2	I guess before I moved here this was the place for live music.  Every time I talked to friends in Arizona, they were talking about their night at the Goat.  I finally moved out here and got to experience it first hand.  I was not impressed.  First off, the stage and sound is horrible.  It's small and the way the speakers and stage is crafted you don't hear everything.  If you want to hear a particular instrument, you have to move around.The owner of the bar is a staple in live music in Tempe.  He's been around for a long time.  I feel that this place changed him.  The drinks are overpriced and the food is terrible.  I went once with my obvious pregnant wife and she ordered a coke.  It was small, loaded with ice and $2.50.  She drank it in one sip.  She went up to get a refill and it was another $2.50.  How can you charge $2.50 per sip of coke and charge $10 at the door?  One night I made the mistake of putting my tab on my credit card.  There was $30 worth of drinks on there that I didn't order.  I tried arguing with them and they didn't care.  I was floored.  The only time I will show up at this venue / restaurant again is if there is a band playing that I HAVE to see.  Thank God the Sail Inn is open again.  They treat their customers right, and they are grateful we show up.
2	It's hard to rate this place!!!One time I go to the goat and Have a great time...the next time I go I fear getting shanked by the locals who r really giving you  the stair down. Its a totall hit are miss with this place.They do have good live music at times, but the cover charge is usually way to high and it's not like they have cheap drinks either.The place has great potential it is just not being used to its fullest.
3	I had never heard of the Goat Head until last night. A friend's band was playing and we decided to head over and check it out. I'm glad we did! Tucked away in a tiny strip mall, the Goat Head offers the right amount of "dive", is a good size, and has a friendly staff. We got there just early enough that we didn't have to pay the cover ($5) and got a table near the front to settle in for the band. The stage is a good size and the overall layout of the bar is perfect. My only complaint was that it took quite a while to get a drink at the bar, but everyone was friendly and having a good time. I'd definitely head back to the Goat if there was a band playing there I wanted to see.
2	The band I saw here was entirely too loud. My date and I couldn't even talk to each other, and one guy at the bar (between songs) told me that the band drove him off last weekend.The people who hang out here were...ummm.....interesting? I got hit on by a lesbian stuck in 1987, and yet there was a really urban hipster crowd as well.The drinks were over-iced and over priced. Unless there happens to be a band playing there that I REALLY want to see, I won't go back.
1	Four stalls in the ladies' room and two had out-of-order signs on them, one had a shower curtain in place of a door, and the one remaining in working order with a door had no t.p. at 8:00 pm.
5	Awesome food prices and great bartenders!
1	I think that the filtered reviews are spot on. The regulars talk shit the entire night and won't leave you alone. The sound sucks and the beer was flat. 4 Peaks should be fresh as it comes from a local brewery. The only reason I was there was to get in on the blues jam on Sunday night. Almost got into a fight with the regular. Finally left when I couldn't take any more.
3	Im gonna give it 3 stars because the food is pretty decent for bar food.  I know.. strange, but it was yummy.A tip for those who are designated drivers..  they dont serve Coke products, but rather Coke-like..a nonbrand soda that they m ix in with the drinks. I asked for a Sprite and it was naaaasty..  I opted for water.  The bands they had were pretty good, but the sound system is not too geat.  the mix was really off and the highs were too highs and not enough base.  You could barely here the vocals at times and when you did the feedback started.  It's an over all cool looking place and Id go back if friends wanted to, but this wouldnt be my first choice.
4	This is probably the best designed live-music-bar venue in the valley. (Hurts to hear that it's in Mesa, doesn't it?) You can really be close to the band; there are plenty of tables. The bar area is separate, but still has a great view. The acoustics are good. ~If you think it's too loud, it's because you'd rather hear yourself than the music. There are breaks between sets, or you can go outside and smoke if you want to be heard above the band.The only reason this venue does not get 5 stars is because my friends band was bumped. We sat around for hours waiting to go on stage. From what I understand, this wouldn't have happened if the owner was there, but he wasn't. So my friends had to play last. By that time we were all tired and we had given up on making it a great show. It was more like a jam session for us than it was like doing a show, because by that time we didn't care what other people thought.
4	I love live music, I dont know why this is my first time here, cool place, GREAT stage, I have to say I really liked it, stayed for a couple of drinks, left before the Elton John tribute started (not a fan) I'll be back
5	GIve me a BREAK all you phony ppl!! This dive bar has the BEST selection  of music and the greatest lady behind the bar: Georgia!!You may be thinking I'm biased but I was as skeptical as you WOULD be when a friend suggested it after dinner. It was Thursday night and we had the place almost for ourselves. The regular music selection was AMAZING! and Georgia made our night even better being as any bartender should be, friendly, helpful with the drinks and even talking. I smell we might have a new couchsurfer!!!Yes  the place might not have the best restrooms, bur really??? how many hours you spend inside?.
5	I love this bar. the acoustics for playing is great.  The service is awesome... Stan.E. LD for Screaming Ant!
4	Sure, it's in a very random strip mall.  Sure, it's got a genre bending name.  You're not there for an artisanal cocktail.  You're not there for a wood fired pizza.  You're definitely not there to see or be seen, or show off you're latest Prada sweater.  But, if you're on the East side and want to hide out and grab a stiff drink at a no-BS bar - this is a worthy joint indeed.  What makes it so are 2 things - interior character and an amazing sound stage for live music.  The latter fact alone should compel a visit - the stage is so good they could make a bad band sound professional - trust me!So, shake off your pretense and catch a good local band - you won't regret it.
4	We were looking for a place to just hangout and drink and we found it. We went there yesterday (Monday) and there were only a couple of other people in there besides our group of three. The selection on the jukebox was decent and we were able to find music that we wanted to listen to. Georgia is a great bartender and was so friendly and nice. It was a good night.
2	Food was good, drinks were reasonable, but last night  the Whiskey Tango band was terrible.
1	We'll never go back here again.
1	Let me start by saying the bar tender that night was a hairy Gash. She treated me with disrespect and my party I was with also. I was there to play a gig that night, so I was drinking water. I had asked her in-between sets to refill my Pitcher with Ice and Water and each time she got more annoyed with me drinking water, or putting her out-how dare she do her job.The stage is adequate for a four piece band. Storm was in charge of the sound system and he dialed EVERYTHING in perfectly (Thanks Storm).We got there early before folks started showing up so we could sound check. There's a lounge lizard with an Amazing rack, slamming body. But she's a hooker, and her pimp was sitting at the back of the bar, and jaw wagging with "The Gash" all night.The hooker made her way around all of my crew, and our Girlfriends begging for money, begging for drinks. She fell to the ground at least 4 times while just walking around. Her F'me pumps I guess were too much for her, she's better off staying on her back.Our roadie was cornered in the bathroom by the "Pimp" and was told he will buy some coke off of him, my roadie just pushed past him and told the pimp to eat a fat one.I walked into the bathroom earlier and witnessed the "Pimp" cutting up some coke for a dude that was in there with them, they were cutting it up on the sink! YUK!They were not startled or shocked by my entrance and disturbing their transaction. They both looked up at me, then went back to business. Needless to say I had to go back on stage with dirty dick hands because the sink was "in use"About half way through the night Phoenix PD stormed in and the pimp ran out through the kitchen, yes I saw the pimp jet, and I personally directed Phoenix's finest after this scumbag.They want you to sell tickets to your followers, we don't charge our fans or friends to come watch us. So needless to say we put on a wicked kick ass show, and we were paid $25. This place rapes its bands, bar tender was a rotten Gash. Can't really knock the interior, it's a dive bar ran by a Dumpster diving Gash.
4	I am somewhat biased in my opinion of Goat Head. I really LOVE rock music and this place has a kick ass sound system, light show, and stage! I saw one of my favorite local bands, One Body Too Many, perform here and fell in love. Now that there is karaoke here on Tuesday nights, it really has become my favorite karaoke spot. The karaoke is run through the sound system with the light system going. When you are on the stage, your option, it really feels like you are in concert. Kind of a good thing but maybe not for some, there is not a huge crowd so your chances to sing lots of songs are relatively good, Not being a drinker, I have heard some of my friends say that the drinks are over priced and there aren't many good drink specials. The bartenders have changed frequently, so the kitchen is rarely open, as the owner is oftentimes the bartender of the night. All in all despite some of the drawbacks- the food, strange people, etc., I still have a really good time.
2	Don't do it!! I should have left when the foul smell hit me before I made it to the door! The staff was not rude and the beer was cold and well priced but the lack of decent food, zero ambiance and stench will keep we from giving it another try.
1	I have no idea how this place is still open. Everytime I have made the mistake of going to this dump it seems that it keeps get worse. I relate to the chick who posted about the horrible stench, and the guy who talked about the rude batrenders and the over priced drinks. I have made deals with some of the girls giving them a $20 and been able to drink all night, which is cool  if you can put up with the gross atmosphere, When the kitchen is open- the food is horrible and I can't believe the heath department hasn't been in there to shut them down. I went to see my girlfriends co -worker's Band play, and again the bar was dead, not sure how they are still open. Apparently the owner refuses to promote or pay someone to promote is what the band told us . They were just happy to get paid and really didn't care if only 10 people came to see them or not. We didnt't make the mistake again to try the dreadful food, however one of our friends did and said everything was over cooked- over seasoned and not edible. They refused to remake the food and charged them full price. Really shady!  The same creepy guys that I saw the 3 other times I have been to the bar were there and still snorting coke in the bathrooms and on the bar, apparently thinking they were invisible and no one could see them. I didn't see cops liek some of the other patrons todl us frequently show up or from the other posts I have seen here. But I would imagine that place has to be under investigation. TOTAL DUMP! Don't wast your time or money. You may get an STD from the bathroom my girl said so try to hold it in or go to the restroom somewhere else! The sound was average- the girl really didn't seem to know what she was doing. Overall is was HORRIBLE and we will never ever go back unless someone else goes in there - cleans house and cleans up the trash that is in there now!
1	There was almost nothing I liked about this place, other than my friends band that was playing.
