1	Online experience was good, but that is as far as I can go.  Then found out we couldn't set up a specific location for rental, even though making the reservation weeks in advance. Adjusted our schedule to fit theirs (wait, who is the customer here?!), and went to pick up truck for a 1200 mile drive.  What an absolute piece of junk!  During the "inspection" I noted the front tire was very low on pressure and was told "Wow, good catch!"  (Are you kidding?  Shouldn't somebody there be checking a vehicle about to head out on a 1200 mile trek with an inexperienced driver?)  It did get us there with at least 3 but never more than 5 of the 8 cylinders firing. The lock they sold us didn't fit the door in the back - discovered only after we packed the truck and the store was long closed.  Truck leaked in the rain so stuff in the back got wet during the drive.
1	Worst Experience EVER. Do not use UBox in Madison, WI on Verona Road.It was terrible service and experience. They screwed up, and forgot to ship our boxes to California. They would tell us someone would call us to "discuss a resolution", but they still have not. We called at least 8 times. Customer service would tell us what we wanted to hear, but no one actually returned our calls.  It took 3 weeks to receive our UBoxs and they promised 10 days. Consider yourself warned. Seriously, they are a hot mess.
1	My experience with U-Haul has been the single worst customer services experience I have ever had in my life. My boyfriend and I used the u-box service to move to Madison. We were supposed to get access to our box the Saturday after we arrived. My boyfriend went down to the store to see when it would be delivered and was told they were incredibly busy and didn't even know where our box was at the facility. They told us they would call to schedule a delivery time. We never heard back from them. My boyfriend and I called and left messages with Alicia, the woman in charge of u-boxes at this location, no fewer than 12 times with absolutely no response. The one time my boyfriend managed to get ahold of her, she hung up on him. We finally got access to our box on site (it was supposed to be delivered to our apartment) almost 2 weeks after the promised delivery date (that is 2 weeks of sleeping on the floor). We received no apology, refund, or store credit. I reported them to the BBB and U-haul will never see another cent from me.
1	Due to my experience with this location, I will never rent from Uhaul again.  I reserved a Ubox on April 18 for May 31 delivery.  On May 29, 36 hours before my Ubox was supposed to be delivered, I received a call informing me that they had no boxes and would not be able to deliver my box as promised.  Their only proposed solution?  Push my move back 4 days.  Needless to say, that wasn't an option in case my last-day-of-the-month moving date didn't convey that.  They did not attempt to find me a truck or suggest any other options.  The staff at this location was profoundly unhelpful and unconcerned with the repercussions of THEIR INCOMPETENCE.  Did I mentioned that they called me 5 minutes before their office closed for the night so I spent hours on hold with the national customer service line all night for absolutely no reason?  That's a whole separate review right there.Thankfully I was able to get a truck from Penske.  This meant that I had to make the unexpected drive from Madison to DC (~15 hour drive) and incur HUNDREDS of dollars in unexpected expenses.  It is truly astonishing to me that Uhaul and its franchises can get away with treating their customers this poorly.
1	Just finished renting a van here. The trip mileage started at 10, Trip mile i checked using google maps for the route i took says 22. Trip mileage i came back at says 32.You need to check the mileage with them and not trust them when they write the out mileage. Plus, when you check out the car there's no where they write the out mileage. They decrease their out mileage record on your receipt and when you come back its higher. There is absolutely no way to say anything about it though because obviously when you finish the rental its already in the receipt and when you come back you can't show them where you exactly drove so it's pointless.
