5	This is such a cute, little day spa. I get waxes done by Kortney and she does an awsome job! Service is excellent and friendly and you can call and pretty much get in the same day.
5	I arrived at the studio for the facial I had. I was greeted by Virgina with a warm smile. We went back to the Estitician room and she went to work on my face! I chose to get Micro and an Oxygen facial. It was so great!! It was so relaxing with the music and the lighting. I could easily drift away. Before I knew it my time was done! She did an amazing job. She recommended me products for my skin time! She was very personable and she knows what she's doing! Terrific service and a wonderful experience! I can't wait to go back! Very reasonable prices also!!! My face loves it :)
5	My mother and I had 90 minute facials done by Virginia after buying LivingSocial deals. My first impression of the place was that it was adorable. Soft colors, lace, dark woods, heavy furniture. It is a small spa, but you feel very important when you are there because Virginia (owner/operator) focuses only on you for the entire duration of your appointment.I had never received a facial service before so I was in for a treat. Virginia customized my facial around my skin type and issues. When I came out of the room after 90 minutes, my mother said she could already see a difference in my complexion. Then my mom went in for her treatment and when she came out, I could tell the difference in hers! It really is amazing what Virginia can accomplish in 90 minutes!Virginia suggested a few products to my mother and I for our ongoing beauty regimen. The products are a line that she created herself using only natural, organic products. After a few weeks of using them, I can tell you that my skin has continued to improve and I have far less blemishes now. Her products are not cheap, but they are worth it if you have troublesome skin and the over-the-counter stuff at Walgreens, CVS, etc aren't cutting it for you.Virginia also makes her own natural soaps which she sells in the spa. I bought one as a gift (it was made with a stout beer and smelled amazing!). I hope someday to be able to go to Virginia for another treatment, but without the LivingSocial deal, it is a little pricey. However, I am hooked on her natural beauty products so I'll be back for those items!
