1	The first time I visited your establishment I bought tanning bed sessions and the girl knowing I had not tanned in a tanning bed in 5+ years put me in a VHR 4 bed for 12 minutes saying that was how long people went in there for and I was burned terribly. It took 2 weeks to recover. I purchased a Mystic Tan package a few days before Thanksgiving 2010. I used 1 tan and had 2 left. I specifically asked if I could use the 2 tans left once summer came to kick start my summer, the girl told me I could as they do not expire. "Once you purchase a package you have them forever" is what she told me. I was just told by "Kaelin" the manager there that I have to purchase ANOTHER package in order to activate my previous package. I find it totally ridiculous. Needless to say I will never go back there....
4	I transferred my tanning package to this location when I moved to Ahwatukee from south Phoenix.  This location has a great selection of beds and also has mystic spray tans available.  Most of the beds here are upper level beds (only 1 basic and no level 2's).  The staff so far has been very helpful and the rooms are clean.  I recommend this location to anyone in the area looking for tanning services.  Make sure you get the VIP packaging prices if possible as it will save money in the long run.
4	This salon is pretty good my bf and I both like it. It's always clean the owner seems nice and all the girls I have met are really polite and nice. We only have a gold and a platinum package never have used the best of the best beds nor have I tried the mystic here but I assume its the same as the rest of the salons. They always seem to have new bulbs, and they are good quality ones. They definitely do good upkeep with the beds we use. The rooms are sort of tight but they have so many beds it's understandable. The place is never packed you never have to wait for a bed and that is a huge plus as well. I highly recommend this salon.
2	What is going on with place? Nobody answers the phone and there is no voice mail to indicate the hours of business! Assuming that they would be open at 6pm, I drove all the way there to find out they were closed! Last time I went here they were open until 8:30pm. And the icing on the cake is that no hours were even posted on their door.  So now I have wasted $$ (on a package), gas, and time.
