5	I love this place and I would recommend everyone to go here! All of the employees are amazing and really nice. They go over every detail and answer any questions that you have. They have teeth whitening, facials, massages, tanning, hydration and a ton of extra goodies to choose from. The packages are very reasonable and worth every penny. I think the best part is I have been coming here once a week for about six months now and I have not had one bad experience.
4	I came here because of a Groupon deal. Discounted massage and facials? Sounds good to me.They have great hours: Saturday 9a-8p; Sunday 10a-7p; and Monday through Friday 10a-10p. The services offered involve very little people interaction. How does that work, you say? Science!There are machines here that you can essentially program to give you massage, the hydromassage machine.  You lie down fully clothed, pulses of water push up against your spine (under the protection of the bed lining) and massage from your head to your feet.  The facial options are photofacials and hydrofacials.  The photofacials are done with red and yellow light and you get to sit in this massage chair that conforms to your unique sitting position, and it massages your hands, legs, and entire spine.  It's awesome.  You can purchase product here at approximately $9 for the photofacials, for acne, wrinkle reduction, etc. There are other spa options which I haven't tried out yet, like the hydrotherapy bed (I believe that's the name) that you lie in and are sort of steam-cleaned and the toxins are pulled from your body.  I may have to get adventurous and try that another day. There's also tanning available, for those of you that tan.  I don't, so this was of no interest to me. I dig the minimal people interaction, as I'm not a big fan of strangers poking and prodding at me.  However, the customer service here is great.  Even on a crazy busy Saturday morning, I was given the tour of the location and given the run-down on how things worked.  I'll definitely be back.
4	I will most likely be updating this review as time goes along but I went to the spa today and had an awesome experience with April and Tiffany and signed up for a membership. Reasonably priced and no pressure with lots of different things all combined into the membership. I am excited to try the spa stuff the next time I go. Today I just got the Mystic and stocked up on my tanning lotion to get started next week. I love the salon, its small and you get a personal feel being there. Im excited to have found a place that has spa stuff as well as tanning all as a part of the membership package. Reasonably priced is an added bonus as well. they have some discounted prices at the moment as well. Id highly recommend at least checking it out to see what is offered and if its a fit for you.just a note to go along with the survey questions - 'By Appointment Only' is what they prefer but if you come in and they can fit you in, they will do their best to do just that.
5	Really awesome facility and super friendly staff! They have a variety of tan and spa services I love it here. I have been a member for about 4 years now :)
4	Really like the whole "Contempo Spa" concept. This is more of a self service spa. There are private rooms for hydration station, sauna, tanning, massage beds.... and more. I really like their red light therapy sessions too! and their Lumiere treatments. You can pay a monthly fee for unlimited treatments. And because the Green Valley and Fort Apache ones are owned by the same owner... they'll give you a good deal on the monthly fee.
5	Smile!!! There's nuttin' to frown about here! This place is pure nirvana! Enjoy your visit!! Once you get the hang of this place and how it works, you will realize how the services will help you maintain a nice and healthy life. :) I frequently use the Lumiere facial, Saunatox, Hydration Station, and the UMO facial. UMO is the most hydration service I've ever experienced. It feels so light and doesn't even seem like it's doing anything but the results are evident when you wake up the next day and the dry spots on your face like around your nose and jaw line (that's where I get my dryness) are virtually GONE!!! Hydration Station does just that! You get in this capsule and after 20 or 30 minutes (you can choose the duration), you are left with some amazing supple and soft skin. This is huge for me since I don't have a water softener at the moment. Saunatox is just as what you would imagine but the lights used give a euphoric feeling that I'm sure you will be given the technical version once you get there or you can read about it on their website. The Lumiere facial does wonders for keeping my skin clear and radiant. You won't know until you try it! If you want to give it a shot and try it out for yourself, ask for Wendy or Amanda and they will show you the ropes!! :D
5	I recently moved to this side of town and had to find a new tanning salon. I had heard good things about the planet beach name. I stopped in just to look and get some information. Amanda, the spa director, was amazing! I told her my experience working in the industry and she was very straight forward about what they had to offer. I was super excited when I found out they had the same beds and hydration station as my salon back home! We worked out an awesome package for me and I signed up that day.The facilities are very clean and welcoming. The staff is super knowledgeable. Although appointments are not necessary it is highly recommended.
