5	Best track you have ever seen !!!  1/2 mile with 20 curves and turns Twice as big as the indoor tracks and a lot faster. It will wear your arms out because you are making 200-250 quick turns in ten minutes of hard racing.  The track is wide enough that we were racing 3 carts wide through one sharp corner and there are several places you can set up a pass, unlike the indoor tracks where passing is almost impossible. It opens at 4:00 pm on weekdays and we went early, so there were only a few people there. The manager Dave joined in to give us some competition and he is a really nice guy, even when he is trying to spin you in a tight corner or stuff you into the wall. After all rubbing is racing.  My wife's arms were too tired to do a second race and after two races my arms were shot, so I gave one of my tickets away to some young guy, but I still got more than my money's worth. They stay open until 11:00pm, I guess to avoid the heat during the summer or to get the after work locals.  I come to Vegas from California about 3 times a year and I will make this a regular stop.  Check Groupon to see if their deal is still available.  4 races for $35 is an unbelievably low price. Great time - you won't be disappointed.
5	I LOVED IT HERE!! We came here initially for Scare Fair because it's in the same vicinity and because the guy at the desk was so nice and informative we decided to buy races for 6 people (if you have 6 or more it's $15 a person, if not it's $20 per person). Before you start,  you watch a safety video. It's pretty informative and after you're done, you pick your helmet and put on a neck brace. The neck brace is kind of uncomfortable but it's for safety. Better to be safe than sorry.Anyway, before you go on the karts, they have an employee check your gear. They also check all the gokarts before the race starts. The guy made sure my gas was full, that my wheels turned OK, and since I couldn't reach the pedal he gave me pedal boosters.Remember to go around the track to the checkered line (starting line). Everyone will line up there and they'll start the race. Don't be like my cousin and make a wrong turn LOL. She was facing us at the starting line and the employees faces were priceless. I still laugh about it hahaha.
5	We came here while we were in town for SEMA. We decided to come out and race for some evening fun and we left with huge smiles and exhausted arms. The track is full of curves and after 20 minutes of racing (2 10 minute races) we were worn out! The guys at the track were great to joke around with and we all had a blast. We would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for some non-gambling fun in Vegas!
5	Came here as a hangover cure one afternoon because what can wake you up better than rocketing around a track at 45mph 3 inches from the ground? I grabbed a buddy and made use of the groupon going on: 2 races for 2 people for $35, can't beat that even for regular go karts.I've never had to wear a helmet, neck brace, and watch a safety video to operate a go kart. I have a license, how hard could it be? Turns out you need to be pretty mentally and physically alert to handle these karts. There's no power steering so after the 10 or so laps you go through your forearms are throbbing. The track is pretty technical and will punish you for turning around to flick off your buddy by slamming you into a wall. The staff is motley crew of gearheads who are more than happy to chat you up. They are just as enthusiastic to have you race as you are. I don't know how much prices are regularly but overall I had a hell of time a price you can't beat in Vegas.
5	One of the best Karting places I've ever been to. Out-does Andretti's in my home town of Atlanta. All of the staff were super friendly and helpful, even going so far as telling me which karts were the best ones! Would definitely recommend this place to anyone who's in Vegas and looking for something fun to do besides blowing all of your money at the casinos.
5	Awesome experience !! Check out groupon for an awesome deal!The staff are very knowledgable and passionate ! They are also very friendly!! Definitely recommend this for a different activity in sin city!!
5	Cars and track were awesome, the staff was friendly and professional.  Cant wait for my next vegas trip to bring along friends and dramamine! I wanna go fast!!
4	Great place. The course is good in length and has just the right amount of turns to make it challenging. You get a helmet n neck brace for safety. The staff are really cool and the wait time is not bad at all. The karts go really fast, which I like. I just wished the time on the track was a little longer. Overall it was cool experience. You should check it out if your in Vegas. Groupon has a great deal so make sure you check that  out as well.
5	Compared to the other places that I've been to in Vegas, this place tops them all! Very friendly and helpful staff. Pssssssst. They're on Groupon. Definitely check it out!
5	I never enjoyed go-kart racing before, but this time was pretty awesome. The gentleman that worked there really took care of us. I believe his name was James. It was a great experience, the course was fun, the cars were a little dated but that doesn't take any points away in my book!They had a pretty good living social deal but I'd definitely go back!
5	AWESOME!! Great staff, fun ride and a all in all great time. I would recommend this to anyone wanting to go kart racing...
5	Took my 15 and 12 yr old boys here for the first time and it was great! Super nice, friendly and professional staff! The boys were the last to race on a Monday night and the location has a killer view of the Hotels on the Strip and the Jets landing at the airport!. It's outdoors with gas powered cars that are really well maintained and run really smooth up to 45 MPH! They have a great assortment of helmets and neck braces to choose from. A safety/instructional DVD you watch hosted by Larry, the Cable Guy. Best go cart place we've been to over the years!
5	Amazing experience.  Great guys.  Fantastic view and really a killer spot.   Highly recommend this to anyone.
5	So I got a Groupon special for this place and I absolutely loved it! Although I raced a bunch of buttholes the workers were awesome. A guy seemed to be purposely bumping into me so we ended up crashing and the worker was immediately there to help me out. Karts were awesome I'm a big girl and was able to find one that was comfortable. Free water bottles were the last nice touch :)
5	Did the Groupon package great priceSuper friendly staffClean facilityKarts work fabulousWe went right before they close due to traffic on lv blvd the guys there keep it open late so we can get our race inWill come back to lv just to race the course.
5	This place rocks! Karts are super fast, the track is very well designed and the staff is very friendly and helpful. I will be coming back here often!
2	Was it fun? Absolutely! However, we purchased the Groupon for this location and it says you get a lot of items that were not offered. For two people we should have received racing suits and shoes to wear, a sticker, an autographed poster, and a bottle of water. We received none of this. It might be fun, but customer service is important! When you pay for something that states you should receive things, the company should honor their promotion.
5	As a boy, I use to watch "Gene" race around with my brother on the speedway track in Costa Mesa, Ca. Sponsered by 7up at the time, it was always enjoyable to watch him and the guys race against the other competitors. As far back as I can remember, racing (all kinds) has been in Gene's family. I can't wait for the 4th of July this year, as my wife and I are bringing the kids to Mandalay Bay......and we'll be stopping by to see an old family friend. Gene has always went out of his way.....that's why the reveiws here are so true. "Great racing means great fun"!!!!!!
5	So much fun!! I wish I could go everyday!!! They give you free bottled water, the staff is very friendly and helpful, the cars go fast, and you get a picture to remember your experience :-)
5	No doubt these guys are doing it right here. Got the Groupon deal like many others, and surprised a friend with something NON Vegas like for his birthday to get away from the regular card tables, bars, and strip. What a way to start your day! The staff is pretty good people, and very helpful if you needed anything. I actually got a huge blister on my hand because "karting is not a game"! and the staff gave me some duct tape for my hand so that i can get through the second race without drawing blood. The cars arent slow for the track and they let you run it for quite some time, what seems like 50-60% longer than the other places in town. Do check it out if you have competitive people in town and you want to punch em down on the track. And i recommend a pair of gloves if you have them at home to keep from the blisters as they do not have them to offer customers.
5	Was there last week. Great time. Staff was good, cars were fast, track was great, Vegas Strip in the background was awesome.
1	The worst experience ever. Never leave any of your belongings in the property. No survelliance camera at all. Either one of employees or customer went through my stuffs and stole cash. Leave all your belongings in car and lock.
5	Excellent staff. Highly recommend this place. My wallet flew out during a race and a staff member got it back to me immediately after the race. Good eyes.
5	Awesome place to race Go Karts! It's outside and right by the strip. The track is awesome and the karts are pretty fast. It's best to go later in the afternoon since it's pretty hot during the day. They also give you really cold water
2	Came here with my girlfriend with a groupon purchased. I would give this place 1 star but I gave 2 cause the go karts were actually pretty fun.The low rating is for the customer service and knowledge that lacks from the employees. The groupon I purchased was the middle tier which included:2 same day races for 2 peopleUpgraded helmet rentalRace suit and shoesHeadsock and stickerAutographed posterBottled waterwhen we first arrived it's pretty intuitive, walk towards the go karts and to the front desk no real signage or where to go. When I checked in I informed the lady working I had a groupon deal and she rushed to press redeem without even reading it, giving me 2 tickets, 2 head socks, and sending me on my way to watch a video. The video was located in a tent near the track with no employees there to make sure we watched it or to even press play on the DVD player. After waiting about 10 minutes I just decided to press play on my own, they had a banquet going on also so the music was so loud I couldn't hear anything on the DVD, waste of time much? Anyways this being my first time there I didn't know 1 ticket = 1 race for 1 person. So I go back to the front desk and explain to the lady the I purchased 2 races for 2 and she starts to tell me I'm confused and that's not the deal they have. Really? Maybe you should read the deal next time before just blowing it off and snapping the redeem button first. After going on groupon to find the deal again to show her she then decides to grill me on how much I paid, at this point I'm getting fed up, if she took the extra time to ACTUALLY read it we wouldn't be having this problem. This place could be fun but the employees make it unenjoyable. Cheap and cut corners for groupon purchases, so the rundown:They try to get you to forfeit your races, you get no upgraded helmet just whatever is on the wall, you do get a head sock but  no sticker, they have race suits that look like they've never been washed no shoes, you get no autographed poster, and finally you get no bottled water unless you want to pay for it. I'm glad I got to experience these fun machines once, but sadly the poor customer service will never have me return. Beware my fellow yelpers!
5	Had lots of fun with my girlfriend! We even raced against a professional go-kart racer and Dave the owner!! Come mondays for competition and cash prizes! Great fun great people!
4	We came here with a Groupon as well. We came really late so there weren't that much people. Roy was the one who was helping us and he was awesome and very friendly. I'm personally not a big fan of anything that involves speed or danger. So it was not really a thing for me. I bought the Groupon really for my fiancee. He really enjoyed it but was getting a bit nauseous from riding too fast.Roy was nice and offered us some water. Overall a nice experience. Come check it out
5	Had lots of fun racing with some really pro drivers! I ended up being 3rd place. It was awesome! I really recommend you guys to come here with your friends or family. Or by yourself i mean you get to race anyone in there its fun.
5	Awesome customer service and this place was unbelievable. Everything was safe and everything went smoothly. Would recommend it to everyone who likes to drive. Even for girlfriends, wives, children and etc. For the price you pay, you cant get a better deal.
5	have been to pole position (where the cars handle weird because you cant use the brakes to adjust your racing line) and fast lap (where you cant pick your car and the cars are DRASTIC in their difference in performance, I blew the engine on one that had been leaking oil and neglected for along time). take it from a die hard go cart dude, gene woods is the place. me and my friends go racing once a month and they are the best cars, track, management, price and fun factor. I allways call before hand to talk to the staff and see what cars are a little faster than others but they run very consistent. track is FAR more intricate and challenging than at other venues. Groupon is welcome there. don't piss off your experience by going anywhere else.
5	Decided to try out this place from a groupon. The day we decide to go it's over a hundred degrees, but that didn't stop us. The karts are fun. A cool way to break up the typical Vegas entertainment options. The staff is awesome! They offered us water to keep cool and the staff was very entertaining. Talking trash with us as we raced. A great day of fun at the track
5	My boyfriend and I went here over the weekend and we definitely had a lot of fun. The staff was friendly and helpful. Would definitely recommend this place!
5	This place is so much fun, I went with a group of friends and we had a blast. Best go kart track in town!! I highly recommend checking it out, it's the real deal.
5	The staff here is very friendly and made the experience fun. The carts and fast and the track was wasn't just a big circle, it has curves and hills. The race was about 18 laps so it's worth the money. I do wish they opened earlier, but I was worth the wait!!!
5	Got a groupon for this place and really enjoyed our experience! Fast cars and friendly staff! Will definitely be back!
5	Great service! Great cars! Great tracks! A must do for kids 10 and over when visiting. Right off the Las Vegas Strip!
5	Awesome experience!!! Friendly staff. Great view of the strip. Good fun! Went with me and my girlfriend and we loved it. Definitely worth it. You get 15 to 18 laps and for a great deal on Groupon
5	Guys at Gene Woods are great!  Carts are kept in good condition, nice clean head socks to wear before helmet and great prices!  For a membership and race it's only $30.00! That comes with a T-shirt free birthday ride, discount coupons and discounted race prices!  Price for one ride alone is $25.  Be sure to check out Groupon too!  WE WILL BE BACK!
5	This is a great kart racing experience that will challenge your driving ability long before the karts becomes the limit. The course has small changes in banking and elevation that make it more interesting than most flat tracks.
5	Love this place!!!! It is so awesome that it is outdoor and you can enjoy racing outside! Racing at night would be better but they are not open past 10 pm... This is Vegas! Overall great staff and a great time.
5	Came here on a Friday afternoon with a bachelor party and had an awesome time!  The staff was great and the cars were fast!  Never felt unsafe.  I highly recommend this spot for some high speed fun!
5	Came here with a Groupon - 2 races for 2 ppl. This was my first ever karting experience and I honestly did not expect I'd like it cuz I am not a racer in no way. But this was so much fun!! We got more than we bargained for :) The girl at the front desk is very nice and quick. We checked in, I got a pair of socks and sneakers (and got to keep the socks as souvenir haha!), watched a quick video (yes, we pressed "play" on the recorder ourselves, but c'mon, how can this be an issue?!) The  track is quite intuitive, the employees are helpful and if you pay attention to their instructions, there should be no problem. Oh, 1 lap the Groupon provides is actually about 15-19 laps on the track! So, buying 1 lap gives plenty of time to enjoy the race! And something I never thought I'd say: it is actually more fun to race with other karts on track than alone :) In the end, we got a bottle of water each (free!) and a photo at the podium with a real Nascar trophy in our hands! Take it from a total first-timer, speed-cautious gal - you will have fun here!
5	This is so fun and challenging if you want.  I and buddies were wore out by the end.  Your can have mellow fun or race your buddies hard.  Well worth the money and a memorable experience.  Staff is great.
5	Great first time go karting here! Good amount of racing time! Employees are very cool and helpful
5	So me and a couple friends decided to check this place out on Monday night just before closing time... And I'm so glad we did!  We had a blast!!!!  I was worried that we would be rushed since we got there so late but that wasn't the case at all - i believe they actually gave us a few mins extra. The staff was amazing, but the experience was even better!  Go with some friends... You will have a blast!!
5	This place rocks!!! I was completely  impressed at how fast the machines go! This was definitely  one of the highlights of our trip to Vegas. We will be back for sure! What an awesome  idea for something to do away from all the huge casinos trying to take your money. The karts seriously  haul butt! I would highly recommend  this place to anyone!! Trust me I ride a 450cc dirt bike every weekend so with a go kart I was not expecting  much of a thrill but these karts and the awesome track seriously  impressed  me. It was only about 70 degrees out and I actually  broke a sweat!!!
4	Great place. Very friendly and would go again. We were a group of 5 and had lots of fun. No complaints!
5	Our experience at this race track was excellent. The staff is friendly, welcoming and superb. Highly recommend for anyone who wants a breathtaking rush of adrenaline  before heading back home.
5	The track was very good, smooth well taken care of and technical.The karts were OK but for the price worth it! not out of tune the alignment could have been better I got one kart that was really really loose and one that was nearly perfect so I guess its a crap shoot.No problems with customer service its a kart track not a restaurant! The guys at the track were very cool didnt hassle us at all for driving hard and making contact good time would be there alot more if it was in L.A.! I will have to say 100 times better than indoor electric karts.
4	Highly recommended - get the Groupon, get good times!After the introductory video, you're able to put on the racing sock, helmet, and join up to 14 other go-kart racers on the curvy track.You drive in "races" which are essentially sets of about 10 laps each.  You may be driving with other groups of folks and theoretically, you're not supposed to bump cars, but the staff is pretty liberal and good at making sure you can do whatever you can in the car while having a good time safely (i.e. prepare to bump or be bumped, and drift as much as you like!)The cars themselves are pretty fast, especially for this outdoor track, where a lot of turns prevent much straight line acceleration.  The service is pretty casual but good.Regular price is $25 for one race and $20 for a second race.  I recommend getting the Groupon deal ahead of time (same day is ok), which is $25 for one person to enjoy two races and a bottle of water.  $45 can get you the same deal for two people.
5	Great place to race go karts! Really fast cars and super fun time was had by our teenage boys and teen at heart parents. Great fun just off the strip.
5	Great fun place! We got the groupon deal so it was $26 for 2 laps. Came here with some fan and had tons of fun! Employees were very friendly. They gave us tips for first timers as well. I will definitely be coming here again
