4	Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's a bit of a touristy thing to do, but one of the things on my "to do" list for Edinburgh was to get........a deep-fried Mars bar.  We asked a few locals, and got blank stares, but we finally found someone who was willing to point us the way (under his breath).  Cafe Piccante is where we went (was also surprised to see it featured in the Scotland episode of the drinking show Three Sheets!). Walked up to it and it looked like your basic small fish and chip place, but upon further inspection, there it was, a big poster touting:  "Get Your Deep-Fried Mars Bar Here!"So we walked in from the rain and ordered.   My sister opted for hers a la mode. They were steaming hot--so, my sister had the right idea. It was a sugar-ultra-high!!! The consistency was fairly rigid due to the deep-fry, but the Mars bar was definitely mushy & melted inside. Tasted like a donut & a chocolate bar. You could clearly determine that what you were eating was BAD for you! My sister's b-friend said he ended up getting a head ache, and his teeth started hurting--his teeth!!All in all it was an experience.  I think a la mode is the way to go, because the creaminess of the ice cream sort of helps cushion the sugar blow which smacks you upside your head.Oh, and I don't think you're limited to Mars bars here.  You can try other forms of candy.  I'm sure you could also have them deep fry a pizza, hot dog, haggis (of course), hamburger, salad---you name it (deep-frying is big in Scotland!).
4	Right, so, I only came here as a tourist, and I was only attracted, to be honest, because of the prominently displayed sign advertising their deep-fried Mars bars, but this is a very good chippy, and I'd recommend it, for whatever that's worth. The fish is good, the chips are good, and the Mars bars are slightly gross, but I take it that this is normal. Good show.And also they gave me a free pen.
4	Cafe Piccante is conveniently situated near my old flat. This meant there was many a night out where we stumbled in here on the way home for some good old fashioned munch.Serving your usual chip shop menu, it hits the right spot. They advertise the "Deep Fried Mars Bar" outside, I guess to attract tourists who have heard of this great Scottish culinary delight.  I have never sampled a deep fried mars bar, but I can only imagine the taste. In Cafe Piccante the staff are friendly and on weekends they have a DJ spinning some tunes. Yes that's right, a DJ. There were a few times I have visited here and been perhaps a little inebriated, and found myself very confused over the DJ in a chip chop. The staff are fun and friendly too. Probably the best chippy to go to in the city center.
3	Whoever came up with the concept for Cafe Piccante is a bona fide genius: take one chippy, keep it open until 3am (or later if you're lucky enough to stay for a lock-in), add a DJ playing loud dance tunes and a strobe light, and voila the rave chippy is born! As one of my friends once said, "it's like a club, but better because it's got chips!".The food here is not as good as the food at Rapido (a few minutes down the road), but at 3am when you've been drinking for a good few hours, pretty much any fried rubbish is going to taste heavenly.If you're visiting the city put this place down on your things to do list, Cafe Piccante is an essential part of any night out in Edinburgh!
4	Aside from being an all round excellent fish and chip shop. Cafe Piccante provides a DJ, slaps a Bacardi Breezer in your hand and orders you to keep on dancing. There's simply no excuse to stop boogying, even if you chunder all that greasy grub back up again from body popping in its strobe lit interior.A truly unique chippy ready and waiting for you to continue into the early hours of the morning. Cheap too.
5	I've been to Cafe Piccante several times and never been aware that they have a DJ playing! If they do, it's a pretty cool idea to keep the clubbers clubbing even during their pre-home munch.  The food which this place produces is amazing.  Their fried suppers are delicious as the batter which they use is light, crispy and thin.  I came here after Movida once and had probably the best sausage supper I've ever had.  The portion was sufficient for warding off the hangover, the sausage was pretty decent quality and the chips were fluffy and strangely non-greasy.This is one of my favourite post-club chippies and it also serves deep-fried Mars bars which will undoubtedly be incredible given the quality of their batter.  Cafe Piccante gives great quality food at standard prices.  It also has a speedy delivery service making it indispensable for lazy evening meals.
4	Two quotes I will always associate with this place - "Deep Fried Haggis" and "DOUBLE HAGGIS". Explanation provided below.After going to Urban Angel, and exploring Edinburgh more, my friends and I decided to head here for dinner because it was close to Melody's flat, and it had tequila chips advertised on the window. I wanted that, but since I wasn't very hungry, I ended up sharing curry fish & chips with Mel - and those were absolutely delicious. The curry wasn't very spicy, which suited me well - I can't handle anything hot at all, I just die. But our friend Billy, ended up having haggis again - thus the "Double Haggis". Plus, it was DEEP FRIED HAGGIS. Anything deep fried just can't be bad. So while Billy enjoyed his meal with gusto, Mel and I watched on horrified* as he ate more "sheep's pluck", just deep fried. At least he enjoyed it! Definitely a fun place - it just lost one star because there weren't many places to sit.*horrified may be a bit exaggerated. It was more of an awestruck look. We really just kept going "Billy, I can't believe you're eating DOUBLE HAGGIS!"
5	How to get that 'essence de kebab' smell in your car. Firstly you have to go into this fantastic chip shop that sells EVERYTHING. ( and I mean everything, all the usual foods and beer and wine and spirits ).I bought a chicken kebab with garlic sauce. There's this new thing out where they have a big stack chicken breast on a big pole and they slice it off just like the doner kebab. The meat is delicious and you get loads of it, even though I only ordered a small one. Anyway, I got into my car and had a few forkfuls of it before starting the engine. I place the polystyrene container on my dashboard and slowly started making my way through Edinburgh on my way home. To go west you first have to go east and around the roundabout at the Omni Centre. Well, half way around the roundabout the kebab slid right across the dashboard and emptied itself in the passenger footwell. What a bummer!I had the taste in my mouth now so I had to go back and buy another one. The chippy has loads of food all ready for buying and there are plenty of staff members to keep the queue to a minimum. There are a few tables for customers who don't want to go home yet, and have another drink with their food. I headed home and decided to have a mouthful of kebab everytime I came to a red light. Well, it was as if I was in a royal motorcade because all I got were green lights all the way out. I just couldn't wait to have some more so had to stop at the side of the road.This is the best chippy I've ever come across in my life. I will be back next time I'm in the east of Edinburgh.
4	Deep fried mars bar that was surprisingly good. As if someone had intentionally crafted it from culinary skill, not as a novelty.
1	I really think this fast food outlet is overrated. There may be late night DJs and it is very convenient for a post gay bar guzzle, but its not the only place in the area and its certainly not the best.While living on Broughton Street, I went several times. Each time there was the same problem, sorry it wasn't a problem it was a massive calamity, the chips were awful. They were undercooked and limp with no crispiness at all. The whole music and t-shirts club thing is really just a front to hide quite poor food.
5	Was new in town and wanted to try Deep Fried Mars Bars, popped it on Google and this was what I found. My expectations of it wasn't great but when I approached this small hidden cafe, the aroma of all things fried and tasty seduced me.I wasn't at all disappointed, I loved their kebab, the deep friend mars bar with ice cream and even the jumbo sausages. It was great. I will definitely visit again!The place isn't really big but it had a nice fun atmosphere to it. The staff are friendly as well.
4	A.K.A. 'The disco chippy'.  This place is definitely unique and the coolest chip shop in Edinburgh!  With a live DJ playing the decks on Friday and Saturday nights this place is happening!  It is also open very late and has an alcohol license so you can sit and enjoy a beer with your fish supper whilst listening to the funky beats.  The best thing about this place other than the shiny disco ball?  They sell deep fried chocolate?!?!?!  Now wait, don't diss it until you've tried it because believe me it is tasty!!!  Great fun for tourists and I think it should be a law for all Scots to have at least tried one.
3	hihi, went for the deep fried marsbar, and I've got to say, it was pretty darn good :) Did have to wait quite some time for my order to come out though!
4	Piccante (or The Disco Chippy as some still refer to it) is an Edinburgh institution. The food's no better or worse than the bulk of other fish & chip/pizza shops in the city but the general atmosphere's what makes it special. Hard to avoid that old salt & sauce / salt and vinegar chestnut though if you get chatting to Scots from outside the city.
3	Overall:  2.5 starsNice, friendly staff.Over-cooked burger.  Odd chicken doner kebab:  no tomato or onion on top of the rotisserie to drip juices on meat; no tatziki or Turkish yoghurt sauce.  I'd recommend skipping the hot sauce, which drowns out the flavor of the chicken.Large portions.I almost dropped the rating to 2 stars, because they use styrofoam containers for everything, even if you eat there.  Come on, guys; at least use something recyclable.
3	Since I was in Scotland, I figured that I should go to a proper chippy and try a deep fried Mars Bar for myself. This one happened to be just down the street from where I was staying, so I naturally had to come by here.Place looks like a typical greasy spoon. The cooks and the counter people were all friendly. I ordered a veggie burger for myself, which came out quickly and was pretty good. I then got my Mars Bar to go, but not before the counter person slathered caramel sauce all over it. The Mars Bar was actually pretty good and not nearly as horrible as I thought it was going to be. I was expecting an explosion of grease and chocolate in my mouth, but it had cooled down (the concoction was taken from a display case on the counter) and I was actually able to enjoy it. Not bad.Overall: 2.5 stars, rounded up to 3 stars. I think this place is open until midnight also.
2	The disco chippy!!! I had heard so many good things about this place. Dj booming out music while customers danced as they  waited for their pizzas, fish suppers, kebabs, etc. Sadly when I was there the dj was missing but they were playing house music tunes, although sadly nobody was dancing. Music aside this place is very average food wise. They do every genre of takeaway food, but are masters of none. The pizza I had was decent enough after a day of drinking for 12 hours and it soaked up some of the beer, but that's as far as I can go. Worth a novelty visit for a laugh and some stodgy food, but nothing beyond that.
2	The famous Edinburgh Disco Chippy. Yes that's right I said Disco. Set out like a hostel bar pictures of punters up on the walls, really bad techno music blaring and everybody is ordering salt n sauce?? Pizza, kebabs and sausage suppers not the greatest but does the job after a day of booze. They have their own Edinburgh sauce ( hp with VINEGAR) I knew they couldn't live without it. Worth a novelty visit but nothing spectacular.
