5	I came here to have my wisdom teeth removed. Everything here is excellent! The staff are very friendly and helped me calm down when I was nervous. The place is so clean and surgeries run like clockwork. When I was feeling pain in recovery, the nurses were very quick to give me pain medication. If you ever need surgery, you will be in good hands here.
5	My 10 yr old daughter broke her arm and needed to be put to sleep to put the bone in place and place pins. Like any mother I was a nervous wreck, my kid has never had to do anything major in her life. And my daughter is scared but never showed it just kept smiling. Once we got back there the pre op nurses were so great with her. Talking to her, explaining to her what they were going to do and everything. Making her feel very comfortable. I was very impressed. Post op nurses were just as great, when I got in there she had ice on her arm, they had gave her pain meds. They had already requested a water and a Popsicle for her. The nurses. The dr. And all the staff made the experience amazing for my daughter.  1 1/2 weeks later we were back due to having to add another pin to her arm. All the nurses remembered my daughter. The pre op nurse from the first time came over and gave my daughter a little stuffed dog with a bandage on it's left paw so they both match. The nurses the 2nd time around were just amazing as before. They really know how to take the edge off. Patient about to go into surgery. I highly recommend this center to anyone!
4	My visit to Specialty Surgery Center was as pleasant as it could be under the circumstances.  I was there to have a cataract removed and this is where my doctor operates.  This is a sister property to the Las Vegas Surgery Center near Charleston and Rancho.After signing in just before 7 AM, I waited for about 5 minutes when my name was called and I was shown to my prep area.  All the standard things were done by a very nice nurse who was very easy going and efficient.  The rooms were spotless and everyone was looking out for my needs.I shortly met the nurse for the operation and then the anesthesiologist came by to introduce himself.  After vitals were taken and the line was put in my wrist, I was wheeled to the room where the operation took place.Since my head was taped to its resting block, I couldn't tell you what it look like except for the stunningly bright lights above.  A half hour later, I was wheeled to recovery where I hopped off the bed and sat in a chair until my ride came.Everyone at the Specialty Surgery Center was polite, friendly, and competent people.  I imagine I'll be seeing them in a few months for the other eye.  I won't mind going and I won't be as apprehensive as I was this morning.
4	Overall, we had a very nice relaxed experience. Very friendly and knowledgable staff. Surgery was scheduled at 12:30 pm. Was half hour behind schedule, so that's really my only complaint. But that's normal for doctors offices these days. All nurses were wonderful and took amazing care of our 2 year old son.
4	The day before I'm supposed to go to San Jose my friend texts me and asks me if I can take him to his surgery... at 6am!We get here around 530am and its super quiet and dead. The check in nurse was very nice and gave him papers to fill out. We sat there watching CNN for a while and he was called for his surgery. I sat there for 2 hours and watched the tv and crazy people in the waiting room. The room is actually very clean and has some spacious chairs, vending machines and a bathroom are also there.A little while later his doctor came out and let me know he was alright and they were just waiting for his meds to wear off. His nurse came out 30mins later and she was seriously the nicest lady ever! We exchanged stories about my friends hbp and her hubbys! She explained everything to me and I signed off on his papers. We waited a little until the helper came to let us out and walk us to the car (that way my friend wouldn't drive off all drugged up!)The staff here are all super super nice and the location is quiet and easy to find. Yay!
