5	They are at the Fresh 52 markets and make some amazing vegetarian food. We are addicts and need our veggie fix weekly. Besides being amazing chefs they are amazing people.  They are both into Yoga and healthy living as well as a nice dose of Physics. Anyone who knows who Brian Greene is rocks my world.  Some of the small biz in town only use Facebook so here is their page. http://www.facebook.com/vegoutlasvegas?sk=info
4	Hooray for another veg-friendly place in Vegas!  And this place is all-vegan too, so double hoorays! I had originally seen this booth at the Las Vegas Farmer's Markets on Tuesday and Wednesdays this past summer and got a few things from them.  But a couple months ago they had moved to the Fresh 52 Markets (Saturday and Sunday) and I hadn't had the chance to check it out until just a week or so ago.  Naturally, I had to make a stop to say hello and see what kind of veggie goodies they were offering.Their menu changes weekly and this particular day they were offering chili, quinoa, and a garbanzo bean soup.  They offer samples of everything and they are more than happy to let you try them all.  While I liked the chili and quinoa, I was in a soupy kind of mood and got some of the garbanzo bean to take home.  It's a flavorful broth with lots of veggies and garbanzos to warm your belly on a (not so) cold Vegas winter night.  The place was packed with what appeared to be regular customers, including one lady that was practically begging them to make some kind of yam soup for the next week's market.  I'm pretty curious to try it now after listening to her...When I first saw them this past summer, they were offering a few different types of hummus that I really liked.  I asked them when they'll be offering these again and they said that they are going to have them when it gets warmer out.  Right now they are offering more soups and such for the colder months.Oh, and did I mention they have cakes and cupcakes that are made with 100% whole wheat??  I didn't think I was going to like them (I'm vegetarian, but I'm not a health nut by any means) but they are actually super.  I was pretty sad when they didn't offer any this last time I saw them.It's yummy, good for you, and made by a small local company.  The owners are really sweet and more than happy to answer any questions you have, be it about their food or about veganism in general.$4-ish for desserts, $6-ish for soups/stews/chilis, $3-ish for beverages.
5	Stephanie and Justin are the best!!! Their food is amazing!!!! My boyfriend and I are vegetarians, we try to be vegan a majority of the time, and I am gluten free.... Very few restaurants cater to us and it gets to be very overwhelming cooking all of the time... Thank goodness for Vegout! Their food is so delicious! It is extremely convenient and healthy too!  We depend on them so much for quick meals and work lunches! Most of their food is freezable, gluten free, and the ingredients are listed right on the label so you know exactly what you are eating.They are located at fresh 52 farmers markets, they are local and are really good about using other vendors products in their own creations! They are amazing people! They glow with passion for what they do and are have samples of everything for you to try before you buy! Trust me... you will not be disappointed!
5	Nice people and delicious vegan food. Their spinach and artichoke dip and nacho cheese are amazing. Everything is low fat and labeled for common allergies. We love veg out!
5	Veg Out rocks my world! I go and buy their food just to see their smiles, Justin and Stephanie are genuinely friendly people who always have the greatest attitude. There is always such a pleasant vibe surrounding the booth.      The food is always amazing, at this point I can't be bothered with the free samples but it is nice for other people who are getting into eating quality food. For me it is perfect as I don't have the time usually to prepare a proper meal so I depend on them quite a bit. They always start from scratch using the finest ingredients and prepare every meal with love like a mother would for her child. That's what I love so much about the food they sell, it reminds me of proper home made meals Mum used to make.
5	VEG OUT is the best ever!!! Not only are they 100% vegan but they do oil free on most of their food and list all allergies in food and often don't use them. Their food is super delish. As if that wasn't enough Justin and Stephaine the rockstar creators are AMAZING people who are always willing to share their smile and ear if you have any questions. They use a lot of local food to make their goodies and you can bring back you plastic containers they will recycle them for you. They also offer yummy teas, dark hot chocolate, fruit infused water and sweet treats as well. You just can go wrong with these two. Check em out at the Farmers Market. On thursdays at Springs preserve. Saturday at Trivolli, and Sundays at eastern and just south of 215 in the same plaza as BJ's. You won't be sorry. The herb garbanzo soup is a must as well as the chocolate lava cake.
5	Awesome food! Awesome People! Awesome environment! Awesome creativity! Just pure Awesomeness :D !!! We Love Veg Out! I love the fact that everything is clearly marked, while everything is Vegan not everything contains soy (as vegans my husband and I have issues with overdoing the soy sometimes), the food is creative and flavorful without being overpowering, they offer samples and seem to come up with new things often...Our favorites are: ALL the dips and sauces, the Thai Tea, the brownies, and the oatmeal burgers are an absolute necessary ingredient for my homemade chilli.......Just Amazing Period :)
5	This place rocks. Awesome food, delicious and nutritious. Awesome people, friendly and informative. Finding the farmers market and Veg Out was the highlight of my recent trip to Vegas.
5	So I'm a full-fledged meat and animal product eater and enjoyer, and in lifetimes passed, I've never been able to understand how people could survive without cheese, bacon, butter... but Veg-Out really impresses me with their flavors and even fake-out dishes.Their Mackin' Cheese, while obviously not filled with cheese and butter and cream or even oil, is truly delicious. And as my Yelp handle implies, I don't take my M&C lightly.  You can find them all over the valley at the different farmers' markets, and being able to taste everything first is awesome - especially for vegan skeptics like me :)  But I've enjoyed everything I've tried there - soups, curries, hummus, grains, desserts... And Stephanie and Justin, the two super kind owners, really know their stuff. You can ask them anything and they are happy to share - you can tell they really love what they do!
5	Being vegan and gluten free makes me feel great, but it is hard to find dishes or even have the time to cook a dish that fits my eating requirements.  I found Veg Out while walking the farmers markets.  I fell in love with the first sample of sweet almond rice!  They have amazing delicious food that is gluten and dairy free!  Since I am trying to watch my calorie intake, I always ask about calorie counts and they have a good estimate for me.  I know that it might be annoying, but I like to know what I am eating!  Every week they have a new selection of foods, labeled with ingredients and expiration dates.  My favorite so far has been the sweet almond rice and the not so cheeze sauce!  I used that on veggies, tofu, noodles, it was great!  This week I bought spinach artichoke dip and tamales.  The couple that creates the dishes is very kind, they take credit cards (thank gosh) since I do not always have cash on me.  they post on their facebook page a few days in advance what they will be having for the week.  The only thing they don't have is the gluten free cake and cookies!  They said they are working on recipes for them, I can't wait to try it!If you are at any Fresh52 farmers markets make sure you visit the Veg Out booth.  You will not be let down!
5	Best vegan food ever!! Even non-vegans will enjoy! Desserts are so yummy too!
5	Veg Out is AWESOME... I've been to their booth twice so far. They are at the Farmers Market @ Town Square on Friday's and @ Tivoli Village on Saturdays.  They are somewhere in Henderson (I think)on Sundays.  So far, I've tried their 3 bean chili, chocolate brownie, and hot chocolate.  Everything is vegan and they even cook without oil...(except for their sweets).  It's totally healthy and yummy.  they even offer free samples and their items change every week.The owner shared his story with me when he was a kid and why his family decided to be vegan.  Him and his wife both seem very nice and passionate about the vegan lifestyle.Veg Out is tag teaming with Two Scoops and Boba who makes vegan ice cream.  I think they plan to have VEGAN ice cream sandwich cookies and brownie sundaes... whoop whoop! I can't wait for this!
5	I've literally stalked Veg Out online for two weeks now based on my fellow yelpers glowing reviews.  For some reason I thought it was a restaurant at first, but rather a booth at the Farmers Markets.  Stephanie & Justin are awesome, extremely helpful, and pleasant!!I am a Vegetarian & Gluten-Free, but avoid dairy and since I don't cook, they hook me up big time.  They make amazing food, African Yam Stew is one of my faves- but they'll let you try anything they sell. I'm very blessed for their delicious concoctions, thank you so much you two, you rock my socks!!!See ya next weekend :)
5	Every time  I go to the Farmer's market... I have to buy something from Veg Out.  The last time I was there, I brought the cheesy broccoli soup and spicy chocolate cake.  I love how the cheesy broccoli soup has nothing to do with cheese.  They make their own cheese with spices and nutritional yeast.  And I just fell in love with the spicy chocolate cake!!  Everything is so so healthy and they never disappoint!  Check their booth next time you are at the Farmer's market.
5	These are profoundly real, profoundly committed, profoundly creative and profoundly knowledgeable people who serve really wonderful food.  I go out of my way to get their delicious food on Fridays at the Fresh 52 Town Square Farmers' Market.  I look forward to their nourishment, their smiles and their zest for life.  I love their commitment in sharing their amazingly healthy foods with the world.Check out this example:  Confetti Quinoa! Fill yourself with healthy, whole foods like organic quinoa, zucchini, black beans, tomatoes, organic peas, parsley with lots of great spices.Nothing artificial, nothing fake, nothing but really healthy ingredients prepared expertly in a highly attractive and delicious manner.rick passo @LVHelpGro @VegOutLasVegas here is my @Yelp review http://www.yelp.com/biz/veg-out-las-vegas-2#hrid:btysSaYmTh0XWELJokibaQ ... no better people, no better food. period. questions? https://www.facebook.com/vegoutlasvegas
5	I've only been  to Veg Out on Saturdays at Trivoli, but it's amazing. I read their ABOUT ME on their website and it's such a cute love story. First time here, I got the nacho average cheese sauce and it was so tasty! Last week, I came for their bean dip and it  didn't disappoint. Prices for both were 5 bucks for an 8 oz which seems to be reasonable for me. Great vegan food!
5	Such great organic, healthful, & delicious vegan food!  Newly vegan (again) and loving it!   Food is so good that even the non-vegans, aka my hubby, enjoys their offeringsI love how each week there's a new menu to choose from. I go to Fresh52 Farmer's Market on Sundays, and stock up on Veg Outs food for my lunch food for the week. So conveniently packaged to take to work, or have something nutritious to eat at home, with no hassle & fuss.
5	I love Veg Out! They have deliciously amazing cashew cheese. Also, on a cold night their hot chocolate is splendid. Its nice to get real food.
5	This place is hands down some of the best food I've ever tasted. And, it's made with love!
3	I keep sampling their vegan mac and cheese every time I see their booth and am always disappointed... it really doesn't taste a thing like mac'n'cheese but I will still give them 3 stars (3 and a half if I could) for the effort.  I think what they're doing is great though!
