5	Visiting Vape Distrct was awesome! I got a chance to taste all the flavors I was interested in and couldn't choose just one to buy. I must have asked Lou, the store manager, 30 questions since I didn't know very much about vaping. The staff was friendly and knowledgeable and they have so many flavors!
5	Best place I have found in town so far. Very friendly and helpful. They take very good care of their customers from the first visit. Try the Li Hing Mui.
2	I went there a few weeks ago... I was disappointed that they didn't have a lot in stock in flavors for zero nicotine n 6mg nicotine... I've also noticed that their juice burns in my ego-t... Using menthol is the only way I could vape without the annoying burning taste... N I clean my tanks so my ego isn't the problem... Customer service is awesome but the product isn't... Sorry...Btw, District Vape has flavors no other vape store has... I still refer people for that reason... I hope when I go back, they have more of what I'm looking for... My son likes it so I'm good...
5	Vape Distrct currently shares the same building with a tattoo, barber, and dance studio, i find it kind of funny. But regardless of location, the products are not bad at all. Prices are typical for local and they sell a brand of liquid i have not tried before, till now. I bought myself a flavor called ubeezzy, a ube flavored e-Juice, i love it.Had a great overall experience, Shame they don't have lounge couches like other vape shops as i would have liked to sit down and avoid the hot weather. Definitely a place i will recommend a friend and to get more e-juice.
4	Love it how you have plenty or parking spaces! It's interesting how the shop is set up. They have a dance studio, a barber shop and recording studio I think?
3	Vape Distrct is not only a vape shop, but is a "lifestyle" type compound of sorts in the Liberace plaza. The Distrct is a collective of a dance studio, a barbershop, a tattoo parlour, a apparel shop, and a vape store. They have the usual starter kits and some clones and mid priced mechanical mods and have a small area to drill attys. Juice they carry is DIY Flavor Shack, Shark Juice and I believe 1-2 brands more so not a whole lot in brands but carry a lot of flavors of each brand. I checked out a few of their mechanical mods and the guy helping us was very helpful and nice. I don't doubt you can get good service here. My bone to pick is while they want to have this unique compound it has to be done right that flows. When you walk in is the vape store with the dance studio to the right and the other stuff to the left/down the hallway. If you picture a office with a lobby and a receptionist, the vape store is basically where that is at. There were people standing right by the door and if I wanted to look at the side of the display to see the juices, I am standing in the hallway basically, blocking the way to the tattoo, barber shop, apparel stores. It was a tad loud. There was a class going on in the dance studio and the door is open. Someone was getting a tattoo and I can hear the buzz of the machines. The guy helping us mentioned the office right behind him will be tore down to make more space for the vape shop. I think that will help it a lot to have more space to stand, and to add places to sit down and lounge. It's not a bad store, there are elements that are positive, but I like peace and taking my time with finding juices and mods so a place that has a lot going on isn't my preferred type of shop. Will visit in the future once it expands.
5	Great place to get everything done in one location. My young adult sons get their haircuts, dance and buy their vape accessories here. Great place to talk to people, meet new people and making connections. They all have great spirit and even go out there to festivals to show what vapes are all about. The people working there know their products and they have most products that other vape shops don't carry. This is a must go to place if you are into vaping!!!!
5	Great place to go. Amazing selection, great and affordable prices. Customer service by Gabriel Victorio is A+++
5	Distrct is the only place I go to for any of my vape needs. They have a great variety of juices at an affordable price. If you need a rebuild for your mod, talk to Gabe. Distrct is also a barber shop, tattoo parlor, and a dance studio so check that out as well. Overall good place to go to with good service.
5	Love the flavors, environment and location. Been to quite a few vape shops and vape distrct has been the shop ta handle my vape needs. Of all the employees, Gabriel Victorio had been the exemplary employee to assist me withy vape needs. Great suggestions and offered me the right products. Excellent service Gabriel.
5	I accidentally tightened my screws too tight and cut the coil tonight, so I Yelped vape shops around me to get a quick fix. To my surprise, I found out Vape District was right across the street from my apartments. Uhm hello?! Where have you been all my life! Haha. I was too lazy to go around and buy the stuff to rebuild it myself so Vince was super awesome and did it for me! Did I mention he was super awesome?! I came in to get my coils fixed, but left with juices and a new tip.I've been on a forever search for a lotus tip and they had it! Ahh finally! I was a happy camper. They also have good flavors. (Sorry Vince for trying almost all of 'em! How annoying. Lol.) Their bottles of juice is $10.99 or 3 for $25. Of course, I ended up getting 3. One I got is Flavor Shacks Menthol, so I can menthol my other flavors up. Another is Shark Juice's Blue Clouds, which is 100% VG. I guess it produces bigger clouds, although I have yet to try it. Lastly I got, Shark Juice's Ubeezzy. It's a... Wait for it.. UBE & MACAPUNO flavored juice. I died when I saw that. Haha. Soooo filipino.A dance studio, vape spot, barber, and tattoo shop.. So cool ! By far the best shop I been to in Vegas and has great customer service.
1	Staff is friendly but in comparison to other vape shops nearby they are completely amateur. I guess people think it's cool that it's a tattoo/barber/dance studio/vape store but I am telling you- jack of all trades and master of NONE.They sell cheaply made overpriced mods. I bought a higher end mod here because I saw they had positive reviews, took it home and it immediately malfunctioned and made weird noises while using it. Took it back to the shop and they wouldn't refund it so they sent me home with a second rate mod and some juices. Also one of the staff who was building a coil for the mod totally did a half rate job and I had to take it somewhere else to have it fixed and was shown how to build it properly for myself.This place is just sub par in comparison to Sin City Vape which is the ONLY one I in the area I will give my patronage to from now on. Don't waste your money here.
