5	I had a baby 10 months after I first walked into Dr. Sher's office.
5	Dr Sher is a pioneer in fertility. He does a simple immunologic test that identified the likely reason why my 4 previous IVF attempts had failed. Both the test and solution are simple and inexpensive, so why other fertility doctors do not do it is a mystery. I am so glad I didn't waste any more money anywhere else! Dr Sher is also the pioneer of using Viagra to treat thin uterine lining which also contributed to my success getting pregnant on my first attempt with him. The fact that Sher Institute constantly breaks ground and leads the way in fertility contributed to my 5 star scoring, but the BEST PART of my experience was Dr Sher himself (and his staff).  He genuinely cares about his patients. He took the time to get to know me. I felt like his favorite patient  (but I suspect he makes everyone feel that way) From our very first phone consultation, he has encouraged me to call his CELL PHONE with any questions...When was the last time you were given a doctors cell number?...I highly recommend Dr. Sher. In fact the entire staff was great at the Sher institute, Las Vegas.
5	At 36; I had never been pregnant. I walked into his office in April 2010. I had a baby boy January 2011!
1	If I can do 0 stars I would. This is the worst fertility practice I've been too. Especially the front desk, not to point any fingers but TINA should NOT be working in a place like this. I was suppose to start my treatment in July and was suppose to receive a call prior to that which was in March 2014 and guess what? It's 8/26/14 Znd I still haven't received a phone call. I have made several calls and TINA and the manager SHARON promise every single time to call me back and they never did. I referred 3 patients here and after my experience I decided to let them know his terrible they're. Not to mention but they where very rude when I told them that I've been trying to start my treatment and needed to see the dr. They said he didn't have time to consult but will start the treatment next day? What?! I mean I'm paying you $15,000 and I can't even have a word with the dr?! Please don't go here. I'm also in the medical field and this is so wrong, everything about this practice seems very fishy
5	Thank You Mr. Sher. Good experience. Friendly people in the office.Before to go there I search all fertility center in the world. After calculate the total, best clinic was next block from my home.I recommend this center for all families who wants to change there life.Now I mother of two wonderful kids (twins). Me and my husband happiest .people in the world.
