1	The receptionist at Kings Appliance  is arrogant and not very helpful. She confirmed appointment for my appliance between the time between 12 and 4. The repairmen were a no call no show for my repair after I waited until 5pm. When I called the Kings Appliance back, she took no responsibility for their missing my appointment on their schedule. Please avoid Kings Appliance.
1	Absolutely horrible customer service. Had an appointment betweeen 10a-3p. I began calling the company at 1:30 to find out what time they estimated. Called every 30m after that. Left a message each time. Maria finallly answered at 3:15p and had to call the technician. Maria finally called me back at 3:30 to tell me the technician was 30m away and would need at least 40m to repair the door. Unfortunately, I needed to leave my house at 4:30p to make kids soccer practice. Maria acted like I was inconveniencing them to make them reschedule. She said "we give you a 30m call ahead of time. No one says you have to stay at home." Only use them if you are desperate!
1	The worst experience I ever had was with Kings Appliance Repair.  They came out to fix my Refrigerator/Freezer that had quit working.  They diagnosed The technician said he would be back the next day between one and 4 pm.  He did not show.  I called Kings and Maria told me they had to order the part and it would be Friday or Saturday.  They would call me when they got the part.  No call came.  I called back today.  Had to leave a message.  Maria called me back to tell me they had closed the ticket.  That there was no problem with my refrigerator.  LIARS. They sent the notification the my warranty company that there was no problem.   I have the actual repair order that they gave to me.  It states:  the problem as needing a defrost heater and defrost bi-differential. The part was ordered.   My freezer is totally frosted over.  I turned off the freezer to reduce the frost accumulated.  They scammed the warranty company and myself.  They are NOT TO BE TRUSTED!!!  ****The worst part is I have extremely sensitive medication in my refrigerator.
1	Shame on Maria and Kings Appliance. One star is too many for this place. Maria in the office can't be trusted and was not accountable for her mistakes. It began when I filed a home warranty claim and Kings took two business days to call me back. When I finally spoke to someone to schedule the appointment, I was told the technician will arrive between 10am-2pm, and the call ended. So I expected a knock on the door or a ring of the bell between 10am-2pm- I purposely had someone at the residence waiting for Kings arrival. 1pm rolled around and I received two voicemails during a meeting stating that since I've missed their call, the appointment is now cancelled. The fact is, I was NOT told to expect a call prior to the techs arrival. Kings never even asked for my number because if they had asked, knowing I'd be busy all day, I would've provided the number to the person so kindly waiting at the home. Maria was unapologetic for the mess, condescending and flat out lied about the phone call stating, "now you know we always call prior to arrival". Excuse me- I know? How the heck am I to know this important piece of info? I do not work there, I've not ever used this company before and I was never told to expect a call. And why would the office call prior to the arrival as opposed to the tech? Maria was nasty, not empathetic for her mistake and the frustration that it caused. She's a liar, unprofessional and deserves every piece of karma coming her way. And the service contract she has with the home warranty co. should be cancelled and shredded out of common decency to the paying clients of the home warranty company that must deal with such childish behavior.
5	My experience with this company has been great! They came out to my home and resolved the issue with my dishwasher in a timely manner. Maria is very friendly and pleasant to work with. The tech was punctual and the quality of work is awesome. I will recommend this company to everyone needing appliance repairs;)
5	Maria is great! She scheduled the tech to  come out to my property and fix my broken refrigerator the same day I called for service.  They were in and out in less than 30 minutes and I am very satisfied with their work and customer service. I would highly recommend to all:)
1	I had an appointment with them for Thursday and that's after I wait for two days for this appointment The appointment was between 1-5 they never show up and when I call them they told me they going to call me before they come Nobody call me or show up I lost a whole day of work and nothing been done
5	I was a little concerned,seeing some of the earlier reviews....Was VERY pleased with Kings.They were on time,fixed the problem quickly.Would use them again.Marie on phone very efficient and polite.Tony fixed our refrigerator and was very informative....Thank you Kings....Mrs Wood
