5	This review is based on this location's truck delivery alone. I jumped on their 50% off patio furniture sale last month and I took advantage of their delivery for $56. As long as you order everything online, they will deliver it all for that one fee...even if they have to make multiple trips. Score!If that isn't fantastic enough, when the delivery guys came, they even took extra time to put together my furniture. Seriously, that saved me hours of work and frustration. They were so nice to do it and they took the cardboard boxes with them. The managers that called to schedule the deliveries or confirm a return were so courteous! They didn't waste any time getting me my items. t could not have asked for a more smooth process and enjoyable online purchase!
5	I  live in Long Beach, CA and ordered a tree over the phone for a friend who lives in Charlotte.  The employees at this Lowes were very helpful and worked with my budget so they could have a tree this Christmas.  Great Job
5	Lowe's is the closest home improvement store to our house. Even so we had to drive out to Walmart on S. Tryon to look for a special mouse trap that my wife insisted that they carried. Of course they didn't have. I suggested that we try Lowe's. We went to the one near the house where they had a lot of the sticky traps she wanted. Lowe's is the best place that I've found for just about anything having to do with the house at a good price.
4	I went to Lowes looking for some firewood for a recently purchased fire pit for our backyard. Turns out firewood is pretty hard to find when the weather gets warm..I didn't see any bundles out front, but after speaking with 3 employees, and walking around the store I was met with a very kind Lowes employee who walked with me to the back, where they had a pallet of firewood that they hadn't set out yet. He then walked me all the way up to checkout so that I wouldn't have to carry the two bundles myself. I thought this was a great gesture that he would go so far out of his way to help me. The wood was cheap too - $5 a bundle. I think this is where we will be buying our fire wood from now on.
3	This isn't my usual Lowe's but the one I wanted couldn't find the lumber that I needed so they sent me here. Where we learned that railroad ties are stored outside because a) they weigh too much to steal and b) they stink to high heaven.The people were very friendly and offered to help me load the dang things but I realized quickly that there was no way I could get them out of my car when I got home. Hell, I think three people would be challenged to move these things. We'll have to try something else to keep the dogs from tunneling under the fence.Aside from the lumber, this is a pretty standard layout for a big box home improvement store and they have pretty much anything you could possibly need, from power tools to doors to drywall and wiring. And buckets more. Prices are good, but I would suggest that you check your local Wal-Mart first if you're price-sensitive.
3	I don't frequent home improvement stores, as I am an apartment dweller and really only go outside to get to and from different indoor locations.  I don't have plants or flowers and am not handy enough to build window boxes to put under windows I never open.My boss sent me on a field trip to find wooden stakes for vampires.  Or for signs that need to be posted at work.  We'll go with stakes needed for signs (you're safe for now, Vampire Eric - as long as you stay naked!).  I looked up what we needed online and saw that this Lowe's had what I was looking for.  I didn't call ahead to confirm though (mistake).  I printed out the webpage for what we were looking for and brought it to the friendly young woman at the Customer Service desk, she punched some buttons on the computer, made a phone call inquiring as to their location and said "if we have them" where they would be.  They didn't have what I was looking for, but I found a comparable item.  Easy to find, friendly staff, though they didn't have the exact item I was looking for they did have a similar item, clean store... it was A-OK.
1	My husband and I have always been big fans of Lowe's, so when we needed a new toilet where else would we go? They heavily promote the $99 installation, which worked for us. Through the selection and sales process they could not have been more helpful and friendly, but afterwards? I will never use Lowe's for installation ever again. I was told to expect a call within 48 hours to setup delivery and install. That call may come sooner, but they load down the contractors, so be patient. I was patient. Now, a week later, I have lost all patience. I have called the store to check in, and I am given the run around and absolutely no answer on when I can expect the call to even setup the installation. If it takes this long to SCHEDULE the installation, how long will it take for us to actually have our toilet? Called again this morning to check on the status. After the man (same nice guy who sold us the toilet!) puts me on hold for 10 minutes because he has "too much going on right now", he comes back and tells me that someone will be calling me this morning. Morning is almost over, no call, blood pressure rising...
