4	The ham, egg, and three cheese crepe fed me for two days and, in all reality, could have probably fed me for three!  It was much better on day one, but it was probably one of the best crepes I've ever had in my life.  It was like eating a crepe from a street cart in France (only a bit more expensive).  Also, there's lots of good modest egg decor which just made me happy.  I did have to knock a star off because the service was just that bad.  We didn't see our waiter for a solid 30+ minutes after finishing our food, and we were pretty limited on time.
4	I've been to this Eggspectations many times, and it's consistently good. Sometimes the service is a bit spotty, but the food has always been great and the portions, healthy.Today the kiddies and I came for lunch. They each ordered a BLT and small side salad, and one kid ordered a poached egg as well. The sandwiches were fantastic (although they were made without mayonnaise, and the waiter didn't bring the mayo out with the meals, we had to ask for it separately), and the salads were good and light (although you couldn't really taste any salad dressing on them). Our waiter forgot the poached egg as well, but after a mid-meal reminder to him, he brought it out. It was perfect. I ordered their classic eggs Benedict, and it was probably the best eggs Benedict I've ever had, ever. My kids tried it and also raved about it: perfectly cooked poached eggs, perfect Hollandaise sauce (light, and the perfect amount), exactly how this dish is supposed to be. The accompanying potatoes were also cooked to perfection. I only wish this restaurant served Coke products instead of Pepsi (but that's my personal bias).As a side note, the bathrooms down the hall from this restaurant are amazing (I take note of these things!). I'm not sure if they're new or have been renovated in the last year or so (it's been quite a few years since I've been in town and have been to this restaurant), but the bathrooms are new since I've been here last. They have a lot of stalls, all are immaculate, and they are very contemporary, with a dispenser for cleaners beside each toilet, and an automated disposal for feminine products also beside each toilet. (Sorry if this is TMI, but my kids and I've never seen these types of fixtures in public restrooms before, and we were enthrall end and amazed! LOL).
4	Si vous etes au centre Rockland et avez le gout d'un bon dejeuner, c'est la meilleur place. Menu interessant, prix abordable, service courtois et rapide, acces en ascenseur possible, donc parfait pour les gens en mobilite reduite. La nourriture etait bonne et il y a des assietes originales!
4	It's anchored at the bottom level of the Rockland shopping mall. We both had 'Le Classique' breakfast dish. Eggs, toasts, home fries, baked beans and a side of cured meat. I intended a more befitted story to tell but it is what you would EGGspect.
