4	Things Remembered is that gift store filled with stuff that you can buy for anyone, but would never buy for yourself.  Everything is reasonably priced, but Things Remembered does get you with the engraving prices. It's not excessive, but it's the only reason someone would actually buy from this store.  But overall, you can still get away with a pretty good deal on a "personalized" gift.The store is well set up. It's quite spacious, with the more feminine items on the left and the more masculine and gender neutral items on the right.  The sales girl I dealt with was very friendly, and she almost read my mind when it came to what I wanted for the font and design on the engraving.It only took an hour.  So come here first, have lunch, do the rest of your shopping and your purchase will be ready.
5	I used the Things Remembered online site to order a graduation gift. It originally arrived engraved on the wrong orientation (I ordered  a frame landscape, it was engraved portrait). I was initially disappointed, but it only took a quick response to the email I'd received as receipt, and I had a new frame! This one was correctly oriented, on my doorstep literally 2 days later.I really appreciated both the product (exactly what I was looking for) and especially the customer service. Thanks Things Remembered!
3	Ordered some beer mugs and they only had one of the four made up when I arrived.  I had to come back the next day for the other three.
4	I found the place overpriced but a good place for sentimental gifts that I had engraved. I feel these gifts may well be Things Remembered.
4	Things remembered is THE place to go for all your souvenir and personalization needs! They do customized engraving on any of the items you buy, making it extra special for that recipient. During my layover they were able to help me get a souvenir engraved with enough time to catch my flight. The staff in this location just seem average, but the get the job done and that's enough for me. I rate this 4 stars and not 5 due to the lack of font options for engraving and the quality.of the engraving. I feel the price is a bit steep, especially for such a small item.
