4	This is my favorite pizza in the Valley.  Make sure to try the white pizza.  I got one bad pizza and we had a work function here that wasn't well organized, but I let that slide because I like the pizza so much.  Nice and thin, charred blistery crust from the coal oven.  I prefer the bar area.  Check it out.
4	really great pizza.  atmosphere is fun ... a little fancier than your regular pizza place.  but the price is still very reasonable.  would have given 5 stars if the service was better.  our server was actually quite rude.  but i won't judge the whole place on one bad apple ;)  the pizza and house wine is worth another trip.
4	This place was pretty good.  The pizza was a thick pan and the crust was fantastic.  Their supreme pizza is really good and just loaded with toppings.  There is a happy hour that has some good deals.  Our server was kind of a jerk but the other servers were nice.  There are some TVs to watch the game as well.
4	I like Oregano's. I mean, I really like Oregano's. Rare is the occasion that I will not go there for pizza when the urge hits. The problem, it seems, is that everyone likes Oregano's. That usually means terribly long stretches spent in the Boom Boom Room trying to ease the suffering with glass after glass of Sierra Nevada. Yes, poor baby. It usually works. But on a recent occasion when my parents were visiting from out of town, the 120-minute wait time about 8:30 on a Wednesday night was too much to bear.I've gotten stuck in this trap before. Read the review of Bada Boom Pasta Room to find out what happened the last time I didn't want to wait for a table and went searching for something faster. But wait at Oregano's we were not going to do. So, with heavy hearts and empty stomachs (as the clich might go), up the street we went to Patsy Grimaldi's.Seating was immediate, albeit cramped. The server was polite, pleasant and attentive. They even had Sierra Nevada, though I refrained and instead drove down about a half dozen Diet Cokes. We talked and took in the comforting environment before loading up on tasty pizza. While Oregano's may not be damned, count me in as a Patsy Grimaldi's fan.Free street parking is available nearby at the downtown Scottsdale location we were at that night. Galleries and kitschy shops provide entertainment if you're not out too late. And, of course, there are plenty of bars to belly up to after the food fun.
4	not a bad place for pizza... it is very infomral and the pizza is good... they have a nice beer selection... if you want to get a pie, beer and salad in Old Town and that is all you really want this is the place... the menu is baiscally pizza, beer and salad... but all good...
4	I will venture to call Grimaldi's a 'down-low' gem, though down-low is misleading. It is in the heart of Old Town, near Nello's and a cluster of other restaurants. However, I am inclined to dub it DL for the pure and simple reason that it never seems to be that crowded. Considering its location, you would think pizza of this caliber would justifiably command a short wait at the bar or outside on almost any night, but it has just never come to that in my experiences here. It always has a handful of people splotched around the bar and dining room, but I have never once felt cramped or rushed in my times visiting. I get the sensation that it just hasn't caught on yet, but that soon many of the Oregano's faithful will add it to their restaurant rotation, and before long it will be just as jumpin' as its neighbor.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by Grimaldi's.  We came here for a work function, with lots of nibbles for all of course.  I'm normally not a thin pizza girl, but that's the only kind they'd gotten for the event.  It was actually pretty good.  Good enough I might think about ordering it if/when I go there again.  If it were more in the neighborhood for me I know I'd have made it back there by now!  The setting is casual, but nice enough you could bring a casual date here.  And unlike so many things on Scottsdale road, it's not overly pretentious and it's easy to find.  And the prices aren't over the top either.  We were there for happy hour/early dinner time on a Friday and there were TONS of available tables.  I'm shocked that this place isn't packed every night.
5	A few years back and before this place popped up in Old Town, I spent a week in New York City.  Having studied my trusty Fodor's guide (pre-Yelp era, of course), I knew that one of the most well-regarded pizza dinners awaited me under the Brooklyn Bridge on Old Fulton St.  Walking there, my friends and I met a lonely drifter who followed behind the group, promising not to stab us.  He just wanted some company.We found Grimaldi's, said goodbye to our shady new friend, and had a delicious meal.  At the time, I didn't know if I really enjoyed the food or I just really enjoyed that I was eating it under the Brooklyn Bridge in New York City.  I just knew that the restaurant found itself near the top of my "things to tell my friends back home about my trip even though they are just nodding politely waiting for me to finish" list.Less than a year later, I'm driving down Scottsdale Road and I see the sign.  No way!  The same Grimaldi's?!  My girlfriend and I had to try it again.Same result.  Delicious brick-oven pizza.  Great atmosphere.  Great wine list.Another time, I went there for my birthday and they put our group in the "Patsy Room."  If you want a quieter and more separated dining experience, ask about it.  I thought it was nice.  There are some other locations around town, but this one is my favorite.
4	This place has great pizza! The atmosphere is nice, with a long bar and an open kitchen so you can watch them put the pizza's in the large brick oven. Try your pizza with sun dried tomatoes, meatballs and risotto-- so good on that delicious crust. The only reason I didn't give them five stars is because I find it so damn irritating that they have the menu on the place mats, but when you sit down there is always a plate over it that you have to move to read the menu! It gets really awkward with a large group and everyone having to hold their plate while reading. Sounds picky, I know, but it's irritating.
4	We travel to Scottsdale a couple of times a year and we always go to Patsy Grimaldi's Pizzeria for date night dinner.  The pizza is fabulous and the salads are awesome.  I was expecting it to be a bit over the top since it's in Old Town, but every time we go for dinner, it's great!
3	this place claims to be authentic NYC pizza in scottsdale.  while the service, the drinks and the salad are great, the pizza itself is anything but NYC style.  it's got the potential to be a good pizza place but doesn't fully live up to it.  the place has a nice homely feel to it so it's great to go chill at.the pizza is in theory nice.  all the ingredients are fresh and the dough is nice but something didn't gel together.  oh well.  the house salad that preceded it was actually really good as it was big and their house vinagrette was tasty.  i also tried out too local beers.  the first was the mandarin madness hefeweizen and the kilt lifter.  the hefe was awesome and i now must go on another beer quest.  it was citrus and smooth and had lil beer after taste.  the kilt lifter totally was the wrong beer to follow it but held its own.
4	I have been here quite a few times and always thoroughly enjoy everything.   The pizza excellent... they have a open kitchen so you can watch the pizza's going in the wood fired brick oven.  They also have a good wine selection.
5	Anyone been to Pepe's in Connecticut??? This is nearly the same thing. AWESOME pizza!
5	Yum! I LOVE Grimaldi's. Whenever I want pizza, I'm always stuck in a mental debate over Grimaldis vs. Nellos, since they're across the street from one another. But when I want traditional pizza (whatever I mean by that.. I guess I mean non-funky toppings!, just typical topping like olives or garlic) I choose Grimaldis.  Love the mozzarella they put on their pizza and I love the basil and the fact that they're light on the tomato sauce. Good drink menu, too, and hostesses are always friendly!
4	Excellent thin crust pizza, but man the mileu is not the same.  It is not NYC unfortunately.   But it was a very very great treat to have when you are not in NYC.  Wished they built a place like this in the bay area.
4	I like this place. We went for dinner on a Saturday at 6pm (I have a hard time with the idea of dinner before 8, but I was tired and starving), and it was already full. However, we were offered a seat at the bar with no wait, so we took it. I was excited about the Peroni on tap. They have a small but great selection of tap beers, including Papago's Orange Cream. We got the traditional red sauce with Italian sausage and mushrooms, which was excellent.
4	If you like pizza and salad, you'll like Grimaldi's... We went last night for Cindy C's bday - it worked out great!  I hadn't been to this location before; I was at the DC Ranch location one other time.  I had no idea how BIG the Old Town location was - tons of banquet rooms!  Since we had a group of 20, we reserved our own little room and it worked out quite well...We ordered a variety of salads and pizzas for the table... the Caesar Salad was a big hit, as was the House Salad and the Antipasto Plate.  I had a slice each of the mushroom pizza and the sausage pizza - both were very good; I especially like their zesty tomato sauce and their thin crust.  Our server, Jennifer, took good care of us.  It was a lot of people, but she did well.  Most of the people at the table had a drink or two.  I had the house red wine which was perfect for my meal.  They allowed us to bring in our own dessert too, which was great since the birthday girl really wanted a TCBY cake!  The best part?  Just $20 per person!So, I recommend Grimaldi's for a group or if you really just want pizza and salad - there is not much more to choose from on the menu.  Be forewarned that this is not necessarily like an old school divey pizza place either; it feels much more like a chain to me (as it is).
5	When I eat pizza in non-east coast cities now, one of the first questions I ask myself is "would I eat this at home?" The answer with Patsy Grimaldi's is definitely an affirmative.You: "But isn't their pizza just like the Grimaldi's 2 blocks from your house?"Patsy Grimaldi's in Scottsdale doesn't have the fluffly, chewy crust of its brethren in the NYC area. Instead, the crust is crispier a la Frank Pepe's of New Haven. Of course, I loved Frank Pepe, so that's certainly not a criticism. Just don't go expecting fluffy, chewy crust!
5	Pizza just doesn't get any better than this. Though we have traded in the 120 degree heat and urban sprawl of Phoenix for the green and walkable goodness of Portland, I will always look back fondly on Grimaldi's as one of the brightest stars in the dark void representing palatable food to be found in Phoenix. To be sure, there are better restaurants in Phoenix -- but there are no better pizzas. The topping choices are simple and down-to-earth (no pineapple here!), the way a pizza should be: oven roasted sweet red peppers, ricotta cheese (to die for), sun dried or fresh sliced tomatoes, pepperoni, onions, fresh garlic, Italian sausage, meatballs, pesto, mushrooms, and extras of their base ingredients: mozzarella cheese, basil, and "Grimaldi's Famous Sauce." With these kinds of ingredients, you really cannot go wrong, so have fun picking and choosing!While we like the "white" pizzas with garlic the best, it's not the sauce that makes the difference -- it's the deep, smoky taste of the coal brick oven baked into the thin crust and substantially portioned ingredients. Individual flavors bursting forth from a common shroud of fire.Grimaldi's also offers a selection of starters, including antipasto and a variety of reasonably priced salads; some hot and cold beverages, including beer; and a few East Coast style desserts like "New York Style" cheesecake, cannoli, oreo cookie (invented in NYC in 1912), and tiramisu.  Of course, all the East Coast style pizza and desserts in the world won't change Scottsdale, AZ, into New York City. Indeed, Patsy Grimaldi's exceeds its New York counterparts by catering to the Scottsdale public and providing finer and more spacious dining areas, both inside and out. Service is prompt and always agreeable, even when things get busy. Speaking of which, be sure to make a reservation for larger dinner parties, especially on the weekend.Though we've left the desert for greener lands, I'm not sure we'll find a local pizza joint that will compare. Goodbye Grimaldi's, we'll miss you.
5	Bomb pizza! Ordered a simple pepperoni and the mediterranean salad. Thought we would have some pizza for the next day but it was too good! Nice hint of smoke in the crust from the coal oven and top quality meat. Next time I'm in Scottsdale, I'm there for sure.
5	We have been coming here since the days they opened the doors in their first AZ place in Old Town Scottsdale. Best pizza west of the Mississippi. One complaint: I'd like to see them bring back the cucumber salad (Fulton Street, I think it was called). The salad choices are OK, but not great.
4	Had to respond to swarup b.  Actually, the pizza at Grimaldi's in Scottsdale is pretty much identical to the pizza at Grimaldi's in Brooklyn.  We were surprised when we ate it in Brooklyn, because we expected old fashioned drippy cheese NY pizza, but apparently that's not what people call "authentic" NY pizza anymore....this is (coal-fired oven, crisp crust, etc.)  We enjoyed our meal (pizza and house salad), but liked the atmosphere in Brooklyn more (this one is just too new and sterile).
4	Coal oven pizza? Not sure if I was environmentally friendly tonight but at least I had a good meal!Weather permitting, dine outside on the patio. It's new construction so there's room to add a bit more character but as-is with the beautiful towering trees and rows of lights overhead, the patio is a pleasant retreat. The pizza is delicious. Fresh vegetables, crisp crust and well-seasoned sauce. They offer a decent wine selection as well as a refreshing passion fruit ice tea. Service is friendly and the atmosphere is casual. Save room for dessert because Sugar Bowl is across the street.
2	Most over-hyped pizza in town.Very crunchy, over-baked crust that was covered in black soot or some kind of crap that looked identical to black soot. Sauce that was too sweet and cheese that was M.I.A. Call me picky, but I like cheese on my pizza. Especially if I'm paying more than the price at any other pizza joint in town for it.LGO pizza is far better. And it's also next door to the best effing gelato you'll ever have (Arlecchino).Like my man Flavor Flave says--don't believe the hype.Or, like I like to say--don't drink the kool-aid you effing moron.
4	Its the only pizza place I will eat at. I actually ride my bike their with my girlfriend too!. we go to the North Scottsdale one which is actually better that the South Scottsdale one? its better with less topings, if you get onion ask for red onion specifically or they give you white and it makes a huge difference.Im normally not into thiner crusts but this is truly amazing pizza. Doesnt leave you feeling like you swallowed a brick :)They are one of few pizza places or restaurants for thhat matter, that do not use HYDROGENATED OIL. I will only eat at two places because of that and the cleanlyness factor. Go to ROKA AKOR FOR SUSHI OR JAPANESE FOOD. Its the bomb. Hands down only good food in the state!!
5	Wow!  I've lived in Old Town for two years and have never come here before now.  What is wrong with me!!Fantastic pizza.  At first, I didn't think I would like it as they only serve thin crust.  But the crust is not cracker thin.  It has the chewy doughiness I love with a little pinch of saltiness.  Great selection of toppings.  We had sweet red peppers, basil, garlic, ricotta, and pepperoni (did you know it doesn't have to come in paper thin slices that dry all up?).  A small pizza was enough for my husband and I to share.  Tiramisu was excellent.  You can also watch the coal-fired ovens and hope every pizza that goes in or comes out is yours.The menu consists only of pizza, calzone, salads, and dessert.  It's also on the expensive side when you load up on toppings.  A small pie, small caprese salad, one glass of wine, and one dessert came to $50.00 and WORTH EVERY PENNY!  Soooo good!
4	SO FAR, this is the best PIZZA ive had in scottsdale. the sauce, cheese, crust is all very good. try to savor every bite. im sick of the chain places, and others like Nello's just dont do the trick. Oregano's is VERY close, but a very different kind of pizza if you compare to their stuffed style. anyway, i went in by myself and had a pepperoni pizza with 2 beers. 23 bucks. could be worse but def better than delivery!
5	I love this place! The pizza is so good and it never disappoints. I went to school down in Tucson and they just opened one near Arizona stadium, I screamed when I saw the sign for the one in Tucson I was so excited. Now I can have it whenever I want in Phoenix and Tucson! The sauce is great so is the cheese and I always get pepperoni, which is awesome as well!I also really like the croutons in the Caesar salad!
5	In NYC people line up 'round the corner for the shot to sit at one of the small tables at Grimaldi's Pizzeria under the Brooklyn bridge and order one of their famous thin crust pizzas.  Now, on one of those days when you're tired of waiting well over an hour, it might be tempting to board a flight to Phoenix to eat at one of the OTHER Grimaldi's locations (none of which are in NY).  Yeah, can  you believe there's a Grimaldi's in Scottsdale, Arizona?  I couldn't.  The menu and the story is the same, but, of course, it doesn't feel completely authentic outside of NY.  The coal oven is massive and the pizza tasted great.  These Arizonans don't know what they're missing!  They should be lining up for this.
4	I'd forgotten how much I liked this place until I met a friend there on a recent Sunday.  I am a lover of thin crust pizza and theirs, while not as crispy as I usually prefer, is very, very good.  Perfect texture with just the right amount of saltiness.  The large pie is plenty for two people if you like to take a little extra home as I do.  Sauce is good, and the mozzarella is fabulous.  We dined at a high top table in the bar this time, and I prefer that to the dining room, but if you have a large group or family, the dining room has that bustling atmosphere that makes the place lively.  Great place for a date, a glass of wine with a friend, or a family outing.
4	My boyfriend and I stopped by Grimaldi's at the end of a long workday that left both of us unwilling to cook dinner.  I had eaten at a location in Chandler before but that was for a rehearsal dinner so I'm not sure if I had a typical Grimaldi's experience.  We entered the restaurant and were immediately greeted and seated at a two top by the window.  The menu is printed on the placemat and there are plates already placed before you are seated.  I don't mind the placemat menus so much but then why the plates?  You just have to move them to read the menu and on a two top there isn't a ton of room to begin with.  Additionally, there are a LOT of tables packed into that dining room, but that really didn't bother us until we got up to leave.  Walking out was like traveling through an obstacle course.  After we sat, we checked out the menu and the waiter came to take our drink order.  He came back with our drinks quickly and explained the three different pizza options available.  I ordered the white with sausage and my boyfriend had the classic with pepperoni.  Once our pizzas arrived (we didn't wait long), we again had to deal with table space issues.  We each ordered a personal size pie, I think it was 12".  Our plates were stacked in the middle of the table so we could read the menu, so the server placed our pies in front of us.  At this point the plates were just table decoration.  There is no way we could have used them and put our pizzas to the side.  Not really a major issue but not as smooth as it could have been.  Once we got settled in with the table, we dove in to the pizzas.  I immediately noticed that the crust towards the center of my pizza was very soft and not crispy at all.  I'm not sure if that was a cooking time issue or a sauce/olive oil issue.  The pizza was still quite tasty, but would have been even more enjoyable with a crispier crust.  Cheese and meat quality were great and I really liked the smoky flavor that the coal oven gives the pizza.  I would characterize it as good but not great pizza.My boyfriend's pizza was closer to great.  From the crust to the sauce to the pepperoni, this pie was spot on.  Everything was very flavorful, especially the sauce. The cheese wasn't too heavy and the boyfriend thinks it may have been fresh mozz.  His pizza was definitely the better of the two.  The waiter came back during our meal to ask about drink refills and was prompt with the bill as we finished.  We took home two slices of white and I'll be glad to have it for lunch tomorrow!  The environment at Grimaldi's is definitely family friendly and good for groups, so I wouldn't suggest it if you are looking for something intimate or quiet.  A beer, soda, two pizzas and tip totaled 39 bucks.  We felt that was a decent price for dinner.We enjoyed Grimaldi's and would recommend it to friends!
4	I forgot to mention, you have to get lighter, less heavy toppings. If you get a lot of toppings or heavy ones like sausage it will be soggy.It will be super crispy and good if you get the light toppings.I also discovered if you go to the website and enter your email for the newsletter(which they actually dont send you)You get all these free pizza coupons. They send me them all the time, and its with no purchase necessary. http://Grimaldispizzeria.com
5	The garlic pepperoni sausage pizza was PERFECT!  It's the best tasting pizza sauce  I' ve ever had, and the pizza itself was cooked to perfection!  I'm not usually a fan of the crust (doughy pizza = turn-off),  but I found myself eating the entire slice. It was crusty and a little softer in the center, but absolutely delicious!No complaints..  Well maybe one:  better salads??  I've tried them all but think they need more pizzazz..  Oh well..  FIVE stars for the pizza though!
5	I am a die-hard Grimaldi's fan.  This Scottsdale location is the best one hands down.  It's Neapolitan style pizza, cooked in a coal fired oven, with fresh mozzarella sliced on it.  I've always been satisfied when I've went here.  The toppings are fresh, a bit pricey, but the pizza here isn't supposed to be loaded by design.  I always suggest getting extra cheese, because I'm a sucker for bomb fresh mozz.  The sauce is perfect as well.
5	One of my friends dragged me here after she went on a trip to New York and ate at the original one under the Brooklyn Bridge. I had never gone because it looked so ritzy... not my style of pizza place from the outside. But once I walked in it my mind was changed! It was nice and cozy :)We started out with drinks, I got a root beer cause it was 12pm and I'm not one to drink a glass of wine in the afternoon and guess what... they have keg Root Beer!! It is freakin amazing =))I ordered the mozzarella, basil, tomato salad and it was amazing... but I was confused that they had it under the salad selection and it isn't a salad at all; it is the traditional slab of yummy!We also got the Pesto Pizza... with nothing on it of course & it was to die for, I could have eaten it all day!!This is one of the best pizza places in town! The location is great too!! The pesto pizza is amazing...  go there, eat a lot, its good :)
4	Pesto-mozza-garlic-erroni.  Highly recommend it.  For a couple bucks more, you can order the large (it might be called family size or something) and receive lots more delicious.  The pizza was...  delicious.  We expressed our desire for extra garlic, but our server thought we might be overwhelmed.  Ordinarily, I lean heavily on my server for suggestions and such, but garlic to me is something of what I might imagine meth is to other valley residents.  I just can't get enough.  So, though I was "rescued" from my own addictions, the pizza was absolutely delicious, especially eaten with an additional side of pesto.  Our server also brought us a side of red sauce (miscommunication), which was really, um, nothing to write home about.  We started with the antipasto salad, which wasn't a salad, and was actually just a plate with the various antipasto accouterments and no lettuce or anything.  This may very well be some kind of attempt at traditionalism, but frankly, I wanted a salad.  The Chianti recommended to us by our server was delicious.  He said it was fuller than what we had originally picked, and I like my red wine to sort of slap me across the face.Overall, delicious.  No food coma, no grease regret.  I attribute that to the freshness of the ingredients, and the focus on delicious.  Molto bene.
3	Ok, right now I'm eating some left-over Grimaldi's pizza that I just took out of my fridge.  It was from my lunch early today.  I almost mistook the cardboard box for a slice of the cheese pizza.  The pizza they served was thin crust and was a bit watery.  This place is A-OK enough that it left me as humorless as an average review.  So, quickly:+ + +'s: ample seating, outdoor enclosed patio with trees & those quaint x-mas-like lights, clean, brick-oven cooked pizza, bar area, located in the middle of Old Town Scottsdale- - - 's: service (quickness & attitude) could be better especially as I was the first customer in there, pizza costs can add up quick ($2 per topping), pizza was nothing to write home aboutIn sum, if you are looking for pizza sit-down and don't want a long, if any, wait this is an option.  If you are looking for delicious pizza with a fun atmosphere, I'd try elsewhere.
4	This is the place I go to when I need to bring pizza for game days.  It's on the expensive side, yes, but the mix of a thin, chewy crust and the right ratio of sauce to cheese and toppings keep me coming back here time and time again.
5	Some times you go to a place and it is so awesome you have to find your computer and yelp about it right away. Well..  this is one of those times.Went there today and had a pizza with sausage and onion.  the Mozarella is dynamic. The sauce is amazing and the crust (thin) was incindiary.  This may have been the the best pizza I have ever had.  I called my friend in jersey right after and told her.  I explained it may be blasphmeny but I think this may be better than any pizza I have had even in NJ.  She hung up on me.  Oh well.  She will be out to visit soon and I will get a chance to show her!
5	ok, i used to work here - 4 years of my life. that said, my opinion is probably slightly different than the average review. i ate there every day i worked there - which let me tell you, are definitely a lot of days. you'd think i'd get sick of the food...and i didnt. i tried pretty much every topping combination possible (except for the anchovies - no thank you.). so here are my suggestions/opinions:one of the most important things to know, is that the more water your topping contains, the soggier your pizza will turn out - vegetable toppings obviously contain more water than meat toppings. so if you want a crisp pizza, keep that in mind when piling on the fresh tomatoes, mushrooms, and oven roasted sweet red peppers.second, if youre really trying to compare scottsdale's patsy grimaldi's to brooklyn's patsy's...the two pizzas will never truly match up. given the location of the original, aesthetics are a huge part of the pizza experience - a part that scottsdale's version will never beat. however, scottsdale's patsy's goes to some great lengths to duplicate the pizza as best they can. the owners of the scottsdale patsy's even brought in a chemist to duplicate the brooklyn water through reverse-osmosis so the water used to make the dough is exactly the same in both locations. (everyone knows arizona water sucks.)a few of my favorite combinations are: regular pizza (red sauce), oven roasted sweet red peppers, ricotta cheese, and pepperoni; white pizza (no sauce with garlic) extra basil and fresh tomatoes; pesto pizza with meatballs and onions. yumm..as a server, there are a few questions/issues i feel the need to address if im going to give grimaldi's a proper review:1.) dont come to grimaldi's for pizza around 4:00pm unless you want to wait for the kitchen staff to stoke the ovens (this takes approx. 45 min)2.) yes, the antipasto doesnt have lettuce, so its not a traditional salad3.) no, they dont have pineapple. no, they dont have bacon, or canadian bacon for that matter. 4.) yes, thats the full menu...and they do a damn good job of making everything on it.
5	I've been having a torrid love affair with Grimaldi's.  Where I work, there's a little deli downstairs.  I eat there pretty much everyday.  The food there isn't great, but it's right down stairs and I feel at home there and they have soup and salad and stuff.My little office deli has been closed for the holidays.  I am a creature of habit, so I've been having to venture off to fend for myself food-wise.  I felt like pizza--I was hungover, mind you--so I used Yelp to find something.  I typed in my zip code and "pizza" and Grimaldi's popped up.When I was ordering, in a groggy voice, with a headache, I think the phone conversation went like this:"Grimaldi's, how can I help you?""Yeah,"  I said.  "Do you guys deliver?""No, we don't.""Shit.  Um,"  I googled them and saw they were like a three minute bike ride away.  "I'd like to put in an order for pick-up then."They asked me what I wanted on my pizza and I went with the usual sleazy choices.  They told me they didn't have canadian bacon.I was like, what the fuck?  I asked if I could get bread sticks.  No bread sticks.  I was like, fine.  Just the pizza, then.When I rode my bike there, I realized, "Oooohhhhh, this is a fancy place.  I had no idea."  I'm a dirtbag, so, to me this place is pretty much like my idea of upscale.I rode my bike back to work with one hand, the other hand on my pizza.  When I got out of the elevator, these people were like, "Grimaldi's?  Mmmmm!"I finally dug in.  It was delicious.  Seriously.  I can't imagine pizza tasting much better.  If pizza were better, my taste buds would react in a confused manner and I think the result would be a negative experience.  This is a delicate balancing act of being delicious without creating a transcendant experience into a foody hell.I thought the pizza was overpriced until I tried it.I ate the whole pizza by myself at work.  I ate Grimaldi's and, since it was super slow that day, I watched The God's Must be Crazy.  Easily, one of the best workdays I've ever had.Since then, I've been there to eat another pizza and a huge, baby-sized calzone.This is a great place.  The help is always nice to me, even though everyone's dressed nice and I come in all red-faced and sweaty after locking my bike up to a street sign since I was not able to find a bike rack.
5	the absloute best pizza in old town scottsdale. thin crispy crust and prices are extremely reasonable. funny though....one time we ate there, the door girl was falling asleep at her desk. good stuff.
3	3.5 stars. Furio isn't open for lunch. Neither is Bandera. So, we ended up here. It's a decent option for the area, especially when it's lunch out with co-workers. Provided you can all agree on what pizza to order. We shared a caprese salad. I thought the mozzarella was a little on the dry side. It was an okay salad. The pizza was good, though it seemed lukewarm when it was served. Like once it left the wonderful coal brick oven, it sat in the open for a little too long. For the lunch crowd on a workday, the pizzas weren't served fast enough, in my opinion. Don't go here if you have limited time! All in all, a good choice. I, of course, recommend the pesto-style pizza. Adding chicken and fresh tomatoes was a nice touch. Between 3 of us, the bill was around $33. Not bad. Then again, we didn't splurge on drinks or dessert, though the idea of eating their Amaretto Cheesecake makes me smile.
5	Don't know what Simply D is talking about but sounds like those drinks that the bartender "added" on not only impaired his typing skills but also his mathematical skills. The drink prices at Grimaldi's are moderately priced, so two drinks adding up to $50?...Think simply D might just like to gripe. I've been in the industry for long time, so I've witnessed and also have been guilty of not being able to keep count of exactly how much I've had to drink. Maybe It was just an oversight on either side? Whatever the situation don't let his review sway you because you would definitely be missing out...
5	I've been to the place in NYC - oh no wait...I've gone to the place and have been deterred by the 2 hour line more than once. Very frustrating when all you want is to treat your out of town guests to some really amazing pizza! So when we walked by this place while cruising downtown Scottsdale, I was surprised to learn they had locations outside of the one busier-than-all-F place under the Brooklyn Bridge. So my dad and I gave it a shot. Now I've had (several, actually) discussions with the bf on what constitutes good pizza (it's VERY subjective, but still there are universal goods and bads). And I think I can unequivocally say, this is awesome pizza! The coal-fired taste is scrumptious. It came out hot - we had onions and mushrooms. The mozz cheese was great - not rubbery, not greasy, just delicious. We also had a small salad (the waitress tipped us off that a small was enough for 2 ppl - thanks for that! - she was right and saved us $3 and a lot of wasted salad). The salad was basic, good, and the dressing was yummy. And a half-carafe of red wine was was definitely enough for both of us (full from earlier drinks). ONE complaint would be there isn't enough sauce (whatever sauce there was, it was tasty, but could have used 50% more!). Other than that, at $30-ish for the entire meal (!!!) I can say my dad will definitely be back since he lives there, and I will put my full support behind that! :)
5	I think I might be a 5-star whore! But Grimaldi's definitely deserves it. Let me say that I was born in New York and have tasted the very finest in pizza offerings. I would put Grimaldi's up against any pizza joint in NY. First the place. I have been to both the Old Town and DC Ranch locations. I like the Old Town one better. Not sure why, I just do. The restaurant is nice and has both indoor and outdoor seating. The outdoor is perfect for a day drink in the spring or evening dinner in the summer. Cool patio. Indoors is a little tight, but the tables all have the traditional red and white checkered table cloth. The brick-ovens are also open to the restaurant. Nice touch. Food and bevy. There is a decent selection of beers, including Peroni. I am a beer snob and like to drink the beer from whatever region the food is from. I have had wine here, but not a big connoisseur so my opinion wouldn't be too reliable. I have always gotten the salad with a pizza. It is very simple so don't expect something with lots of ingredients. For me the salad takes me back to when I was a kid eating at my grandmother's. She always made a simple salad with oil and vinegar, tomatoes, onions, and maybe olives. Sprinkle some salt and done. It is good, get it. The real reason why everyone goes is the pizza of course. Can't remember all of the combos of toppings I've had, but so far the best has been ricotta and sun-dried tomatoes. The ricotta was so creamy it was like having dessert. I love thin crust pizza that is crunchy on the bottom and crust, but soft under the cheese and sauce. Doesn't disappoint. Just a plain cheese pizza is sublime as well. The pepperoni is awesome too! They are smaller than the usually fare, but they cook it long enough so the sides curl up and get crunchy. My friend Z picks them off and gives them to his wife because she loves them so much. I have been there once when someone has gotten dessert. Funny story. He got depressed when someone at the table told him they reminded him of a friend of theirs. When a pic was shown of this friend, it was some large man that looked nothing like my friend. So, he put his head in his hands and said he didn't want his cannoli anymore because his feelings were hurt. The person sitting next to me picked up his fork, got a piece of the cannoli on it and fed him. He instantly cheered up. Maybe you had to be there. Anyway, go to Grimaldi's. You will not be disappointed!
5	Perfection!I love New York style pizza, and I love woodfire pizza.  This is their gorgeous love child.Ambiance is much more casual than I'd expected.  Red and white checkered table cloths, menu is the paper placemat, etc.  It was packed by 6pm, and I can see why!Great wine selection with fair prices.  Pizza choices are ample without being overwhelming.Why can't a place like this exist in Chicago??
4	This is by far the best pizza in phoenix. The pesto is the way to go. It is always busy and always worth the wait. Moving here from Chicago I was afraid I'd never find good pizza again. While I prefer deep dish, this is the best thin crust I have ever eaten. Dig in...and get the Peroni on draft its tasty.
4	Grimaldi's doesn't make the absolute BEST pizza in town, but it definitely is good. The ambiance and overall vibe of the place works really well. It's elegant, but casual. The food speaks for itself: come here to eat some pizza, not to be seen. Grimaldi's offers a surprisingly nice wine menu focusing on Italian (or Italian style) reds. I had a personal favorite, Coppola Claret with an italian sausage/sweet roasted pepper pizza and was in love. Another great "pizza wine" they offer is the Antinori Santa Cristina Sangiovese. Delicious. We had dessert as well, which was pretty good. The tiramisu my friend had was great. Pair it with a glass of Rosa Regale with it. It's... sexual. Most of the time that I've eaten here has been work-related wine tastings, but the service has always been attentive and prompt. Grimaldi's fills a nice niche in OTS of being an upscale, yet casual and uncomplicated pizza place.
3	While here during spring training and trying to figure out something to eat I decide to use yelp for some help. I was looking up all sorts of places until I thought maybe pizza might be a good choice. Also was going to meet up with a friend who was in town for business. That never happened, but dinner did. Looking over the menu before heading over to the restaurant helped. I knew what to expect and found stuff that I could like. Looked over the menu and ordered a half cheese and half pesto large pizza. I also ordered the fresh mozzarella and tomato basil. It was pretty good. I then ate the pizza and didn't notice anything special about it, except that the pesto on top of the cheese. CHEESE?! Yes, it was on top of the cheese. I didn't notice it was salty until the person I ate with tried it. It was salty and they like salt. I'd come back again and the fact they have outdoor indoor seating was good. The outside was windy and they have a patio area inside that was good. Overall full and decent prices for a meal.
5	I was born and raised in Brooklyn, NY.  With that said I am rarely satisfied when eating pizza outside of my hometown.  I moved to Tempe a couple years ago for school and went to a couple pizza spots - some good, some bad.  This past weekend while walking around Old Town my buddy and I stopped at Grimaldi's and I am very thankful we did.  We ordered a salad and pepperoni pizza and both were terrific.  The brick oven flavor was what I've been missing since I moved.  Wait staff was extremely nice and I will be returning to Grimaldi's soon.
5	Went to Grimaldi's tonight, and I thought it was fabulous!My friend and I got the pizza of the month -- the BBQ Chicken pizza.  This was one of the best pizza's I've ever had.  The veggies were nice and crunchy, and I have to say that using fresh mozzarella makes pizza a totally different experience.We also shared the small greek salad (which was enormous) -- we got the dressing on the side -- which I think is usually a safe bet with any kind of vinaigarette -- too much can ruin a salad.  All in all, a stellar experience.  This place *may* just take over as my fave pizza in Phoenix!
5	Holy Jesus, I have died and gone to heaven! This was the best pizza I have eaten outside of New York. We ordered the white pizza with pepperoni. Honestly, I could have eaten the large by myself, it was that good. Please, oh please, open one up in southern California!!
4	If my rating was based on food alone it would have been 5 stars. The food is excellent! We usually eat at the Glendale/Peoria location and it was our first visit to this Scottsdale location. It was a Saturday night, so it was jam packed and my fiance and I waited about 40 min. They seated us right next to the kitchen where all the pizza's go out and it was a little nerve racking, wondering if I was gonna get smacked in the head with a pie. Once our server got our order, I didn't see him for the rest of our meal. Two different servers delivered our pie and calzone and another one got us a box and the check. I did look around once, when my fiance's beer was empty and my water was getting low and our server was leaning against a wall chatting with another employee. I'm chalking up the not-so-great service to it being crazy busy, and we'll definitely go back because of the food, but I doubt at this location.
5	This is my favorite pizza in the entire valley.  Great stuff.
5	Mmmm... excellent! Thin crust and good-quality, fresh ingredients.
2	Although I have only eaten at Patsy Grimaldi's one time and it was good, my review is about the bartender and their overall service.I came in to the restaurant on Saturday afternoon after spending most of the day at the Culinary Festival.  For some reason, we had a craving for pizza after eating a slice from Spinatti's at the festival.  Seemed like a good idea at the time.When we came in to Grimaldi's, we were informed of a 20 minute wait for a table and instead decided to grab the four available seats at the bar.  We were in a good mood and definately had a few drinks during the festival and were enjoying the time with some friends.  The bartender seemed to be in a sour mood (maybe from people before us) and immediately said "I am not serving you any drinks" before we even asked for anything.  He then proceeded to accuse us of being obnoxious and loud and walked away without even asking for our order.I found this one of the worst experiences of my entire life in a restaurant and will never step foot into Grimaldi's again.  We filed a complaint with the manager and went on our way to Malee's where they were happy to serve us food and drinks and had a much better time.Patsy Grimaldi's should do a much better job in training their staff in courtesy and customer service.
4	I held a surprise b-day party for my hubby here last Saturday night. We had about 35 guests and the party was in their private banquet room off of the front entrance (the Rockefeller Room??).  All in all, Grimaldi's did a wonderful job.  Nakita in catering was very easy to work with-- pleasant and efficient.  Jesse was put in charge of our party that night and did an incredible job!  He set the room, tended bar, served the food, bussed the tables and took care anything/everything else we needed (basically all by himself!!) that night.  I knocked off one star, as the food was a bit choppy in its arrival (not that big of a deal by the end of the evening, but the natives were definitely getting a little restless for a bit) and the manager on duty, Katherine, was neither very friendly nor very helpful. (Although she was not actually rude, there was definitely a bit of attitude when I asked for her help regarding the food, etc.)  But, as I said, all in all, Grimaldi's did a great job and, as always(!!) the food was delicious!!
5	My 2nd favorite:  grilled chicken, sundried tomato, basil, and garlic.The pizza was fantastic as always, but the toppings ($10+) seem a little pricey.  I guess it's true:  you pay for what you get :)  Delicious.One can only dream about Grimaldi's opening in LA one day....
4	This place has awesome pizza. That's all I can really say about that. It's awesome.The place is priced pretty high though, but it is Scottsdale after all, and the mentality there is that it's acceptable to overcharge and have an attitude. But that's OK, the food is awesome.It's also usually packed also, expect a bit of a wait. But that's OK, the food is awesome.Oh, and the parking. It's Old Town Scottsdale, so naturally, parking is a NIGHTMARE, every lot is full, I think I had to park half a block away on a Saturday night. But that's OK, the food is awesome.Honestly, I don't really remember if the service was any good....But that's OK, the food is awesome.
4	My boyfriend and I were in Phoenix craving pizza. We had heard about Pizza Bianco, but were not willing to wait 3 hours to try it. So we ended up at the first pizza place we could find, which was Patsy Grimaldi's. to start, we had a caprese salad, which I loved because the mozzarella tasted very fresh and they used Roma tomatoes!! I don't remember exactly what pizza we ordered..I just remember that we ordered a white pizza with garlic, but I do remember that sliced mozzarella was used instead of shredded, and that totally contributed to the quality of the pizza. You could also definitely taste the garlic, and it was delicious and not too overpowering. The pizza itself was thin and not too crispy like a cracker. Service was great. Probably one of the best pizzas I have ever had.
4	Love their pizza. They only serve thin crust but it's a nice soft dough with a crunchy crust. I've never sat in the dining room because they have a nice hi-top seating area in the bar. Less of a wait if you grab one of those and I actually like the atmosphere in the bar area better. It's a great place to stop for a bite before or after the free Art Walk on Thursday nights in Old Town. Last time we were there they mentioned that they stoke their ovens (sounds kinky) from 4-5 pm daily, so nothing goes in the oven during that time. They have specials on their wines on Tuesdays. I think they were half off.
5	I am a pizza snob. I usually don't like gourmet pizza. I am a Ray's girl. Alas, I have been cutting most dairy out of my diet because of the harsh treatment of the animals.Low and behold, Grimaldi's. While I will mention that the pizza I ordered totally rocked. I ordered a plain personal white with garlic (and a side of sauce). Great crust, the sauce was a little on the acidic side.What I would like to give Grimaldi's the ultimate rating for is the fact that the mozzarella on the pizza is from happy grass-fed free-range cows. I am beyond impressed that Grimaldi's cares enough about the happiness of the cows to use a more expensive cheese.I can eat pizza again!
4	Excellent pizza! Great atmosphere! If you're in the Scottsdale area it's a must. I had just had a good pizza a couple days before at La Bocca on Mill in Tempe and this was on par.
5	Once we went to Grimaldi's in Hoboken, NJ and weren't all that impressed.  Yet the first time we ate at this Grimaldi's, we were blown away!  Upon entering, you are enveloped by the aroma of pizza baking in a coal-fired oven.  This is swoon-inducing---and I mean that in a good way.  The smell almost has you believing that you are in a pizza joint with a coal-fired oven in the Northeast.When ordering pizza baked in a coal-fired oven, I like to get a plain cheese pizza.  IMO, this is the best way to fully taste the sauce, cheese and crust without anything else get in the way.  There's nothing like a thin crust pizza from a coal-fired oven with that char on the crust.  The crust has just the right balance of crispy and soft.  The sauce is well flavored with proper proportions of basil and oregano.  The amount of cheese is just right.  I love to savor each and every bite.There is more to this Grimaldi's than the one under the Brooklyn Bridge.  This one has other items in addition to the pizza.  We like their antipasto.  It has sliced mozzarella which is fresh and creamy, black and green olives (the black ones are pitted, the green ones have pits in them),  roasted red pepper slices which are bursting with flavor, and a good, flavorful salami.Everytime we're in AZ, it is so worth it to us to deal with the heavy traffic in Old Town Scottsdale to dine at Grimaldi's!
3	I thought that I would really like the pizza here a lot more.  Previously enjoyed it as take-out at a friend's place.  However, my sausage pizza was way too soggy, in fact it was down right wet in the middle.
5	I'm a New Yorker. I'll always be a New Yorker. And that menas I'm serious about pizza. All of that said, I'm serious about Grimaldi's. This is one of my favorite locations for dough, cheese and other stick-to-your gut goodness. The bar ain't bad either. The place is always crowded (expect to rub elbows with anyone sitting next to you) but the crowd only adds to the festive atmosphere. From the dining room, you can see the pizza being made and marvel as the servers navigate the maze of tables. Prices are decent and if you sign up for e-mail alerts, you'll be treated to small perks like the occassional coupon or discount on your birthday.
4	I've been wanting to try Grimaldi's for years and I finally made it here! My friend and I got lucky and showed up on a Tuesday so to our surprise they offered 1/2 off glasses and bottles of wine.It's hard for me to get too complex when it comes to Pizza, so I stuck with the basics. Garden salad and pepperoni pizza. Both were really great. What I couldn't help but notice was the relaxing environment. Open kitchen, brick walls... it was cozy but very casual. There was quit a diverse mix of diners ranging from us gals grabbing an early dinner to families with children and everyone in between.My friend thought she had read somewhere that they imported their water from New York to make the dough at one point in time. We asked, it wasn't the case anymore. But now they do triple filter to get the water to get the dough as authentic to New York style as possible!Grimaldi's... simple and classic!
5	Hands down my favorite pizza place in AZ!  If you are a pepperoni pizza person you HAVE to try Grimald's pepperoni and ricotta pizza, it's amazing!  I visit both locations in Scottsdale, the one in Old Town and the one in D.C. Ranch.  Old Town gets really busy around dinner time on the weekends and D.C Ranch is a little easier to get seated on the weekend.  Both are really good.
4	This place is really popular and loved for a reason. It's consistently good and relatively unique. The restaurant is clean inside and the staff is nice and friendly. It's a great sit-down semi-upscale pizza restaurant. There's really nothing standard or conventional about the food here except that the pizzas are round and they are made of cheese, sauce, and bread. I'm not as much of a fan of this place as most people seem to be, but I can't deny that it's delicious. It just barely gets a 4/5.
4	After living in AZ for a year I finally tried Grimaldi's pizza. Wow -- What I liked:- the thin-crust pizza served piping hot. Definitely up there with the best pizza in town.- the "make your own" style of the menu -- there's a based price for a pie, and each ingredient you add is about $2.- the wine selection (and prices). There are plenty of nice bottles for $20.- There seemed to be ample parking, which tends to be tough in this neighborhood.What I didn't like:- the crowds and wait time at 7PM on Saturday, although I can see why it's worth the wait.- Lack of variety -- the menu could benefit from more salad options, for example- the bar area could be larger to better accommodate waiting customers
5	What a great place for pizza. Everything about the food was perfect. The dough, the sauce (amount of and flavor) the cheese, the amount of grease even! I had the pepperoni and kalamata olive pizza, the olives were fresh and delicious as well. I have also visited the Grimaldi's in Texas (Allen) - they really keep all their restaurants in great condition all with really fresh ingredients.It seemed like it was a date place too, lots of dates going on when I was there, that always makes for good people watchin'
5	This pizza was worth 5 stars.
5	Good choice of ingredients, a bit out of a student budget, but it was WORTHY all the way. I was drooling with the flavors! Good environment and good service and good music (bistro style). I'm not much of a pizza eater, but this has a good place in my list! Forget about your papa dough or cheap Sunday pizzas...this is a real one!
4	Great thin pizza with fresh mozz and plenty of toppings. The kalamata olives were a bit too salty for me. Good caprese salad and large 'small' salads. The small pizza is definitely not small either. Oh all you east-coasters and your moving to AZ gig.
5	This was our first dining experience in Scottsdale and it was the best pizza!  We loved it. Great crust, pick your own toppings, great service, great atmosphere.   We'll definitely go back!
4	We went to Grimaldi's last night on our way home from Scottsdale.  There was no wait for a table.  We ordered the pizza with red sauce, with fresh garlic and cheese.  The pizza was fabulous; as good as the best NYC pizza (and I've had a LOT of that).    The only reason I didn't  give it 4 stars is because I'd like to see soup or a few appetizers offered.  When I asked about bread, the waitress offered to bring some Italian bread, along with olive oil and balsamic vinegar.  I'd prefer something a little more substantial to soak up the beer, but the bread was good and served its purpose.
2	Maybe I went on an off day but I was not impressed with this pizza.But before I get into that, I was also not impressed with the service. Our waiter was just kinda weird. And not in a good way. Every time he came to our table he would stand there and wait for us to speak first which I found rather strange and off putting. He was the employee, shouldn't he have led the conversation? He literally stood by our table until I said "well, I think we're ready to order." Weird. Whatever.The boyfriend and I ordered a sausage and mushroom pizza. I was excited because I usually love hand-tossed brick oven pizza and I had read so many great reviews. Our pizza was lukewarm and the crust in the middle of the pizza was soggy. It was fine on the outer edges but what a way to start a slice - with a mouthful of soggy pizza goo. I thought it was pretty expensive as well.So now all I think of when I think of Grimaldi's is a soggy pizza. Yuck. I don't think I'll be rushing back for more.
1	At about 7 pm we arrive... a bunch of pilots, flight attendants and mechanics/maintenance ... about 14... they were able to seat us with in 10 minutes... i was stoked!!we are all seated outside... it was such a beautiful night last night... it was soo nice! the waiter comes up... and says hi... but WE had to ASK him his name... and he was way to relaxed... not very outgoing at all... he gave me the feeling like we interrupted his "Smoke" break.... my bad while we were waiting for our food i asked for some bread... they brought out a little plate of maybe 8-10 pieces of bread on it... keep in mind we all have not eaten since before noon that day... and we all looked at the plate like um.... o...k... when the food FINALLY came i was soo excited... the whole place had smelled amazing since walking up from the parking lot!! (which was kinda small and packed) but i was quickly disappointed... the pizza was soo thin... the toppings fell right off the pizza.. and there was virtually no sauce at all!! :( the crust was the best part of the whole thing... my friend and i decided to get a piece of cheesecake to hopefully save the meal... NOPE... not even close... i almost wanted to cry... cheesecake is my all time most favorite dessert and it was ruined! the crust was waxy and just gross... the cake part tasted a little weird... kinda like the crust and to mushy.. like they didn't give it enough time to set.. it was awful... their menu has salad appetizers, pizza and calzones... and desert.. that's it... no pastas or anything else so there isn't much to choose from... :( their water with lemon was my favorite part of the meal.. sad.. Over all..... The bathrooms were decent.. Parking was not to great..The food Sucked.... Service could have been WAY better.... and it was WAY OVERPRICED!!!!!!!!!! if i ever go back... I'm just gonna order Water with extra lemon...
4	Great pizza, albeit a little overpriced.  They are a little stingy where they charge full price even if you get the toppings on half of the pizza.  Whatever, they make a damn good pizza. With that perfectly crisped thin crust and good portion of toppings.The service is a little slow, and the pizza does a take a bit, but it is all worth it.  Also a good place to cougar watch, for some reason they love this place!
4	These guys make a damn good pizza!I usually get chicken on pizzas, but skip it here. It is very watery and not high quality. Dominos has a better chicken topping. Go with the roasted red peppers! I do agree with a previous reviewer, they are a bit stingy on the toppings.Don't get me wrong--this is the best pizza you will find in AZ.These guys take their time and even have a water filtration system to balance it the same as NY's water. Think the water doesn't matter when you are making the dough--Think Again! Also give the house red a try. I usually do not enjoy the house wines very much, but at Grimaldi's, it is actually my fav.This is a great place for a first date--you will not break the bank and you can really enjoy some quality pizza and wine.
1	Bad service, Bad management...very "wham, bam thank you ma'am" attitude...we were embarrassed we recommended the place...wouldn't go back...!  We sent an email to someone from their site...they emailed me back that they would "look into" my bad experience...never heard another word.  They will sooooo not get my money again!  The pizza is good...but that is not the only reason to frequent a business!You have to know that when you support a business, in turn, you expect to have decent service and when there isn't...a decent explanation or resolution offered...!  Got none of that here...they're taking the money and could careless how the experience goes...it didnt bother their Regional Operations Manager one bit that I was unhappy with my visit!!  Thank God for the Restaurant 25 Degrees...at least I had a 1/2 burger left over to eat that night!!!
3	Not bad, not great.  Pro'sPizza had a great, bubbly crustIngredients were freshService was goodGreat wine selection, tons of affordable botles Con'sThe menu has no pizza suggestions, (margarita, meat lover whatever) just cheese and then you choose your toppings and pay for each. That makes for a pricey pizza ahould you order a lot of toppings. Red checkered tablecloths and big band music reminded me to much of Oregano's. Overall it was a decent experience, but with so many pizza places in the valley I'm not sure I'd  go out of my way to return.
3	We ordered a pizza and a Caesar Salad with chicken "to go" tonight, and I'm giving a generous update with three stars... It's been a year and a half since my last review, and I have to say, Grimaldi's - I'm not as much a fan as I was back then.The pizza was half cooked and only tasted decent when we put it in the oven for another 10 minutes and covered it with parmesan cheese and red pepper flakes.  The chicken in the Caesar Salad that was supposed to be grilled was not - it looked like completely processed meat that was served luke warm; it was so gross looking that I didn't even taste it.  I'll stick with the original review in saying that Grimaldi's (especially the Old Town location) is a decent place to go if you've got a large group... but it's nothing so special with a smaller group or for take-out.  I won't be rushing back!
3	My wife and I visited this place last night for dinner and I have to say I wasn't all that impressed. Our pizza was a decent pie but the middle of it was all gooey and uncooked. Now I don't know if this a common problem with natural coal stoves or what, so I'm not going to slam them too hard because of that. I will however slam them for the caprese salad we ordered. Mozzarella was mediocre at best but the real kicker was the three day old thinly cut pieces of tomato. I mean come on, show some pride in your product and cut me a fresh tomato. Don't give me slices of tomato that have been sitting in a sixth pan for three days.
3	Met a family member who was in town on a recent Saturday night at Patsy Grimaldi's.  I had been excited about trying this place for quite awhile, and had heard many good things.  Too make a long story short...it was ok.  I won't be rushing back anytime...There were seven of us, and we had to wait about 20-25 minutes for a table at 530.  Once we were seated the service was okay, definitely not fast, but not really slow.  The wife and I split a caesar salad and a basil/garlic pizza.  The caesar got poor reviews from both of us.  The pizza was just ok.  It did get better as I ate more, but it wasn't super, nor was it horrible.  Maybe slightly better than average.  Another drawback is that it was quite loud.  We were probably 75% of the way through the meal before I was able to identify that they were playing music in the restaurant, and that the music was Christmas Carols.  They did seem to have the ability to accommodate large parties, so that is nice, and they were showing a couple football games in the bar.  I guess I'd go back, but there are plenty other pizza places I like better or would like to try.
4	Being from the east coast, Pizza in AZ just isn't the same.  I hunt high and low like a starved Mountain Lion for good pizza out here.I prefer NY style.  Real NY style.  Like downtown, side of the road mom and pop Brooklyn NY pizza.  Big slices, perfectly melted mozzerella, thin crust, great sauce.  It is hard to find in AZ.  Grimaldi's is definitely one the best pizza places I have found out here.  I also recommend Famous Ray's.  If you;re looking for good pizza in AZ, you can't go wrong with Grimaldi's.  It is a bit pricey if you like toppings, but worth it if you like pizza as much as I do.
5	My husband and I live in Washington, DC and visited Scottsdale for a winter getaway over New Year's Weekend. We love food and restaurants  and make a point to seek out the best sushi, Mexican food and pizza when we travel.  After much research we selected Patsy Grimaldi's for pizza and could not have been more pleased with quality of the food and the service.The menu is simple, featuring salads, calzones and pizza.    We ordered the Mediterranean salad which was delicious - and that is not a word I use often in reference to salads.  The salad had fresh romaine lettuce, fresh tomatoes and cucumbers, feta cheese, a few red onions and uber flavorful kalamata olives.  The salad was chopped to perfection and pre-tossed with a light dressing. And then there was the pizza.  There are three pizza "bases" to chose from - mozzarella/tomato, white pizza, or pesto - and then you can select your own toppings.  We selected the tomato and mozzarella base with pepperoni and jalapeno peppers.  The mozzarella was not shredded and loaded all over the pizza.  It was fresh mozzarella placed sparingly all over the crust so every bite had some cheese, but it did not overwhelm the pie.  The sauce was made from homemade crushed tomato sauce with just the right seasoning.  The crust was thick and tasty and cooked evenly.  The toppings added some extra flavor, although we would have enjoyed the pizza without them.   This was hands down one of the top three pizzas I have ever eaten and I have eaten a lot of pizza.  I was surprised to see so many reviews mention Grimaldi's as "overpriced."  Our meal - salad, pizza and two beers was $36 after tax.  For a yummy dinner for two I don't know how you can do much better than that.  I can only guess that the folks moaning and groaning about the price of the pizza chose to top their pizza with 4-5 of the more expensive ingredients that pushed the price of the pizza into an uncomfortable range.  Just be selective with your toppings and you will find Grimaldi's to be an excellent value.One last note - we did wait for about 35 minutes for a table, which was fine.  We went on a Saturday night.  We had a very friendly server and we were pleasently surprised when we told her we wanted a salad and a pizza but didn't know what size to order.  (My husband wanted both large's.... I thought we'd need a large salad and small pizza.)  Our server told us to order a small pizza and small salad and she was right.  It was more than enough food. She could have nudged us in a different direction and we would have spent more money, but the fact that she was honest about the portions was much appreciated.Run, don't walk to Grimaldi's next time you are looking for pizza in Scottsdale.
1	Tourist trap in downtown Scottsdale.  Beau and I were in for an awesome pizza experience.  What we actually got was: 1. An antipasto that competed only with Costco tasters.  Haven't seen an antipasto so sparse  - with a few red peppers from the jar - in the Phoenix area. 2. A server so lazy that apparently didn't wish to  recall the beers available - hey, just read the menu.  3. Calzone was full of ricotta and cheese.  Nope, no flavor. 4. Garlic pizza was okay.
2	Grimaldi's makes a great pie, sadly they don't make their staff anywhere near as good. First off the hosts were a disaster, I came to ask if I could put my name down and received a blank stare. Later on I asked for a perfect Manhattan. The bartender asked me what I wanted it made with, SoCo, Bourbon, Canadian...What? I am thinking to myself. I told him I would have Bourbon, followed by instructing him on what the implication of the prefix perfect in my drink meant (thats half sweet and half dry Vermouth). As I was starting to tell him the meaning of perfect he told me he knew what it was. Eventually he made and served my drink, on the rocks which I had not specified. My mom and I split a greek salad, which was well sized considering it was not the large size. It needed more olives and feta and especially more red onion. My mom and I asked if we could split a pizza without a fee for splitting the pie. The bartender said it would be no problem, but when he brought the bill he charged us. I will NOT be going back anytime soon.
4	One of my favorite pizza places in town. Love the history of Grimaldi's too... I visit about every six-months.The upscale atmosphere is appropriate for a date night. They have a nice bar in front to keep you busy until your table is ready. The pizza is perfection with the coal-fired taste making it extra special. The cheese, sauce, and dough is all top notch! The salads are also well done.Great place to bring out-of-towners who love pizza and want to check out old town.
4	As far as pizza goes this ranks with the best I've ever eaten.  The crust, sauce, toppings and cheese are fabulous.  Service was kinda slow and the tables are packed into the place so you are close to other tables.
5	My favorite pizza place in AZ.  I got my usual sun dried tomato and cheese pizza.  As always it was great.  They cook your pizza in a brick oven with coal so you get a nice smoky flavor on the crust.  This place is amazing if you haven't been you gotta go.
5	Born and raised in AZ, I've been to a lot of pizza places. I love trying out new pizza places and I'm thankful to live in Scottsdale, where my favorite pizza place lives. Grimaldi's is unlike any pizza I've ever had from anywhere in the valley. And yes, I've been to New York City and had their pizza. I'd pick Grimaldi's pizza over NYC pizza anyday. We've always had fantastic waiter's each time we go and I don't think we've ever had to wait. Parking in Old Town can be really bad at times, but we've never had to park far away either. It's always been a perfect experience. In comparison to say, Olive Garden, it's cheaper! I would recommend Grimaldi's to anyone in AZ, or visiting AZ. There are more locations in the valley and I haven't tried the others, but I'm guessing it's just as good. I haven't been hungry enough after chowing down on pizza to try any of the desserts, but one of these days I'm going to try their cannoli's.  This is spoken from someone who is 100% Italian. I'm choosing Patsy Grimaldi's for my Valentine's Day dinner spot!
5	Grimaldi's is the most consistently amazing pizza place in Arizona. We've been to this Old Town location quite a few times in the past year and not once have we had a bad pie. The pizza is always uber-fresh with crispy crust and amazing flavor. We've never had any issues with the wait staff, they're attentive and generally on top of things... but to be honest, even if the wait staff here was horrible, I'd still give the place 5 stars because the pizza is that good. I think they put crack in that dough, because I'm addicted. 5/5 stars.
4	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):8 Food8 Service8 Atmosphere7 ValueMmmm the Reeses peanut butter cheesecake was good!  So was the Mediterranean salad.  The pizza we got was a white w/ garlic + ricotta + fresh tomatoes.  Also gooood.  Also a fair wine selection.
4	I like pizza...and Grimaldi's was delicious. I have gone on two different occasions and both times the food was consistently good. The salads are good- not too much dressing, but coated well. The pizza was great both times. The first time I went I had a cheese with tomatoes and mushrooms and red sauce; it hit the spot. The second time we had white with ricotta and tomatoes, and I must say I was disappointed I didn't get to eat the leftovers. To finish the second meal we split a slice of reeses peanut butter cheesecake and sipped some frangelico. It was a delicious combination.
5	First trip to Grimaldi's was a winner.  They basically won the super bowl, if you will.We have been FIGHTING this no-carb thing, and tonight we really caved.  I bought a 4-pack of beer, pledging to return to it once I satisfied my blood-type-thirst for pizza.  We ended up in Old Town and Cassie recommended Grimaldi's based on a whim.Quickly seated and greeted, and although our table was at a busy corner, we had a great perspective of the entire place, most importantly the brick-oven.  Our caesar salad came quickly and was better than average.  Shortly after, our "small" Italian sausage and mushroom pizza arrived, and fully satiated our ravenous appetites.  Fresh mozzarella, flavorful sausage, and delicious sauce, all combined with perfectly crispy crust... Mmmmm.  Pizza.Will (we'll) be back.
5	Add ricotta cheese as one of your toppings.....WOW!    Best pizza I've ever had, if you don't like it, try it again until you snap out of it.      Absolutely love this pizza, super fresh ingredients......LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!
4	The Brooklyn (DUMBO) Grimaldi's may have starred in my finest pizza meal.  Upon finding out I could have a Take 2 in Scottsdale, I scoffed, then gave in.  It turns out it's close.  The ingredients and recipe seemed dead on, reminded me of BK.  However, the execution's a bit off.  I don't demand perfection, but I know it's in Brooklyn._C$
3	Grimaldis has a nice atmosphere and the pizza is good but so are many other pizza places throughout the valley and for about 1/2 the price. In fact a simple trip to "Slices" at Desert Ridge can get you a better tasting slice of pizza for a couple bucks. I had to vote I like it because I didnt hate it but seriously whats the big deal. Again many better tasting Pizzas out there that dont make you feel like you've just been robbed as you walk out the door.
5	My ideal heaven would be eating pizza all day and drinking Jones' Cream Soda.  I love pizza so much I can eat an entire large pizza by myself.  So in short I'm a HUGE pizza fanatic, I always try new pizza places.  I can honestly say Grimaldi's is by far, hands down my favorite.  Now I have tried Pizzaria Bianco, which I've heard is suppose to be the best pizza in the world, so it may change.
3	I have only had their pizza once, to go. It was ok but nothing to write home about.;... would try again but will be more skepitcal....
4	First off....NYC pizza is not doughy. Real coal-oven pizza like Lombardi's and Grimaldi's (the two originals from NY) are thin crust, mozzarella, basil, and simple sauce.....delicious. Don't get me wrong, if you love Papa Johns, Pizza Hut, deep-dish pizzas then you probably won't be crazy about Grimaldi's. If you like thin-crust, traditional Italian style pizzas that are simple and delicious (more about the mix of flavors and textures) then Grimaldi's is your place. I've had both Grimaldi's in Brooklyn and Lombardi's.....I prefer Grimaldi's. The Grimaldi's in Scottsdale is pretty close to the original in Brooklyn, although not quite as good....hence the 4 stars. Keep an open mind, expect good, traditional, thin-crust, simple, Italian pizza and you'll be all good.
5	I never wanted to wait in the long lines in Brooklyn to try this infamous pizza.  Now I know the reason for the lines under the venerable Brooklyn Bridge - it isn't just a tourist thing - as far as NY pizza goes, this is as good as I have had.  Everything was fresh and outstanding - the pizza, the salad and the desserts (cheesecake, tiramasu & cannoli).
4	If you are in a mood for some brick oven pizza, come here! The crust is crunchy and bubbly! The cheese is stringy and goo-ey and the red sauce made just right. yum, yum, yum! =)
4	you can't beat grimaldi's personal pizza with basil, onion, and meatball.  find a better combo and let me know.  peroni on tap - cold as hell.  no qualms here.  i'll be back again and again.
4	very nice staff. great house salad I could like bathe in it's tasty dressing for my life. I don't actually like pizza, but this stuff was no joke .Delicious sauce, very cheesey ,excellent crust. I'll be back next time I'm in Arizona
4	I have serious pie cred- I grew up in NJ-NY metro and lived on the border of Italy (Alps) for the last five years. Grimaldi's must be the best Pizza in the Southwestern US. Stopped in here on holiday and had one of the best pizzas of my life. Perfect (not-too) thin crust, fresh home made mozzarella, flavorful tomato sauce topped with top notch pepperoni and jalapenos. Wash that down with Peroni on tap and you have perfection.
5	I came across their pizza at the culinary festival a few years ago. I kept wanting to try it again, but it is a little far from my home. So I finally grabbed my wife and said "tonight it's my night to decide where we are going to ear".  Now we make it a point to go there once a week. The pizza is some of the best I've ever tasted.  Not sure why or what it is about it. Maybe it is the sauce, but yet it may be the crust.This is the type of food that your mouth waters when you think about it.I highly recommend trying Grimaldi's. But get there early.  Sitting in the bar area is always fun too.
2	Unfortunately, I have to say I was disappointed in Grimaldi's =(.  Let's start off by talking about the food.   The menu is limited to only pizza and salad, so we got both and they were just average.   They have no "signature" pizzas, it's all build your own.   The topping selection was very limited, so we ordered a large pizza  1/2 with pesto and kalamata olives, and  1/2 with ham and pepperoni.   They charge you for toppings on the whole pizza even if you only get them on half which is a little ridiculous, but whatever.  I ordered a side of red sauce to dip my pesto pizza in.  It was watery and flavorless, it needed garlic and salt! The only thing I can say good about the pizza is they use fresh mozzarella, so it wasn't greasy.   The house red wine was decent and a good price by the carafe, overall they had a nice wine selection.   Our server was friendly and prompt, and the atmosphere was cozy.  We had a big party so we had a private room.  Needless to say, after spending $65 for mediocre pizza, wine and salad, this is not a venue we will choose to go back to.  If you want a great place to go for pizza and wine in Old Town, skip Grimaldi's and go to Grazie, you won't be disappointed!
4	The pizza here is way above par!  Wood fired pizza and it's very tasty.  Always packed and the pizza is very consistent.  If you dont like pizza, try this one.  Ruling.
4	If I could give this 4.5 I would.  Grimaldis is pretty damn awesome.  Its the best pizza you can get outside of NY and I have been to many of them.  This one was almost as good as the others except for a few things.We went to eat in when we first got into town on Thursday.  We were the only people in there for about 15 minutes.  We placed our order but it took forever.  The manager came by and apologized and even said there would be a little discount on the bill.  We ordered our usual, large pepperoni and garlic pizza and we shared a small Mediterranean salad.The salad came out pretty quick and it was tasty as usual.  The pizza finally came out and you know what?  It was a tad greasy.  Like greasy on the bottom.  I have never experienced that at any of the Grimaldis I have been to before.  The pizza tasted damn fine but somehow not as good as the NY/Las Vegas/Other Scottsdale locations.  We finished up our meal and they brought over the check.  There was no discount on it like the manager had said there would be.  I hate complaining so I didn't even say anything, but thats kind of messed up that they tell you there will be a discount for the long wait and then it never happens.  Semi weak sauce!We ordered pickup 2 other nights we were there and that went smooth.  One night I had to go in and pick up my pizza from the bar.  The other evening, you just had to pull up out back and they brought it out to you which was nice.Overall its still the best pizza you can get out here in the West.  The sauce, fresh mozzarella and thin crust cannot be beat.  Awesome pizza and thanks to the stupid EPA and coal ovens, we cant get one out here in CA.  Its a damn shame.  If Arnold would taste one of these pizzas, I bet he wouldn't give a shit if a tad more pollution enters our airspace ;-).  Grimaldis pizza is amazing and well worth it!
4	Yummy! Great location I might add.  Oh pizza - necter of the gods :)  I can eat pizza any day anytime.  It's one of those food that is fun and good - please do play with your food!  At Grimaldi's you create your own combination of toppings.  Yes, my friend use your imagination and go with it.  Needless to say, I rather enjoyed my pizza (Ricotta Cheese & Jalapenos) Though it was tad bit spicy, but I can dig.  Ambience is nice kitchenesque wine bar like.  Service was top!  This place can get pretty pricy though - the more topping the more dollars yikes!  However, definitely worth the visit - enjoy!
4	This place has fantastic pizza!   We happened to be driving by around 8 p.m. and noticed that there were a lot of people in the restaurant, which is usually a pretty good indication that it's a good place to eat.  Well, we weren't disappointed.  Thin crust pizza with delicious ingredients.  Luckily, we ordered a large and it was large!  We took home quite a bit and enjoyed the leftovers for the next couple of days.  We would definitely do that again.  I must mention the Greek Salad we had - HUGE!  The ingredients were super fresh and it was just heavenly.  One of the best Greek Salads I've ever had.  We saw a Caesar Salad go by and it, too, was huge and looked delicious.  We'll be trying that one out next time.The service was exceptional as the gal that waited on us was full of personality and very helpful with information on the restaurant, as well as the food. I highly recommend Grimaldi's!
4	For some reason I wasn't sure I wanted to try this place, but it all worked out. Grimadi's is in a great location in old town Scottsdale, right around the corner from a million little art galleries and boutique shops. It's a beautiful area to stroll around in before and after dinner - but if shopping is one of your objectives, make it before dinner, the streets seem to roll up by 7pm.Anyway, back to the pizzeria. Grimaldi's had a pretty good sized dining room with tables that sit just a hair to close together for my taste. The crowd is lively and boisterous - everyone seemed to be having a really good time gabbing over their New York style pie (so much so that maybe this wouldn't be the best place to go with your hearing impared mother). The menu is simple. It's a few salads, pizza or calzones. That's it. If you don't want pizza, get out.The pies are BIG. A personal pizza is still 12 whopping inches and no one in our group was able to finish one - this is a place where the to go box is almost a given. The crust is thin, the toppings plentiful and the sauce a bit sweet. I opted for a calzone which comes standard with fresh mozarella and ricotta cheese and to that I added Italian sausage and jalepanos (I love me some spicy peppers!).  If ricotta isn't your bag baby, just have them leave that out. It does add a bit of creaminess to the overall cheese texture (which is plentiful) but that didn't bother me and I thouht it went great with the sausage and peppers. I ate 2 of the 4 sections the calzone was cut up into and I probably could have stopped at 1. This place is for sharing, that's what I'd say. Thumbs up on the calzone for its well done crust and fresh fillers - I'd get this again.We got the small house salad with Romaine, red onion, cherry tomatoes, oven roasted sweet red peppers, mushrooms and green olives in the house vinaigrette. Awesome and the small is enough to feed 3 people as a starter.The staff is helpful and efficient. The decor is simple and homey - red checkered tablecloths just say pizza if you ask me. They have a wine list that's pretty extensive and the bottles seem reasonably priced (and they can cork any bottle you don't finish and you can take it with you).While I can't say its the absolute best pizza I've ever had, Grimaldi's is simply a fun place to eat and I'd definitely go back.
5	This is my favorite pizza. In AZ. So far.me thinks?
5	Came here again this past week.  Ordered a personal white pizza with cheese and a large pepperoni and garlic.  It was awesome!  Some of the best pizza ever!  It was better than last month when I came and that's why this is getting bumped up to 5 stars.  We got our stuff much quicker this time and our waitress and the manager were on top of everything.  A great meal before the Diamondbacks game.  Grimaldis pizza is simply the best!
5	I really don't require a whole lot from a pizza (or a pizza joint, for that matter). You don't have to hand build yourself a big old brick oven, grind your own semolina wheat into flour, milk your own cows for the milk for the mozzarella and press your own olives into super duper virgin olive oil, to impress me.I don't need for to you to have been blessed by Oprah or Jerry or any of their friends.All I need is a well-made and high quality pie, friendly and comfortable surroundings, a glass or two of a nice cab or syrah and friendly service and smiling faces!That's really pretty simple (but then, I am a simple man with simple needs...almost humble, really...and noted far and wide for my humility and modesty...I guess I would say "renowned").But enough about me...let's talk pies!Grimaldi's has 'em and a ton of people seem to like 'em!Rightly so...they are terrific!The Beautiful Carin and I wandered down to Grimaldi's last evening for dinner...split a Caesar, had a pie and couple of glasses of syrah...sat in the back, near the kitchen and watched the chef's hand toss the pies and stoke the oven with coal...All dark wood, red accents and black and white checked table cloths...just the way a pizza joint should be!Time to share our weeks with each other and decide how we want our weekend to look...a lovely Friday evening ritual...what a great meal and a great way to slide into the weekend!Tasty pizza dough, savory sauce and any pretty much any combination of cheese/no-cheese and high quality toppings that you could want, all baked to blistery perfection in the non-homemade coal fired brick oven!For those of us who don't always like to be told what to do...we get to customize our pizza (and the wait staff doesn't look at you like you just pooped in your chair for having the temerity to attempt to have a pizza pie the way you want it, instead of the way the pizza pooh-bah thinks you should have it)...that's right...have it any way you want!And yes, they get busy at Grimaldi's and you might have to wait from time to time, but the pleasant people who work the front of the house go out of their way to make you feel welcome and wanted!* They give you pizza shaped pagers to let you know when they are ready for you, rather than telling you that you have to come find them every hour to find out if you are going be able to eat;* There are tons of things to do nearby (within easy walking distance) if there is a bit of a wait, as well as a terrific and reasonably priced full bar to enhance your appetite;* They give you reasonably accurate estimates of the wait time, so you can decide what you would like to do (as opposed to telling you the wait is "2 hours" and then telling you 4 hours later that they have run out of everything and they are done for the night...too bad for you)In other words, Grimaldi's operates as a good restaurant should, providing an excellent product and wonderful and friendly service at very reasonable price points!I understand that one's taste in pizza is subjective and "who's best" is the subject of nearly endless and tedious debate...I mean really tedious...I'm not going be the one to broker peace in our time in the never ending Pizza Wars.For me, Grimaldi's is a slice of contentment, satisfaction and relaxation...I don't care who wins the Pizza Wars, as long as I can get a Friday night pie every week or two at Grimaldi's!
4	One of my favorite pizza places in the Valley. I've had several different combinations with ricotta and sausage being a few of my favorite toppings. Grimaldi's is always a hit amongst me & my co-workers for lunch. It can get pricey though when going in a large group. We often pay $15 each (incl tax & tip) for 2 slices each. It's so yummy though! Their tiramisu is also really good. I could do w/o their salads.. I have yet to try one that stands out. And service is usually very good!
1	I was not impressed by Grimaldi's in the slightest, and I am a very forgiving and understanding customer.The girl who served us seemed like she was ready to go home. She took our order, someone else brought the meal, and she checked on us once. Then my drink ran out and I found a bug in my food. So I'm peering around trying to get her attention unaware that she had already left and our server had changed. I suppose she forgot to mention that if we needed anything, we should ask someone else.Moving on to the bug. I've worked at restaurants and know that these things happen.  Wouldn't have even caused a slight deduction if it were handled the way it should have been. I very quietly brought it to the attention of one of the hosts (since I couldn't find the disappearing waitress) The bartender seemed genuinely sorry. I couldn't eat the pizza anymore because all the spices looked like a butt of the fruitfly that I had just dug out of cheese pizza with my finger*ugh* The manager insisted the bug got there after he gave it to me and he "knew" that it wasn't baked in. He comped the pizza and took it away. I ordered a canoli since I was still hungry but really grossed out, and we each got a coffee with liqueur. So we spent 30 dollars on a ruined dinner. We ordered our sodas to go with the pizza, we ordered the canoli to replace the pizza that I was starving for and didn't get to eat. I know how a good restaurant works, and A. you do not tell the customer that she was wrong and she did not just dig a bug from INSIDE of her food and B. You don't charge her for her drinks and replacement food (especially when it's a 4$ canoli). You charge for the booze if there was any (and there was)So I'm home, an hour of my day is gone, and I'm still hungry. What I had of the food was good but I would eat dominos before paying for service that I don't receive.
3	I'm giving this place 3 stars as an average. I would give the food 4 stars. The pizza was above average. The ingredients are top notch quality, I would have liked a little more cheese though, it was great. Prices were average. The menu was limited though, if you are not in the mood for pizza, don't come here, not really any other options. I would give the service 2 stars. Maybe. Our server didn't seem to want to be there, She took our order, someone else brought our food and refilled our tea, server didn't come back again until we were finished eating. We both had empty glasses and she never even offered a refill. Once she brought our check, it took her 10 minutes to come back and pick it up. BTW, she wasn't busy, we saw her standing around talking with the other servers. Overall, we may return, the pizza was good but there are a ton of good pizza joints around town with way better service!
4	If you want to-the-tee authentic Brooklyn pizza, go to Brooklyn. But, if you want a nice alternative of Brooklyn pizza meets the hot desert, visit Grimaldis. Whenever I walk into Grimaldis and see the red and white checkered tablecloths, the pizzas being made in front of your eyes, the bottles of wine going around and the red brick brightening up the place, it takes me back to my childhood days of classic pizza parlors, Friday night pizza and TGIF TV. The pizza here is large, doughy and pretty tasty. I normally go for the classic pepperoni and I like the pepperonis they choose. The pizzas don't run cheap but it could easily feed a family of four. The pizzeria has plenty of seating and at nighttime, the place will be hustling and bustling with everyone from the retired, to the date night couples to families out for a cheesy treat. So this is a pizza parlor. Is it the best pizza in Phoenix? That's for you to decide. I think it's good, but pizza is pizza. If I could do 3.5 stars, I probably would, but it gets four because it's in a good location, the pizza leaves me happily satisfied and it provides a fun atmosphere if you want to feed your grease addiction and take it back to the Lady and the Tramp days (you know, when they eat the spaghetti and then kiss?) of amore in the Italiano pizza parlor environment.
4	Grimaldi's is my alternative choice for pizza if we did not make it to LGO. I have been to this location a few times in the past year, the pizza has been consistently delicious, thin pizzas with the only things you wanted. I like their concept of 'build your own pizza from size, cheese and toppings". I always have my pizza with Italian sausages, mushrooms and sun dried tomatoes. Hmmm....Service was great, and their waiting timer is a cute slice of pizza. I'd give 5 stars if their seating can be rearranged, I think it's a bit too crowded right now...
3	The restaurant had a very welcoming feel to it, and I liked how attentive the employees were.  In terms of the pizza, we ordered a medium with tomatoes and mushrooms.  I knew it was a bit on the plane side, but the pizza could have definitely used more seasoning, salt, flavor, something.  I think I've eaten at the New York one before, and I remember that pizza tasting much better.
4	Two words: Ricotta cheeseYes, it costs extra for all the things I like on my pizza, and I was shocked when I ordered a large and a personal pizza one night and the total was $45, but it just tastes so good. The personal pizza is definitely big enough for 2 people to enjoy. My recommendations:- Pizza with Ricotta Cheese, Sausage and Jalapenos. - Pizza with Ricotta Cheese, Chicken, Sun-dried Tomatoes, BasilI don't live in Arizona, but I make a point of stopping here every time I visit. Supposedly one is opening up in Manhattan Beach, CA and I couldn't be more excited about it!
3	Something's wrong.  I'm not sure if its because we went towards the end of the night last time or what, but the pizzas weren't the same.  The crusts were a bit thicker and not crisp, and it didn't have much of the coal-fired flavor.  The red pizza came out bland and the white garlic came out salty.  I'm hoping it was just an off-night because usually the pizza is pretty good.
3	Meh. That's what I've got for this one.Why the hell is there a 2 hour wait for this place? It's not bad, but it's certainly not amazing. They have tiny menu -- pizza, calzones, a app salad, and antipasto. That's it. Period. Done.  So therefore, their customer service and food should be out of this world. They're not.I got there "early" for Scottsdale, and was given a buzzer and a 30-45 minute wait, so I sat down out front to wait for the rest of my party.  My friends arrived. And we waited and waited. I went to check at 35 minutes, and we were next on the list.  Finally, at an hour, I went back inside to check. "Oh, we buzzed you twice, you didn't answer." Um, no. I purposely didn't wander somewhere more comfy and away for douchey guys with their collars popped so that I could be near the door. And if someone doesn't answer their buzzer, how about stepping the 2 feet out the door and calling their name, so maybe at the least, you could get your pizza shaped buzzer back.It didn't really get better from there. We finally got sat. It took forever to order, and longer to get our food. Not to mention that all three of our glasses (sprite, iced tea and water) stood empty for literally 25 minutes (I timed it). Calzones came and they were ok, but certainly nothing to write home about.  From being seated to getting out of there, it was about 1 hour, 45 minutes. That's how slow the service was.I'm giving 3 stars, because I have since heard that their pizza is their thing, and I'm willing to wait and see on that.
3	I was excited to try the famous NY brick oven pizza joint via their location in Scottsdale. We came on a Thursday nite, and didn't have to wait for a table. The pizza was HA-UGE in diameter. We ordered a small, and it was 16 inches!!! We didn't realize that their "personal" size pizza was 12". That's double the size of a Pizza Hut personal pan pizza.But anyway, the pizza was OK. It kinda fell short on taste...almost a bit bland. The thin crust didn't leave much to be desired, it sort of tasted cardboardy as time passed. I'm going to assume the pizza at their NY locations taste different because of the "water"....so for that fact alone, I'll leave the rest of my pizza adventures to be had in NY, and will get back to ya.
3	To someone not knowing better, the crowd would indicate that this place is out of this world.  Maybe in a place short on options for pizza, it is.  Since I hail from a town full of Italian immigrants with more great pizza joints than there are gas stations, I wasn't blown away.  So, here's how it went.  There was to be a wait for our table so we made our way up to the bar and ordered a round of drink.  All were served up in a tall glass, but were overly watered down.  The bartender was efficient and attentive, though.  Soon our table became available and we were seating smack in the middle of the main walkway with servers navigating around us all evening.  The menu quickly narrows your options.  No, don't flip it over!  That really is all there is to choose from. Pizza, calzones and a few salads.  Although, there ARE numerous pizza toppings to tack on to your thin crust coal fired oven pizza.   We ordered the caprese salad which was plenty enough to share.  The antipasto is strictly some meats  and cheese laid on the plate with a small assortment of olives and some roasted red peppers.  This is fine, if you're expecting it.  Two personal size pizzas is plenty for four hungry women.  I most enjoyed the ricotta, fresh tomato and pesto combo myself.  Yet, then again, those are three of my favorites.  So pick three of your favorites (or more) and you're likely to come up with a pizza that isn't bad.  The dough isn't memorable and the bottom seemed a tad ashy.  The dessert menu follows suit with the dinner menu adhering to few options including a variety of cheesecakes, a cannoli and tiramisu.  I opted for the plain cheesecake, which was pretty darn good.  It was not overly dense nor was it whipped into a airy substance. Service isn't stellar, the pizzas are generously sized.  Just add good company!
2	Walked in last night hoping to have a nice pie and great beer but they took off Four Peaks Kilt Lifter.  I quickly went elsewhere.  Why do they replace such a good selling staple?
1	No. No. No. No. and NO.Ohhh Grimaldi's your yelp pictures look so good, but you were a disappointment to say the least. So again went here for dinner one night during MLB spring training. Definitely pizza place looking for sure and crowded, so we assumed it would be good. We sat outside, next to a group of obnoxious 12+ 40 year old wannabe 20 year old women plus one dude. They kept referring to their one lesbian looking friend as "Justin", which was pretty funny because she did actually look like Justin Beiber.Our waitress was really nice, but the food took like 40 minutes to get out to us and all we really ordered was pizza and a salad. Their white pizza, absolutely disgusting. No flavor. Too flat. Dry. EW.Definitely not coming back here...
4	Holy mother of goodness.  The smell, the location, the ambiance are all cool, but the food is delicious and brings you back for more.Quite possibly the 2nd best pizza I have ever had.  I picked it last Friday as take out and drove the few blocks to my hotel and it was piping hot on arrival.I am plotting on when to try it again.
4	Grimaldi's was an excellent experience.  We took a large group of us (about 12 people) down for a team dinner and were quickly seated at our reserved table.  The impeccable service, good pizza and overall ambiance were very "pizza shop".  The overall location is not over the top, however it really exceeded expectations and the pizza was
5	How are there not more 5's!??!  Best pizza that has EVER EVER EVER touched my lips! Try pepperoni and ricotta as toppings and you won't regret it.  My boyfriend loves it now.  My last trip to NYC included a visit to the original in Brooklyn.  That was a lot of fun, but I'll say the version in PHX is even better! People like to have rehearsal dinners or even weddings here.  Cute place.  Good first date. GO.
3	I should start to lower my expectations when I try out new places. Recently I've been walking into over-hyped places only to get an average experience.Its 4 pm on a Wednesday afternoon, and the place barely has 1-2 families eating there. That's ok, it must just be the time of day. I like the quiet, peaceful restaurants anyways. Cool decorations, a nice variety of seating, and dirty plates on the tables seemed to be the norm. My plate along with my significant other's plate had weird dirt, or ash from coal on it. Seriously? If I'm paying $15 for a 12" pizza I'm hoping the plates I get are at least clean. Oh well, what can I expect, I'm in Scottsdale.This is totally the "trust-fund-pizza-place". Pretty much every family dining here was sippin' on dat kriss. Ok, maybe not Hypnotik, but they were ALL drinking fine wine. I don't drink alcohol, but still, this place seemed a little too posh for me. I just wanted to see what the buzz was about. We got half plain-red and half-'white' with garlic. The traditional pizza was pretty darn good, the sauce was probably some of the most perfect sauce I've had, and there was enough cheese on there, but not enough to make the pizza ridiculously oily. However, don't go in here thinking you're gonna get as much cheese as a Pizza Hut pizza. The white side was pretty good as well, the garlic taste was subtle despite the large amounts of minced garlic. The only downside is that the white pizza had way too much cheese in contrast to the other side, and thus it was a little bit too oily. To make things worse, the worst part about the pizza was that the crust was too crispy. Gourmet, wood-fire? That's cool and all, but no one likes an overdone crust that is essentially a cracker with (sauce and) melted cheese. This was sort of the deal breaker for me unfortunately. I thought the rest of the pizza was tasty, but I had a hard time understanding the rough crust.Its funny because they had like 30 employees there when I went. It was rather annoying to see a bunch of employees joking around, walking around aimlessly, and needlessly destroying the atmosphere of a cool restaurant. Don't get me wrong, the pizza isn't spectacular, but it's a cool place to go for a business meeting or to treat your significant other. I wonder if my pizza is overpriced because the place is overstaffed?If you have a trust fund this place will be your favorite place. If you don't, then you'll come here once and only once just to say you've been here. If you don't follow hype, then don't worry about making your way over ehre.
5	On my fourth visit to Grimaldi's something amazing happened. I decided to try the pesto pizza, took one bite and POW! I was blown away! This pizza place was already out of this world awesome in my mind but after tasting their pesto pizza, Grimaldi's officially won a pizza my heart.Grimaldi's is a genuine, high-quality pizza joint that oozes class. By no means is it an over the top cheese ball pizza parlor packed to the brim like Oreganos. Instead, this place is so basic that it's luxurious. At Grimaldi's, less is more. It is quite simple really, as their menu doesn't have much on it except for pizza, salad and wine. However, I've come to find that basic/limited menus are always a good sign because that means a restaurant can specialize and perfect a specific item, and in Grimaldi's case, that item is authentic NY style pizza.Inside, it can get very loud and very busy. On the weekends, waiting for a table can take forever but the wait is 100% worth every second. And even though this place gets packed to the brim, once you grab a table it doesn't feel packed. There is enough spacing in between tables to where you don't feel squished. The red brick interior and awesome framed photos that adorn the walls really bring this place to life.The pizzas here don't come cheap but I'm telling you they are undoubtedly worth the higher price tag and the longer wait. With the freshest toppings and endless make your own pizza combinations, you really can't go wrong with the menu at Grimaldi's. Their crust is also to die for, and that's probably because of their amazing pizza oven and pizza chefs!Every single time I've been here, the service has been spectacular. Yes, it has taken longer than I would have liked for a pizza to arrive at my table but the wonderful thing about the servers at Grimaldi's is that they don't ignore you or try to avoid you if your waiting a long time to receive your food (due to the fact that they are packed). Instead, they update you on your order and acknowledge the fact that the kitchen is running behind. Their customer service skills make all the difference.Recently, Matt's company decided to throw their Christmas party in one of their event rooms, and the wait staff did an outstanding job. They were friendly, accommodating and at the end they even packaged all the extras for people to take home because there was sooooooo much food! I also have to note that they have multiple rooms for larger parties, and the cost to hold an event in one of their rooms (complete with catering and an open full bar, whoo hoo!) is EXTREMELY affordable and a total steal for what you get. I highly recommend hosting an event at Grimaldi's!Overall, I love that Grimaldi's brings a little taste of authentic New York to Scottsdale with their superior service and exceptionally tasty food.
5	I'm dropping five stars for Grimaldi's for the total experience. Not only is the pizza delicious, but the decor is fresh and modern with a warm and inviting feel. The kitchen is open air at one end of the main room, with plenty of seating, and a good sized full bar at the other end. The service is quick, with very friendly and accommodating staff. Now to the food and drink. I had the Santan Brew Devil's Ale because they were out of the IPA, but I was pleased to find that the Devil was still hoppy and a good pairing with pizza... flavorful but not too strong. The pizza... man oh man the pizza. Definitely the best thin crust I've ever had. The cooking technique gives it a very nice crispy outside but soft inside. The cheese is always fresh mozzarella and both the traditional red sauce and white garlic are great. All the ingredients are fresh and tasty and worth the money. My last visit left me wanting more sausage but that's a small discrepancy in a solid track record. At the very least give it a try and if it falls short it's all good... it's just pizza people.Oh almost forgot, the Canoli are awesome! Maybe slightly overpriced for the size, but well made and decadent.
3	Decent pizza, but over priced.  Generally feel like you are sitting on top of the people at the next table over.  Lots of tables crammed in a small area.  The best dining experience we have had there was in the small private room.  That was really nice and made the food more enjoyable.
5	This might be the best pizza I have ever eaten: traditional crust with sun-dried tomatoes and pesto.  Crunchy thin crust, top-notch ingredients, delicious flavor... Perfect with a Peroni beer!  Right off of old-town Scottsdale and within walking distance of some of the best art in Arizona, this is a perfect place to have an excellent pizza.  Kid-friendly too!
5	BEST PIZZA IN PHOENIX!  I've searched this town far and wide and Grimaldis is the best around.  Original New York pie.  Fresh mozzarella, coal fired crust, and a delicious, sweet sauce.  My family is from the East Coast and this is the place I take them when they are in town.  It won't disappoint.  I also checked out the Pizzeria Bianco.  Don't get me wrong, it's a great pie, but it doesn't stand up to Grimaldis.  Oprah, stick your book list.
4	I really enjoyed my experience there.  The review mentioning the Caprese salad were right.  Very generous portions. The pizza had a lot of topping options and were all delicious.  If there was only one thing to pick from that I think could've been better, I personally like a crispier crunch / crust.  Still, that's not taking that much away from what I consider a good experience. Also, any place that carries Fat Tire beer is gets bonus points right away.
5	So happy this worked into this visit to Scottsdale! We had tried the Far North Scottsdale location last year when we visited and I FELL IN LOVE...no joke, I would have it shipped to my home in MN if I thought it would travel well. But, alas, the best thing about coal-fired pizza is that you don't want to travel any distance or in any rush....just slowly take in the aroma and the flavour....and, if you're a fan of libations, a Peroni washes this down nicely at lunch as does a deep Cab Sauv at night :)I'm always happy to find red-and-white tablecloths in a pizza parlour....maybe sounds cheesy (ha!), but it just puts a smile on my face! The lunchtime hostess at this location was really excited about her job, the food, and the weather - what a great smile she has and how very welcoming she was that day for this party of one! I sat in the bar, was greeted promptly by a great waitress who knew exactly how much time to allow for decisions, and I ordered a personal pizza with 'choke hearts and kalamata olives. It came to the table sliced into 6 pieces and I honestly could have been finished after 2....but why would I deprive myself while on vacation? DUH! So, I ate a third slice and took half of the pizza back to our condo for a future snack.....lucky future snack tummies unite!Do your family a favor and take them to Grimaldi's :()
4	Service 5Food 4Cleanliness 5Atmosphere 4Value 3Pros:Friendly StaffQuality PizzaCons:WaitNo ReservationsPriceyBeen trying to go here for a long time but the fact that you can't make reservations and the wait time on weekends is usually insane has kept me away. Got here 7:30 Sunday and got seated right away. Went with some friends who had been here before so trusted their suggestions. Don't overload your pizza here there is no need. Pick 2 things and let the ingredients do their thing.My brain didn't process until just now how pricey this actually was. A large pizza, shared large salad, two waters, two sodas $43 whoa?!? But whatever good food is what it is.Onto The Food!White Pizza:We went with Italian sausage and roasted red peppers. Liked the sausage, was sliced whole verses crumbled. Mass amounts of garlic on this pizza which I'm fine with. Donno how I would feel about taking a date here. One thing I didn't like was the garlic was the jarred variety, you can tell by the slight vinegary flavor. The mozzarella was a dry variety but kept the pizza from getting soggy, points for that. Olive oil was smokey, nutty, strong and EVO I'm sure. The roasted red peppers were light and very sweet.Mediterranean Salad:Yep.. this was a salad :p Nothing super special but it did the job.
4	If you're a fan of New York style pizza, this is the place to go in Scottsdale.Great pie, pretty good service. Recently I was there with a couple friends. Two of us had lived a short time in NYC and have eaten at the original Grimaldi's, we both think that Grimaldi's in Scottsdale comes very close to the "real thing."  The third guy, a native New Yorker, concedes that it is very good (but disputes that anything outside NYC can be authentic NYC pizza).So there you have it, if you aren't from NYC and you want an authentic taste of the big apple, or if you ARE from the city and you want to annoy your non- native NYC friends while eating some "pretty good" pizza, Grimaldi's in Scottsdale is the place.(Quick tip, take it for what it's worth: MHO if you order more than one or two items on your pie, the pizza starts to loose its character.)
5	Excellent pizza.Stopped in for dinner a couple of days ago.  Seated quickly.  Attentive waiter.  Small pizza (pepperoni & sausage) with a lovely glass of red wine.  I was seated near the pizza oven and got to watch the guys making my pizza.  Fresh balls of dough hand stretched into the crust.  Plenty of toppings, cheese and just the right amount of sauce.  Coal fired oven was glowing red hot, pizza going in, out.  Time from being pulled from the oven, to being at the table was seconds.  The wait staff were lined up to deliver the pizza to the tables quickly.   My pizza was done perfectly.  One of the best I've had in a very long time.  I got to watch other folks ordering and eating, and they all had a satisfied look on their faces.  Clearly this is a local favorite.  Families, people out for a date, folks like me who just wandered in - all seemed pleased with their meals.  Place did get busy about 20 minutes after I got there, so I imagine if you go at peak times, there will be a wait.  Grimaldi's doesn't try to be all things to all people.  It does pizza, calzone and a couple of salads - and does them very well.  The wine list is reasonably inclusive and not over priced.  Plenty of seating inside and out.  Prices were reasonable.  Place was clean.  Service was excellent.  Total for the wine and more pizza than I could eat by myself, was $27.  Bottom line - Excellent pizza.  Go try it.  It's worth a visit.
4	So my brother is getting married and we had the rehearsal dinner here last night. It was so nice! I had no idea that they had a bunch of party rooms in the back of this restaurant. They're very cute. So the party went well and everyone who worked there was friendly and helpful. The food was good, especially the salads (caeser, house, and caprese) and the artichoke dip. Yum, I would go back to eat those again. The pizza was just ok, we had a bunch of different types, but I just didn't think they were anything too special. I thought the pepperonis tasted kind of weird, maybe just not what I was used to. The plain cheese pizza was really good, so I'd probably just go for that if I came back. Also, parking is a bit difficult in the area, they have a lot but it is really small. We had to park a few blocks away and walking in heels was not so pleasant. That's not really the restaurant's fault though, it's kind of the nature of the area.
4	Nice crispy crust.  Came here the other night and ordered a pie at the bar, with a couple of beers.  Definitely  an Old Town Scottsdale institution.  Their calzone looked pretty good, and enough for two people, unless you were the 135 lb guy sitting next to me, that scarfed down the whole thing himself.  I mean if he ate it all, it had to be good.  They also have some pretty good local beers on tap and by the bottle.   I'll definitely add this  my repertoire of AZ pizza haunts.
5	Have only been here for lunch as I work around the corner and don't live too close. The pizza has been excellent every time as well as the service. If you like think crust not greasy pizza - give them a try.
4	obvious go to. We felt the need to visit this place only days after getting back from NYC. the original is under the brooklyn bridge and we never ventured that way. as good as it is here, i cant imagine how fantastic it is in nyc with the water. completely reminiscent of the nyc style pies we had only days before from Lombardi's and John's Pizzeria... the first pizzeria in NY and the other on our pizza tour, respectively. Outstanding. If setting reservations, call before 4pm. only knock of the star is the price for the pie. It seemed priced the same as i'd expect of the nyc city location despite being in az. Even the pie's we had at John's and Lombardi's, in East village and Little Italy in Manhattan were priced more competitively then this.
5	Besides the original location in Brooklyn, this is the Grimaldi's location that started the love affair for me.  I'll never forget driving down Scottsdale Road in May 2006, days after I moved into town from Washington, DC and I saw the Grimaldi's sign.  I thought, "Could it be?  Could Grimaldi's from Brooklyn actually have opened up a new location?!?"  Sure enough, I learned that they sold the recipe to a company that is opening up franchises (something like that) of the pizzeria.  I was thrilled!  Tasted it and was even more thrilled to see it tasted so similar to the Brooklyn location.  I have been to four locations around the Valley and each one makes excellent thin crust coal burning oven pizza.  Totally top notch!  Best pizza in AZ hands down!  My favorite Grimaldi's pizza: Large with pepperoni, sausage, and basil (baked in).  Can't go wrong.Also, their "small" salads are big enough to share.
5	Yummy!!!!    Very good.   Wow, calzone personal can feed two.   :)
5	Delicious!! This place is one of my favorites and I've always been completely satisified with everything I've ordered.  The service is great, always friendly and the NY pizza is very tasty!  Definitely worth a visit if you're in Old Town for lunch or dinner.
5	Having lived in this hood for almost three years, THIS is my favorite pizza, period. I loved having a gin & tonic or their house red while sitting in the patio/courtyard; the dough they brought for my daughter to make a pizza out of while our delicious coal fired Italian black olive and mushroom pizza was getting blazen fire licks of love.  The rooms that line the courtyard are great for larger indoor/outdoor parties.We can't wait to visit!
4	My friends and I had a great experience dining at Grimaldi's!  The atmosphere is perfect for dining in Old Town Scottsdale, the prices were reasonable, service was good, the salads were tasty, and the pizza was superb.  We only ordered a cheese pizza, but it was far better than most pizzas I have had.  The pizza has just the right amount of flavorful sauce and fresh cheese on a thin, crispy crust.
2	First of all, I love thin crust pizza from a coal fired oven.  Grimaldi's on Scottsdale Road is tasty, crisp and reminds me of the great pizza from Philly.  The '2' is because of the dumb schedule and poor service.  We stopped recently for lunch and had an excellent pie.  But the service was really crappy, it took 15 minutes for someone to wander by and collect our order.  Then we wait another 15 for drinks, and finally the pizza showed up.  No one refreshed the drinks or came by to check on us.  AND, there was only one other party in the place!The other item is availability.  They re-stoke the fire in the oven at 4:00 PM.  So you can't get a pizza until 5:30.  Now if you want to stop on the way home to get a pizza for Friday night dinner, forget it.  Dumb.
4	As I just finished a somewhat negative review on my recent visit to the Scottsdale Quarter location, I feel compelled to post a counterbalancing review for the Old Town one. Time and time again, I find Grimaldi's to be our standby pizza joint: perfect thin-but-chewy crust, topped with just the right amount of sauce and ingredients such that we can leave there having pigged out and yet feeling merely comfortably full. The house salad is simple yet perfect starter to lead in to the main event. Also, we are always able to get seated right away, thanks to people's inexplicable aversion to being sitting at the plentiful and generously sized high-top tables right through the front door. Which leaves me with my only suggestion: please ensure that the new SQ location is putting out the same quality product! I hope the oven crew gets a handle on getting the crusts right eventually.
5	Authentic Brooklyn style pizza is what Grimadli's is all about.  I actually don't have a comparison to Brooklyn pizza, but it is pretty darn good.  When you arrive, expect to have at least a 30 minute wait, if not longer.  The great thing is that they give a buzzer that looks like a pizza, so you can walk around nearby in Old Town or hit up a bar.If you plan on eating an entire pizza, expect to have at least 3-4 people helping you.  Their slices are huge.  We got a pizza with red marinara sauce base along with onions, olives, and bell peppers.  The pizza came in about 20 minutes and it smelled incredible.  The pizza had a thin crust but a hearty taste.  The pizza size is enormous, so don't be thinking its a light pizza just because it is thin.The service was fantastic even with a busy audience.  I would come here again with a small group of people and enjoy some pizza.
4	On Friday evening at about 7 pm we had to wait 30 min for a table (for four) and than another 25 min for pizza. The thin crust pizza was delicious but no reservations accepted (need to wait to be seated).
5	Only 5 stars??  That's crap.  I wish they had a 10 stars because Grimadi's would easily get that.Some may not agree with me and there was a point in my life when I thought differently.  A few years ago I had dinner at the Chandler location for the first time.  Yeah it was good, but it was your normal fancy pizza that I figured most trendy places are doing.I don't know what changed from then until now.  I visited this location and we had a party of about eight people.  We all showed up and went to our table. Ordered drinks and quickly ordered the pizzas.  My girlfriend ordered us a pesto pizza with olives and mushrooms.  Others ordered various ones and when they brought them out, we went to town.For years I've been a pizza lover and some of my favorite pizza places are even on here, but I gotta say that Grimaldi's is now my favorite pizza place I have ever been to.I took a bite of that pesto pizza and almost fell off my chair.  I couldn't believe how good it was.  People make jokes at me sometimes because I get rediculous when it comes to good food.  Well, its because I love dining out and when the food and service is great, I get a little extra excited.I also tried some of their sausage with cheese and couldn't seem to say no to more.  Quick note about their pizza.. it is THIN crust pizza.  Think Oregano's and NYPD Pizza had a kid and that kid became President.  That's Grimaldi's (at least in my book).I had 4.5 slices..  yea yeah yeah.. but it was soooo good.I even told our server "dude, this is the best pizza I have ever eaten."  he patted me on the back and said "Awe yeah, that's what we love to hear."I can't wait to go back here again.  Thank you for an awesome time Grimaldi's!
5	Perfect pizza. Plain and simple, I have had none better. Grimaldi's in Old Town is almost exactly my envisionment of a perfect restaurant. To die for food, a romantic yet lively interior, a great jazzy soundtrack, dimmed but not too dark lighting, professional staff, varied drink list and wonderful outdoor seating. Geez, it's always such a treat to come here. Grab a bottle of wine and and a pesto pizza with ricotta and sausage and soak up the intoxicating atmosphere. Five big fat stars.
5	Not far from the taste of the original at the base of the Brooklyn Bridge. With a more roomy dining area. Finding better pizza in this state?? Fuhgettaboutit!
4	I typically do not like chains, but I love Grimaldi's pizza.  The pizza has super thin, crispy crust and great toppings (like meatballs!!!); salads are nothing special, but satisfying (and always get eaten).  If you haven't been, you should try it...if you are a thin crust fan it will give your faves a run for their money.
4	I'm a huge fan of Grimaldi's Pizza.  The Better Half and I stopped in here for dinner and we had a huge appetite.....which is dangerous in a Pizza joint for me.I ordered:Caprese Salad - $7Personal Sized Pizza ($9) with:Sundried Tomatoes - $4Red Peppers - $4Ricotta Cheese - $2Mushrooms - $2Jalapenos - $2http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mz48xdVWcCu463U3Lm7lhA?select=DZ7xu0LF2IIg2_dI1c_CrAThe Better Half ordered a personal sized Pizza ($9) with:Pepperoni - $2Mushrooms - $2Feta Cheese - $2Basil - $2http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mz48xdVWcCu463U3Lm7lhA?select=1PaOTe8Ys9uJUP3u4DjHiQYeah, all toppings are al la carte here....so it's not cheap.  The Pizza was awesome!  I enjoyed every bite.  The combination of the sweet taste of Sun Dried Tomatoes combined with the spicy kick of Jalapenos mixed in with Ricotta, Mushrooms, and Red Peppers hit the spot!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mz48xdVWcCu463U3Lm7lhA?select=l4mZAt7mXpslp4LqexFy5gThe Better Half enjoyed her Pizza too.  Since I'm on my no Meat diet, I took her word for it....as much as I was tempted to give it a try, I resisted....maybe next time.To wash it down, she had 2 glasses of Brazin Zinfandel $8 ea, I had 2 O'douls $4 ea.  All in, the dinner was $72 before tip.Overall, it was a nice dinner.  I finished my food, she took home 1/2 of her Pizza.Return Factor - 100%
4	very good pizza; we were down here visiting from Seattle, and it bests whatever we have to offer in the 'emerald city'.  Just keepin' it real...  The crust was nice, crispy and thin, perfectly cooked.  Mozzarella cheese didn't come out of giant plastic package of shredded cheese, and the ingredients were fresh, the tomato sauce had just the right amount of flavor, and the italian sausage was nicely seasoned just right--not salty, not too spicy.  All in all, a delicious pizza at a eminently reasonable price.  Only potential downside is that there is no pre-set 'combination pizzas' (i.e.  you have to design your own), and that the price per topping is the same regardless of size of pizza you order...
4	Let me start by disclosing that  I am NOT a fan of pizza. When I came here for a family function in their private room I was secretly hoping they would have salad. I was not disappointed. Everything on the buffet was good, from the salads to the pesto penne and penne vodka. When I went back for more penne vodka, all of the food had been devoured so we ordered a few pizzas. The pizza was good, although it wasn't the best pizza I've had. I prefer a thinner crust and more salt. I did like that it was not too heavy on tomato sauce and it was not greasy.Now, the desserts were awesome. The tiramisu was delicious and the cannoli were so good I had three of them.The place was pretty lively and if I lived in Phoenix I would definitely come here again.
5	Still the greatest pizza out here in the West!  My wife and I got a small garden salad, and our usual.....a large pepperoni and garlic pizza.  She had a glass of their new Sangria and I had a Pepsi.  Total after tip was about $45.00.  Well worth it in my opinion.  Simply the best pizza you can get outside of NY...and even then, this will give any pizza joint in NY a run for its money.
5	We just had a large party for lunch. Salads, pizzas and pasta were great! Cannoli and tiramasu was gone in seconds with no leftovers. Pizza with pepperoni and sausage was my favorite. The thin crust is awesome. Manager was super nice.
4	Went here for my birthday with about 12 people and we enjoyed out first experience at Grimaldi's. We had about 4-5 large pizzas and had a lil leftover to take home but boy was that the best pizza I have ever had!! A lil bit hard to find but this is my new favorite pizza place! :)
4	Awesome Caesar salad and thin crust pizza. Not quite in elite status but damn close. (Pizzeria Bianco #1)
5	Simple menu, salads, thin crust pizza and calzones only, full bar, great service.  Our pizza's were very, very good and must try the garlic and oregano condiments too.  Pepperoni is the best I've tasted.  Our server, Nick, was extremely good
5	I'm from Chicago originally, but have spent the last 18 years living in San Francisco and LA.  In this time, I have yet to find a truly great slice of thin pizza in either place.  The closest I've come is Pazzia, an Italian Trattoria in San Francisco (which doesn't really count because it's not a 'by the slice' pizzeria) and Casa Bianca in LA.  Nothing else is truly noteworthy.The wife and I went to Phoenix a few weeks ago to look at real estate.  While there, I wanted to try some NY/Chicago food because there's a huge influence there.  This led us to Yelp...  which led us to Grimaldi's.Let me tell you something...   bomb.Good crust, good sauce, good cheese, quality meats.  Excellent.  I was very happy.  Plus, there are certain types of salad dressings that just feel like Chicago or NY.  Grimaldi's has that too.  I think they're sweeter and less acidic or something.Anyway, if you don't like Grimaldi's, then you just don't get it when it comes to pizza.Grimaldi's, please open a location in LA.
5	Yum! Probably my favorite pizza place in Phoenix. Crust is crunchy and thin (but not too thin--I hate when pizza is ridiculously thin) and it's not over the top greasy. It satisfies a pizza craving without feeling like a disgusting disaster!Salads are also good -- I've always been pleased! The small salad feeds two perfectly when you are splitting a salad & pizza. If I'm splitting a pizza with one person we either get the personal size or small. Personal if we are mildly hungry, of small if we are starving. Sauce & cheese is pretty minimal which at first I was kind of afraid of, but now it's a nice refreshing change and tastes wonderful. If you like pizza oozing with cheese or heavy on sauce, order extra (though it will cost you for extra). IMPORTANT! At 4pm everday they (forget the word...) refresh their coal ovens so they don't bake pizza between 4-5ish. That is inconvenient but I will overlook it because it is so good!Service is good and atmosphere is great. Delish!!!
5	These folks ARE as good as it gets. I may have to return just to visit them. Food cherry on the sundae
4	The pizzas we ordered were amazing...one white pizza and one traditional with basil and tomatoes. Both were perfectly cooked and brought to us by a very friendly wait staff. I will definitely come here again.
5	I am a pizza lover.  I actively search out the best pizza.  When I go on vacation, I make sure to visit at least a few of the top rated pizza places in the state I am in.  But Grimaldi's still beats them all out.  Even though I am a pizza enthusiast I am not one who can analyze every ingredient, so I won't be describing the pizza taste in detail here, I just know if it tastes good or not.  I just got back from a trip to Seattle, and visited two places that claimed to be certified from Italy for their pizza, and I would still take Grimaldi's over them.  I think Bianca is way over hyped, and I'm not one who is eager to wait over two hours for my dinner.  Salads are great, pizza is great GO HERE!!!  Only thing I would complain about is that all pizzas are make your own, and adding a couple toppings can run up the bill.  But even just getting pepperoni is amazing.
5	OMG! So freaking good!!!! Sangria yummers!!!
4	So, I visited the original Grimaldi's under the Brooklyn Bridge 3 years ago.  Low and behold, I go to Phoenix on business and they have several locations. Nice clean restaurant with friendly servers.  The pizza with the thin crust is just out of this world.  Made with olive oil and coal oven baked.  The curst is thin but sturdy and crunchy.  So, nice to the taste. You have the basic cheese pizza, and then can can any ingredients for extra charge.  I had a personal pizza with sausage, mushrooms and olives.  Okay, the sausage was wonderful, the mushrooms freshly cut and the olives freshly cut.  No canned anything.  Outstanding!Had a small salad and large soda which was refilled 3 times. Just fabulous thin crust pizza. Highly recommended!
4	pricy but the cheese pies are delicious!
2	This is very simple, no back story needed...Bar service- AWFUL.  My friends and I were treated so rudely by not 1 but 3 bartenders.    It was so bad, I wish they could get negative stars.Food- AMAZING.  The best pizza in Arizona.  Terrible service= terrible review.The Gilbert location is 1,000 times better.
4	Would absolutely go back for some good pizza pie! Although a bit pricey for what you get the pizza was very good. We even ordered togo which is usually a big no no for us a 3 minute blast in the oven brought the pizza back beautifully.Not my business but staff had a huge chip on their shoulder about the owners wife and were not afraid  to let guests hear about it. It did not affect the expedition of our food but still, don't need to hear it kids!Cheesecake might be the most honest representation of NYC I've seen. Yum!!!The one star that is missed is due to that fact the salads are thrown together with sub-par ingredients, although that's not why I went so oh well! Would I go back, Sure! Would love to try the pie straight out of the oven!!!
5	Grimaldi's is one of my top pizza places in Scottsdale. Fresh ingredients, thin, crispy crust,  amazing flavor. It has a distinctness all it's own. When you are craving pizza you think "I want pizza" or "I want Grimaldi's pizza". It's just not like the others my friend. Decor is typical pizza joint restaurant-red and white checkered tablecloths, simple furniture for their tables and chairs, some black and white photos on the wall. Every time I've been here it's been crowded and typically service is attentive and friendly.
4	We rolled in with a party of 10 for my Son's 21st b-day party. The pizza pies are great - thin crust and very tasty. The place can get very busy...however the waiters and waitresses don't miss a beat with great service.
4	Fun social atmosphere.  Excellent selection of foods.  Great friendly service.  A memorable experience.I ate lunch here with friends after our SF Giants Spring Training Game rained out.  Found shelter here, enjoyed a nice Irish Coffee and split a pizza with some friends.Good times.
5	I can write reviews again!! Came here for my last day of work goodbye lunch and yummm. Only got the chicken pesto but it was delishh. Perfect amount of sauce, chicken and the crust was just right!They also have a parking lot which is helpful in Old Town.  I'll be back!
5	Best Pizza in the valley. We go back again and again...
5	When I took my boyfriend on a culinary tour of Old Town for one of our date nights, Grimaldi's was the first stop. For good reason too! I am of the opinion that this is the best pizza in the Valley. And if you think that Pizzeria Bianco deserves that title then I have four words for you "come at me bro!" I could tell that my boyfriend was skeptical when we walked into the restaurant. It is very typically Italian with red checkered table cloths and the like. However, this place could serve me pizza on any surface and I would still eat it! We orded a Cesar salad, medium pizza with ricotta cheese and mushrooms, and a bottle of Riesling.The salad was so-so. I mean, there isn't much you can do to tweak a Cesar salad. It is what it is. And this one was a great pre-dinner snack.The pizza! Oh lord, the pizza! So delicious! I highly recommend putting ricotta cheese on anything that you order as it is melty and delicious. We ate the whole pizza between the two of us just because it was so damn good! We visited Grimaldi's on a hot Tuesday night, so we got right in. I would suggest making reservations if you want to eat there on a weekend night or during the winter months. Overall, it is a great experience with fabulous service, food, and atmosphere!
4	Wow, the pizza here was great. And I've been to Mozza. I'm not comparing it to Mozza, I'm just saying, the pizza was yummy.This is a family place and very loud, but the food is good and everyone is happy. There is a good selection of wine and beers and a full bar. We started with the mediterranean salad which was fresh and flavorful, unlike a lot of pizzeria salads which are an afterthought at best.We had four different pizzas, two white sauce and two red sauce. I had extra red sauce, pepperoni, and artichoke hearts. One of the best pizzas I've had. Soft in the middle and crispy at the edges, but not so crispy that it was hard to eat and made a mess. Not at all greasy. All the toppings were fresh and the sauce was tangy and not too sweet. The two white pizzas were also good, but I definitely prefer red.There is a large array of toppings and I wanted to try them all. You can also do half/half of different sauces which is a great way to try different things. My mouth is watering thinking about it. I really wish there was a Grimaldi's in LA!Hint: We went across the street for ice cream afterward to a kitschy sundae place and it was great!
5	My husband and I went to Grimaldi's last night and there was a bit of a wait for a table, so we grabbed two seats at the bar. After the bartender Hannah talked to us, we decided to stay there to eat. She was super attentive and really friendly and the bar was actually more quiet than the main restaurant. We had a bottle of the Layer Cake Primitivo, shared a salad and had a pizza with red peppers and meatballs. The pizza (as always) was cooked perfect. Love their thin crust and fresh mozarella. The manager heard that we had a young baby at home, so he came over to talk about his kids and ours with us. He even comped our dessert! Both he and the bartender were really engaging and fun to talk to without being overbearing. They made our experience a wonderful night out--which is important when you only get one a week! We've been there with a big group as well, and got our own little dining room that felt like we were all together at someone's home (without having to have someone cook or pick up!).
5	I wanted to go to Oreganos but my bf suggested we go here instead. Place was dead, so our server was really annoying asking us if we ready to order every 2 minutes. Ordered a small pizza with red bell peppers, italian sausage, and pepperoni. Crust was really soggy first couple bites but as you eat towards the end it is so crispy and delightful. Ingredients tasted very fresh and flavorful.
5	By far the best pizza I've had outside of Italy. Great thin crust pizza pies made fresh with great ingredients what more could you ask for. They have real coal brick ovens which give the pizza that nice char and flavor you can't get at other places. Of all the Grimaldi/Patsy Grimaldi's locations in Arizona I think I like this one in Old Town the best just because of the environment and the fact its in Old Town Scottsdale. If you want great pizza I highly recommend
3	Somehow we stumbled upon this place, I forget what we were looking for in the first place. We had all had a little too drink before hand and a long wondering around looking for some mysterious place and decided this would do fine. Pizza sounded great. This is definitely a family place and very, very, very loud. That served us well because my friend kept getting into a drunken argument with our other friend and was not using family friendly language. The food itself underwhelmed. I love pizza and have grown up with some amazing pizza places near me. The sauces this place had sounded delicious, and it was thin crust which is o so delicious. However what killed me was that you get the sauce and cheese and that is it for free. Every topping costs no less then $4. $4 for a topping! Are you kidding me? Even the fanciest pizza place I love back home gives you two toppings for free, and then charges you at most $2 depending on the topping. I felt like it was highway robbery to pay that much for toppings, but held my tongue. When the pizza came I have to say it was good, but not great. The flavors were there, but not in a BAM way. It was a decent pizza but lacking a lot of umph and punch. Overall it was forgettable meal at a very unforgettable price.
4	So here's the deal. I live six minutes from Grimaldi's by car, I needed a pizza fix on a lazy Tuesday evening about 8:45. As I walked in, the place was jumpin' with a nice crowd of families, couples and singles. I saddled up to the bar, met Karissa and promptly ordered a 12" sausage, pepparoni and jalapena thin crust, coal fired pizza. SENSATIONAL is an understatement. I met the folks, got talkin' World Series baseball, business and life with the troops. After a bit I settled up my $21 tab and hit the road. Will I be back ?...there is no doubt...Grimaldi's in Old Town Scottsdale is a winner !!
5	I am a Pizza snob.  I am qualified to judge pizza as I am a Philadelphian who grew up enjoying great thin crust pizza.  I also lived in Italy when I was in the Navy and was blessed to enjoy the heavenly wood fired stone oven pies that was as good as it gets.Throughout my travels, Grimaldi's is the closest thing to the great pizzas of Italy.  Cooked over charcoal briquets, the pizzas come out perfectly -- thin crusts that are tender and soft yet rigid enough where it won't collapse.  The crust is bursting with flavor.  Cheese and toppings were equal to the outstanding crust. I had my Grimaldi's plain and I had it once with anchovies.  I loved both. But as I learned in Italy: The best pizzas, the ones the old "paisons" liked were the simple cheese pizzas with no toppings [The old men of Italy would probably laugh at some American dude eating a sloppy 12-topping "Supreme Pizza." That's not pizza, that's garbage on dough!!!]. I'd say the plain cheese pizza is the best pizza to get at Grimaldi's.Salads, beverages and service are all top notch.  Servers are friendly and attractive.You can't go wrong with the many great restaurants in Old Town Scottsdale.  But Grimaldi's is probably my favorite.
3	I'm so torn on this review...I like the pizza at Grimaldi's. It's not life changing good, but it's very good. I especially like their crust, you can tell they have good pizza ovens.You walk in and you feel like you're in an old school Italian place...Pretty cool. Red checkered table cloths, Sinatra type music playing, you get the drift. Service is attentive and usually pretty quick. Even if the restaurant is busy they seem to staff it appropriately so your food won't take forever. The wait to get in can be really long, especially on weekends in the fall and winter (AKA tourist/snow bird season).The thing that kills me about Grimaldi's is the price. It's expensive for what you get. The prices seem reasonable when you sit down, there are different price points for the different sauce options (red/white/pesto), and a large pizza is base priced at $18. Doesn't seem bad, but that's just for sauce and cheese. It's when you start adding toppings that your bill will skyrocket. For example: I came here a few weeks ago and we ordered a large pesto based with grilled chicken and artichokes on half (side note: If you order a topping only on half, they will still charge you the full price for that topping...Seems like price gouging to me, but whatever). This pizza ended up being $27+ tax and tip, and that was for two toppings. If any of you are interested in doing a supreme style pizza, be prepared to take out a loan to pay for it. Overall the pizza, service and ambiance are good, though it's overpriced in my mind. Grimaldi's is still hands down the best pizza option in Old Town, and I will almost certainly be back at some point.
5	Great food and excellent service during lunch.
4	Have to say I LOVE this place! Fast service and awesome food.Was a nice treat from the "boxed" taste we have had from other Pizzarias:)
3	Whenever I visit the NYC area I always mean to try Grimaldi's in Brooklyn. After having visited Manhattan several times I never made it out there. Not even when I visit Brooklyn. So while visiting in-laws in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area I was ecstatic to see that I had a few locations while browsing through restaurant options out here. With all the hype surrounding these famous pies I really hope it is the NYC water because quite frankly I was not that impressed with the Grimaldi's of Scottsdale. Or perhaps the entire Grimaldi's hype is generated by the novelty of it all. I don't know. My personal opinions on their pizza: -The crust was a tad too crispy for my liking-Flavoring was a bit on the bland side. I rarely ever use salt but I almost felt like dousing my slices with salt. -Fresh ingredients (in particular the mozzarella) were used on the pizzaThe four of us aren't heavy eaters so the large (18" with 8 slices) was enough to feed us. The Mediterranean salad (I say skip the salad) was simple and came pre-tossed with salad dressing in the large bowl. The service:-Our server was great. She was quick, efficient and kept everything flowing smoothly-waters were constantly refilled and used plates cleared quickly replaced by cleans ones I guess I really do have to make it to their original location one day. OR perhaps their Limelight Market location in the Flatiron will taste similar...? I'm not sure I'm willing to dedicate an entire afternoon to walk across the Brooklyn Bridge, brave that famously insane line only to consume some mediocre pizza. Ugh. This is why I dislike hype around restaurants. I'm always intrigued and most of the time end up disappointed.
4	We happened upon this place while we were in from out of town and didn't know any better. Man, did we luck out.  Grimaldi's reminds us that all chains are not inherently evil.Hostess and bartender were both super nice, professional, and attentive.  We sat at the bar while we waited for our order, which we took to go.  Wine list was respectable, and they have a decent draft beer selection (a couple of standards, a couple of seasonals, a couple of locals...).Pizza was outstanding - they have not forgotten their NY roots.  Delicious crust generously topped with pepperoni, onions, and shrooms.  In a word, fuhgedaboutit!"Small" Mediterranean salad was really ample, though they could have been a tad more generous with the ingredients that make it Mediterranean.  Tasty dressing, obviously homemade.  All for a fair price.  We were pleasantly impressed and would go back if we ever find ourselves in Scottsdale again (which we kind of hope we do not).
4	One of the bright spots of living in south Scottsdale is having some world class food close by, and Grimaldi's is definitely one of our favorites.  I may not know everything about pizza, but I know what I like, and Grimaldi's gets a solid 5 for the crust alone. That crispy slightly smokey taste is unmatched by any other pie I've had. Interesting array of toppings, but I'd advise keeping it relatively simple: you don't want to bury the goodness of that thin crust, and the price adds up quickly with additional stuff. Salads are nice and large: splitting one between 4 people isn't a problem. With 6 frequently used springform pans in my own kitchen, you might guess I have some strong opinions on dessert, and you'd be right: Grimaldi's cheesecakes are across the board far sweeter than I go for in my own baking, but that works for me with some of their more boutique flavors (I tried Oreo and Caramel-something-or-other last time, those were nice), but too sweet for something basic like NY style. In all fairness, you'd hear the same complaint from me pretty much anywhere that serves cheesecake. Slices are definitely generous enough to split between two.Servers are young, energetic and attentive. The place is a tad more crowded and loud than I typically care for, particular during the snowbird season, which is about all that keeps Grimaldi's from an overall 5 rating from me. Atmospere is a much less frantic for lunch on the off season.
5	Holy frijoles- this place lived up to the hype. I'm surprised how how good the pizza is here in Arizona. Very tasty, and definitely some of the best pizza I've had in the valley. The only downside is that there is usually a long wait to be seated, and then once your seated, it takes a longer wait for your pizza. The prices are average, the service was so-so, but the food was excellent! Nice location too, right in Old Town so you can have a drink at a nearby bar while you wait for your table. Cool place for date-night, or to have dinner with family. It's fairly casual, but charming at the same time.
4	I am a fan. L does not love it as much. I think I bring the pizza home to warm for her tastes.
4	I always and looking for a good place to have pizza.  After a movie at camelview, we stopped into Grimaldi's based on a friends recommendation.  We had a large pizza with pepperoni.  I have to say, it was the most delicious tasting pizza I have had in a long time.  The crust is absolutely perfect.  It is thin crust, and maybe the best I have had.  The crust has a savory tast - I believe it is basted with butter and garlic, but the flavor is mouth watering.  The sauce is tomato based, and flavorful - not spicy, but has a great taste.  The cheese was also perfect - mozzerella along with the fresh pepperoni is a simple yet great combo.  The server was friendly, and very helpful in explaining the menu.  The prices are a little high - if all you are used to is calling in a pizza from dominos.... but if you want  a high quality, mouth watering pizza, try Grimaldi's.  I will definitely be back.
4	One of our favorite pizzas in the Phoenix-area. Well... definitely my husbands. He LOVES, LOVES, LOVES Grimaldi's. We always get the same pizza. Every.Single.Time. Large pizza -- pepperoni, sausage, and red onion. (That way we can have leftovers the next day - - and I'm not a leftover person.)SO good!This location has more outdoor seating than the one in Chandler. Plus they have another side room/building that is great for private parties.
5	I have had the pleasure of enjoying the dining experiences Scottsdale has to offer and I have to say that Grimaldi's has not let me down. Time after time the management exceeds my expectations. The staff is amazing and consistent, the food is superb. Grimaldi's continues to be a favorite and my dining choice for friends and family visiting!
3	The food was very good here however the service left a little to be desired. The waitress never came back to refill drinks. We found a manager to do that. After he did that, she checked on it once more.
4	Very tasty pizza!  Even more so when its free!!  Just sign up for the Grimaldi's Newsletter.  Right before your birthday, you'll receive an email for a free large pizza!
5	I loveGrimaldis always get the  Large Peperoni and Mushroom have told many friends about it.
5	I know a lot of people now a days are against chains, but this is one you should definitly get behind.Ive never had a bad experience here. The service is always fast, and nice.The pizzas are great, and the cheesecakes, which change often, are oh so worth the bloated "ate way too much" feeling afterwards. My husband recommends the Heath bar one, while Im a cheesecake purist: classic w/ strawberries & chocolate drizzle.They have a great beer selection and its a perfect place for a Sat. lunch between errands, or a dinner w/ friends.
3	Eh, it was ok. We ordered pizza to go from here and it was cold and sort of disappointing. Will definitely pass on this place.
2	I know I shouldn't look a gift horse in the mouth, but that's exactly how I feel. I have been to Grimaldi's twice: at my last two birthdays to use their free pizza coupon. Although I appreciate the "freeness" of the pie, I'm going to have to pass in the future. Why? The pizza here is just not very good.I should have known when the waitress offered garlic and oregano with the pie. If I wanted to season it myself, I would have made it at home. Seriously, this sauce is just pureed tomatoes. I think they try to make up for it with Buffalo mozzarella, but the bulk of any pizza is the crust and sauce. Although the former is tasty, the latter is a waste of tomatoes. Thankfully, I didn't pay for it, because a large pizza goes for nearly $20 here. My suggestion is to head to a local Barro's and get something much less expensive and better. The benefit here is that the service was pretty good, but if you're looking for pizza, walk on by.
3	Came in, sat down...lovely.  No happy hour...got up and left:)
4	Pizza! Pizza! Pizza!I like the selection. Though it is not extensive, you can choose sauce pizzas or pesto pizzas. And pile as many toppings as you like. We tried the pesto pizza with olives and mushrooms and boy was that delicious. After they sprinkled some garlic on topic I was in pizza bliss. The thin crust was delicious - definitely not cracker-like. The salads are nothing special, but nothing completes a pizza meal than salad. It was a slow morning, so service was awesome. I cant' vouch for busy nights.
4	Grimaldi's is a wonderful place for a date.  I met him at the restaurant and was pleased to have access to plenty of parking. This made me a happy girl. There was a table waiting for us (he scored points for getting there early) and our waitress came by almost instantaneously. A+ customer service!The pizzas are made to order and you have your choice of toppings. No pre-made creations here--you are the creator! After much contemplation we opted for the traditional pizza with mushrooms and sun dried tomatoes.  The crust was perfection, although they could've been more generous with the sauce.  There was a nice wine selection and the waitress gave a refreshingly honest opinion to help me decide. We could've easily split a salad, but we were daring and ordered two varieties--both were pleasers.  There's nothing like excellent pizza, good wine, and a crisp salad while enjoying the company.  What can I say?  He received the first kiss early in the evening.
5	Grimaldi's Pizza- It was probably the BEST pizza we've ever eaten! It was so good. Supposedly coming to Colorado sometime this year! So excited! We didn't eat the salad, or anything except for a pepperoni & italian sausage pizza. We got ricotta cheese on 1/2 of the pizza. (Which was amazing!) We did research on Yelp before we chose where to go eat for pizza and so glad we went to Grimaldi's. Wonderful customer service also. Two managers came to see how we enjoyed our meal & the server was very helpful and knowledgable. We sat next to where they made the pizzas, so we could see it all done before our eyes. Very nice to see how they cooked it and how precise they make each pizza. Can't wait to eat it again! Enjoy!
5	Best pizza I've ever had! Thin crust, cheese Is amazing! Service was so great! My mouth is watering just talking about it. Good  for kids too. Hubby loved the devils paddle ale beer. They only have pizza and calzones but pizza alone is worth it!
3	After years of driving right past this place, I finally am stopping by for dinner.  For my Mom's birthday.  Unfortunately, our experience didn't start out too well.  We had called ahead for a reservation but they don't take any.  But the girl assured us that it was hardly crowded and there shouldn't be more than 15m of a wait, especially if we came by soon.  Great! We would be there in less than 30 minutes.WHOA! did things changes in that little time.  I walked in and found out that not only was it PACKED,  there was a 40 minute wait.  And that really soured me on the experience, because I felt a little duped.  But I guess it is possible that a mass of people showed up in 20 minutes.  It happens......(not really).But otherwise, the meal was pretty good!  The pizza is super good, with a wonderful thin crispy crust.  I can't believe I had never been to this place before.  I will need to come back for sure!And apparently, they don't offer anything fun for your birthday.  We mentioned that it was my Mom's birthday, in passing, and the waiter shrugged it off.  He did give us a card that she could fill out for her next birthday to get a free pizza. Who remembers the coupon 1 year later?  Pretty lame.
5	Pizza as good as it gets. Real NY style. Never knew how much goes into making a pizza but found out when visited Grimaldi's during Tasting Tour of Old Scottsdale. Grimaldi's does pizza and does it terrific. Can't go wrong!!
4	I really love Grimaldi's! This particular visit, I had the small caesar salad, which could definitely feed two people! We also got a large pepperoni pizza which came out nice and hot! It was huge for us two and just ended up taking the rest home. Overall, it was an amazing dinner. NOTE: On busy days, parking is a little tough and I had to park a little away from the restaurant on the street, which wasn't a big deal.
2	[First time Out-of-Towner for Spring Training]Don't believe the hype!!I could possibly never be allowed back for Spring Training, for saying that, but I wish someone would have warned me! Why does everyone talk about this place? Seriously, after our meal we all agreed Round Table is much better...and cheaper!We arrived promptly at 11AM when the doors opened, to a stunned hostess, who didn't quite ready to see customers even though the door read "Open @ 11AM". Sorry we are prompt, we had a lot to do that day...After more than 5 people said this was the place to try, we sauntered over here. It was going to happen on our trip, no matter what. Entering the place, it's cute...at best. White and red checkered table cloths, a full bar, and a visible pizza making counter.Our server was super sweet and very attentive, we were the only customers in there for about 30 minutes. I'm not sure how it would be if the place was packed, but lucky for us we didn't have to worry about it.The menu is very limited. There are about 6 different salad options, but we all ordered the same one, the Caprese Salad. This salad was refreshing and well prepared. Huge slices of tomatoes and mozzarella, with basil leaves. The table comes adorned with oil and balsamic, so you can add as you please. This dish was on point and we all enjoyed this part of the meal.Maybe this is how they do it East coast style, so we aren't too familiar, but you get three choices of pizza and a pay for each topping you add...can you say rip off?!? You can choose between 1) Regular (red sauce), 2) White & Garlic, or 3) Pesto. I believe there were four different sizes: personal, small, medium, and large. Then each topping was charged per item. This is a baller-on-a-budget nightmare!If the taste even came close to matching the price, it would have been decent. But the pizza was lacking in all things flavor and texture. I ordered a personal White and Garlic with chicken. The crust was so thin, it was super crunchy for my liking. The cheese they use was really rubber, no stringy cheese. The chicken didn't really have any extra flavor, it did not seem processed, which was a nice added touch. The others made their own personal sized pizzas, but no one  was impressed.The size of a personal is huge, if I remember correctly its about 6 huge slices...which most other places that would be a small pizza. So, for portion size they get a high five, but a huge pizza with uninspiring taste didn't bode well with us.Finally able to try a cannoli, I ordered one for the table. Since I was devirginizing myself to this delicacy, I can't really comment too much on this. The Ricotta filling was good, the little chocolate chips were an added treat...but the pastry part was so hard, I could barely eat it with my fork. Like I said, I have no idea how this is supposed to look like, but it was too crunchy for my bones. I'll try it somewhere else, but I'm still on the fence.The only reason I can see going here EVER, is the possibility of a Giants sighting. While we were there Jeremy Afeldt came in for lunch with a group, not my choice of sighting, but a Giant nonetheless :)I heard B. Wilson goes to Oregano's (Pizza Bistro)...just sayin'...
4	I can see why some people give Grimaldi's five stars -- their execution is consistently perfect.  If you like the modern style of New York pizza, made with fresh mozzarella, you will enjoy your pie.  Period.  End of story.  Well, not quite.  Here are some issues:1.  The salads are large but uninspired.  Fresh, but just the usual ingredients.2.  The crust is thin and crispy -- if you like bready crusts, go somewhere else.3.  Here, the pizza is about the cheese, but the red sauce could be a bit better and more abundant.4.  It gets crowded easily -- you may have to wait.This are really just minor things, but they add up.  Grimaldi's is a good pizzeria, but it is just a pizzeria after all.By the way, they have another place in northern Scottsdale.  In my opinion, this location is better.  The pizzas up north have been soggy the two times I ate there.Hint:  I think the milder toppings are better here because the crust and cheese are the stars.  Spicy pepperoni only detracts.  You might like tomato and basil.-
4	This place does some real business, but even coming over on a Saturday night at about 6 during Spring Training, the wait was only about 25 minutes.  I call that quite acceptable.  The decor is what one might call "pizza place."  It looks like a pizza place and it smells like a pizza place.  Pizza is just about all Grimaldi's does.  The menu is pretty bare bones.  They have a few blank pizzas (red sauce, garlic sauce, etc) and several toppings ranging from $2 to $4 a piece.  There are no premade pizzas, so you have to design your own, and if you're wanting a behemoth 5 topping pizza, your bill will add up quickly.  We had sausage, sweet peppers, and mushrooms, and it was an excellent combination.  The sweet peppers are almost meaty in texture.  The pizza is very lightly sauced and comes thin crust only.They also have a few salads, served family style.  We just had a small house salad between the two of us starving fatties, and it was a good portion, especially for only $5.  Pretty standard stuff, but a nice way to start the meal nonetheless.The service was very good the whole night.  The waitress took ownership of the place, which I always like ("You've never been here before?  Great.  I have three basic types of pizza... I have all these toppings," etc).  We had a really cool table right next to the kitchen so I got to see a lot of pizzas being made, and I have to say, people really friggin like pepperoni.  Branch out and try something new!The pizza was good, but the thin crust got soggy as it sat, and it didn't absolutely blow me away.  That and the limited menu, which I didn't personally mind but I would warn people about, knock it down a star.  But I'd still recommend the place.
4	Been awhile since I've had a good NY style thin crust pizza.  Grimaldi's knows how to make a tasty one.  Haven't been to the original Brooklyn location but a friend of mine believes this location to be very close in taste and quality to the original.Personal 12" pies start at $9, but that's pretty much with nothing other than tomato sauce and cheese on it so you are going to have to shell out a little more for some extra toppings.  I decided to go with pepperoni, ricotta cheese, and garlic -- it was a fantastic and very delicious combo.  Also tried a slice from friends' "white pizza with garlic" and other toppings.  The white pizza does not include the sweet red tomato sauce as it would suggest.  The white pizza was good, but I would definitely say the regular pizzas that include the tomato sauce taste a little better and hit more on the savory and sweet parts of the palate. I'm starting to salivate thinking about their pizza again!
1	This place has great pizza but they have no respect for Giants spring training fans. So save your money and go to Oregano's where they are not pretentious.
2	I can't really complain too much...the servers/hosts were nice and the service was quick.  But that's really all the good I can say too.  The pizza was bland, as was the staff.  I won't eat here again, as I try to save my eating out money for yummy places.
5	We went here twice during spring training/spring break last week- it was THAT good! I'm hungry now just thinking about their delicious pizza. Both times we got a table without waiting, although it was very crowded- a good sign. The first time, my daughter and I shared a meatball and mushroom pizza with tomato sauce. The crust is fabulous! She liked folding it over to eat "new york style" so I tried that too and it actually did make it thicker and chewier- may have started a new tradition in eating style. Ha. Hubby and son shared a pepperoni and it was equally good. The pepperonis are miniature in size, but great in quantity used, and cooked perfectly where they crisp up a bit on the edges. Yum!The second trip, son and I decided to try the ricotta cheese pizza without red sauce (they use garlic and olive oil instead), and the server recommended sausage and onion. We got sausage and mushroom (I would have gotten onion too, but for the boy). Oh my gosh. Heavenly!!!!! Loved the ricotta combo. Hubby and daughter enjoyed pepperoni and meatball with red sauce. We shared a large Caesar both times, which was plentiful. I would have preferred trying one of their other salads, but oh well. Gave in for the sake of the family. The staff was pleasant and friendly both times as well. The manager came over and talked with us the second trip, when he saw my son's lacrosse tshirt- struck up a lax conversation. Fun. Oh- and our server the first time told us we got $5 off because of our hotel, and the hotel shuttle took us and picked us up. Double bonus.We will DEFINITELY be back here on our next trip to Scottsdale! I can't wait!!!
5	OH GOD!  The Savior of Scottsdale!  After eating at several places in Scottsdale which were all below average in my opinion (but all had good yelp reviews, mind you), this place saved the day on my last day there.  Grimaldi's definitely came through with a delicious NY Style Thin crust.  We had a white pizza with garlic and added italian sausage, artichoke hearts and mushrooms and it was made to perfection.  The best pizza I've had in a long time!  This place is getting my 5 star seal of approval to help bump it up above the other places that had an overall 4 star rating and were crap!
5	LOVE THIS PIZZA!!Seriously, if you like thin, new york style pizza, COME HERE!!! Originally from Brooklyn, this might be as close to the 'real thing' as it gets this side of the rockies......I'm speaking on behalf of my husband as welll, who lived in New York and is VERY picky about his pizza. He LOVED it! Now, for my pizza, I ordered it without cheese (not by choice :(  ) and it was still outrageous!!! The ingredients were fresh and the crust was divinely crispy. As for the pizza with cheese (as it should be, I know) they use fresh mozzarella, and it didn't looked smothered by it either.I love their outdoor patio.....it's a cute little courtyard, nice and shady....looks like little Italy. :)When my next pizza craving strikes, I know where I'm headed!
5	Incredibly good calzones; friendly service, nice courtyard seating.
5	Best NY pizza in the world. Don't be an idiot... Get the peperoni and sausage pizza. Add onions if you like.
4	Ordered a 16" pepperoni for take-out and it was very good. My boyfriend loved it. I could have used a little more sauce but the mozzarella & pepperoni were both excellent. Menu seemed limited to just pizza and calzones with a few salads which is ok but I sometimes like breadsticks w/ a salad not pizza but it was still a good late night dinner after golfing all day.
4	I've always had good service here, but we usually do the curbside pick up - my advice is to just order a few toppings.  The crust cannot handle more than one or two - and if you get the pesto, avoid getting pepperoni plus other meat, it's so greasy!  (Good, but greasy).  Love the greek salad as well as their desserts.
5	These guys lucked out with location, and the amount of business they churn is amazing. We had spent the whole afternoon hiking, and were ready to settle down for some pizza - and they had the highest Yelp ratings. Other than the wait, this was a great experience. And we knew there'd be a wait - we're from the city, it was Saturday night, and it was Spring Training in downtown Scottsdale... we knew what we were in for.When we were seated, our waitress took great care of us. She got us a ton of water, talked about how they do pizza there, and was quick and attentive. We made a pretty quick decision on a basic salad and a nice pizza, and I don't know if it was hunger or really just delicious pizza, but we managed to kill that food in no time.Overall, the pizza is thin and crispy, just how I like it. You have to build your own, which can get kind of expensive, but it was definitely worth it. We had a great view of the open kitchen, and we knew when our pizza was being made. It was a bit loud, due to the crowd, but it felt alive. Sometimes, the noise is overwhelming; here, it just seemed right.We'll likely stop at Grimaldi's every time we visit Scottsdale in the future. The location makes it fun and a little touristy, but the food is definitely worth it.
4	When we were out in Scottsdale last fall, we ended up eating here twice in one week at the two different locations.  The pizza was wonderful, service was great and my kids especially loved playing with the pizza dough they were given by our waitress.  We will definitely go back when we are in Scottsdale this summer.
4	If you're searching for THE best coal-fired brick oven, New York-style thin crust pizza in the world, look no further. Grimaldi's offers over 100 years of pizza-making traditions and the tantalizing aroma of pizza and calzones baked to perfection in the signature coal burning oven. Why coal-fired ovens? It gives our pizza and calzones a unique flavor and a crisp crust that is just not possible from gas, convection or wood burning ovens.
5	I have been dining here for years! There is not a better pizza place in the valley. The crust has got so much flavor to it! Thin crust topped off with mozzarella cheese and their fresh, homemade tomato sauce. mmm. Any of their toppings work, however my pizza of choice is always extra crispy with pepperoni and Italian sausage. Service is always very helpful and friendly. They'll tell you their favorites and make sure your tea is refilled with ice every time! (Big pet peeve of mine) So, if you want phenomenal pizza and great service, this is the place to go. It's been my favorite pizza place for 8 years now and I don't think anyone is beating it any time soon.
5	Wow awesome thin crust pizza! Super delicious!  Great service too
4	The menu is concise and to the point, you won't find a bunch of spaghetti, fettuccine or ravioli.  Pizza, salad and calzones.  Definitely a good place for thin crust pizza.  For a table of two, get the Large!  You will have at least one leftover slice, maybe two.  Toppings are always based on personal preference...I can tell you a couple here that are worth your while.  Kalamata olives and ricotta cheese.  Oh man.  They make the pie.  I also suggest extra sauce, cause sauce is the difference maker on most pizzas.  If you get the pepperoni, they are little mini guys and they get a little crispy on top.  I usually prefer the roni under the cheese, but these guys put it on top to crisp it up a bit.  Traditional NY style cut in wedges that you can fold...with the extra sauce it can get a little sloppy.I good spot for a late lunch in a great location.
5	Holy crap this place is amazing.I've been to the OG Hoboken location, and I didn't realize it was a chain until recently. They have locations in the Palazzo Las Vegas, Arizona, Texas, Florida, and NYC.This place is just as good as the Hoboken location, if not a tad bit better. We arrived at 7:30pm on a Friday night and it was at about 90% capacity. There were two open tables inside and we grabbed one of them. The restaurant seems small from the outside but it's huge once you step inside. The bar is roomy, they have a private dining room and main dining room, plus a huge patio. The food was unbelievable, and service was top notch. Adrienne was super nice without being fake. She was friendly and just did a great job. She refilled out waters when they were half empty, cleared our plates on time, and gave us new silverware as needed.We ordered a large sausage, olive, and mushroom pizza with a caprese salad. The pizza was so gooood. It was thin but not too thin, the crust was chewy and not dry. It was so much food and we were so full after 3 slices each that we couldn't finish the final two pieces. The bill came to $36 with tax and tip, and it was well worth it. This location is a must visit when you're in the Scottsdale Area. They have another Scottsdale location, but I went here based on the higher Yelp rating.
4	Grimaldi's has some of the best thin crust pizza you'll ever get the chance to experience. I had the margarita pizza during my first time here, and it probably was the best pizza I've had. Definitely check it out.The restaurant is very loud, however; so it may not be a good place to go if you're on a date. But if you don't mind just eating delicious pizza and saving the talking for afterwards, this place is perfect.
2	I would like to give Grimaldi's higher praise, but it just wasn't as good as I had hoped.  I knew of their reputation long ago, since I occasionally have business in NYC, but never made it to the original restaurant.  Plus, you can find good pizza on pretty much any corner in the city, so there's no need to make a special trip.The service here was lovely, but the food was so average that I don't really know what to say.  We had a salad, which was decent, and a cheese pizza that was also decent.  The coal oven does give it a unique flavor, but it wasn't my thing.  Again and again I say, Pino's is the best pizza in town, and everything else just disappoints me.
4	In an unlucky turn of events, I ended up having a grand experience with my new favorite, Grimaldi's. More of my reviews lately have began with me aimed for one place and ending up at another, and I'll start with "this one isn't any different." Maybe it's a trend, maybe it's indecisive decision making, or maybe it's just plain old coincidence. Mostly because I don't believe in fate; I'll go with coincidence, but for those of you who mystify the universe in a shroud of hocus pocus, wizardry, and magic then feel free to call it fate.While I make the claim of "My New Favorite" I'm not really comparing it to much outside of oreganos, humble pie, upper crust, and streets of new york. I've yet to visit bianco, cibo, and plenty other wild-west, pizza slingers round these parts.Earlier this week I planed my birthday lunch at Cibo in Downtown PHX. A calorie and carb packed, delicious birthday meal. Much to my dismay, a quick pre-lunch look at the Cibo menu (on their website), seemed to be lacking a certain sauce and cheese covered, carbo loaded delight. After a call in confirming this fear, a fast yelping finger pointed me to Grimaldi's in Scottsdale. It didn't hurt that they had also sent me a voucher for free birthday pizza; I guess my wife signed me up for their email list. :-)On Sunday afternoon; even though they were busily serving plenty of customers, there was no wait. I placed an order with the server for a manhattan while I checked out their menu. Regretfully I had to send my drink back, it tasted more like straight whiskey, and bottom shelf at that. I decided to go with the house red wine in stead; which was decent and chilled, a bit odd for a red, but it worked out well.We dined on a large meatball, ricotta pizza and a large mediterranean salad. The salad was huge, big enough for 3 people to share, and each end up with 2 portions. The pizza came out with a perfectly crisped crust, evenly distributed slices or meatball and ricotta, and was delicious!We finished off our meal sharing a blueberry cheese cake AND a canolie, it was my birthday after all. I cant say that I've had many canolies in my life, but if they're all this good, there will be an eternal place in my heart set aside for these delectible deserts.Happy dining friends, and godspeed to all your yelping fingers!
5	This is the best pizza I've had in Arizona since moving here ten years ago. Where's the second best? Fugetaboutit, it doesn't matter, Grimaldi's has ruined all other pies for me.It's not cheap but you cannot beat the crispy thin crust or real deal mozzarella cheese, this ain't no bag of shredded cheese on your pizza, it's the good stuff. Our favorite is a caprese style pie where the basil is added after cooking. Try it, you'll like it. Another plus is the fact they have sliced meatball topping, not ground beef. They make the balls, cook them, cool and slice. That's the only way to put beef on a pizza pie.It doesn't matter which location you go to, the quality of service and food is tops in San Tan, Chandler, Scottsdale or Peoria. I cannot say enough good things about Grimaldi's
5	I'll cut to the chase.  This is my favorite pizza in AZ.  You can't beat the pizza and the location right in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale!
3	pretty good pizza, didn't impress too much. I was expecting big things from the "world famous" cannoli which was just decent. Overall though it is very reasonably priced and you will get good value for the food.
5	Ii am addicted.  spectacular service and consistent, quality. food every time. i have been ordering take out and dine in for months and grimaldis does not disappoint.  only once...they gave my takeout pizza to the wrong person....christine, the manager, very generously apologized, comped my new pizza, and bought me a glass of wine as i waited.  grimaldis is a class act and has a fantastic staff with excellent food.  every time.
4	Step 1: After attending an event with very little to eat, I saw someone with a pizza box from Grimaldi's.  Step 2. While wondering, "could this be related to 'the' Grimaldi's from NY" I quickly launched the Yelp app on my iPhone and found the location for Grimaldi's. Step 3. I admitted my thankfulness that the restaurant was still open (thank you, Yelp, for telling me the hours).Step 4. Walked to the restaurant, which wasn't too far from the hotel I was staying at.. Step 5. Ordered a pizza.  This was probably the hardest part, due to the growing anticipation of deliciousness while waiting for a painful 20 minutes.  Gosh!Step 6. Paid about $22 for a large (which isn't huge, but is decent) pizza and walked back to the hotel.Step 7: Ate an amazing pizza by a gorgeous pool in Phoenix.  The cost and the wait were worth the price of admission.  Half pepperoni and half sausage.  Thin crust and brick oven baked.  YUM!Step 8: Wrote this review after returning home, and am salivating at the thought of a pizza that is 3,000 miles away.  Perhaps it's worth a return trip to AZ :)
4	Pizza, great. Calzone, great. Service, great. Prices, high. I guess you get what you pay for but for those kind of prices I might think of ordering an inferior product to save $20. Not that I wouldn't go back. They definitely know how to make and excellent pie...
4	I would say about a 3.75 stars.....Good pizza, but not worlds best as some here are claiming.  I am not an expert on Scottsdale/Phoenix pizza, but I know Bianco would surely disagree.  It is pretty good, and the place is pretty busy.  The rest of the food is average, definitely not authentic italian in any way.  We came for a private party and it allowed us to taste many menu items because of the large orders we made.  We went away happy, and I can recommend it....but the hype is overblown.
5	Love their pizza!!!Very fresh. Their cannoli was really good too.They seem to have great selection of wines.
3	Pretty good brick oven pizza. my boss and his wife go here every time they come to Arizona and brought me along this year(4/11). They accidentally burned one of the pizzas and it took quite some time before it came so they gave it to us no charge. thats good business. the staff was very friendly and the atmosphere is nice, though for some it might seem a little crowded. definitely worth to check it out
3	i like Grimaldi's pzza--the crust is always done right and holds up to the toppings--prices are reasonable--my only suggestion is that sometimes the service is too much service.  we got there and my friends had just sat down--jackets and purses weren't even settled yet and the waiter was hovering.  I like good service as much as the next person but sometimes you need a do not disturb sign at the table--so you can have a little time to enjoy the meal.
4	Great food and great environment. Only snag I've experienced here is the wait time... previous visit took about 45 minutes for our pizza to come out and this most recent time, they put the wrong toppings on it so we had to wait for a whole other pizza to be made. Regardless of that though, it's a good place to have a nice dim-lit dinner with reasonably priced bottles of wine. All pizzas are thin crust which I'm usually not a fan of but was happy to indulge in our pie during and after the meal!
5	Love this place!  Super cute patio!  We were there planning our rehearsal dinner and all of the waiters and the catering person we spoke with were so nice, patient, and helpful.  And, the pizza is AMAZING.
5	I have celebrated multiple birthdays here and it's one of my favorites. I usually prefer a thicker crust to my pizza but this place is a delicious exception. The brick oven flavor is amazing and with all the topping available, there are really no bad choices. The only cavet I would have about the food is that it can take a long time to get the pizza to the table, but once you take a bit you will realize why.  The restaurant itself is smartly decorated but nothing flashy or distracting, your basic pizzeria stuff. While they do accommodate large groups, I would highly suggest making reservations, especially on the weekends. With a delicious place like this being located in Old Town, they are usually pretty busy. I have received nothing but the best service when I've eaten here so that never an issue. And as a heads up, if you have enough people, they will give you the private room in the back for your party. Convenient when it's your birthday and you want to pre game a bit before going out to the clubs haha. If you're a pizza lover, like myself, check this place out for sure.
5	This is definitely my favorite non-cibo pizza in town, for me it doesn't get much better then here. i normally get the meaty type pizza with extra basil on the side uncooked and the pizza always comes out so juicy (you wouldn't think of this as a good word to describe pizza but it is) and tasty.
5	locals and tourists need to try this place, their white pizza is the best
5	Been coming here for years and loved it every time.  I moved to SoCal 5 years ago and I look forward to the occasional trip to Phoenix to come here!  Salad and Pie - you can't go wrong here.  Totally family friendly as well.
5	Never a bad experience here.  Everything we've had has been good, including the service.  Good drink selection, tasty salads, flavorful pizza (and I'm usually not a thin-crust fan, coming from Chicago), and friendly service.  It's always seemed busy in there, which I guess is a good thing which shows that others think highly of them as well, but we've never had to wait long to be seated.  We'll be back again soon.
4	Went there on a Monday night around 7:30 and there was a bit of a crowd. The building itself speaks to you, with it's brick facade with windows big enough to see what all the buzz is about inside. We were seated promptly and all the waitresses were very attentive. They explained to us the concept of their restaurant and bit of background, which was quick and nice. We got a front row seat to the action, watching the team put together the pizzas with perfect precision. We ordered a "personal" which is a 12'' pizza; that is way too big to be personal! And the toppings!!! Loaded on, not like your mainstream chain pizza place. You will definitely get your moneys worth here at Grimaldi's. The thin crust was perfect for me since I don't like thick crust pizzas. My friend had the oreo cheesecake, which we found out was handmade daily in store by one of the very talented waitresses. All in all, the portions are big, the staff is friendly and I can't wait to go back when I get back to Arizona.
3	The first slice CAN NOT be beat. However, the remainder of the slices are always greasy and wet or super dry (weird, eh?). The first bite will be the best bite you've ever had and it's downhill from there. They need to fix their pans to solve this problem. The prices are insanely high for pizza. If you load it up, you can end up with a 30 dollar pizza that one huge eater could destroy.
4	Delicious pizza, great service, and good times.  I went to a holiday party here and the venue was wonderful, plus on your birthdays they give you a very nice present.  Can't beat that!
5	What can I say - I just love this place and their food.  We usually get a salad before our special pizza.   It's reasonably priced.  The bar area seems to always thrive with thirsty patrons.  The dining area was thoroughly populated as well.   The staff was friendly and gave my recently born twin grandsons onesies with "Grimaldi's Pizza" written on them!   They will be fans too I'm sure!  :)
1	So disappointed. I have eaten Grimaldi's a few times and it has been amazing. I just usually avoid it because I feel it is too expensive. So today (New years) my favorite pizza place was closed so I decided to call Grimaldi's since it is only a mile away from my house. The pizza was done quite fast, however, it look completely disgusting. The cheese looked like it was like wannabe feta. Idk what was going on. The pizza literally was tasteless and I wasn't going to smother it with Parmesan cheese and crushes red peppers for taste. I most likely will not come back. Shame shame shame.
4	We were having lunch provided for us at work on Christmas Eve.  I was put in charge of ordering and picking up food, and my boss instructed me to get pizza from Grimaldi's.  I called and placed the order on the Friday before, and called to confirm the order on that Monday morning.  When i showed up 10 min past the time I told them I wanted to pick up the pizza, I was sure it would be there, however, it was not.  They did not have my order and I was left with 80 hungry people. That's as bad as the story gets, though.  The manager came over and said they were getting started on my order and that it would be 10-15 more minutes.  Although it ended up being 45 min, we had all the pizzas we wanted.  To top it off, the manager took care of the order for me to make up for being late.The pizza was of course delicious, and I want to thank Grimaldi's for doing the right thing to keep a customer happy!  I would definitely feel comfortable giving them my business again for another work event.  Mistakes happen, and as long as they do the right thing they're ok in my book.  Thanks Grimaldi's!
4	I still love Grimaldi's pizza, but some of their staff could definitely use an attitude check.We last went during off hours, and the restaurant was relatively empty.  We were seated at a small 4-top in the middle of the room.  When we asked if we could sit at one of the empty tables by the window, the hostess told us no since we were a party of 4, and those tables were for 5.  Seriously?  All of the tables are empty.  We're talking one extra chair.  So of course when we ordered two pizzas and an appetizer, there was a space problem for the server.As we were leaving, the hostess was advising another family they couldn't bring their stroller in because there wasn't enough space.  While that might hold true during busy times, there was plenty of space.  I can only assume this employee was working under management's policies.Aside from that, I still think they have some of the best pizza around, although, we have gotten a soggy middle a few times since our first visit.
4	So far, so good. Last week I signed up for Grimaldi's newsletter to receive a free 18" one topping pizza on my birthday. Well, here I am (all by myself). No waiting because I sat in the bar area with tall stools. (No one else wanted to sit here).My house salad has arrived. It looks so much better than the usual bowl of lettuce with one small tomato slice I get at most places. In fact, the bowl is so large that I know I'll have leftovers for lunch tomorrow. It comes with mushrooms, green olives, cherry tomatoes and peppers. Definitely NOT your average house salad. Me likey! :-)I ordered the 18" pizza with ground beef. It was good, but I prefer a thicker pizza crust. I also ordered a piece of butterscotch cheesecake. That was also good, but I would have preferred the peppermint cheesecake that they were out of. I crave white cheesecake with a flavored topping. This butterscotch cheesecake was butterscotch colored and flavored throughout. Not my favorite, I've decided it would have tasted better had it also been free for my birthday. ;-)Thank you, Grimaldi's for my free birthday pizza. I'll be back next December.
1	If you wan to pay top dollar for a mediocre pizza and eat in a noisy restaurant with crappy service so you can tell your friends you 'went to Grimaldis', this is the place for you.  Total  'Snottsdale' hype.
1	New to the area and decided to give Gremaldi's a try, what a huge disappointment!! I am always a fan of thin crust & especially love brick oven pizza so I was pretty let down with just how bad the food really was. The pizza was so unbelievably bland that i contemplated either putting salt on it or dumping parmesan cheese all over it. Even with toppings it was still by far the worst pizza I've ever eaten. There are no appetizers, just salads for starters. I was hoping for bread of some kind to go with my pizza, that was not part of the menu either. It's pizza & salad, that's it.  The atmosphere was okay, pretty loud but their were large parties. Decor was pleasant but our waiter was very pushy & made us feel that we were being rushed. I have had better frozen pizzas... Save your money & go down the street to the pizza & gelato spot.
5	The best pizza we ever had.   Outstanding service.  We'll be back.  And we can't wait till they open one nearer us.
4	Great Pizza.  They filter their water in a way to make it taste like New York water.  This makes the pizza dough taste like pizza dough from Brooklyn. Skip the anti pasto (olives are terribly salty and Salami is poor qualtiy)  and the caprese salad (tomatoes are nasty).  Focus on the Pizza
4	I've been here a few times but this is my first review.  The pizza is definitely tasty - nothing frozen here.  We did receive iffy service once but my other experiences were positive.
5	You want Italian? You're no where near New York? Go to grimaldis. NY pizza at its  finest. Great service, great food, great venue. Thank you!!
4	Great pizza!!  A bit pricey, but it is Scottsdale :)Th epizza is excellent and the salads are big so deinately share one!  I loved the pepperoni and cheese that they use on the pizzas.
5	11/12/2012I had the pepperoni, Italian sausage, jalapeno and basil. GREAT pizza! One of the best I've ever had anywhere.
4	We lived across the street from this restaurant for almost two years and only ate there a handful of times (and we literally eat out every night).  The pizza is fantastic when hot, but not great the next day.  The hubby disagrees.   The staff is incredibly helpful and eager to please.  Though most of my experiences have been with their takeout, I would recommend eating in with a group.  Grimaldi's is great for rehearsal dinners and business/club meetings, as they are one of a few restaurants in old town with banquet rooms.
5	I love this place! The pizza is incredible with a large topping selections. They have installed a water filtering system to produce water that taste like it's from NYC. The coal fired pizza oven cooks the crust to a crisp finish.
4	I had reviewed another Grimaldi's in Peoria and happened to find myself in Old Scottsdale, looking for a good place to eat.  Lucky for me, Grimaldi's was there.  The wait was said to be up to 25 minutes, but for an outside table, they took my wife and me right away.  Firing up the propane heaters kept the bite out of the air.To get to the point, this Grimaldi's did not disappoint either.  I think one of the standout qualities of their pies is the quality of the crust.  Of all the pizza spots in the Valley so far, none have really stood up to the "can you eat it without drooping" test.  Which is to say, with a couple of toppings, do you have to fold it to get it to your mouth without flopping over, or do you absolutely need a knife and fork to cut it up?  Grimaldi's pizza needs neither.  The crust, very tasty from the coal-fired oven, is crispy enough to pick up without need to hold it with two hands, and it holds the toppings well.  It's not greasy or drippy or any of that.  And when you take home any leftovers, the crust is still firm.  To me, that is the mark of great crust.  The toppings are flavorful, too.  This time, succulent sun-dried tomatoes, fresh garlic, and tasty artichokes shared the top of the pie with fresh white mozzarella.  The sauce is subtle but there.I also ordered their Mediterranean salad, pretty much a standard Greek salad with lots of Romaine lettuce.  Cool and crisp, when they say a small size can be split by two, they are correct: the bowl looks small but it is deep.  I did split a large as I was hungry, but we did take home some of the salad and pizza.Again we got the tiramisu, not made by them, but nevertheless melt-in-your-mouth delicious.Service was great: despite being very busy, our waitress checked on us several times and was very friendly.
3	Walking around ye ole town and being that's it's mt first time here, I was hard up to find a good meal being that ask the bars and restaurants are packed to the gills with spring training fever.Behold I spot a coal fired oven pizza place that's a 4 star from the universal code breaker that is Yelp.Packed bar.. not one seat open. But behold, thou art a lone deucer table. "hi.. table for one please".... the hostess, who was snipishly looking at me wirh her pair of cohorts on either side murmured.. "the wait will be about...."; then she thought twice and reassessed the situation and sat me right away at the deucer.I have high hopes for my personal sausage & pepperoni..Ok.... So being from the northeast, I have yet to find decent pizza west of the Mississippi.. and when I noticed the 4 star pizza place w/ reviews like "best pizza in AZ" I was hopeful to break the almighty pizza mold.. Nope nill negative. While it was tasty, west coast just doesn't compare to east coast pizza. I give the food a 7.25/10.While the pizza was decent, the service was snippishly adequate. While the waitress apologized for giving me a small rather then a personal and apologized and adjusted the bill.
4	Very tasty thin crust pizza...I was actually a little surprised how good this was.  Our set of three guys got a sausage, pepperoni and mushroom large; it would have been too little food for three younger athletic types, but for three shlubs, it was perfect, in part because we ordered a tasty large caesar salad to go with it.  The toppings on the pizza were great; the pepperoni slices in particular were excellent.  Our server and a manager were around a few times in-between bringing the food/drinks to chat, which is always a nice touch for someone like myself who visits a new town and likes to chat up the locals.  The text message system was perfect for our wait time; we put in our name and were told it would be 45-50 minutes, so I cheated back to the HoJo on Indian School for a little while and when the text came in, hauled back to the restaurant to make our seating.  I'll be back the next time I visit!
2	I give up.  This joint smells great from the street but The pizza tastes like shit. The waiter must have been having a sales contest as he kept pushing a 60 dollar bottle of wine.....to wash down this swill?  The red sauce has no flavor. The garlic will leave you reeking for hours. The salads are ok, nothing special. I guess, if you have kids and need to eat this is alright but not a destination by any stretch.
5	Love this location, for some reason they seem to serve better tasting pizza than the other locations. They are always busy and their service is very good. Parking can be challenging at times but it is worth it.All items are always good and freshOne of the better pizza places in Scottsdale / Phoenix area
4	very good pizza--exceptional crust. Somewhat over-priced--i will assume this is mostly attributable to its location--and the abundance of 0.1%ers who live near it.
5	THANKS ALLISON!!!Scottsdale's Grimaldi is a consistently great place, with good food and excellent service.  Take the other day when Allison was confronted with four golf and baseball weary travelers, looking for some thin crust pizza and vino fino.  Despite the fact we had a few brews before entering the establishment, she was able to keep us under control and take care of our dining needs, doing it all with great style, humor and aplomb.  Thanks for the fine food and great service Allison!!!
5	What can you say bad about this place? Not a thing a must go whenever hanging out in old town
5	We were seated fairly promptly for a Saturday night. My sister and I opted for a half carafe of the Sangiovese and large pizza. The half carafe is a pretty good deal and we had about two glasses each from that. We initially had the wrong pizza delivered to our table-I think by a food runner-but as we had just noticed the error, our server came by and noticed it too. She quickly made amends to fix the error. Thankfully ours was still in the oven!As usual, good pizza, good wine, good service.
5	Excellent thin crust pizza...perfectly cooked crisp thin crust.  The Mediterranean salad is very good as well.  Good service.  Nice atmosphere.  A consistent favorite.
5	Group of five Saturday night, Seated in the bar right quick.  Where else can you do this in Old Scottsdale?  Waiter suggested just the right amount of pizza, we would not have ordered enough.  Salads were fresh and the large portion definitely sharable.  thin crust pizza heaven!  dessert?  I tried a spoonful of cannoli, discovered I never really had true cannoli before this!  priced right.
5	Best Pizza in Old Town.  Love it!
5	Traditional New York Pizza, yum!  Served family style so bring your appetite and a group to have fun.  Service was excellent and dinner for a group of 15 was totally within budget.  Thank you and see you again soon!
4	Love the size of the pizza, ask the hostess how big it is before you order. The personal size is huge enough to feed two.
4	This has become my favorite "chain" pizza, by far. The brick oven is not hype -- it makes a difference. Consistent, high quality, clean, and great service. The pizza has tons of flavor with a wide variety of options.That said, I could not disagree more with the review that compared this to Bianco. Grimaldi's isn't even in the same league as Bianco, but I would not expect them to be. And, Grimaldi's has the advantage of not having to wait 2 hours for a table.....
4	Great little outdoor courtyard to eat a good salad and pizza during the cool months.
4	Grimaldi's is decent pizza. I was there with my family dining out al fresco one evening and they forgot to make our pizza because they were too busy concentrating on the catered event in the banquet dining area. When our pizza did arrive, it was the wrong pizza. So they finally did get it right and have gotten it right with each subsequent visit.I like their thin crust pizza and it's definitely worth ordering. I have to laugh sometimes when I run into the New Yorkers that have a major chubby about this place.  It's rather entertaining but I would still recommend this place when you're in old town Scottsdale and are jonesing for a pizza.
5	This place is awesome! Came here for my little sister's family graduation party and wow! If you want authentic pizza this is the joint you're looking for. Excellent service with a polite waitstaff (even though it was busy) and everyone gets a pizza, table gets super crowded. It's pretty cool being able to see all the cooking going on and they make it fun. Not much more to say really, a must go for sure!
5	Wife and I stopped in after walked around Old Town Scottsdale for dinner. We got seated immediately even at the dinner rush and had great service. We had a pesto pizza with chicken, mushrooms, sun-dried tomatoes. It was amazing, perfect balance of everything and cooked just right. We will be back
4	I came here as part of a walking food tour my husband and I took during our stay in Scottsdale. Grimaldi's pizzas are really good, i'm not a huge pizza fan but I was definitely impressed! We tasted the pepperoni and cheese pizza and the vegetarian pizza, the crust on both pizzas was perfect! We will definitely be back next time we are in Scottsdale :D
5	This is my favorite pizza in Scottsdale/Phoenix Metro.  We usually get the traditional thin crust pizza with sliced meatballs, roasted red peppers, and fresh basil.  Delicious!  And we always start with a Caesar salad, also delicious.  The service is almost always very good.  The white pizza, which has extra cheese and lots of garlic instead of red sauce, can be nice for a change.
5	I'm not sure how it's possible that I haven't written a review for Grimaldi's yet.  Probably because it doesn't need a review, but the shock value is the fact that I compete with Duchess status on a regular basis, currently standing with 25 check-ins.  You could say I am a little embarrassed as to how often I frequent Grimaldi's, but at the same time I'm not because it's THAT good.My fiance and I discovered Grimaldi's when we moved here from NC 2.5 years ago.  Yelp and others told us great things, and our first visit was heavenly.  Pretty sure we kept it classic with pepperoni.  We tried many other combinations, such as the meatball (amazing), sausage (super good), but we never knew what we were missing until we asked for ricotta as a topping.  Serious game changer.  I am not sure if they put mascarpone or sugar or crack or something equally as amazing, but they have something magical in their ricotta.  Our most favorite combination: ricotta, pepperoni and extra sauce.Why extra sauce?  Well, Grimaldi's isn't a very saucy pizza on its own, and some people are cool with that.  My fiance and I are saucy kind of people (not like dripping off the pizza, that's too much), but we prefer an equal sauce:cheese ratio.  All of their pizza topping combos are probably a 9 out of 10, but if you're looking for a 10 out of 10, hook your pizza (and your taste buds) up with their ricotta, it's the best kept secret that will keep you going back for more with 25 check-ins and Duchess status.All I can say is Thank You, Grimaldi's for making a bomb ass pizza that is within walking distance from my condo, you have successfully put me and my fiance (and all others we have taken there) under your spell, and I will always keep you has my #1 pizza place in Scottsdale.PS - we recently went this past week, and G's now has a BBQ chicken pizza on their menu.  Sounded amazing, but it was hard to stray from our go-to.  Maybe if we go in a group we'll include our fav combo + the BBQ chicken to see if it's worth changing up our order every now and then.
5	Grimaldis is delish. I've never been disappointed or had a bad experience here. We come here a decent amount. It's great for a date night or to come with friends and it's a really great place to bring people when they come into town. It's a really classic feeling pizza place inside. The staff is always friendly and it is usually really crowded. They have private rooms for birthday parties, a patio, and two rooms of tables so it's pretty big. The Caesar salad is good to start with and then we usually go with our friends who know how to order the best pizza (extra sauce, ricotta and pepperoni  I think??). The ricotta is what really makes it tasty. They have a good wine selection and the house red wine is good. This is a good place for people of all ages too, we had some friends come into town with their baby and we were like where are we going to go in old town that's baby friendly? This worked out perfectly!
5	The pizza here is a little bit more pricey, but I think it's worth it! Also has great customer service and a good location in Old Town.
5	Amazing!
5	Just had the most DELICIOUS BBQ chicken pizza in OLD TOWN Scottsdale!Conveniently located on the corner of Scottsdale Rd. & 5th Ave...What an inviting, charming place to have pizza with friends during the week. Service was fast and friendly, even though they were busy on a Wednesday night. (NO wait!)I was very impressed by our server and her recommendations..even telling us about a special WINE night & inviting us BACK!Can't wait to go back & try some other unique flavored 'specialty' pizzas! YUM!! :)
4	From what I understand, Grimaldi's is one of those New York pizza joints that's an insitution in the Big Apple, and a couple of those family members migrated to AZ and brought that kick-ass NY pizza with 'em. Even if that's not true, I don't care, because this is just really great pizza :)The crust was thin and delicious. Our calzone was delightful. The antipasto plate was super. The service was great. ONLY issue is we got seated in the back area with all the large parties with screaming kids who kept running in and out of the back door we were seated next to...annoying beyond belief how parents let their brats run wild. However, we'd be willing to come back. Every place deserves a second chance, and we'd come back just for the food. The other issue is easily rectified, and no doubt our next experience will be a 5-star one :)
5	Simply the best pizza in town.They always have great service and the pizza is consistantly amazing..been going here for 5 years!
5	This is by far the BEST pizza ever!!! you must get it with ricotta. If you've never had pizza with ricotta on it, it sounds strange...but It is life changing! Every time we have family or friends come in to town we take them, and they fall in love too!! This review is making me hungry for their bomb pizza!!
5	Holy smokes what a welcome! Thanks to Mariana for getting our visit started off right. She opened the door for us and began to ask us the usual questions "how are you doing tonight?" And "have you dined with us before?". When I said we haven't been there before, she quickly became interested and gave us some great recommendations as well as explaining that its a build your own pizza type place. When Joanna (our waitress) took over, we were ready to order since Mariana familiarized us so well. We decided on a traditional antipasto that had the best mozzarella and delicious peppers. Then went for the small (which is huge) pesto pizza, that comes with the mozzarella. We then decided to add artichokes, mushrooms, pepperoni, and half traditional sauce since my friend doesn't like pesto. The pizza was made quickly in a cool coal oven and had an overload of garlic (just the way I like it). It truly was absolutely delicious and everyone was so pleasant. Thank you for treating us well!
4	Great for a quick meal and open a lot later on weekdays than we thought so yay for that! Excellent service. Pepperoni is thick sliced and delicious. We also got a salad, small is perfect for 2 or even 3 people to share, but get the large if you want to have leftovers for lunch the next day! Sign up for the birthday thing, they reward your loyalty with a free large pie which is awesome!
5	AWESOME! Sign up online and get a 18" single item pizza FREE on your Bday! Love the food!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	My boyfriend and I went on a date here a while back and it was nothing short of perfect. We sat on the back patio and had pizza & wine--both were fabulous. The waitress was really sweet, and the place surprisingly had a lot of ambiance. Grimaldi's really makes you feel like you're somewhere other than Old Town.Overall, I would recommend this place to almost anyone.
3	Way too pricey for a freakin pizza. It was 16 bucks for a large pizza and $2 for each of the two toppings on half the pie, plus $4 for sweet red peppers. Sweet Jesus - I just paid $24 for a pizza. At least have some pre-set combinations or a lunch deal. Pizza is decent, but no way in hell worth that price. Had a date, so I sucked it up, but next I will return will be on my birthday month - when the pizza is free.
4	I have to say that this location was far better in food and service than their DC Ranch location.  Which is too bad, as I live around the corner from that place.  I was very happy with the food this time, much better pizza and salad.  The service was polite and attentive.  We even sat outside on a hot day, and with the shade and misters, it was comfortable.
4	The pizza we had at Grimaldi's was really good. We went there for a late dinner one night and enjoyed ourselves. There were some people who came in and sat right next to us- even though there were a lot of tables open- one guy even ran into my mom and didn't apologize. Other than that everything was good and I look forward to returning.
4	Went to Grimaldi's with a big group from work and everyone enjoyed the experience! We ended up ordering 3-4 pizzas and ended up with something everyone liked. The set up is ideal for big groups and we were able to score a table outside on the patio that worked out really well. Great wine and beer selection and there are a number of TVs for the avid sports fan. Grimaldi's is also not too expensive and definitely worth every dollar!
4	Today I ordered a sausage and olive pizza and the Mediterranean salad.  I have to say that the pizza was the best I've had in a long long time.  Your sauce is amazing... great rich flavor and not too oily and not too sweet.  So thank you Grimaldi's, you remind me of home!!! The salad was full of fresh ripe veggies and the dressing was oh so good.  You had the right amount of everything, where I was able to taste feta, cucumbers, lettuce, tomatoes, kalamata olives and onions in every bite.    And as an added bonus the person who answered the phone was extremely polite and professional.  I believe he was the bartender.My only suggestion would be to actually use kalamata olives as your menu advertised.  You used the cheaper version, black olives which were fine but I was expecting kalamata olives.
5	I really enjoy this restaurant. Good service, food food, with the flavor that you can only get from Grimaldi's. Parking wasn't the easiest, but where in downtown Scottsdale is it? Worth a look, if you're looking for a good pie.
4	I've passed by Grimaldi's Pizzeria almost day in an day out and ever realized I was passing a fabulous Pizzeria!  Good friend, Yvonne, mentioned that we should consider dinner after our group run so that she could use her Birthday discount. To be honest, I wasn't really in the mood at that moment for Pizza but rather Chicken Wings.We arrive to the Pizzeria and upon viewing the menu, I realized that there are no WIngs on the Menu. Yep, I was bummed. We ordered a Pizza and Salad. Ok, the small salad was enough for the both of us. Then out HUGE PIZZA arrived. Oh my... for someone that wasn't in the mood for pizza, I shure ate and ate and ate! After this experience, I completely get it. Grimaldi's is all about the Pizza experience. Another great restaurant to add to my Collection of Fave spots!  Cheers***
3	We had a buffet style lunch for a new job orientation. The pizza was lovely the crust was crunchy and I loved the basil flavor in the cheese. The pepperoni was full of flavor and not too greasy. The salad was fresh but kind plain. I would come back here if not for the pizza for the great server she was friendly and accommodating. ~~ try the pain fruit trees~~
2	Fly dropped into my pizza while we were eating...dead fly. Gross!!! Really I understand a lot of stuff but the server attitude or lack of even an apology was totally unappealing.
1	My girlfriend and I came in for a pizza later on in the night and sat at the bar on the 17th. Once we sat down we put our order in with the bartender. The bartender asked us if it was the first time we had been there, which it was. We were pretty hungry so we ordered a salad to hold us off until the pizza got out to us. We also ordered extra sauce for our pizza. A little over an hour later, we receive our pizza and never even got our salad. When we asked about our salad he just replied with, "sorry, I forgot." He also forgot the extra sauce that we ordered with our pizza. Overall, the pizza was okay at best. It tasted pretty dry, as though it had been sitting for sometime before actually coming out to us. Due to the poor service and mediocre pizza, I don't think we will be eating at Grimaldi's again.
5	Excellent food, we go here a few times a month. This location is better than the other ones. Bartenders are awesome too, we typically just sit at the bar and eat. Great place to take out of town guests to
4	Hosted my BFF's baby shower here.  They were great!  They took excellent care of our group.  Everyone loved it.  Their pizza and salad assortment is fantastic.
5	I have only ever had this as a late night pizza and this was my first time having it fresh. What delicious pizza with great flavors.We were here for a small babyshower and the staff was great and patient with us. We had apps of spinach artichoke dip, bruschetta and antipasta. The dip was to die for...I could have gone swimming in it.Then they brought out salads (house and ceasar) and a ton of different varieties of pizza. All were fantastic but I really loved the cheese- I know that sounds boring but when its good its good.I don't know why we don't order this pizza more often but I need to start getting it or going to the restaurant once in a while.
4	Grimaldi's has a hilarious sense of humor when it comes to portion sizes - and I like it! First of all, those salads are minimum two person salads unless that's all you are eating. My table was myself and six hungry guys and we got three salads - half of one was left when all was said and done. My favorite was the Caprese with fresh mozzarella. You pick your own toppings so I made myself the equivalent of a margherita pizza. Scrumptiousssssssssnesss. The personal is definitely for at least 2 people (thus the humor of the portion sizes). All the toppings were fresh, the crust was thin and crunchy - basically a great pizza all around. Service was great with our big, very undecided party - seriously, none of us could decide anything. Our server was very patient and helpful in narrowing our decisions. Next time I'm here for work, I'm coming here for pizza!
5	Good pizza! Definitely want to try more! They have a good looking white pizza we'll try next time! Fun atmosphere! Love that it's a brick fire oven place! Super friendly and helpful staff! Some great wine too! Great end to our double date outing!
4	My rating is based on the dessert, because it's the most important meal of the day ;)First the food info. I didn't have pizza, I had house salad (bland, not great), green olives (not pitted!!! My teeth would have appreciated a heads up), the bruschetta (I was about an hour late to the party and they were mush by then), the cheesecake (sweet heaven!), cannoli (I thought they were okay, but those with me were in love). I have never been a cheesecake fan, but this place changed that :D It was soft & sweet and just amazing. I'm told that they change their cheesecake selection based on the seasons (that confused me because we only really have 2 in Az, lol). I can't wait for the strawberry cheesecake in the summer!!!They have a small parking lot behind the pizzeria building, but there's plenty of street parking.
1	OMG!  Went here on a quiet Sunday afternoon @ 1:15 with our two young families (12 people total) and could not get a seat.  We were told 30+ minute wait.  It's like the hostess didn't want us there?   The Bar was 20% full, dining area was less less than 50% full and only one of six tables were taken outside.  We told them we could split up in any combination of seats but to no avail.  Never in my life have I been turned down a seat at a pizza restaurant!!!  Bummer, but we ended up across the street at a Capriotti's Sandwich Shop where we were greeted by smiles & plenty of seats - and the food was great!
4	The pizza here is so yummy!  Great location. Wonderfully kind staff. Great to eat at the bar, get a table or pick up take out. I have been here many times and it is one of the best pizza places in Scottsdale for sure. Love Grimaldi's.
1	The one star is for service which was excellent.  It's not their fault that this pizza is nothing more than a slab of cardboard with a paltry dab of sauce and suggestion of cheese.  Flavorless and overpriced.  What a racket.
4	We love this pizza!  It's thin, with very light sauce and cheese - just enough for perfection.  The calzone is also quite tasty, deliciously thin crust packed with flavor and delicious ricotta-rich inner cheese - don't forget to ask for extra sauce (it comes on the side).  Tons of seating and a cute atmosphere - especially on the patio!  Their takeout system is pretty great -  usually, a server runs out to you if you pull your car around the back, bringing pizza and taking your payment.
5	I have been here a few times now.  I dont eat pizza often due to calories but every once in while I feel like rewarding myself with some yummy pizza. I have to say this may be the best pizza Ive had in AZ.  The thin crust is delicious and it is not greasy at all. 5stars...no question!
4	We stopped in to try this place as a part of a great food tour with Destination Food Tours and tried both their cheese and pepperoni pizzas fresh, hot and crispy from the blazing  coal-fired brick ovens.  The super thin crust was so thin and crisp it was almost like a cracker and the sauce, cheese and topping were in great balance. It was very memorable and we will definitely have to stop back in next time we are back in the area.  A great italian pizza joint.
5	Our second time here was just as great as the first. Made me wonder why I only gave it three stars last time. It deserves five stars for sure! Great food, fast service, great service/wait staff. Can't wait to go back
4	I'm not usually a fan of thin-as-paper style pizza, but this place's is pretty fantastic. Kind of a "work of art" like they try to push with Neapolitan pizza at ritzier places, but not quite at those places' price point. In fact, my pizza was free with the b-day coupon they gave me just for signing up for their e-mail fan club!The atmosphere here is nice, too. Dimly lit like an Italian place should be, and replete with the whole red and white checkered table cloths that say "pizza place," but they're cloth (not plastic or whatever) and nice.All-in-all, pleasantly surprised for a free large pizza.
3	Pizza was very Neapolitan: non-oily, thin and tasty. Crust was nice, but too oil-less for my taste.Weren't greeted by hostess. Tables are too tiny, too many tables and customers. Waiters weren't very caring and kept arrogant look on. Also, no goodbye notice from hostesses.Atmosphere would've been nice if not too crowded tables. Cacophony of people at the tables talking made impossible for music be heard. It was nice that there were no TVs at the seating area, don't remember the bar.
5	My Sweet Hubby's B.Day Month !!!!!..an a Free pizza ...*Thank You   Grimaldis* we have been coming here 4 years best pie in town. We just woofed down a lovely antipasto. ..lol ;))))  and in great anticipation of r pie....coming .....!! Xxoooo
4	Great pizza. Love it here
4	I've eaten at Grimaldi's in Brooklyn and the pie here in Scottsdale comes pretty close to the quality I got back East.  The crust was perfectly thin and flavorful, not bland.  The sauce was fresh and sweet, but not too sweet.  The cheese was great as well. We had pepperoni, mushroom and onion (my go-to, baseline combo) and so far this is the best pizza I've eaten in the Valley (just got here in January, though, so I'm looking for more contenders!).
4	Grimaldis knows anchovies. It takes the right touch and they do it right. Excellent service too.
4	Great thin crust pizza. Ordered a personal pan with mushrooms to go. Very convenient, fast, and efficient to-go service.
4	Grimaldi's redeems the coal industry. I know what you're thinking; when I heard they had a coal-fired oven, the first thing that came to mind was dirty coal and the energy industry. Well, I don't know how this oven works but, what I do know is that the pizza that comes out of it is amazing. The crust might be the best of any chain restaurant (sorry, Grimalid's, with as many locations as you've got, you can't deny being a pizza chaing). Don't let the fact that the place is a chain dissuade you from checking it out. The ingredients that grace the crust are phenomenal. Their meats are devine and their veggies crunchy and fresh. Definitely worth trying if you like a good pie.
3	Actually kind of surprised this place has such good reviews. It seemed average to me, the staff though is AMAZING, they're super nice and I totally felt welcome like a friend. The outside patio area is so cute, very close together so it's almost like you don't want to have a conversation because of easy eavesdropping... I was shocked everything was so "fancy" on the menu for the quality which seemed normal to me and for the price and I'm from Scottsdale. It's not an "I just want pizza" place, seems like an acquired taste to be honest. The sauce is so super super thin, I had to ask myself several times if there was any sauce. I also asked for garlic and stared at my pizza trying to find it. The crust is like paper, I don't even know... don't get the appeal. I mean I love thin crust but this was crazy. I also ordered my large pizza with pepperoni and meatball, the pizza was warm but the meatballs were cold, not sure how that happens... to make a long story short my friend and I had only eaten that (and drank water) thus far that day and we both got diarrhea... a few times with aching stomachs. YES, I just said that. No idea what that was about, but it seemed like food poisoning. I got very nauseated myself as well.
5	Hands down the BEST pizza in the Valley. We've been going here for many years but I've never written a review. We usually eat at the Old Town Scottsdale location once a week. The pizza and service is always consistently good. We love to get a table right by the kitchen so we can watch the pizzas being prepared. The crust is thin and always cooked to perfection. We always order a large pepperoni (the pepperoni is never greasy), sausage (has the perfect balance of spices), mushrooms (fresh), & onions.They use fresh mozzarella, not the processed which makes a huge difference. Their sauce is just the perfect balance of flavors. It's sooo good I could drink it by the glass. Wish I could get the recipe. I'm hoping they will start selling it soon.Service is always outstanding. Our server was Matt, he's new but worked at the Grimaldi's in TX where he moved from. He was hands down the best server we've had. There really aren't any bad servers but he went above and beyond. The manager is Mike and he's been there 3 yrs. He does a great job. Always tries to make it to your table to make sure everything was ok. It's amazing that he gets around to most of the tables with all that he has going on. If you watch him you'll see him delivering drinks or food, then back in kitchen overseeing things. Great guy and very personable. Give this one a try, you won't be disappointed. One last thing.....be sure to save room for their NY cheesecake...it's delicious!!!
4	I'm absolutely amazed at how hard it is to find decent pizza in Arizona.  Why do most pizza slices have to be so thin????  This isn't just Grimaldi's, who have seem to perfected the art at making soggy extra thin pizza actually taste good, every place I've tried so far in Arizona can't seem to make pizza as well as anywhere else in the country!  Ugh.  Well despite it being a victim of feeding to the Arizonans who don't know what a good pizza tastes like, they were very efficient and friendly.  I give it four stars because it is an Arizona pizza joint, and no other pizza place in the state of Arizona knows how to make pizza.  I guess this is why Bianco's is so popular...
5	Fabulous thin crust pizza with high quality authentic Italian ingredients.  If you like sauce made with San Marzano tomatoes this place is for you.  Excellent service, salads, pizza and drinks.  Highly recommend!
4	$16 for a large pizza is cheap.  FTW!
5	Last night we were "those people", walking in 30 minutes before they closed. Our waiter was very prompt and didn't act like us coming in so late was an issue at all. We ordered at large pizza with Roma tomatoes, garlic and spicy chicken sausage. It was so good! The pizza was perfectly cooked and the spicy chicken sausage had an amazing flavor to it. We ordered, ate and drank in about 20 minutes being courteous to them closing and had a great experience. I would go back for sure. It's a little pricey but well worth it.
5	My 12 year old daughter and I really love Grimaldi's. Even after trying the other usual Phoenix contenders, this one remains our favorite. The savory sauce and melted balls of fresh mozzarella cheese are the best. Our regular go-to order is a Caesar salad and "red sauce with Italian sausage" pizza.Recently, I came in for my birthday with their birthday deal. If you sign up to be on their email list, you can get a free 1 item large pizza! Best birthday deal. Ever. Our waiter that night, AJ, was so friendly. He genuinely seemed happy and excited that it was my birthday! Thanks, AJ & Grimaldi's, for making my birthday awesome!
5	Best pizza chain in us!!!  I have had their famous pizza in 3 states- texas, Nevada, and Arizona  and all of them taste delicious !!!10.0 -appetizer- Caesar salad- enough to feed a family of 4. Great portions and fresh ingredients10- pizza- pepperoni and Italian sausage. So crispy and fresh from the brick oven.  The pizza is made with such fresh ingredients combined with the taste of the brick oven. Just melts in your mouth!!!
5	Hey Yall.....I AM FAN if I wasn't before....1st off ask for GREG he totally rocks...This is the 1st pizza that DID NOT require me adding PARMESAN to it. I ordered a size half and half....One side was the specialty ROSEMARY POTATO PIZZA it included gorgonzola cheese.....ummmmm on my HOMER SIMPSON VOICE....The other side was my OLD FAITHFUL for all pizza pepperoni and sausage....oooo weeeeee...The sauce is tangy...The Pepperoni is awesome with a slight snap and the Italian Sausage is flavorful with a nice spice kick....i do see what one person said about the red sauce being thin but I like it that way if I wanted a lot of sauce I would have asked or got breadsticks from the hut...ijs...oh and crust is what brick oven pizza is all about...henceforth the name BRICK OVEN,  not BURNT OVEN....i am even more excited that we have one of these joints in Dallas. CUSTOMER SERVICE WAS A+++, the manager even swung by to chat it up a bit. Total Awesome Sauce.
4	Great pizza, eveything tasted fresh and wood fired.  I will be back next time I am in Scottsdale.
1	The food is wonderful.  We continue to go monthly. What I can't stand is the manager and hostess.  Obnoxious.  We had an argument with him because he would not change the tablecloth at the bar table we sat at.  He said it looks clean. How about the fact that the person got up from the table and sneezed on the cloth? I am writing this as I sit in the bar right now. The hostess tonight knew our tablecloth was dirty, flipped it over and reset the table. Not exactly the best hygiene being practiced here.  Not enough to stop us from coming, but I had to voice a concern.
4	Had small Ceased salad and a white pizza.  The salad was good but some of the lettuce was wilted.  The white pizza , with tomatoes and basil was very good.  I found the crust to be soggy.  The pizza would be great if the crust were crispy. Too dough like.
5	WOW this was good pizza!I actually live in Manhattan but have never been to the Brooklyn Grimaldi's (for shame!) so cannot comment on authenticity but gosh this was good pizza. I can attest that it is New York style, with thin crust, but the slices aren't so big that you have to fold them in half (as we do in NY). My boyfriend and I each got a personal size pizza since we couldn't agree and that worked out best- we probably took 2-3 slices home in a box that was breakfast the next day! I got the white and garlic pizza, and he got regular cheese with sausage- all so delicious! He wanted to get the cheesecake dessert but the service was a bit slow that we decided to just get out of there to walk around Old Town. But cool fountain and we enjoyed dining in the courtyard under the pretty lights! Definitely the most romantic pizza joint I've dined at~ hoping to return!
5	Went to Grimaldi's last night for pizza (first time) service was wonderful, pizza was excellent, I wish I would have gotten the name of our waitress she was delightful, she wasn't fake or just going thru motions like a lot of waitresses do when you go out to dinner, she was genuine, good job Grimaldi's for hiring awesome people, made our night very pleasant...we will be going back....
3	I love the atmosphere and the waiters are always fun, nice and attentive.  The pizza is just ok but nothing special.  I judge a great pizza by the crust and this is pretty run of the mill.  The best pizza in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area is Pomo and Andreoli when they serve it.
4	One star for each of the prior visits when I came with a group of people and shared their taste in pizza and the forth star for today when instead of sharing pizza I ordered a personal with tomato and basil (for some reason they don't call it a margarita).  Crisp but not overdone, not salty (as was the case with other pizzas loaded with meat), no grease, and not soggy.  Looking forward to eating the other 1/2 for dinner.
4	Saturday night out with the whole gang (five) is not always easy.  Decided to try old town. We were greeted by friendly faces and seated promptly despite the place looking full. Our server was all over it.  My wife and I were sipping drinks and the kids had their drinks within minutes. Food was great. We left happy with full bellies.   Easy dining experience   Definitely on the regular rotation.
4	Loved Grimaldi's!  Pizza was great, service was excellent, and the cheesecake was out of this world.  We were impressed with the expeditor.  Nothing left the kitchen unless it passed his inspection and met his high quality demands.  Made us happy knowing they cared so highly about their food.Now for the cheesecake.  They make it in-house and it was the best cheesecake I have ever had.  The crust alone was perfection.  It melted in my mouth.  I could have eaten just the crust it was so good.  I ordered the blue berry cobbler cheesecake.   Whole berries were at the bottom of the cheesecake.   The consistency of the cheesecake was perfection.  The soft granola sprinkled on top for the "cobbler" feel was just the right crunch to balance this piece of heaven.  I don't know who their chef was but kudos!
5	Best pizza you can get in Arizona hands down. A bit on the pricey side, but you definitely get what you pay for! Build your own pizza by choosing the size, sauce, and all the toppings. On our first try we had the red sauce with roasted red bell peppers and meatballs. The meatballs are sliced thin and have a great authentic flavor, while the peppers were out of this world, yet were a bit overwhelming in the sense that they dominated over all the other flavors. Not to mention the crust was to die for; thin and crunchy and cooked perfectly!On our second visit we had another red sauce pie with meatballs, ricotta cheese, and mushrooms. The meatballs prevailed yet again, and this time we could really enjoy the amazing red sauce without the overpowering flavor from the red bell peppers. The ricotta is a MUST, and the mushrooms are a great veggie adding additional meaty consistency. This venue is huge and we did not have any trouble being seated at lunch or dinner time. We sat in the outside courtyard on our most recent visit at lunch time, and it was very beautiful. I hope to sit there again after sundown to enjoy the lighting and romantic atmosphere. This place is absolutely a must try for any pizza lover in the area!
4	Really good pizza cooked in the wood oven. Had a regular pizza with sausage, peppers, and mushrooms that was on point. Second pizza with pesto, chicken, and tomatoes. The only negative was the chicken had no seasoning, and the pesto wasn't as tasty as Defalco's. The red sangria was also really good during a hot day. Worth a visit for sure.
5	Great service, great pizza.  We eat here often and recently had our wedding reception here.  We reserved two of their adjoining banquet rooms, and everything was perfect.  The food was delicious and the service was excellent.
4	One of the best pizzerias in the area .  I have been there many times and never been disappointed. Pizzas are very thin and crispy.  Service is great as well. I would put 5 stars if the place was not so loud but their pizzas are amazing.
5	Still my favorite pizza place!  The pepperoni and ricotta is so good.  The service is always great.  We dine in and sometimes order it to go and the pizza is always delicious.
2	The place reeked of Portabello mushrooms when you walk in, which was off-putting. The place wasn't packed, but did have some tables. We had terrible service. We waited forever for our waiter to come back to take our order, our water glasses were empty more often than full, and the food took too long. We had ordered a beer with the pizza and we each ate two pieces before we told another staff member to cancel the beer. We waited again to get our check and for them to pick it up. The food wasn't anything special. Then the manager came over as we were getting our check to ask how everything was right next to the waiter. He was walking away as he asked the question so clearly he didn't care.  I wouldn't go again.
4	Fantastic thin crust pizzas with the best ingredients cooked in a coal fired oven. Service was friendly and efficient. Highly recommend this place. I kind of stuffed myself full of pizza slices- but hey I rarely get pizza so this was my treat and I won't be ashamed of myself f I break my scale tomorrow ah!
3	Normally I have a great experience when I go to Grimadli's! Love sitting in the courtyard patio... but this time I put in a to go order and sat at the bar enjoying a sangria and had a friendly bartender- the helpful staff is why they get a 3 star... but my pizza was cold! It was only about a ten minute drive home max so there was no reason it should have been cold! It still tasted good but I like my food hot.Next time I will just have to dine in and remember not to do any to go orders :(
5	We loved our dining experience at Grimaldi'sI had heard good things about this establishment from fellow yelpers and number it's friends so I was very excited, especially since we were craving pizza and opted for somewhere different...Parking might be a hassle however we were able to find a small spot in the back lot... Located to the west of the building... Glad my car is small because the parking spaces are very tight and close...Entrance to Grimaldi's is on the Scottsdale road side and one you walk in the hosts are to your right...It was a fairly crowded spot for a Friday evening but we were seated in a matter of seconds...A nice little table was open adjacent to the kitchen...It certainly added to the experience as we were able to see what went on behind the glass... It was exciting to see the dough being made, the dough being tossed, and the dough being covered in Uber deliciousness... Our server Chelsea was fabulous...She asked if we had dined at Grimaldi's before and when we informed her that we hadn't, she informed us on the history, the favorites, and the wine list... She seemed to have several tables to cover in her section but she was always there to refill our drinks and helped us when we needed somethingWe started off with the house salad and they were excellent...The vinaigrette dressing was divine...As for our pizza...We split a large one in half and it was the perfect amount for 2 people...On one half we had just cheese And on the other we had pepperoniBoth were amazing and we loved the thin crust, succulent sauce, and the fresh toppings... The entire ambience of the restaurant was fun and really added into our great experience... From the red checkered table covers to the sounds of the working kitchen... Grimaldi's is a hit in our books!
5	Lived in Brooklyn for 3 years and loved Grimaldi's -- this location is just as good as the real thing.
5	The pizza was excellent. Oh how I wish we had one of these in Atlanta or a neighboring town. The crust was thin, but not paper thin. The pizza was huge. I literally stuffed myself because I had to get on plane after leaving this place. The price was fair based on what you got. When my group went, it was definitely busy and I can see why. The next time I'm in the vicinity of a Grimaldi's, I'll be ordering a pizza and engorging myself into it.
5	Some of the best pizza I have ever had.  I ask them to burn the edges a bit more in traditional coal-fired fashion.  I think they refrain from that more extensively to satisfy local palates.  For me....burn it!!  As a pizza snob born and raised in Chicago I find myself leaning towards NY coal-fired more and more.Johnnie's Chicago style on Cave Creek Rd. for Chicago thin crust, and Grimaldi's for NY style.What can I say, it is a heck of a pie.
5	Best pizza in AZ so far!! Our server Jason was amazing so friendly and nice! Great food  amazing service great prices ! My boyfriend is a true New Yorker and loved the food
4	Delicious! The pizza was amazing. We ordered the white pizza with mushrooms and sausage. We sat right next to the prep area and was cool to see them making our pizza and putting it inside the brick oven. Good service.We are also fans of tropical iced tea and they had it here. Don't get the white sangria. It's not what you would expect.
4	I really like the atmosphere here! Love the lights made from wine bottles.... the pizza is really good and the thin crust makes its light on the stomach. The manager that we spoke with there was extremely friendly and helpful. Anytime we are there he says hello, i really appreciate that!
2	There was nothing special whatsoever about this pizza. As a matter of fact it lacked flavor it was bland. Even the dessert trio was just ok nothing special. It was like something I could buy at the grocery store. Even the service was sub par.
5	I love this pizza place.  Maybe it's my North east roots, but to me this is how pizza is supposed to taste.  This place is based off the famous spot in DUMBO NYC and it does it justice.  While I can't say that it's good as it's famous sister, I can say that it's pretty darn good especially for all the pizza imitators out here.  Mmm spicy pepperoni, chicken sausage, and onion.  Maybe it means I'm getting old but give me a night with my girl, a large one of these pizzas, a bottle of wine, and a tiramisu.  The calzones are a little ehhh.  Maybe I'm just spoiled from the juicy ones back east.  The values aren't the greatest, it being a chain and all but I love the place and I frequent this joint all the time.  Extra super bonus points for having such coureous staff.  Love you Grimaldis!
4	Wood fire pizza is the way to go.  I got there at 4pm and was told I would have to wait while the "re-stoke" the fire.  It was not a big deal.  They do this each day.  The pizza came out amazing.  It's a thin crust and the pizza is crispy on the bottom.  No part of the dough was under-cooked as so often happens with thicker crusts.  There was a good balance of sauce versus bread too.  I ate the whole pizza and it was worth the carbs.  I plan to go back if I am in Scottsdale.
4	Good music, good pizza, good service. I really enjoyed eating here during my last visit  to the Phoenix area. We went in the evening on a weekday, so the restaurant was more on the empty side. We decided to sit outside to take in the warm evening. It was nice having good background music--it was eclectic and fun, and wasn't too loud or too quiet. And despite coming near closing, the service was fantastic. Our server was extremely attentive and funny. The food was excellent. We ordered a house salad to split and a large pizza with mushrooms, sausage, and peppers. The salad was really yummy--great dressing and  flavorful greens (not just a bunch of bland iceberg lettuce). The pizza had a very thin crust and high quality toppings. Our only complaint was as you got towards the center of the pizza, the crust got soggier and soggier. Would have liked it to be cooked just a hair longer. Other than that, we had a great time at Grimaldi's. Would definitely recommend if you're in the area!
5	Delicious pizza and great service make this a nice little spot to grab lunch or dinner. Antipasto appetizer is excellent and try a white pizza if you're looking for a different taste. Only minor complaint is the menu says to asks about locals beers on tap but when I did only one was mentioned (Four Peaks Kiltlifter).
5	My favorite pizza in Scottsdale! So good! Get it, eat it, love it. The restaurant is awesome but you can order anything to go as well. Do it!
5	I have been to several of their locations in and out of Arizona.  One is as good as the next Grimaldi's.  They all take me back to my days in NYC!A good place to go!  I have found they have good food and good service.  This seems to be consistent from visit to visit.  I would recommend that you give this place a try because I think you will enjoy it.When you go in - tell them that Chris from Yelp recommended you go there.  They will have no idea who the hell I am but it might provide some interesting entertainment and a good laugh or two!Enjoy!
5	Very unique pizza. Unique, as in good. The coal fire  makes a very crisp crust with lots of flavor. The sauce is great and the toppings are generous. If you like a thin crust pizza, you have to try this place. If you like a thick crust pizza, go call Domino's.
2	Wow. I expected so much better from this NY staple.Ordered a small Pepperoni/Jalapeno/Garlic extra crispy. What came out was a soggy mess which I force-fed myself like a prisoner at Guantanamo Bay.What part of extra crispy did homeboy didn't understand? They use fresh mozarella chunks which hold a lot of water and the jalapenos weren't dried out enough is my guess.This place makes Pizza Hut look like Gary Danko's.I won't bother ever going here again. 2 stars only because our server was cool.
5	I just moved to the area and wanted to go out for a pizza.  Jackpot!  Delicious,  flavorful,  thin crust pizza with a wonderful pizzeria ambiance.
5	Besides Dough Pizzeria in San Antonio, this is the best pizza I've had. Caesar salad was also really good - not drenched in dressing.
5	absolutely the best in town with great customer service by staff and check backs by the manager. if you didnt sign up on their web site, do it now. you will be rewarded with a free large one topping pizza on your birthday week.. "your birthday, not all your dogs birthdays. this is the best of the stores in the phoenix area. i live in ahwatukee and, although la poloma shopping center location on ray and I-10 is closer, still feel this original location is the best. and it was highly recommended by jerry orbach of "law and order".
5	Having the manager message you and offer a free pizza because it was cold the first time you took it home?BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!Like I said before; the pizza is delicious! We love coming here! Fresh veggies and ingredients- wish they had avocado (hint hint) ;)Check out the courtyard, but sitting in is good too!
5	Amazing pizza and calzones.  the crust is so crispy and the sauce is great.  I'm from the east coast and this really feels like I'm back there
4	Great casual pizza spot! Came here as we are visiting from out of town and wanted a casual dinner spot. I like that their menu is simple, and pizzas are all personal!Ordered the Mediterranean and spinach salad (large) as apps for the 7 people table. It was definitely enough and both were good however the spinach seemed to be the favorite. Note the waiter (josh I believe was his name) allowed us to substitute the bacon for crotons, which is always very nice! For dinner we had two large pizza, one red sauce with olives, green bell pepper, onions and fresh garlic--this was definitely the favorite for the majority of us! The red sauce and garlic mixture was perfect!The other one was a pesto with mushroom and artichokes, good as well.Both pizzas were well cooked and not soggy, and the waiter was very ontop of our drink refills along with apologizing the delay (took about 40-45 minutes but it was a full house! Last I loved that our reservations were at 7pm and when  we got there at exactly 7 and they sat us down immediately--now that's what I call fulfilling your reservations! I love when places can do that! Only downside was the tables seemed pretty squeezed together and with tall family members, it was hard to push our seats back to stretch our legs as we were right by the kitchen:/
4	Good pizza! Definitely New York style...I'm not a fan of thick crust by any means, so this place definitely fits my bill. It can get a little pricey for what you're getting when you start putting toppings on your pizza, which is why I am only giving it 4/5 stars. Otherwise I would give them a full house. Their staff was very friendly and attentive! It seems more and more restaurant staff are overworked because they cut staff, but this restaurant had a perfect size staff who all were great to deal with!
4	I've been going to Grimaldi's for years now.  They've got a great pizza.  Super thin and crisp crust.  Fresh mozzarella and quality toppings!
5	LOVE this place. There is just something about the tasty pepperonis they have on their pizzas that are just out of this world! Love it and love coming here. They are a tad on the expensive side but i will always come back.
4	Great atmosphere, food, and the sangria is actually really top notch. Highly recommend the plain-jane pepperoni, as this will give you a basis to compare all other lower forms of pizza you have encountered prior to theirs (it may be simple, but the ingredients are awesome). Also, the cheese cake is almost too damned good and decadent. The friendly crew that runs the place takes care of you. Great for date nights, family/group gatherings, or just ordering up a good take-out pie. They make it the old-fashioned way, and though it comes at a bit of a higher price than your run-of-the-mill fast food pizzas, I can nearly assure you won't be disappointed.
4	Good pizza not the best
5	We went with a party of 6. Order two large pizzas and a large salad. It was about $75. The pizza special-buffalo chicken pizza was so tasty. The cheese used on that one was blue cheese and it was so good - $22 dollarsWe also customize a large pizza with Basil, bacon, mushroom, and fresh tomatoes with pesto base. - about 32 dollars (the toppings were added on to the $18 dollars base) It was nice!
3	Went to a holiday pizza party here last night.  We had about 50 people and lots and lots of food.  They served 6 different pizzas, 4 orders each, for a total of 24 large pizzas.  They also served 3 different salads, in large serving bowls -- I think they filled the bowls again.  My purpose is telling you this is because I felt the servings that were ordered and delivered were very generous and filling -- nobody went home hungry last night.  HOWEVER -- I felt the food was rather bland.....not bad, not terrible, just bland.  The pizzas did not have enough seasonings and even salt on them.  Normally the cheese is salty too, but not last night.  And the salad dressings, all three of them, were rather bland.....to me, there was enough olive oil in them, but not enough seasoning and vinegar.  All-in-all, I thought it was a nice party with lots of food, but for the price, I don't think I would go back again.
1	I used to go to Grimaldi's all the time, but not anymore.  The last time I went to Grimaldi's, I did not have a pleasant experience.  I went there with one of my friends, and we ordered a pizza together along with some drinks.  After we had our pizza in front of us, I asked for some ranch.  Oh, I should not have asked.  They made such a big deal, as if I insulted their cooking.  I'm just a girl who happens to like ranch and pizza, no matter how good it is.  Am I not allowed to have my own likes and dislikes?  Anyway, they refused to give me ranch with my pizza and claimed it's because it drowns out the true flavor of the pizza.  So what??  Their job isn't to tell me how I SHOULD like my food based on their own preferences.  This was a truly awkward and uncomfortable experience, when it should have been a fun and pleasant night with a good friend.  I couldn't even enjoy my pizza, because I felt like I was being judged the rest of my meal there, just for asking a simple question.  I'd rather make my own pizza at home, than to feel treated like that again.
5	this review is just on the food because we go it to go. They have a drive-through door for to go orders. We had a white sauce pizza with mushrooms, sausage and bacon. My favorite pizza anywhere is the Margherita. I love the fresh basil and tomato. Will have to go back soon.
5	Best pizzeria in town. I've been here a couple times and never been disappointed. Their pizza is thin and crisp with the perfect amount of cheese and spices. You have the option to get a personal pizza or you can share a larger one. There are many topping choices at a reasonable price. The waiter will personally serve your first slice for you and offers crushed red pepper, parmesan, or oregano to top off your pizza.
3	Pizza was OK, nothing special.  The crust was soggy probably from the moisture in the cheese. Their cheese is really good though.
5	Went there on my birthday Oct 27 with my wife and daughter and used my free large pizza birthday coupon.  I've been here several times and every time has been great.  I always get the pepperoni and sausage and sometimes we have red pepper on it.  Sometimes we get a salad which is always good, Greek or antipasto.   The location and ambience are great.  Nice looking authentic checkered table cloths with cherry wood thru out and u can view the pizza cooks in action.
3	I love the pizza. As for the people... Well not much. Employes are not that friendly at all. Always have to wait like if it's a privilege just to get waited on by someone. It's obvious something is wrong or they might actually be smile at someone. They just kind of stare like : "what do you want"? It's unfortunate.
5	If I could eat pizza everyday I would.  But this pizza is AMAZING!!! Yes you might have to pay for extra toppings but you "get what you pay for"!!! I would drive to Arizona just to eat this pizza it is soooooo gggoooodd!!!!  One of the best pizza places I have been too.  OH and the SANGRIA!!! AMAZING, and so fresh!!!  Love it!!!!
5	Best pizza I have eaten in years. The Cesar salad dressing in very good. Ordered 2 pizza s a red sauce and white sauce both very good
