4	This is one unexpected gem of a place. We have always passed by carneceria's wondering what they were all about. We decided to try this one out on our local food journey. Not the best looking place, but real authentic and we heard rumors that they will prepare the meat you order for you. So we saw they had a "ESPECIAL" which was 3 pounds of carne asada cooked and prepared for 9.99, you get 2 choices regular or ranchero We stick with the ranchero because we like things a little on the spicy side, but I assure you it's not that bad. They do mostly speak spanish But I strictly used English just to make sure I could review them for all the customers who may come in. They understood and spoke very good english as well so this place is bi-lingual and you should have no problem if you speak only english. Well let's get back to the good stuff, The meat was perfect, we had a large party to serve so we purchased six pounds and they cooked it all and seasoned it for us while we waited (close to 10 minutes) This was the best Carne Asada I have had in AZ, The guac was really fresh, and eveything was perfect. We went down the road to get  corn tortillas because I like them super fresh and Ranch Market (see my other review) can not be beat in that department. I suggest to stock up on your favorite tortilla and get your meat cooked from here if your crunched for time or effort. You can also phone in I believe they had there number posted by the butcher. The chicken Fajitas look simply amasing I would be willing to bet those are super good as well if your not a big fan of the beef I would definatly suggest that. These guys know the right spice and the right way to cook there meats. I would definatly suggest these guys to anyone trying to enjoy some authentic carne asada. It's the best I have had in az and I have been here about 20 years of my life.
5	This place is absolutely amazing. I am in there everyday and buy 3 lbs of chicken fajitas.  Not only does it taste good but they will cook it for you to. All of their meats are high quality and great weather yiu are trying to prepare a meal for the family or a big party, or if your like me and just need large amount ts of protein to eat for bodybuilding this places saves me a lot of time and money.
4	$13.99 for 3 lbs of Carne asada, and cooked! This place is a must if you like asada, carnitas, and other Mexican products. Great prices! I happened to stumble in and I'm glad I found this place. It's great for pick up and go. I'm not from Phoenix but I will visit when I return. Make sure to call your order in and pick it up in about 20-30 min.
