5	I have known Gloria & Adam since 2004.  At that time they did house cleaning for another company.  They were the best cleaners I ever had.  They were always thorough and friendly.  In 2006 they opened up their own housecleaning company and I have been with them ever since.  Gloria, Adam and the cleaning girls have always done an amazing job.  They are reliable, professional, and are concerned with the details.   In all these years they have never cancelled an appointment and they show up on time. My house is always left just right.  I have recommended them many times over the years. Fara
5	I have been using Busy Bee House Cleaning since 2010.  They do an outstanding job on my house and are very accommodating if I have specific things I want done, like oiling my dining room table.  They routinely clean my exterior windows and dust my fans, which I didn't really expect.  I also appreciate that Gloria, the owner, calls to confirm the night before the cleaning and that the cleaning crew is invariably on time.  I would not hesitate to recommend Busy Bee House Cleaning to friends and family, and have done so on many occasions.
5	Gloria was very professional and I was in a hurry to find someone to help clean our old condo when we moved out. We planned on doing the work on our own, but realized how long and hard we were going to have to work to do a move-out cleaning, and we just couldn't handle it! We were exhausted from the move into our new townhouse, and were having so many problems that we just decided to spend the money to have a pro do the cleaning. Did a google search, happened to find Busy Bee and read the yelp reviews. I was impressed.So, they came out in the evening and I met them at our old place, but I was pretty tired and decided to just let them do their thing and I was going to go home. Gloria told me if I had any issues or concerns with their work to just give her a call. Well, the net morning I went in to check it out and honestly I was a little shocked LOL! The place was SOOOOO  clean and it looked brand new! WAY better than I could've done on my own. I was extremely impressed and now I will recommend them to anyone! I will be using their services every time in the future.Thanks guys! I got my full deposit back, all thanks to you! they didn't have any issues with my carpet either, haha! (we had a friend "professionally clean" our carpet, and we were a little nervous that the poor job would affect our deposit coming back. -carpet didn't have anything to do with Busy Bee :)Thank you again!
5	Busy bee girls did an amazing job! The girls were very professional and hard working the house looks amazing! Would definitely use them again.
5	Busy Bee washed my home windows yesterday, and they sparkle.I have had the service clean our home for several months, and thoughtI would try the window washing service.  It is phenomenal.    B.D.
1	I called one week ago to schedule a thorough spring cleaning. I was given a morning appointment time. The service did not show up on time. I called when they were an hour late, and was told that they called me last night to change my appointment time. I told them that I did not receive the message.Next, I was told that they would be at my house within 15 - 30 minutes. Still no show, I finally get a phone call from them 2 and 1/2 hours after they were supposed to be here, saying that they were on their way. All the while I sat here waiting for them. I told them not to bother coming and that they should check with the customer as to what time the customer needs them to come, not what time they want to come. I work the afternoon shift and cannot afford to have someone show up late or when they want to. I think this company provides poor customer service and I won't be calling them again!
5	I have been using Busy Bee for years in my rental homes, my business and my own home. They have been very consistent and have worked with me around my schedule.  Special requests have been accommodated on most occassions and the owners are very professional. I would recommend them, they will most definitely suit anyone's needs.
5	I contacted Gloria about clean out of  rental I was moving from and she was able to get me right in. She sent over a crew consisting or Crew Lead Ashley, along with Juany, and Antonia. The job took a bit longer the initially quoted but then again the place needed a thorough deep cleaning. When they left, the place was sparkling clean, truly impressive. So good, in fact I am going to bring them in to do my new place on a  regular basis.
5	I am the odd duck who actually enjoys house cleaning. However, life happens and I have been helping care for my mom following her stroke and my mother-in-law has also been having health problems so the house just wasn't a priority for our family. After much consideration, I did a search on Yelp and found Busy Bee. The owner was wonderful to chat with when booking and made me feel comfortable about scheduling. The 3 ladies who came and cleaned were friendly and professional and did a terrific job. I will have them back each month to help me stay caught up and have time for caring for the moms.
