5	This is one of my favorite day spas. With Euphoria right around the corner, people may miss out on a great spa experience.  I have only had a few services done here, but what I have had done was phenomenal.  I go to Lois for pedicures/manicures.  This is an absolute MUST.  Lois has a private room, much like the rooms you go in for a massage or a facial treatment.  She always has soft music playing, and suddenly you forget right outside the door is a noisy salon filled with the sound of gossip and hairdryers.  Her pedicures are a dream!  They include all the things a standard pedicure does, but she always adds a special touch, like the hot rock massage, and the warm towels wrapped around your relaxed tootsies.  Lois is also trained in diabetic foot massage, which apparently is a challenge/dangerous.  I purchased a gift card for her services for a male friend with diabetes, and he LOVED it.  Everyone I have sent to Lois has had an amazing experience.  It's a little more pricey than other establishments that focus on getting you in and out, but it's an experience everyone should have at least once.  You won't get a pedicure like this at Euphoria! This is the perfect place to pamper those piggies!
4	I went on a Saturday afternoon expecting to have to wait and saw someone right away. I also noticed that if I paid my stylist directly it's much less expensive (a cut was $35 cash). I'm certain each stylist has his/her own pricing, but I was generally pleased. I'll be coming back!
4	I started going to Xpressions to see Samantha two years ago and have kept going since!  Everyone there is spectacular and especially Samantha!  She is the best when it comes to waxing!!  Facials are her specialty along with extractions!  Girls, if you want to really take care of yourself, go and see Samantha cause her prices can't be beat!  I leave smooth and clean!!
5	I  get my hair done by Jessica Tobler. She does a great job at bleaching and coloring and has always made my hair feel so soft after going to her. She's great at cuts and often offers special promotion prices. Jess goes out of her way to make you feel comfortable while she's doing your hair and always leaves you looking fabulous. i would recommend her to all my friends.
1	Please work on your answering skills, font desk lady. I wanted to book something there for my mom, but whoever answered the phone (approx. 11:20 5/9/12) had the sourest attitude that I couldn't stomach. Answering questions sweetly and informing me, rather than be condescending and making me feel clueless is highly preferred.
1	I had an appointment with Molly. I arrived about five minutes early, and was told she'd be right out. It has now been forty, and she hasn't come out to say anything! At this point, I'm going to go someplace else. Terrible customer service.
5	Just went in for the first time. I had an appointment with Shari and it went great. Great job and very friendly atmosphere, I'll be making this my hair salon from now on. Thanks for a great experience.
2	I actually visit this salon only for Cathy Leake's skin care services and have never received hair services here. The salon seems a bit dingy - not a luxurious or classy feel. The receptionist, always the same woman every time, doesn't seem pleasant or helpful. In fact she's pretty dismissive. She offers clients of the hair salon something to drink when they check in at the desk, but does not offer the same to Cathy's clients. Honestly, this salon seems on par with the cheaper chain hair salons in the area. As for Cathy, check out all of her 5-star reviews here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/skin-care-and-waxing-by-cathy-hendersonThe only thing I don't love is her room. Not as luxurious as other waxing places I've been to, and even the sheets on her (very comfortable) bed are old and stained. But when it comes to her top notch skin care services, easy going personality, and her prices, she deserves nothing less than 5 stars! If Cathy weren't here, I don't think I'd ever give Xpressions a shot.
5	What s great experience I had here.  Everyone is so friendly and catered to my needs and offered a much needed "get away" experience
5	I have been going to Xpressions Salon and Day Spa for seven years. Shari is the one who does my hair. I have never had anyone do a better job with coloring my hair and cutting it. She is so courteous and so meticulous in her work. I drive 20 miles each way just to see her. They are very concerned about what their clients needs are. Also Chris has done my nails, and she does a wonderful job. I feel very fortunate to have found Shari. I would not go any place else to have my hair done.Definitely a five star review from me.
