3	Came here yesterday with my friends and didn't even know that it was the opening night. The restaurant is located in Circus, Circus. Its got a real edgy rocker decor as it should. There's also lots of cool pics on the wall of other rockers and a cool display of clothing in the back along with an art gallery of rock and roll themed art. Its noisy but its a party atmosphere and the t.v.'s play motley crue videos. As far as the food and drinks, they are priced decently, nothing too expensive. For my drink, I ordered "the groupie" which is made with a bubblegum flavored vodka. I didn't care for it too much because it was way to sweet and loaded with syrup, my friend also complained of his drink being the same way. For food, I had the Bang, Bang Shrimp. On the menu, it was described as shrimp dusted with some kind of seasoning and spice with bacon, sliced carrots, zucchini and squash with a scoop of jasmine rice. What I got was soggy vegetables, barely any bacon, 5 pieces of shrimp and rice that wasn't jasmine swimming in a bath of spicy creme sauce. It wasn't what I was expecting when I read the description of the dish. I ate as much of it as I could, plus the rice was a little undercooked. Next time I come back, I won't get this again.Aside from the food, we all had a great time and as an added bonus, Vince Neil was actually there! He came over to our table and took a pic with our friends who were big fans. It was super cool of him to do that. It was opening night, so there is still time for the place to work out the kinks in the food department, but other than that, we did eat, drink and party.
3	I'll start with giving credit of good food and it was delivered fast. The restaurant is sports bar and it was out of beer. No manager presence near the restaurant nor the floor. The restaurant was not busy at all and one waitress was handling over 10 tables. PS all I wanted to do is eat,drink, and party! Think twice before coming.Last thing, look at your receipt twice.
2	Giving it two stars because the food was decent, otherwise I give it one star.  No management around and server was not friendly.  They hardly had beer and our receipt was wrong. We were told to pay with cash because system was down but then changed their mind. Never going back.
1	Let's start with the worst back corner location in an obscure crotchety Las Vegas hotel/casino.. Then throw in the worst margarita on the rocks you could imagine (first one had no margarita mix at all, that was sent back and replaced with one that tasted like watered down lemonade. That's when the waitress says, we just got a new triple sec and no one likes it!) I personally think it's Vince Neil's crappy tequila, or the ball sweat he used to brew it. It's hard to talk bad about the food. It's safe, but it doesn't wow. It simply served the purpose of being edible and filling me up.. All in all, the only thing more depressing than the lack of an atmosphere and the worst margarita in the history of alcohol itself were the looks of self-deprivation on each of the employees faces. I honestly felt bad because you knew that they knew they are working at the worst restaurant in Las Vegas! Save yourself! This place shouldn't be open much longer so hurry up and see for yourself!
2	This place has only recently opened and the staff are still getting on their feet. Came here for breakfast. Music atmosphere is classic rock, so if you're not a fan, then it's maybe not for you, but it's a haven for memorabilia of the era for true fans. The massive flaw with this place is that it's in the dead centre of circus circus, a place I would not recommend to anyone, so it's up to you whether it's worth the walk from neighbouring places like Encore, Wynn, Treasure Island and Palazzo, where good food already exists
1	Food not that great burger was dry the Spanish dip way too salty as if they threw the bottle on it. Not worth to eat here but to watch sports its good.
4	Great food, cool decor, great service!  Food was fresh and the staff was friendly.  We had steak burrito and the steak tacos, both of which were excellent.  Only complaint is our drinks were served in plastic.
5	Amazing show, great food and the best bartenders in Vegas. I love coming to this bar because they really take care of their customers and provide great entertainment for free!!If you're in Vegas, definitely stop by here and watch the flare show, James Michael, or just have a great bite to eat!
3	The shrimp taco is to-die-for.  Spicy with a hint of cilantro and the crunch of cabbage and good sized prawns.
5	Omg forget carnival bar. Look for victor and sebastian!! The flare techniques are amazing. I don't usually rate bars but I really think they're not getting enough credit for what they're doing. Find them at circus circus!! I know circus... Really? But they're really worth visiting!!
2	+ The FOOD was good, I ordered the Cajun chicken pasta. They have good music & lemonade. The staffs nice.- I found a hair on one of the noodles. GROSS. The wait is ridiculously long, like 30-40 or MORE! The waitress kept messing up our order & receipt. She takes forever to give you your check.
2	No service. Waited 15 minutes to be seated then another 15 minutes for our server to come by. Took our drink and food order right away then waited another 10 minutes just to get our drinks. The only thing I will give them is the food is great! Only reason I'm giving two stars is that. If there were more staff the place would be better!
3	I ordered the buffalo wings and some of our group had hamburgers. Overall the food was good and great for one of those morning you just gotta soak up the night before.  Things were a little rocky with some dude that had zero menu knowledge messing up our orders, but Tiffany stepped in and everything was smooth sailing.  She was extremely friendly and her recommendations were perfect. Several of us went back during our stay because of her.
3	The food was no better than Dennys at best, the dinner there with my sister in law and wife was ok I had the black and bleu Buger it was good but it served with frozen french fries, My sister in law had the Chicken Rice bowl which was ok and it is real spicy,my wife had penne with chicken it was ok, but with that being said the food was not any better than what you can buy premade in the frozen section of a grocey store. We ate breakfest there it wasnt my Idea, My sister in law order french toast with eggs it came with strawberries only two cut in halves the whip cream was forgotton along with the eggs, and it was only one peice of bread cut in half all for 10,95 and it was tasteless. When the waittress saw the era with the missing eggs she tried to correct it by bringing my sister in law her eggs which she did bring them but they were not the scrambled she order. Her granddaughter had the silver dollars pancakes they were from a premade batter and were burnt on the bottom and had the taste of grease. However my wife had the chorizo scrambled eggs they were good just a little dry and I had the special steak and eggs which the steak was cook perfect and my sunnyside eggs were spot on for 6.95 it came with toast and homefries but the potatos were frozen from a bag instead of fresh. It thats eaten like a rock star then they dont eat very well. I think the menu could need some adjustments.
5	My friends and I ate there last night and the wings were really great! They were crispy and all wings not drums which I like more! And the bartenders were so nice to us!
2	The food here was average nothing special out waitress was slow like a lot of waitresses in vegas is seems like. The real problem here is my boyfriend left his card on the table after we paid the bill. He came back to the restaurant and asked if they saw it and they said no and the waitress said no. They said if they found it they would turn it into security. So security didn't have it and my boyfriend called to cancel his card because maybe he though he dropped it somewhere else. The next day the hotel lobby calls saying the restaurant had his card! Seriously so annoying having to deal with canceling a card and getting more funds when they had the card the whole time! Just don't go here these people are lazy.
2	Cheap steak and eggs on the strip in Circus Circus.What can I say, we were playing in the midway at Circus Circus and my gf was craving for some steak and eggs. So who else comes into mind rather than Motley Crew!Well the service wasn't that bad. Pretty attentive. However, the steak was really dry and chewy. However, we didn't really complain considering it was $8. Also the breakfast platter was $6.50 for pan cakes, eggs, sausage and sour dough toast.Overall, the food is average. Nothing special here asides from the decoration and live music that goes on here. Definitely, more of a place to drink and watch live music rather then eat.
4	Really enjoyed dinner here.  Live music, great waiter and tasty food at a reasonable price.  Kid friendly but be warned the music is a bit loud for little ones.  (Hey, it's Vince Neil's place..  if it wasn't a bit loud it'd be just wrong.)I ordered the Krispy Kreme Burger.  If you like Krispy Kreme donuts (and who doesn't!?) and burgers, it's a must-order.   Loved it!
3	Good prices. The food is very middle of the road. Can't beat the 7.99 steak and eggs. Unless your the type of guy that is willing to pay 6 more dollars for better steak and eggs...... We went there three days in a row. I don't recommend this unless your a wild 80's woman desperate to relive that one night you went on Poison's bus.
1	Some manager called destiny was rude and unprofessional to not only are table but a few others. I will never eat here again.
3	I love the makeup of this place. It gives off a rock n roll concertish/bar feel. There was a good fried chicken deal going on and we were like hey why not? 3 piece + fries + cole slaw = delishAll of that for $8.99. food was pretty good for the price. The fried chicken was crispy and hot but I didn't like how it was too dry. Ketchup and hot sauce is definitely needed.The portion was Pretty big..definitely can feed two average eaters lol. I couldn't even finish all of the food. We had to get the food to go. The staffs were friendly as well. Oh yeah! They also have the toilet bowl cup thang here. It was cute and all but pretty pricey...running at $25.
2	Well, the Nachos were great. That's all the food we had, atmosphere was good.  Don't do the oyster shooters, canned oysters, not good!!!   The Tatuado Tequila shots we tried were bad, sort of tasted like vodka.  Some one there needs to taste that stuff, the bartenders didn't even know what it was supposed to taste like. The Margaritas were decent, have had a lot better though.
3	The food was regular.  Nothing special. Had the burgers. Their Tatuado Lemonade was really good. My daughter had their Krispy Kreme burger and it was too sweet for her so she ate the burger without the donut "buns". The atmosphere was nice and so was the staff.
1	Plain nasty.  Rude waitress and who doesn't carry Bacardi?
1	Place has a cool vibe, like the atmosphere but bartender and staff are terrible. Bartender was terrible she unable to take our party of six, drink and food orders at the same time which caused everyone's drinks and meals to come out at different times. She seemed super flustered but was amusing to watch. It wasn't busy considering there was only 10 people total at the bar and she even had a bar back helping her. It got really annoying to ask for every little thing like sugar for tea, butter for pancakes, napkins, silverware, missing food and cold food the list goes on and on. For some reason our bill came incorrect, then when the manager came to fix it she said next time if we want the special we need to ask for it specifically and that she would fix it this time. I said look down at the flyer in front of you that's what I handed your bartender. She said oh I'll talk to my staff then. Then I told her all of our problems with the staff and she asked us to write everything we just told her on the back of our receipt. I looked at her like she was an idiot. I'm on vacation I'm not here to write reviews of your staff. I told you the problem now you need to fix it. She told us she would discount our meals 20%, I just laughed. Place gets 1 star because the steak and eggs were actually pretty good but pancakes were awful along with the staff.
3	The wait staff is lacking. However the food is good and decently priced. Breakfast has two specials that aren't on the menu that are a great deal.... when you check into the hotel they give you a little pass book with all that info. Also two for one yards of alcohol are fun!
4	A nice place to hang out for a while alone or with a group of friends or even with the family. They do have a kids menu. The food was good and drinks were average. The bartender I had was a nice guy and genuinely made an effort to engage his customers. The drinks were a little light handed though. Overall, I would bring my friends here for night out.I just wish that Vince would go back to Tres Rios tequila instead of the Tatuado.
1	Haven't event gotten my food yet the service fucking sucks I don't even know why I didn't leave and go upstairs to McDonald's they have better service than this shit hole!
1	Been sitting here 20 minutes, only a few people here, still waiting for a waitress to show up and ask if I wanted a drink or food.
1	The entire circus circus casino is in need of cleaning.    There is no pride in the employees.   Dirty uniforms hygiene and facilities.   Comps are non existent and the general feeling is that nobody cares.  Hesitate to even give one star
1	I had high expectations going into this place as it 'appeared' to be a nice spot and had Vince's name attached to it.  Low and behold I'm burned again for not checking Yelp before going into an establishment....  why wont' I learn my lesson?  lolFood was actually decent on the surface...  service was indeed terrible as other indicated and things seemed to move a snails pace.  We had to go track someone down just to put in our order.The important part here is that my wife and I both received food poisoning here.  We both had burgers.  She was extremely sick for 2 days and couldn't hardly move...  it was NO JOKE.  I've never seen her that sick from food...  I would definitely not recommend going here for that reason alone.  ITS NOT SAFE PEOPLE!!!
2	Ok at best. Service is slow. Food is ok. Menu selection is limited. Atmosphere is good if you love the 80s.
1	Do NOT eat here. The food is horrible! I didn't have high expectations, I was expecting food along the lines of Hard Rock, but this place should be closed down. I had part of a meatloaf sandwich and part of a burger with mac and cheese on top. Neither had any flavor.  The buns and the fries were stale.
