5	DON'T MAKE ME GET OUT OF THE MASSAGE CHAIR! OH MY GAWD, can you say a massage you'll NEVER FORGET.  Lindsey-She's got some sort of magic hands.  I got the Desert Rain Vichy Exfoliation.  "Imagine lying down and having warm water massage you like rain falling from the sky! This luxurious water treatment is detoxifying, hydrating and intensely relaxing, both spiritually and physically. The Vichy Shower includes a full-body exfoliation and hydrating body cream of your choice".  In it's exact words, this is what I felt.  I fear massages because of too much detoxification or harsh on my back.  This massage was perfect.  Gentle on my body and great on my skin.  Physically, I felt relieved and was mentally ready to get out there and enjoy the rest of my day afterwards.  Facility is gorgeous with a pool, spa, sauna, etc... You can leave and come back anytime of the day to use their facility which makes things more convenient.  Staff is also very friendly.I want to come here whenever I'm back in the area.  Something definately worth spending my money on.
5	great experience.  beautiful hotel and spa.  $270 for couples massage.  you get 20% off if you're a local.  GO HERE.
4	Entering the free-standing spa building (separate entrance from the front drive) is like visitng a marble-lined palace. Pleasant locker room facilities and good service level. Outdoor waterfall treatment area optional. Small but bright and airy exercise room with up to date machines.The hot stone massage uses smooth basalt stones warmed to between 150-200 degrees F and used with a thin layer of lotion or oil to give a light to moderate full body massage (contrary to the photos, they don't just lay them down your spine!). Some rock are also just placed in certain positions for concentrated heat--on the soles of the feet, behind the knees, even little stones between the toes! At 70 minutes, it's an excellent alternative for someone wanting a slower, lower impact treatment than the typical massage options. Their desert-inspired signature Prickly Pear treatment (designed for couples) includes a sugar scrub with prickly pear (high antioxidant and vitamin c levels), show and long spa tub soak in mood lighting, then a full Swedish/Thai fusion massage. Ask for CARLOTTA.
4	Ritz Carlton rarely disappoints.   This property lived up to its name.  Upon driving up to the entrance you see this lovely free-standing building.  That's the spa!  It's a separate, secluded sanctuary of paradise.   I booked a hot stone treatment.  Oh my!  Awesome!On to the hotel.  The staff was very friendly and personable as always at a Ritz Carlton.  They all greeted you by name and were eager to beacommodating in any way you desired.   The lobby was gorgeous and perfect for lounging, enjoying a cocktail, or having a light meal.  The only complaint I have about my room was the lack of ventilation in the bathroom and the mint green walls.  That was just a standard room.  The 1 bedroom suite was much better.  The living room was huge and there were two bathrooms. Now the best part, the pool/fitness area.  It's not that the pool was anything unusually spectacular, the service there was.   The food at the pool was the best I've ever had at a pool.  The lobster quesadillas were to die for.  After food like that exercise is definitely needed.  Complimentary fitness classes were offered every morning.  We opted for the water aerobics since the pool was a regular hangout spot for us.  If you're wanting the Ritz Carlton experience that will fit any budget this is the one for you.
