4	Awesome!  I love potato pancakes.  They are excellent here.  When we visited here, among other things, we got the Bacon Lover's Special.  We must have gotten half a pound of bacon!  We ended up sharing with the "older" couple next to us, who commented on how much bacon came to the table.  Mostly locals at this joint, since it's way off the strip.My 'original' favorite was the OPH at Green Valley Ranch in Henderson  (see: http://www.yelp.com/biz/p7RWwyP49cDwgvoK1Um8Mg?hrid=JAjv8kjm89V08MGTqmb97Q ) but the lines are insane there and it' doesn't make much sense to drive all the way out there when my family is near Summerlin.  Thank goodness theres an excellent OPH in this part of town.
5	I always go at least twice when I visit my folks in LV.  I stick to the pancakes (duh), but the omlettes aren't too bad either.  The dutch baby (which my mom always orders) does take 20 minutes, so if someone else orders it, you might be in for a bit of a wait.
2	Breakfast!!Nothing to WOW about.Although their Specialty Pancakes look impressive as hell.There is a Notice that these meals (even omelettes) may require an 18min cooking time over your basic bacon and eggs. Just an fyi.Party of one. No counter to kick back at. Bummer.Great service though. They are all over you, and very nice. Monica was a sweetheart.Especially with what the servers are contending with......and you too if you come here.Tuesday morning 10:00am. Waited only 5mins for my table.Once seated I'm surrounded by a couple screaming kids, several folks (who remember phonebooths)  chatting away about taking their garbage cans out, or having been to Phoenix already, etc., LOUDLY.All the while ingnoring those right in front of them? I'm finding it sad that older people have discovered public use of a cell phone too. They make loud speaking people louder.Food is certainly worthy here. Except maybe the $3 small orange juice. Maybe even the $15 total which includes a $2 tip. And can most certainly get higher. I had a simple breakfast.Will I come again? Probably not as a party of one. With my folks, or a "morning after" episode of a fine romance? Majority rules will have to win that one.Give me the Mom & Pop breakfast joint any ol' time versus a place like this or similar.But, your mileage may vary. I don't even want to think about a Sunday!
5	I ask you what would you do when you go and pick your red Ferrari up? What is the first thing you do in that car? Put the top down, turn the bass up, light your cigarrette, and what? Go to the Original Pancake House (OPH as me and my Vegas crew call it). That's what I do. And I'm not playing. I'm driving on the freeway with one thing in mind. My challah french toast. I want my front parking spot, why I don't know because none of the spots there are in the shade at all, and want my breakfast. Thick slices of beautiful challah, dipped and cooked up all perfect with some strawberries. Oh, my strawberries, yes please. Extra please. Throw down some coffee with that, a little O.J. ya'll and watch your fingers. If you get too close to my toast you're gonna lose a hand. I'll even take an extra order to go knowing that they don't do takeout orders. That way I know I'll be totally taken care of in three hours, when my sugar high has crashed and I know I want more. I've even had my french toast with a glass of Chateau D'Yquem. That's sick. And it was delicious.The service is fast, they have conveniently located restaurants. They close early, I think about 2:30 pm, so get your hungover asses outta bed and get some breakfast. It's a whole hell of a lot better than that IHOP shit they're always trying to feed us. I know it's not Waffle House guys, but that's a whole different story.
5	I absolutely almost died here choking on french toast, but the french toast is amazing, so I still come here. Their french toast is also special -- they use sourdough bread, light egg covering, and sprinkle powdered sugar on it. This is what french toast should actually be. Well it is what it should be in the Southwest United States according to wikipedia, but that's where I am from so take it! They also have fresh orange juice, great prices, and very friendly service. Be careful to go on Sundays around 9-10 because there's a church up the street where nearly everyone attends Original after.
4	Yum. We love this place. It's exactly like the one in Royal Oak MI... I guess I never knew it was a chain! The omelets are awesome!! They are absolutely huge, you could probably split it with someone if you wanted. It nice and fluffy (I think because they bake it?) I recommend the veggie one, very good !The bulgar wheat pancakes rock! I know what your thinking.....but I swear they kick ass and they are good for you (kind of ;)) This place totally owns IHOP! You have to check it out!Can't wait to try the french toast you are all raving about. I love the omelets so much I have a hard time trying anything else!
5	To me breakfast is my most important meal of the day and this place does breakfast to its best!! living in Vegas at the time  while attending school for  Interior design, I decided to check this place out after hearing so many great things about it , not only in LV but in California .Wow Everything from there chocolate chip pancakes to there omelets are Amazing!! There omelets are fluffy and the size of my head,hard to finish, but just absolutely delisious.And there pancakes OMG!!Incredable I have since then tried choclate chip panckes one or two other place s and they just dont compare.It has been a while since i have been there but look forward to visiting once a gain
3	Was going to attempt to go this weekend but found out yesterday from the one on Fort Apache that this one is CLOSED.
