5	Just had my 2014 VW GTI windows tinted by the Saturday crew and they did a great job, and we're very friendly. Great price, great people, great service.
5	These guys did a great job on my car. Very professional and clean job. Friendly and fast service.  Thanks Alex.
5	I love to listen to AM Radio at night and pick up stations from all over the country, but unless my stereo is grounded properly, I get buzz and engine whine when trying to listen to a traffic report from 300 miles away.  The job they did @305 is cosmetic, gives me great reception and was done in no time.
5	Just got my tints done for my Mazda 6 and may I say everything was fantastic! Excellent customer service, very friendly, they explain everything to you in detail and price was affordable. I recommend this place if you were to accessorize your vehicle. Thanks to Alex and his partner who very friendly!
5	Fantastic service and quality! I will be coming back to get my other vehicles tinted! They honor the price of the Groupon for what is advertised unlike some other shops that keep adding to the price once you are there. Definitely recommend 305 Kustoms!
5	Excellent excellent service called to set an appointment for our brand new dodge challenger set it for a friday, got the car earlier than I expected   called to see if they could fit me in  note the time was 430 pm expecting a No... that was not the case ,,, got limo tint all the way around  even the windshield was tinted with a sun block stop at top. When the guy finished it looked Amazing  the price was right and I even tipped the guy 20 bucks for staying late.  Everyone in the work place treated my kid and myself with excellent service.  Thanks so much for making my wife happy   which makes the whole family a happier place to live thanks again.
5	I have been to 305 Kustoms multiples times.  In their old location and their new one.  A++++ on customer service and quality work.  They have done work on three of my cars and I trust them to work on my next car.  I had tint, car alarm, touchscreen din and backup camera installed.  I recommend them to anyone who is looking for quality work.
5	I found this awesome business through groupon and got tint for my new car which turned out great!! Then I also bought a new sound system for my car which was installed in one day with custom sub boxes which sound incredible. The business owners were very helpful, friendly, and answered any questions I asked. Best of all for me, they made me feel comfortable and I feel that I made two new friends. I will definitely use them again for future upgrades to my car. Thanks again 305 Kustoms!! Great job to both of you!!
5	They were able to schedule me for the next day. They started on my windows immediately after I arrived. They were able to advise me on the best tint and they were fast. The end result was awesome. Friendly service! I'll definitely recommend them to others.
5	Alex did a great job installing my backup camera.Fast too!Thanks.
5	Purchased a Groupon then made an appointment.  Alex was great explained all the different tints they offer. Very clean shop and waiting room with a flat screen TV... I watched a Netflix  movie while waiting. I went with the basic legal tint and it came out perfect.  I also received a warranty in writing. I was kept company by Alexs cute little docuson named Petrie.
5	I was looking for a place to help install my Sirius radio receiver in my car. After reading reviews on Yelp, 305 Kustoms seemed like the the best place to get it done. If a business replies to all the reviews on yelp, you know they truly care about their customers. I stopped by and met with Denisse and she introduced me to Alex. Alex explained in detail what he could do to make the installation look clean. I made an appointment a couple of days later. I dropped off the car and picked it up later in the afternoon. As expected, they did a great job and the installation looks great. Although I live on the east side of town, the drive was worth it. Great price and great service. I highly recommend 305 Kustoms! Thanks Denisse & Alex
