5	Great place to get help for any pain issues.  I have bulging discs and sciatica.  I was bed-ridden for 6 weeks and they got me the ability to move again with no pain.They have great things to help between visits, from stretches to ice packs and bands.  The pillow really helps.I have had Acupuncture, Chiropractic and Medical Massage.  Very helpful when combined and managed.  The Doctors stay connected and shared notes, so it was easy to work with them.  Awesome group.They also provide text reminders for appointments and between visit reminders.
5	Eric the massage therapist and Dr. Dollarhide are both awesome in their craft. If you've got a kink or need to get adjusted. I highly recommend this place.
4	Nice quiet air conditioned. Lol. She helps my pain, and pays attention toe.
5	First visit today & I am very pleased! Great service & felt at ease with staff! Thanks Dr. Dollarhide & staff! Highly recommended!
5	This place got me in on a busy Friday. They're amazing. Cold water in the waiting area, and the doctors are well rounded with an acupuncturist on board (still have to make an appointment with her). The first time I've seen and used a HydroMassage bed. AMAZING and much needed. Not like the mall hydro beds. This one's intensity can get pretty strong. Thanks Dr Alex for taking time, being explicable, and helping demonstrating stretch routines.
5	All the chiropractors are terrific here - Dr. Alex, Dr. Berger, and Dr. Dollarhide - and the staff is friendly and efficient. They have Saturday morning hours, which is great if you work regular hours during the week. The prices are reasonable, too, if you don't want to use your insurance.
5	Dr. Alex is the best! Years of tightness in my back and shoulders is gone! Ive been in to see him at least 10 times and i havent felt this good in years. Hes very knowledgeable and taught me a lot of different stretches I can do to keep myself feeling right.
5	I was barely able to walk when I first went to see Dr. Dollarhide.  I had thrown my back out at work and was in agony.  I had never had an adjustment before and was not sure if it would help.  When he adjusted me I almost leapt up off the bed I was amazed!!  The pain was gone and I almost floated out.  I ended up having adjustments by Dr. Berger too and she was phenomenol.  Highly recommend this office.
