3	It's been a few years since I've been here but came here last week to do some early Christmas shopping. Generally, this store is pretty small. The parking lot makes it seem like there are more people shopping which is misleading. The entrance and the exit are separate- kind of weird, but whatever. There were signs posted all over regarding the clearance toys being 75% off. So I checked out that section and it was mostly leftovers from summer- I didn't partake. The layout of the store is also kind of weird. The selection of toys is better at Target. I did find three toys though, so it was not a total loss. At the checkout line, I noticed the small selection of gift cards nearby. I suppose, while in a pinch, one could find a gift card here. I prefer the Von's Gift Card selection- it's the biggest. If there is a good sale on Black Friday, I might come back.
4	" I don't wanna grow-up...I'm a Toys R Us-kid!"Even at the age 39 and near grandpa-status, why not?Another chained toy store, I don't see much in the Bay Area. But the Fantastic-4 and/or I still enjoy going where there were more stores back home. But this location is much cleaner and more organized than back home. Plus sadly, the store was quiet with maybe less than people including myself shopping or window browsing. On the left side of the store, there are a ton of Christmas items i.e. a large selection of the Peanuts. There were so many of them and I want to buy the whole section. Unfortunately, I just bought a cool holiday figurine collection of the gang for $20.00. The figurine set looks good on my mantle along with all my trophies and awards. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Rw0FyjiCjk1L0X3wXO56Og?select=6YS4t1mBXTdcr3x689loFwThe entire store has great collection of toy-lovers. I also like the aisle full of NASCAR and WWE toys and memorabilia. All these huge selections of toys make me wish I were a kid again!
3	Its in a crappy neighborhood...its kinda messy but it gets the job done. Nothing earth shattering to report. I found what I needed for my boy's 4th birthday but their Iron Man toy selection was a little much to be desired. Probably won't be back unless I am in the area and I happen to need a toy.
3	Toys R Us during the holidays. What were we thinking? I don't frequent toy stores typically since I don't know many kids, but we were looking for a very specific toy for my fella's niece. We called ahead and they had one left in stock. We asked them to put it on hold, but they told us they don't do that so we headed over asap. The store was packed and a little unorganized, but given the holiday season, I'm going to cut them some slack. The service was ok, but on two occasions the cashier walked away to check a price in the store which made the wait even longer. Don't they have people who could help her with that to make the checkout process more efficient? Oh well, it's good for what it is.
1	The cashier at this toys r us was extremely rude.  My husband was trying to return something purchased with the allowed time frame and she was a bit snippy.  She definitely needed some work on the customer service department.
3	I don't think I have been in a Toys R Us since I was 10, so it was a little overwhelming, to say the least.  We were shopping for a baby bike or push/ride thing for my toddler.  Even though we went in on a mission, we almost left with 10x more because they had some cool toys that I haven't seen at Target and Walmart.  Yeah for a good selection!So the Pros:-Lots of parking that is close to the door.-Lots and lots of inventory for all ages.-Great clearance section.  Mostly seasonal items, but things that really don't go out of style, i.e. pool toys, bubble toys, etc.-Reasonable prices on most items.  Most were comparable to Target and Walmart's toy prices in many cases.-Floor samples, especially in the riding toy area.  It is nice to see if your kid even likes the thing before you buy it. -The store manager was walking around offering help and advice.  He was very nice and friendly.And the cons:-Small aisles that were a little on the claustrophobic side in some sections.-The floor samples were a bit dirty.  -Short staffed in the store.  Some items are high up and you need help, but it wasn't easy to locate anyone.  I only saw the manager walking around, no one else.So if you need some fun stuff for your kiddo, this store is ok.
3	I came here to purchase a SKLZ Pro Mini Basketball hoop for the office.  It took awhile to find as it was not in the same shelf of where the NERF sports stuff ways (I figured bundle all the sports stuff at once, but I'm sure a corporate marketing contract prevents that).  I found it laying down on the shelf, oh well I got it.My cashier was friendly and I didn't have any issues with the hoop when I got home.  The store was clean and neat and I was in and out pretty quick.
