4	Target.  It beats having to go to Walmart.Target is my go to store for most everything and this is by far the nicest one in the area.
4	It's...a Target.  It's right across the street (Frye) from the Chandler Fashion Center and will most likely have what you're looking for just in case you don't want to clod through herds of scantily clad tweens and moody teenagers or your run of the mill mall sheep.  Other than that, and on a more serious note, they have pretty much everything you'd expect from a big Target: pharmacy, photo, grocery, everything else, and alcohol (including some local craft beers!).  What else do you need, right?
4	Targets, just like Walmarts, are pretty much copies of each other. Meaning, if you know one store, then the next Target is going to be very similar. This Target is no exception.What is there to like? Well, I actually kind of like the lack of self-checkouts. for granted, they are kind of cool when in a rush but many we as humans sure are disconnected anymore. We can't even be bothered by waiting in line and talking to someone when they check us out? C'mon, people. This is a nice change of pace in comparison to other stores. I also like that for the most part, the carts aren't trashed. They are generally clean and don't have mounds of trash in them like other stores (not just talking about Walmart here). It is also across the street from the Chandler Fashion Mall. So if you want to kick your scantily clad teenage girl off at the mall and then skip over to target, then this is perfect. Also, it is located in a strip that isn't plagued with empty stores. to my knowledge, every shop in the strip-mall is occupied. This doesn't really matter *to* Target, but it makes the place look nicer. Plus, it gives you a lot more options to get all your daily tasks done as Costco is behind it, Bed Bath & Beyond is next door, as is a sporting good store and a office store.What is there to not like? They are probably a little more pricey and selective on certain things. However, I have found some tremendous deals here... you just have to look around sometimes. With that said, the quality is probably better than Walmart, so, you get what you pay for.Overall, it's good. hopefully this location doesn't get too much business stolen from it with the new target on Arizona and Ocotillo.
5	I just had a wonderful experience at this Target.  They say it's the attitude of employees that make a good company and they're right!  The girl that rung me up at the checkout stand was genuinely kind, sweet, interested in the fun I had this weekend, and well, just great!  She was such a wonderful woman that I didn't even notice at first that she hardly had any use of the right side of her body.  Knowing that this Target was willing to hire a disabled person is a big plus for me, and what a wonderful person they got!  Two thumbs up for this great shopping experience!
5	I was also rung up by the same girl Nathan M. mentioned below. I really wish I could remember her name because she is SO extremely nice. I go out of my way to get in her line. She always greets everyone with the biggest smile and chats with you about your plans, etc.. She is friendly and fast. I hope her boss somehow sees these reviews.I love that this Target has the full grocery now. I always have great service here. Mark who works in the produce area is very helpful and friendly.The pharmacy people here rock too, I've asked the blonde pharmacist many questions and she is always so happy to help me. I really love my neighborhood Target.
5	This store ROCKS!! But what even rocks more is the cashier who rung me up. She is extremely nice and asked me how my week was going. I was feeling down when I walked into the store but she really made my day. To the previous reviewers who wanted to know,her name is Nellie. Someone get this girl a pay raise!!
4	When Walgreens doesn't have what you need, and trudging through the endless isles at WalMart is too much for you to handle, Target is a happy medium.I've had pretty good shopping experiences at this particular Target store.They have the best sales out of the other Targets in neighboring cities.  Their $.99 section is terrific!The customer service has always been satisfactory there.
4	Always fun to shop here. Great selection.
5	I know, I'm a dork, though more like a Target Snob. Is Target not the best store ever? Anyway, relocating back to the Valley, I'm completely turned around and not familiar with this new area...and I won't say which one, but I am NOT thrilled about my "local" Target. BUM-MER! My first trip out, I drove all the way to Super Target on Gilbert Road (already reviewed last year ;))- not a far drive, but lets just say I didn't buy ice cream...it would have melted by the time I got home!I had to make a drive down to Chandler Mall and remembered there was a Super Target there- SCORE!! While I am not as in love as the Gilbert Road location, this one ROCKS. I found EVERYTHING I needed and have been looking for (that my "local" one had none of..not to mention NO selection - womp-womp). And always, if there are no antibacterial cart wipes when I walk in, I will walk out- gross, yes I WANT ecoli, thanks (anyone else think stores should be mandated to clean the carts nightly?? Maybe I'm the only germaphobe).The one downfall was the cart, while not disgusting, and there were wipes, was not the most appealing (aka dirty). Got over it quick since I found everything I wanted.....that day. ;) Happy, happy, happy Target snob today (well, yesterday lol).
5	Oh how I love Target! This is my neighborhood store and I'm here at least 3 times a week. Seriously. It's always clean and the employees are friendly and helpful. It has groceries and anything I want/need is usually in stock. Now it has a Starbucks!
4	This is probably my faviorite Target that's not a full SuperTarget. It was once a Greatland Target, though even though they took the name off the building after the remodel, it still has a basic Grealtand layout with straightline checkouts and two entrances. I can't stand the stores that have the checkouts stacked where you have to squeeze by people to get to the back checklane, so I love that this Target has 18 checklanes straight across the front from one exit to the other. Big points for having two entrances also, it just makes it easier to shop and you don't have all the cars packed at one door like a normal Target, it's nice and spread out here! Like I mentioned before this location was recently remodled along with almost every other Target in Phoenix to the new pfresh layout. That means they now sell fresh food with an expanded grocery area, similar to a SuperTarget but without the full deli, bakery, etc. Having more food makes this store very convinent and much easier to just be able to make one stop and get just about everything we need. It's also nice having all the other stores around here and the mall just in case you do happen need more after spending two hours here and dropping $500 like it's Monopoly money!They took out the photo lab in the remodel (boo!), but they still have the Food Avenue with Pizza Hut Express, Pharmacy, and Target Mobile. Although I suppose the grocery is more useful than photo :-/ Overall, very awesome Target location, always clean, and usually enough checklanes open too! Pharmacy, Food Court, Grocery is on left entrance and Guest Service, Electronics, Home is on right entrance. Happy shopping!
4	I found myself wandering the aisles of Target yesterday to kill some time and left with many things I probably did not really need as usual.I like the layout of this store. It is easy to navigate and find what I need (or don't need) quickly. I ended up with two new CD's yesterday and I found them at great prices. I also found some really great Essie nail products that I haven't been able to find anywhere else, Target saves the day once again. I also shopped the dish detergent section, the bottled water section and randomly ended up with some mac and cheese. Target is not a good place to kill time, you will end up buying many random things - fair warning.I do find the clothes at this particular location to be a little bit lacking. The selection is very limited and a lot of sizes seem to be gone when I am looking through them. I will be back to Target many times. Hopefully next time with a clear direction of what I need but rest assured even if you don't need it Target has got it.
1	I like Target but I have had substantial problems with their RedCard.I signed up for e-statements.  Three months after I made a purchase I received an e-statement that carried two months worth of interest plus late payment penalties.  I checked my email history and my spam ... I never received an e-statement until March!  Not only that ... I was expecting an e-statement in April and never got it!  Their customer service people are laying it on me because I didn't check for statements online  ... I hardly ever use store credit cards and I had forgotten about the purchase.  So ... a word to the wise ... if you have a RedCard you don't use frequently, I recommend requesting a paper statement.
