5	I love Fresh & Easy. They have a lot of items much cheaper than the grocery- just everything is real reasonable for what it is. Like cheeses here are very nicely priced! I just bought a wedge of brie for $3 when the same sized wedge cost $6:50 at the grocery. And small chevre/goat cheese for $2.50 that cost $4.99 at the grocery. That alone is awesome for a charcuterie lover like me. Meats and seafood is fresh- I prefer to get chicken here as it looks better than our local smiths chicken and its hormone free...typically on sale too!  This location in particular has been really good about watching their stock to keep things fresh. Some of their F&E brand stuff is pretty good- recently tried their Tomato Basil Chips and those were yummy...they were more like rice chips than potato and tasted like a pizza. I like their chewy cookie in the bread area and glad their F&E bread comes from Il Fornaio and is pretty yum- just had the kalamata olive loaf.Coupons too are cool. They upped it from $5 off $25 to now $3 off $30 purchase but still (on limited times theydo the $25), every little saving is nice and considering how reasonable things are to start with it's awesome.
5	I love Fresh & Easy. Their name says it all. They are convenient, have good prices, and good products.
5	So fresh and so easy!
4	This one of my favorite grocery store chains.  The way I can explain it is like Whole Foods but on a smaller scale and a lot cheaper!  The produce is fresh (although they usually have it packaged) and the best part about this store is that all the things it makes is made with fresh product and not all the filler you usually see now a days.  So when you look on the ingredient list you'll be able to understand what's in the food your eating, which made me like the place even more.  It's hard to give more of a description, I guess you'll just have check it out for youself and see if you like it ;)
5	Fresh & Easy is a great little grocery store. It has all kinds of fresh foods. It also has alcohol for all you drunks out there. :PBut seriously, this place came highly recommended from my cousin and now I know why. Good foods, great prices. The staff is also pretty friendly. Keep it up F&E!
5	Easy and cheap: the perfect combination! Well, for a grocery store anyway.The fruit here always seems to be on sale and is much cheaper than most places. I have a slightly unhealthy addiction to cantaloupe and Fresh & Easy makes it, well, easy to fuel that habit by having the lowest prices on cantaloupe around. And they're always fresh! I love stores that are true to their names!There's always a fully stocked clearance section at this location, full of food that has just barely hit the "sell by" date on the packaging. I've found fruit, hummus, bagels, etc in there for really cheap. I don't eat meat, but I've seen a ton of different types in there, along with different types of sushi.The Fresh & Easy brand vanilla almond milk is SO GOOD. "How good is it?!"...Well, it's so good my son asks for it by the name "candy milk." I've had a few other brands and this is by far the tastiest.The employees are very helpful and friendly. The check outs are self-serve so if you're anti-social and just wanna buy some ramen noodles and frozen meals without the judging eyes of an elderly cashier, this is the perfect place for you.They also send out mailers every week with coupons. I've seen some for $3 off of $30, $5 off of $25, and even $10 off of $50 which makes eating healthier a whole lot easier when you don't have to scrounge for copious amounts of coupons and instead get to use a single one for the entire store.
4	Love Fresh and Easy!  Great prices, great service, love the new bakery.  Wow breads and pastries are so good and tasty.  The Italian bread is a hit in my family!The place is nice and clean and the staff is very friendly.  I never have to worry about prices and if things are on sale because prices are very reasonable on all products.  Love their produce section.It is great they donate to local schools!  I make sure I buy everything I can at Fresh and Easy so I can earn more $$ for my daughter's school.  Avoid shopping there after 8 PM as the place is completely cleaned out... otherwise everything is great!
5	So convenient. I know where everything is in the store. I love trying their own products for a change. I am a big fan of the produce section. I like the lettuce bags, the mini squash, the organic bananas, the organic strawberries and the onion pack. I am very excited they are getting seasonal produce in like acorn squash and sweet potatos. Oh and my favorite part of F&E is the hybrid parking spot!!!
4	I'm pretty sure if you've already been to a Fresh & Easy, then you love it as much as I do. It seems as if F&E is finally catching on because it continues to be busier and busier every time I come here! I've noticed this location is much busier than the one in Centennial Gateway on Ann Rd. This store always comes through for me and the more I shop here, the more I love it. So many great pre-made, fresh meals that actually taste good! They're also installing in-store bakeries with fresh goodies mmmmm. Between Fresh & Easy and Target, there is no other store I ever need again! Give it a try if you still haven't been here, odds are you'll love it!
4	Im a huge fan of F&E. Its super close to my home.. The prices are great... and they have a huge variety of fresh and organic fruits and veggies. I also like that this location bakes their bread on site so its always super fresh! This store is always clean and the staff is wonderful. It appears they have hired some new staff here who are a little less than their typical super helpful staff but its not so bad that it will deter me from this location. I dont see myself using a supermarket as my primary grocer any longer!
4	The store's close to us and we like the friendly staff. Nice local market with everything we need.  Excellent bakery goods and the salsa is awesome.
3	I was here about a month ago and witnessed a typical NW Las Vegas idiot get into a car accident in the parking lot and totally flip out. He was driving a car which was a 1990s model, and it looked like he hadn't washed it in years. First, he started verbally attacking everyone in the area(people who had nothing to do with the accident) and then began to grab the small decorative rocks out of the planters and throw them at cars that were driving by. Then he started doing something that looked like a seizure and went on a bizarre profanity rant that was very disturbed. He literally started screaming: "f*ck! @ss! sh!t! d!ck! butt cheeks! b!tch! boob! f*ck! gay! pube! retard! f*ck!". He wasn't even cursing at anyone, he was just cursing at the sky. Somehow his friend calmed him down and he was able to exchange insurance info with the woman after about 10 minutes. I hope he reads this, so he can see how stupid he looked. Why does everyone in NW Vegas act like this btw?The selection here is identical to any other Fresh & Easy on the West Coast. It's not a health food store, people just think it is. Nothing is actually cheap here. I could get sirloin for like $2.98 a pound at Winco, while over here it is like $7.00 a pound or something wild like that. The only things I really like about this place are: the Orange Cranberry Scones, the French Roast Coffee, and the German Rye Bread. Everything else is cheaper at Winco or Trader Joes. Oddly, you will find me here about once a day.
4	I liked this store for some inexpensive "organic" foods. I was pretty impressed as I have not easily found organically grown food, much here in the Las Vegas area.They also had a nice organic frozen veggies, and organic canned foods, if you're into that kind of healthy living.  The prices were low, but I could not redeem my $5 credit for being a member with out my card.  I really don't want to carry a fresh and easy card around the world with me, so I hope they come up with a better system for that.  The prices are rivaling Trader Joe's.
3	Alright, Fresh and Easy does have a great selection of organic foods for less than places like Whole Foods. They also have some great pre-made dishes that are easy to make (microwave) and taste pretty good. They also have a decent amount of vegan and gluten free products, and foreign sections (Asian, English, Indian, Kosher).Down sides: Watch what you buy- look at the expiration date, many, MANY times we have grabbed something that was going to expire the next, or was already expired (sometimes even MONTHS over expiration date). They have sections where these items are SUPPOSE to go, at a discounted price. But they don't always make it, so you are left to check. Items we have found over expiration date: organic jam (three months expired- so expired that they had already changed the label to a different graphic) trail mix (two months expired) strawberries 1lb (one day over expiration date, and moldy). Or they have things that don't have an expiration date on it. Seriously, go to the English section and find the onion soup. No date. Employees can be brash and may ignore you. My boyfriend has had the worst experience with many- from employees following him around the store like he was going to shop lift, to not coming to the machine when it asks for an employee. When they had the peanut butter recall he brought in his label (he'd already eaten the peanut butter by the time he found out) and asked for his refund. The employee said, "Well, I will take it, but it looks like an old label." What? What does that have to do with ANYTHING!? Is he a label connoisseur? Does he spend hours studying subtle label tellings? Their peanut butter was TAINTED and they had a RECALL! It's not like he kept the label for years, for just this moment.The discounted items- they may not really be discounted. We have rung up items, and they would come up at the usual price, not the price they were currently labeled as.The machines- Horrible. One machine, when my boyfriend scanned organic salad, came up with "Sensational dish" for three dollars more. Um, how did this happen? No one could tell us. The employee had to check EVERYTHING he had to make sure there were no "Sensational" items. There wasn't.
3	i like that there's a variety of fresh and cheap food but the customer service is pretty bad :/ one of the workers shut the door in our face as we walked up minutes before they were closing and would not let us run in.  Rude.
2	Relatively good gluten free section, but I wish there were more options for food allergies.  Just a larger selection in general would be nice.  As a specialty store, I would expect to see more specialty items and fewer items I'd find at a regular grocery store (like typical commercial frozen pizzas, for example).Pepperoni with corn syrup in it...not impressed.I can get the exact same gluten free items I'm looking for, and get it for much less money elsewhere (see Winco).I'll still go in a pinch, but it's not my first choice.
4	We love this grocery store. Navigating through it is easy, the prices are great and we adore one of the clerks, Chuck. He is so friendly, funny, and promotes the very definition of a neighborhood market. Fresh and Easy is so lucky to have such a great employee!!! :)
4	I am such a fan of Fresh and Easy! So much so, that I never buy my food grocery items at any other store. I love the quality and the freshness of the produce, meat and custom cheese's. They also bake fresh bakery items daily. Their whole wheat spaghetti is one of my favorites. My family doesn't know it's whole wheat pasta ;) I always make sure to check out the back cooler with the daily clearance mark downs in it. You can get some awesome deals here! The other day I was able to get eight fresh 1/4 sirloin hamburger patties for just $1.80!!! Talk about a deal! We threw them on the grill and they were delicious :) They often have great deals on wine, so if you are a fellow wino, be sure to check out their wine deals! If you sign up and use your Friends Rewards card you will get great coupons in the mail and/or your email. I really like the "made for me" coupons that I get in my email. They really are made for me because they are coupons for stuff that I actually buy all the time, rather than the coupons that you get from some other stores, for stuff that you will never buy. F and E coupons are super user friendly too, because you can just scan them right from your smart phone at check out.
4	always clean and well stocked...quick in quick out...
5	OMG, I love this place!  I can't say enough good things about it.  I always use their coupons and I get the absolute best deals.  Anywhere else, I would be spending 20%-30% more.  Plus, their food is phenomenal - great quality and the pre-prepared stuff is to die for.  So glad I found this place!!
2	I stopped being a fan long ago. Long, ago.Their new tagline -- propaganda, really -- is "Fresher & Easyer." They forgot the truth: Shittier. Fresh & Easy, launched by the evil Tesco, somehow became demonstrably worse with its recent acquisition by someone that I would never bother looking up. I imagined that it was going to be WalMart that would take over for the essentially UK version of WalMart (Tesco) and be the parent company to destroy the chain. Nope, there are plenty of disgusting corporations out there more than willing to completely change every good thing about a company.Weekly coupons = a relic of the past. Continued refusal of all manufacturer coupons continues as before though.They have some USDA certified organic grocery items so I will not one-star them, although I should after making me go through the most unpleasant grocery shopping experience ever (Peanut butter recall; calling my integrity into question). Hopefully, whoever purchased this pitiful chain from Tesco fires the clown manager from this location. Fresh & Easy. They have organic items -- but they may or may not be tainted to the point of causing death (P-butter) -- and, when you return their death-product, they will try to not furnish the credit as required by their own stupid "voluntary" recall. It is a shame the U.S. Government is not competent enough to have a consumer protection agency that will shutter stores that behave like this. (They no longer carry certified organic peanut butter, by the way.) - EEdit dated 24 December 2013: **********************************Postscript. Apparently they do have USDA certified organic peanut butter again, after not carrying it for seemingly a year after their infamous recall. The significant other bought some and I love to live dangerously so I am bravely consuming it . Fool me once ....
1	The new owners screwed this place up.  It used to be affordable, but not any longer.  No sales.  No coupons.  No flyers.  They might as well board the place up and call it quits.   Expired food remains on the shelf.  I wish it was not so.
4	I so like me some fresh and easy. Especially the sale racks the offer daily. 50-75 % off I shop here often great fresh food and decent prices. If not on sale it's 5-10% more than smiths.  I would recommend trying it to see what you think.  Great produce and meats
4	I have been of fan of Fresh and Easy since they first opened their doors. Nothing fancy, but always a clean, organized store with a friendly staff.  The set-up, layout and prices on some items are not conducive to me doing my major shopping here, but it is a convenient in and out when I need something. I love the fact that I can walk in and grab a case of liter sized bottles of water for the gym at pennies on the dollor compared to what I would pay at the gym. They also sell a pretty good grind of coffee and have recently extended their hours. I will be back many times over.
2	I have not liked going to fresh and easy as much since they changed companies. I never get any of their ads in the mail and when I try to check online it's not there either. The couple of times I did get an ad in the mail they didn't have the coupons in it! They also got rid of their clearance section that I loved. I hope that it's just due to a slow transition.
5	I like this store better than the regular store. Because it's super fresh. Ahhh and the staff are super excited to help you. It's a small store the lines can get long but they move fast. And let's face it healthy is just better.
