5	The other day I had to get a grown-up a fun birthday present and I STILL went to Capitol Kids - he loved the finger puppet, paddle board, and pop rocks. From fun novelty to super thoughtful toys to stylish and yet childlike clothes, we always enjoy the time in the store and feel successful with our purchases. Staff is helpful, knowledgeable, toys are available for kids to try out, bathroom supports family needs.
5	Love this store! I don't have kids so getting the right gift for kiddos is always a challenge. The staff here are really helpful and full of suggestions in whatever price range you want. I know that whatever I buy is going to be high quality and I'm supporting a family-owned business. And who can resist the wall of wacky stocking stuffers?
4	Can I be a fan of this place even though I don't have kids? Because I am! (Is that weird?)I don't care. The place is packed with interesting, educational, FASHIONABLE (check out the boys hats you guys) items for little ones of all ages. And although I was there this weekend looking for some dinnerware (think plates, forks, spoons) which they don't carry, they were quick to refer me to some other spots in town where I'd have more luck. And did they suggest department stores which would be super easy and a sure thing? Nope! Three other super solid locally owned recommendations. Talk about supporting your neighbors! The staff is pretty darn knowledgeable about what they carry, so if you're doing some holiday gifting or just need a little something for someone you care about, tell them the age, likes/dislikes and let them set you on a path to the perfect puzzle or something plush.
5	Great store with a great collection of toys and gifts for kids.  It is always a pleasure to shop there and their employees are extremely helpful.  You might be able to find a particular item slightly cheaper on-line however, nothing beats being able to go into the store and seeing / touching the item for yourself.  If you have a hard time paying full price for an item,  get on their mail list and you will receive emails of their sales in advance!  It's perfect.We also appreciate them having a bathroom in the store geared towards kids. It's roomy and has a changing table. Although you would think it is common sense to have one in a toy store, it is not the norm in Madison.  To top things off, they give free balloons to the kids.  The store is always a stop for us and our kids loving going there!   Great Job Capitol Kids!
5	I have been shopping at Capitol Kids for six years and I have yet to be disappointed.  I mainly shop there for friends babies/kids and games and toys for my classroom.  I always find what I need, and the staff is always willing to help me (I often need A LOT of help).  They have demoed games, helped my carry my items to my car and they always offer free gift wrap.  The owners are a mother and daughter and they remember me by name...super nice feeling.  I feel stores like Capitol Kids are important for cities like Madison.  They are a fantastic small business that is family owned and community minded.  I am happy to make an effort to shop there over a big box or chain.  Free balloons, kids that are allowed to touch and play with all the toys, a selection of toys and gifts I can't find in other stores....whats not to love?  Oh...and Fromagination (amazing cheese shop) is next door!!!  Plus...9/10 times I find parking right in front of the store!!!
