4	I've been a patient here for several years now, and more frequently these days now that I'm pregnant!  My experience started out a little rough, with what seemed like a lot of staff turn over.  However, the past year has been a great experience.The office is gorgeous, there's no getting around that!  Plenty of seating, television to watch, vending machines, small play area for children, and free wi-fi!  The staff I've come in contact with have been friendly and helpful, and I've never had to wait beyond my appointment time.  Since getting pregnant, I see Dr. Moore every month and he's been great.  It's also nice that I can get blood work done and have an ultrasound in the same office - very convenient!  I'm sure I'll continue to be a patient here for all my womanly needs!
5	I love this OBGYN office, have been a patient for 14 yrs now and Dr Villa delivered my baby girl.  I also see Dr swarup, he's wonderful.  I would recommend Dr Swarup if you are the sensitive type, Dr Villa thinks he's pretty funny, but when I was pregnant- he wasn't nearly as funny! ; )  Other doctors there too, I just haven't seen them.The ultra sound tech's are the best!!!  99% of the staff are just so wonderful, caring and take great care of you.I am now a patient over at the med spa, they are fabulous too!  Darmey is awesome!!  I refer people all the time...
5	I've been going to New Horizons for over 4years now and thru 2 pregnancies. My first pregnancy I spent a lot of time in the hospital and had to visit the office every week when I wasn't in the hospital so I was blessed with visits from EVERY doctor in their group and LOVED them all! Dr. Moore is my main ob gyn and I refuse to see anyone else he is that amazing! I'd recommend this group 100%!
5	Beautiful, friendly and covered in pink. Pink Uniforms, pink walls, spa and medical area as well. I went to the Chandler location, they have a paging system, huge waiting room, kids play area. Great staff. Apple computers you can play with once in the room. Been three times in the last month and never waited for than 7 minutes. First gyno I have been very happy with and will stay looooong term. Had an emergency 2 weeks after my first appointment, explained my symptoms, they told me to come down immediately and I was seen by my own dr. within 10 minutes from my call. If you need an ultrasound they are usually booked about 3-4 weeks in advance so plan ahead.
2	Lets face it, no one wants to write a review about her vagina getting checked (TMI anyone?) but as women we need to find places we can rely and trust for all our Gyno needs. This is just my small contribution to it.I was in a situation where I needed to see a specialist and I didn't know of any in the area. My coworker quickly recommended New Horizon's because they have tons of offices in the valley and there would likely be one close to me (or work). They were the only place that also agreed to perform the test I needed without first doing a regular consultation (I had already seen a doctor and just needed a follow up test).  I arrived 30mins before my appointment time so I could fill out paperwork and do all the homework prior to seeing the Dr.The office is very large and quite pretty with lots of chairs, TVs and magazines. That's really the only positive. I filled out a bible's worth of paperwork (more than any other place) and gave them my ID/insurance card to check and photocopy. When I went to the bathroom I saw a sign that I needed to give a urine test for my procedure... as I am sitting on the toilet. WTF? Why would they not tell me this when I booked the appointment? Or when they gave me the 2-day reminder? Or maybe even when I checked in and told them what I was there for?. I quickly lifted up my pants and ran to the desk to try and convince them to let me give my urine sample right away, before I exploded.I gave my sample but was really grossed out that they gave me a coffee-looking paper cup. Below those cups they actually had the plastic sample containers with a lid, but they insisted I use the regular paper (NO LID) cup and put it in the deposit box. Gross, I really hope that nurse doesn't tip it over and drop it accidentally. After all that mess, it was time for my appointment but I was still waiting outside, holding my pager like a customer at Outback Stakehouse. They didn't take me in until 30-40mins later, and that was just with the nurse telling me what was going to happen. I waited in the consultation room, got moved to a second consultation room and then waited some more for the doctor. When he finally arrived, the procedure literally took 2 mins and I was out the door by then. Not sure why I had to wait 1.5hrs for that but oh well.I didn't feel like the office was very organized or patient-focused. It bothered me that all consultation rooms had flat screen TVs with drug advertisements, to try and entice you to ask your doctor about that. It gives me the impression that they are in the business of selling unnecessary medication and ad space rather than patient care. No, I don't wan to discus how I can gulf down a bunch of pills so that my period smells like flowers and unicorns. I just want to be healthy.Wait.. is that too much to ask?
5	I was terrified trying out a new office & Dr for an ongoing problem I've been having. From the moment I walked into this office it had an incredible positive vibe.  It gave me so much peace of mind. It truly did.  I refer to it as one stop shopping.  I was able to get a check up, blood work & ultra sound all done at the same place.  That is so convenient and knowing that they have such a caring staff seriously calmed my fears tremendously.  I'm sorry that others haven't had the same experiences. But I am grateful for finding them.
5	Dr. Villa and Dr. Reyes-Hailey are absolutely wonderful and I wouldn't think of going to anyone else! They were there every step of the way for a complicated pregnancy I had and I'm happy to say that my daughter and I are healthy! Dr. Villa is thorough and hilarious. Very knowledgeable and does what is best for YOU.Dr. Reyes-Hailey gets the same accolades from me and she will sit and talk with you about anything you need to discuss until you feel better.Love this office and I love all of the administrative staff and nurses. Amazing amazing.Did I mention they play HGTV 24/7? :)
1	I went to New Horizon's Women's care for my first routine mammogram.  Dr. asked if I had breast pain, I said I did periodically after running but no lumps or anything that would scream urgent, he coded it as a non-routine procedure.  Got a bill from insurance company for $300.00 and would have been covered if it had been coded as routine.  Asked them to research and no one called me back then got a second bill called again and they wouldn't change coding... Asked to split bill with me considering the coding issue...  I never write reviews about any business but this situation was really bad from the back office at New Horizon's Women's Care.
5	Visits with the gynecologist is an always delicate, sometimes retch-inducing and always uncomfortable experience. That said, when visit after visit you have nothing but positive experiences, the place definitely needs a shout out. I go to New Horizon's for pregnancy/maternity care, and have had great experiences so far with all doctors and NPs I've met. How often do you go to practice that has several providers and you have great experiences with all of them? I was afraid that I wouldn't feel very taken care of with so much rotation, but each doctor focuses on you when you're there and I've never felt neglected. Their approach seems to be more hands off, which I really appreciate since I want to treat a low-risk pregnancy as naturally as possible and take small aches and pains in my stride, rather than fuss about it. They might seem a bit dismissive to someone less inclined, but it put things in perspective for me. They also seemed very supportive of natural birth, and the advice has always been on the side of reducing the incidences of Csections. None of the seemingly sympathetic nods followed by "but you should also know that I offer elective inductions if you are sick of it." The front office staff are ALWAYS nice (another nice surprise - no grumpiness or snapping and I'd choose this place for that reason alone). There is an efficient pager system to move you from place to place and everyone, from the front office to the doctors and assistants to the lab and ultrasound people, are on top of what is happening. I didnt particularly care for the giant macs in each exam room.The labs and ultrasounds are sharp on time, no waiting. I have waited for the doctors about 30-40 mins after being checked out by the assistants, which has has been irritating but these incidents are fewer than ones where I haven't had to wait much.UPDATE: I had a great birth experience with the ONE doctor that I hadn't met since he was at a distant location. Overall, very recommended for people needing a no-fuss attitude.
2	I have been a patient here for 3 years now. I see Dr. Monte Swarup and he is an absolutely amazing OB he is very informative, answers all your questions and makes sure you understand exactly what is going on. Ive also seen all of the other OB's here at least once and they are all great. I've been through most of my first pregnancy with him and delivery of my son and everything went perfect. I am now 5 1/2 months into my second pregnancy and considering switching OB's. The reason I'm only giving this clinic 2 stars is not because of the doctors but because of the front desk staff, scheduling and ridiculous wait times. Every time I show up to my doctors appt. the ladies at the front desk particularly the gal with the short brown bob cut is always a flat out B***h no nicer way to put it. Next, I live 45 min away and make this drive. I always get there 15 min early and have gotten there as early as 30 min before my appointment and still always end up waiting 45 min before I even get back to a room then, after I get checked out by the nurse have waited anywhere from 20 to 45 additional minutes to see the doctor!!! Who has time for two hour plus doctors appointments?!!!! My last appointment was for an ultra sound where you have to keep your Blatter full and had to have drank your fluids 1 hour prior. I showed up 30 min early for my 8am appointment and did not see the ultra sound tech till 8:45am!!! How in the world do they expect a pregnant women to hold it that long???!!! It's too bad because I really love my doctor but they simply way over book themselves and between my commute and wait times I do not and no one has 4 hours to spend on going to the doctors!!!
5	I love you guys so much!! I have always had a wonderful, warm and inviting experience. I wish you would deliver at other valley hospitals because I very much dislike Chandler Regional. I switched to goodman and partridge to deliver else where and now that I have had my baby I cannot wait to come back to you guys! Dr. Reyes Hailey is the sweetest and best Doctor I have ever had! xoxo!
2	Visits with the doctors are great. Dr Reyes-Haley, Marsha N, Dr Matthew Moore are the doctors I thought were very nice. But the customer service there is absolutely RUDE! I went to a different office for my first pregnancy and the doctor I was seeing happened to quit. They sent me over to the Chandler office when I was 36 weeks. I had my daughter at 37 weeks, so not much time with them. I decided to go with them for this pregnancy. Wow! Big mistake! They just don't make you feel welcome, they rush you, I have literally been hung up on....it's terrible! Thankfully I am not too far along this time so I feel comfortable switching places.
3	Dr VIlla is great. Dr Swarup is not so great. He has terrible verbal skills. Would not go back ever if it was just him. Have seen Dr Villa for 15 yrs and really like him. Office staff is OK.
