5	Great new nail salon on the west side of town. Clean and bright inside with really nice massage chairs. My daughter and I have been here twice and my husband once. We have all been really happy with the results and the service.
5	Super clean and friendly new nail salon in Avondale. My daughter and I visited for the first time today and we will certainly be going back! Great quality and great price close to home :)
4	Thanks Yelp for helping me find this place!  This is a new salon so it is not busy yet. I was able to get in without an appointment.  I got a pedicure and an eye brow wax since they were having a special.  I tried talking to my technician but she did not appear to really understand English. She did a good job cutting my toe nails. I got a slightly higher priced pedicure to get a salt scrub and leg massage. The salt scrub was a little strange. She only scrubbed my feet and ankles but not the leg. I did get a pretty good leg massage with hot stones. It was nice. My totes were painted and it appears to be a nice job. The technician left without a word do now I'm sitting here letting my nails dry.  The salon is SUPER quiet!  There is little noise and no music. I like a salon with at least some music lightly playing in the background. Since the salon is new they are a little limited on services but plan to add more in the near future.
1	Worst Nail place EVER! i created a yelp account just to let people know of the HoRRIBLE service i had there, i was told i was sensitive after being hurt with the electric file thing 3 times the last time i started bleeding i told the nail guy"you say i'm sensitive? i'm bleeding!!! technician was such a jackass! he also cut my nails the size i wanted them and filed them so much they are not even long at all, i will post pics. DO NOT WASTE your time or $ here
5	Wow, so glad I found this place, went to many upscale nail salons, very pleased with the service! Phonomenal job!
2	The salon is clean and the techs seem friendly enough but the service is horrible. My pedicure was rushed because a friend came in and I had to point out errors that she was not happy about fixing. I went in with a very specific design in mind and halfway through the pedicure she tells me she can't do it and then proceeds to tell me what we are going to do. I get that the toenail is a smaller surface to work on but there is no reason to lie to get me in the chair. My toes look great. My complaint isn't about  the quality of the work, but the quality of customer care. Don't go in unless your one of the techs buddies.
5	I started going to nail salons about 15 years ago... I can honestly say this is one of my favorite places. The first time I walked in I was a little scared to try a new place considering I've been going to the same nail place for 6 years but after getting a pedicure, a full set and brow wax I was very impressed with the work & how clean it was not to mention they were so friendly! I would recommend this place to everyone... No wait time, very clean, awesome service! What more can you ask for?! I didn't get the name of the women who did my full set but Rosa did an amazing job on my pedicure.
1	horrible..first time french tips not right size two different thumb nails..nd middle finger nails..really bad job ..second time a guy did them nd literally filed open the sides of my fingers..both times ive tipped 5 bucks smh regret..my nail breaks... same lady as the first time i ask for a mani she gives me one right after she paints my nails and gets a was cloth for mani nd fucks up the paint on my thumb nd sees it she did not fix it!!!!!!!! wtf took 3 bucks off my bill...she does not care about her work..i would never leave unfinished...so fuck that place im never going back.......last but not least she put a cracked nail on me when i was going there for a broken nail so she tried to pull it off super glued dumb shit then she cuts it off nd glues the next one over it...i will never ever go back...ps towel marks left in thumb nail...nd the woorrssttt mani in life..thanks nail gardens..
