5	Brent from Off Camber is fantastic!  I've been going to Brent for years- faithfully following him from two salons because it really doesn't get better.  He's always consistent and my hair always turns out beautifully. They have a pretty cool online booking system- it sends reminders on appointments and even emails a receipt.Thanks, Brent!  Good luck with the new place!
5	My hair is a bit challenging because it's curly and I like it straight.  I first went to Mike Barnes at another salon and now at Off Camber because he can style it just the way I like it.  Plus, I get a great massage-type shampoo as well.
5	Went to Mike Barnes at Off Camber Studios this past Thursday for a Brazilian Blowout. Wow, it looked so beautiful and soft and I got so many nice compliments at work this morning. I have been following Mike ever since he was in styling school and followed him through his two past salons. Everyone at Off Camber are Great Stylists and if you need a good hair cut, style, color, highlights or a Brazilian Blowout this is the place to go. When I go to get my hair done, I feel welcome and not rushed off. Great Place!!! I would recommend Off Camber Studios to everyone. Oh, my hair is naturally think, frizzy and curly, though you would never think that if you saw what Mike did to my hair. I love it and it is so soft and shiny. Thanks Mike for your excellent service and your creativity when it comes to my hair. Your the Best!!  Erma Z.
5	Off Camber Studio is a fun, clean, unique atmosphere. The service providers are complimentary toward one another, accommodating, professional, creative, and obviously put great emphasis on the quality of your experience. I am always very happy with the way my hair looks and also walk away reflecting on a great experience each and every time.Brent is always very personal, reassuring, accommodating, and professional. I trust his abilities and I have never met a hairdresser who cared as much as he does about the quality & outcome of his work. Don't know what I'd do without you Brent! I would recommend him to anyone I meet - whether you are looking for cutting edge skills or a classic cut & color.I don't usually write reviews but these guys deserve itqirving! Best salon ever!
5	I can't say enough positive things about Brent at Off Camber. He is absolutely wonderful at what he does. Not only is he crazy good at doing hair (cut, color, and styling...yeah...the triple threat!)..he also maintains amazing customer service. I truly can't see anyone not responding to Brent's down to earth personality. So..I chose a color/look and I was not thrilled with it. I tried the dark root thing.It looks fabulous on the celebs and Brent had it down. After much analyzing I realized it just wasn't me. I went back the next day and he threw in some highlights and voila..I am in love with my hair color again. :) So, because it had been my idea to go darker, I was fully prepared to pay more money to get my hair "de-rootified"...however he got me in and out in a little over an hour and refused to accept payment or even let me charge a tip since I had been in the day before. It is very rare unfortunately to see people in the beauty industry display such a high level of integrity and excellent business practice. I have story after story about just the opposite so I am so delighted to have discovered "a keeper". As for the studio itself, great location, lots of windows/natural light.  A friendly vibe. All of the stylists at Off Camber really seem to have it going on. I always see men and women customers in there so it is a great place for all.I have never reviewed a salon before so this says a lot about the caliber of Off Camber.
5	I've been going to Michael for years. He does a beautiful blond, and is fabulous at cutting and styling. All the guys are so sweet and I always enjoy my peaceful few hours of salon time while there. Everyone I see walks out looking great!
5	Off Camber is a cool, modern salon, and Brent is a hair wizard! I've yet to have my hair cut or colored by him, but the blowout and style he gave me easily trumped anything other stylists have done. I mean, really, I've never been so happy with my hair! I'd definitely recommend Off Camber and Brent to anyone!
5	Elizabeth at Off Camber has been cutting and coloring my hair for 1 1/2 years now and I have never had so many strangers, as well as friends, compliment me and ask who does my hair.  Elizabeth is warm, professional and always on time.  The salon is bright and clean and has a great vibe to it.  I would highly recommend it to anyone!
5	Just left Off Camber Studios looking sharp! Brent has been doing my hair for years and continues to impress. He is always consistent with my men's cut. Not to mention this place is full of friendly people willing to help. I arrived a little early, and the rest of the guys greeted me very professionally and offered to make me comfortable while I waited. I deal with a lot of hairstylists professionally, and this studio has it together. In such a cut-throat industry, these guys are in it to help each other and make sure that each client receives top level service!
5	Brent at Off Camber Studios has been cutting my hair for years and I won't be going anywhere else. Previously to Brent I tried many different people but none provided an amazing, consistent haircut along with great customer service. I recommend him to everyone I can, men and women!
5	Went to Kris for my color.  I have been going to Kris for years and she just moved to Off Camber.  She is a great stylist and I can highly recommend her.  Her cuts are meticulous and she knows how to do BLONDE!  Something not every stylist can do.  The salon itself is very clean and modern and the natural light is amazing. Two thumbs up!!
5	Followed my stylist Kris here from another salon. I love my color and see her religiously every 7 weeks. She is always great, but now the salon is too, major upgrade. Very clean and modern- love it!
5	Brent Quillin is the greatest.  Love my haircut and style.  Recommendations on styling and products are stellar.  Looking forward to going back to him for my overall color and partial hightlights.  Highly recommend Brent.Great salon and very comfortable.  Especially like the separate room for washing and removing product.  Very relaxing.
5	I have been going to Brent for years now, as I have followed him over here from his other salon. Off Camber Studios is really clean, modern looking, and a great atmosphere always!!They use a really nice online booking system that has reminders and sends you an email after you book as well as receipts when  you are done, very useful!! I recommend this place to anyone wanting to look great everytime you walk out!! And as for Brent, he is really good at what he does, with both men and women's hair!!
5	Schedule with Brent! My wife has lived in Scottsdale for just over 2 years and hadn't found a hairstylist she liked until we came here. I was referred to Brent and had my wife schedule an appt. Not only was she extremely happy with the cut and color, but all of her friends and family members kept complimenting her and asking her where she got her hair done. I will continue to refer people to Brent! He does good men's haircuts too. I get my haircut with him also.
5	Before finding Brent, I NEVER walked out of the salon liking the way they styled it.  I always had to grow into the style and color.  With Brent, I am amazed by how much I love it.  I have received more compliments on my hair than I ever have before.  The cut is soooo beautiful that I cannot say enough wonderful things about it.As for the salon itself, it's so down to earth, but classy.  Their customer service is unparalled and each of them are as beautiful inside as they are out.  On a side note, the female stylists are lovely, but the male stylists - OH MY GOODNESS!  They are fun to look at, but aren't outrageous egomaniacs.  I recommend this salon highly!
5	Ask for Elizabeth!! Heard from friends how good Elizabeth was and tried her out. She is amazing! I was nervous about "sombre" but she did a gorgeous job. Also, the blowout was literally the best one I've ever had!! Love her!!
5	Definitely recommend this studio and Brent to anyone in the area. I actually live on the East Coast and was visiting family when I came to 'Off Camber' for both cut and color with Brent. He was very highly recommended to me by someone I trust and of course love her hair!As a client, I usually have an idea in my head of something but no idea how to put it into words along with no idea if it's something that will work for me. Brent was patient and took the random hair ideas I was trying to express and really knew how to interpret what I wanted and turn it into something even better with his own expertise.I love my hair, and love that this was exactly what I wanted and then some. I work in the beauty industry and have worked with some amazing stylists and I can really appreciate how professional but personable Brent is. He really knows what he's talking about and I definitely think he not only has a great eye for what will work and look in trend/pretty/easy to handle whatever you're looking for, but he's got the skill set to back it up and I would totally suggest visiting him whether you need a new stylist or are just looking for a fresh set of eyes and outlook than your go to.
5	Ben Barnes and this Salon are THE BEST!  Ihave been using Ben for the past 5 years and he has brought me through short, short kinky hair to longer, beautiful locks!  I get so excited to go because I know that I will bounce away feeling ultra sassy!  I never have any anxiety about how it might 'come out'...I love Ben!  (Awesome guy too!)
5	So very thankful that off camber studios was able to fit me in last minute today. The professionalism from making the appointment to walking out was stellar. I took everyone's advice from below and requested Brent. He and his assistant Amber did a fantastic job in restoring my hair from having my extensions removed, it now feels and looks so much healthier! And the color is amazing :) thank you, thank you, thank you! If I could fly here from home just to get my hair done, I would!Oops! I added the wrong photo!
5	I would recommend this salon to anyone. Nice facility in Scottsdale. Professional and friendly staff. I have been using Brent as my hair dresser for a year and now I won't go to anyone else. It's nice to have a hair dresser that you can trust to listen to you and be on his A game every time! Thanks Brent!
5	I would recommend Brent as a hair stylist to any busy professional men for two main reasons.First, Brent cuts my hair to give me a professional look, even though I don't give him much to work with as far a hair quantity.Secondly, I love the on-line booking so I can find a time that fits my schedule and now for over 6 months he is always on time! Amazing!
5	This salon is top notch! It's clean and modern. Upon arrival, you will be offered a beverage which range from water, cola, beer and wine. The team is current on the latest vids, styles and trends not to mention the products offered for use at home. They offer online scheduling that cover just about 7 days a week. I have followed Stevie from her other salons. She knows her stuff when it comes to color, hi lights, low lights and vibrant colors. I always get compliments on my hair and am continually asked who does my hair. Schedule with Stevie...you will not be disappointed.  The salon is easy to get to from any area of the valley too.
5	I started taking my son to Brent about 2 years ago. My frustration was that my son responded better to male stylists, but barbershops did an absolute hack job on his hair.  Problem solved, the day I met Brent! All the guys in the shop are beyond sweet to my son (age 4, so, a typical energetic curious boy), Brent has the patience of a saint and on average, I get at least 3 to 4 compliments a week on his hair. Since then, I now go to him for my color, which I've never had a more healthy, bright shade of blonde, my mother goes to him for cuts/color and is thrilled, along with several of my friends I've referred, who are now ongoing clients of his. His personality is down to earth, he does an incredible job of asking the right questions, and LISTENING to what his client wants. Brent is open to feedback, never makes you feel awkward if you have questions, and puts customer experience/satisfaction as his number one priority. In addition to all of this, his prices are very fair, he is extremely accommodating with scheduling and, if you're too busy to call or book online, shoot him a text, within the day, he'll respond. What's not to love?
5	Highly recommend! I've gone to Ben Barnes  for 10 years, he is a highly skilled colorist. Love this new space @ Off Camber Studios, the entire team is amazing, you will be in great hands!
5	I found Brent after reading other Yelp reviews. Thank you!! He's awesome. My color is great, love my cut. I'm very picky and not easy to get my natural color to the color I want. He took notes, listened to me, it turned out great! I now send both my teenage boys to him for cuts because he does such a good job and is "cool" enough for them.
5	So had a couple not so great experiences with previous stylists. That led to serious frustration and not feeling good about my hair. Than I was referred to Ben Barnes.  Seriously best stylist I've ever had...hands down. Oh and they give you wine while u get your hair did the entire time. Plus did I mention the head massages??? Carson, Ben's assistant will literally put you on a different planet as he massages your head.  All that being said Ben also fixed my half ass brazilain blowout, crappy reddish highlights, and is just TheGuy that should be cutting your hair--the end. Oh and his brother Mike rocks too!!!
5	I cant say enough about my experience here. I was referred to Brent by his apprentice Amber and I am so incredibly happy with his work. He took the time to really evaluate the condition of my hair and determine what would be the best method to get it to where I want it to be. He takes his time and makes the experience very enjoyable. Amber is so great as well!!! She gives the absolute best head massages!!! The atmosphere of this salon is laid back with a great vibe. I highly recommend this salon :)
5	After going with my boyfriend to get his haircut by Ben for the past couple years, I decided to finally switch hairstylists. Ben has always been accommodating with scheduling and really makes sure every person will leave there feeling great about their hair. I got a touch up on my ombre with some subtle highlights around the face and have gotten nothing but compliments! So happy I made the switch to a hairstylist that really gives me the cut and color I want.
5	I went in for a partial highlight today with Brent Quillin, he does fantastic work and is one of the most polite and friendliest stylist I've ever had do my hair. He actually discusses everything and then listens to what you have to say. This is my second experience at Off Camber and would most definitely recommend this salon and especially Brent.  Great work!!!
5	Amazing. Just got my hair cut with Ben Barnes and I feel/look great. Not only does he have a great personality and makes you spend a great time, he cuts hair amazingly.I am so happy with the service and the environment of the studio. 5 stars by far and I will definitely be returning.
5	I am new in town and have had horrible experience with my hair dressers.. I wanted to get some highlights but something very subtle was always what I wanted.. My future sister in law said to join her here and I had my appointment with Michael. Best thing I have ever done. He was so nice and listened to everything I said. I told him how each time highlights came out too yellow for me and I was scared to get them with my wedding next month. I love my highlights and he told me he would rather go more subtle and then have me come back if I wanted them more bold vs having them too much on the first time. I definitely recommend Michael and can't wait to go back!
5	Brent Quillin at OffCamber styles my hair and is very professional. have recommend him to several men and women; and they were super thrilled with his vision and coloring ability. Also, the shop is really hip and clean.
5	I've had my hair done at Off Camber Studios twice now by David Hanson. He is amazing!  He is incredibly talented and the cut and color are the best I have ever had. Additionally, he is very accommodating with meeting your schedule and availability. David is a highly talented hair stylist and a true professional. I would highly recommend him to anyone looking for an outstanding hair dresser.
5	David is amazing. He does my hair to perfection and I always get compliments. Davis also does my husband's hair - which is not an easy task! He does a great job, knows what he's doing and I trust him completely. Great job, David!
5	What would I do without Stevie??   She really is amazing, a true artist.  I couldn't get through the week without Stevie styling my hair.   The studio is chill.  It's not pretentious but just easy.  Definitely recommend for a laid back, comfortable vibe and a great style!
5	I've been meaning to hop on here and give a big ol' shout out to Stevie, she is so incredibly talented!!!  Anytime I need a little sprucing and shaping up she is my go-to gal.  Very talented, takes her time and a ton of fun to be around.  Thanks for always taking care of me girl ;)
4	Awesome people! Attention to detail was slightly lacking, but overall good experience.
5	Brent!!!  Great Service!  The shop is always well cared for and held with the upmost prestige!  Thank you for your expertise, you are our number one recommendation!
5	Before coming to Off Camber I never had a haircut from anyone else besides my hairdresser in New Jersey. Coming to Arizona I was a bit apprehensive about choosing where to get my haircut. I saw all great reviews from Off Camber and decided to give it a shot. I get my haircut by Elizabeth Powers and will go to her as long as I'm in Arizona. Great spot, nice people, and clean.
1	I went to Brent, just as many on here suggested.  I advised him that I wear my hair curly, and that I am very concerned about my hair being over texturized.  He told me he definirely wouldn't.  He cut my hair straight- pin straight, and to be honest I was pretty concerned about it.. but since I was paying $75 for a haircut, this guy should know his stuff, right? Today was the first day I washed my hair and styled it how I normally do every day- curly.  It looks awful.  it's very over-texturized.  He ruined my hair, and my hair is waist-length.  He cut in layers that weren't there, one shorter than chin-length.  Almost none of my hairs are the same length, and my curls look messy and frizzy.  I paid someone $75 to completely ruin my hair.  I'm very upset.  I will be trying another salon, and contacting Off Camber studios.  I've never paid this much for a haircut before, and I couldn't be more unhappy.  Some hairstylists just shouldn't be allowed to touch curly hair.
