1	since its the only one in Vegas i have to have them. its such a shame everytime ive called horrible experience. would rather go to the dentist. .000000001 star.
2	Not the worst utility company I've EVER worked with (eh-hum, SDGE), but definitely plenty of room for improvement.  Unfortunately there is little choice in the desert, which I also hate.  I don't think there should be a monopoly on who we get our water from.  Or electricity for that matter, we should have the freedom to choose, so that when a company DOES have this many bad reviews then we can simply avoid or change our service.  I don't like that they are open four days a week, that they require the deposits up front (every other service I've ever worked with will work with you, not just withhold service, seems wrong in the desert!), you MUST pay by credit or debit card....I guess I'm really cheesed because you're FORCED to do these things that may or may not fit into your plans.  If you can't do it, tough nuggies, no water for you.  I don't know, Americans are slowly getting their rights taken away one-by-one, I don't think it's right for a monopoly company to be able to do that with an essential resource.  Any suggestions on how we could combat this are welcome, I'd really like to do something about this,
1	For reasons I don't know, and can't find out, LVVWD, does not tell  its customers on our bills or online when our next meter reading will be. I sent an email asking where I could find the info and the response was to call 'customer care'. Customer care? Why not just answer my question? So, I called and spoke with Zanetta. Wow! Rude to the max. She told me if I want this info, I have to call in to get it! Amazing. Many utility companies print on the bill when the next reading will be, but with LVVWD, I have to call and wait on their telephone queue. I'm suspicious about why they wouldn't tell me in writing that I have to call for the info. Terrible 'customer care' for their 'valued customer' - their terms, not mine.
1	These people are the reason why antitrust laws against monopolies exist.  And yet somehow they are an exception to it.  It must be nice being the only company in the desert with control over the water.  Dont even bother with their first level of customer service if you have a problem, ask for their manager right away.  These entry level people must be put in place as 'gatekeepers'.  They have the worst "there's nothing we can do its your fault" attitude i have ever seen.But there's really nothing you can do so since they hold all the cards so cheers to the nightmare.
1	Way to go Las Vegas Water District... NOT!!! I had a hot water leak under my house. The gas company did us a favor by coming to our house and shutting off service because they realized there was unusual usage. But Las Vegas Water District did NOTHING! You would think since we are in the middle of a drought they would want to do ANYTHING to save water right?? It seems like all they care about is collecting your money. The only time I can get a hold of someone is when they want you to pay your bill but will not go out of their way to help. No courtesy call or anything to inform me that gallons of water was gushing out OR that my water bill is now $1000.
1	i want to know (i'm only one person) why my water bill went from $20.00 (with the five dollar tack-on) to 24.50 to 27.00 when i have the same usage, in fact I have not been using my sprinklers because of all the rain.  Do you just indiscriminately raise the rates without notification?
1	How could I possibly be using 300 gallons of water a day? I have no pool, no grass yard. Just my wife and I and our infant son....I have had several calls with LVVWD over the past year arguing my bill. My new digital meter...supposedly and upgrade....constantly reads more usage than I could possibly have. When I moved in my bills were usually in the 23-25 neighborhood....now 32 to 35 and I'm averaging 301 gallons a day? Really????
1	Holy F.. Las Vegas Valley Water District has got to have worse customer service. Called on Thurs, 3/20 to activate service at a home I'm purchasing so that the property would be ready for a formal inspection, the service rep initially provided a 24 hour timeframe to activate water service and a new account number. Come Sat, 3/22 (two days later), the lock is still on the water valve.Called LVVWD and spoke to a Cust Service Rep named Nicole. This girl was pretty condescending, rude and no help. Unfortunately, she's not the only customer service rep with the same kind of attitude.Please OUTSOURCE your call center, I'd rather deal with someone in another country than this incompetence any day.
1	8/29/14  10: 15 AM We needed to establish service so we could move this weekend...They're closed on Fridays!? kind of hard to move without running water. If course it's labor day weekend. They're not open until Tuesday. Wait time on their customer service hot line is outrageously long. 30 minute wait is unacceptable.Update! 10:50 AM service on the phone was horrible. I had to help my boyfriend's mother by taking the call. She's hard at hearing.  Lady was hard to understand, even for me! Very thick accent. She didn't listen very well..  horrible. I had to repeat myself slowly several times,  out of frustration I had to stop to gather myself. Can not believe they hire people you can't understand over the phone. There are people who are hard at hearing, who can't understand what you're saying to begin worth. She needs to work on her social skills. I was clear when speaking with her & tried to keep my patience with her even though she was miserable. Most of all very rude. If you hate working with people, don't apply for a job dealing with people.People with accents should be working desk jobs.  Face to face interaction. At least you can try to read their lips.
