4	So to start things off my husband is Active Duty Air Force and we're required to go through the base hospital for just about everything unless referred elsewhere. Last night I took my daughter to the Base ER and ended up being transferred over to Sunrise Children's hosp because they couldn't give her the care she needed at the base. We arrived by ambulance transfer at SCH and immediately got great care and attention. The staff at Sunrise is amazing and caring and wonderful and if you ever need to have your child in a hospital it's the place to go! Our first nurse Sunny was sweet and kind and really did a great job getting us settled in at 4am. Robin our 2nd nurse was also very kind and sweet and did an amazing job. Dr. Hendrickson who performed my daughter's procedure was beyond accommodating with our million questions and did such a fabulous job. All in all our 24hr stay at Sunrise was nothing less than fantastic and I hope that if in the future my children need hospitalization that Sunrise is where we go!! Thank you to all the wonderful staff that took such great care of my girl!!
5	They did a great job caring for my brother and others I have known here.  The staff has been caring and professional.  Thank you for the work you do here, god bless you all.
2	Avoid giving birth here if you can help it.My wife recently gave birth to our third child. We chose Sunrise Children's because her OB/GYN is assigned to that hospital system. The surgery side is great and the only reason this isn't a 1-star review. They were patient and caring.However, the nurses in the maternity ward are about as close to useless as one with any medical training can get. I went and sat with my wife for almost 10 hours today and her nurse came in one time. One time. They did not give her pain medicine in accordance with their own schedule. A nurse told her to wipe her own blood off the floor and off her legs last night, 12 hours after having a c-section. I'm not saying that my wife is helpless or deserves to be worshipped, but she just had major surgery. You would expect health care professionals to at least care for her health.
4	The nurses and doctors at Sunrise Hospital are wonderful.  All 3 of my children were born here and we have been to the Children's ER a few times.  Most recently my daughter fell down at recess and cut her chin.  The whole visit was as pleasant as it could be.  When you arrive you check in on touch screen kiosks.  In the waiting area there are TV's playing kids movies and coloring books and crayons.  We waited less then 5 minutes before we were called back.  The longest wait of the visit was for the numbing gel to take effect (better for kids than a shot), even that wasn't bad, they put on cartoons for my daughter to help pass the time.  When we were done the doctor gave my daughter some of the leftover supplies to take home and play doctor.  She loved that.  The staff here is excellent.  They are great with the children and parents.  Little things like having cartoons playing and giving out popsicles, go a long way when it comes to small children.  I've seen them calm down upset parents and be patient with little ones who weren't easy to handle.  You never want your kids to have to go to the hospital but when they do Sunrise is always my first choice.
