2	I won't be back here.Most cheap drive through fast food Mexican places are alike. Of course there are slight differences. In this case it wasn't for the better.We had to drive up to the window to order. The speaker box wasn't working? What was going on there?I ordered a chicken chimichanga with sour cream & guacamole on the side. The chimi was big, just like I expected it to be. There wasn't much guacamole. I would have liked more. They also put tomatoes in it. That's ok, I'm just mentioning it. All in all this chimi just didn't sit as well as others I've had. Maybe it was the spices they used that were different, I'm not sure.I also ordered a large horchata. I have definitely had better. It wasn't the worst I've ever had but it needed more cinnamon flavor, that's for sure.It's cheap, it's easy, it's fast, it's literally right down the street from me. I'd still rather make the drive over to 7th St to my fave 'bertos though. See: http://www.yelp.com/biz/rolbertos-phoenix
3	I'll pretty much always go back because they are so close and delicious, but the service here is definitely lacking. I'd say about half the time, they get our order wrong, which is bizarre since we're there so often and pretty much always order the same thing. One time we ordered a bean and cheese burrito, and a kid's carne asada quesadilla, and they made us a normal sized quesadilla and a bean/carne asada burrito... which was pretty gross. The staff is rarely polite, and get annoyed when you ask for green sauce. They still get three stars though because the food is crazy yummy!
4	I come here every single Tuesday. The have $1 tacos and burritos. The red and green sauce is amazing. I have never tried anything other than the tacos (shredded beef, chicken, ground beef) or the burrito (I went with shredded beef). The burrito is large and filling. The tacos are excellent. This place has a drive thru as well and is always busy.If it's Tuesday and you have a few bucks, stop here.
4	This place? Hit and MISS! Sometimes It's amazing, and you're like oh my god, I can't believe I am eating this at 3:30 am!? Sometimes, you are like, man, this meat smells three weeks old I wonder if I'm going to get hepatitis?
5	Federico's may look like David, but their food is more like the size of Goliath!They produce some absolutely mouth-watering, authentic Mexican food that will fill your tummy to the brim without emptying your pockets.  Per the picture that I posted, they have $1.99 burritos and .99-cent tacos on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday.The burritos are enough to fill you for an entire meal.  So, if you are operating on a budget, you can spend $12 here and have enough to eat for three full days.  Or, on another note, if you need to feed six people for $12, that can be accomplished as well.The burritos come with your choice of beans & cheese, red chicken (i.e. chicken in red salsa), green chili pork, or shredded beef.  The tacos can include all those and ground beef, but not the green chili pork.  I don't eat pork, but I can say that the red chicken and shredded beef burritos are off the hook in taste and are about 6 inches long and 3 inches wide.  So, move over Subway, there is a new 6-inch delight in town!  The carne asada and fajita burritos are also good.The service is also cordial and quick.  Along with only a 2-5 minute wait, the girl at the cashier gives great recommendations.  They also have a drive-thru and some outdoor seating.So, next time you pass this place on Camelback, make a u-turn and get yourself some of the best Mexican food in the area!
4	Food, service, price and speedy service are actually a ***** star. As there is no indoor area plus it's in the hood, four is still very good. Use the drive through rather than the walk up window!
4	Typical "bertos"-style Mexican joint, BUT.... The $1.99 red chicken burrito on Monday/Tuesday/Wednesday is the bomb.  Ginormous, meaty and just spicy enough. Can't beat the value.
3	They weren't really attentive when it came to ordering. They did however get the order right and in a timely manner. It was pretty good price wise but the food was just alright. It didn't explode with flavor but it'd probably hit the spot at 1-2AM when you are faded. The rice was better tasting than my burrito!
2	Food was ok not the best tasting Mexican food then again it is a fast food place. I had the carne asada fries, what made it edible for me was that it had sour cream which I like very much. Service was good, they got my order right.
3	I always get stoked to see late-night Mexican food that isn't Filiberto's. It's good enough, portions are big, but there's nothing it does particularly well. Tacos are meh. Burritos are so-so. Carne asada fries don't need to have a tub of sour cream. And food eeds spice of some sort, not just salt and 5 little cups of salsa! At least it's clean, and the guac is legit. It's far from the most delicious spot in the area, but at 3am it can be trusted. Isn't that what's really important?
3	We used 2 go here 4 a l8 night or early morning quick fix, but have noticed a lot of cutting corners going on 4 awhile. While prices have increased (as they always will) the quality & quantity of food has decreased.    Burritos that used 2 b huge/fat have been consistently getting skimpier each time we ordered, consisting mostly of the folds of a huge tortilla instead of being filled. The sauces & even the pina/horchata drinks have been watered down significantly. Combin8ion pla8es many times had overly refried, old tasting, thick dried out beans w/ guacamole & sour cream being less each time or 4gotten completely. Red & green sauce cups have now become flavored salt Water (which news~flash over~salting doesn't hide it)! WTH is the deal w/ finding Meat in NON~MEAT orders EVERY SINGLE TIME?? EWWW, that's a HUGE DISGUSTING No~No 4 Veg~Heads 2 discover such when ordering the very limited items we have 2 choose from on ur menu as it is!!   It won't b likely, but we may decide 2 give them a try in a very distant future if ever feeling desper8 enough 2 take another gamble after losing a bit 2 much 2 many Xs worth of visits now! More cost 4 @ least the same we used 2 get woulda been alright, but we can't justify paying MORE 4 LESS in food, service & quality as that's a RIP~OFF!! Such a shame, but MAYBE they'll improve ~ not holding breath as I don't wanna b called Smurfette...
4	This place is delicious had a crane asasa burrito without pico and guac (allergic to tomato) had with cheese and beans. Very good, some places the beans and meat is a a little dry, but here it was juicy and good. I would really recommend this place. Like everyone else says, "if you pass this place or come up to it, stop and enjoy deliciousness"
