5	This is by far the best Wakeboard training school I have ever been to, and its not just training, the water was amazing and they had the state of the art Nautique Boat. Andy, Carlton, and Mike were fantastic, you can tell they love and this and they are getting more boats and more boards, all top of the line. We weren't expecting it to be this good, and I had some experience and my friend had no experience. If Your A Beginner: These guys give it there all to teach you how to do it right, its only about 45 minutes from the Strip and extremely worth it if you are looking for something different to do. They can teach anyone how to get on any kind of board. For the Experienced: These guys know what they are doing, the water was perfect, they hit the sweet spot on the speed so I can practice jumping with the board, and I'm a heavy guy so thats not easy to do. I also learned out to Wakesurf, in about 5 minutes they had me on top of the board and I was almost surfing without the rope, that was only with 45 minutes left that we did wakesurfing. They even offered us to go longer no charge, but we had another appointment to make in Vegas and honestly i was thinking of canceling and staying if I didn't make a deposit for the next appointment. 2 Hours for two guys wasn't enough with these guys, book at least a half day, and book at least 4 days ahead, they get very booked up. Again great guys and lots of fun, I wish I had another day in Vegas to spend it on the water with these guys, I want to learn more and this was a hell of a lot of fun.
5	Purpose: 1/2 day boat rental to go wake surfing on lake mead. Three of us rented a boat with Cj and Carleton on the helm. These guys we extremely professional and safety was always on their mind. Made us feel very confident that they would take care of us. We tried wake surfing first. After a brief demonstration and some guidance we jumped in head first. All three of us were able to get up very quickly. We fell in love with wake surfing. We all ended up being able to surf for a few seconds without the rope. Awesome time. Did a little wake boarding afterwards which was fun but didn't compare to surfing. 4 hours flew by. Carleton and cj took care of us and made sure we had a good time. Highly recommend going with them. Next time we are out there definitely going to go with a full day of wake surfing,
5	We had such a blast with Carlton and Brandon that I had to Yelp and let others know about this gem of an activity located 40 minutes from the strip.  Do yourself a favor and get away from the craziness of Vegas by spending a day on Lake Mead.  Our group included 2 families, with 4 kids aged 8-14. 2 of the kids had skied before and loved doing it again.  One of our kids had never skied-- and Carlton had her up and going on the 3rd pull with such a great smile on her face.  Our 8 year old was not quite ready for the skis yet, but found a new love in knee boarding.  Both Carlton and Brandon were fantastic teachers for all of the different water sports.  They were so patient, so professional, and so enthusiastic.  They accommodated everyone's wishes for different activities, different ropes, different music, etc.  I think everyone in the group would say it was the highlight of our trip.  Even though the temperature was 108 that day, we all stayed cool with frequent jumps into the lake (perfect temperature!) between rides.I can't say enough about the day.  We had signed up for 4 hours thinking we'd all be fried and tired after that long in the sun.  When we found out the 3 hours had passed, we panicked as we were no where near ready to be done.  The guys graciously offered to extend the day from 4 hours to 7 hours.  The kids (I think adults too!) still weren't ready to be done!Thanks again Carlton and Brandon!  We had such a fantastic time!
2	Looks like this company is very hit or miss, and we got a miss.We rented a boat for all day with 4 people, so it was pretty pricey.  It seems we got subbed out to a private boat owner because they were over booked.  To make it WORSE, he brought his 7 year old along in an already crowded boat.  We felt horrible for the child, so of course let him do some of the watersports (on our dollar), but of course he was unhappy most of the trip.The other problem, because this is just some guy with a boat, is he was very concerned with his gas consumption for the trip.  I'm sorry, that's not our problem.  They kept trying to get us off the group raft, which uses up more fuel due to the heavier drag.To make matters EVEN worse, when I wrote to the company explaining our experience I never heard back from them.  Not even an email.We came away from the experience feeling very cheated.
