2	This place probably isn't the typical Long Wongs. It's not in the best neighborhood and had a sign at the counter that said "this isn't Burger King. You don't get it your way. You get it our way." I ordered fish and chips which the menu wall said was batter dipped. I was served beaded fish sticks...(no kidding), like we had in the 70's but they're served with a side of wing sauce. I didn't try that combo though. My husband had wings and said they were average. Fries were pretty limp. Booths were dirty and uncomfortable. I don't know how yelp decided this was a Chinese place. It's everything but.
1	Their hours say that they close at 10pm Friday -Sunday  ... I called around 9pm on a Saturday to make sure they will be still open , girl picked up & said they will be open until 10pm .... When I called I was right around the corner & the open sign was still on & two girl employees where standing in front of the counter & saw me.. The door was locked & they saw me try to open the door & they laughed & left me outside!!  I even waited 5 minutes for them but never came to the door!   Wings are great but i will NEVER come to this location again !!!!!
5	Okay, so I'm realllyyyyy freaking picky when it comes to my wings. I don't do Hooters wings. I don't do Buffalo Wild Wings. I don't do Pizza Hut wings. I think I've only had one dozen wings that I went kind of nuts over... and that was yesterday at Long Wong's.Luckily, one of my girlfriends knew how ridiculous I am when it comes to wings but insisted we check this place out. Ghetto area. The girl at the counter wore black lipliner. The customers looked like they just got out of prison...HOWEVER! The wings were out of this world. Saucy, full of flavor, and cheap. Extra veggies, extra ranch... no charge. We ate so many wings + chili cheese fries, and I felt like a heffer when we were done. SUCCESS!
5	Having travelled the U.S. extensively as an aficionado and connoisseur of "hot wings" , when my business brings me to Phoenix, all I can think of is the "hot wings" I will be getting.  It is to that little obscure place located at 43rd and Indian School (behind some Car Wash) known as Long Wong's that I will head. It has been there for 20+ years. Primarily a "call-in" and "take-out" establishment with very limited seating, you won't get Chinese food but you will get the meatiest and crunchiest wings dripping in one of Long Wong's own "secret" hot sauces-----from mild to suicide (at your own risk) -----including honey BBQ made with REAL honey and a house made ranch to die for,. Long Wong's also features the "usual"---- made UNUSUALLY delicious:  all beef dogs, burgers, and REAL HOMEMADE curly-Q fries. Great place! LT
5	BEST wings in town. Even when I didn't live in the neighborhood I drove 20 minutes to buy wings. Awesome staff. Wings ALWAYS made to my liking and very crispy. My kids all agree and we come here at least 2-3 times a month  everything on the menu is GREAT. cheese stix, salad, burgers and everything are delicious.
2	I came across this place craving wings, as I walk in I see a cashier with a what do you want face. She did not greeted us. I look at the menu (on the wall)to see what can I have I ask cashier what she recommendes she carelessly with a smirk on her  face say I dont know....wtf... you work here and you dont know what is good what kind of service is that. I totally ignore her ok its 6 of  us at home just give me a  mini bucket of suicide wings.  The flavor on wings were ok, good flavor thats why I give a one  star cause if it to customer service ill give no star. They seriously need to get rid of her.
