5	The Pudgy Pup has been the answer to our prayers concerning daycare for our little puppy, and she loves it here!  Best deal, 3 hours for $5!  Its right by our house, so dropping her offer for 3 hours so we can run around or clean our house, its worth it.  We have taken her there for 8 hours once when we were traveling and working, and we have taken her for longer periods as well, and we've been so pleased.  They also are known for grooming, which is what they started out as being, and we've added their bath/brush service while we had her there for daycare, they even cleaned her ears, which we have terrible time getting near her ears.  The bath/brush was $24, and even though we had her there for 6 hours, they only charged us $5!
4	No cage kennel. Awesome for balanced dogs that can get along with all breeds in a pack environment. Staff is incredible.  My female boxer loves it there so that makes me happy.
5	This place is awesome! They don't kennel the dogs and I have seen them take care of them. They do a good job and are very clean.  Our dog loves to play and when he comes home from there he's pooped and sleeps all night!
5	I was a little bit apprehensive about trying the Pudgy Pup at first because I was a new dog-mom and was afraid my puppy (who was 6 months at the time) wouldn't take well to the new environment. Once summer rolled around, I had to try it - he was used to going to the dog park 3-4 times a week, and he needed that playtime, but in an air-conditioned environment! One of my mom's coworkers recommended Pudgy Pup and I am SO thankful I gave it a try.The entire staff know my pup Jethro and he is always greeted by name, and so warmly. The site keeps your paperwork on file, and all dogs are required to have all their vaccinations done and participate in a screening process to ensure they are capable of assimilating into a pack.Another thing I love is that they do not kennel the dogs. Everything is out in the open. I can't tell you how many times I've walked in to pick up Jethro and all the dogs are just lounging around, hanging out, enjoying each other's company. They are well monitored, and you can tell the dogs love the people who work there.On top of that, Pudgy Pup offers grooming services. I decided to have Jethro groomed for the first time there. They did a full bath and brush, plus clipped his nails, and even more. Again, they don't kennel them at all, which is great - I was going to take him to PetSmart originally, but I am not keen on the fact that PetSmart kennel-dries their dogs. Jethro was able to hang out with the groomers while he dried, and they trimmed his nails perfectly.The best part is, they open early ... 6am weekdays, 7:30am weekends. This is so great for me, because Jethro and I are both early risers. It has been so wonderful to be able to have my quiet Saturday mornings, knowing Jethro is having the time of his life with his buddies. And it's only $5 for the first three hours!I can't recommend Pudgy Pup enough. Check it out, you won't regret it, and your pup will love you even more for it! Even once the weather cools off again, we'll still be visiting weekly!
5	Amazing!! Based on the yelp reviews, we took our two 8 month old poodle/terrier mix pups to get groomed (one of which has been called bratty by every groomer thus far). I loved the kennel free concept as we want them to be a socialized as possible. Our dogs didn't hesitate from the first moment. Plus the cuts are the best they've ever had!! They aren't perfumey smelling but smell clean. The groomers were amazing with them. I can't say enough positive things about the pudgy pup. We've had some bad experiences lately with all the area PetsMarts and grooming/boarding services. This experience was a breath of fresh air. I loved the all inclusive grooming and how they don't nickel and dime every service (nails, anal gland expressing, ear cleaning). I will definitely be using their services in the future and I look forward to using their day camp and boarding services. GREAT family owned business.
1	If I could give this business zero stars or negative stars, I definitely would. During the summer months, my work schedule changes from five 8 hour days (manageable with dogs) to four 10 hour days. With a 30 minute commute each way and no break, that is just too long for my pups to be at home alone without a potty break! While looking for a low-cost solution such as doggie daycare or an in-home service, I stumbled across reviews for The Pudgy Pup. I noticed all of the positive reviews on Yelp and decided to check out their web site. I have to hand it to them--their rates are very reasonable. It would cost me $20 for the full day, per dog, or I could buy a package for multiple days at an even better rate. My dogs fit all of the criteria--they even require that dogs have their bordetella (kennel cough) vaccine. Did I mention Pudgy Pup is on my way to work AND open at 6 am? I work at 7 during the summer, how perfect... I thought to myself, okay, sign me up for the biggest package! But then I scrolled to the very bottom of the page, which they saw a fitting place to include their policy "sorry, no pit bulls." This place will never see one red cent of my money, and I will ensure that all of the dog people I know do the same. Pudgy Pup could have made lots of money off of my family this summer... but I guess they don't want it.
5	I took our cocker spaniel to The Pudgy Pup today for the first time & I was very pleased with the job that they did on his hair. The staff were all very friendly & I appreciate that they fit us in at the last minute. It was fun going to pick him up & seeing his sweet face staring out the window of the office enjoying people-watching rather than being stuck in a kennel while he waited. The only negative thing that I have to say is that I was very surprised at the price. I'm not sure what the going rate is here but we are originally from another state & have always paid almost 1/2 of what they charged. But as the saying goes, you get what you pay for & we definitely got our money's worth. We will definitely be going back  & I would recommend them to anyone.
