4	I ran across Lono by chance wandering from Bally's to Paris hotel. They had some pretty items in the window that caught my eye (bless you ADD); namely those jewelry stands that are different female forms with different kinds of dresses. They also had pretty jewelry cases and fun feminine novelty items like pen holders that are deep high heel shoes. Hard to describe...and visiting their website won't give you much more idea, although their site says you can request a full catalog.I suggested they start using Twitter and Facebook to gain more of a following. Their location is in the long hallway between the main casino of Paris and Bally's, I don't remember exactly what stores neighbor it, but it's a nice gem worth checking out, mainly for women. It's behind one of the long ramps, so make sure you don't miss it (it'll be on your left if you're walking toward Bally's from Paris main casino)The two employees were sweet Japanese people, the woman seemed to be the owner and the man was younger. They were super nice and had the donation box for relief in Japan. A short pleasant conversation while they carefully wrapped my two items was quite enjoyable (personal touch) and the woman said bye in Japanese as  I left :)
5	What a wonderful little shop!  Full of Pretty little things.  I bought a charm for my daughter.  The owner was very sweet and helpful in picking out just the right one.  It was a nice experience And I was happy to find something that wasn't going to be found in different shop down the strip somewhere.  Unique and personable.
5	My husband and I were shopping in this great jewelry shop. We found this wonderful sterling silver necklace and also had a beautiful set of earrings. My husband purchased this for me and I wanted to wear it to the concert we were attending the next day. The clasp on the necklace was hard to separate and it broke before I had a chance to wear it. The next day we took it back to the shop and the young lady was very helpful. They didn't have another one so she told me that the manager would order one for me. They were great in the follow up and the next day they received another one and called me to tell me they would send it to me. Lono God of Peace is a fun shop, they have great jewelry with great prices. I believe anyone who is going to Las Vegas and want to buy jewelry should stop by and visit!
