4	One day I woke up with my left eye not seeing correctly. I had distorted vision, and after being referred here by my optometrist I called right away to make an appointment. They scheduled me right away (only a couple days later) and explained to me information about insurance coverage before even getting there. Wait time is not bad, the most I waited was an hour to finally see the doctor. I've experienced longer wait times at my family doctor and dentist. It took them some time to finally figure out what was wrong with my eye (three different tests) and told me upfront the needed procedure for my eye in fear of eventual blindness. I was so scared at first but Dr. Thach reassured me that as long as I do the procedure my eye won't become worse. But of course there's always risks, and he told me all of them before making me schedule my next visit. I was so scared to discover that they'll need to use an injection into my eye ball to fix the rupture at the back of my eye. To be honest it hurt a bit and my eyeball bled for a week (no, I wasn't tearing up blood) but my eyeball was blood red. I could've been mistaken for a vampire haha! They kept scheduling me for routine checkups every two months, which is a hassle for me. But if it's for keeping track of my eyesight's' improvement then it's all good. I'm glad that Dr. Thach knew what he was doing because going blind is definitely a scary thought. The office itself has always been helpful when I had questions or needed to reschedule. They even talked to my insurance company for me when they wouldn't cover the costs for some reason. I can tell they care enough for their patients.
3	I could give a higher number of stars, but I've decided to get a second opinion. So far I've simply has tests done, one of which involved getting an injection first. All were done without too much discomfort. My doctor is Dr Lee who seems to be well versed in his specialty and well educated. My impression of Las Vegas is that the city does not attract many top doctors, so we should be happy to find one like Dr. Lee.I have to drive into and from this office, which is horrific, going down 95 and 15 into Downtown, or nearly so. Why are doctors always far away in Las Vegas?
2	I will update this review if I ever get an appointment.  However, after being referred for a possible retinal detachment, I have been kept on hold, cut off after 10 minutes, then kept on hold for at least another 10.  I talked to three people, one of whom just said that they have a high volume of callers.  Their front office staff is apparently really bad and has no customer focus.First update.  I waited 20 minutes on the second call, but finally talked to someone and got an appointment the same day.  That is worth an upgrade from one star to two.  I will post more after the appointment.
