1	Where do I start.  I ordered a pie for delivery about a month ago, and it got here late.  I didn't worry about it, but the driver did apologize.Today, I received a coupon for a free large pie due to the last late delivery, so I thought I would use it.To make a long story short, I should have just placed the order for pick up over the phone.  Apparently, phone orders trump walk in business at this location.Even though I was the only customer for nearly 30 minutes, my order was placed dead last behind any phone order that was called in.Dominos...Pizza Hut...Papa John's...it's all the same.At least Dominos is hot and fresh to your door in 30 minutes.We're in an Economic Depression.  I don't need to spend money at a place that has no customer service...and no comprehension of process.Hasta, Papa.  You blow.
1	We ordered 2 extra large 16" pizzas. When I went to pick up the pizzas I commented that both pizzas appeared  small and how the box appeared to be too large for the pizzas. 2 employees assured me that both pizzas were 16".   When I arrived home with the pizzas my wife also commented how small they were so we took out a ruler and measured them both at 14" which is the size of a "Large" not the 16" "Extra large" which we ordered and paid for.I drove back to Papa Johns on Anthem Village Dr. with the pizzas and asked for the manager. He told me that both pizzas were 16" and there was NO PROBLEM. I then pulled out my ruler and the manager said well if you want I will remake them for you. The franchise owner is having the employees make smaller than ordered size pizzas and charging the customer for the larger size. They are now also charging $0.10 per packet for cheese & red pepper. Time to find another pizza place in 89052 that does not steal from customers.
5	This place is Rocks!!  Always good service....I've been coming here for years and am never disspointed!!
1	Never again and not because of the pizza or the delivery guy, but the poor management of the store.  We ordered on line on Thursday, Aug. 14 for delivery. Got the email stating the pizza would be here in 30-40 minutes. After 55 minutes, we called and were told it is an hour for delivery as they have only 1 driver.  Okay, but shouldn't your confirmation email state that?  I understand you get busy, I can accept that.  Our pizza arrives 15 minutes later. We pay for it and tip the driver in cash because from what we've heard from the store, its not his fault he's the only driver tonight.  Maybe someone called in sick, again not my problem but I understand. Pizza was cold and the order was incorrect, they gave us black olives for mushrooms. We checked the email and they screwed up, no black olives on our order.  So we called back and spoke to someone who told us the manager was too busy to talk to us now. No give me your contact info and I will have him or her call you back, nothing.  So we contacted their corporate office on line. We got a response back pretty quickly apologizing for our experience and stating the store would be contacting us soon to resolve the issue.  Canned email for sure, but a response none the less. It's been a week, we have heard nothing from this store. I guess they are still too busy to care.  We will never order from Papa John's again, none of them.  Which sort of sucks because we only have 3 options for pizza delivery where we live.
