5	This hike is SO extremely steep, rugged and hardcore that at times I felt like a smuggler with an assful of heroin, traversing the Khyber Pass into Pakistan with a posse of pissed-off Taliban on my tail. Fun!!!I've been wanting to hike Sunrise Mountain ever since I moved here over 10 years ago...simply because it's THERE. From a distance, it looks like a giant, treeless brown dirt mound...and that's basically what it looks like up close, too. But it was still a BADASS hike!Note: the formation commonly referred to as "Sunrise" mountain is actually Frenchman Mountain...I'm talking about the mountain at the end of East Lake Mead Blvd on the right-hand side...the one that looms over east Vegas like a benevolent dirt-colored Jabba the Hutt. Sunrise, Frenchman, whatever. YOU know what I mean!To reach the trailhead, follow East Lake Mead Blvd. east all the way to the edge of town. About 1/4 mile past the last stucco subdivision, there's a gravel lot to the right, in front of a gate. Park there, and then hike up the mountain following the gravel utility road.There are NO trees on this hike, so do it on a cool day, or at night. It's hardcore uphill action -- first you ascend a fake summit, and then drop down across a saddle to the second peak, which is the REAL summit. Double whammy! Expect to burn at least 50,000 calories on this hike -- it's about a 2-hour slog to the top, and then another two hours back down; the gravel on the road is very loose, so you have to go reeeeeally slowly and carefully to avoid eating it.Vegetation-wise there ain't much to recommend this jaunt -- just some scrubby bushes and a few very subtle desert plants and flowers. I still dug it, though...I appreciate the weird harsh beauty of the desert. It's totally quiet, and when you finally get to the top the view is A...M...A...Z...I...N...G! Lake Mead on one side, and all of Vegas on the other.There's some kinda cell phone towers or electrical substation or something at the top, so expect to be bathed in radiation while you're up there. But on the plus side, my friend and I were able to hitch a ride back down in the back of these two Southwest Gas utility workers' truck. It was a hairy ride, and the truck almost rolled off the EXTREMELY STEEP road once or twice...but it was alllll part of the adventure :-)When I was at the top, I went out on the overlook and mooned all of Vegas. Thankfully there were no Taliban around...or I wouldn't be here writing this today. Allah Akhbar!
4	Very, very steep indeed.  Just take your time and bring hiking poles...if ever a hike was appropriate for them it is this one.  I only fell once.  A friend might not hurt too.  Seriously, this hike is for people who like the torture of serious uphill and find satisfaction in incredible views in all directions.  This is a pivotal spot to get your bearings in Las Vegas.  You park on the south side of Lake Mead Boulevard at a shut gate that is basically just trying to keep trespassers from driving up (even the lazy want to see good views).  It is the most obvious, straight uphill fire road in the area.  It was worth my effort and took no more than 4 hours total with lots of stopping.
5	WHOA! If you are looking for a serious cardio workout and don't want to be inside the gym on a treadmill, this is for you! My heart rate was up the first fifteen minutes on this hike, which is basically a fire/service road to the top of Frenchman Mtn to a bunch of cell phone & radio towers. Here are the stats:The trail climbs 1,400 feet in a little over a mile to a false summit, then after all that hard work, drops 300 feet to a saddle between the peaks. From here it's a less than a mile and 700 more feet of elevation to the peak and victory. 4 miles roundtrip. After the saddle the second climb is so steep, at times I felt like I could put my hands down on the dirt and crawl up, for the love of GAWD! This hike is good for the winter months and early Spring, no way can this be done after May, way too hot, no shade and the sun just beats down on you. Bring 2-3 liters of water, sunscreen and motivation!
5	HARD HARD HIKE!  bring walking sticks.  but OH MY G it was an amazing view at the top.  Try to make sure you go on a clear day, and understand that it is a very steep climb most of the way.  There is a flase peak from which you already get a great view but i highly recommend sucking it up and going the rest of the way to the top becuase you can see lake mead on one side and the strip on the other.  Very amazing and totally worth it.  It will take a while to get up and down so make sure ur not trying to time it close to any commitments!
5	This is a strenuous hike with a lot of elevation gain to a false summit, then elevation loss, and then elevation gain to the true summit.  This is not a hike for the casual person, and it's almost a must that you wear hiking boots.  Especially coming back down, the steepness and the slippery sand and gravel can make slipping a very easy thing.The payoff for all this hard work is the view.  The view of Las Vegas and the Spring Mountains to the west.  The view of Lake Mead, Rainbow Gardens, and Lava Butte to the east.  Any direction you look will be wonderful and you feel like you're on top of the world.This is a cool weather hike.  You certainly don't want to be doing it in July when it's in the 100s.I was conflicted about whether this should be a 4 or 5 star rating and I finally decided on the 5 stars.  The view makes this hike "as good as it gets" in spite of the work to reach the goal.I have added some of the photos I took when I did this hike on February 18, 2008 to give you an idea of how steep the two road sections are.
5	Do you still have some equity in your house?Are you in a happy marriage? Do your kids do well at school and eat their veggies? Is your paycheck ungarnished? If the answers are yes then your life is pretty good, all happiness and contentment.The antidote for your state of satisfaction is the hike to the summit of Frenchman Mountain.It's the far mountain on the eastern edge of the valley, two peaks and you can point it out, when bragging, to anyone from pretty well any place in Vegas.Situated on E. Lake Mead a couple of miles past Albertson's, it's easy to park and does not look too daunting as you park the car and look up the gravelly trail.OK, now is where the "fun" starts. There is a very steep single track road that is full of loose rocks and gravel. You will climb 1400 feet in a little over a mile to a false summit. You then drop down about 300 feet to the saddle between the two peaks and then the ascent to the summit, the true summit with the antenna , is another 700 feet of the most lung busting torturous trail that I have ever had the misfortune to hike. It's loose, steep, ugly, with very little vegetation BUT the satisfaction you will feel when you hit the summit and sign the register is enormous. The views are unparalleled, you can see Lake Mead, Lake Las Vegas and the entire city to the west. Amazeballs.The hike down is equally arduous and it takes extreme care not to slip/fall on the difficult and steep descent. I don't hike with poles but I believe that they would be a large help on Frenchman. There were many moments on the hike when I wished I were someplace else but after completing the hike they are now a distant memory.If Santa brings me poles I may try it again!
3	One of the worst hikes in the Vegas valley--mainly because it's not meant to be a hike--with one of the best views in Vegas at the end.It's a short, steep and rough hike up the Frenchman Mountain's peak.  The main reason the hike is so difficult is that it wasn't designed to be a hike.  The trail is actually a rocky road to the radio towers that sit atop the mountain.  When the road is straight, it's covered in rocky "scree" that will shift under your feet and constantly threaten to send you tumbling.  There are some steep switchbacks that limit the grade of the uphill, but you'll still be breathing heavy throughout the hike.Once you have complete the hike, you'll have the best view -- with the Vegas valley laid out in front of you.  It's a gorgeous view.Most people do the hike only once.  The main reason is how rough it is to come down the steep mountain.  Some folks fall trying to come down the mountain, some folks have their knees hurting trying to come down the mountain.  It's steep and a rough walk down.It's worth a visit, but not a regular hike.For a great description of the elevation details, the GPS coordinates, and directions to the trailhead, visit: birdandhike.com/Hike/LAME/Frenchman/_Frenchman.htm
3	One of the worst hikes in the Vegas valley--mainly because it's not meant to be a hike--with one of the best views in Vegas at the end.It's a short, steep and rough hike up the Frenchman Mountain's peak.  The main reason the hike is so difficult is that it wasn't designed to be a hike.  The trail is actually a rocky road to the radio towers that sit atop the mountain.  When the road is straight, it's covered in rocky "scree" that will shift under your feet and constantly threaten to send you tumbling.  There are some steep switchbacks that limit the grade of the uphill, but you'll still be breathing heavy throughout the hike.Once you have complete the hike, you'll have the best view -- with the Vegas valley laid out in front of you.  It's a gorgeous view.Most people do the hike only once.  The main reason is how rough it is to come down the steep mountain.  Some folks fall trying to come down the mountain, some folks have their knees hurting trying to come down the mountain.  It's steep and a rough walk down.It's worth a visit, but not a regular hike.For a great description of the elevation details, the GPS coordinates, and directions to the trailhead, visit: http://birdandhike.com/Hike/LAME/Frenchman/_Frenchman.htm
4	My profile headline reads "Yelp is my Diary." And so,Dear Yelp:   In less than 5,000 characters, I want to reflect on my midlife Birthday present that I gave myself this past March 3. It was the experience of hiking up Frenchman Mountain. This Birthday present would be a metaphor to reaching the summit of my lifespan.  Frenchman Mountain is the beast of Vegas hiking trails. From the Lake Mead Boulevard. trailhead to the conclusion at the radio towers above Bonanza Road there are two summits. Summit 1 is the False summit and summit 2 is the South Summit. This is the equivalent of hiking up a roller coaster with rocks and loose gravel from Bonanza Road/Summerlin Parkway to Lake Mead  Boulevard. It is a roller coaster climbing up to 1,600 feet. This is a height above the 1,149 feet Stratosphere. From the time of my Exploration Park review, I mean entree, I have been preparing for the ultimate of Las Vegas hardcore hikes: Frenchman Mountain.  In preparation for my Birthday present, I loaded up on the essentials. They included a knapsack of a frozen gallon of water, bottle water, hiking pole, boots, phone, and prayer.  There is a lot of naughty activity by the trailhead. Looking at Google Streetview I saw graffiti on the utility poles. I made an executive decision to extend the walk 2.1 miles each way from the Hollywood at Lake Mead CVS to the trailhead. This is a shame because this is the Great Unconformity. I would of appreciated learning about the 1.7 billion year old Precambrian granite and schist. Or how the earth plates moved the mountain 50 miles from its existing position.So much for the science lesson. It was time for the fitness lesson.   Frenchman Mountain starts off hardcore. Immediately there is a 700 foot elevation gain to the False Summit. I was tiring from the steep uphill climb on rocks. To achieve my goal of making it to the top, I turned to the same resource that I turn to whenever I am under a big challenge. It is rock & roll. "Believe It Or Not-The Theme From the Greatest American Hero" was the soundtrack tune that got me through the uphill climbs. In reality it was a windy day and I was walking against air. I'd rest after each rotation of the song. I didn't have to work hard. This was my Birthday.  At the end of the climb was the reward for all my effort. It was a steep climb up the South Summit, after a 300 foot drop.  Like a Vegas show, the South Summit is an illusion.It is not as steep as it looks. Just very steep and rocky. I made four stops listening to "Believe It or Not I'm Walking On Air." After the steep ascension there are switchbacks before it levels off. Now with the Las Vegas overlook on the right, there are 2 towers. The second is the conclusion of the hike.  At the spot where Yelper Sarah Jane W. mooned all of Vegas, I stared at the Las Vegas Valley spread out like a carpet below. I had the opportunity to get close ups of the Strip and the Temple off Bonanza Road just below me.It was too windy to get to the Lake Mead overlook.  Going downhill, I turned off the rock & roll. It was too easy for the rocks to make me roll. I believe that the rocks that came close to making me roll include quartz pebbles. If I broke my leg it would be nice to know that the culprit was pebbles that were original igurous quartz crystals that crystallized from magna 1,7 years ago.  The nicest views on the way back were from the False Summit to Lake Mead Boulevard overlooking Sunrise Mountain.People commonly mistake Frenchman Mountain for Sunrise Mountain. This was a view that I appreciated with a hiking pole and boots.  Yelp, Frenchman Mountain is the midlife  Birthday present that I will never forget. It taught me that when I set a goal and put my mind to it, that I will achieve it. Frenchman Mountain also taught me that it is not the material things in life that matter. Life is about the experiences.Signing off on Friday, March 8, 2013 at 11:36 pm.
5	Well rather then repeating everything in the other reviews all just say I agree with all of it.I've hiked this a half a dozen times over the years and it kicked my ass every time...but the view is always worth it.Try it at night sometime. The view of the city lights at night are awesome!
5	I just completed this hike and made a video, see for yourself if you want to accept the challenge.Video of frenchman mountainhttp://youtu.be/lHASly540w0
4	I've done this hike a handful of times over the years.  It's a nice workout and the views over the Vegas Valley are awesome.For a truly amazing view climb late in the afternoon so that it's dark when you arrive at the top. The view of the lights across the valley are stunning.
4	hard assed hike with great views.  good prep for a night out on the strip.  wear good hiking boots and bring plenty of water.  It is a little disconcerting to finish the first summit and then see the real one, but it is not quite as steep as it looks.
4	Great hike if you are ready for some cardio and trip hazards, due to loose rocks. It takes about 2 to 4 hours depending how fast your pace is. Because it has two peaks it is over 2000 feet in elevation gain and less than 7 miles round trip. It takes all day because afterward you will need a nap. Bring hiking poles if you got them, a hearty snack, and at least 4 litters of water. We did it in the winter so summer hikes might need twice as much water.
