1	If you don't like having smooth, relaxing craps, and pleasure yourself in hot, anus ripping diarrhea, then look no further- Basha on Sherbrooke and University is the place for you!This lovely little toilet nightmare is placed in the basement suite of an old, semi-abandoned office building, sharing its prime real estate with a shady currency exchange store that opens for only 3 hours a day and a Tim Hortons above it that, for lack of a better word, is as pleasurable in dining as is eating the asshole an obese computer technician named Fred.  The decor in this Basha's is lovely:  it features crumbling drywall, piss yellow cracked paint, and an orange trim that is peppered with cigarette burns and ashes from the staff after working hours.  The floor is also missing a few tiles and it's been mopped with outdated cleaning products from the 50's that smell like ass-juice vinaigrette.  The decor and ambiance of a Middle Eastern building in the midst of a warring conflict is achieved in all 5 senses...truly a design award is necessary for this place.The food is affordable...some would even argue cheap as hell.  And hell it does seem to exemplify once tasting it.  The hummus is about 5 days old and unrefrigerated, giving it an extra bit of sour mold to for a reduction in taste, while the kebab meats are uncooked, still dripping fresh in its juices when killed when served to you coupled with vegetables from Lobo.  If you're lucky enough, this delicious meal will also include an extra bonus of a piece of fur or bone from the mystery meat you adventurously embark on tasting.  This is truly a wonderful spoof at the poverty some must undergo in the slums of war torn countries and the owners do an excellent job simulating poverty's finest dishes to an elite group of college students.  Truly, this ploy of forcing empathy through taste is a great charitable cause and is noteworthy in decor, ambiance and especially in inducing you to excretion levels so high that your bowels and esophagus will be taken to unseen heights.
3	Each time I go, I get the vegetarian platter. It's a massive amount of food for pretty darn cheap (easily half what I'd pay anywhere else downtown) and man does it do the trick. Like today. My platter today included: hummus and a falafel (both ok - not insane ok, but ok), grilled eggplant and cauliflower (one thumbs up), garlic potatoes (hellsyeah - but now I have a sore stomach from the garlic) and some pretty darn yumms shredded carrot salad (with walnuts), avocado salad and tabbouleh (fresh, not garlicky)But yeah, I'm at this Basha at least 3 times a week and as of this week, I'm officially a "known" person and me and the guy behind the counter say hi-hi to each other. I can't wait til we're at high-five level.
3	This is a fast food style restaurant that is located across from McGill and down some stairs.I ordered the SHISH TAOUK in a pita wrap.It tasted ok.  Never had this particular dish before.  The pita was very thin kind of like a crepe, and tasted good.Seating is plenty and kind of like a mini food court,
