1	Slow, surly, shoddy & expensive. I can work around the first, sort of appreciate the second, and can even justify the fourth. But it's shoddy that runs through. I just came back with five shirts. The press-job for the top half was great, but the bottoms all had some oblong shaped, like a giant tongue depressor, neatly stamped into the pressing. Below that, the runner around the bottom of the shirt looked like a twisting DNA strand. Probably OK if these shirts were meant to be tucked in, but they aren't!So I'm done.
1	The worst cleaner around.  Poor service, quality and price.  Do not go here.
1	Strike three- you are out!  This is the WORST dry cleaning service not only in Arizona, but possibly the United States.  The ***ONLY*** reason I have gone here was out of pure convenience as it is (luckily) located next to Trader Joe's.  Today marks the third time I have order 24 hr service to not have the order ready-- always an excuse.  Todays excuse was "I don't know what the girl in the back is doing."  I have a suggestion: How bout getting my clothing pressed on time?   Shame on me for giving my hard earned dollars to a business that is crap, poor customer service, and always late.  Do yourself a favor and find another dry cleaning service.  This place is not worth the overpriced dollar they charge.
1	I just signed up for Yelp, and even though it's been awhile since I've been to this place, my experience was so bad, I had to write a review.  The service at this place is horrible.  I don't expect someone to be over the top nice to me, but the lady was rude everytime I went in.  The last straw was when I checked out  a blouse and noticed that the buttons were ruined.  The lady didn't care and when I pushed she said I could call later and speak with the manager.  Seriously didn't care and clearly didn't want to do anything about my damaged blouse.  This was it, I was never going back.
1	Worst dry cleaner ever, signed up for yelp just for this review! The ruined my wedding dress!!! I needed to wear the dress again for an event , we had a destination wedding. Went to pick up dress 3 weeks later still not done, went back the day I needed to wear it to find the garment back I dropped it off in missing, the corset string to hold my dress up missing, and the beautiful expensive dress was torn!!! Still haven't been able to speak to the manager. DO NOT GO HERE! Worst customer service and dry cleaner ever....should not be in business. Trust me I am not done with this matter....of all things to ruin my wedding dress!?!?
5	Been coming here for years.  Miss a couple of the girls that used to work here.  Still, ftmp,  we get good service.  I drop off bags full of men's shirts to be laundered along with womens suits for dry cleaning in addition to the few assorted things that need to get done.Occasionally things have happened but they fix the issue and tend to get things worked out.Overall I've been pleased with the service, staff, and work done.
4	Not cheap but they are efficient and make the effort to provide good customer service.Anything not completely cleaned will be redone, and if necessary it will be done a third time and with a different method upon customer approval.  They do good work.Been coming here for years and have seen the changes brought with new ownership, most of which are nothing to brag about.Miss the girls that used to work here.What I'm not happy about is they mention a discount on Facebook and I have mentioned not being able to find said discount on the last four or five times I've been in.  Whomever handles the Facebook page -please make that discount EASIER to find.I've asked that you tag me the first time I searched for it.I also showed the gentleman at this location the hundreds of photos (why?!) on your Facebook page and still have not found the discount that you mention on the entrance/exit area of business.I still haven't found the thing.
5	As stated previously, we've been coming here for years.  Well before the management from CA came in and took over.We have a lot of cleaning done here routinely and because of this we get a bag to toss all our stuff in and they give us a small discount.  The discount isn't a lot but the fact we get it with every order makes a good difference.Any piece of clothing that has come back with a spot has been brought to the attention of the person behind the counter, the item is sent back to be recleaned and if necessary I sign off so the item can actually be laundered.To date I've had more luck and success with this dry cleaner than I have with some of the other local (CHEAP) dry cleaners.  One such place totally lost my entire order and treated me like I was a raving lunatic.  Damn I should've called 12 for Action on them, but I was upset at my loss at the time.Anyway, a couple of recent rants and bad reviews, including one that suggested that the person giving this company five (5) stars must've been "compensated", caused me to come back and update my review with additional details.I've worked various jobs in customer service over the years and I can tell you it's one thing that hardly exists these days.  However, when I've had an issue I brought it to their attention and things got straightened out.  And believe me, I wasn't happy in those situations.  But they rectified the situation and that IS the customer service which causes me to be a happy and satisfied customer.My 20+ years of going there is by far a more realistic view of this business.So IF they did a poor job you need to send it back to be done right.  If you don't do that then you only have yourself to blame.
