3	SALSA BAR RAID!  that is exactly why I do when I am at this place. The salsa bar is the main attraction for me. There are many great salsa options, plus fresh cilantro and peppers. Some of the salsas are good enough to be eaten straight, like the mango salsa, it makes a good desert.The menu for this place is somewhat somewhat limited t mostly burritos and tacos. Recently the menu was revised and the cheaper items were removed and more expensive ones were added in their place.Every meal comes with a small side of chips, which adds even more use to the salsa bar. The grilled green onion that used to come with each meal is gone and missed.
1	Went in a few nights ago. Food and staff was average. The restaurant however is a mess. The tile around salsa bar is dirty and chipped,windows dirty, dusty and sign printed out and stuck on wall. The restaurant to me looks like it's been written off. It's in a hidden location. If the front end looks that bad, I would hate to see the back. Very disappointing to see a good brand let a unit get that disheveled.
1	This place is close to my house, eat here at lease twice a month.  But the last few visits sure were disappointing.  The salsa bar was dirty.   Tables were not clean.  I have had good fish taco there, but will find a new location.
1	We just went to the 4302 E Ray Rd location in Phoenix AZ. Although the food was OK, the restaurant was in terrible condition.It smelled like disinfectant as we walked in, and we discovered why. As you walked further in to the store there was an odor of sewer backup.After we got our food, we looked at MOST of the tables trying to find a clean one. The best one still needed the chairs to be wiped off, and when running a napkin over the table, it came up black.The ice machine's grate was broken and laying in the bottom of the drain, and the doors to cabinets below the ice machine were broken and hanging on angles. I should have taken pictures.We even noticed that the large plastic cup we got for our drink was dirty on the outside like the person unwrapping them had newspaper ink on their hands or something.Needless to say, we will not be going back to that location and may not do ANY location in the future. Although many have way more STARS!!The manager mentioned being NEW at that store, so I certainly hope he was there to FIX the issues.
4	I have been to this location several times and have always had fresh food which tasted good.  They always have coupons and other discount offers so getting a good bank for your buck is rather easy.  The outside seats are shaded, but plastic, and are close to a main road so noise could be an issue at peak traffic times.   The salsa bar had many options, and you can take little cups home with any left overs.  The ingredients taste fresh, and the presentation of the items is several steps better than a fast food place.  There are several choices for fish tacos, and have always been cooked well for me.  I wish they had real iced tea instead of the soda fountain mass produced type.
1	I was really disappointed with my local Baja Fresh tonight.  The lobby, salsa bar and even drink station were very dirty and unkept.  To top that off my salad had old dark colored guacamole and limp lettuce.I hope they read this and will do a better job at cleaning up!
