5	Needed a new battery nacho took care of it, Humberto installed it. All done!
5	Nacho's shop is thee best. My friend referred me.I had smog problems and had spent nearly $400 messing around with another Mechanic. Nacho helped me out at a very reasonable price and he actually FIXED the problem! I will go here from now on
1	I would not recommend anyone going to Nachos unless it is for something very simple like putting in a new battery. The mechanics for the most part do not speak English. I have no issue with that except they are apparently shade tree mechanics. My car was towed there by the Auto Club who said even though he wasn't on the AAA approved list, he was good. This must have been his cousin ! He repaired a transmission seal on my car which became a disaster. Once I made it home on limp mode since he ruined a speed sensor in my car, the mechanic took photos of the lines they had cut in half and then re did with blue masking tape. I still have the photos. Don't go there for major work. It will be done by guys who are not true mechanics and do not even know that you do not cut wires. It was sloppy work and my transmission never worked right again until hundreds of dollars more were spent to repair the damage done. I was taken advantage of since I was a tourist.
5	My car was overheating and I didn't know why. I took it to my usual mechanic and he told me to just change the cap. I  bought a new radiator cap and my car STILL over heated. Ugh. So then, a family member recommended me to Nacho's. I went there today and he told me to pop the hood. He asked me a question, "Is the A/C on?" I said, "Yes sir, and that's the only time it overheats." He quickly diagnosed it by looking at the fan. lol  Nacho said my fan wasn't working therefor it wasn't supplying the radiator with its much needed air. He ordered the part. I came back an hour later once he received it and he installed the new fan within 25minutes. By the way, Nacho also spotted other malfunctions that my car has been needing attention but my usual mechanic never advised me on. Bye old mechanic. Hello new mechanic. :)I drove the whole day through this hot las vegas weather on my 1999 acura with the a/c full blast and NO MORE overheating!!! so happy. Fast service, Reliable diagnosis, and will come back and refer friends. Thanks Nacho!
4	This auto repair shop is a hidden gem! The location isn't ideal but the services provided are superb. Ignacio (Nacho the owner) is very humble and takes pride on how he treats his customer. He goes above and beyond and checks for anything else that might need your attention while servicing your vehicle. He'll explain to you what's urgent and what can wait, along with other options that you might be interested in. My boyfriend has used him for 3 vehicles over the years. Anyone looking for an honest mechanic should check him out.
5	Thank you Nacho and the team for repairing my truck with excellent service and care.  I have gone to nacho twice already for my 1995 Tacoma truck repairs he has been  honest to me and straight up with all my questions and concerns with my truck. Thank you also to Christian Who came quickly to come tow my truck to. I work in the service industry here in Vegas for over 23 years now and they delivered excellent customer service and quick response I couldn't ask for anything more thanx again !
