4	I don't know what compelled me to write a review for this place 4 years later since moving from Las Vegas. Maybe it's because I secretly miss my life there or because I just want to listen to myself talk (or read what  I type??). Anyway, I have many fond memories at this place. Many a times I went here, just a few blocks from where I used to live, and drink myself into a drunken stupor. Me and my best friend would play kiosk bar games, drink budlight like the end of the world was coming and oogle over the bartender in a Minnesota Vikings jersey, who was unfortunately married.Great atmosphere. Good food. Can't remember if the drinks were reasonable in price, seeing as how it has been 4 years since I have been there and the economy was in a better position, but that all remains to be seen. Maybe when I go to Vegas in July I will pay homage to this place and update you all on that. Until then, Timbers will always be a fond memory of my past
5	LOVE this place! The food is great, the pitchers are the coldest I have EVER had and the price is right. There is happy hour like twice a day and its worth checking out. Oh and the PM bartenders and waitresses are wonderful. I love this place. I'm not sure they are all created equal (The Timbers) but who wants to chance it?
4	The food at this place tastes amazing for a bar! I like going during the day when there isn't so many people though because it can get loud super loud. They have a lot of gambling promos and poker machines at the bar. Coupons can also be found in the newspaper on occasion.The people are friendly. The menu is well rounded and has lots of American classics. There are quite a few locations in town. Eat here!
1	First time coming here. The bartenders were cool, but the waitress (cocktail server/whatever) was really rude. I couldn't even ask her anything. It was as if I was interrupting her by asking her any questions. It was weird and I felt uncomfortable. Probably not coming back.
1	Never coming here again found hair in my to go food
4	Best Chicken Nachos!!
3	So I went back. I got better service from the same server. But maybe it was because I came in with an older crowd. I used to be a server, so I'm not naive to the fact that people are judged by the way they look/how old they are...maybe she was having a better day. who knows? just wanted to give an update.
5	Great locals bar. The servers are great, foods not bad, stiff drinks.
4	I had to admit i dont walk into bars often but my boss insisted that we go here for lunch with a business partner of ours and to my surprise this place had really awesome food. It wasnt super greasy as i had assumed. But anyhow the prices are well reasonable and the waitress working that day was super friendly and informative with the lunch menu. Props Timbers! Def will be back for lunch again.
4	What can I say about this place more than I love it! Nothing fancy, but they have good beer, bar food and pretty cool clientele. They always have happy hour and reverse happy hour, so no matter what time it is you can have a good excuse to visit the bar. They are open 24 hours and they are all over town. Also they have pool tables, so  in case you are bored looking at the Tvs that's always a fun option
3	Decent food, good drinks, and good service. Nice atmosphere for a late night snack and drink
4	I love this place! The food is good, portions are guaranteed to fill you up, prices are reasonable, and the staff is friendly. Timbers also has the best spinach dip in town! Ask for it extra brown and you WILL thank me later!My only compliant and the reason I gave it a 4 instead of 5 is that it is really smokey inside. You definitely leave smelling like a fire place.
4	I like this bar. My husband and I like to come here once in awhile and we actually win every so often which is nice. They always comp our drinks when we play even when we get into a serious conversation the bartender keeps our drinks coming and doesn't do the insulting little "are you playing, are you playing, you need to be hitting the max bet button once a second for as long as you are sitting in front of the machine" bs that a lot of bartenders at local bars do and I really appreciate that. The food is yummy but it takes awhile to get if you go on graveyard like we do.I'd love to have a virgin pina colada while I gamble, but they never seem to have pina colada mix - c'mon, I'm in the service industry, I'm not a scrub, I tip nicely, especially for frozen drinks.
5	We went for brunch after a friend posted a picture of the most delicious looking Bloody Mary. We got one, it was delicious!! It was pretty empty,11am on a Sunday, but the bartender welcomed us in, and the waittress was super nice and friendly. The food was great!
5	Love this bar! Ashley is my fav bar tender so nice and knows how to make a good martini ;)
5	Woo hoo great time
5	This place is great . All the napkins u could ask for . Valerie is an awesome bartender. Defiantly will be back!!!!
4	Wife and I go here a lot and the machines are good and so is the service Quick drinks  makes losing better iif your unlucky
4	Friendly staff, good music, the food was good, especially the green chile salsa. but...  the Wif was very sloooooww...
4	Very friendly staff, I would say the only drawback is that there are too many "regulars"..... At least during the week...I sat there playing some slots, and person after person walked in and the whole bar would say, "hey Joe, where's Sandra?"Lol I mean it was endless.This is not the fault of the bar or the staff, so still gave 4 stars, just got a little old after awhile...... I'm sure different during the weekend, at least I hope. Food was excellent, great service.Am I just jealous I was not one of the regulars? Lol don't know
4	My wife and I decided to give this place a try. We went rather late so it was virtually empty. We were greeted by Brittani as soon as we walked in. She was tending bar as well as waiting tables. The service was excellent. My wife had wings for an app. and sliders. She said the wings had an after taste like dishwater, hence the four stars, but really liked the sliders. I had a burger which was quite good. After eating we gave the video poker a try. At first it seemed like they were tight but we wound up leaving with more money than we showed up with.They have quite a few TV's so I would imagine this place gets crowded during games but I'm quite OK with that. Overall our experience was enjoyable and we will be coming back.
4	Greeting and drinks took longer than I would've liked, but the food was worth the wait.  If not for the wait, I'd give them 5 stars.  Breakfast all day (24 hours) with great prices and good sized portions.  My drink was properly strong (but not over poured) and the bacon had a delightful smoky taste.  We'll definitely be back!
5	Always a good time with Val at the bar. Nice quiet gaming bar with excellent food, loose machines, and great service.
