4	Website updated on the hour.  Clean.  Friendly and knowledgeable staff.  Odd location.
5	Keep up all the good work at the Humane Society.
3	As much as I love the idea of saving a poor helpless animal from being put to death this place could use some work if they intend to adopt animals out! First and foremost the customer service here is terrible. My parents have visited the shelter on more than one occasion to view the dogs ready for adoption and have yet to be greeted with a friendly helping hand. If they had they would have a dog right now. Its hard to enquire about a dog when no one or information is available regarding the dog. In addition I believe adoption fees ranging from $175.00 to $350.00 are a bit much especially considering the funding the Dane County Humane Society receives.  Perhaps they should consider arranging discounted fees with vet services they use.  I understand it does cost a great deal of money to home an animal which should be taken into consideration by the adoptee however you shouldnt have to spend hundreds to get a dog. I mean considering they put thousands of dogs to sleep each year!!! Nonetheless if you can rescue a animal from here...There is no greater gift than the gift of life!
5	We adopted our dog from DCHS a few months ago, and couldn't be happier with our experience there. It was after about 5 visits that we met her, and instantly fell in love with her. During each of those visits we had great experiences with the staff there - they were all very friendly, patient and helpful. We witnessed others receiving the same level of service. They seem really interested in pairing the dogs up with the right people. Betsy M.: perhaps your parents should revisit this shelter. Help is readily available, and there is a wealth of information about each dog attached to their kennel, and you can get their whole health folder upon request. Additionally, the adoption fees are almost always $175, though they are $250 for a puppy or $275-350 for a "highly desirable" breed (which I think they rarely label dogs as that - all of the dogs we encountered, including purebreds, were the standard $175). Considering that all of their dogs are spayed/neutered, microchipped, updated on most vaccinations, and given vet exams, I don't think that their rates are unreasonable. In fact, they were lower than two other local shelters not related to the Humane Society.I have often heard how they do put so many dogs to sleep here, and it does upset me a great deal. However, rather than avoid them for that, I think it's all the more reason why we should adopt our dogs and really be able to rescue them. Avoiding a shelter because of that will not help the animals. PLEASE consider adopting before you look to a pet store or a breeder!
2	We had to surrender a dog here after a horrible experience getting one from a different rescue.  On the phone and in an hour and a half interview along with our vet calling, we stated the dog was not to go back to the rescue.  We waited and waited to see our dog come up on the website and she never did.  After a week, I called DCHS and found out that pretty much immediately after I had left, the worker who had checked us in called the rescue and our dog was picked up the next day.  DCHS didn't even have her for 24 hours and even admitted they knew nothing about the rescue they sent her back to.  Over a month later and she still is not adopted from the other rescue and our feelings and needs were totally dismissed.  NOT humane treatment in this case.
5	A few months back we adopted a second dog from DCHS and were once again thrilled with the level of service we received. It was a several hour process because my bf went to meet the dog first, and then after he fell in love with him, I came along with our other dog to meet him. We had adopted our first dog from DCHS a little over a year prior to this and absolutely love her (and yes, spoil her). We thought the staff handled the introduction of the dogs flawlessly. They let each dog sniff out the room alone, and then had my bf and I watch through windows as they introduced the dogs. They kept the atmosphere positive and free from distractions, while slowly giving them more and more space to interact. The dogs were buddies from the start and have continued to be best friends. Once again, we were thrilled with the staff and the whole process. Also like the resale shop set up in the hall, very cool! Remember to support animal shelters and rescues! Buying an animal from a pet store or a breeder means denying a shelter animal a chance at life. Anyone who has ever adopted an animal will confirm that they are the best!
1	I love dogs and feel bad for all of them that are in there.  That being said, I think that they would be better off elsewhere.  This place, since its run by the county) is filled with lazy uncaring employees.  I will goto a breeder or find a
2	I went to the main location to adopt a dog for my mother who is handicapped and cannot come in to get her own dog.I had to see out help and I stood there waiting for someone to talk to me ( I was looking at them like hellloooo) and they were all at the counter all socializing and ignoring everyone. Why are they letting people wander around the place unescorted as well. I have lived in other places and NO ONE runs a shelter like this. You have to protect the animals from children who might poke fingers and get bit. Finally I went to the counter and asked someone :Can you help me?  The volunteer who was very distracted and bored to talk to me told me  she had to come in to meet the dog otherwise they would not adopt a dog to her. I was like THIS MAKES NO SENSE SHE IS A WHEELCHAIR.I called later and a real employee apologized but too late I ended up getting a wonderful animal on Craigslist instead.Dear DCHS train your volunteers better animals lives depend on it.I was not greeted no one looked at me very unfriendly place for being such fancy building there is hardly any space for actual animals. I went to look at the cats and they were all out of their cages and you only had a small to view at the entryway. I like their satellite centers the Mounds one on University is a great place to meet and hang out with a new fur family friend to be.I got a cat there and it was an awesome experience.
