3	Jimmy Jacks has been in business since the 60's, don't know the exact year, but my older brother use to eat there as a kid and he is now 53 years old. This place looks like a dump and  is located in high crime area, try and look past the crack whores and drug deals and you will find good hot wings and burgers. The fried chicken is pretty good too. Prices are really cheap, you can eat breakfast for like $3 bucks.
4	I love the throwback charm of this place.  Something about the prices seem from another time, too: $2.45 for roast beef, pork tenderloin, fish or chicken sandwiches$1.25 for a grilled cheese85 cents for an egg sandwicha half-pound burger for $2.75...all without the social stigma of walking past my hippie neighbors with a McDonald's bag.I'm a workout fiend and eat-healthy-90%-of-the-time nut (okay, 75% when stressed or womanning out), and then the other 10% allows for the infrequent but narsty blowouts of fried mushrooms, french fries, 69-cent hamburgers and other American classics of their ilk at Jimmy Jack's.  It takes me back to a simpler time that I am too young to remember, when doctors smoked in exam rooms and cocaine was not a controlled substance.I wouldn't make assumptions about who is a crack whore or a drug dealer here.  I've mostly just seen hardworking blue collar-types pulling up in company trucks to meet up for a late dinner together and a cig break with the boys, or girls walking up for a milkshake.  I have trudged through sad and dangerous parts of Washington, DC at 4 in the morning, past stinking striped mattresses set ablaze and real prostitutes and dealers on real crack.  No comparison.Though much of JJ's menu is fried, each item tastes like what it is -- chicken, fries, mushrooms -- and not like fish, shrimp (also served there) or everything that's been in the fryer the past month.  I would suspect they do a decent job of changing their oil as nothing was the telltale dark brown color or taste of food fried in sick tallow.Service out of the little takeout window is quick and pleasant.  There's a little ramada area connected to the kitchen with picnic tables if you want to eat on the property.It's a solid three stars, with one extra doled out because of its history, uniqueness, their ridiculously reasonable prices and the relative difficulty of finding inexpensive fried mushrooms to go in the Phoenix area.  I qualify this rating with "...for fast food."  I am never in this part of town, and it is worth the special trip from the Grand/Roosevelt area.
4	Okay, I think I saw the alleged crackwhore twice. But maybe she just has Parkinson's....from doing a shit ton of crackStill, she doesn't make me feel unsafe and she is typically dressed very well. Business-casual. Corduroy blazer.
4	very good little burgers the area may look dangerous, but that's how old neighborhoods look like in this part of town right off the side of Van Buren Street. Don't hate the people or the area but enjoy the food from when we have little ma and pa stop n go take -outs the employees are very nice and yes they do take phone orders. I have eaten here alot so don't judge a book by it's cover remember just cause it looks bad in the area doesn't mean the food is!
4	Old and dingy burger stand gracing a part of town many folks would care not to venture over to.  The menu has a variety of options from burgers to wings to Mexican food.  Prices are cheap.  For under $6 I was able to get two cheeseburgers, a large sack of fries and a gigantic Dr. Pepper.  Great cheap eats.  Old school at its finest.  Don't expect anything fancy.  Even the trash cans are old.  If you're worried about the location just drop by during the day (though I don't think the night time would be any different).  My visit was void of the colorful characters mentioned in the other reviews.At the end of the day Jimmy Jack's is better than any McDonald's or Burger King.  Give a local establishment a shot.  I shall return.
3	I was drawn here by the history of the place as well as the iconic sign posted on yelp.  The sign is gone, and any air of nostalgia from yesteryear has gone with it.  I landed here in search of a burger after being turned away at tommys down the street (they are remodeling).  The prices are incredibly low so I decided to give it a shot with a dollar burger and dollar fry.  While the burger was small (like mcds) - it tasted like Whataburger.  It was good enough for me to order a second and make it a double!  If I lived in the area I would definitely choose this place over other fast food joints - the frys are pretty good.  But it's not the kinda place I would drive across town for.  Overall - great value,  decent food.   If you remember the original Lennys before they tore it down - thats the vibe here.
5	I'm sorry but I cannot NOT give this place five stars. I know it's hood. I know it's cash only. I know it's host to many shady shady characters. I know this because I can't stop going back. It's all in the Jimmy Jack's experience! I'll tell you this. I've never been accosted by anyone here. The food has always been hot and the prices are a value. The ladies who work the window have always been friendly and prompt. And I've always been able to find parking and a place to sit here. What's there not to like?
