5	The best staff ever, they go above and beyond what is required. They do so much to make you feel welcome.
1	Basically, do NOT live here. Management says they have no record of break-ins, yet I was the one who told them about 2 specifically, one being my own place. Horrible management, horrible noise, horrible neighbors. Yeah, the apartments are nice, but who cares about granite countertops when you can't even sleep at night?!
1	I'm an adult who is done with college and the college experience, therefore, I HATE living here.  Living around kids is one thing.  Living around irresponsible drunks who have their mommy and daddy pay for them to live so they have nothing to do but get drunk, have their friends over to party, and make the lives of anyone who just wants a quiet living experience and make it to work on time rested hell is another.  And they just keep multiplying!  If I could take the inside of my apartment and move it anywhere away from the delinquents that make up this community, I would in an instant.  My apartment is so nice and roomy, but there is no sound proofing so I am forced to listen to my neighbors partying 7 days a week.  Watch your step, otherwise you will be wearing dog poop or vomit on all your shoes, hide your belongings because it's almost a guarantee that your car or place will be broken into (yes my car was broken into as well-50% of the posters here have been subject to a break in...hmmm), and don't come with a nice car because it will be keyed and hit- repeatedly.  The pool is happening.  If you are a tattoo wearing, hip-hop loving (they even bring their own DJ), beer drinking (at noon on a Monday), hookah smoker come on down!  You've got hundreds of friends waiting for you at Wesley Village.  The staff here will welcome you with open arms, watch you vomit in the pool, swim with your puppy, smoke your bong, and say "Welcome home! Would you like a T-shirt?" (yes, I've seen all of these happen while the staff was working.  The pool is attached to the office and nothing was addressed). They need to close this place down to the public and just offer it to Johnson and Wales as off campus housing.  They openly market it to them anyway considering they had a catered open house for them just a few weeks ago.  It's very apparent that's the demographic they want.  It's evident they don't care to have responsible adults renting here.  They want mommy and daddy's auto withdrawal bank account and the ability to say they have a lot of social activities.  It's a private school, they know pops can pay overpriced rent, and, with the way these children behave, I'm can guarantee mommy and daddy are more than happy to pay top dollar to get their little darlings out of their house.  I don't buy that the Charlotte Law students that live here act like this.  If they do, they won't be here next year anyway so they aren't really much of a concern.Warning to the people that move in after the delinquents move out.  They will have trashed your place. These apartments, although aesthetically beautiful, weren't built well, so you will probably have massive maintenance issues.  But, if you're a student, who cares right?  You just need a place to smoke your weed and do your keg stands.  Who cares if anything works.  And the staff at Wesley Village not only will let you, they'll promote it.  Do your research on this community and you'll see a common theme.  Those that love it always mention the pool and the 'social' aspect of the community.  It is social.  Just like my dorm in college.  When I was 21, I didn't care about the vomit outside my door in the morning or the parties.  The people that hate it, all say the exact same thing.  It's a matter of priorities.  Before you rent here, ask yourself what your priorities are.
3	I've had my car scraped on the side window when I parked at a parking spot during a weekend and recently had my car rared ended when parked and no one left a note.  Trash was not picked up for more than 2 occasions even though you left them out exactly the way you are supposed to, in accordance to their guidelines.
1	Horrible. Horrible. Horrible. Management attempted with all their might to make you feel you are a non- human. Just when I thought they have done away that 1/4 of a human attitude in the South, this place is the BEST reminder that the management members are religious observers of the rule.If you wanted to be treated with nastiness by on-site staff, get a taste with your left and right face enotionally slapped in a minute short talked down and be crushed with their sacasm in the form of insults in between every verb, this is absolutely THE home for you. Not only would you have to pay the market rate of an arm and a leg for this poorly constructed, non-sound proof wooden board room, you will have to pay double that getting counseling service and taking valium calming your nerves of constant slapping of doors from your neighbors on the floor above and those below.Go and I dare you to rent a unit in this fabulous complex and enjoy the royal treatment of a certain member ( darker complex, female staff's) claws and triple crush down iron fist! You must follow her rules to the T or you will live like the "Last House on the Left"Happy getting verbally attacked and live your dream of nightmare. Not only would you be ignored, you will and could feel the discrimination so deliberately and elaborately delivered by their management members, especially for you.  They would just walked away while you were still talking and speaking to them.  If you want to complain to upper management, they kept changing property management (changed three within a 2-year period).  Then your unit, your name and your lease will be targeted, documented, with a file 5-inches thick.  If you do anything wrong, you will be out of there and I can guarantee you, your farewell gift will be a mount load of humilitation and inconvinence to the highest degrees, just a bit of shy of having your belongings thrown into your face and your hands, handcuffed by the police.  In fact, there is at least one or two police vehicles on site investigating, two to three times a day.  Not long ago, in the parking lot facing the west gate of the unit, there was a dead body found.  I was told by the post man that there were crimes on the site that management purposefully concealed.Here is the news article in abstract,"The body of 50-year-old Johnny Lewis Potts was discovered around 6:30 a.m. in a parking lot across from the Wesley Village Apartment complex near the intersection of Freedom Drive and Morehead Street."http://m.wbtv.com/ms/p/a3/92/view.m?id=124279&storyId=15208050&news=Top%20Stories&news2=MainIf there is a way to give 0.00000001 star, I would.
4	Wow, reading some of the previous reviews I almost wonder if they weren't posted by rival rental properties! I've lived in Wesley Village for a year and a half, and have no plans to move until I buy a place. Love it. The management and staff are extra helpful and friendly, the units are beautiful and the clubhouse is so fly, I like to take my out of town guests over there just to drop their jaw a little. Free yoga twice a week, free coffee and freshbaked cookies every morning, saltwater pool that's perfect if you go during the week (not crowded at all until weekends), 24-hour gym access...they even threw a Thanksgiving party with turkey and trimmings. The biggest issue I have is people not pooper scooping their dogs, and one motorcycler who insists on taking up an entire parking space.It's a bit expensive for Charlotte, but coming from Miami (or any other big city), it's a laugh. WV is cool with me!
1	Treated like a sub human and will not diverge any details due to retaliation from property management.  If you want the details, I will let you know in private PM.  If your identity cannot be verified or you seem to have a new account, due to fear of property management retaliation, I will not share the details of the incidents.
