4	If you are looking for some really hip fashions then Buckle is for you. Last year I purchased three super gorgeous scarves and I just recently put a pair of Buckle Jeans and shirt on layaway....Yes Buckle has layaway!Amber was my associate and was super helpful in finding just the right pair of Jeans and made a few insightful suggestions for tops...I really like this store and it seems to me a bit Rock n Roll...So hell ya!
1	I will never ever come back at this store again, one staff is very rude!
4	I ended up at The Buckle at Fashion Show to buy a special order Christmas gift for a family member. Here's how I break down my experience. Service: 4 Stars. Selection: 4 Stars. Pricing: Muwahaha, they ain't cheap. But if it's what someone wants you pay it and move on. Special Orders: If it's not in the store they'll order it. And they will call you when it comes in. But if you order two or more items don't be surprised if they come in a day apart so you get to make 2 trips to Fashion Show. Which can be a good or bad thing. The service was so helpful and friendly I'm almost tempted to give that coveted 5th Star...but having to make 2 trips to get my stuff will keep me from clicking on it.
3	Went here last night; been curious, not too many of these stores in the city.Nice styles on the displays up above in the ladies section, showed lovely layering ideas for winter- those displays were the best part of the store. Some brands I noticed were Billabong and Columbia- all full price, retail, $69 for a sweater. I spotted some warm winter sweaters that I liked, but they were not stocked, not anywhere to be seen, so if you wanted one to try on, I wonder if you'd have to ask the clerk for the one on the mannequin, that is, assuming it is your size. The salesman working on restocking did acknowledge me when I walked in, and told me that the section I was browsing were the New Styles. Nice to browse, especially for ideas. The ladies shirts were not my style- Ed Hardy type, flashy, glittery types. The mens section was definitely more stocked than the ladies section.
5	Kyle "aka pumpkin" provided great customer service! He has pretty eyes and a nice smile. LoL Love this store. They had everything we need to upgrade our "going out" attire. They also had some great sales going on too.
1	The people seem friendly. . . at first, but after you get shopping it all goes downhill. I was there on a mid Friday afternoon, they were busy, but after working retail 5 years myself it was highly manageable for the amount of staff they had on hand. One of the sales ladies commented on the shorts I was wearing and then showed me to the latest styles they had. After INSISTING multiple times that I was there for tops NOT shorts she KEPT showing me shorts!! Even after handing me off to another girl when she went on break they COULDN'T"T get it through their stupid heads that I was there for TOPS and DRESSES!! Finally I got into the dressing room (which is a pain since they are locked and only a few associates have keys) and of course NO one checked on me. I'm slow and meticulous when trying stuff on so that was a good 20 minutes+ of neglect. Finally I came out with one top (I would have had more had someone been there to grab me another size because HELL if I was gonna wait for another key bearer to let me into a room). I went to the register. After standing there with NO recognition for over 5 minutes I left without buying anything. I'm a patient woman but if you don't even say "Hey I'll be right with you" AKA "I know you're there" then I'm out.Total waste. Don't shop there. If you want NO service and hip clothes just hit up Forever 21. Maybe not as good quality but at least you're not paying for shitty service. Hell you know its bad if it finally got me to sign up for Yelp lol.
5	Amazing service! Ask for Brittany or Taylor. Only thin is that sometimes I really am just looking for what will catch my eye. Let me breath! Other than that amazing.
2	This buckle is disconnected from the rest of the buckle stores and does not uphold the same level of personal service that you'll find at other stores in Vegas.
