5	I'm going to start off by saying that I'm truly grateful that they finally opened up two new Yogurtland businesses where I live (Northwest Vegas). I don't have to waste gas and drive all the way to Town Square just to fulfill my craving for frozen yogurt.This location being the closest to me, I drove there with my cousins from New York & my brother a few days after it opened. We fell in love with this place. It's bigger than the one at Town Square and it's so clean. No complaints here. Also the girl who worked there was super duper nice! Frozen yogurt + cheap price = perfect.
5	Finally, a Yogurtland that I don't have to drive 10 miles to get to!  Our usual Friday night haunt has been the Yogurtland on Flamingo, so we've been anxiously awaiting the opening of this branch.  And it didn't disappoint.It's larger than Flamingo, and has a nicer outdoor area, since it shares the patio with Firehouse Subs and Create.  It's the same great froyo, and clean as a whistle.  My only complaint is that they need to have a napkin dispenser near the machines, as they do at Flamingo.  Those tiny tasting cups can get very messy!We hit this two nights in a row, with a visit to the Flamingo location thrown in to make it a Yogurtland Trifecta Week!
5	I suddenly realized, at 10pm, that I desperately wanted a nice little bowl of froyo. I hunted around and found this little spot. Open to 11pm, and less than a mile away. It's fate, obviously.The store is like most of the others around here, bright and cute, but with the added bonus of a Hello Kitty Theme, which is an obsession for me. The froyo was quite good, probably the best I've had in the area, with a number of gluten free and fat free options to choose from, if that's your bag.I tried the madascar vanilla, which seemed to be about the same as french vanilla to me, pecans and pralines, and the red velvet cake, which was fat free. All were spot on. Even my boyfriend likes this place.And yes, I'm the weird one who takes her Hello Kitty spoons home. :P
5	Love this place.  Very clean unlike some of the competitors.  Great choices of flavors and toppings.  I don't mind that don't have a punch card because their yogurt is good and well worth it.
5	Yay!!!! I'm so happy there is a Yogurtland on this side of town (right next to Create), with inside and patio seating, it's open late and very reasonably priced. Oh and there's a huge array of flavors that change seasonally. They definitely have the competition beat when it comes to variety of flavors and toppings (U-Swirl, did you hear that?).One of my biggest complaints about froyo is the consistency. I recently overcame an addiction to frozen custard (Luv It..mmmmmm) and the creaminess just can't be found in froyo. In fact, it doesn't even come close. Yougurtland froyo isn't as watery/icy as other froyo joints though. I really think the texture of this yogurt is a bit thick and dense - not quite creamy, but closer than any other froyo-except TCBY, RIP:-(My new fav - Yo Frappe....oh it's a sweet blend of caramel, chocolate and mocha - major yummy in my tummy! This just so reminds me of a caramel macchiato I mixed it with Devil's Food Cupcake Batter. Sounds like a chocolate/coffee lover's wet dream! Parking is going to be a major bitch though:-( This is sure ganna taste great on a Vegas sweltering summer day!
5	I really like yogurt as a breakfast. I take my little cup of Greek yogurt to the office every morning, slowly eat it during our lame morning meetings, and I'm set. So the concept of eating frozen yogurt at dinner time seemed kinda strange. But, man, am I convert!I walked in here and was amazed by all the flavors. I can't tell you I have any clear favorites right now, but they're all pretty good! I got a few different ones mixed up in my cup, added a ton of kiwis and strawberrys and gummy worms for toppings, and...man... delicious. The frozen yogurt alone was good and could almost merit a trip out here. But the toppings? The toppings are literally the cherry on top!The best thing about all this is that I had a ton of healthy froyo for like $4. That's awesome!
5	I LOVE YOGURTLAND! I discovered it just a couple of weeks ago and I have already been here three times. They have tons of flavors and a massive array of toppings to choose from. I always create a ridiculous chocolate-peanut butter concoction and I always, without fail, end up with way more in my cup than I intended. The space is cute, the yogurt is creamy and sweet (they do have a tart option if you're into that) and I have yet to meet a flavor I didn't like (I recently tried taro, which was delicious!). It's also really fun to create your own personalized dessert. YUM.
4	The place was very clean and the workers are very friendly. There are many different flavors of yogurt and the topping bar was ok. But I like my toppings mini or bite size. Everything was almost full size beside the fruits was cut pretty big which many people like but it's very inconvenient to eat. I don't like taking a bite and spitting it out or use my hand to eat half of it. The fruits are not in season and was all bitter.sigh. There are many candy toppings and cookies which is not very healthy but whatever. The parking area is very small and tight.
5	I came here after I went to create for a desert becuase I didnt want custerd.When I came they had two diffrent chocolates and two diffrent vanilla.I got german chocolate and 2 diffrent ones but i forgot what.The nice thing here is that they have A LOT of diffrent topping,toppings other places dont have vinnila cookies and a hole bunch of candies and other things and its cheap thats whats nice!
5	I love the fact that it is self-serve.  I can really stop in here for just a small treat, if I don't want a super-sized dessert.The place is always very clean and well stocked, though sometimes the fruit is unripe.  My favorite combo is the plain yogurt with mochi, mango and Fruity Pebbles- it's  creamy, chewy, crispy and fruity all at once!
5	I LOVE this location, I'm here at least once a week! I love all the toppings, the flavors of yogurt and that it's a healthy alternative to ice cream. I also love that its self serve, and you weigh it! Fruit always looks fresh, candy,cookies and crumbs are always neat and cleanThey also give a 10% military discount with ID card! I also enjoy the outdoor seating on hot summer nights.I hope they never get rid of the red velvet, I'll be SO sad! Only complaint, parking lot is kinda tight, but that isn't their fault!
5	Delicious place, and the toppings are always fresh.
4	Not as good as the Flamingo location, but definitely ok.
4	I'm not sure what it is about Yogurt that screams "14 year old girls," but this place is literally crawling with high school girls and their silly gossip. I feel like a creepy old guy just showing up in this place but I do enjoy me some Fro-yo so I brave the jungle of prepubescence and get to enjoy lots of yummy flavors and a myriad of toppings. Unfortunately every once in a while you get a bad day of flavors where a few seem to be very similar but it isn't the end of the world. Now if only I could have this place to myself it would be perfect!
5	My family and I love Yogurtland!!! Great variety, and a lot of topping to chose from, candies, fresh fruit etc etc. Cheesecake bites are my favorite.Its always Very clean and friendly staff.
4	My GF's kid loves this place. (its down the street from a high school so expect kids to be working and hanging out here)  I was a bit skeptical as I am a die-hard soft serve ice cream guy and love DQ's Blizzards but she reassured me it was just like ice cream and that I could even make an Oreo Blizzard like cup if I so desired; that convinced me and we've been three times in so many weeks nowOn my first trip I noticed how clean the store was; how inviting the employees were; they encouraged you to sample flavors so you could pick the perfect one or combine two or more for your pallet. I went with the black raspberry and as I approached the condiment section I was overwhelmed by the selection; I'm sure some math geek could tell you exactly how many combinations could be made but I'm conservatory guessing a few thousand would be easily done.  The yogurt isn't like the stuff you buy in cups at the grocery store and is just like soft serve ice cream so I was doubly impressed with it. I don't know the health benefits of it as it tasted way to sweet to be good for you and if you add any toppings your diet/calorie count will be way off;  That being said; Gummy Bears/Worms are a bad ice cream/yogurt topping. Super cold worms/bears are hard to chew and if you are going with topping due it sparingly as much fun as it seem to load your cup up you might miss the best part of the adventure the yogurt itself. Keep up the good work!
5	Love it here. Very good selections. Love the add on selection and love the fact that there's good customer service. They also give you sample cups. My favorite is strawberry lemonade and the smores. Differently try it guys!
4	good tasty yogurt.but looked at calorie counts and now i know why lol...i will return
4	I like Yogurtlands flavors so I'm a fan generally. This location, at least when I visited, is bustling for a winter day compared to other locations. Good for them, but a bit annoying as this place is crawling with oblivious children and teens. It could be they are running a stamp card special for the holidays. 3stamps get 3oz free then you keep your card and when you hit 6 stamps 12oz free. Make sure to grab one! Plus of this location is its near a lot of restaurants so easy to do dinner and then dessert.
3	I hope that my next update will let me bump this back up to 5 stars, because that's what it should be.Our spicy Ethiopian dinner cried out for froyo, and Yogurtland is always our #1 choice.  Tonight, though, the Lake Mead location shouldn't have been it.  It's open until 11 pm and we got there at 10:15.  I noticed that at least half of the chairs inside were stacked up.  We took a bit of time tasting, then choosing our flavors, but not that long, because we don't add toppings.  As soon as we paid, I started to walk to the seating area and an awful smell assailed all my senses.  One of the workers, mop in hand, was mopping the floors.  The smell of the cleaner was so nauseating and pervasive, there was no way I was going to be able to eat, let alone enjoy, my froyo.I vividly remember an experiment my ninth-grade science teacher did in class.  She blindfolded several students, held a food item under their noses, then put a different food in their mouths.  When she asked them to identify what they'd eaten, invariably they said they'd eaten the item held under their noses.  Smells directly affect taste, and so I knew I could never eat the yogurt while smelling Lemon Pine Sol, or whatever that ghastly stuff was.When we go to Yogurtland, we like to chill out (pun intended), take our time, and savor the experience.  Instead, we had to pack it up and take it home, and deal with the dog jumping up to try to get his share.  If a food establishment is open until 11, that's when they should be bringing out the big-guns cleaning supplies, not when customers are EATING, or would like to.  This ain't Home Depot, where it wouldn't matter, and I'm pissed.I'm writing this update with the hope that the owners of this franchise (and every other one they own in Vegas) will take notice and deal with this situation so that it doesn't happen again.
4	Yogurtland is quick and easy for a fro-yo fix. If you scan the code at the register they will usually give you a free ounce, which is always welcomed in my book. You can also show them that you've checked in via Foursquare and it works the same way. Depending on the location, they have a great variety of flavors, but the problem I've found is that the actual machines dispense slower than molasses; which of course is undesireable. The decor is fresh and there's always a great energy at each location. I really like the global checkin they have at some of the flavor stations. :)
5	I love a good cup of frozen yogurt.  So far Yogurtland is my favorite chain to visit!  This one is pretty close to my house too, so it makes it even more tempting.  What draws me into a place like Yogurtland is it's layout and decor.  I love the modern style of most of the Yogurtland interiors, it's kinda like an IKEA!  I love the straight lines, the use of dark wood, the colors.  Yes, to some folks this kind of design in BLAH and BLEH and boring but I love clean.  I am a clean and near-clutter free FREAK.  So I like the minimalism and the organization.  Planning is good!We go here at least once a month.  Myself, I'm more into the yogurt flavors themselves and checking out what Yogurtland has to offer on a monthly basis.  My kids however?  More into the toppings.  Little itty bitty amounts of yogurt, and lots of toppings!  This is what can make your damn cup of frozen yogurt so expensive!  And at the current 35 cents an ounce it can be quite the price for that cup.  Last time, my little one got like 3 tiny hills of yogurt and topped it mochi balls, almonds, gummy worms, cheesecake, and God knows what else...and it ended up costing me $7!  Yeah, watch your kids!I actually like the yogurt and want to try most flavors on every occasion.  But I always stick to my faves:  Taro, Plain Tart, and Coconut.  Yep, you guessed it, I'm Asian!  The only gripe I have sometimes is that Taro is not always in stock with the yogurt machines.  It should be a C-O-N-S-T-A-N-T and never, ever rotated out!  It's kinda what defines Yogurtland as being an Asian-founded frozen yogurt shop!  As for toppings I kinda go light, but I do love the fresh fruit:  strawberries, mango, lychee, pineapple, and blueberries often end up at the party.  Yogurtland froyo makes a yum-yum in my tum-tum.This newer place seems to always be busy - it is after all located in the same area as a Rubio's, Five Guys, and Firehouse Subs.  It's like a one-stop-shop for eats!  Yogurtland is situated right in the middle so it definitely capitalizes in some after meal dessert.  I can only suspect that Yogurtland will get busier as the good ol' Las Vegas summer heat rolls around.  Are you HOT?  Go to Yogurtland!  Not so HOT?  Go somewhere else.  Just kidding!  Yogurtland will give you healthy macrobiotic eats whether you're ugly or not!
5	Try original Tart. It's addictive!Cute, bubbly, bright, and delightful setting!Excellent post movie date location!
4	I LOVE fro-yo. Seriously you can't go wrong. Especially in the Vegas heat....this is the place to go.They have a nice selection of fro-yo to choose from, you're bound to find a flavor you like. Sometimes they'll have special flavors from time to time. You can also ask fro small sample cups to try out what you like or don't like, just ask the employee behind the counter! In addition to the selection of fro-yo there is also plenty of toppings, like fruits that range from the typical berries to pineapples and lychee. There is other toppings like granola nuts, strawberry filled boba, coconut shavings, and much more. For the kids or anyone who likes sweets, there are also candy from chocolate bits to gummy worms.One thing to keep in mind, especially if you have kids, is to watch how much they/you are putting in your cup! Its self serve in there, and price is dependent on the onces.They also offer free "berry infused water" to customers, which is a nice plus.
4	Frozen yogurt was the craze when I was a young 'un growing up in Cerritos, CA--I fondly remember the Penguin's we all used to go to as kids.  But then Penguin's closed and it seemed that the fro-yo craze was over.  Then, it slowly came back and as Las Vegas residents, my son and I would go to Golden Spoon regularly.  Then, we stopped.  Since then, fro-yo was just something I'd have occasionally.  That little hiatus came to a screeching halt in the last month when I heard through the Yelp grapevine that Yogurtland had black sesame vanilla for a limited time--thanks, Suzy H. and Emily R.!  Until May 26th, Yogurtland had the flavor on their menu and I'm sure that I went at least once a week to have the stuff, even when I was in SoCal for Mother's Day weekend.  Between this neighborhood location and the one in Henderson at Eastern and 215, I've made up for lost time.  I discovered black sesame at Perfect Scoop Ice Cream and fell in love with the flavor.  Yogurtland's flavor was awesome paired with their toasted coconut yogurt, topped with mango and mochi, my way to personalize the experience.  I'll miss the flavor and certainly hope it returns soon.  Overall, the yogurt at the chain is tasty and really not too bad for you if you choose the right toppings, which are plentiful, from lychees, kiwi, mango to the more evil ones, like peanut butter cups, cookie dough, Lucky Charm marshmallows, etc.  This place is popular for a reason and it doesn't break the bank for what you can get.  For now, I've had my fill and it's time for another hiatus....until black sesame vanilla returns.
5	This place gets busy and no taro :( But received great help from an employee named Raquel.
4	They have a couple vegan options and tons of different fruits it was very good and worth the price
4	They do have a lot of flavor choices, and they will offer samples. I wish they had some lighter toppings. Where's the coconut? Where's the nuts? They have the marshmellows from Lucky Charms, and that maks up for a lot! Anyway, it's clean, and my natural horror of cups being left out for kids to touch shouldn't be held against them, a lot of people are ok with eating cups that little booger encrusted hands have touched. :)
5	Collectible looney and tunes spoons right now!!new flavors regularly which is great for customers to keep coming back. Yummy yogurt flavors and if you're not sure ask for a little tasting cup. Summer treat, dessert, anytime is a great time for some froyo. :)
5	This place is great! Always a good selection of flavors (switched up week to week) and toppings. Never too crowded. Highly recommended!
4	So worth it! My favorite yogurt place in Vegas.. all the other ones are so runny, yuck.The Home Sweet Home Series isn't bad, but I'm so sad I missed out on Around The World flavors. My favorite of the series is probably pumpkin pie, with white chocolate macadamia as a close second.The red velvet was probably the worst red velvet I've ever had. Also, pecan pralines are not good here, that's the only thing U-Swirl has on Yogurtland.Other than that, I'm a huge fan. Big plus for the fresh kiwi pieces, most places don't even have them.
5	I simply love this place! It is right around the corner from my house makes it so convenient, it is always clean and fast.
5	Awesome place, great yogurt but, why do the put the mango and kiwi all the way in the back?  come on you are paying for it, its just so hard to reach.
5	This place is pretty cool. Granted I haven't been to very many frozen yogurt places, I'm impressed by everything here. Customer service: Both the times I've been here, the person working was kind, courtious , offered free sample cups, and wasn't afraid to talk to you. I appreciate that. A lot. Food: Yummy! I love how you can make your own mix of yogurt. I am usually indecisive so I load in different types depending on my mood. The toppings they have are plentiful and everybody should be able to find at least one thing they like. I also adore how they charge you for how much it weighs instead of what size you get. All and all, I recommend this location and store. Try it out! :D
5	First time here and gotta say .... They do it Right ! Lots of tasty yogurts to pick from and you pick the cup/amount you want. Then you can add some toppings to take it to the next level. Nice atmosphere with ample seating inside and out ... Seems to be a favorite of the children and a good place to celebrate a birthday !
5	Love love love love love this place! Flavors, toppings, cleanliness, and friendliness of the place was sooooo fantastic! I love me some taro yogurt, but when they don't have it at this location, they have other alternative flavors to chose from that are equal to or greater taste. Sometimes I go to the flamingo location for taro though. Toppings were awesome. Love the chocolate sticks addition and of course the chopped almonds. The place is usually clean, but sometimes it gets crowded and one thing leads to another and there's a line. It's worth it though. Great place, great product, great people. I wish I could work there because I'm there with my family and friends every month because it's that good. They have nice discounts for lvac members and point system for people who have yogurtland cards (can get one for free). Definitely recommend this location to anyone looking for a cool treat.
5	Will always love YogurtLand. Haven't been to one location that hasn't had great service. Staff is usually very friendly :) love the freshness of YogurtLand!!!!
4	All the toppings I could ever need :) and discount with my lvac membership! Just wished they had mint more often!
4	Carrot Cake was really good, strong flavor!
3	These days, every froyo place is alike- walk in, pick your flavor, fill your bowl, add toppings, pay, and enjoy.This location was pretty packed at 9PM, mostly with moms and kids (why so late, I have no idea). The line was epically long, backed up by (you guessed it!) moms and kids carefully picking their condiments. Turns out it was a large group, and the line was being held up so they could all pay together- each kid with an individual bowl.I was annoyed before I even picked up my bowl, but by the time I finally got through the line and paid, my yogurt was half melted.  I'm a little annoyed that the employees present didn't do anything to expedite the line or to take care of waiting patrons while the group took their sweet time.Pistachio flavor was surprisingly good, carrot cake was light on flavor, and coffee tasted a bit off- more color than flavor. Fresh fruit toppings were well stocked, and I always appreciate being able to add mochi.
5	Today was my first time at Yogurtland. I've been partial to another place for the past 5 years. But now I'm a convert. Better flavor and topping choices. Cleaner. Fresher. Just all around perfection. I came mid-day for my lunch break. It was not crowded at all. I believe they have a rewards program but the employee didn't offer to tell me about it. I would have asked but...I shouldn't have to ;)I will be back. Probably sooner than is like to admit.
5	Last night my wife picked up her favorite flavor:  Key Lime.Excellent quality frozen yogurt with a huge variety of quality toppings and a large range of flavors.  You'll surely be able to find what you like.Good price too!
5	OMG I try to watch my sugar and fat intake and this fat free frozen yogurt does the trick for me a couple of times a week!!!  Ive tried other Frozen Yogurt places and Yogurtland has THE BEST flavors hands down.  I always get Birthday Cake Frozen Yogurt and Double Cookies and Cream Yogurt side by side.  Not too sweet like other places.  Its perfect!  Doesn't have an artificial taste.  I find it hard to believe it's really fat free :)  They now have #keylime back.  PLEASE KEEP IT!!!!! This should be on the menu EVERYDAY!!!!Clean place, crowded most days but they get you in and out.  Great selection of toppings, always clean and the staff is amazing!
5	Five stars all the way! I was just in 10 minutes before closing and the guy behind the counter was still putting out fresh toppings! Strawberries to be exact :) Place was clean and employees were very friendly! Make sure to ask for a few sample cups so you can try everything like I did ;)
4	Yogurtland is the perfect desert! They give you about 3 little cups so you can try the different flavors, taro is my favorite. Unfortunately, they only carry that flavor at Town Square but they still have many other awesome flavors!
5	YOGURTLAND RULES! When I went to this Yogurtland location, I was greated by a nice employee and was asked if I needed a sample cup. After trying many flavors, I finally decided to get yogurt. Even though the weather was cold outside but yogurt was good to eat. I would definitely recommend here!
