4	This is one of our weekly restaurants.The atmosphere is casual, the service is consistently good, and the food, well it is always excellent!The GM is always available, and has stopped by our table every time we are there.I usually get a different meal each time we visit, and I have yet to be disappointed.  I enjoy the seafood meals, and the Thai Shrimp, .....it is off the chart!Prices are reasonable, and since we are on the e-mail list, we get some special coupons, which can really help.Pictures will follow as we are here at least once every two weeks.NCFoodGuy
1	I received one of their coupon deals via mail. It was for 25% or 50% off the entire meal. I can't remember which. Anyhow, you get into the restaurant and find out that the deal is not for the whole menu, but rather certain sections of the menu. Of course they tell you this after you sit down and are ready to order the most delicious looking meal on the menu, only to find out you can't get a ridiculous discount on it. Should've read the fine print I suppose. The service was ok at first. You never really know until after you've sat down at a restaurant such as this whether you have a competent waiter or not. It turned out our waitress was not a great one. We ordered our food, and it took quite a while for them to cook it. We got in there right about noon on Sunday, right ahead of the Church crowd. Yet it took them about 30 minutes to get the food out to us.  The food was very salty, and the waitress neglected to refill our water.  My family just didn't enjoy the experience. It's funny because I told my brother I was going to take my  parents out to eat at Ruby Tuesdays and he warned me against it saying the food's not that good. But I told him that the deal was good so might as well. If the food was bad and the waitress was good, I could consider going back and chancing it again. But since neither  was good, there's really no point in me going back there again. I would advise against this particular restaurant.
3	I had a birthday coupon for a free burger. We had been going to Ruby Tuesday's pretty regularly over the past year to use emailed special coupons that generally gave us $10 off a meal. As we ate there we came to the conclusion that Ruby Tuesday's food is average at best. So we stopped going.When I received the burger coupon I thought well its free... So my wife and I went to the Ruby Tuesday at Torringdon Place and I had my free burger. I have to say that it really wasn't anything special & I think that's a shame. The closest burger joint is Red Robin over in Torringdon Market and just having the burger wrapped so it doesn't fall apart is such a step upwards that it makes them unique & special. I guess the next time I find myself at Ruby Tuesday's will be for my birthday next year.
4	I live down the road from it and it's the closest place to still offer a salad bar. The salad bar is great and you can get it for a reasonable price as a side item along with your main course.  The menu prices are very reasonable and the service is good. The quality of the food is as expected for a typical mid priced national chain, not great but not by either.
4	I forget about Ruby Tuesday's a lot. I'm not really sure why, I  enjoy the food and service and I LOVE the salad bar but it just never comes to mind when looking for something to eat out.However, after my last visit that will definitely change!My friends and I met for dinner and the place was not that busy. We were promptly seated and our waitress was Lindsey....she was phenomenal! Seriously, adorable, prompt and just seemed to really enjoy her job. I really hope she never loses her charm! She's definitely a big win for the restaurant. We started with drinks....$5 cocktails ALL day...well I don't mind if I do! I ordered a red sangria. It was yummy. It definitely had a good about of alcohol in it and real chucks of apples and berries so that was a nice touch. For my meal, I went with the New Orleans Seafood which is tilapia topped with grilled shrimp in a parmesan cream. For my sides, I chose the salad bar and a baked potato. Okay, little known gem that our adorable waitress offered up....everything on the salad bar is prepared fresh in the kitchen, that means they cut up fresh onions, cucumbers, tomatoes, REAL bacon, eggs, ham...even the potato and pasta salads are prepared fresh in the kitchen. Huge win. Well of course the salad bar was awesome! Two helpful hints: 1. They use REAL bacon. 'Nuff said. 2. Whatever you do....GET the croutons. Seriously, I could eat a plate of them! You'll thank me later. The tilapia and shrimp were winners as well. Excellent size portions, the seasoning was spot on and both paired perfectly with the parmsean sauce. Yum! We left happy, full and with leftovers. And in my book that's good stuff!
3	Four for dinner and we had coupons! Good place to use them.Wife and I were astonished at how different, upscale and better this chain is compared to a few years ago when we were customers.  I had a very nice restaurant feel, rather than being in a sports bar or a fast food joint posing as a restaurant.Service very good, great menu, a wine list with decent wines and the food was very good.Caribbean chicken, petite sirloin and two blackened shrimp/steak combos. All got raves.A comfortable place for a family or date dinner or lunch.  Fine job, Ruby Tuesday.
5	Wife and I went there for dinner yesterday. I started off with the salad bar which was really fresh and was a great choice considering what I ordered next....Ribs and Southerns Style Fired Chicken.The meat fell off the bone on the ribs and chicken tenders were very delicious. I got a couple of glasses of their IPA beer and that finished it off nicely. Obviously we have been to RT many times before but I felt like this time they deserved a good review. The service was very good and it was clean and well kept. I don't usually go to chain restaurants but I guess I can fit RT into my list as a decent one. I don't know it could be a good luck we had that day to get good service and good food so we were happy customers. I have been gone to many chain restaurants, but either it was a hit and miss or they sucked from the beginning. RT has been consistently getting better in the past couple of years and recent several visits. Good for them.
