3	Not a bad option if you're hungry. I got a flier for the restaurant under my door when I went back to my hotel. Given the hotel had only one dining option, I decided to try this place. They even delivered to my hotel for a $3.00 fee, which is not bad given time and gas prices.I had a salad, garlic break, shrimp scampi pasta, and chicken noodle soup. The salad was pretty good, the garlic bread way too oily and not enough garlic, the pasta didn't have quite enough flavor, and the chicken noodle soup was excellent. Given my bill was around $20, I really can't complain - it was at least 30% - 40% cheaper than eating at the hotel, not to mention much more convenient. I'm not sure why the guy didn't deliver to my room tho given they asked for my room number. I'm sure the hotel wouldn't have noticed if he just came straight up to my room since he wasn't in uniform.
4	We order from work. Good food n fast . No complaints !!!!
3	Magura Pizza is not a sit down restaurant! I really thought it was knowing how extensive they're menu is.  There is alot of items to choose from.  From chicken wings to stromboli's! I just ordered a pizza sub w/ mushrooms and sausage.  It was like a pizza on a whole 8" french bread roll, inside like a sub sandwich of course.  It came sitting on top a bed of fries.  Portions are very generous at Maguras.  If you want ranch, you gotta ask for it. I asked for it, and I'm glad I did.  They got some good ranch, not that pre-packaged stuff. The inside is really small, and the kitchen takes up the majority of their space.  Looks a little dirty when you walk in and the workers seem like they don't wanna be there. Cheer up guys!
3	i say A-OK. i have had a few different things from here, i like their pizza but this time i tried a Calzone.  I guess im not really a fan of Calzone' or maybe i was thinking it was a Stromboli..? i dont know but i did not really like the Calzone and i ended up just taking all of the stuff inside and piling it on top of my garlic cheese bread.
1	i ordered via 24 hr food website that I've used before. It took them 1hr and a half to deliver the food even though I live one block away and when I received the order the food was nothing special, dominos is better and cheaper plus they screwed up my order of soup giving me chicken instead of creamy broccoli, which i wanted. If they didn't have it they shouldn't have subbed it, just taken it off the order. Clearly, they care about padding their oder with whatever for pure profitWhen I called, the guy was very rude, lied about calling (idiot, my phone was next to me the entire time. can't bs about calling in this day and age), and tried to argue with me instead of apologizing and fixing it! I WILL NEVER EVER ORDER FROM HERE AGAIN! BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE!
5	always order from work. it is good fast and a reasonable price
1	Firstly, making an order is impossible with the guy that works here. doesnt understand any form of English. Secondly the driver doesnt know how to get to my address.What kind of half rate business and stupid delivery driver do not have google maps or gps? its like being a mechanic and not having tools. DUMB!
5	My family's favorite pizza place in all of Las Vegas. Delicious sauce, quality grade a cheese, handmade dough. I'm from the east coast and I've still had none better. 7.95 carry out special is a huge large 1 topping. I'm so excited to finally find my pizza home. The couple that runs the place is friendly and sweet to my two rambunctious toddlers. Despite the other reviews I've had no language difficulty. This place is 5 star. Love it!
5	Best pizza ever!  I always order from them and the guys always know when I call that it is me! Hahaha they say "the usual buddy" lol I think I eat there to much.  Anyways I strongly recommend eating here! I love their chicken soup also very delicious. And ive never had an issue with any language barriers
5	pizza is first rate and always ready when ordered to pick up - if you live close by you will enjoy using magura for last minute order to satisfy quick need. no comparison with dominos and other chains - the qulaity is superb!
1	I wish there was a way to give no stars. My delivery order arrived missing the drink. The soup's plastic lid was actually melted into the soup. When I called for a refund the refused and said the soup is edible WITH PLASTIC IN IT. I didn't end up eating any of the food nervous what condition it was prepared in if they thought eating plastic was ok. I've reported them to the Department of Food Safety so hopefully no one ends up eating plastic.
