5	I ordered a caramel apple pie after MUCH deliberation and help from Traci...and OH MY GOD. Delicious!! We took her suggestion and warmed up our slice just a bit. Wow!! Every bite was heaven! I highly recommend ordering your next pie from Pie Snob. I know I am a fan for life. :o)
5	My roommate came home the other night with a Chocolate Cream pie and oh. my goodness! It is AMAZING! The crust is this wonderful crunchy chocolately wonderfulness. I think she bought a Groupon and I don't know how much she paid but the pie was so good, regardless of full price, I'm sure it's worth it!
5	Picked up a Raspberry Chiffon Pie.  Easily could make 8 ample servings.  The Crust was nice.   The Pie was super fresh and Traci's Commercial Kitchen is spotless.   Pass up the Pie at the local Grocers as you will not get the quality or taste that the Pie Snob will fulfill.   This small business is a hidden gem located in a central phoenix neighborhood.  The Pie was full of sweet and tangy flavor.  Fresh Red raspberrys in a raspberry glaze, covered generously with Raspberry Chiffon and then covered with a hefty amount of real Whipped cream which was not overly sweet.
5	Can't say enough good things - I am from out of state and wanted to send something nice to my dad for Christmas. Needless to say, I waited until the last minute and came across Pie Snob. Friday before Christmas Eve they delivered him a beautiful Apple pie (for a small fee). I couldn't believe how helpful and accommodating they were.In fairness, I didn't get to taste the pie myself but it was RAVED about by my dad and his company. Hoping to grab one the next time I am in AZ!
5	Love these pies.  Apple Carmel is one of the best desserts in town.  I find myself craving the blackberry pie.  They are all good and present very well.  I put them out at my parties and everyone immediately starts talking about how good they look.  Supporting small business is another huge plus.
5	Simply the best. The Chocolate Cream Pie was an absolute hit for some of my customers. They cut me a slice at the office and as I took my first bite I quickly realized that I would be seeing and eating a lot more pie in the near future. Pie Snob is now my go to for desserts! Can't wait to try the Apple- Jalapeno!
5	Just had the peach pie. It was incredible!
5	This place is absolutely incredible !!! Best pies ever. If you are a pie lover like myself do yourself a favor and order your next pie from the pie snob. What makes these pies so great is they are made with fresh ingrediants and the crust is perfectly baked both top and bottom. The flavor is very home made. The traditional apple pie is my favorite but I would also recommend the caramel apple if thats your thing and the peach pie.
5	The Manpanion is a pie connoisseur. We have visited every pie place in the SF Bay Area. So far, we find Chile Pies to be top notch. However, after my move to Phoenix, I was on a mission to find an awesome pie place for the Manpanion when he visits. The search is over. Pie Snob is totally legit. In fact, I'd say it's even better than my beloved Chile Pies. Essentially a home-based bakery, Pie Snob is located at the back of the baker's house. It's a full-on professional kitchen that is also available for rent. Unlike most bakeries, Pie Snob is a made-to-order bakery. This means you have to order in advance and pick it up yourself (unless you make delivery arrangements). I always mean to try other flavors, but I can't seem to get enough of the caramel apple pie. The first time I ordered, I always warmed it up a little and had it with vanilla ice cream. Though delicious, I have since learned that the best way to eat this flavor is cold. Yup. COLD! With the caramel nice and chewey, this is the BEST way to have it. Since discovering this gem, I now bring a pie with me (carefully packed) when I visit SF. The Manpanion always appreciates it:)
5	Absolutely overjoyed at finding the reviews pointing to this gem.  As a last minute order pie snob was exceptional in their communication and accommodating a same day order and pickup.  Couldn't ask for better service.More importantly the pie itself was absolutely amazing.  I won't call myself a qualified pie connoisseur but i certainly know a good pie when I come across one, and pie snob is definitely one of the best.  They will certainly have more of my business, particularly around April when strawberry rhubarb shows up on the menu.
1	I didn't get a chance to eat there, but the service that was provided was horrible. I was not impressed with how the owner was and first impressions are everything. Word of advice next time offer a sample and say "Hi how are you? Welcome to Pie Snob how may I be assistance to your pie needs. I will never order from this place nor will I recommend it to anyone.
5	Its the day before my coworkers birthdays when I realize I need to get a pie.  Not just any pie, coconut cream pie.  I looked to Yelp which led me to Pie Snob.  I called, left a voicemail and literally 5 minutes later my pie was set for pickup the next day!  It was AMAZING!! Pie Snob has pies perfected!
5	Addicted from bite one! I love Bertha's cafe on Indian School and 32nd St. and I've often been tempted to try a slice of the delicious looking pies from Pie Snob in their pastry case. Well, today was the day! My coworker and I shared a piece of the apple pie and I've never tasted crust that good before. It's so flakey and tender. The apples were perfectly tart and balanced really well with the sweetness of the filling. After I had the first bite I really wished I had ordered my own slice so I wouldn't have to share :-)
4	I ordered two pie's for our Thanksgiving dinner; pumpkin and apple caramel.  Picking up the pie's was an experience with cars swarming the small residential home!  I have to agree with other reviewers about the apple caramel pie being amazingly outstanding.  I wish I could say the same for the pumpkin pie.  It had a fine mix of spices in the filling, there just wasn't enough of it.  In other words, the amount of filling was skimpy...  The pie could also have been a bit firmer.  I know this sounds pretty critical but... this was not an inexpensive pie and could have been better. I will return again and hope my comments will improve the pumpkin pie experience!
