4	Offbeat Clothing, a bit like a unisex Pie in the Sky, sell a mixture of indie "Tea Jenny" clothing and Iron Fist type emo gear.This place is a bit like an affordable Cult but a little less predictable, which is always welcomed. Alongside floral print skirts and sparkly tops, girls can also find some vaguely emo jeans in Offbeat, and some monster patterned backpacks. The occasional pair of baggy jeans are on sale from time to time, but at the moment Motel imitation attire is very much in.Guys, similarly, can find a mixture of clothing and shoes in here but the section for men is a bit more scene than what's on offer for the ladies. The staff are really friendly and they do cracking sales pretty much all the time!Offbeat is great for people who want cool, fashionable streetwear but don't want to adhere to one extreme side of the fashion spectrum. It hits a good middle ground and has consequently always come up trumps for me.
2	I've popped in here loads of times on my way home from Princes Street, but I've never actually got round to buying anything... for me, that is so rare it's almost impossible.The dressy things they stock have way too much glitter and sequins all over them, so much so that it always makes me think of that stall in the Eastenders market. On top of this, I think this place is really overpriced in comparison to other high street places like H&M or Topshop, and every time you go in the staff will literally follow you around the shop telling you about all the amazing new things they have in (i.e. they pick out the most expensive things they have in stock, and come and hold it up against you). Talk about being put on the spot.
2	This place has no idea about what it wants to be.It advertises itself as mens clothing, but there is plenty of girls clothing too. The styles in OBC have  no coherance at all, they are all over the place - one minute you can be looking at emo/indie style tshirts and jeans, then two steps to your left you can be looking at sparkly ball gowns and the like. Really odd.I think the main compalint I have however is how expensive this place can be - you are much better off going to Princes Street.
3	When I was about 17, I'd often tentatively visit such non-mainstream shops as this one. Whilst I've never, ever been anywhere near this "scene", there was always a few bits and bobs I could pick up (almost always t-shirts), with the old version of Cult Clothing being perhaps the best of such stores.Given that I'm currently writing this in tatty old trackies and a t-shirt with more holes than St Andrew's, you can probably guess the utter indifference I have to quirky and offbeat fashions these days without me having to explain it.
3	Offbeat Clothing has a good mix of both guys and gals clothing and it's a pretty even divide which is nice to see as usually most stores like this tend to favour the girls section. In the girls section I noticed a few, very pretty dresses and they were all very reasonably priced, there was even a sale section for bargain clothing too. In addition to clothing they also stock a good range of trainers, bags, jewellery and other accessories. For guys, it's fuss free clothing such as trainers, jeans, backpacks etc. My favourite thing here was a backpack that had beady eyes and jaggy teeth and it made me chuckle. I know, I'm easily amused.
2	I gotta be honest, I find Offbeat a little..... offbeat. Occasionally, they have a cute dress or two in the window. Inside however, I never seem to spot anything I like. The jeans, tees and hoodies all look dated and studenty whilst the sparkly tunic tops, dresses and leggings all look like garments designed for work functions and hen parties. Like I said, offbeat.
