4	This is a new establishment.  I love Mexican food and this place did not disappoint.   The chips and salsa are great.  Try the green salsa.  Ivan, the owner, saysits his wife family recipe.  It is great.  The service and servers are very nice and welcoming.  Only knock is they do not serve beer yet.  Hopefully soon.   Try this restaurant.  Very good.
5	Awesome Authentic Real Mexican food. My husband and I have gone several times on a Saturday for breakfast and lunch. The food taste like it came out of my nana's kitchen. The Chimichanga enchilada style is served with some of the best refried beans and rice, and topped with fresh quacamole and sour cream. Being Mexican myself, I am very impressed  with the quality and flavor with  the dishes we have tried. My husband loves the tamales. The decor is very nice, the place is small and cozy. The service is always excellent. The prices are very reasonable. This is a small hidden  gem in West Phoenix. I would highly recommend to anyone. Not just your average burrito/taco joint.Real Mexican food! Kudos to the chef!
2	2.5 StarsIt's not the best nor the worst I've had.  Mi Tierra(MT) is just a polished up Sainz Mexican Restaurant which was the previously name.  Almost all the same crew and meals.  They did not even bother changing the names on the menus or POS system.  My family and I decided to try MT because we assumed it was a new establishment with a fresh menu.  We soon figured out we were in for a familiar experience when the menus were handed to us.  Note to ownership, you are in desperate need of a real wait staff to provide a better experience!  Do not brew your ice tea in your coffee machine, it does not taste good!Our table had the following items....Caldo de Rez $6.99:  very average and skimpy with the Rez(beef).Rolled Taquitos w/ guacamole $5.99: at least they were not from the freezer...very average and nothing to brag about!Green Cheese Enchiladas w/ sour cream $7.99: the green sauce has a very good flavor with a hint of spice.  The beans were fresh and had a good taste, but the cook went heavy with the black pepper in the rice today!Red Cheese Enchiladas $7.99: the red sauce was average...rice and beans were the same as the above item.  Mexican food is very subjective!  I can honestly tell you that I have been to many Mexican restaurants in the valley and you can find better than MT.  Tip to my fellow Yelpers, look for more experienced Yelpers to give you an idea of a place is good or not.  I do not take reviewers with single digit reviews too seriously.
2	Okay, I had to post an update. I am so disappointed in Mi Tierra as of late. First of all the food is still delicious. But the service is sooooo bad lately. My husband and I went  for lunch on a Saturday a couple of weeks ago, and the waitress was so bad, no forks, no water, no asking if we needed anything, order messed up. So disappointed. On the same day, there was another customer giving the owner a piece of her mind as well. Unfortunately, I had to agree with all she was telling her. So I chalked it up,   as okay, maybe the waitress is just bad. So I decided to go for dinner with my daughter on a Monday night. First of all, we were the only ones there, and this other waitress was just as bad, if not worse. How can you not give your customers good service if we were the only ones there? I expected cartwheels! I do not know how they are staying in business, with that kind of service. Pretty sad, considering the food is really good. Needless to say, I left no tip!
