4	I love Angelina's pizza. The pastas are pretty good but the pizza is what really stands out here. The prices are reasonable as well. Only thing I would change is the servers/cashiers. Not too friendly in my opinion and kinda come off as the "we-don't-really-care" type. If it wasn't for the service, Angelina's would definitely got the 5-star treatment from me.  The $8.99 pick up special which includes a 16 inch one topping pizza is my type of deal.  Killer pizza always keeps me coming back!
5	We ordered from here the first night we got to Vegas, and then delivered within an hour to our hotel. We ordered garlic balls, a small stromboli and a small pizza.The garlic balls were awesome, we've never had those before, if my husband could have just ate those the entire trip I think he might have.The small stromboli could have fed 3 or 4 people, so it lasted for 3 meals for me, and it was way yummy with the pizza sauce to dip it in.The small pizza was huge and lasted my husband about 3 meals too.We are definately going to order from here on our next trip to Vegas for a nice quiet night recovering.
5	This pizza is great... best pizza. I don't like eating the crust most the time but the crust on there pizza is better than most place whole pizza.
3	Food was good, kinda expensive, I thought. I went there and ordered for take out. Service was OK. didn't impress me none.. I might go back, but note for a long time...
3	Angelina's is kind-of a hit-&-miss. Somethings are great, somethings are blah!!.  Now I have never had their pizza, so this rating is on their flip side of the menu. The Lasanga is pretty good but the Spaghetti is lacking. Their Jumbo Stuffed Shells are decent, and their burgers are good. Philly Cheese is OK. Salads are good especially the Antipasta and a delicious Basalmic Vinagarette. The appetizers are poor, they taste frozen then fried. Kind of pricey. Decent portions. An average dinner, nothing special.
4	2nd time i ordered from here. 1st time was delivery and the pizza was good but it had shifted while being delivered. No Worries cause we Nom nom Nom nom Nomd it all down. They have great specials and fast delivery. I ordered just a plain cheese pizza, it wasnt greasy but the crust was thin with a fluffy crust at the end of the pizza I LOVE THAT. And the Zeppolis are delicious. 2nd time ordering. They have a great Pick up special. Got a 16inch cheese and sausage pizza. What a deal for pick up. And The pizza didnt shift though i brought it home. Mmm The sausage has a different consistency than other places that put sausage on Like Pizza hut per say. This was like crumbled up sausage. And I liked it way better. And the tomato sauce, or maybe its the crust. But i tasted a little honey and a Tongue Never lies. Again the Zeppolis are delicious and hot and fresh. And if you cant finish em they heat up well the next day in the microwave.
1	The most horrible experience I have ever had EVER. So I order a pizza with pepperoni and artichokes and the lady says it will take about an hour. I said ok, she took all my info including my address and cross streets. After an hour and a half of waiting I call them back, wondering is the driver got lost or whatever. No, she assured me he was on his way and they just got a little behind. Ok, no prob. Two hours later my pizza is delivered. The guy says to me as I open the door that I called the wrong angelinas and that there was a closer one to me. I said "oh" bc the lady who I ordered from said nothing about that. Then he proceeded to tell me that he was late bc it took him "forever" to find this place since its "so out of the way". What. The. Eff. I took my pizza and hoped that despite waiting 2 hours and listening to someone tell me I'm an idiot for ordering from the wrong pizza place, I thought that the food would make up for it. No. Horrible. Cold, not melted cheese. With a total of 10 slices (I counted since I was pissed) and a few artichoke heartsthrown onto this large pizza I became irate. This was seriously the worst pizza I've ever had with the worst service. I'll never ever ever (ever!) go here again and neither should you.  Oh and it was $22 for a crappy pizza. Lame.
1	DO NOT ORDER DELIVERY FROM THIS PLACE !!!!....My delevery took twice as long as they quoted me, the food was cold. I called back and they told me they could get a new order out to me in another 45 minutes..ya right, 45 minutes, I live 5-10 minutes away. I asked for the manager and was told there was no manager on duty and to call back tomorrow. What place does not have a Manager on duty? I have been in the restaurant business for 22 years, having managed most of those. There is always supposed to be a Manager on duty. DO NOT ORDER DELIVERY FROM THIS PLACE !!!!!!
4	I love Angelina's.  Their pizza is great.   Good thin crust with a nice crispy edge.  A ton of sauce and cheese.  Excellent toppings.  I've had their sandwiches a couple of times too.  Pretty good.  I've had better.  They are filling though.  What I love most is the build your own stromboli.  You get your choice of three toppings.  I always order the small and it is enough for at least two meals.  It comes out buttery and garlic-y with parmasean cheese dusting the top.  You get a cup of sauce for dipping.  It is good sauce but never quite enough.  I like to order the 'boli with spinach, mushroom and artichoke.  Or sometimes pepperoni, olive and mushroom.  Really any three toppings you want are a good choice.  An amazing stromboli.I have never ordered for delivery so I cannot speak of the complaints of taking too long.  I can tell you it does take usually 20-30 minutes when you order in house.  It is worth the wait though.  And most locations are connected to a bar.  Pop in after ordering, have a beer and enjoy your food and evening.
2	The Food is GREAT! But they are super expensive and the delivery is the worst ever! We have ordered from them several times. We gave the delivery 3 chances and will never order delivery from them again. We only live 1 1/2 miles from there and it still takes them and hour and a half to get our food to us. At the prices they charge you would think they would offer better service. And whatever you do don't complain because the service just gets worse once they know it was you who complained!The Calzones and Stromboli are excellent!
2	Avoid the chicken wings, overcooked and dry. The tables were mostly dirty and the service was lackluster. Would not return to this restaurant.
1	I spent a lot of money over the past few weeks ordering from this place. I ordered from them because they are a member of eat24hours.com and accept paypal which is something I need...Anyways their pizza is average, their appetizers are hit and miss. Some times they taste stale. The garlic balls are good. THE MAIN REASON THEY GET 1 STAR is that I've never had a major issue with a delivery until today. Normally it takes them 60-90 minutes to deliver when I'm told 45-60 minutes. Today I ordered food at 1:18pm and at 2:20 the food still isn't here. I find out what's up and the delivery driver hasn't left yet... then at 2:45 I ask why it still isn't here and he says he rang the doorbell and nobody answered... LIES. They are average, and overpriced and I was spending a lot of money weekly with them just for the convienance. NOT ANYMORE. They don't value delivery orders or their customers.  Save your money and go someplace worth the extra money because this place is not.
3	If you want a salad, hamburger or Italian, it's great.  But don't order the fried stuff.  Their chicken fingers taste like they've been cooked in cornmeal, and their sampler is really heavy on the breading, so it's pretty greasy.  I'm sticking with the salads.
4	The pizzas taste great. The prices are a little high. I can't comment on the rest of the menu; I only ever order pizza. Delivery can be hit-or-miss and tends to take a while (long enough that you start thinking maybe they got lost) so I tend to pick up instead. That way I get fresh, hot pizza that hasn't been sloshing around in the back of someone's car while they drive in circles.If the staff make a mistake (and it happens from time to time) they tend to get surly rather than just fix the problem. And now, some unsolicited advice: if you need to reheat pizza, use your oven or a frying pan over low-medium heat, partially covered. Never ever microwave unless you enjoy eating soggy garbage.
3	Over the past few years this was my go to pizza joint.  Angelina's isn't to far from my place, and it's located in a decent strip mall, where an Albertson's resides.  So, I would usually place an order, hit up Albertson's for sides and drinks, then grab my grub from Angelina's.  Very convenient!!!  But, something happened and I stopped coming here for a while.  Maybe it's because I wanted to try something new.  But, this last weekend I was wanting a burger.  And, I have always liked the burger offering that Angelina's provides.  I usually go for a Double Bacon Cheeseburger with a side of fries.  Filling and tasty.  So, I decided to come back and order one.  Here is my experience from this trip:I call in my order for my Double Bacon Cheeseburger and make the trek out to Angelina's.  *Side Note: The trip would be faster if they would open a road that goes between Vegas Valley and Sahara.  It would take a few miles off of my trip.Anyhow, I get to Angelina's and get to the counter and pay for my order.  They told me that it would be a couple of minutes before it was ready.  No problem, I don't mind waiting.  A few minutes go by and up comes my order.  They put it in a plastic bag filled with napkins and ketchup packets.  Nice!!!I get home and get ready to chow down on my burger.  I look and what is this... they forgot my bacon.  What???? I have a total love affair with bacon.  I mean, I order a side of bacon with my bacon.  I'm a little disappointed but, I'll get by - barely.  The burger is seasoned nicely, the tomatoes were fresh and the lettuce was crispy.  I also like the toasted bun.  A nice touch.  I could have used a little more fries but, whatever.  So, I say, decent job but took off a couple of stars for forgetting my bacon.  But, I'll be back!!!My tip: They have more than pizza! Sandwiches / burgers / wings! If you ever go into Angelina's on Charleston, pick up a menu.  It is extensive and has a lot to offer.
4	This is our favorite pizza place that we've found in town so far. The pick-up specials are great prices. I love when I can feed my family dinner for about $12. Eatng in can get a expensive and I have to say that I don't love the servers. If they smile it feels like you hit the jackpot or something. But it's so convenient and the pizza is sooooo good we still meet family here for weekend dinners sometimes.They do have a nice room a little seperate from the main dining room that is nice when we have a big group with lots of noisy kids.Other than the pizza, we've tried the cheese sticks, the chicken ranch wrap, and of course the beer. All have had good reviews. This location and the location on Eastern & Tropicana-ish are both our regular spots.
5	Great food & pizza!  Come here at least once a week.  Great service.  Garlic balls are the bomb!
1	So its been an hour and 30mins and just got a phone call trying to verify my address, im guessing the drivers lost. Not sure how you have delivery drivers who cant deliver to your address. Last time I order from here. Really DisappointedUPDATE: FOOD CAME AT 1hour 40mins and food was cold. Thanks for making me burn $25.
1	Ordered pizza from the 4 different times only once was my order right and the last time I got a moldy dessert.
1	I give it one star because I can't give it less. The place smells like cigarettes since the moment you walk in.Ordered the Cordon Bleu pizza and it didn't have any Ham.The attitude of all the girls there is as if they were literally on their period! Not friendly at all. Hadn't been here in Years and now is my last time. At least include the stuff the pizza says it has.Avoid this place
4	I'm writing a review for the bar more so than the pizzeria. Love the bar namely for the bartenders. Great food and deals. Nice spot to make your usual hangout. Chill atmosphere.
2	I'm so pissed, so I thought okay I'll give them a try again. Angelina's special pizza. it was so paper thin you couldn't pick it up,you had to fold it in half,and the girls are Rude, one has Meth mouth, how embarrassing to be up front working the counter to help other people,
1	I don't know why I keep coming here. The service is not good and their food isn't good. And they aren't even busy! I've been here about 6 times. Mostly take out and one dine in occasion.I've never had one of those experiences where I notice someone order AFTER me and still get their food first. Until here! I remember that occasion. We ordered a pizza, and two appetizers. Our pizza came out literally 45 minutes after ordering it, they bring the one appetizer another 5 minutes later, and then the second appetizer just about the hour mark. One of those that's it I'm leaving moments but I stuck it out. We were in there when there were maybe 2 other small parties were there so I just didn't understand. They had a lot of workers but we maybe got one refill when we asked after we ate. There was never a "sorry out kitchens baked up" or even a just plain "sorry it's taking so long". That tells me they don't see a problem.How hard is it to fry up some garlic balls to bring out as an appetizer? How about wings? That should have come out first to freaking offset the pizza wait! Restaurant and service 101!Our entire meal took almost an hour and a half. Granted the take out line started getting busy we still ordered way before it got busy.Then tonight I went and took a take out order and our crust was burnt on our pizza. Sorry but that was the last straw. I just can't see myself eating here again.Yes their garlic balls are good and cheap but I'll go elsewhere at all costs. Their ordering sucks. You call and automatically get placed on hold. WHY?! I was in there and both girls did that. WHY?! They weren't even doing anything that couldn't wait!Also the staff sucks.Customer service and personality go along way. I don't see how that girl works there. She must be related or own the place. Dark hairs girl that is a little pale. Sorry to put her out there but she just sucks. One time she gave me a free ranch with my order but I left a tip larger than the cost of the ranch so that doesn't make up for it. There's no appreciation of the customer. I'd rather eat where they have good service and good food as opposed to bad service and great food. They don't give a good name to local businesses and I'd much rather eat at a big corporate chain as opposed to this place.
5	I love this location!!!  Our favorite waitress is Lilly, and they have the best pizza and wings in town.
1	Great food. SHITTY SERVICE. They take 45 minutes for the food to come out, we had to ask for our drinks, our utensils, and it took them 30 minutes to give us our check when we asked for it. Shitty shitty service.
2	We ordered for delivery a chicken Alfredo pizza and a ranch chicken wrap. It took over an hour when delivery time was supposed to be within 45 minutes. The pizza was pretty good although cold but the wrap was inedible. Cold, dry, and tasted old. Even my partner who can eat almost anything couldn't stomach it. Overall IF I order from them again I won't trust anything else but the pizza, which sucks because so many things on their menu sound delicious.
2	They need to train their waitresses on how to wait & serve on guests... This is the second time I've been here & both times I've had a different waitress but the same issues...I have to ask them for everything from the eating utensils,  sugar for my tea, for the to go box & for the check. After waiting & waiting I have to get up & go to the counter to ask for a to go box & my check  because they don't bother to come over & check on you or ask if you need anything. I spent at least 1/2 hr. more there then need be waiting to be offered a to go box, my chevk & to come pick up the check themselves but NO I have to do it myself (neither times had it been busy). Last time I reluctantly tipped & this time for the first time ever did I not tip someone...I will no longer tip someone for intentionally bad service...There was no reason for us to get the service we did (either times). PS...I'm a waitress myself.
4	Yummy!  We had delivery, onion rings were crispy with a generous side of ranch. We also ordered wings which were great except they did lack the spicy we we're hoping for so we added chile paste and they were amazing! The fries came crispy and fresh and the cannoli was delicious but you only get 1... i think there should be 2, the delivery guy was very nice too! Looking forward to ordering again
2	The food is decent but Everytime I order for pick up, they always mess up my order. They told tell me to come in 30 minute, I come in 45 (just in case) and they still have me wait another 15 minutes. I specifically asked for my wings to be extra crispy,  and what do I come home with?  Soggy wings.  If it wasn't so close to my house, I wouldn't get food from there.
5	They were ready on time and the order was correct! So much better than pizza hut and its 24/7!!!!!
3	Fair - but cheap!  $5.99 lunch special was good, qualizty lcked.
1	Food is awesome. I'm only rating this on one particular employee that works there. Don't know the name but she has tattoos on her face. Extremely rude. She really must hate her job because it's showing.I'm not one to complain but she was horrible. Why is she working for you're company! The food is GREAT ! She isn't.
1	Yelp page lies. Restaurant is NOT open 24/7. Closes at 1am during the week and 2am on the weekends.
4	We visited Angelina's over the weekend before some grocery shopping at the nearest albertsons. The space looks a little outdated, but I will let it slide. We ordered a napolitana, it's was amazing! Just the right thickness and amount of ingredients, the fresh basil and the touch of olive oil was great! I can't really talk about the service since it was a takeout, the guy that took our order was very friendly so I can't complain. Will be trying the rest of their menu next time.
5	Go here often. Was there just a couple of days ago. Had family from New York here for Christmas. Spent just over $150 and everything was great as always. They loved the pizza. Thank you for your great service April decker
