5	Auto Corral RV is a winner!  Buy from them and they will stay with you until you are happy.  Our slide out motor failed a few days after we bought our used (without warranty) Fleetwood Southwind South Motorhome.  No problem for this honest dealer. The manager, Shawn Williams, send his contact Toby Kallenberger to our home in California for personal service.  Toby ordered a new motor and came back to our home to install it at no charge!  We are elated!  Thank you Shawn and Toby.  We are your customers for life.  We recommend this dealer for your next RV purchase.
4	Why 4 stars instead of 5?! 'Cause no-one is perfect. Just the same My experience with Auto Corral RV was delightful, smooth and timely. The reason for my taking the time to do a positive review is because it seems that only the negative personality types who give mostly bad reviews to everyone have a voice. The technical knowledge of their sales force was impressive. Their knowledge of the process for financing and taking a trade, paying off the trade and getting the registration handled in a timely manner (these things take time) is on point. If the consignment has a payoff, then I, as a buyer, should expect that there is going to be a time lag. That's why they issue a 30 temp tag.My dealings with Auto Corral were pleasant, professional and extremely satisfying.Also, might I add... the owner is a retired major league baseball player and was with the Boston Red Sox in 2004 when they won the world series. I don't think he needs the money. I think he just loves the business which he took over when his father-in-law passed away.Outstanding company and I would recommend them to my best friends and family and they would not embarass me.EJ
4	just purchased a consigned toy hauler.  Had great service from the staff. They made extra sure our vehicle was equipped properly to drive off with our purchase.  Staff could not have been any friendlier.   We live a long way off, so when a couple of items needed replacing, they said just go have it taken care of and send them the bill.  People like this made our "fun" purchase even more fun.  Thanks
4	Never judge a book by its cover.Recently took my new 5-month old 2013 PleasureWay Plateau TS RV for service here because its the only PW certified dealer in the area. Pulling in, it looks like a Mom and Pop place with old small office building and outdoor service facility (i.e., a car porch for RV) and I was a little worried. Since the PleasureWay is based on a Mercedes Sprinter van platform, we had taken it to the local fancy, upscale Mercedes dealer for engine and chassis service which cost us nearly $400 for an oil change, fluid check, and general check up. Anyway, the Mercedes dealer has its own Starbucks, valet parking, business center, etc., so you know where that money goes!But Auto Corral RV service manager Melissa and technician Chris quickly assuaged my concerns. They installed a replacement rear view mirror with back up monitor (previously got a replacement from manufacturer), and got my LP stove burners to work for the first time. They patiently spent time answering my, and my wife's, questions about the RV (we couldn't do that with dealer we bought from because we did a fly-in buy out of state) on other things we newbies were mystified about. And they told us about a manufacturer paid program for doing tire alignment for shimmy and bounce problems and referred us down the street to Big O Tires for a free alignment. When we went to do paperwork, we were told there was no charge!These folks are honest and knowledgeable, and have truly earned my trust and future business. When you think of service, what else do you need other than an honest contractor who knows what they are doing??I still think the way Class B RV manufacturers split up warranty responsibility between chassis and engine, coach and RV, and different appliance makers is a crazy quiltwork which makes it so hard for owners to figure out who is responsible for maintenance and warranty!
