5	This is where Zach Forrest will have his new CrossFit gym starting in July, 2011. He has been there as one of the owners under the former name, so the same great atmosphere and gruelingly wonderful workouts will rule the day. I have been going under its former name for a few months and find former Navy Seal Zach to be one of the biggest helps I have ever had in fitness. He calls it how he sees it, scales the workouts appropriately to get you as worked out as you can get. Don't hesitate to jump right in and start or continue your CrossFit goals right here!
5	Zach and Lindsay are great hosts and I can already tell that CrossFit Max Effort will be an excellent place to work out with a top notch facility, staff, and community!  Thanks guys, I really appreciate the hospitality!
5	I've been working out at CrossFit Max Effort for about a 3 days now and I love the place. Great Facility and very Knowledgeable Instructors. I like a family atmosphere and here that's what you get. Everbody wants you to succeed in all of your goals , its more than just a work out. CrossFit is not for everyone but if you wanna see what your made of start here.
5	I cover the western region for work and recently had a trip to Las Vegas. I called CF Max Effort to see if they would be willing to accommodate me for a few days and they were happy to go out of their way to make me feel welcome. I was very impressed with their facility. There was plenty of space and had multiple sections to run two WODs at a time. There was plenty of pre and post WOD equipment as well to help get the proper stretching done in order to prevent injury. Not only was the facility clean and organized and equipment impressive, but their staff was great. I was trained by Issac who was one of the best trainers I have come across. He is motivating, very knowledgeable, and has a keen eye for detail. If you live in Vegas or are just visiting, I would highly recommend going to CF Max Effort. I am very thankful that I was able to find them and look forward to my next trip out to visit!
5	CrossFit Max Effort is THE place to train in Las Vegas. You will not find another gym more passionate about the success of it's members. I have entrusted my training to Zach Forrest for over 3 years and I am DEFINITELY in the best shape of my life. I can not imagine training anywhere else. CrossFit Max Effort will exceed your expectations of what a gym should or could be like.
5	I've been going here for a month and felt compelled to write a review.  The level of instruction and caring for their people is above any other facility I've been to.  This has definitely taken me to the next level of fitness.  I would recommend trying it for anyone serious about being more healthy and fit.
5	They were friendly! The box is clean, well equipped, nice people, and an 8 minute drive from the strip. The trainer, Isaac, was really knowledgeable and encouraging. Great box! Thanks for the workout!
5	I knew nothing of crossfit or any of the moves involved.  I started with some private one-on-one sessions (highly recommended if you afford it) with Isaac.  He was awesome, stern and strict yet never demeaning and always encouraging.  The workouts were intense and got me hooked.  I then joined on the prep course, which everyone new must take for a month before you are ready for the reg class.  I wasn't fully confident in myself achieving the moves after my sessions with Isaac, so the owners Lindsay and Zach let me do a week and half in the prep.  After those 10 days my confidence was sky high and i was ready.I started going in the evening (they have classes at 730a, 10a, 12p, 4p, 5p, 6p, and 7p. and Nicole was my trainer/teacher.  She rocks as well.  For every class the trainer has the group get warmed up, usually running 400m and doing some unusual stretches.  Once that is done, the trainer will go over with the group what the workout is and the class usually practices all the moves for a 20-30 minutes.  Once ready, we are given the workout and the trainer will assign reps and weight to everyone.  They realize all members are at different stages in their physical fitness and scale accordingly.  Then the workout occurs which could range from 5 minutes long to 40 minutes long, all the while your trainer is walking around encouraging and correcting.The facility is big enough to handle classes of 25 with ease and it's always very clean and no odor!  If you are thinking about doing crossfit, crossfit max effort is the only option for you.  It's affordable, non-threatening, easy location to get to, great workouts, and most of all they make it fun.I've never been to any gym where the owners and all the trainers know EVERY person's name, it's just a testament of how serious they are about their clients and how great of people they all are.If still on the fence, they'll usually give you a free training to test you and see if it's a good fit.
5	Coming to Vegas for a bachelor party is no excuse to not WOD. For the visiting xfitter, Max Effort is the most convenient box. It's just off of Las Vegas Blvd adjacent to the airport, which translates to a $17 cab ride from our mid-Strip hotel.No need to bore you with the details of that day's WOD. It was hard, made even harder by the high-90s heat and throat-scorching dry air. Lauren is a good trainer; she both coached and yelled encouragement to me during the WOD as if I were a part of Max Effort's permanent community. It goes to show that sweat, effort, and a love of fatigue is a language we all speak as crossfitters, regardless of which box we call home.$30 was a little steep for a drop-in fee, but it did come with a shirt included.#KensoWasTooDrunkToWod
5	Awesome gym with a really friendly staff. If you're ever in Vegas you better stop here for your WOD. They highly encourage dropping in from out of town and are really accommodating.
5	So I am relatively new to CrossFit but at the urging of several friends started just a couple of months ago at CrossFit Max Effort.  I hear a lot of things about a lot of CrossFit Boxes as this is really becoming popular and what I can say for Max Effort is this:1.  There couldn't be a more encouraging and friendly bunch of coaches anywhere.  It starts from Zach, the owner, who takes a genuine personal interest in everyone who joins.  Even if he isn't your coach for that WOD, he is walking around, watching and encouraging at every step.  The rest of the coaches are equally encouraging and knowledgeable.  I have done WODs with Isaac, Lauren, Nicole, Lindsay, Billy and Ray and each one of them helps you scale, maintain intensity and push through to the end.2.  The people that attend WODs at CFME are a plus as well.  The culture of the box is very much one of encouragement.  As a newbie (as well as not being in great shape) I found people who were done that I hadn't even met cheering me on to finish my WOD on more than one occasion.  That really helps get rid of any intimidation you might feel about being there.  There are also men and women of a wide variety of ages and shapes, making no one feel like they don't belong there.Overall, the box is clean, the workouts are varied, the people are not intimidating and are very welcoming of new members and the coaches are awesome.  Check them out if you are looking for a CrossFit gym.
5	FIRST A LITTLE BACKGROUND: I'm 51 years old, an Air Force medic (civil service), a physician assistant, and an Air Force veteran with 27 years of service.  I had L5-S1 microdiscectomy in 2007, which took away 95% of my intensely painful sciatica, but intensified a long history of low back pain.  I also had knee surgery--medial meniscectomy in 2010, which, again, corrected 95% of my knee problem, leaving me with occasionally sensation of pain and weakness.About 4 months after my back surgery, I began to take serious the idea of going to the gym.  Since that time, I've logged countless visits to Las Vegas Athletic Club focusing on cardio (stair stepper, treadmill walking, etc--avoided running), and weight training.  I have followed the Body for Life program (a pyramid weightlifting strategy), as well as several other weightlifting strategies (Back and Bi's, Chest and tri's, and all of that stuff) with the purpose of gaining strength, not necessarily body building.  I noticed improvement in my back pain, and noticed I felt stronger.CROSSFIT:  I was introduced to Crossfit ~2007 and accessed the website (www.crossfit.com).  From the videos there, I incorporated (loosely) the ideas and exercises into my routine.  I learned quite a bit.  One time, I briefly looked into the cost of attending a Crossfit gym.  Compared to my local gym membership ($22/month), it was considerably more expensive, and so I quickly dismissed it.CROSSFIT MAX EFFORT (LAS VEGAS):  3 months ago, my son decided to join CFME.  At this point, I was very bored in my exercise routine, was still having episodes of knee and back pain with occasional twinges of discomfort going down my legs.Joining Crossfit Max Effort was the BEST thing I've done for my life.  My back is significantly improved, and my knee is getting stronger.THE OWNERS & the coaches are AWESOME.  They are professional, friendly, very knowledgeable, and are constantly looking out for you.  They are detailed in their instruction.  You have no doubt on how to do things the right way, and they correct you when your technique is off.  Although the classes are in a group setting, the personal attention they give you makes you feel like you're the only person in the room.  That they care is quite evident.  They are passionate about what they do.  And they are fun to be around.THE MEMBERS, who are of various ages, are positive, motivating, and encouraging.  Everyone is working at their own physical capabilities, pushing their own boundaries, and working hard---TOGETHER.  Attending a Crossfit class, working together to accomplish the same workout, pushing ourselves together, is INCREDIBLY MOTIVATING, far beyond the hum-drum boring conventional gym routine.  There's MAGIC doing this in a group, lead by a knowledgeable coach.  VARIETY: Every day, the workout of the day is different.  The variety and potential for variety keeps it fresh and works on all aspects of fitness.  I look forward to checking the website the night before to see what we will be doing.A TYPICAL CLASS involves: 1. The call for the class ("5 o'clock Crossfit!"), and we all gather around the coach who writes our names on the white board.2. A brief introduction into what we will be doing that  hour.3. A warm-up that's directed toward the WOD (workout of the day) we will be doing.  The warm-up involves both warming up as well as specific stretches geared toward the WOD.4. INSTRUCTION, detailed, on the specific skills to be done during the WOD.  Then practicing the movements as a class.  Example:  how to properly perform a push press (for more, check the Exercises and Demos on the left at this website: http://www.crossfit.com/.  Although you will find just about all you need there, I can tell you that it's nothing like being there, listening, practicing the moves, and having a coach fine tune your technique.  They see things you wouldn't notice yourself!!NOTE:  up to this point, through the warm-up and instruction, you are already sweating.  I've heard several times, "The warm-up is the workout" or something of that nature.  By this time, you've been through the work you might do at an average gym.  Your shirt is partially drenched.  5. THE WOD:  this is what we're all there for.  It's the mission.  And we all accomplish it together.  Often, it is highly intense, and you are with a group, pushing yourselves to get it done.  Again, motivation is maximal and incredible.  You accomplish things you couldn't do on your own.  And just when you say you can't do anymore, you're spent, and your attention is focused on all that you're doing, you hear an encouraging voice in a coach or fellow member that motivates you to give a little more.6.  Class directed or on your own, specific stretching targeting mobility and flexibility after the workout.  This is a time to cool down, stretch, and recover. The satisfaction and benefits received are so worth the price of membership.  You get what you pay for.
5	Great training, great peeps!!
5	HERE IS MY BACKGROUND: I played football all through high school. I was THE strongest and one of the fastest guys on the team. I was always the strongest since my freshman year. My dad kept telling me to try this thing called crossfit. He showed me a few videos and WODS and I was like that's it?? You exhaust yourself in 12 minutes and you're done?? No thanks I liked spending 2-3 hours on chest and biceps. Yup that was my training olympic lifting on legs days and chest and biceps. Alternating back and forth.Since I started working at LVAC I became one of those"globo gym" guys that is always lifting right in front of the mirror doing biceps curls watching my biceps pump up. My dad got me the movie Pumping Iron and I loved it so I tried my best to get like Arnold. But then I realized I was starting to gain (bad) weight for the sake of getting stronger and bigger. I had 20 inch arms, 50 inch chest but a 44 inch waist. I was disgusted with myself but at the same time I was happy because I was benching 405 lbs for reps, squatting 500 lbs below parallel, and deadlifting 550lbs (with straps). If you don't see whats wrong with this picture then let me explain. I was on the road to becoming like the Worlds Strongest Man competitors steroids and all. I have looked into it but have never tried it and I am glad I didn't waste my money. So I justified my fat belly with the fact that I was strong. I refused to do cardio and core work because all I wanted to do was lift heavy and get stronger and bigger. Towards the end of my employment with LVAC I weighed in at a nice 276 lbs and I realized that I wanted to go into the military. I saw a recruiter and the first thing he told me was that I needed to lose weight before doing anything with him (bummer). So I did what anyone else would do. I bought insanity and P90X and I lost 25 lbs and plateaued there at 250 lbs. Next membership was at a boxing gym which was definitely a fun place to go. I learned how to box and got pretty good at it but I didn't lose the weight that I needed to. So I thought about it, a lot of military guys were doing crossfit so I tried it but couldnt stick with it and push myself to my very best.INTRO TO CROSSFIT: So I thought about it, a lot of military guys were doing crossfit so I tried doing the WODs on the website but couldnt stick with it and push myself to my very best and I wasnt sure if my form was good or not. This is about the time I decided to train to become a Navy SEAL. I was swimming and running doing P90x and Insanity and boxing at night. But something was missing.  I missed out on core training and functional strength training. I looked up different crossfit gyms around town and I decided to try out the one with the best name, CrossFit Max Effort! It was awesome I came in for a prep course class with Isaac and did a small WOD for about 7 minutes and I almost died but afterwards I felt great. I came back everyday graduating in a week and a half getting ready to start regular CrossFit WODs. It wasn't until halfway through prep course that I learned of the owner, Zach Forrest's prior military service with the Navy. That just made my decision to join that much easier. What's a better way to prepare than with someone who has been there and knows what to expect? I joined the gym and I am telling you it was the best decision I have ever made. TODAY: Crossfit Max Effort is like a family. Most everybody knows everybody and is very friendly. When the opening call comes (5 o clock Crossfit!!!!) everyone crowds around the coach (Zach, Lindsay, Isaac, Nicole, Lauren, or Billy) and the whiteboard as they explain the WOD and the warm ups we do. The warm ups are great because its a way to focus on all the joints that will be used during the workout and also working on the form of all the movements. The WOD is anywhere from 2-50 minutes of pure hell but you love it and push yourself to be better because everyone around you is doing the same encouraging you to go harder. I love this aspect of competition and the push you get from the coaches. They dont want to see you give up they want you to get better. So since joining crossfit I have lost 40 lbs dropped down to 210 lbs my bench press is at about 315 max full ROM, deadlift is still at about 500 lbs, squat about 355 maybe more since I havent 1RMed squats yet. But the more incredible thing is that I can now do handstand push ups, double unders, I can do 15-20 kipping pullups unbroken, run 1 mile in 6:45, and I can snatch and power clean a lot more than I ever thought I would be able to. Oh by the way last week I did my first muscle up ever!!! If you don't know what that is look it up! Maybe I'll go to the Olympics for my skills on the rings. (lol yeah right) My fiance says I am obsessed.... hmmm you know what? I think she is right!! IN OTHER WORDS: Crossfit Max Effort is AWESOME!Thank you Destrominators! Continue in your awesomeness!!!! CFME member Forever!!
5	I was actually kinda nervous and scared to try out CrossFit based on what I'd heard, then I'd seen the crazy $@#! that they do at the CrossFit Games...anyways, one of my friends convinced me to give this place a try.  Best. Move. Ever.  My instructors also double as chiropractors, so I was able to benefit from the regular workout--explanation regarding the technical movement--as well as the biomechanics related to the moves.  So, I felt like I was getting a two-for-one at 5:30am 3 times a week.  Even though getting up tends to be a pain, I felt so much better after the workouts were over.  That and the fact is that this location is right across from the airport and close to the Strip--easily accessible and visible.The workouts are pretty interesting: warmup, stretch, explanation, workout--workout of the day (WOD) or completing as many reps as possible (AMRAP) or  going all out, a cool down and stretch if there's time, then done.  At first I was scared, but the guys and gals made it seem like more of a family-oriented/friendly environment.  Sure, there were times that we were yelling, wanted to puke, and sweat profusely, but the main task was to complete the workout and cheer each other on.  Shout out to my coaches Victor and Josh.  Without them, I probably wouldn't have been able to push through and finish a lot of my workouts.    I like the fact that you can drop in on classes (with a class card or membership) in different gyms throughout the country, there are classes at almost all hours of the day, and they have affordable packages.I went for about a month before time constraints caused me to have to stop for a bit, but I still wanna come back...when my body and schedule allow me to.
5	Honestly, I can't tell you enough how much I feel at home at this Crossfit family. I have trained at two other Crossfit gyms here in LV area & CA, and in my experience the trainer's true dedication behind ensuring I get the BEST results was not there at the other CF gyms as it is here at Crossfit Max Effort. I really appreciate all the extra attention that is given to me without feeling awkward about asking for help & I know that I will succeed in my personal goals here at Crossfit Max Effort. I really enjoy & love working with Lindsay, Isaac, Billy, Zach & all of the others I have been so lucky to be coached by at Crossfit Max Effort. There is no such thing as going to a standard run of the mill gym any longer since it is now replaced with CROSSFIT MAX EFFORT!!This has been the best fitness experience of my life!
5	Thank you for being so accommodating for Megan and I while we were on vacation. This gym trainers were such good teachers that were interested in seeing improvement in strangers they didn't even know. This is the best Crossfit I've seen to include the many crossfits I've been to in Vegas. Thank you so much
5	Back in June of 2012 I decided to give CrossFit a try based on my younger brother's suggestion... After a brief search on Google I found CrossFit Max Effort just a few miles from my house. At the time I made my visit to this gym based on its proximity to my house and now, 7 months later and with various visits to other CF gyms along the West Coast, I can honestly say that this is THE CrossFit gym for you if you're passionate about fitness. I played sports in high school and have always kept in generally adequate physical condition... Alternating between chest & tricep, back & bicep, and legs and shoulder days at the local gym (my standard regimen since HS football). Since starting, CrossFit has shattered my concept of training and fitness in an incredibly positive way. In addition to being the fittest I've ever been, the gym provides a level of camaraderie you simply don't find at this stage in life outside of work. When was the last time you went to dinner with friends you met at the gym? Or partnered up with a stranger for a workout and became friends before the session was over? The culture at CFME is the icing on the cake. The cake being the awesome instruction provided by the coaches. Or maybe the cake is fitness... I don't know, I'm not good at metaphors.I could keep going on, but it would get way too specific and long. What I should have started with: If you want to get in the most incredible shape of your life (no matter where you're starting, 200 pounds overweight with no lifting background or an elite athlete with a Red Bull sponsorship) you should come to CrossFit Max Effort. You'll be doing your future self an enormous service.
5	Thank you to CrossFit Max Effort for having a fantastic drop-in program, great coaches and a beautiful facility!  I was in town for work and dropped in to the 7am morning classes for two days.  I was welcomed into the class and the coach helped me with my technique even though I was only a visitor.  Thank you CrossFit Max Effort!
2	I've been doing CrossFit for about 3 years and recently visited CFME while in Vegas. What a great location with so much room to play! There could be a bit better signage from the road though. I had tried coming here on a previous visit, got confused on the exact location and then they were closed for some reason and I couldn't get in touch with anyone over the phone. This facility looked really cool and they have a huge space and parking lot available that I was hoping we might be using to do tire flips, sled pulls or some other fun stuff to enjoy the nice sunny outdoors.Anyway, this time my friends and I arrived early to fill out the required waiver, etc. but ended up waiting until after the scheduled class time for the coach to arrive. Not really cool... especially since there were another 10 or so visitors waiting also, along with many members. Being a coach myself, I thought this was unacceptable. The coach was nice enough though and made it a point to have the visitors introduce themselves, which I thought was considerate. The warm-up took longer than the actual WOD and since we were already running late, the workout felt rushed. The coach seemed somewhat preachy in her approach and chastised some regular members for joking/chatting, which I didn't agree with since we are adults, not grade-schoolers and we want to have fun, not just workout. BUT, she seemed knowledgable, smiled a lot and was as friendly as she could be considering the big class size.The WOD was not great though. Instead of something a little fun and longer, which a lot of gyms do on Saturdays, we did a 15 min partner AMRAP with rep ranges too long for either partner to really get in a good "sprint" so-to-speak during their time working. I ended up with a rather lame 7 minutes of total work... for $30 (including the t-shirt). Several visitors and members were conferring as to how it could have been split up differently for a better WOD. I did think the option of returning on subsequent days for a "free" workout was a nice gesture instead of having to pay again. But instead of going back to CFME, my friends and I just jogged to the local park, ran stairs, lunged, squatted and did pushups to get a more well-rounded workout for free.In closing, my intent here is not to be a downer but I did want to provide honest feedback from an experienced perspective. I would want the same thing if someone came to my gym.
5	Great place to WOD! Great trainer, great people!
5	After visiting other gyms found the care they give and the detail in which they give it is steps above other gyms.
5	I own a CrossFit gym in Seattle but I travel a fair bit so I have been to quite a few gyms. CrossFit Max Effort is one of the best I have visited. Super knowledgeable trainers and friendly athletes. It is a great space to train in and I will definitely visit again when I am back in town.
5	I travel a lot for work and I get to visit some nice boxes, I will say that my experience at CFME was great, memorable, and I will definitely come back here when I am in town next. The box has a ton of space to run and play.CFME is located conveniently next to the Las Vegas Strip. I walked 3 miles to get to my first drop in class there, but you can easily get there via taxi. Just keep in mind that if you taxi back that Las Vegas taxis aren't the fastest to respond to pick you up. You can also bum a ride from some of the permanent members, just don't be too shy to ask. I just had a lot of time to waste so I thought walking to and fro would be nice, thank goodness it was a nice spring day as I can't imagine doing it in the summer heat.Pricing was just $20 for a drop in, or $30 with a shirt. Returning during the same visiting week was just $5. And signing up was as simple as just walking in. The box gets a lot of visitors a day/week so they are really used to it and make every effort to fit you in and accept you as one of their own immediately. During the call to class (happens 5 mins past the hour) they do the introduction, take names (so you get to meet everyone) and fill up the whiteboard. I was lucky enough to enjoy multiple WODs here. Both WODs were diverse and had a great structured warm up that focused on the WOD itself. I've been to a few boxes where they have a standard warm up that is the same and they do everyday. Here they warmed you up to tackle the WOD so there is some method to the madness. Staff is extremely knowledgable and pays close attention to all of the athletes in attendance. If you think there is just one coach lurking around and you can slack off, there's always another one that's just hiding in the shadows to pounce on you and keep you motivated. They give you the right kind of motivation and remind you of form above all else, I've been to some boxes where it seems they want you to crank out quantity over quality, here was definitely quality over quantity.My only complaint is that there is no huge sign with neon lights that says CROSSFIT MAX EFFORT LAS VEGAS, NEVADA. It was easy enough to find though.
1	I visited this gym while I was vacationing in Vegas over the holidays.  If you are going here as a DROP-IN go somewhere else.  First, the place is difficult to find; there is no sign or help to direct you the right way, which doesn't make much sense considering they advertise they are one of the most visited gyms in the country.  You would think they would make it easier to find.  Second, when we did finally find the gym the trainer was not friendly.  We walked in and said hello and the response we got was just a heavy sigh and "sign in here, change over there"  It definitely made us feel NOT WELCOME.  The guy didn't even say "Hi"  or "Welcome" or even "Hey where are you guys from".  NOTHINGThe worst part about my experience at this Box was the fact that the Lenny Kravitz look-a-like trainer was rude and arrogant.  It was clearly obvious he did not want to help.  There were more drop-ins than just myself and my friend and several of us were confused because he acted as though we knew the daily routine of his gym.  I then watched him ridicule a drop-in I didn't know for his weight choice.  There are clearly better ways to coach someone.I have been crossfitting for over 3 years and I have never experienced a drop-in like this.They clearly do not represent what the crossfit community is about.  I hope I just caught him on a bad day...Go to CrossFit Las Vegas instead.
5	CrossFit Max Effort was an awesome experience.  The coaches were super supportive. I worked with Lindsay and Zack; both were very patient with me and provided me with some great tips as a new CrossFitter that I intend to use at home. The other CrossFit members in both my classes were also really friendly and supportive.  I've only done CrossFit for 3 months and I was pretty nervous about going to another gym.  However, everyone made me feel welcomed and I had a great experience.  I will definitely return.
5	I wrote a review, but apparently it was on the other CFME Yelp profile....so here it is.Where to begin. WOW. I ventured over to CrossFit Max Effort for their SuperHero week, free classes for anyone interested in trying it out. I was extremely nervous. All that disappeared when I was greeted by so many nice people. Our instructor for the day, Nicole, was the fittest chick ever. She asked my name, introduced herself....and we got started. Never again will I be able to go to another gym. I'm truly addicted from the start. Since most of us in the SuperHero class were new, Nicole took her time going through each move making sure we all had it down before going into the workout. And boy was it a workout. It lasted only 10 minutes, but it was an amazing, challenging, awesome, hard, sweaty 10 minutes. My body felt rocked, but I felt awesome! I went back the next day to sign up for the Prep Class course. I am more excited about going to CFME than I am about most things. It works the body and mind. Thank you CFME, for a great experience and i'm looking forward to our relationship growing. I LOVE CFME!
5	I decided to visit CFME again recently while in Vegas and felt compelled to write an updated review. Man, I'm feeling pretty bad about my previous review. Maybe I was grumpy that day! ;)  Also, I shouldn't base my rating on the specific workout for the day just because I don't really like the movements.Anyhoo... this particular visit was a great one! I was totally late getting to their new location (which is awesome!) because I initially just showed up at their old spot. Zach was incredibly friendly and accommodating and I really appreciated him letting me slide into the class. While I am very familiar with all CrossFit movements, I thought it was great that he specifically reviewed movements that we were working on, cuz one cannot just assume everyone knows what's up. Good energy, great space, clean bathrooms! I was bummed I couldn't make it back the next day too, but will certainly return! Thanks Zach!
5	Hands down the best crossfit gym in las vegas, they have stayed consistent since I can remember going back 2008 before I moved to san diego in 2009. After visiting several cf gyms in SD I wasn't impressed with the facilities or the coaches. Maybe I was spolied by the top notch coaching and attention to detail the coaches were about form. When I moved back to LV in 2011 I couldnt wait to get back crossfit lv...which was changed to crossfit max effort, walked in the doors and Zach the owner immediately recognized me and greeted me with a smile and asked where the hell have I been. At that point I signed up and couldn't be happier. Zach and his wife Lindsay have created an amazing brand and a strong sence of camaraderie. If your looking for a crossfit gym while visiting then look no further, if your looking to try cf then come on down and check  us out.
5	Best Crossfit Gym Ever!
5	After moving from Texas where my crossfit/weight loss journey began. I was stressed to find a box that could match up with former box. I tried four boxes while looking for a home and then I found max effort. Anyone that has crossfitted (not sure if that's a word) know that the box you choose is an important and can be like the 1st day of a new high school.  Not only are all the members supper cool but the coaches were crazy personal and professional.
