2	I originally switched my car insurance over to State Farm with Linda in the summer of 2008. Since then my husband has added his vehicle, we obtained homeowner's insurance through her and added a third vehicle we purchased this year. We were also in the process of adding insurance for my wedding ring and deciding on life insurance that would best fit our needs but was still affordable for us right now.With all of the above insurance we have through Linda we had an expectation of being treated with exceptional customer service. We have not been. She stopped responding to our emails and phone calls and instead one of her assistants does. Both are incredibly hard to deal with, they never know what is going on with our policies, can not provide accurate information, and usually can not answer questions with a straight forward answer. They seem very unorganized and while Linda is very friendly these assistant's you are actually forced to deal with are not. We are in the process of switching over our insurance to someone that makes us feel comfortable, is organized, and we do not dread receiving phone calls from. I would definitely not recommend taking your insurance needs to this office.
1	We wrote Linda an email about 2 weeks ago explaining we are switching all of our insurance to someone else beginning the 23rd of November (we got the exact same homeowners insurance at Allstate for almost $200 less dollars) and how we felt and she, or someone else in her office, never even replied.
5	I recently shopped life insurance and found Linda's help to be above and beyond that expected.  State Farm's tiered rating was extremely helpful and process was much  more streamline than other insurance companies I have worked with. Staff at Linda's office were also very friendly.  I would definitely shop them/her for your insurance needs!
5	Excellent customer service! Linda Dyster and her staff are super helpful and always very professional. Been with this agency for over 5 years. My family has had a few claims (frown) but Linda and her team are awesome and have helped us navigate the process with ease. Highly recommend!
5	Thankfully, Linda has removed my need to continue doing the annual "shopping for the best deal on insurance" task. I recently met with her for an IFR (Insurance and Financial Review) and was thoroughly impressed with the experience. She has been my insurance agent for a bit over 3 years and continues to one up herself each time I interact with her and her staff.I went into the IFR with the need to make several changes/additions to my insurance policy and State Farm financial services. Linda literally took a page of notes throughout the meeting on action items which required follow-up or additional information. She was prompt in completing her particular actions before her committed dates and followed up with me throughout the process to answer my additional questions. Due to the amount of modifications to my policy and her wanting to thoroughly review and explain all the nuances of what we were covering, our meeting ran a little longer than expected. Another client came in at the tail end of our meeting to which Linda briefly excused herself to go greet (Receptionist had left for the day as Linda was very accommodating to my full schedule and took my meeting towards the end of her business hours. Another huge A++ for this awesome commitment to take care of her customers). Linda came back after a brief moment and through the remainder of the meeting never even once remotely appeared as if she was rushing to get me out the door to accommodate the other client, even as I continued to ask additional clarification questions during our wrap-up.Her office has always provided me with the same quality of service throughout the 3+ years, regardless of how many of their services I was currently a customer of. Highly recommended for something as important as insurance and finances are.
