4	I Love this place, everyone is really nice. I see Esmeralda every two weeks. I am very pleased with my nails. I love the nail art she does. My hubby was having a bad pain on the bottom of his foot Dr prescribed meds and nothing worked. He went to see Esmeralda and she solved his issues. He hasn't complained of his foot hurting since. The only problem is he no loves getting pedi's. I find there prices to be reasonable to other places. I suggest everyone go see Esmeralda!!!! The directions here are incorrect. They are located on Nellis and Stewart behind USwirl and next to Cici's Pizza.
5	I am a guy who hates having anyone touch feet yet I realize the importance of having healthy feet so my place of choice is Kiki's now and yes Esmeralda is my favorite employee to see she's confident and make sure the my feet feel the absolute best they can be.
5	Just got a stone pedi here. It was amazing! They really take their time and massage you thoroughly and they pay attention to detail when painting your nails. Prices are very reasonable. Definitely going back!
5	I absolutely love this salon! So on the 4th of July my nails were looking pretty bad and I was in desperate need of a fill so I literally walked into probably 5 random nail places. Everywhere was packed and no one even acknowledged that I had entered or gave me a wait time which annoyed me. Right when I was about to give up I randomly came their salon. Let me tell you, they are a bunch of the most friendly ladies I have ever had the pleasure of meeting in a salon. Even if they are packed you will always be greeted and asked how they can help you. Plus everyone speak English all the time! I've noticed that there is always regulars in there including the sweetest elderly man who gets a pedicure. The girls are always conversing with the clients and genuinely seem interested in what they are telling them. It like an awesome therapy session something's hAhahaha   The salon is very very clean. When you wash your hands they actually have a drawer with clean towels instead of paper towels. The pedicure area is awesome. The message chairs huge an they even have a game console like they do at bars for you to play. So now my usually nail girl is Jazalyn and she always does a great job. I'm pretty sure she uses high quality products because I've never had acrylics last as long as with her without lifting. I was going a month in between fills. She did get me to finally switch over to natural gel nails which I love and I've been getting them redone about every 3 weeks. Unfortunately she is going on maternity leave till March so I'll be switching over to Nora. But honestly I'd feel comfortable going with any of them. Prices are about normal. When I was getting acrylics it was $15-20 depending on what I had done. Gel manicure is $30 or if you just get a gel polish change it's $20. I'm lucky that u live 5min away from this place but even if I didn't is drive across twin to come here they are so great. You leave with a truly happy salon experience.
5	At kikai's nails with my new bestie nail tech Esmeralda.  Awesome! !!! Never in my life felt better. Great atmosphere and everyone is super friendly. Best nail salon ever!!!
