2	We came here were not in any hurry just chatting with friends. The food took forever and the just for a glass of wine took 15 minutes. When the food did come, my friends steak which was suppose to be med-rare came out well done. The waiter did get get him another steak and take it off the bill. But we were still disappointed with the entire evening. We will not return, and wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
4	We went here for dinner last night after purchasing a Groupon for the restaurant. It's a nice and clean restaurant with some friendly staff. I was a bit nervous because when we walked in at 6pm with a reservation I was shocked to see that there were only two other tables sat, and two more came in while we ate. The place is plenty big but just didn't draw a crowd by the time we left at a little after 7. Despite the quietness of the place, the food was excellent and the service was decent. Oh, and the best thing about going then was that Saturday's are 1/2 price bottle of wine nights, so we got a bottle for a little more than the price of one glass. Our waitress was either new or having an off-night. We had to ask her if there were any specials and we also had to confirm that it was 1/2 price bottle of wine night. The other waitress serving some of the other tables did a much better job of informing the customers of what the restaurant offered. However, our waitress was very attentive and checked on us multiple times throughout the course of our dinner.For an appetizer we had the salmon flatbread ($8). I was expecting a crispy, cheesy appetizer but it was four huge sandwich wedges of the smoked salmon and cold, mushy pita with cream cheese. The salmon tasted wonderful but I think I was anticipating a crunch that just wasn't meant to be. For dinner I had the 12oz ribeye ($24) that was served with hand-cut fries. The steak was cooked to a perfect medium rare and was extremely tender. It was also one of the leanest ribeyes I had ever ordered at a restaurant. Sadly, the fries were a bit soggy and oily, but at least they were fresh and not frozen. The miss' got the seafood pasta ($16) which contained fresh, homemade pasta mixed with shrimp and scallops. The homemade pasta was awesome and the scallops were cooked perfectly. All in all, it was a great night. The half-priced bottle of wine, the steak and the seafood pasta were all delicious. I wasn't ecstatic with our appetizer but that wouldn't stop me from going back and trying something else. I would definitely go back to Firewater again, especially on a Saturday night!
4	I used my Living Social deal and was pleasantly surprised how good the food was. The apps were reasonably priced entrees maybe a bit to high for the area. Happy to see a non chain restaurant in the university area. Would definitely go back again
3	The seafood bisque and the shrimp and grits were awesome (even if I had to wolf it town in 10 minutes to get on a conference call that was postponed anyway...) BUT the service was SLLLOOOOWWWW... The wait-staff wasn't very well trained to take orders for drinks, appetizers, and meals at appropriate times... *shrug*
4	Beautiful bar with some great jazz and blues going on in the background. Can't wait to try the food. I was stopping by for a drink after work it wasn't very busy which is sad. The decor is fantastic a good wine list I will def be back!
5	Husband & I were thinking where we should go out for our wedding anniversary dinner.  We didn't feel much like going out where it would take 30minutes or more for a great dinner, which would include venturing downtown Charlotte (driving, parking, walking, crowds).  So I went on YELP to check what might be decent right here in the University area.  The reviews for Fire Water were overall very good so we gave it a try.  IT IS NOW OUR FAVORITE RESTAURANT! (Thank you fellow Yelp members).The establishment feels more on the up-scale as if you were in dowtown Charlotte, but at least you can find parking right out front and it wasn't crazy-busy.  It's a nice dining atmosphere and I absolutely love the pond view seatings.  I can't wait to come by during the warmer season and sit out at the patio - very charming.Waitress was very friendly and attentive.  We chose the bluecrab cake and seafood bisque for starters, my husband & I splitting each.  The blue crab cake was excellent and really worth the $$, even though it was only one.  It is nothing like typical crab cakes you'd find at say, a Red Lobster - nothing!   Beautifully displayed, fresh, and quality-chef-prepared - delicious!  Seafood bisque - creamy and yummy.  Entree's -  I had the pan seared tuna and he had the ribeye.  The tuna was sooo fresh, and just melted in my mouth!  The waitress told me that the tuna is typically purchased fresh, no more than 48 hrs in advance and this tuna just came in that day.  Ribeye was cooked perfectly to order (medium rare).  Each entree is presented beautifully - chef quality.  We each had just one cocktail.  What is noteable here is that you get a really exquisite meal for a very good price.  Our meal was just about $100 (not including the tip).  We didn't have desert, but we are not much of desert-people plus the meal was plentiful.I highly recommend!!  We will be back!(The only negative is the restroom...  I found the restroom quite dark, un-clean, and maybe beyond their control but there was a sewage-type smell.  And, the floors were sticky, yuck!  Surprising to me, considering the rest of the establishment seemed very clean)
4	I used the voucher from living social and was pleased to find the service was very pleasant and the food was quite nice (delicious sirloin steak and very tasty tuna blt) but watch out with the drinks, I found them over the top. The least expensive glass of red wine (the house wine!) was $9 and my husband beer (dunkel) was $6, coffee and tea $3.
3	Service was nice but food just okay.  Presentation was a bit off -- I ordered a dinner salad and it was packed into a small bowl.  I wished I had a spare plate to move some food out.  I ordered dessert of creme brulee which did not have the sugar on top carmelized so it was sweet like cotton candy. Not a lot of dinner options in the area for groups so might go back again.
5	Talk about lunch!  Came here for a business seminar & the food was so awesome that I forgot how bored I really was......
4	Really enjoyed our dinner here.  Great atmosphere. Minor downside: Our waitress was a little "cool" but I don't think she was getting my husband's humor or was maybe just having a bad day. She wasn't rude but not what I expect of a higher end waitstaff.  On the other hand, the hostess (even though new) was super friendly and cheerful as was the bartender.Now, onto the highlights - LOVED the food here...Apps: Was looking forward to the tuna tacos from the website instead they had Grilled Tuna Tacos.  Yum - quite a bit of kick and very tasty, nice presentation. Small portion so I'm glad we ordered some other apps for the table.  Drunken Mussels - really good.  My hubby isn't a mussel fan but he was scarfing them up.  Lamb Sliders - very flavorful, nice presentation too.  I think I could easily come here and just do tapas for dinner.  I had the Shrimp and Risotto (twist on Shrimp and Grits).  It was awesome.  I really enjoyed the flavor and texture of the dish. Our friends had a steak and the grilled salmon. They both thoroughly enjoyed their meals.  My husband got the rack of lamb and he also raved about how good it was and prepared perfectly.Since my stepson will be attending UNCC in the fall, we'll be back in this area and I suspect we will be making this one of our frequent stops when in town.
4	I visited this place for the first time tonight. I must say that even though I was only at the bar area, the venue was nice and the drink menu had a full, creative list of martini's. After a while, the bartender even offered up a complimentary "Red Velvet Cake" dessert shot! The only food i snacked on was some french fries -- which for only $3 you get a plate full. I'd like to go back and actually have dinner. Give this place a try.
1	Went on their "3$ vodka Wednesday.. Not only was it advertised on their website, but it was also on their facebook page. I even wrote a review"Well , this isn't exactly true is it? Came here last night for e special. ..Manager/Bartender completely uninformed and dint honor specials. Knew nothing about it. Family used to come here a few times a month- never again. Customer service-=horrid service". What I didn't add to the Facebook page was that the manager said he would "take care of us", which I can only assume meant ignore us the entire time and do nothing for the bill and then take down my post off of Facebook later. YES they removed my comments later and reported me as spam. I definitely will not return. The food is not that great , nor was the service
3	So far I have been to this restaurant twice in the last couple of weeks, which were last Thursday for dinner and today for lunch. I decided to document each experience separately so that I do not confuse anyone. On 9/27, I came for dinner with some friends from out of town who were staying at the Hilton. We were seated quickly and our waiter was charming. He gave some guidance regarding what menu items were most popular and raved about the tuna and the fact that they get it from water to restaurant in about two days as well as how yummy the sweet potato wedges were. It was the lamb burger that caught my eye on the menu, my friends ordered the salmon with coconut rice, as well as the shrimp tacos. We all loved our food. The only thing that was a bit of a downer was that they were out of sweet potato fries. My lamb burger was juicy, well seasoned, and perfectly cooked but it was so SMALL!  We did stay to have dessert and elected to go with the flourless chocolate cake and the creme brulee cheesecake which was suprisingly light and not overly sweet. Today, I went for lunch with a group of ladies that I lunch with once a month.  Our waiter came over took our drink and food order and then went on about his day. The restaurant had a total of 8 customers in it and we made up 5 of the 8 customers. Our wait for food was WAY long and the waiter did not even come over to update us. So, we inquired about it and low and behold our food finally arrived. After inquiring about the tuna, which they were out of, Five of us ordered the lamb burger and  one ordered the fish tacos. The best part was that the sweet potato fries were back so we ordered them as our side dish with the burgers. The burger it was just as juicy and well seasoned as I remembered, but it was even SMALLER than I remembered last week. It was as if they took the burger used for the lamb sliders and put it on a regular bun. Ok, it was slightly more meat than that, but not by much!  Everyone enjoyed the taste of the burger, but all agreed that it could have been bigger. FireWater has the bones to be a great place, but it seems like they are still working out all of the kinks of being a new restaurant.  Good: Food ("beef" up those lamb burgers!), outside seating, entertainment in eveningBad: fruit flies/gnats, slow service, service charge on bill (what is that???)
4	New menu- with lots of old faves! Beautiful outdoor patio, cigar friendly ( love smell which reminds me of husband who occasionally smokes)Was here solo for a conference at local hotel. Chase took good care of me, the weather was fab! Saturday there is a pianist.Now to the food: their secret balsamic  dressing recipe needs to be whispered in my ear-- wow!! Had steak which was cooked to temperature & tender. Pimento cheese hash was off the hook!!! Give me a shovel, hello!!!Everyone was attentive and friendly. The inside  atmosphere is lively and classy but not too stuffy or loud. Tv in bar for basketball fans on this important evening!!Will return next year for my annual conference-- can't wait to see predictable quality with some fun, creative additions!!
3	Had my first meal here, and it's quite dark in here. My co-worker had a mini flashlight and used that to look at the menu! The restaurant looks cozy and sleek when you walk in, but their food is not overly expensive. They have this 6 oz sirloin deal that comes with a salad and white cheddar mashed potatoes for only $14! what a steal! I went with the firewater salad as a starter, which was mixed greens, strawberries, pineapples, candied pecans, goat cheese and balsamic vinegarette. It was decent, but the pineapples were canned I believe. For my entree, I went with the healthier option of the Sesame Tuna, which was a sesame crusted rare tuna, which also came with a soy vinagerette, coconut rice, and sauteed vegetables. The dish was pretty darn tasty, although the coconut rice was very overpowering.All in all, a decent meal, but not the greatest I've had.
3	Food and drinks are decent.. Maybe a little overpriced on the food. The staff is really great. DEAD on a Friday night. They need a DJ who plays house and techno
2	We came here on our wedding anniversary last year and decided to do the same this year with another couple.  I was so very disappointed.  Reservations got screwed up; I requested 7pm but they had me for 5pm.  (I think I had made my reservations online at around 5pm)  Not too big of a deal.  We waited at the bar, had a drink and appetizers.  It was nice of them to offer the first round of drinks on the house.  Bangin Shrimp and seared tuna were excellent; steamed mussels were fresh but because I prefer wine & garlic prep over their spicy broth, I didn't quite care for it.  We also were advised that they just recently had an ownership change.  'Gasp!!'  Different menu and some of the chefs had changed.  They no longer had their fantastic crab cakes in the appetizer list.  We had that last year and we were so looking forward to it!  In retrospect, we should have left after drinks and appetizers.Dinner was what ruined it all.  My friend's seared tuna dinner was not warm at all.  It appeared it was not served immediately and cooled off. Tuna, rice and veggies were all cool.  She had it taken back and they re-did it and they promptly served.My husband's meal was pathetic.  He ordered the surf & turf which should have been alaskan crab legs and a 6 oz sirloin w/ white cheddar mashed potatoes.  1) This dish was also sitting out instead of being served immediately.  So naturally, nothing was warm including the mashed potatoes 2)  The sirloin was complete junk.  Three small bites of steak and the sirloin was done because the rest was fat and gristle.  They should be ashamed of serving that cut of meat on a sirloin plate because it should have been throw away meat.  3)  Alaskan crab?  I think not.  Let's say snow crab so naturally there was very little crab meat to pull out of it. He is typically not one to have a meal taken back and he didn't on this one either.   For $24, a complete waste.My other friend had a burger and he was happy with his meal. I had the seared salmon dinner which must have been the last dish cooked before serving because my salmon was hot, although the rice and veggies were a little cool.Our waitress was pleasant but her attentiveness borders fair-poor.  It was a very long wait between drinks.  We had ordered more drinks (3 martini's and 1 beer) but neither of us had ONE drink throughout our dinner.  I mean, one of us had a bottle of beer, yet couldn't get that served?  We didn't even have iced water served until after our meal was served.  It may be more the bar at fault but I think the waitress shares some of that fault.After this experience, I highly doubt we will entertain dinner here again. I didn't like the menu and the meal itself was comparable to an Applebee's but certainly not the price of Applebee's!  Perhaps just a drink and appetizers but that's it.
5	Awesome! Awesome! Awesome!
3	I'm not certain, but I'm fairly positive Firewater is Lava reincarnated, but with a new name. Now, I never made it to Lava but even trying Firewater was a stretch. I don't why, but the exterior just doesn't appeal to me.Once inside....much of the same story... The decor is um..odd. Kinda contemporary American, with what I can only describe as miss-moshed Italian flair. Food was eh, just okay. Penne was used for the mac n cheese........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................The ribeye was a low, I mean "looooooooooow down dirty shame" low grade cut. I guess, at $16 or $18 whatever it was, I should have known. $16 isn't cheap by any means, but for a ribeye..that's criminal. Can we say USDA grade D?Now to the good stuff. The NY strip:Now this is a steak. Far from Del Frisco's, but great cut and what a steak should look like. The drinks: As the name implies, they seem to specialize in cocktails..Martinis.$8 Dirty Martini:Yea buddy. This price might be the cheapest in town.
3	I just came here for a drink on a Friday night when the Wine Vault had a mediocre folk singer out front. It's not a bad bar, attractive in a trendy kind of way. I actually didn't even realize there was a restaurant back there, from the way it's set up. A little loud, a little flashy, lots of big TVs in case you don't feel like talking to your date. They set me up with a tasty Hendricks G&T which was all I really needed.
2	Mediocre-to-below-mediocre.I stopped in for a dinner after not being impressed by the look of anything in the lake location.  The waitress was attentive, sweet, relatively quick, but used every single pet name (sweetie, honey, etc, etc) known to mankind.  The menu was in one of those plastic sleeve things and was somewhat sticky. I know this shouldn't be a big deal, but for some reason a week later it sticks out, not even in a draft I'd penned: the glassware seemed outdated. I never notice things like glassware, but its just etched in my mind. Anyway....Had an order of the wings, hot.  They were somewhat bland in flavor but had a good crisp to them.  The carrots served with them were bendy in the "they've been sitting a while somewhere humid" way.  Shrimp tacos were next, they were served on flour tortillas with coconut rice. I found them a bit slimy, and overly sauced. The coconut rice was very, very sweet, and dry.If I come back to Charlotte, I'll skip this place.Clean from what I saw, but only visited the bar area. Heard live music as I walked by another night.
1	Honestly, I'm giving it one star because I don't think it'll let me give them 0. Bad food, worse service, even worse "entertainment"...and those are the nicest things I can say about it...
1	This space has so much possibility.  They are in a great location, with a beautiful outdoor patio.  The interior of the restaurant has potential, but it needs some TLC.  Chipped paint and scuff marks on the walls.  The bar area is very nice and has the high ceilings,  some tasteful decor and a fresh coat of paint would really make me take this place seriously as an upscale dining choice.  However, a fresh coat of paint and cohesive, updated decor can not make up for the below par food.  The menu also needs some updating-again- identity crisis- what does Firewater want to be?  An upscale, overpriced version of Chili's, Applebee's, Fridays, or an excellent unique gem in University City?  I dined at Firewater on Friday.  The hostess who seated me acted as if she were doing me a favor and gave me a lot of attitude when I asked if I could be seated far away from the very large speaker on the patio. (there was apparently a private party later that night)My waitress was very personable, friendly and efficient.  I ordered the Ribeye Pork Chops and the grilled seasonal vegetables on the side.  The meal was bland, and nothing I couldn't make at home-better.  For dessert, I ordered the Creme Brulee.  This is by far one of my favorite desserts, but not at Firewater.  It was cold through and through, which means that the top, carmelized crust, the "Brulee" was actually done hours earlier and then just served cold.  I understand that each dessert cannot be made to order, but while 98% of the dessert is made in advance, the Brulee needs to be done right before serving.  I would go back for drinks on the patio, but one last comment on Firewater's ongoing identity crisis.  After 9, 10 pm on weekend nights, the bar area turns into a rather uninviting Ghetto nightclub?  Very strange/confusing- definitely cheapens the place and undermines any credibility as an upscale dining venue.
2	The Brunch over the weekend is just ehhh... it's sometimes good, sometimes it's not.
1	I am sitting at the bar watching the bartenders stock the bar instead of ask me if I wish to order dinner or care for another beer.So I unable to review the food. Beer is cold  and service....not good. I am outta here.Appeared to be a place I would like.
3	This restaurant is easy to get to when meeting my North Charlotte friends.  The interior is nice, and it also features a beautiful outdoor area.I met a friend for dinner recently and was immediately seated and offered a drink.  When my friend arrived, it took him a little longer to get a drink, and they happened to be out of the beer he requested.  However, the waiter brought him a similar beverage.  We ordered the fried pickles with Ranch dressing.  The pickles were thick sliced, and they were not greasy.For his entree, my friend ordered a rib sandwich.  It came with fries, and he also ordered the Mac and cheese.  He was pleased with the generous amount of food.I am a vegetarian who happens to like Cobb salads without the chicken and bacon.  However, when I ordered the salad as such, the waiter began to laugh and act like I was foolish to leave off the meat.  "If that's how you want it," he chuckled.  I should not have had to tell him this, but I instructed him to include whatever extra veggies were available on the salad.  This is Charlotte, people.  This is not Morganton, NC, where you have illiterate servers who become dumbfounded when they discover that you don't like meat.  He would not have batted an eye if I requested no avocado.  But, the chef made up for the waiter's lack of finesse.  A salad was delivered, complete with egg, avocado, tomatoes and grilled vegetables.  My only complaint is that the Gorgonzola crumbles were few to none, but, all in all, the salad was good.
1	This was a horrible experience. We came with a party of 20. Then it took 55 minutes just to split the checks! Enough said.
1	Worst bar ever! You should consider yourself lucky to be served a drink when the place is barely even busy. The drafts are way over priced and taste horrible because they do not maintain the lines. I had a pale ale that tasted like apples because there was a cider on the line before. They have to have a yeast monster in there somewhere because last time I had 2 beer and woke up hung over. Avoid at all costs unless they have live music.
3	Cool little place with nice vibe and good food. While I like it I find my self wanting more and think it could be so much more with a few little things.
1	First of all- we had to argue with the manager about the ad on their website for $10 all you can drink Mimosas until 3pm- the waiter said "oh that's not during the Winter." Well your website doesn't say that at all. Then the manager said "oh that's for the Lake Norman location." Well NO- the website says it's at the Charlotte location. Plus we got there at 2:15ish and began asking about the special then the manager said it was until 2:30 which by this time it was 2:30 and on top of all that he was terribly RUDE.We ended up getting the watered down Mimosas for #10. But this place is NOT where you want to spend your hard earned money- he didn't appreciate our business at all! I DONT RECOMMEND FIREWATER. Food was Mediocre.
4	We really liked the food. Steak and bean burger was great! Waitress took forever getting back to us when we were trying to pay our check though.
1	TERRIBLE. The nacho appetizer arrived cold with bag, not fried chips.  The rajun cajun pasta had too much sauce. 5 strips of chicken and 4 shrimp.  Not to mention me and my companion spent must of the meal swatting gnats.  Added to the lousy food the service was slow and lackadaisical.  NEVER AGAIN
2	My friends and I decided to come to Fire Water to get something to eat before prom. I saw that the health rating was a 90. We ordered our drinks and my pineapple juice came in a really small glass. I didn't think it was worth the price. We ordered our Caesars salad and it was a typical salad nothing special. When we got our entree it was well portioned but it lacked taste. I ordered dessert and it tasted frozen. I hated it and they gave me a different one which was also not that great. I ordered another pineapple juice and this time it was in a bigger glass and they charged me the same price. I didn't understand why the first glass was smaller and they charged me the same as the big glass. Our waiter barely came to our table. I will most likely not come back.
3	The outdoor seating was nice. The service was attentive. Food was meh.The shrimp taco had a huge chunk of avocado (yum) and shrimp was well seasoned but the sauce was yucky. My friend had chicken alfredo and liked it.
4	Although they had a cover charge (yeah, a restaurant with a cover charge???), the food was actually on point. We ordered 5 different items:Brie cheese and fruitCrab legsPrime rib sandwich Fried trioRatatouille ravioli And every one had an entirely different flavor. We were pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food and drinks. Staff was slow to take order, but food came out quick. Would definitely come again... If they took off that stupid cover charge off the meal ticket. Thanks Farshad for excellent and attentive service.
2	My experience with this restaurant was really... odd. My husband and I were in the area for a concert and decided to stop here for dinner beforehand. It looked pretty cool from the outside - trendy, hookah bar set up on the patio, etc. Once inside, we were seated quickly by someone who looked like he was probably a manager. The problem, though, was that we ended up going to three tables before we found one that wasn't broken. The first was a booth where the seat was completely deattached, the second was a table that wobbled so much you'd spill your drink. We ended up at another booth that was fine... but had caused damage to the wall it was up again. The decor is weird. It looks like they're trying to be modern but the furniture is outdated and damaged. Plus, it wasn't very clean. From our booth, you could see a shelf that lead to the bar area and it was covered in hair and dust. There was trash on it that had fallen behind the bar as well... can they not see that??Our waitress was actually very attentive and sweet; very knowledgeable about the menu and willing to give her advice. She was pretty quick considering they were very under staffed.The food was mediocre at best. My husband had the FireWater Burger and I had the FireWater Chicken. You'd think these would be pretty awesome since they're named after the restaurant but they were 'ok'. I think the burger was better than the chicken but his fries were super bland. My chicken was actually pretty tasty but the presentation was disgusting. I don't even want to describe what the plate looked like. I can imagine that it has been sent back in the past because of the way it looks. The good news, is that the veggies are fresh and pretty flavorful.We also ordered the cream of broccoli soup before our meal. This was actually pretty good! The broccoli was fresh and added a little "crunch" which was unique. My only critique is that it was a little salty but that could just be my taste.I also found it odd that they didn't have beverage napkins, etc. There was nothing on the table to soak up the condensation from your glasses and so the table was always wet. At one point (because the table wasn't level) water actually started dripping off of the table on to my lap.There seemed to be live music going on upstairs; I think they do private events. We couldn't help but laugh, though, when we saw a microphone wire hanging randomly from the staircase going upstairs. It actually swung and hit another customer in the head at one point.The bar looked kind of neat so if you go back, maybe check out the bar or the patio. Or, just go to Applebee's across the street.
3	Okay, let's get the good parts out of the way... The food was really good. I had the FireWater salad, which had dark greens, cranberries, candied pecans, apples, goat cheese & balsamic viegarette. It was super tasty, but kinda small for the price. I also got the veggie medley & coconut rice. They're sides, but I don't eat meat, so I was happy. I felt though, like the total of $9 for some rice & veggies was a bit high. It's JUST rice and veggies, y'all. My husband got the blackened tilapia fish tacos. He said they were very good, but the meal only came with two, and for the price, there probably should have been three. He also got the cheddar mashed potatoes, which I sampled and they were very creamy and smooth. All in all, I would give the food four stars, but it really wasn't super special or unique. Not many options for vegetarians, but that happens. So, the rest... there were two groups of loud women there, and we were sat between them, which sucked because we were there for a quiet dinner out. We asked to be moved. The waiter obliged, understandingly. Once we were moved, we were bugged again by the awful club music. I am all about some LMFAO at the gym, but not on a romantic dinner date. We also were serenaded by Lil John & Rhiana. Blah. I went to the restroom before leaving & it was a hot mess. There was tp everywhere. The counter/sink area was kinda nasty, as was the floor. Two of three stalls were totally unusable. The air in the restaurant wasn't moving much & I felt sticky/flushed the whole time. The waiter was nice and attentive, which was a plus and made the experience tolerable. Bcause it didn't really give me that "wow" feeling, I probably would not recommend this place to a friend or go back on my own, but if I had to go for a group event, I could deal.
4	Okay, I'll open as always by saying that I am a culinary student with extremely high expectations for restaurant quality.  I've worked in restaurants from Uptown Charlotte, all the way to the Hollywood Brown Derby in Disney World. I'd like to think I know good food when I eat it.  Now, FireWater, yes. Overall I believe that FW is a great bar with a good atmosphere. I have been here several times and feel that I have had pretty consistent results.  The food is always good, the new Exec is creative and certainly talented, and the service staff is friendly even in the busiest of rushes. I've never had a problem with the way my food was prepared, and I've never had any issue with the staff. The only thing I dislike about the restaurant is that despite their label as "American New" there really isn't terribly much of a true theme. There is obvious Mediterranean influence, and then there are spots of French, Italian, Mexican, and Asian all over the place.  I understand that America is kind of this tossed salad of various different cultures but I feel that if they specialized just a little bit more and maybe cut ten percent of their menu, they'd be able to improve on the subtle shortcomings I've noticed in some of their dishes.  Overall, I think firewater is a great place to eat and have fun. They have a great location in a great area and I hope to see them succeed long into the future.  Fun fact: One of the owners is former Charlotte Checkers player and coach Shawn Wheeler.
2	Didn't eat, only had a drink. Place was in dire need of some TLC. Bar area was dirty.
1	So please tell me why this "restaurant" stops selling food before 10PM when they are open until 2AM....
3	Nice looking restaurant. Great bar area. Very nice outdoor seating area as well, when the weather is nice. Very diverse menu ranging from burgers, fish tacos and steaks.Been here a few times.  Always a good time. That said, not sure any of the entrees have ever stood out as great.  Just okay or good.  My last entree was the fish tacos. Probably will not order that again. Just okay.So in summary, very nice looking restaurant with decent food.  Good for large parties as well.
