3	This place is somewhat new in the hood... it's just like Filiberto's... same level of quality.  I have been here a few times and it seems thier chicken items (chicken burrito and chicken quesadilla) are better.  Either way it's gonna be a gut bomb so grab some tums and have fun.
5	The best freaking tortilla I have ever had in my life, hands down!  Yes, I'm a ****bertos addict and just when I didn't think it couldn't get any better it did!!!  I just got back from Mexico and this is still the best burrito I have EVER HAD.  Adobada ROCKS!  I have seriously eaten at almost every dive mexican joint in the Phoenix area and will go out of my way to eat here from now on.  Great drive through service and the LARGE size red AND green sauces are the bomb!!!
4	Big Fan of this 24hr spot in the Biltmore area. Not the hood ...lol (Jason's post). As far as Mexican spots in central phx/biltmore area...this is your spot. This tops my list of places I luv late night but try to stay away from...lol...to avoid packing on those extra pounds.I Totally recommend the Carne Asada Burrito and the Green Avacado salsa...soo good. I wish they sold it bottled up.The food is excellent and you always get too much .....
4	The "hood" is a colloquialism not intended to imply "ghetto" or any particularly dangerous neighborhood. I am a proud resident of the Biltmore 'hood and my neighbors are retired Mormon doctors who all own corgis and drive Buicks and have umbrellas with "Vanguard Investments" emblazoned on them.Anyway, even though the neighborhood isn't particularly risky it's dangerous just having this place so close to me. After a particularly harsh day at work I treated myself to the carne asada burro combo. Highly addictive, and there's probably enough fat in the tortilla alone -- never mind the filling -- to keep me and an African village or two going for a week or so. Nevertheless, it's delicious and a great antidote to an evening spent with too much single-malt and too many cigars and some women named Wanda and Clarissa. Those who know . . . . know . . . Anyway, go and enjoy.
4	Just about any ---bertos around town is going to be a good bet. It just happens that the Filibertos in my neighborhood semi-recently changed to Juliobertos, but I haven't really noticed much change in the food.Anyway, Juliobertos is my go-to for a good, hearty, cheap burrito on the go. Their tortillas are really good, and what's inside is even better. I usually go for a bean-cheese-rice-guacamole burrito with tons of hot sauce which is awesome in every way possible, but if you're feeling like something so heavy you won't want to eat for the next 12 hours but it irresistably delicious I'd go for the Arizona burrito, which has Carne Asada, potatoes, pico de gallo and cheese. Although, I remember that one being way better when it was Filiberto's...
5	This is a great place to eat, breakfast, lunch and dinner!  The food is always amazing and of course very filling as well!  You won't leave here with empty pockets or not enough to eat either!  Their staff is the best and do everything to make sure you get what you want to eat and will change anything on the menu to your taste!  I've even gotten taste's (which really could be called a meal in some places! if I wasn't sure I'd like the dish.  It's also the cleanest place around, really hard to beat anytime of day!
4	I was kind of dubious about this place, being a "-berto's" joint and all, but it's pretty terrific grub. The service is great and they keep the dining area squeaky clean with a widescreen TV tuned into a Mexican news station. They also have free wi-fi, which I haven't yet tried. I swung by there today and had the carne asada torte. This is a huge sandwich (about 9"x6") with a swatch of thinly sliced beef, lettuce, tomato and guacamole, served on a yummy homemade roll. It's served with french fries, a heckuva deal for $3.99. I've also had their burrito plate, easily big enough for two meals. Delicious, affordable, filling, what more can one ask for. At the very least, you can sit in this repurposed Burger King and dig the circa 1991 decor.
2	They have great specials and if you like dive mexican take out......its ok.....there are much better places that are not a chain.
4	If you're in the area and want a quick fix from south of the border, you won't be disappointed.These guys used to be at the Filiberto's near 32nd st and Indian School until about two or three years ago. I remember going inside that location at one point and they were passing out flyers and said to start going to Juliobertos as soon as it opened up.Since I lived just up the street and the dudes were always cool, I gave Julioberto's a shot and was not disappointed.I always place my order inside, as the inside is open 24 hours as well, not just the drive thru. If you go inside they have a Salsa Bar with several different types of Salsa's, one of them being an Avacado Salsa, which is top notch in my opinion. They also offer pickled carrots, onions, and jalapenos at the salsa bar.Everything that I have yet to try has been consistently good for this type of establishment. The carne asada burrito always seems to be a classic among the white boys like myself, and I must say that I have yet to encounter a burrito that contained fatty meat or a dried out tortilla. The meat has always been seasoned well with all of the condiments inside and the tortilla was fresh and hot. The red salsa and the avocado salsa combined on this burrito or any other adds so much flavor.The five rolled tacos with cheese, guacamole, and sour cream are always a great late night snack when you're on a diet...I highly recommend..lol ;)The machaca beef and eggs wasn't bad, nor was the chorizo and egg burrito.They seem to keep the salsa bar area well stocked and clean, as people make constant messes at those things, but they always seem to be on top of it.The staff has always been friendly, and the overall experiences have always been consistent.I highly recommend this place if you are in the area and can't decide which Mexican Fast Food joint to grab your meal from.Cheers! :)
3	they have a pretty darn good chorizo and egg burrito. it has alot less grease than filibertos but they are still not on armandos level.
2	2 pennies in my burrito!!! I thought the night of Thursday Oct 27 was gonna be a quiet night. It was 8pm and I was heading to a friend's house for a little pumpkin carving action. I was hungry and started thinking about the local places I could stop by. A burrito was decided on due to it's deliciousness and ease of eating while driving. Julioberto's was close by and besides being in my mind, Filiberto's evil twin's place, it had served me well in the past with quick, quasi-authentic, delicious mexican food. I there and I order the carne asada burrito, that's it. No sides, no off-brand can of soda, nothing else. Just a carne asada burrito through the drive through. I drive off, hungrily unwrapping my burrito. 5 minutes later I'm to the lower third of my burrito, strategically trying to eat more of the innards pf the burrito than the tortilla to avoid the dreaded phenomenon of a burrito becoming more stuffed and busting through it's tortilla wrapping near the end. The next bite surprised me. I felt something hard and metallic. After a careful inspection I find a shiny penny in my burrito. Come on Juilo! A penny, I'm not even a clean freak. Hell if I would have gotten a quarter I'd probably have been excited. So embarrassingly enough I keep eating the burrito. I mean, honest mistake right? Like I said, I'm not a clean freak and probably trust in my immune system probably way too much. A few bites later it happens again. Another penny and this time it's kinda gross looking. Don't worry, this time I quit eating my burrito.Ok how does a penny get in a burrito? Are their no cash registers there. Do you have the burrito maker carrying all the change? And how does a penny, no 2 pennies, start wherever they are, end up in a burrito. This is the thing that probably bother me the most. The logistics of this whole deal. Anyways. Julio and Berto, I love your restaurant and will probably eat there again, which is adding a star for you. But come on, at least give me some quarters next time.
4	I have a potato, egg and cheese burrito here at least once a week.  It is soooo yummy!  It tastes better than Filibertos and Eribertos.  It's bigger too!  The staff is really friendly.  I haven't had a bad experience yet.  If you use CC they charge you $.50.   If you go inside they have the typical salsa bar.  Carrots are really crunchy. mmm
5	Kick @$$ The Best of the bertos & they will make anything you want_!! Carne Asada with Sausage & Ham........Wow..
5	Breakfast was awesome - fresh huevos rancheros with steaming hot corn tortillas. Yum!
1	I typically like the berto places but they certainly range from location to location.  This one is NOT a good one.Try Filberto's a mile down the road on 30th street and Indian (newly remodeled and clean, they also give you chips while you wait) or Armando's on 36th and Thomas.These rec's of course are limited only to Berto's type of places.  If your not in a hurry the list changes entirely.
3	I made my way to another place ending with "berto's".  There's not much to say.  Some people hate these places, some love 'em, some are indifferent.  I think they're pretty good and hard to distinguish between them.  Don't go out of your way but if you're in the area, go for it.I ordered the beef taco and enchilada combo and washed it down with the Jamaica drink.  Good times.  Not the best of times.  Good times.The food here isn't going to blow your mind but it won't leave you vomiting either.
3	Overall, it's a pretty decent place if you're really hungry for Mexican food. The prices are surprisingly low considering the amount of food you get per order. The cashiers are friendly and professional. But the condiment  area is almost always lacking in fresh items. This place is good if you want want good Mexican food and lots of it for a low price. But don't expect this location to have fresh condiments available.
3	rolled tacos and bean burrito for xmas breakfast.free wifi, cold water.not busyshould be, very few places open today.worth a try
4	Just off the plane, needing to get a quick bite before a meeting... we see a Jack in the Box.. and move on to Juliobertos!Freshly made Mexican, good prices and the ease of a drive through!I ordered a quesadilla - with carne asada.  Very delicious and fresh.  Flavorful beef too!  My only issue is that they didn't cut it into triangles... Which made me look like a savage trying to eat it - either way, I found a way to get it in my belly.My friend got a chicken torta - some kind of sandwich.  He loved it too!If you are ever in this area of town, its a great alternative to lame drive thru burgers!
1	It makes me so sad to say this but I have given up on you Juliobertos.I ordered my last bean and cheese burrito from there yesterday and was SHOCKED when I found what resembled to be a PUBIC HAIR in the spillage coming out of the bottom of my burrito.So disgusting, I am never going back. I used to eat there ALL THE TIME too. Makes me shiver to think what else I could've eaten there before.
1	If you use drive through unwrap and check your order before you leave.  They just leave items out of the bag, and when you get home part of your order is missing.  After years of regular visits I'm never going back.
2	This place is pretty much the bottom of the food chain.  I just stopped by the drive through counter and ordered lunch.  First off, the gal at the window was REALLY RUDE and condescending.  Not sure why, I was just there to buy lunch and support the place and give it a try.  When I got the food home, the order was wrong, and the taco salad was tiny.  At any rate, I would recommend this place only to people I did not like!  Hahaha.  Seriously, would NEVER go back.  Don't let me forget, food was not very tasty, the taco shells sort of have that greasy taste.  Not for me.
5	One of the Valley's best taco and burrito shop. Not only are they all over the Valley but they are open late!My favorites are the carnitas burrito and the beef tacos!  I hear they have other tasty eats on the menu although I've honestly never tried anything else. I'm too satisfied with my dual favorites thus far. The salsa bar is great and the pickled veggies rock!  Go hungry!I find that they have 'gringo' friendly service.
