1	My thought: "someone rescue me from the rude, crazy behemoth lady!!!"I guess I should start from the beginning. I am in a time crunch and starving, and remembered that Wendy's is usually pretty solid when it comes to burgers. I decide to go to the drive thru.Lady: "HEEEELOOOO!!!"Me: :"umm..hi, I need just a minute"Lady: (heavy breathing and a grunt) "fine"I'm pondering and decide on the Swiss Jr Bacon and 5pc Chicken nuggets and order.Me: "Ma'am?"Lady: "YES"Me: "I would like the chicken nuggets and the Jr bacon swiss"Lady: "Next window"Wow...I wonder what this broad looks like. My guess was something mean and ape-looking. I prepare to have the food thrown in my lap and arrive at the window. The lady just sticks her hand out of the window. I guess she want my debit card. I hand it to her. Nothing. She says nothing! Hands me the food. I ask if she had included Ranch (for my chicken nuggets). "No, I don't think so". Well CAN I EFFING HAVE SOME RANCH...Puhlease!!!?!After all that, I wanted to take my chicken nuggets and burger and throw them in her face. It may have made her look better. Grrr...
3	Well compared to the one near my apt. this one should probably get 5 stars....but the customer service for most Wendy's in the valley are at best decent. The people are rude at times....and they never seem to have enough staff especially during peak hours. This location is the best I have seen yet so if you really need Wendy's then I suggest trying this one. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
4	Same quality as most other Wendy's. But the soda machine is amazing. You must stop here just to experience the drink dispenser.
4	I've been to this Wendy's a few times and received rude service so I was a little hesitant coming here again. The only reason we ever come here is for the chocolate frosty. I decided to try to drive-thru this time. Ordered the double, single, and of course their frosty. Paid at the next window, drove up and boom. Food was ready. Now that's what I call fast food. Burgers were fresh, juicy and pretty good. Nothing special. Of course we love the creamy frosty. So overall it was good and my wife is happy with her frosty.
2	If you ever have the misfortune of working nights like I do, you will eat more fast food than you care to admit.  Options after 9pm are very limited when you forget to pack your "lunch."  So in the mood for a burger and not having the patience to wait at In-N-Out, and unwilling to eat at McDonalds, I settled on the least of the evils with Wendy's.I typically just order off Wendy's value menu.  While it's not the extensive 99 cent deals from the '90s, it's still cheap enough to make up for the lack of quality.  But I saw an ad that I just couldn't resist when I pulled up to the restaurant, a pretzel bacon burger.  I may be one of the few people in America that doesn't believe bacon makes everything taste better, but I do believe that everything tastes better on a pretzel bun.  Until now.The first problem.  I received my order, then drove a few feet away from the window to take a look at what I got but not keep the car behind me waiting.  Although I asked for no bacon, take one guess what was on my burger.  Bacon.  Okay, I just picked it off.  But attention to detail at the drive-thru seems to not be Wendy's specialty.  I've lived in several parts of the valley in the 15 years I've lived in Arizona.  I've also driven thru several different Wendy's, and each location seems to make consistent mistakes.  Order a frosty; no spoon or even a straw (which is worthless with a frosty, anyway).  Ask for no mayo;  mayo remains on burger.  Ask for honey-mustard sauce for chicken nuggets; get barbecue sauce.  I don't have very high expectations for fast food employees, but my bar gets set even lower at any Wendy's. It feels like I always stopped driving thru the nearby Wendy's because of better options and constant mistakes.The second problem.  When I bit into my burger, I immediately regretted this debauchery.  Flavor-wise and texture-wise, the cheap Wendy's burger patty just doesn't go with the pretzel bun.  The bun itself is pretty good, a firm crust but soft and light inside.  But the mixed greens offer little flavor and lacks the crunch of iceberg or even romaine lettuce.  And I cannot even properly critique the sauce.  I don't know what it was supposed to be, but it's just gross.
3	Wow, sub-par dining experience. The fries were old but not cold. The burger was slopped together but fairly hot. The kitchen staff too busy joking around to wait on us right away. The manager was having a long chit chat with two guests at a corner table..friends of his? He should have been walking around and following up on what his people were doing ..or not doing... 3 stars because I have low expectations when I come here. Ugghhh.
1	Prob not coming back here very soon, I went through the drive thru the other day to get some lunch for my kids and I only to be rushed along by a rude employee when trying to decide what to get then repeatedly asking is that all, food was carelessly thrown together...
2	This used to be an A-OK restaurant when they first opened. Who doesn't like a square burger and have it cooked to order?Been coming here on and off since day ONE. Usually the food is pretty tolerable and it gets me to my next location - Wally World. Just park the car in the middle of the parking lot and you only have to get out of the car once.This location seems to always be a little tricky. The French Fries are normally cold and we have to go up and ask for some fresh ones. The Burgers and Chicken Sandwiches are not too bad depending on the roll of the dice and whether it is a full moon or not.Service is rather poor and the inside could probably use a makeover. Today they asked me for my name and somehow they interpreted (Mark) for Bark. Could this just have been a Freudian slip or are we making Dog noises at me?It almost seems that ever since the famous Dave Thomas left the picture this place has just gone downhill in general. Plus we miss the old lady with the white hair in the commercials. Ok ... WHERE"S THE BEEF?2.25 STARS
