5	Alright, so I just started bowling more competitively (aka I don't go to the lanes, get drunk, and try to wing a 8lb plastic house ball down the lane at 30mph) and have gone to two shops for services - Bowler's Zone and Bowl with Leverage. The former is inside the AMF Mesa Lanes and the latter is inside the AMF McRay Lanes.Now, my experience with the Zone was this. Walk in and say I want to start bowling with a hook. They measure my hand and suggest a ball. I pay and come back a week later to pick the ball up.Now, seeing as I am a new bowler who doesn't know jack, it might be nice to make sure that the ball fits my hand. At the time, I had no idea how it was supposed to fit, after all my only experience was bowling with house balls which are definitely not fitted for your hand and are even drilled for full-finger, not fingertip.Over the last 5 months or so since I bought here, I've learned how crucial thumb fit is. To most people a thumb that you nearly have to squeeze in is a much poorer a fit than a ball where your thumb doesn't touch the walls. However, the reality is that a bowling ball thumb hole should be much tighter than we think and it is something bowlers fiddle with all the time. So it would have been nice if the shop had me pop my thumb in and see how tight it was before I took off. FYI - my ball is 2-3 tape pieces too big and my thumb shrinks when I bowl.Enter Leverage. I have never bought a ball there first of all, but I have had them move my ring finger hole back because my finger wasn't fitting. While I was there my friend and I consulted the guy behind the desk bout thumb fit. He told me that mine and my friends was too loose and told us how tight it should generally be. He even gave us a few pieces of tape for free just to get us to feel how it should be. We also talked about thumb angles and other things. Now this was a world of difference to me - the other place the guys running the shop seemed more interested in rambling about who-knows-what-but-we-will-take-your-money than really getting to know the bowler. And here I was getting free advice and even a (unexpected) piece to help me understand the game better. My ball now fits better and I've had two games over a 200 (not the best I know, but its good for me) with it.Since then, I've obtained a new ball. The first ball was a Storm 2Fast and the new one is a Brunswick Wicked Siege. After my good experience with Leverage I decided to go here to get my new ball drilled. GREAT choice! He drilled it on the spot and took me back to the drill and custom fit the thumb hole. He had me take my thumb in and out and even drilled it a little oblong, because, well... my thumb (and I'd guess a lot of thumbs) isn't round but rather oblong. Thanks Dave!Needless to say but I'm not going back to the Zone to get a ball or ball work done and my new shop is Leverage... without a doubt. I think Leverage's mindset is that if they can make a happy bowler, then they make a happy customer.  This is customer service. This is what you want. And now that I wrote this review... I really want to go on a date right now with my Wicked Siege. Hahaha.
1	well, went to the shop to get new inserts  they were cheap (the inserts) put in wrong and wrong size,. also bought a new ball(hammer) the pitch on all fingers was wrong, didnt ask for a thumb insert, and the span was to long!  was told by a friend (randy) ,that leverage was a pro shop and the ball would fit like a glove? well that didnt happen, what did happen is two fingers the skin is torn off, both knucles hurt badly, cant bowl for a week, ! ended going back to bowling dynamics which i have used for 12 years. they corrected all problems ($40.00)  would not recommend leverage to anyone!!!!!!!
5	First I want to say we bowl about 2-3 times a week and my son does bowl in a league. We do have some of our own equipment from shoes to several bowling balls. We are not professionals but we enjoy bowling with our friends and family. I'm going to tell you this much. John here is so much nicer and willing to work with you. I've been to the other bowl shops inside Brunswick bowling and the guys there talk to you like an idiot if your not a professional league bowler! And they give sarcastic advice. I would definitely recommend coming here John was very professional and easy to work with.
