3	Anyone else? Nope? Okay, then I guess I'll do it. I'll review Jack in the Box.When I lived out east, I'd only heard the jokes and rumors about Jack in the Box. That being said, when I saw them sprinkled about out here in the West, I ... well, first I laughed and said, "Wow, those really do exist." And then I thought, "I will never eat there." Of course, I was wrong, as I made that decree before I learned you could get 3 eggrolls for a buck. And they serve breakfast 24 hours a day. And cheesecake shakes. Oh, Jack, you cater to my deepest, darkest indulgences.I will say I have learned a very valuable lesson when purchasing sandwiches from Jack in the Box -- request them with NO MAYO. If you must have it, put it on yourself. Unless, of course, you're a fan of having an entire jar of Hellmenn's dripping down your arm. In which case, you will be in mayo heaven.I have a secret I will share with you. Jack is my friend on MySpace.  http://profile.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=user.viewprofile&friendid=75304378&MyToken=111eb25b-d65e-4546-8f39-6fede72fcf3c
2	It's Jack in the Crack but worse because it's next to Sexxpresso and you're not there.  Good SCFries
1	Stopped in for breakfast and was not that happy. First, let me say that I HATE the kiosks that Jack has to place your order without a cashier. I have yet to figure out how to key in "No Mayo" and they don't accept coins. If your order is $5.01 prepare to get 99 cents in change back.With that said it didn't bother me that the machine was not working and I needed to order at the counter. After some wait my order was taken.The food was OK at best. No problems there after reminding them of the forgotten items. They might want to put a receipt on the tray and compare it to what is being served to provide people with the right food. Service was slow, but no more so than usual.I give this restaurant 1 star because it was filthy! There were more than a dozen tables in the dining room, and none had been wiped off in hours. The floor was littered with trash, as was the front counter.More important than the mess from their current business was the build up of dirt. The walls were filthy, with sheets of lint stuck by the a/c vents. The windows were dirty, but not as dirty as the light fixtures that were layered in dust.I cringe at the thought of what the kitchen looks like, and I can safely say I never want to eat there again. I can't speak for other Jack In The Boxes, but I will think twice before walking into one.
1	(+)-option of ordering at the kiosk instead of waiting in line(-)-dirty-ghetto-small-locked bathroom that you have to ask the cashier person to open. I didnt order anything but i used the bathroom, they press something from inside that unlocks it. its not very clean....my friends ordered from the kiosk which was handy and easy, no problems getting what they wanted.small, only 10ish tables for 4 and 2 tables for 2.this place is ghetto, sooooooo ghetto. unless you reeeeally want those 2 for a dollar tacos, go to in and out across the street instead (bigger, cleaner, but longer lines)wish i wouldve read these reviews beforehand, wouldve avoided this place.
3	Location is in an area that's a bit run down, but food and service were great. There was a bit of confusion over my order (my fault, not theirs) and they happily swapped out what I'd gotten for what I wanted even though my new choice was more than twice the price.Also, they have a groovy order kiosk where you can order in an online fashion if the counter lines are long.
5	My first jack in the box. Great experience. Ordered at the keiosk amd got some freebirs
4	Experience based on drive thru alone...  Stopped into this Jack in the Box location for breakfast as it seemed to be one of the few fast food places open 24 hours and I was heading out on a trip at 4am.  It was my first time at a jack in the box and the guy at the intercom was extremely helpful and patient.  While the food was a cookin' he struck up conversation and said he was going to include some free things since we were visiting.  This guy and the woman packing the food really wanted to make our experience one worthy of 5 stars.  Our order was accurate and the free hashbrowns were hot and clearly not leftover food that was just sitting around.  - 1 Star for the shady characters drinking 40s in the parking lot.
1	It has been so long since I did a review, I feel badly that I am doing this for Jack In The Box. Especially since I had done one a year ago for this same location... But my experience today was so bad I feel it needed to be documented.I arrived at 5:05pm. There were two people in front of me at the register. When the man who was ordering was finished the cashier/manager walked away without saying anything. A few minutes had passed and she was still gone. I was 2nd in line and stepped to the Kiosk to place my order. Smart thinking on my part, not waiting till the cashier was back from break (or maternity leave).My order was placed and I waited, and waited and waited. Being tall made it easy to look at the display monitor and see that my order had been in for a little over 10 minutes. But I kept waiting, and waiting.At 15 minutes I flagged down the Drive Thru cashier. I told her it was obvious I was not getting my food, so could I get my money back? She called to the manager in the back that she needed a refund, then looked back at me and said "your food is ready. Do you want it"? I told her I would take the food.She scrambled for a moment, then told the manager she better give me the refund. After a couple minutes of pushing buttons I was given my money back without an apology or even an explanation as to why I wasn't getting my food instead. I did get a snotty comment from her about them being short of help and how she needed to give the cook a break. (Seemed odd that the cook gets his break at 5pm dinner hour and the dining room closes, but like my brother says, "you can't argue with minimum wage").I went home and began cooking dinner. As it cooked I took the online survey at "talktojackinthebox[dot]com" and gave a pretty bad review. Oddly enough, I had little problem with the slow service time. My gripe was the poor way my complaint was handled. Now, for the total shocker. In under 5 hours from submitting the online form I received a call from the store's General Manager. At first thought you would be impressed at just how important that feedback is to them. You might assume that someone in the corporate office saw that and called the GM at home to deal with it. As for me, I was thinking "Who the #@&# is calling me at 9:48pm"?Being in that restaurant for more than 20 minutes without a single employee acknowledging I was there has me suspect they are out of touch with the customers. Calling me at 12 minutes to ten to talk about it just proves it.So Jack, here is my summary: I love you commercials, but the customer service is worse than deplorable. If being short of help is the problem I will do everything in my power to assist you. By NEVER returning to one of your restaurants you will need less staff, therefore, you are no longer short of help. Problem solved!
5	this location is .7th of a mile from my house. great location. friendly service with excellent food. the east side is not that bad people come out your bubble!
3	I love me some Jack.It's great food for what is. Give me an ultimate cheeseburger and I'm a happy guy.Eaten here twice during my stay in Vegas. Once it went off flawlessly. The second time they packed the entire order in one tiny bag and forget some stuff. That's irritating and in Vegas traffic, it's not a matter of going back.I'll probably avoid this location in the future.
3	The chicken teriaki rice bowl thing was pitiful.. But the breakfast 24/7 thing is VERY cool. Minus 1 star for at least 7 homeless ppl hanging out in the parking lot, it smelled like literal poop outside the place.
2	This recent trip was the first time I've been to a jack in the box in 10 years and the first time I've ever gone sober.  I got off of work and was very hungry, realized I had no food at home, and made the impulse decision to stop in here.  There was no line so I ordered quickly.  My food was ready in a few minutes.  First, these sandwiches look absolutely nothing like the pictures.  Smaller, grayer, and totally unappealing to the eye.  The taste was blah but whatever I just wanted some food in my belly.  Second, the place was full of crazy people.  They were being loud and obnoxious and generally behaving like crazy people do.  I should have gotten drive-thru but ate inside because i was hungry.  I plan on not going back for another ten years, or at least not when I'm sober.
5	I love their food quality and the price is great. I always get the Big Cheeseburger and two tacos. I love it. The managers are great!
4	Visited this location on 8-22. It was a great way to end a drunken night. And at this location the food was extra hot
3	Ever since McDonald's took its Angus Deluxe off the menu, Jack In The Box's Sirloin Burger has been a go to favorite. Look, I know I'm not a foodie... I'll never be the guy with a sophisticated Midwestern palate, who orders half the menu, takes 60 pics, and writes a huge run on sentence with no capitalization or punctuation in order to advertise his blog....where he basically pretty much just loves anything trendy, popular and pricey... I'll never be the guy who carries around a professional looking camera and only eats burgers with radioactive Chinese farm raised truffles and chicken pate passed off as foie gras... And I'll certainly never be the horny guy who uses Yelp reviews to attract chicks looking for a free meal...in hope that maybe, just maybe they like him...or at least use him for free meals on a continual basis.I'll be the guy who goes to Jack In The Box and gets a sirloin burger sans sauce....with a side of onion rings. At $7 or so for the combo, I'd say it's a good deal... and taste wise, I prefer it to much more expensive burgers I've had. The bun is good, the pickle....lettuce...tomato are good quality, and the meat consists of an actual cut. It's never greasy...and never results in a bout of diarrhea like competing fast food burgers do.
