3	My sister treated my mother and I to lunch here on Mothers Day.I was in the mood for a Chimichanga, but that wasn't on the menu. *sigh*We had nachos and Goat cheese, peppers and sweet chilli jam Quesadillas for starters. The nachos were about as good as nachos can be, and the Quesadillas were delicious!! *drool* My mother had PAELLA MEXICANA, my sister had fish in a soft taco or tortiilla (cant remember) and I had BORREGO CON MIEL, which is slow cooked shredded lamb with honey & smoked chilli, shredded and served with warm tortillas.My mother enjoyed her food and was actually struggling to eat it all, which means they really give generous helpings. My sister didn't like her taco at all unfortunately, and said she should have known a fish taco would be a bad idea. I enjoyed my lamb, but not sure if it was such a good idea either. I've never had lamb prepared with honey and it may have been too sweet for me. I started feeling a bit sick, but luckily with the yummy Margaritas we had to wash the food down, all was good! heheEven though it was nice, I doubt I'd go back again. It felt too small and claustrophobic for me. I like a restaurant where I have enough space to find a nice corner to hide in while I eat in peace. :-)It was a nice little restaurant with good food, great Margaritas, a very friendly and helpful waitress and pleasant Mexican atmosphere.
3	It's really just okay. Cheap-ish wine and beer, and there's sidewalk seating for that rare sunny day. The service was fine, everything was just... fine. The nachos could have been better, though. The toppings were sparse, which is a cardinal sin in nachos - if I wanted plain tortilla chips, I would have ordered plain tortilla chips. The nachos at Dirty Dicks down the street are far superior, and its nowhere near Mexican. Miros is just okay.
3	I have visit alot of mexican restaurants especially in US in N.Y and SF. im very picky when it comes to food, because i only want to have the best.Decor: very nice, both interior and exteriorStaff: attentive, but without any smileFood: now the most important of a mexican concept, everything was ok, nacho plate was very good, Faijtas was also ok. The Guacalole was not good, it was really bad actually.The marguritas was very good.Probably one of the better mexican places in Edinburgh.
4	We visited midweek for my boyfriend's brother's birthday. We'd booked the table for four people, and my other half and I arrived there promptly. After waiting for a while (with a bottle of wine, of course) his two brothers showed up; with one of their friends in tow. The waiter didn't even blink , he just brought another chair over and squeezed us all in. This pleased me, as I know some restaurants can be a bit funny about this sort of thing.I didn't get a chance to try the margheritas, although I did spend most of the night gazing longingly at them over my Merlot. For the main I had the lamb cooked with honey, which I thought was delicious. I was quite disappointed that I wasn't given more bread to scoop it up with, however.I want to go back and try their quesadillas.
3	Miros looks great, all bright colours and cosy atmosphere. I was really looking forward to lunch and expected something quite special.I find it hard to put my finger on my I was disappointed but everything seemed like I could have done it myself at home, if you see what I mean. The ceviche was shellfish-heavy, with not enough fish - it seemed like a value pack of seafood mix, covered in some lime juice. It did come with lovely fresh salad and ripe avocado, and crunchy corn chips.I had a fish taco for my main and, again, it was just a plain fillet of fish wrapped in a tortilla with some peppers and onions. Fresh, healthy, tasty, and a wee bit dull. And served with boil in the bag rice...Shame. It wasn't bad, it just wasn't that good.
4	I went for lunch here with my Mum & it is a lovely little place. The owner made us feel very welcome. The lunchtime special menu is excellent value for money and the food very tasty. I now live in Manchester, but were I working in Edinburgh, it's the sort of place I'd definitely regularly visit during my lunch hour.
3	Cantina is a great place for  lunch while shopping in the centre of Edinburgh.Small restaurant with simple decor and spicy food. Portions are very large so we usually share.
4	Try the take away burrito, sure to fill you up for lunch!
4	Have been here a few times to see how consistent the food is and I will say its one of the better Mexican restaurants in Edinburgh. I have had the lunch special, the paella, the nachos, and the lunch special and so far I have not been disappointed. Also has a good tequila menu which is my favourite and its hard to find good tequila in the UK.  I have met the owner a few times and she is always very friendly and gives exceptional service. The nachos are really good and they are massive! The lunch special is my favourite though because its a burrito with all the fixings for cheap. The only drawback is the place is quite small and will fill up quickly . There has been times I have arrived hoping to find a spot only to see its packed like a can of sardines! Anyways try the place out I think you will find out you will like it!
4	Miro's may be tiny but it's great - if the colourful street frontage doesn't grab your attention, the big daily specials blackboard on the pavement will. The lunch menu is a great deal with burritos and quesadillas plus a beer for just over a fiver! Inside it is decorated almost like a crazed bazaar with floral table cloths and loads of interesting things on the walls. There is upbeat Mexican music and friendly staff to give this wee place a real buzz. That specials board is where to look if you want to venture beyond the usual enchilada-based mains and get a taste of the distinctive flavours of regional 'platos tipicos'. The lamb is cooked for seven hours with honey and smoked chipotle chillis, and the cochinita pibil (Yucatan inspirered slow roasted pork) is amazing. The search for authenticity extends to the wine list where a Mexican petit syrah is one of nine offered by the glass. For dessert, the usual brownie/pecan configurations are trumped by a rum-soaked pineapple kebab with melted dark chocolate for dipping. I didn't try that but another table had it and it looked pretty good.Great for lunch - definitely my favorite in the area.
4	We left the Travelodge on Queen street in search of a meal on a weekend night around 7pm. We didn't have much experience dining at this hour in the city and didn't realize that reservations were critical. We were turned away from the other places that looked interesting but when we stuck our heads in here, the staff were great. They had a table that was open for 45 minutes and offered it to us as long as we were out on time.Our meal wasn't rushed in spite of the time constraints in part due to the great service. This place is really small and you end up in close quarters with the other patrons but you feel more cozy than cramped. The small size helps the service because you're never more than a few feet away from the staff.We ordered appetizers which were a good amount of food and good. I ordered the meatball dish. It was served a little hot (temp not spice) for my preference. The food was good, I've eaten a lot of Mexican food and this was unique and interesting but true to the flavor profiles of the cuisine.The price was reasonable and the decor was fitting and quirky. The food was above average and the staff was great, we'd certainly go back if we're in the area again.
5	I just simply LOVE this little Mexican restaurant. Tucked away on Rose Street in what can only be described as the size of a large living room, Miros oozes warmth and welcomes you with open arms and a frozen Margarita. The food is rustic but oh so good, if you are looking for proper nachos with gorgeous homemade dips, sizzling spicy fajitas, slow cooked flavoursome lamb, tasty quesidillas and frozen Margaritas look no further. Not only will it satisfy you but it will leave you wanting more of that addictive cheese dip for example. And you will be rolling out of the restaurant as they generous with the portions!Booking strongly recommended, they do get a lot of walk ins but it is always full!
3	So being from Cali we have a certain expectation of Mexican food. However being where we are, we set our expectations accordingly. We ordered the dip trio, the guacamole was runny and wasn't so great, but other two were pretty good. We got a burrito, which was decent but it wasn't closed all the way so it made for messy eating, but we powered through it. We also had the mole, now that was excellent minus the fact that the chicken wasn't cooked in the sauce, it still was good. The 3rd dish was what they call an "enchilada" , flavor was good but not what we would consider an enchilada at all. The refried beans we had to order separate and I dare say they came from a can lol. At any rate the staff was nice and it's a cute place. It served it's purpose.
5	Got the last table one weekday evening. The place had a nice vibe and the staff smiled and seemed pleased to see their customers....,, always a good sign.Had baked meatballs with a salad and a baked black bean and mince side. Both were really bright and tasty. The produce was fresh, the service attentive and the ambiance warm and vibrant.Would I go back? Without hesitation.
3	Completely stressed at work, and my next-desk-neighbour suggested Mexican food. I was sold. Miros Cantina is a stone's throw from the office, so perfect for feeling like you've treated yourself to a lunch out, whilst being able to nip back before the end of your lunch hour.We both plumped for enchilladas, these were okay. Fairly small portion size (only one each), but with spicy rice and salad. A decent size for your lunch when you don't want to fill up too much. I mean, I'm not saying it was amazing, but it hit the spot in that way that only Mexican food can.And if I didn't have to go back to work that afternoon I'd have been all over their frozen margaritas!
5	Best Mexican food I have had in the UK so far! Fresh, tasty and plentiful portions. I recommend the steak fajita style tacos. Nom!A lovely little place, with plenty of character and great service. We popped in at lunch and had a reasonably priced meal and spicy, Mexican hot chocolate to end.
