1	Perhaps the most incompetent manager I have ran into in Las Vegas and that's saying a lot.I went in on a Monday and bought a spa, it was to be delivered at 5:00 pm on Tuesday. I took off work early to prep the area. At 5:30 no one had shown up, so I called. I was told that he'd let everyone go home, it would not be delivered today, they would deliver it tomorrow. I think not.I went in the next day to cancel the order and get a refund, that was when I learn the incompetent person I bought the spa from, was the manager. The clerk had to call him over to approve the refund.If you're there to buy a container of chlorine tabs, that is probably within their capability. Anything that requires coordination, think walking and chewing gum at the same time, appears to be beyond them.I bought a spa elsewhere and avoid this place like the plague, since I don't support incompetence.
5	Came here after leaving Leslie's very disappointed and I was thoroughly impressed. Carl helped me out and answered all my questions when they had no idea what I was talking about at Leslie's! I will absolutely be back, they were fully staffed (no waiting), smart and professional.
1	Despite the customer service issue reported by a previous Yelp member, I decided to give NPS a shot based on the more positive recent reviews...big mistake.  The employee I dealt with became rude and condescending the minute I couldn't tell him the exact gallon capacity of my pool.  It got worse from there, and when it became apparent that I wasn't a pool maintenance technical expert, the holier-than-thou attitude got turned up to 11.  At no point during my interaction with this particular employee was he polite, personable, professional, or, heaven forbid, helpful. When it became obvious that my experience at NPS was going to continue to be eye gougingly painful, I told said employee I wasn't interested in further dealings with him and left.  All I can say is, wow! I've never experienced such poor customer service anywhere in Vegas...so, unless you're craving attitude from a strip mall clerk with a massive Napoleon complex, I highly recommend looking elsewhere for your pool supplies.
5	Stop by and ask for Cody and tell him JoJo sent you.  Great customer service was provided to my by Cody.  He was able to locate the parts I needed to repair my Polaris ATV 340 pool vacuum and I was in and out within 5 minutes of arriving.  My pool vacuum is up and running and if I ever need additional parts in the future, Cody is my "go-to-guy".
