4	Mr C's  Don't know why they changed the name, but the same owners same menu same quality! I've been eating there for 20 years. Good food huge portions, reasonable prices.Take out only. My favorites, Grilled chicken salad, hamburger steak, Big John's Special (double cheese burger and fries), fried chicken (ask them to dip it in their buffalo sauce), mashed potatoes, pintos, fried squash.....  Call in your order, go pick it up, it will be ready and the order will always be right. Oh, don't forget their sweet tea!
4	Originally Mr C's but still owned by the same delicious making southern food people. The BBQ is simply amaz-balls. Seriously. Get it. Also get the mac and cheese.
4	Holy Hush-puppies, Glorious Greens, Mighty Mac and Cheese...oooo lawwwd!Positively pallet pleasing pulled pork!Whew - On to the review: First off I never knew Oakhurst Grill for what it used to be called. I moved here not too long ago and drive by this place everyday, twice a day on the way to and from work. I decided one day to come in after the gym for some pulled pork. I had a deep craving that needed to be filled.This is To-Go-Style, so you can wait for your for which is less than 10min or call and pick it up. I ordered the pulled pork BBQ plate with mac and cheese and collard greens. You get a lot for what you pay for (Just under $10) and I had to put half in the fridge I was so full. I really liked the pork, and the collards were good. Not too salty, not overcooked. I also enjoyed the mac and cheese and devoured that in no time, no left overs on that end. They also popped two hush puppies in my to go box and a roll. Let me just say - -  these are probably the best hush puppies I've had since I moved to NC, and so that it very exciting. I will be back, and can't wait to try something different!
4	When I first moved here I worked near Oakhurst then called Mr. C's. Got back over that way and we called our order in and it was ready to go when we got there.    It's still as good as it was all those years ago. I also have done the Double Cheeseburger with fries and its great. My wife got the BLT and said it was good also. If in the area do yourself a favor and stop in.
5	After driving by countless times and asking my boyfriend "Mmm.. what's that smell?", we decided to try this place. Alright, so one downside is that there's no seating inside. But that's canceled out by the fact that we live 2 seconds away, so that solves that problem.I've only seen one woman working the counter every time we've gone. Not sure what her name is, but she is very sweet and quick with the whole take your order and pay process.The food comes out quickly, and oh man is it good. My boyfriend has had the pita burger and the Big John Special, both of which he said were very good. I cannot break my pattern of ordering the barbecue platter.. it is just so delicious. The mac & cheese and collard greens are just as good.
2	I'm sorry but I've had better than this place. The lady was very friendly but the food just doesn't measure up. I got a flounder platter with rice and gravy and a side Greek salad. The fish was simply not good. The breading was tough and the flavor bland. The rice had maybe a tablespoon of gravy on it and was dry. And the Greek salad was hardly Greek. It only came with cucumber and tomato. I wish I would have spent my $10 at Walmart and fried my own fish.
4	Oakhurst is a great spot for some diner/grill food to go! I always get the chicken pita with extra cucumber sauce and the potato wedges. I've tried a couple of Greek places in town, but Oakhurst is the best for what it is. Other places are either way over priced or are afraid to give you any special requests.
