5	Yay, I was so excited to hear that an ABC store was moving in the hood of South Park. (Ruby Tuesday building on Colony & Sharon)  So tired of always driving to Park and Woodlawn.  I popped in today to buy some vodka for my B. You know he needs it to put up with me!  The store is bright, shiny and new, with all kinds of bonus gifts on the bottles.  I saw hats, t-shirts and mini bottles.  My vodka had Capt. Morgan rum on it and they are not playing around, they have two mini bottles on the bottles instead of one like the "other" lesser ABC stores around town.  HMMMMPH!  teeheehee.  Thanks for making my liquor quicker!
4	This was my first time in an ABC store. I'm still getting used to the liquor laws in NC. For instance, I'm on a mojito kick and needed rum and club soda. Thinking I could get most of the ingredients at the ABC store, I was wrong; they can only sell items with alcohol in it. Thankfully Harris Teeter was next door to complete my mojito making trip.The cashier was really friendly. Clean and organized store. I truly appreciated the large signs on the walls directing me straight to what I needed.I was in and out within minutes...just how it should be.
4	When I first moved to NC I was quite confused about why all the liquor stores have the same names. This made it pretty easy to figure out where to go for libations at least so I welcomed it. But not all the stores are equal I quickly found out.This is the closest liquor store to me, as such it gets a fair amount of traffic. It's bright and cheery inside, with bottles of happiness lining the walls. As I walked in a business lady in a fancy ysl was leaving, brown bag in hand. So I guess the customers who frequent this place are pretty classy drunks. Though I could've done without the snark from the store employee as I was leaving. I mean is it really that bad that I only bought 1 bottle of rum for a party where everyone is bringing a bottle to share!?
2	It sucks to give a 4.5 star place a 2 star review, but for what I was looking for, they unfortunately couldn't come through.  It all started trying to get there- I used my GPS on my phone, as it led me originally to the wrong side of the street.  If you see the setup, getting back over 3-4 lanes legally is not easy at the intersection.  I, somehow managed to get it, while keeping my car in 1 piece.  The next thing I realized is the location.  It was housed in a nice shopping center, I could have mistaken it for Dean and Deluca.    I found it out of place, after I realized, they literally only sell liquor.  No wine, beer, or even ice.  Hell, if you want water, go to the employee restroom and get it out of the toilet.  That to me, made me think it didn't belong in that strip. Upon entering, I was only looking for one item- Junior Johnson's Apple Pie Moonshine.  This was North Carolina for Christ's sake- it had to be easy to find.  On the plus side, the store was clean, bright-lit, and had semi-spacious rows.  As I kept looking around, I finally found the moonshine- and it was under the section "cocktails".  Hell, they should have just put it with the "tequila".  Of ALL the flavors and EVERYTHING they had in stock, what were they out of?  The GD apple pie moonshine.  I mean WTH!!!  I couldn't leave the store empty handed (as my delirium tremens was now flaring at that point), so I opted for the gasoline flavored, cherry moonshine.  Upon entering the line, I was trying to be friendly to the cashier- she wasn't having any of it.  Sorry someone shit on your Wheaties, but whatever- happy holidays to you too!  I noticed the price was a few dollars higher too, so value wasn't  there either.My advice to out of staters going to NC- bring your own shit from your own state, this crap is ridiculous.  Sorry if I offended anyone from NC.
5	Great store. I live right by it and they have a huge selection. The employees are generally pretty friendly. I just went in last night to pick up some of the apple pie moonshine. One of the employees, Frank, was working and is a super friendly guy, very genuine, very helpful. Just having someone there like that makes a place great... not to mention the alcohol....
4	This ABC is easier to see from Sharon Road than it is from inside the parking lot. If you head into Morrison Village, it's between Harris Teeter and DSW.  Go towards Jos A Bank and look for the sign on top of the building for Euphoria Salon. Then you've found it!  Keep going and park in the darkest, spookiest part of the lot and the door will appear like an angel in the night.  The selection is the same as all other ABC stores but it's a brightly lit, clean store and spacious enough to walk around and get a good look at all they have to offer.  Cheers!
