3	I enjoyed the view of the street from a comfy pea-green chair while munching on a delightful cordon bleu wrap.  I guess they use some sort of panini grill to seal these wraps tight, and said grill has a "wrap city" logo on it!  Cute.
3	Too bad their menus were available in French only, at the height of the tourist season in July.  And the staff didn't seem to care.
1	Straight and to the point--- This place is extremely expensive ($3 for a bagel and cream cheese???), the staff are a bunch of slow moving "bros" who got chin strap facial hair and more product in their hair than in their store. We ordered 2 bagels with cream cheese. Waited about 15mins for a cream cheese bagel?????? Skimped on the cheese big time and messed up one of bagels. .....don't go there. It wasn't busy, so NO that isn't an excuse.
3	Comfortable urban setting, but you might share a long table with an elongated single cushion.Friendly service.The wraps are delicious, and filling for most people. But the combo ($2.99 for coffee and tiny salad) does not seem worth the upgrade.Decent ambience, if the university crowd is being considerate.
3	Pretty good. Friendly staff, food was well made, and they put it together very quickly after ordering. The lack of english on the menu was a bit of a stumbling block but the cashier was more than happy enough to recommend something. (Edit: I have since discovered that they have an english placemat menu!)Price is exactly what you would expect for a wrap in this city. I agree that the combo hardly seems worth it, but if you need something clean, healthy, and fast, this is a good option.
3	Husband and I popped in to Wrapcity twice for breakfast during our trip to Montreal. It was conveniently right down the street from our hotel.The first visit we both got an iced hazlenut latte and a breakfast sandwich on a bagel. It was the perfect size and the egg was cooked perfectly- a little runny, not overdone. Lattes were tasty.Our second visit, I ordered a spinach omlette (looked like a limited time special) with another iced hazlenut latte while husband had another breakfast bagel sandwich. My latte was a little bitter- maybe the shot had been pulled too quickly? The fruit that came with the omlette was a little meh. I ate about half.The guy behind the counter welcomed us back on our second visit- he was great! You order and they bring your food out. The atmosphere was clean and trendy. The English translation is on the printed menu. Our friend behind the counter helped us out there. We'd probably go back if we were in town again!
3	Open late, and a nice place to just chill by the window (overlooking from a second floor from the street), and enjoy a great cup of tea and a biscotti.  I came in here after strolling around near my hotel and wanting to relax, but not stay in my hotel room doing so.  The service is extraordinarily friendly and kind. The biscottis are gigantic!  And they heat them up before they bring them to you.  I got the pistachio one  and it was ok.  Too much white chocolate, which I have taken a liking to recently, but was wanting something more nutty.  It's not to say it was bad, but just not what I was craving for the moment.  They also have a cappuccino one and a double chocolate one that both looked yummy if you're itching for a chocolate fix.The seats are comfortable, and I spent around an hour here.. through about 11:30pm.  It's not loud, even though they have TVs on with it turned to the sports channel.  It's mostly people who are on their own studying, or working.  It's close enough to McGill University, too - and nice that it's open late for being in the downtown area.  I think midnight?
5	Great place for lunch or relaxing with some coffee. Their is great house music playing and you get a trendy New York feel when you're there. The wraps are very good and the prices are very reasonable but don't get the combos cuz they are not worth it. I will definitely return here.
4	Healthy food in Montreal at a reasonable price!
4	Yummy and reasonably priced. This place is also very modern inside, so although it is cheap, it can still serve as the setting of a very pleasant dinner. I got the Chicken Cordon Bleu wrap which was juicy, flavorful, and perfectly toasted! They even brand the wraps with their logo - cute!
4	Great sandwich shop in downtown Montreal.It can be hard to find something inexpensive to eat in the heart of downtown Montreal but luckily I ran into this place for dinner. We tried the Austin wrap and the Cordon Bleu wrap and they were both delicious!  The service was quick and it was nice to see that they also serve alcohol. The next time I come to Montreal I'll definitely come back.Oh and I realized after I ate here of the name (Wrapcity = Rhapsody).
1	It seems people have very low standards of what a good wrap should be. This place is all flare and presentation without any substance. Cutting corners and skimping in the most important place- the food- does not a successful business make. I have no doubt that the owners know they are getting away with packing their wraps with cheap filler (lettuce, tomato) and putting a minimal amount of meat in there.  I had the pulled pork wrap and there was barely any pork in it- just a sliver. The volume of the wrap comes from lettuce and the pork is hardly even visible. This is a disgrace regardless of the prices they charge. My friend's chicken wrap was the same. This kind of typical short sighted approach is a cancer for any business. Owners try to save a few dollars by getting away with the minimum. It is cheap and disappointing- furthermore it takes the customer as a fool. Granted, most people are not discerning but those that have been exposed to the many options in North America  and businesses that value their customers are discriminating enough to see immediately that these wraps are a scam. They are unsubstantial and over-priced and worst of all, the owners know it and don't care because as long as people buy they don't have to offer any value. I won't be back and I'll be sure to tell everyone I know not to waste their time and money. Restaurants don't deserve success when they short change their customers and take them for idiots. Put some substance in the wraps and take some pride in your business.  I am sorry to say, places like this are a stain on the Montreal food scene. Get out and travel and you'll see you this kind of product wouldn't be acceptable anywhere else. If the owners know anything about food and have ever left Montreal, they know exactly what I am talking about but are counting on the ignorance of their customers.
