2	2.5 starsIt's one of those hole in the walls where you feel really bad about yourself after. 1) The food reminds you how fat you are and 2) the flies in the restaurant has probably touched your food already and you know that it's a fact that flies like to touch poop too. I tried the chicken torta at this site and it was edible. The sandwich consisted of boiled chicken and a lot of creamy stuff sandwiched between two loaves of Mexican (?) bread. It's one of those things I probably won't recommend to my friends but I'd secretly eat it when I'm alone.The additional 0.5 stars is for their spicy pickled carrots. Because of its crispy and crunchy nature, it seemed like a fresh batch. These pickles definitely made the chicken torta more edible. Actually, it was like I was eating pickled carrots with a side of chicken torta! Haha!
1	NO!! BAD ROBERTO!!We should not have eaten here.There are many good or at least decent Roberts' in Las Vegas. This is possibly the worst i have been to.There were no customers, no music playing and no employees at first.One guy was on the phone, talking to a friend in Spanish and gave me the hand guesture to wait a minute... then must have assumed that I do not understand Spanish, as he carried on his inappropriate conversation.The food was bland and boring. HOW DO YOU F UP BURRITO'S?? I miss the place that was here :(
4	Whoa Nellie...really...a 1st to review!  Been forever since I seen one these for me!Roberto's Taco Shop was one of the very first places I tried Mexican food when I arrived at UNLV in 1996.  Prior to that, on Maui many of us locals thought Taco Bell was as authentic as we were ever gonna get.  Boy were my taste buds surprised!  And now, many years later I still keep Roberto's Taco Shop in mind when I want some cheap, hearty Mexican eats.I'm guessing this Roberto's is fairly new because it hasn't been reviewed yet!  And I can't really find this location on their website yet either.  It's located in the same shopping center on N. Decatur where Walmart is.  It's also very close to where the Goldilocks bakery used to reside, which is sadly now closed.  Bring back the pandesal!  Now I gotta drive my A$$ all the way over to Maryland Parkway for my Filipino pastry fix!If you're a fan of Roberto's, you know the standard Mexican fare.  Yes, I realize many of you especially those of you who are really Mexican, think Roberto's is like the McDonald's of Mexican food.  And yes, I realize there is much better Mexican food out there.  But damn, it's so easy to find a Roberto's near me!  Almost no matter where I am in town I am able to easily find a Roberto's nearby.  When Chipotle is not an option, and Taco Bell and Del Taco constantly give me random cramping, and I still have the urge for some carne asada?  I will hit up Roberto's no doubt.This Roberto's is particularly clean (I'm guessing because it's new) and bright in color.  Somehow the color of orange mixed with lime green always reminds me of papayas.  I guess it just works for them.  I also read somewhere that bright colors invite feelings of hunger.  Nice psychological marketing ploy for Roberto's!  The menu at this Roberto's is also no different than the other ones in town, which is welcoming for me because I am pretty familiar with their menu.  I know I shouldn't but I usually stick with the fattiest things I can find on their menu.  Those are the things I first fell in love with when I at Roberto's back in the day.  Beware, eating this stuff on a daily basis can raise cholesterol levels, and turn you into a Fatty McFat Fat!  So please handle with some restraint.  The family and I shared:-Carne Asada Nachos - covered in marinated steak, tons of fresh shredded cheese, sour cream, and guacamole-Carne Asada Quesadilla - burrito sized tortilla folded, loaded with marinated steak, and more of that shredded cheeseMind you, this was supposed to be a snack!  These two items easily filled up the four of us.  As usual, the Carne Asada Nachos were on point, tasty!  It always makes me laugh that these nachos come with a small layer of nacho chips, and loaded with meat, cheese, and toppings.  You usually have to grab a fork to eat the rest of the delicious carne asada.  Or get an extra order of chips.  The quesadilla was good as well.  Oily for sure, but damn good.  Meat - Cheese - Tortilla - Repeat.  Fat = Flavor is the notion at Roberto's, and it sticks!I am also a fan of Roberto's rolled tacos, and their tortas.  Try their lengua in a burrito, some of the best damn tongue you've ever had!  Well, relatively speaking.  Yes, their tongue is very good indeed.What I also love about Roberto's is their complimentary salsa bar.  Load up on red and green sauces, but don't forget helpings of fresh cut cucumbers, radishes, green onion, and pickled carrots!  All to cleanse the palette and cool down the senses.  Or grab a cup of Horchata to go with your Mexican meal.  Refreshing!Service here is friendly, and super fast.  Prices are very nice and cheap, definitely on par with other fast food joints you go to.  Ole!
3	It is close by. To me it tastes the same as the other locations They get it done fast..
4	Friendly staff and fast service. Carne asada super nachos are awesome!
4	ROBERTOS TACOS!!!!!!! Enough said.............................Lol just kidding. But seriously is there anything more amazing than Roberto's on a Saturday night after partying and drinking and it's 3am and your hungry?! No there's not. Carne asana fries or carne asana burrito with everything and add a lil sour cream I AM THERE!!!!! Freaking delicious :))) But be careful this place packs some really juicy limes just ask my brother who was the target. Lime juiced right in the eyeball ouch! Sorry bro! :(
1	Food was horrible. Absolutely horrible. Everything was salty down to the beans. How do you manage that? Ordered 4 different plates and all were salty. Chorizo was the saltiest out of all. Also they messed up our order by shorting us one. We came back and they just laughed. Very bad customer service. Will never go there again.
1	Their chicken smell bad and so does their fatty pork and beef.  All roberts tacos need to improve their recipe.... they all smell bad.
2	Food Was Edible.   In my opinion (and my families) the food was flavorless. Probably won't be back.
