5	Hark, what haven is this?! This is THE most well-stocked Circle K I've ever come across in my travels. There are no gas pumps at this location, but there is just about everything you could need on a pit stop. And by that I mean booze, and lots of it. I'd just about given up on convenience stores having anything besides the most basic of American beers and a six pack of Heineken or Sam Adams, if you're lucky, all jammed into one refrigerator.Not here. You want wine? They got multiple shelves and bottles that don't stop at Yellow Tale Merlot and Chardonnay. They've even got CHILLED whites that you won't be embarrassed to bring to a dinner party if you're in a pinch.An extensive liquor selection includes just about anything you could get at a grocery store - Absolute or Smirnoff (in all their flavors), several whiskeys, champagnes (I guess that should have been noted above in my wine section), rums, tequilas; you get the idea. Small bottles, big bottles - and all (including the wines) for an average price, too. And the service ain't too shabby either. As a friend and I perused the smaller bottles of Smirnoff (for $7.99), the worker was nice enough to mention we could get about twice that for $2 more because it was on sale. Wow....thanks, buddy!Ok, I didn't get a chance to really inspect the beer selection, but it took up an entire back wall of refrigerated shelves AND there's a "beer cave" for cases.As we checked out, we mentioned how impressed we were with the selection, and the same worker said they also carry Cristal, Dom and all the other hip-hop video favorites, too (they are currently in the back and need to be asked after, as they experienced a smash and grab two weeks prior). I'm guessing this all has to do with the store's proximity to Hotel Valley Ho (the booze selection, not the crime), but that's just a guess, and it hardly matters.Three cheers for Indian School and 64th St Circle K!
4	While I agree with Lauren and Katrina (the yelpers that wrote reviews of this Circle K location) prior to mine, I cannot bring myself to give more than four stars to a Circle K that has no gas!  Isn't that what Circle K is known for? Gas?Gas lacking aside, this Circle K has become my latest go-to stop when I'm in need of a quick drink or snack while I'm on the run... I've found myself hitting up this store at least once a week to pick up a cold Diet Coke, Mountain Dew, pack of gum, nutrition bar, etc... I love that they have all different flavors of Emergen-C fountain drinks available too - this is the only place I've seen this.On top of the fine selection of snacks and drinks galore, I noticed that they also carry dog food and various other random items that may come in handy if you don't feel like schlepping to a CVS or Walgreen's. Prices are comparable to most gas stations, at least for the items I've purchased here.  Best of all?  The guy that works at this location whenever I go is extremely friendly and seems very sincere every time I go in.  I'll have to get his name next visit - he really deserves to be mentioned by name for his superior customer service.  It's rare you find that at a (gas) station / local chain store.
5	I call this Circle K MY Circle K.  It is a short bike ride from my house.  I go there every morning for coffee...  yes, I like the Circle K house blend.  It is delicious.This particular Circle K is neater and cleaner than most you will find anywhere.  It has a stylish brick like interior and it is a mecca for booze shopping.  It has everything from 1/5s to handles of premium to well liquor.  A wide selection of wine, including chilled wines.  18 packs of light shitty beer ALWAYS $13.99.   I see them advertised for more at major stores when they are on sale. Guiness draft 6 packs AND Samual Smith's Oatmeal Stout, Nut Brown and Tadcaster bombers (not joking!).  Bogle Petite Sirah, well yes...  and to top it off...  $9.99!  It also has the typical Circle K crap like jalapino filled cheese things that you find on the heated rolling rack.  I never touch those, but they are there.  Red Box out front.What can I say, I love my Circle K.  The entire crew that works there are sooo cool.  I feel lucky to have it in my life.
5	I have a secret and it's a blockbuster!I know the location of the Best Circle K on the planet!!!!It's right here...really...right friggin' here!It's one of those situations where the stars all aligned and everything turned out perfectly...we don't know why and we don't want to question divine providence...we just want it to continue to be great!Over the years, I've seen my share of Circle K's, 7-11's, AM/PM's and their locally owned brethren...most of them smell and look like an overheated  dorm room after a drunken 12 person orgy (don't ask me how I know this...I would have to tell you and you just can't "unhear" some things).And while I (much like you) need to occasionally use one of these markets ("what!...I thought you were bringing ice"..."we're out of butter on Thanksgiving?"..."oh well...off I go!"), I have tried to keep those foray's short and when I do have to drop in, I usually wear latex gloves so I don't actually have to come into contact with any surfaces in these places.  However, this particular Circle K is so very clean (I guess to keep the resort trade from the Valley Ho and the squatters living in the remains of the now defunct Ramada Inn across the street, happy), and so very well stocked and run, that it will alter your understanding of what the phrase "convenience store" is really supposed to mean!To wit:* Want Costco like special prices on a large selection of some really terrific wines and specialty beers? This Circle K has 'em!* You need a quick refill on either infant or adult diapers?...Drop by for a "reload".* Want a decent cup of coffee on the go? Circle K fills the bill (no, it's not as good as Sola's coffee, but geez, it's  1/2 the price of those places and for the price, it's really a decent cup of coffee)* How about a hot, dog, polish, one of those rolled burrito dealies or a slurpee?...you can get any of those and much more in a non-sticky, non-smelly, clean and friendly environment!* Need Handy Wipes for the "homeless shower" since there isn't water and electricity at the Ramada...done and done!I want to emphasize...this is the best Circle K on earth...right here in the friendly confines of Old Town Scottsdale (and Old Town Scottsdale really is friendly...why just this morning, I found a used condom on the street while I was out walking Deedee...what could be friendlier than that!?!?)The employees here are all pleasant and helpful, the shelves are clean, organized and well stocked, the drink and food areas are scrupulously clean...you get a choice of crushed or cubed ice...and you'll always get a smile and gracious "thanks" from the clerks (even when I use my credit card for an $0.86 drink!)So, for three plus years of consistently great service, clean surroundings and for being there when I needed them, a solid 5 stars as the very best of the convenience store breed!
4	This is far and away the best Circle K in the Valley!Caveat, I'm not one who goes to Circle K for gas because I dislike paying inflated gas prices, However, if you don't need to get you car filled up, this is the place to go. It's basically a small gourmet market branded as a Circle K. There's an excellent selection of snack foods, sodas, waters, hot dogs, etc, but what sets this location apart is its selection of beer and wine and its always friendly service. Headed to a swanky dinner party in Scottsdale and forget to take a bottle of wine for the hostess? In town for Spring Training and want to stock up your hotel room? Or just want something quick and don't feel like stopping at one of those big box liquor stores, well head in here and get what you need.Definitely recommended!
5	There's a guy who works here who looks like a retired rock star.  I have a theory:  He's not anyone that I recognize, so maybe he was big in Japan and his music will finally get big here in the States in about 20 years and it'll be considered groundbreaking.  By the looks of him, he retired willingly, because he still has a lust for life, but one day he decided, "You know what?  I got all the sex I ever desired, all the drugs I ever wanted to take and enough money so I'm going to retire."  And with that, he entered the Rock Star Relocation Program and took up a job at the Circle K on Indian School Road in Scottsdale.  He brought the rock star passion with him and became the best cashier in the entire known world.Even though I only pop in once every other month, he remember me, remembers what smokes I buy and charms the shit out of me.FIVE STARS.
5	Billy r, I am on board with the retired rock star dude theory. Who is he? Just plain awesomeness. How is it possible that he is always so pleasant? I don't know, but I do know that I appreciate a warm smile and a genuine person any time of day.Kudos to loving your job rock star dude!
5	Super convenient location!  Great selection of adult beverages!
5	This is by far one of my favorite Circle K's in the balley, if not my favorite!!  I've been going to this location for years.   I remember stopping by during my club/party days to grab a few mini airline bottles so I could have a little parking lot party (instead of paying $8 for an overpriced, half pour rum/coke) before heading into a club.  Those were the drunken days of our lives.  LOLThe store is always clean.  The fountain drinks are plentyful - lots of tasty fountain options (I always go for the caffeine free diet coke - one of the only stores I can find it on tap).  The employees are always friendly.  The "retired rock star" employee - He's just plain awesome.  From his chops to his attitude.  He remembers his customers, always has a positive attitude, and a smile on his face.  Which brings one to mine.
5	This is my official Road Soda Spot. They also have a decent selection of beer so I don't have to go Papago Brew for a decent 6 pack. The staff is quite an interesting mix and so are the other patrons. You got Maggie who always has some kind of advice but she will never remember youThere's Elvis Chops Guy he is always happy go lucky Pauly D recently stopped doing the Jersey Shore thing and landed a prime job at this location WOAH! I feel so privileged to be served by the one and only. Perhaps we will fist pump one day or Gym Tan Laundry one day The others kinda keep to themselves I am behind the Bring Henry Back movement
5	yes -- this is an awesome Circle K,, and it is so Clean... mostly due to the diligence of the "retired rockstar" dude... the guy never stops... I think he does everything on a run.  His name is Gary BTW--- just thought you guys would like to know.  I hope Circle K knows how very lucky they are to have him.  Because in the world of Corner store Employees - this guy truly stands head and shoulders above the rest.
