3	I like to go here to grab some subs on the way to the river, since it's between our house and the 17. Just because I don't want to go to Subway or Blimpie's.Mostly, it's a rather expansive Italian market. Need olive oil? They have 20+ different kinds. Pasta? There's a whole aisle. How about one of those wooden thingies for making gnocchi. Got that too.In the back, a counter runs along the whole length of the back wall. That's where you'll find all sorts of cheeses, cold cuts, and sausauge, plus a few sweets. It's also where you order sandwiches. And you'd better know exactly what your want, and fast. The man behind the counter is perpetually surly and curt. It gets worse if you stand there and try to make heads or tails of all the hand-written sandwich combinations taped to the wall. Luckily, the woman who runs the cash register is always very sweet. So that kind of makes up for it.I want to love their sandwiches. I just don't. They're OK. The meat is always really good, there just isn't enough of it. Maybe I'm just not ordering the right things. Until then, I'll continue to support Romanelli's, but they'll only get a so-so rating for the deli. The product selection, however, is top notch.
5	Romanelli's is the most amazing italian deli that one can ever come across in Phoenix. It is located down the street from the high school that I went to and we used to stop most days for some cheese pizza or "Italian Stallion" sandwich. Now that I have grown this is a prime place to shop for my own culinary needs such as pastas, cold cuts, pizza toppings, sauces and even hommade pizza dough just waiting to be thawed and used to make your own delicious pizzas.I still stop in for the occassional sandwish and the "Italian Stallion" is still my top choice. Ham, capicolla,  grnoa salami, pepperoni and provalone cheese piles high with onions thinnly shredded lettuce tomatoes and of course bread soggy with dressing as it should be. And don't forget to follow it up with your favorite italian sweet. I haven't had a bad dessert yet.The service is prompt and charmingly brusque. A real New York feeling here. If its authenticity you are after this is your place..anywhere else? Fuggedaboudit!!
5	OMG Korina A is crazy!!!! I followed Nathan and Kris. Romanellis is OUTSTANDING!!!! Delicious subs I will be back again and again. I will tell all my friends this is delish! You have to try the Italian sausage sub YUMMMMMMM!I love the meats and cheeses and the atmosphere. You can get anything you like Italian in this joint. LOVE IT! Right up the street from my house can't be beat!
5	This must be my lucky month. I'm discovering more and more places that serve foods that remind me of my favorite stomping grounds in NYC. I've been to Romanelli's earlier this year, on March 19 - the feast of St. Joseph, to see if they sold those wonderful special filled zeppoles named after the saint and sold in Italian bakeries and food stores on his feast day. They did, and the pastries were delicious. I also browsed the packaged and canned goods areas and found lots of high quality Italian foods not normally found in supermarkets and regular food stores. But it was today after reading the reviews here that I decided to try the deli. I ordered the Italian Stallion sub and it was really, really good! The meats were very high quality, fresh and ample, and there was just enough lettuce, tomatoes, red onion, and dressing to enhance the flavors without competing with the deli meats. It's so good to know that there is a great deli place not far from where I live, and where I can treat myself to or bring visiting friends for a great New York style deli experience.
4	the smell as u enter is enuf for me to know mmmmmmnewyork. everything else proves it, too. everything u never knew u needed and all u ever want.
5	To start: this is not the place to go if you are looking for a Subway or Blimpie sandwich, so if that is your idea of what is "good" you won't like the experience here.  Good sandwiches (try the George's special which is the Italian Stallion referenced by others plus a couple other meats including mortadella and hot peppers) or the pastrami that they get shipped direct from New York.  They have their own off site bakery, so try some of their breads (the ciabatta is especially good) or cookies: the butter cookies are a bit hit or miss, but the rainbow cookies that they keep in the back are nearly to eastern standards.  However, the real star of the show is the sausage that they grind daily, along with the selection of certain specialty items: 30 year old balsamic, San Marzano tomatos and Mancini peppers anyone?
5	Is this the best Italian Deli / Bakery that I've ever been to? No. Is this the best one in the Valley area? Absofrigginlutely!!! This is the ONLY place that I know of in this metro area that you can select from eight varieties/brands of San Marzano Tomatoes. If you have to ask why that is significant enough to merit 5 stars... then I can only imagine that you haven't spent decades attempting to perfect your Pomodoro or Pizza Sauce. Combine this with the fact that they almost always have Rainbow cookies available and some of the best fresh Italian breads, and you have achieved two-thirds of an almost idyllic Italian meal. Before you leave the store, make sure you take a leisurely stroll along the back wall. This is what I like to consider a little piece of heaven on earth. Every imaginable cheese / meat you've ever heard uttered by the Mario's, Lydia's, and Giada's of this world can be found in the case that runs the entire length of the store. Want to create an out of this world antipasto selection for your next get together? Seriously if you can't find it in that case, you are trying to live up to Captain Jack Harkness standards, and although I adore him... he is a work of fiction! And I have to agree with Nathan; they make one hell of a sandwich, but I've never sampled any of their other eat in/take out items, so my input is limited on that side of the house. This is not a "pretty" place. It's not trendy or new and it is located in yet another strip mall. But it is a fully functional, family run, local business that is operated by two of the nicest guys you would ever want to meet. As far as quality and friendliness goes, this place rocks! I discovered Romanelli's about 25 years ago (remember... it's not polite to ask a girl's age) and let's just say, they had me at ciao. : )
5	If you want authentic Italian meats and cheeses in the Valley of the Sun, Romanellis should be your stop.From the outside, it looks like your basic store in a strip mall, but you walk in and you can see immediately that these people are not fooling around.  Besides the various Italian Pride type of shirts and other tchotchkes, there are aisles of various foods either made at the deli, or shipped in from elsewhere.  Do you need olive oil or pasta? They have plenty of those along with sauces and preserved veggies.The real draw though is the deli.  Skip the Boars Head branded meats and sandwiches made with them because you can get that anywhere, you want to go for the real meats and cheeses, which are further to the left.  Since there are multiple brands of some items, do not be afraid to ask the person behind the counter which ones are the best.  Highly recommended are the pastrami, hot cappicola, and genoa salami.Their signature sandwich seems to be the Italian Stallion, which is very very good, but there are are a wide variety of sandwiches that you can pick up.  Besides that they also offer plenty of pasta salad and antipasto to take home, and on the day I went, you could pick up sausage and peppers for your lunch.  The staff itself come from areas like NYC and New Jersey so don't be entirely surprised if they keep things short and sweet, it's nothing personal against you.  There's also a bakery case with various desserts, go for the sfogliatelle and cannoli, they are excellent.
5	The best italian deli I've been to in Phoenix.  As soon as I walked in the smell reminded me of deli's back home in Phila/NJ.  YUM YUM YUM!
5	I went here a couple of weeks ago when I was in the area shopping for a new Bento box. I picked up some subs for dinner, along with a few items I haven't had since I've moved out here from New York. I got the italian beef special, and the boy got some sort of italian meat masterpiece. Mine was delicious, and he seemed to really enjoy his. I also got a bag of wise potato chips since I haven't had them in FOREVER. YUM. (I also got an assortment of italian cookies, because seriously, who doesn't need some delicious rainbow cookies in their life?)Overall, this place is awesome. The men behind the register were hilarrrrious. The woman behind the cookie counter was really helpful, but totally evil because she was steering me towards all sorts of delcious goodies that I shouldn't be eating.I will definitely be going here again when I get a craving for some New York subs. Mmm.
4	Ahh, this place is refreshing.  Smells like italy as soon as you walk in.. (ok, never been, but that's how it better smell).  We had lunch there, a chicago style italian beef and it was fantasic.  It's also a market, so, needless to say, I enjoy grabbing a quick bite in places that are a bit unconventional.. and, as I sat there eating, I looked at some italian antacids that kind of looked like screws or something that were bottled on the shelf next to me.. :/  Anyway, I also bought premade cannoli shells, which were a bit pricey, but to make my own it would have probably cost more..  AND they had the filling to purchase as well..  This was pretty neat to me.  Really though, this place has anything and everything you would need to make any italian dish, and the services was exceptional..
5	If I were Italian I think I would come here every day.  Better yet I'd pitch a tent right in the middle of the store and live here.  What an amazing italian grocery/ deli/ bakery this place is for Phoenix.I was hoping to come here just to try a sandwich and had to leave with a few other items.  I bought an antipasta salad for later and upon checking out there was this little old lady behind a dessert counter with chocolate cannoli's staring right at me.  Of course I couldn't resist!The location isn't in the nicest area, but it's definitely worth hopping off I-17 to enjoy some Italian scenery and food.  The staff took me back to the time when I was in NYC walking in Little Italy during the San Gennaro festival.   That's culture at its greatest, but this was somewhat similar in many ways.
5	This gem has everything an Italian or anyone with good taste could desire!.. and they appear to be family-owned and offer excellent customer service!I had the Italian Sausage and peppers sandwich on Italian bread and they told me it was an excellent choice... no doubt it was.  It was a top 5 quality fresh homemade Italian Sausage.  I was skeptical that the sausage was sitting under a heat lamp when I arrived, but it was clearly still very fresh and out of this world delicious.My colleague ordered the hot pastrami and was told it was the best in the state.  He could not argue with that statement and at the first bite said he'd be coming back many times.I've since come back and tried the Itallian Stallion, which was excellent!  You can't go wrong at this place, so much to try and it has a FULL Italian grocery, deli and bakery!  They have everything from fresh homemade frozen pizzas, veal, seafood, endless pasta selection, imported wines and cooking oils, etc.  I am going to spend a lot of money at this place, my wife should probably take the amex away now.You gotta try this place!!!
5	Went back and picked up the best canolis I've ever had along with some delicious NY Cheesecake, Romanelli's pasta sauce, imported pasta, Wise potato chips and Italian cookies.  It is now very clear to me that you absolutely cannot go wrong at this place.  I'm comfortable trying anything and everything there.  I would go every day if I could.  Great food, Italian grocery, deli, etc.
4	My uncle ordered one of their party subs for the Super Bowl. It was their italian sub, with capicolla, salami, ham, pepperoni, and provelone. It was FANTASTIC! I am a sucker for italian subs, but picky when it comes to the quality. This was perfect. I will definitely be going there myself to see what their other dishes tastes like.
4	Can't wait to have a real reason to go back here. We were doing a foodie market tour today and this was suggested as our last stop( my buddy Tom had to take home fresh cannolis home to the womenfolk). My plan is to go back for delicious sub sandwiches since this place is close to work . Why haven't gotten lunch here already ?  They have great Italian grocery supplies like the Stella Dora cookies I remember as a kid living in Jersey.  I also perused the San Marino tomatoes and pondered the differences from "regular" canned tomatoes. At 7.00 bucks a can I guess I won't ever know. I rather spend my money on baked goodies in the front case. My husband , the wonderful Michael  surprised me with a eclair . You know he loves me!
5	Have been here a couple of times now.  Had a craving for an italian sub the other day so roomy and I stopped in.  While trying to figure out what we wanted, the guy behind the counter started telling us about some of the hot entrees they had in addition to the sandwiches.  Italian sausage with onions and peppers, lasagna, veal parm and something else.  He gave us samples of the sausage.  OMG!  Incredible flavor.  He definitely was making our decision harder.  Chose George's special and we decided to get some fresh hot italian sausage from the meat counter along with some fresh parm to take home for dinner.  We, like another reviewer were supposed to be coming here for a sandwich and we walked out with so much more.  I love to cook so we walked out with pasta, the fresh sausage, hunk of parm, fresh garlic bread, black and white cookie (huge and yummy), a fabulously thick and robust tomato sauce with onion and peppers.  Think the baked ziti I made with these ingredients was the best by far.  When making italian, no more grocery items, coming here instead.If you're looking for a great italian deli/grocer, etc, you gotta try this place.
5	My mom and I went in for lunch over the weekend and tried some new items. My mother had the meat balls and I tried the Cannoli. Bravo! Romanelli's sent my taste buds into a frenzy over the weekend! My mother makes a mean Cannoli but I had to admit Romanelli's outdid her. Also the meatballs yummo! Not quite as good as my mothers but extremely close! The short of it is if you like cannoli you will love Romanelli's! Do your taste buds a favor and enjoy one soon! FYI they offer catering as well. Ask for Robert he will take care of you. Fuggedaboudit!On another note: Surd I, the I must be for Insane. They have the best authentic meats and cheese's. I have tried cannoli all over this city. I don't know what cannoli you have been eating, but you wont find better in this city! Check your taste buds.
4	10-inches of hard crust Italian bread stuffed with ham, capicolla, salami, mortadella (hold the pepperoni), provolone, hot peppers, lettuce, tomato, onion and Italian dressing. Heaven. Great deal at only $7.95! Waaay to much sandwich for one person for lunch. They have a lovely pastry case filled with Italian cookies, cannoli shells (and cannoli, but I prefer to make my own filling - viva Sambuca and chocolate chips!) and sfogliatelle. Aisles and aisles of canned, jarred, boxed and bagged Italian pantry essentials (and they're not covered in dust like some other places). Keep an eye on the prices. Some are fair - Polly-O brand is hard to come by in the Valley but others are practical extortion! ($20 for Illy espresso!!?)
5	FANTASTICO....The absolute best pastrami in the valley.... Really.... Better than any.... Great subs. Husband had the Italian. Son had the "George" It was Fab... The flavors... The meat... The breads... The lettuce... The dressing.... Everything was fresh and fab... I had the Pastrami.... New York style. WOW..... Mom had the greek salad which was great. Shared some cannolis etc. and the Napolean Piece. Sweetness was perfect. Did not feel sooo rich that we were bloated. Just the perfect flavor and perfect amount of richness. Love the atmosphere.... Loved the store.
5	It's impossible to walk out of here without dropping $50. From the great hoagies, to the best sausage I have ever eaten, I love this place. It reminds me of home. Real chopped cherry peppers, sweets, sabrett hot dogs and onions. I love the joint.
4	Yummmmmmmmmmmm! We moved to this area a year ago and every time I drive by this place I keep telling myself I want to try it. Well the hubs and I finally did this weekend! Sooooo freaken tasty!!!I didn't get to go inside, I was outside with the dog, but the hubs said it ruled with all kinds of delightful items! The canoli's were AMAZING!!! I could eat 10 right now! The sandwiches were so good, my only complaint (and reason why I gave it 4 and not 5 stars) is that they ONLY offer a 10". Thats a load of crap, cut that in half and let people buy a 5" for the love of god! The hubs and I come from two different sandwich camps, I love mustard and mayo on mine and he is only a mayo guy, so we cant even split a sandwich. wah wah. I am really excited to go back and check this place out for myself. They have a full deli counter and I cant wait to drool over the pastry case!
5	I'm amazed that this place is in Phoenix. It carries rare and hard to find products from Italy as well as in-house made Italian products. House sausages are insane, the deli is truly supherb. Feels like a slice of New York in the desert.
5	A little Italian oasis in the desert ;o)We go straight to the pastries... looking for Canolli and Tiramisu.Their Canolli, YES... it's sooo good...  The Tiramisu I think it's just okay...And then they have all kinds of cool Italian theme t-shirts, like "FBI - Full Blooded Italian"... which is cool...So, make sure to get the Cannoli when you come over here, and they have the chocolate one also... we bought 10 of them the other day...ba da bim, ba da bum, then they're gone ;o)
5	This place's Pastrami is as amazing as anything in NYC.  The canoli was also loved my girlfriend.
4	This is a great place to go for specialty items. I went here looking for unfilled canolli shells. There they were, right in front as I walked in. I loved that. I really don't like to ask where things are, so it was a bonus. I wandered the aisles a bit, and listened to the conversation around the place. A woman was talking about being a transplant from Chicago, and the proprietor told her all about some of the products they sold that were specific from that area. I liked the atmosphere.I liked the variety of products sold, especially the large selection of drinks and things like that. Pretty cool!My only difficulty was getting out of the parking lot. Blah. I hate traffic, and this place is close to a busy intersection. Other than that, no complaints!
5	Cannoli's. People, if you even THINK you know what a good cannoli tastes like, then you are sorely mistaken. Romanelli's hands down has the best cannoli's I've ever had. Ridiculous! The people who work here are so extremely friendly. I dropped in yesterday at 10 minutes til closing and I wasn't rushed at all. I ordered 2 sandwiches, a pound of the macaroni salad and made my way to the register. I noticed they were all out of cannoli's but the lady behind the counter had 2 made up for me, THAT's customer service! If you ever find yourself over by Metro Center and want a sub or even some baked zitti or lasagna go give them a whirl!
5	I am a 100% Italian and have lived in the Valley since 93 and today was my first visit to Romanelli's.  Even though I live in North Scottsdale - I will now be a regular for the rest of my life!I was hoping that they would have Easter Bread & Zeppole - I walked in and asked Robert and he quickly gave me the tour and the treats I was looking for.  I even added a sfogliatelle for tomorrow morning.  The meats, the sausage, the bread, the pastry, the cookies, the pasta the Italian baccalla, the fact that they told me to call ahead if I want anything special - this place is an Italian Food Lovers paradise!I felt like I was back on the Hill in Providence!  My kids even had the Italian Ice and some cookies!Buona Pasqua!
4	From the outside you might be unsure about going in to eat, but please do. This is an amazing little market/ deli/ restaurant all rolled into one. The store is very user friendly & is easy to find items you are looking for, if for some reason you can't find it the staff is more than willing to help & give suggestions if needed. The deli is great, good fresh bread & meat. I love the dressing they put on the sandwiches. The pastas, hot or cold are great as well. It's fast and easy to get in and out if you are in a hurry.
5	Wow, went to Romanelli's today for the first time, this place not only smells fantastic, the food is awesome!  Do not wait, go there....now!  I had the Italian sub, it was wonderful and only $4.95 for a half, which is plenty for one person.
5	If your a NY/NJ transplant to Phoenix and miss the Italian Bakery & Deli that you took for granted in your old neighborhood then rest assured because Romanelli's will make you feel like your back home.Great cold cuts and subs.  Everything high quality.  Amazing homemade Italian sausage.  You got your Polly-O cheeses like back east and Wise potatoe chips and cheese doodles.  Everyone mentions the Canolli and it deserves it.  I am not sure its the best I have ever had but its up there and they will get you fresh ones upon request with no hassle.  Everything is fresh and everything is delicious and for a NY/NJ transplant it is a refreshing spot when feeling a little homesick!  They even got great freshly baked Italian cookies and breads.  Thank God for Romanelli's!!!
3	I was going to give them another visit before reviewing but eh.. I got time. The place is amazing if you are looking for grocery's, meats, cookies etc. It is an organized clutter of it all. We went for lunch, which was good, confusing, and a bit $ for what I got. . The meats, cheeses and bread were all good but not OMG good. They seemed a bit lacking in substance believe it or not. LOL I liked it, but I have not been back yet. HMM I will try again!
2	Maybe in the early 80's this was the coolest shnitzel in the 'hood, but now it's just plain spaghetto.Really not impressed at all.Tiny portions.  Mediocre quality, at best.  Too much bread($) for not enough meat(meat).This place is riding on its reputation, but where it got its rep, i'm not sure.If you're a fan, then hey, more for you.  I'm not coming back unless someone makes me an offer i can't refuse.
4	The meatball sandwiches are big, and very good. I like mine with extra sauce. That's the only sandwich I've tried but it's because it's so good I haven't gotten around to the others. And when you walk into the shop there's a big case of Italian butter cookies which are very fresh. I recommend the ladyfingers that are partly dipped in chocolate and fresh coconut.
5	Right from the first few seconds I opened the door to Romanelli's, I felt like I was in a fairy dreamland.  I was immediately greeted by a beautiful display case of Italian cookies, which we (my husband and I) later went back and bought a pound of.  Then we followed our noses to the deli counter, where they had both hot food already prepared, as well as a menu of deli sandwiches. We decided to shop around a little bit first, since I wanted to buy a few items. We took our time wandering around the store, and after about 10 minutes on of the owners, Robert, came over to us to make sure we were okay. He then proceeded to take us around the store pointing out all the best ingredients and what I was looking for.  It was a delight! I stocked up on the basics like EVOO, balsamic vinegar, pasta, and bought my first can of San Marzanos. It was after the canned tomato aisle that my heart stopped. I literally turned around and almost peed my pants. I almost pee my pants just thinking about it. I spotted the pastry case, and contained within was a HUGE eclair that made my heart do a little flutter. So of course I HAD to get an eclair....and a cannoli and baklava. This was my first cannoli and will most definitely not be my last. YUM!!!!!!!We then went back to the deli counter and ordered lunch. I had the Italian Stallion and my husband had the sausage and pepper sub. He was so impressed, that we ordered 2 links of sausage to take home with us! Overall, this being my first time in an Italian deli and grocery, it was more of an experience than anything. The people were so friendly and helpful to the blonde girl from Phoenix. I clearly didn't know what I was doing but they have so much passion for their food and what they do, that they took the time to help educate me on Italian cooking and all the pleasure it brings. Even though it takes about 20 minutes to get here from my house, I will definitely be going back.
5	Love it.Last night I dropped into Romanelli's for the first time after driving past a time or two.  Glad I did.It's a bakery and deli that offers a fine selections of meats, cheeses and breads.  They also sell all things culinary Italia.  When I stopped in it was 30-40 minutes to close.  I went directly to the deli counter for a sub and was met with a challenge as I decided which to try.  I opted for George's Special (ham, capicolla, salami, mortadella, pepperoni, provolone and hot peppers).  Given the close proximity to closing time I was expecting a sub on older bread that had been sitting around all day but it was still soft and very fresh.  The sub is easily the best I've had.  Amazing.I also purchased a cannoli.  I'm picky about these things.  Too many places fill 'em and stock 'em and the filling makes the shell soggy.  Romanelli's fills them upon order just like the Italian bakery near a friends house in Newark, NJ (until last night the best cannoli I've had).  The cannoli was top notch.  Simply the best.Right here in Phoenix, on one night, I had one of the best meals ever.  I cannot wait to return.  I only open they were open past 6pm.
5	DUDE.   Great place for all things ITALIAN
5	Gotta say, Romanelli's is awesome. If they don't sell out of their brisket, you  must get it. I've been lucky enough to get it twice in two weeks. If they are out, everything else is also top notch. Great ambiance, friendly staff  and I hUteave to say,  "this is the best deli in town."
4	Ifind it hard to belive that I have worked around the corner from this place for tthe past two year but have never come inside.... well I have gone two times this week so far! The desserts are truly amazing and so far I have had two turkey subs and e desserts. The subs both were a little dry so you have to make sure and tell them to put plenty of condiments on it, unless you like it that way. They are all so friendly there, and they have anything you can image italian including pizza dough balls and fresh pasta ready to be cooked. While in line to check out I saw that they even sell pasta making machines! If you haven't been here or are thinking of checking it..don't hesitate. Just go! You will be happy you did :)
5	I used to live in Chicago and until Romanelli's, I haven't found a good italian beef sandwich. When I took my first bite I was brought back to so many memories. I've had a few other sandwiches here and there hasn't been anything bad. Not to mention the amazing desserts. Definitely the place to go for great food from back east. Love it!
5	This place is fantastic. I went there and had the Itallian Stallion and it was fantastic. I loved the family atmosphere and all the custom itallian ingredients available in the deli. It was great service and fantastic food for a good price
5	good food, fair prices, good help
4	I head to Romanelli's for their deli section and eat in .... their food is fantastic.  True Italian food ... no one I've been there with has been disappointed.  Make sure you come hungry because portions are BIG and you will leave stuffed.  They also have a huge assortment of grocery items (ie - pasta sauce, pasta, etc)
4	Have been coming to Romanelli's for some time now. Have tried many items in their deli and bakery and each time it has been wonderful. Have had a few items from their hot food area, but it's not as good as the fresh made sandwiches. Their canolli's are fresh made and very yummy. The service is always great and the people are quite nice. Family owned and operated as well.Today I had capocolla on wheat with their deli mustard. Spicy! Also had a conolli to go with it. All in all, a very good lunch.
5	Everyone here is yelping about the deli stuff. Okay, it's a deli and bakery - I get it. BUT what you gotta come here for is San Marzano tomatoes. Not those SM-like/style tomatoes that are actually grown in USA (yes they have those too) but the real deal, grown near the base of Mt. Vesuvius. Look for the DOP stamp (its like a region-control stamp on French wines).Oh yeah, pick up some imported pasta in shapes you've never seen or some pizza dough and fresh basil (it's in the deli case by the meats) and make your own sauce. BAM!Don't forget the Torrone (nougat candy) or some Italian Ice/Spumoni for dessert if you aren't a big pastry fan.
5	Great sandwich, great grocery store, incredible desserts, friendly people, kinda rundown location.
4	This place has one whole aisle for canned tomatoes & a half aisle for peppers of all sortsAwesome deli. I purchased dry pastas, buffalo mozz., lg stuffed shells, meatballs canned San Marzano tomatoes (makes ALL the difference) & Tirimasu & eclair
4	I come here occasionally for lunch - their food is great, and if you want an authentic Italian deli and grocery, the selection can't be beat.  The deli counter spans the entire back of the store, where you can get meats, cheeses, sandwiches, and prepared dishes.  The rest of the store is the grocery and bakery, and the baked goods are fantastic.The only reason this doesn't get 5 stars is customer service.  Friendly, but a little rushed most of the time.  But you'll get a great lunch, and some great Italian delicacies you won't find anywhere else.
5	I have been going to this family owned business for years and love it! At the deli I always get the Italian stallion which is Delicious. The meat is always very fresh. They also have wise potato chips and Italian ice. Brings me back to my childhood growing up in New Jersey! Every time I stop in I always grab a few jars for their homemade spaghetti sauce. It is amazing and isn't to high in sodium. It's for sure the next best thing to making it yourself. I love the staff here as well. They are very friendly and will take care of you.
4	Great little place.  They have great sweet treats and their subs are awesome.  Love it!!!
2	I read all the reviews and made my decision to go to Romanelli's off of them....bad idea. I got the 'itallion stallion' and added turkey, which meant my sub was around $9.00 plus. There was a good amount of meat on the sandwich, but I asked for everything except onions, but somehow didnt get any oil and vinegar so my sandwich was super dry, The wheat bread was not very good, and too thick. Overall, I was not impressed and regret going. I will stick to duck and decanter and jersey mike's subs from now on.
5	Definitely the best Italian market in Phoenix! They have anything you'd want from italian themed non-food items to an amazing selection of pastas, sauces, meats, cheeses, pastries, and breads.  I was craving some good italian food and this place did not dissapoint.  Amazing selection and very nice people.
5	What a gem this place is. Stopped in for lunch and had a Italian Stallion sandwich and my wife had a Roberts Special. Both were outstanding and there were many items on the "hot bar" that I'd love to try so I will definitely be back.The best part is along with the deli there is an Italian bakery and market. We got a couple of cannolis that were very good. A nice little old italian man (I think the owner) showed us around and we purchased some sauce, meatballs, bread and italian dressing for a big pasta dinner tonight that I've been looking forward to since buying all the stuff.Highly recommend this place and I sure wish it wasn't so far from our home as I'd love to have access to a place like this on a regular basis.
5	Get George's Special with giardiniera, and grab a Bundeburg Ginger Beer.I know this review was terse, but if you haven't been here before, this is all the information you need.
5	How have I lived 3 miles from this place for 8 years and had never been in until a few weeks ago!?!?!Man, I was doing it all wrong. Home made sausage, good Italian pasta, San Marzano tomatoes, everything you need to make a great meal all in one shop, with a side of personality!I haven't tried the sandwiches yet, but looking at the big old hock of prosciutto de parma in their cooler, I'll be back for those next!
5	This place has homemade Italian sausage, great sandwhiches, imported Italian meats and cheeses, a selection of hot daily specials for lunch and dinner, and that's just the back counter.There also have a great selection of pastas, sauses, and a delightful array of jarred and canned goodies; everything from olives to grape leaves to tomatoes.They are not open on Sundays, which has burned me once or twice, but that's the only negative thing I can say about this place.  Just try it and fall in love!
4	Im staerting to write extremely brief reviews of all the places I have been on the road.  this is my first review:wicked awesome deli/storegreat serviceawesome sandwich, with great bread.  I will be back.I'm pretty picky on my italina sandwiches, and this one worked very well.  if your looking for something authentic, go here.
4	Very professional and gracious staff, absolutely wonderful food. Best cannoli I've had besides Boston or NYC and by far best potato salad. The mozzarella salad was way over priced and under seasoned.
4	Delicious sandwiches! Amazing pastries! Must try
4	I pulled into the parking lot of the ghetto looking mini mall that Romanelli's is tucked into and parked right in front. In the last few minutes of enjoying the A/C in my car, I looked around at the writing all over the windows of Romanelli's and saw the entrance to the right and exit to the left... I was instantly taken back to my summer backpacking in Italy.  If you have ever visited Italy, and you never had to visit the supermercato while you were there, then you have no idea what I'm talking about, but for those of you that have been broke and backpacking, you know what I mean when I say this place has the same set up as an authentic Italian market-- a designated entrance, and very far away, usually after walking through the entire store, a designated exit.And don't you dare go in through the exit... I don't know why, but it is heavily frowned upon.Anyway, the only reason I came here was because I had a cannoli craving.  I picked up a Rockstar and two cannoli (one for me, one for my grandma), for about $10- kinda pricey, but it was worth it.Best. Cannoli. In Phoenix.If you had to make me choose, I'd go the Godfather route... take the cannoli, leave the gun..
5	Da bomb. I had a pastrami sandwiche and my lady had the turkey. Both excellent with the homemade bread. Couldn't pass up a napolean and some cannolis
5	Went here for lunch again yesterday and it was as good or even better than the first time. I had the Georges Special and some potato salad and both were outstanding. My mouth is watering now just thinking about  it.I sure wish this place wasn't 37 miles away as I'd go back today for lunch if it were closer.
4	I have lived around this place for 10 years and always drove past it without a glance. The area looks sketchy so I never gave this place a 2nd thought. It wasn't until reading reviews online that I decided I have to give this place a shot. As a foodie, I can't believe I haven't discovered this place earlier! They have imported cheeses, meats, italian desserts, san marzano tomatoes, and they make sandwiches too! The sandwiches are good, but I think the bread is too big and tough to eat- but at least it won't get soggy easily. My boyfriend specially requested a salami and turkey sandwich and they rang us at no extra cost like Subway does. Considering this is a specialty food store, the prices are comparable to a regular grocery store PLUS it's a family owned local place. Can't beat that!
2	If you are a fan of the Subway Chain or On- Cor Frozen Dinners this is the place for YOU!My husband tried the recommended George's Special. It's almost an Italian Style Hoagie. The quality of the meats aren't as bad as Subway but it was pre-portioned and made possibly days in advance and is all old and squashed together. They apologized to us and said they didn't have their normal rolls. The roll they had when we were there was a squishy roll that fell apart. The sandwich was dressed with a not so tasty dressing.  But on the bright side they do have hot peppers as an option.They offer a sandwich of the day and also have a special board. The special of the day was Eggplant Rollatini. I thought that sounds good I'll try that. They all start running around and maybe five minutes later they tell me they are out of Eggplant Rollatini and my husband spots them pulling out from the freezer a big plastic frozen tray of them. So I go for the Sandwich of the day. It was corned beef on a roll. I asked them to put it on rye instead because that would taste better. They asked me if I wanted it cold or warm and I answered warm please. The people working seemed very confused making my sandwich. They toasted my bread and popped the corned beef in the microwave. It was a very generous portion of corned beef but it was a mediocre quality. I tried a side of cole slaw and it seemed very processed.I saw chicken parmesan patties under a heat lamp and they looked like they were formed and processed just like those On-Cor Frozen Dinners that I remember from my childhood.My husband purchased some of their house made Hot sausage. He cooked it as soon as we got home. He said it had a good flavor but it was unusually dry.I would never come here again to eat anything but the store here is above average for an Italian Deli place.1.5 Stars Rounded up for the store.
5	Learned about this deli in December and finally made it there today. So glad I made it there. Had a Italian sandwitch and it was great. This is the first sandwitch I have had in 10 years that has great bread. Robert brought me out a meatball to try and it was great. The perfect mix of beef and pork with some breadcrumb and baked to perfection. My original intention for going here today was for the proper ingredients for dinner tonight. Found Nina brand tomatoes with basil and some fresh cheese ravioli. I drove nearly thirty minutes to eat and shop here and will be back many times. The retail section on its own is great with several olive oils and basalmics to choose from. The deli counter has the proper amounts of pancetta and fresh provisions. This place could be very costly if you go there hungry.
5	Today was my first time here, as my co-worker & I went here to pick up lunch to take back to the office after finishing up a graphics installation nearby at Grand Canyon University. From the outside, this place looks like a 60's-era thrift store-type building. You walk inside, and it's an actual Italian store, delicatessen, and eatery filled with all things Italian...from the food, to the clothing, knick-knacks, and souvenirs. I ordered spaghetti and a medium-sized soda and my co-worker ordered the George, which was a 10' sub with all kinds of lunchmeats, cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, and onions, also vinegar and oil and oregano. It looked and smelled wonderful! He got it as a combo with chips and a large drink. When we went to pay at the register, my co-worker picked up a box of yummy Italian cookies of all types to take back to have for when we get "sweet munchies". All said and done, the lunch was about the price of your typical dinner entrees and dessert. Not too shabby. The ambience of this place was really wonderful and the owners were very, very friendly and hospitable. This is a "Mom & Pop" business and one I would gladly visit and buy meals and goods from over and over. The shop is located in a small strip mall at the intersection of Dunlap and 35th Avenue in Phoenix. I HIGHLY recommend this place when you are in the Phoenix area.
4	I have been going here since the 90's. being an italian chick from NJ, it was a blessing when I found this establishment. I usually get the #7 sub or the sausage, pepper and onion sub. The bonus is that they have Wise potato chips and cannoli. Their cookies are tasty too.  We usually get a pound and finish half of it before we get home.  Nice selection of imported foods too.
4	Ate there forc the first time and my sandwiches were awesome. So much better than subway. I would send my friends and family there
5	Cannoli!!!!  No pictures because it's gone. First time ever coming. This place is legit. I'll be back.
4	Very great sandwiches esp. Since I'm Italian I'm picky on my meats but I love this deli
5	Best fucking Cannoli's in Arizona (possibly west of the mississippi).......No need to say anything more. Go here, eat one, now.
5	Went there with the wife last week.  We've been there before and the food is always excellent but until now I've never done a review...my fault.I had a Georges Italian sub.  It just couldn't have been better! Period.Wife had her usual Sweet Italian Sausage w/ roasted peppers and stuff.  She adores them.  Everything I've had has been great but I won't ever order anything except a Georges again.  You can't improve on perfection.
5	Hand Down This Place is Amazing OMG the Food so fresh you feel like your in Italy there in person eat food like mama makes it cant get better then that .The imported meats amazing the imported olive Oil is to die foe do i need to say more . This is the place I can get Married In and have my cake too..
4	Had heard of Romanelli's, but was never on that side of town at the right time to check it out. This time it really worked out. We ordered two sandwiches - Meatball and The George. Both were on 10 inch hoagie rolls. The meatball was piled high with meatballs, sauce, and cheese. The George was packed with meat and topped with sweet & hot peppers. The bread was fantastic. It was crusty, but not so hard that you could bite into it.We split a cannoli for dessert. Crunchy and sweet. I would highly recommend Romanelli's. Worth the trip.N*joy...
1	It's Thursday night January 23, 2014. I  reviewed Yelp for a good place that makes Pastrami sandwiches. I decided Romanielli's is the place. I drive 12.4 miles to find it. It is dark and closed on Thursday night at 7:30pm.  What else is there to say???
5	This is the best Italian store here in AZ!!!  It is just like the ones back home in Chicago.  Only difference is the one back in Chicago that I used to go to (I think it was Gino's in Norridge...) also made calzones, arancinis, etc in their bakery section.  ALL Italian food, fresh made pasta.  And the family there that run the place are awesome!  It's been a while since I've been there but Robert is so helpful.  And they recognize my mom!!!  (After spending a couple hunge.)  Their cannolis and Italian Cassata cake is amazing, as are the rest!!!If they would make homemade arancinis and fresh calzones they would get 6 stars from me!!!  The sandwiches are pretty good, I'm used to more crusty bread like back home.  Easy to spend more than you intended, but worth every penny!!
5	5 stars to Rob and his family! What do I usually get here?  My wife gets the lasagna,  I get a nice hero, maybe chicken cutlet,  or a nice prosciutto and provolonewoth peppers.  Come for St Joseph's day and the whole week you can get the best stuffed zeppoles!!! FORGETTABOUDIT!  The pastries are the bomb. And the family and staff are the best. You can get cooking utensils, small kitchenware you won't find anywhere else,  italoan tshirts, frozen stuff to take home, hard to find canned goods....everything Italian.
5	Drove from Surprise to get here.  We weren't disappointed!  Great Italian food - huge deli department.  Wonderful breads and pasteries.  Mouthwatering treats.  We'll be Back!!
5	Visited Romanelli's today to pick up some San Marzano tomatoes which turned into a wonderful experience. It was around noon when I went so I figured I might as well get some lunch as well. I got the super sub sandwich and it had a good portion of meat and cheese on it. I believe it came with ham, pepperoni, salami, and cappicola and all of them had really great flavor. I also tried a cannoli which I really enjoyed. The cannoli shell had great texture and the filling was very creamy. My girlfriend wanted to try the limoncello mascarpone cake which was super moist and had a really great lemon flavor. As we were picking out which desserts to choose from, one of the workers was very nice and helpful and she also shared with us one of her recipes. The customer service alone is a good enough reason to make a visit here. They make you feel welcome and very comfortable and you can tell that they love what they do. Lastly, after we finished our meal another worker was handing out samples of their Italian sausage which was spicy and had really awesome flavor. I will most definitely be coming back for other great Italian treats.
4	As soon as I walked in, I felt like I was back home in a New York Italian deli. It smelt incredible. There was a HUGE variety of Italian delicacies. I ended up getting a sub( the godfather), with all the fixings. It was perfect! We also purchased stuffed chicken ( stuffed with cheeses, tomatoes, peppers and prosciutto ). I felt like I was eating my grandmas stuffed chicken! DELICIOUS! I was thrilled to find Ferrara torrone ( Italian almond & honey nougat candy) that my Grandma used to buy all the time when I was little.Over all the food was delicious, however the prices were a bit much. I did purchase an over price keychain ( couldn't be worth more that $1, I paid 9.99), as well as a lanyard. Our total came to  a little under $50! I will be returning before I move back east!
3	Romanelli's is a place worth checking out if you have a taste for a true Italian Sub or dessert. The Italian Stallion  was well priced and a great portion of food. You could spend and hour just trying to figure out which dessert you want to try, but I found that you can't go wrong with the NY cheese cake. The staff was nice and friendly.The biggest problem with this place has nothing to do with the restaurant itself, but with the surrounding area. The amount of vagrants  just hanging around, asking to have the money I actually went to work for was disgusting. Nothing but savages, and junkies walking around like zombies.Oh, I almost forgot......we went to the park just north of the restaurant  to eat by the little lake there. The first thing I saw was a 40 year old man having sex with a 20 year old in his truck. Then the second thing I saw was a transient take another transients bike which lead to a mini bum fight, and the police showing up.If Romanelli's was not such a staple in the area THEY SHOULD MOVE!!I almost feel bad about this review because the restaurant  is almost getting over looked because of the trash surrounding it.
4	Romanelli's Deli and Bakery, if that doesn't sound Italian nothing does.  I was heading north on 35th Ave and passed Dunlap on my way to give Rocket subs another try.  Out of the corner of my eye I glimpsed the sign for Romanelli's and immediately flipped a u-turn, left a little Z rubber on the pavement and scooted back to Romanelli's.It's located on the south side of Dunlap, just east of 35th avenue in a small non-descript strip mall but the sign is large and you really can't miss it.  You enter one door on the west and exit a little ways east by the cash register.This is a great little Italian grocery/deli/bakery.  If Italian is what you're looking for, there's a good chance it's here.  Cases of San Marazano tomatoes, pastas, sauces, exotic olive oils, etc.I wanted lunch and had heard great things about their sandwiches.  All true.  I had the 10" supersub with  1/2 lb of meat (ham, capicolla, pepperoni, and cheese along with red onions, lettuce and tomato).  Choice of bread is white, wheat, Italian.  The Italian bread has a harder crust than the white so I opted for the white; I tend to like softer food.  I also grabbed a cane sugar cherry soda from the case.  The sandwich was excellent, very good, bread was spot on and the meat was tasty and sliced fresh.  I stayed and ate onsite; they have a number of tables to sit at.  I was charged an extra $1 for the soda because I was eating onsite, not sure why, kind of struck me as odd.Finished the meal with a handmade chocolate cannolli which almost caused an accident from my eyes rolling back into my head while I was driving, it was so good!  I had hoped to eat half and save half for later today but it didn't even make it to two blocks to I-17.  Between the cannolli and the cane sugar soda I'm in no danger of low blood sugar tonight.This is a family operation and they were all exceedingly helpful and polite, it was a refreshing change from the "chain" mentality.  I'll be back!
4	Sorry I just made this account even though I told the person working the deli I would leave a review the next day, it's been 3 months. Well I remember how it tasted. Amazing if you ask me. Four and a half stars if it existed. I would give five if it was a sole eatery so the atmosphere is split. Go here if you want some Italian goods and a fresh tasting sandwhich.
5	Ahhh, just what the doctor ordered. Today I was looking for a good Italian cold cut sandwich fix. I found it here with the 10"super sub! If Romanelli's isn't Italian, I don't know what is.I also grabbed a jar of Il Primo giardienera, slapped some of that goodness on my sub and I was good to go! The sub was big! Saved the other half for later.I'll be back for sure!
5	This place was awesome. I use yelp to find most meals while I travel for work. We found this place for lunch while looking for subs. We go so much more. I had the Italian stallion sub and artichoke salad, my buddy had the homemade sausage with peppers and we spilt some prosciutto stuffed peppers. Everything was incredible, fresh and authentic. Check them out. I would love to give a review on the cannoli but I'm taking it to go. They look great tho.
5	Found this hidden little gem while looking for some good subs. This place was so much more! The sandwiches, the sausage, the stuffed peppers, the pastries... This place was a true Italian food lover's dream!!Absolutely FANTASTIC!!!!
5	This place is amazing! Excellent food and wonderful service. Huge assortment of meats and cheeses.
5	Great local Italian deli that is hidden in the back of an Italian grocery store. The food is very authentic and fresh. Also, the desserts are unreal, all kinds of pastries and Italian ice. If you like Italian food, cook with Italian ingredients, or are Italian yourself you need to come here!
4	Stopped by and picked up a hot pastrami Sandwich, cold pasta salad and a lemonade. The pastrami sandwich was great! The meat was soft and tender with good flavor. Cold pasta salad was good nothing special. Lemonade out of a regular soda machine. The place looks like a good old family owned restaurant. They have Italian merchandise all over the place.
5	My husband Dave and I moved to Buckeye AZ a year ago from NY. A few months ago we were craving a good Italian Market and Deli !! We went in search of to find the BEST in the West! We found it at Romanelli's !! All I can say is YUM YUM !! The Meatball subs and the Capicola Subs are soooo good!!! The homemade rolls are the best !!! We are going to try everything on the Menu , I hear that the Pastrami is really really good, but, when  we get there  we need the Meatball and Capicola , so my husband I split one of each and take home what we can not finish. We never leave there without buying some of their homemade Italian sausage to cook with my sauce I make at home, it is the best sausage you will find , very very good! I am italian and know what is authentic and this is it!!! My husband agrees it is worth the 35 mile drive each way for us to go have some great food!! Plus the bakery has the most delicious cookies and cannoli ! Not to mention the freezer has Spumoni! We love the Market too, we can get all our imported items needed for cooking at home Pasta etc. We highly recommend Romanelli's!!  Sam the owner and  the nice woman we met at the cash register and forgot to get her name ( darn next time) and everyone that works there make you feel at home!!!.......Thank You ,Michelle and Dave
3	was an alright sandwich. nothing fancy
5	Old school deli that has amazing food.  Chicken parm and lasagna are my favorites.  You cannot go wrong with either or both.  The tiramisu and cannoli's are perfect.  Great spot or Italian sausage to make at home too.
3	Large selection, I didn't really know what most of the sandwiches were, maybe a description would help and not hold up the line. Prices were a bit high, well they were high. I was charged a mysterious $2 extra. I also think they have an extra charge for debit or I paid $2 in taxes for $9 in baked goodies. It was a great authentic place, but just too many mystery charges. Might not go back as often as I would like, $9 for just a sub is out of my range. That New York cheesecake was delish!!! The hormel ham was just too over priced, I have a small market myself, and $6.99 is just pushing it.
5	This place has been here for over 35 years, not a lot of time on the East coast. But, here in AZ where no building lasts for more than 60 years , it is astonishing!True right up front, it is in a rough hood. But, maybe you should just go during the day.The selection here in the Groceries is without comparison. They have everything Italian you could want.....Imported from Italy. Of course.They make their own sausage there,(you can buy it in the meat case.) It is by far, THE BEST we have ever had any where.It even drove the dog crazy when I just brought it in the house. The smell is so good! The choices for the food and cook ware,as well as gifts are fantastic. I have not been able to eat lunch there but ,next time we will. So far the first 3 times have just been Grocery shopping.I live just over 50 miles round trip from this Deli , Bakery. Every mile is worth it.I cannot believe I had never been here till October.I have since recommended it to every Italian I know. Oh yes, it is that good.If I could give them 10 stars ,I would.
5	Great subs lots of food. Italian stallion was great. Small ma and pa deli, you won't be disappointed.
4	Great subs! Come hungry portions are plenty.  Deli also has a good variety of meats. Italian Stallion is great!
5	Mmmm, just thinking about Romanelli's cheesecake makes my mouth water! I got there by accident, but now I think it was fate. I fell instantly in love with the atmosphere and the service was really great. Food is delish, the people are awesome, I can't wait to go there again.
5	I have been going to this deli for over 20 years and I absolutely love it.  They are friendly, amazing people and they really care about their customers.  We are treated like family rather than order numbers. Their deli special is the best!  Just love these guys and I hope they are in business another 35 years!
