4	I cannot believe I have been to Applebee's twice in one week.  This place has been recently renovated and although is a smaller Applebee's, it is open and has a nice friendly feel.  Wait staff very nice and helpful.
3	I really wanted some Red Lobster that night, but I guess everyone else did, too... We were near Carolina Place Mall and the Olive Garden next door looked just as packed... I figured Applebee's would be uncrowded and a decent choice for food since it had been quite a while since I'd been there... It was just what I expected... The server was nice, the food was good and the prices were reasonable...  The only things that could be improved were the lukewarm temperature of the cheese that came out with the new beer pretzels (which were awesome) and the riblets I ordered were just a bit fatty...  My boyfriend's new shrimp pasta with queso was great... Overall, a solid showing from good ol' Applebee's...
2	Service sets the tone for a meal! It has been my experience that even when the food is ok, the service can ruin the meal and experience! That being said my coworker and I stopped into Applebee's for the Pick n' Pair lunch special. The hostess sat us at our table with no greeting and lucky for us she was our waitress as well...sarcasm intended and required. She took our drink order walked away several minutes later she returned with our drinks...asked if we knew what we wanted to eat and we placed our ordered. I chose the Fiesta Chicken Chopped salad and new chicken tortilla soup. Now, I don't know how long it takes to put soup in the bowl and throw some salad on a plate but with maybe two other tables occupied and it being late in the afternoon it certainly doesn't take half my lunch hour. And for those of us who try to leave the office for some peace of mind and freedom during the workday...when you are on your lunch hour every moment counts.When our food finally arrived with the few moments we had left on a lunch break. I scarfed it down I think it tasted ok. From what I remember, the salad was spicy and the jalapeno dressing was yummy! The chicken tortilla soup was just ok. It could have used a few more pieces of chicken and spice to take it up a notch. Overall, the experience was horrible. The service was horrible. The food was ok. I won't be running back to this location any time soon.
4	My intention was to get back to Sweet Tea's today, but they are closed on Sundays. So, being in that area, my Mother wanted the Chinese Chicken Salad at Applebee's, one of her all time favorites. Not being a true fan of chains, I agreed. And, I was very impressed. I ordered a cheeseburger w/ fries. The burger was cooked perfectly and fresh! I also really enjoyed their seasoned fries. My Mom enjoyed her salad as well, and the staff was attentive throughout the entire meal. Shocked, yes, but happy I said yes.
2	I'm not a fan but I enjoy drinking at the bar area. So if you're coming to drink ... not so bad. If you're coming to eat ...  ah you might think again!
2	Had great service until we got our food. Took one bit into my pasta and a brillo pad was on my fork!!!! I was disgusted. I asked to speck to the manger and she told me " it's acceptable for these kinds of things to happen in restaurants". I will not be going to any restaurant if Brillo pads are going To end up in my food. Yes I know sometimes things could land I'm my food. I.e hair but a Brillo pad is something that can't go unseen. I contacted Applebee's human resources and they were great. No complaints there, very friendly and easy to work with, called back was very impressed.
3	Good service, small portions
