3	This is a cute little retail venue inside the Mirage. It's past the spa/salon, near the pool entrance.  It sells Kardashian-branded products, including a couple of makeup palettes that are exclusive to the store. They looked cute. Stila or Too Faced made them, I think. They have Kris's book for sale, autographed. They have some cute Vegas things, like Kardashian playing cards in a tin with the girls' pictures on the face cards ($20) and poker chips with the gals on them. They also have a few things from the girls' Kardashian line for Sears. My advice is to order online from Sears if you've just gotta have it. I made an impulse purchase of a sequin clutch ($90). I thought it was overpriced when I bought it -- it would have been about $30 at Aldo -- but you know how Vegas is. A few cocktails and a decent win in the casino and you're spending it like it's Monopoly money! I checked the price online later and the retail at Sears is $84, although it was on sale for 30% off. Shady, Kardashians, very shady! I dont mind you selling full retail. I respect that I was shopping in a Vegas boutique, not in Sears, but ABOVE retail?! Boo you, Team Dash!The other thing I noticed was that one girl got a cute shopper for her purchases, and I got a crappy plastic Mirage bag, even though I spent more than $100 and the other gal had a couple of itty bitty purchases. Guess I'm not who they want to be seen as their customer? Whatever. Definitely pick up a postcard ($1). A cute place to spend a few minutes, sort of Sugar Factory without the candy theme. I'm docking 2 stars for the shady pricing and the selective shopper bag policy.
5	Yes, I am a Kardashian fan...and it was my mission to come here during my last trip with my boyfriend. There were two girls working and a security guard at the door. It has all things Kardashian in the store. They had cute t-shirts that said "I Want to be a Kardashian When I Grow Up". They also had a few Rich Soil (Lamar's clothing line) t-shirts in the store and signed pictures of themselves for sale. I would have liked to spend a lot more money in there, but I hadn't done too well on the whole gambling thing. My boyfriend was talking to the security guard while I shopped around, since food and drinks aren't allowed in the store. He (security guard) said that only Kendall and Kylie had visited the store since it opened on November 1st. My boyfriend asked him if there had been any big problems. He said not really, half of the customers are excited, like I was. Then the other half are in there saying how much they "hate them" and he'll have to tell them to leave. I guess they are doing an official grand opening some time in December, so all of the older Kardash's will probably be there for that. I picked up pencils and Crazybandz for my daughters, a postcard for my best friend and a keychain for myself, spent about $30. I'll probably go back every time I visit Vegas and pick up a little something...my guilty pleasure!
1	Useless, overpriced GARBAGE!   I came in really wanting to buy something, but as I looked around the store and picked up the items, they looked very cheesy and poorly made for the amount of money they were charging.  Novelty items and ugly cheaply made clothing alike.  $100 for a clutch, and when I opened it, the magnetic clasp seemed flimsy and ready to fall off.  It was hilarious.   But what can I expect,   trash in exchange for money -- that's who the Kardahsian's are anyway, right?? Lol. Another thing that I will have to concur with another reviewer.  I did notice that they were selective about who they gave their Kardashian shopping bags to.  If they don't like how you look or don't think you fit into who they're trying to market their store to by carrying their bags, then no Kardashian shopping bag for you, you get a Mirage bag.  They'll gladly take your money, but they don't want you associated with shopping at their store.I say pass this store.  You'd find cuter, better quality items at the flea market.  And you won't be discriminated against and denied a shopping bag.
1	I hate to admit it but I watch the Silly Kardashian shows and was sort of excited to go in. These ladies are fashion icons so I thought they would at least have more clothes from their new line. I walked into the store and felt very underwhelmed. A few key chains, make up pallets, cards and books. The workers played with yo-yos while we looked around which took all of about 3 min to realize everything is overpriced. I hope they re-do it and bring clothes in.
1	Very cheap Quality but overpriced.you can buy same things from Chinatown for 1buck.and I couldn't understand thir shopping bag policy I got plastic bag but other shopper who had an extensions and tanned skin got kk logo shopping bag.i guess next time I should go half naked with a lot if make up then I can be qualified for their bag. I found this ridiculous and highly discriminated .give 1star
1	I was so excited to come to this store, however left with a bad taste in my mouth. Everything was extremely overpriced and very cheap quality. A flimsy, plastic door hanger was $15, note pad $15, a cute blingy compact was about $25, which I would have possibly bought except that when I picked it up, the studs were falling off. Thin T-shirts were at least $50, not worth it. So I wanted to get a little something as a souvenir so I settled for $4 pencils that had the one of their signatures. However, was not even given a plastic bag. When I asked for a bag, I was told they ran out....if I didn't have a big purse I would have had to carry the pencils, wrapped in tissue paper with a bow. From reading other reviews, it looks like they are discriminatory as to who they give bags to which is so shady! They should certainly revisit their bag policy if they want to retain their fans! I don't think I'd ever go back to that store. The creative director was working, and though she was nice, I felt as though she didn't want to give me a bag because I didn't spend much in the store.
2	i decided to stop here with my bf before i left for vegas just for my coworker since he is in LOVE with the kardashians and he wanted me to buy him kims face mask. my coworkers pretty lucky that i love him that much to spend 6 bucks for him haha.the employees there were fine but i dont get why they gave weird looks to everyone in the store. i was eyeing some sunglasses but gees i wouldn't pay $65 bucks for it,i might as well buy some coach ones at the outlet for that price! even their pencils were 4bucks bc it had a rhinestone at the top..when we know we can glue it on yourself!overpriced items,  but im not a hardcore kardashian fan so if you are..perfect place for you!p.s. i noticed people on here are talking about the bag issue..i got a huge, plain black bag (no logo) for the mask (which is a small mask if you know which one im talking about.)but i didnt know they had a "k.k. bag" for certain guests...they SHOULD give every single customer those bags if "theyre hiding or should i say only handing them to the "SELECTED few." anyone can drop $$ down even if its for a damn mask or a measly overpriced tacky pencil for $4 bucks. for the chick that says people need to get chill pill then you might need to take one too...even if it is a bag or not..every customer should feel welcomed, catered, and customer serviced the same-fair way. im SURE you would want the same way as well. MHMMM, thought so.
1	Overpriced junk.Nothing says fashion trendsetters like $4 pencils and $10 decks of playing cards.  I actually bought one of the $6 Kris Jenner masks (just a cardboard pic glued to a stick) as a gag gift.  Kinda embarrassed about it, but it has made for great fun at the bars.$40 for a coffee mug.  For that I should also get a walk-on role to one of the TV shows. I can play dramatic. Only in America!
1	Stopped in with my wife to check it out and the fact that they had no photos allowed posted all over kind of annoyed me.
3	After hearing about this store I had to stop by and see what it's about. I'm a fan of the Kardashians, and I understand the need to add to their empire. The store itself was very clean, and polite employees. I spent about 20 mins browsing the multiple souvenirs. Some of their things are overpriced (like the $40 coffee cup), but key chains, etc. weren't that bad. I settled on $12 Nicole by OPI nail polish, which isn't that much of a mark up. I was anticipating whether or not I would receive the KK bag, and I did (although no big deal to me). All in all, it's a fun store, although boyfriends would probably get quite bored in here.
2	Like its namesake, this store is pretty useless and irrelevant. I thought it would have some fashionable items, but in reality, it was full of Kardashian souvenirs...  Really?  I'm going to Vegas to lug back an overpriced collection of Kadashian paper and ice cream stick fans that look like it cost 1 pence to make in some factory in Malaysia?  No thanks. Not worth the trouble. Looking at the store makes you more empty inside.  I've lost a little of my will to live...
2	such a let down. The store was empty. There is hardly anything in it. I could not find one thing to buy. If I can't find anything to buy, trust me, it's bad. LOL Very disappointed at best. Very little merchandise in store. Don't waste your time like I did traveling down the strip to go there. would only stop back again if I stay at Mirage next time since it's located there. Would not travel to get there.
3	One star down because of the ridiculously high cost of items.  Another star off because I was still embarrassingly tempted to spend 45 dollars on a pair of flip-flops.  The store had a nice layout, a variety of items, and the two workers were friendly and willing to help.  I find it quite interesting people's comments about not receiving one bag over the other.  If one wanted the certain bag, can't you just ask for it?  I think that it's perhaps a bit of unnecessary sensitivity and over analyzing if one is annoyed/insulted about not receiving a certain type of bag, but I wasn't witness to that so what do I know? :)
1	Don't shop here! I took some family in because they wanted to get a souvenier. We bought something small (because everything is so overpriced!). When I received my item wrapped in tissue paper I asked if I could have it in a bag. I was informed when you buy a pen or Chapstick you do not get a bag - but I could buy one. I then told the manager I wanted to return the pen because that was the only reason I bought something in the first place. I was then informed that there are no refunds (even though the transaction only took place minutes before). This is absolutely ridiculous!!! What a ripoff!! I had words with the manager who didnt really seem to care that she had an unhappy customer. She probably thought I was a tourist - well I am a local and I will be sure to pass the word.
1	Don't waste your time.  I enjoy watching the Kardashians's occasionally with my 23 y.o daughter, so when she was in Vegas for a visit, came across the store while at the Mirage yesterday, and we were both excited to check it out.  Thought for sure I would find something in there and her too that we might want to purchase- not so!!  Very little thought put into store merchandise, lack of quality and a hodge-podge of items.  My prediction is that if they don't change their merchandise, the store will not be open for very long.  Just got a low quality beach towel at the Palms last weekend free, which is paper thin - well they have the same cheap beach towels there, with their Kardashian brand on them, but are asking big money.  If you need to go out of your way to get to this store on the strip located in the Mirage, don't waste your time.  Better items at the local outlet mall. Seriously, mostly cheap crap.  I agree with other comments that the masks may be a fun purchase for a gag gift or Halloween.
3	I'm a huge fan of the Kardashians and of course I wanted to visit their store and check it out it was set up very nice and they have so much to choose from everything was expensive there wasn't one thing that was inexpensive I bought 4 things and walked out of there spending over $150. I really don't understand everyone talking about the staff being rude because they were very nice and helpful from the moment i walked in to the time i checked out and left they were very helpful but as far as the price of everything YES it was expensive I won't be going back anytime soon to shop if you're a kardashians fan i do recommend checking it out because it's defiantly a store made for kardashian fans.
1	It's happening. They're taking over the world. One mall at a time and... it's awful.As you would expect, everything is overpriced. Like, way overpriced. My friend really wanted to go (and by friend, I really mean friend, but I admit I kinda wanted to go as well... this is the truth). So we hiked down the not so walking friendly strip all the way from Planet Hollywood down here. My friend was going for those face picture mask things. Pretty much a photo on a stick you can hold up to your face so you can be a Kardashian too. For the "low" price of $7, you can own a piece of Kardashian Khaos for yourself. Methinks not.The saving grace? The frozen yogurt store across the way. I'd invest in a delicious $7 treat before I'd invest in a $25 dollar Kardashian mug.
3	I was very curious to see what they would sell here at this store and found it to be full of merchandise of self promotion and a small selection of sports memorabilia mainly in part due to Bruce Jenner and Lamar Odom.  I wanted to find something fun and functional and ended up purchasing a deck of cards for $20 with the famous Kardashian sisters printed on each card.  I think the store would be great for those who just want to look and reminisce of the "Keeping Up With The Kardashians" reality TV show, but the items are more of a novelty with a high price.  Beware of the security guard who stands in front of the store and doesn't allow photos to be taken inside.  If any of the Kardashians or Jenners read this review, please note that I am a fan, but not of this store.
1	Just visited Khaos last week and I must say the outfits are cute but pricey and what really threw me off was you aren't allowed to take pictures of ANYTHING in the store. Funny thing, all I wanted to do was Twit how cute the stick on tattoos were but I was informed it was NOT ALLOWED...WOW. My friend and I left the store empty handy and we were planning to buy.
5	Love the kardashians if your not a fan why ho in the store?!?! Things are going to be overpriced uh DUH YOUR IN VEGAS!!!!!! lol I loved the store
1	My sister and I went here totally excited and the whole experience sucked. The employees are waaaaay over the top following people around and not allowing them to just browse. A blonde woman of about 50 years of age, also an employee literally asked me what I was doing on my cell phone. Um....excuse me, last I heard woman it's MY cell phone. I am a customer not the paparazzi, besides shouldn't you let Kanye take care of the paparazzi? Serious disappointment. Louis Vuitton isn't even this strict and they have actual quality product. You aren't allowed to take drinks into the store or snap any pictures and apparently you can't even text because the employees ask you what you are doing on your phone (very rudely I might add). They have a security guard standing at the door to their closet sized space. The availability of product is slim to none. This store is highly overrated and just not a good experience. But if you don't believe me, check it out for yourself. Just listen closely because you will hear the words, I told you so as you are exiting the store.
4	First I got great customer service everyone was very helpful and nice. I didn't have see any security I and I was holding my drink the whole time. The clothes are from their line so yeah it's "expensive" it's The Kardashians what do you expect, don't be cheap. Lol  I love my shirt I bought :) and Im definitely going back next time !
2	Ok, I admit it, I love reality TV and trashy "celebrity" shows.Not enough to pay for a Kardashian pen, $8 bottle of water or paper face mask of them.Didn't seem like anyone else did either.No photos allowed.Poor quality merch (those beach towels looked faded and tacky)Service was fine, but really just consisted of a guy standing around since noone was interested in buying anything.Those girls make enough money already, why degrade yourself with selling stuff no one needs (or wants)
1	I'm not ashamed to say I like the Kardashians and I am a huge reality TV show junkie. I spent all my free hours catching up on those shows. But why the disappointment?Well, during my recent Vegas trip, I found out Khloe Kardashian was making an appearance at the Kardashian Khaos. It was a no brainer I was going to stop by and see her beautiful face in person! Upon the day of the appearance, I walked eagerly over to the store located inside the Mirage Hotel & Casino, following the screams of girls. I found it and squeezed my way to the front to find Khloe standing inside the store taking pictures with fan. So, I asked the security guy where the line to enter the store starts. His reply was shocking. "The line starts over there and it is $150 to go inside." "WAIT.. did you say $150? to go in the store??" "well, Khloe is here but you can go in after 3PM without paying."  AIN'T NOBODY PAYING $150 TO SEE KHLOE KARDASHIAN. Okay, I lied. Plenty of people paid but I was not one of them. Now I can see how they got the huge family empire. I guess I'll just stick to seeing them on TV where it's free...
1	I visited this store a little while back and I will not be returning. It was my sister in laws first time in Vegas and she had to visit this place. She loves the Kardashians, she even has the whole K theme with her daughters. Well we were very disappointed by the way we were treated by the employees that were working. They weren't too happy about us having kids in the store and they were very rude and snooty. We could feel them watching us as we went through the store. They even made a comment about us taking the kids out of the store. To would think they'd be a bit more kid-friendly since the Kardashians themselves have kids. I won't waste time in this store ever again.
2	I'm not sure what I was expecting to find here, but it was in my hotel so I decided to check it out.  However, what I did find was certainly not what I expected, lol.  If you have always been wanting a beach towel with Khloe Kardashian's face on it, then look no further!! Or if you've been wanting a shirt that says, "Kourtney is my fave" .. you now know where to find it! OH and it's back to school season.. get your metal lunch boxes with Kendall Jenner's face on it now! Kendall not your fave? Don't worry, they've got Kylie too! It'll go great with your new $60 sweatshirt that reads, "Sunday Funday".  Sigh...can I get the 5 minutes I spent in here back please? This store reminded me of a Kardashian themed Spencer's. They even have a Wheatie's box with Bruce Jenner's autograph on it! Display only. Oh snap..Coming here in will give you the opportunity to say, "Can I charge that Kris Jenner bobble head to my room, please?" C'mon..where else can you ever say that phrase?!P.S. ... Lamar Odom's clothing brand "Rich Soil" is all 75% off. Seeing that made stepping foot in here kind of worth it. LOL!P.S.S ... Don't forget your Kim Kardashian paper face mask!! Where else can you find that hot commodity? ;-)
