4	The staff here is extremely helpful and knowledgable! I went in looking for Japanese Beetle Traps and got a full lesson on how to deal with my pest problem and prevent it next year. I was very impressed.
4	I really like Menard's. On my third home, and an avid DIY'er, I end up spending a lot of time and money in hardware and home improvement stores.  My experiences at Menard's have all generally been quite good.  This store enlarged substantially and added a lot of new features.  The place is huge.Prices and selection are generally good and I've always been happy with the help I've received.Hint:  The place is busy on weeknds.  Go during the weekday if you have a big project and need help.  Otherwise, expect to wait....
4	Huge, of course.  And a very helpful staff.  We were probably asked every four or five aisles if we needed any help finding anything.  Which is nice when you're wandering through these warehouse-type places.  You can get all sorts of fun things, from groceries to cleaning supplies to grills to tools to patio building needs.This isn't really a good place to go if you just need one little thing, though.  Too many distractions and then it turns into a trip to Target where I can't leave without spending at least $100.
4	This is a clean and spacious Menards store.  One of my good friends seems to go here multiple times per week, so it must have a decent selection of in-stock items and friendly staff.  The parking lot is large and there was an employee spreading salt during a snow storm during the one time that I was there.  Keep up the good work.
5	When it comes to big box home improvement stores, Menards is my go-to place.  This west side location is massive - their expansion into the space previously occupied by Circuit City increased the square footage to epic proportions.Pricing is fair; checkouts are quick.  The inventory runs from "excellent quality" to "cheapo" - I've purchased super high quality items and I've purchased items that broke or failed almost immediately.  During my last trip, I purchased: toilet fill valve repair kit, trash bags, floor cleaner, bungee cords, air fresheners, and some light bulbs.  Total cost: $28.  Staff is always helpful and will guide you to whatever it is you're seeking.
3	I can't say I hate this place but I can't say I love this place. So Menards right away is probably known for having everything under the stars for home improvement and other related products. This location is a little hard to get to but not impossible and is in a relatively good area to strive. As expected they have almost everything I have ever looked for in stock and at a competitive price. Its clean, products are generally clearly marked and are pretty easy to find. Now the reason I gave it a 3 Star review is their staff. Which I feel I should give another chance after reading other review but I'll provide my opinion.The staff, at least every time I have been here are extremely unhelpful. Not once have I ever been given a for sure "Yes we have that" or "Well let me check"  while I have been searching. They are few and far between and I have been "suggested" to look in an area across the store but never taken to an area, said to ask anyone else, or had someone look for something for me. They just use their radios to ask someone who in response just says "just have them (the customer) look in ' such and such an isle'". I haven't been back here for a couple months now due to my experiences but I may return for my next purchase to try and get a better experience. But we will see.
3	They have pretty much everything. But don't expect much help from the slacker guys they employ. They are too busy shooting the s$&t with each other to be forked to help you find anything. So allot extra time to search and search for whatever you need. Great prices, always lousy service when I go there. Also their "rebates" are in the form of store credit, not cash, so not nearly so good a deal as they may appear.
5	great hardware store. best customer service and prices.
3	Dear Menards, why would you make the layout different in each store?  I hate roaming around this huge place trying to find stuff.  Prices are a little cheaper than say an Ace Hardware, and Menards is actually more likely to have the thing you want, but any financial savings are negated by pain and suffering.  Unless you are a retiree or contractor on the clock; in which case this place is fabulous.
4	Like Home Depot and Lowes, Menards offers a huge selection of products for your home and garden at very affordable prices. One of the best parts is that there are a ton of employees walking around, and they're all happy to help you figure out what you need and/or point in you to the product's location in the store.
