1	STAY AWAY. AVOID AT ALL COST!!NO STAR REVIEW! ....not even worth 0.01 of a star. real bad quality work. long review but worth reading to avoid my mistake.this is my 2nd review here at yelp (i usually just lurk and read reviews, but i really have to write this review to prevent you or others from going to this place).   vegas heat was around the corner so i decided to get my car tinted. my coworker recommended a tinting place he normally goes to but his bad direction didnt help. i ended up looking at craigslist. SIN CITY TINT AND ALARMS had an ad with $30 off on their $129 tint job. tempting. i rushed over before they closed. one hour before closing, they accepted my car. i was told its going to take 2-2 1/2 hours. the place smelled like wet dog (of coarse cause they have 3 bulldogs) so i decided to walk around outside and check out this korean store. one hour and 15mins later i decided to check out autozone (same building as sincity tint. right next to each other). voila! my car is parked outside. finished. my big mistake was paying right away without checking. oopps. windows were dirty (seems they used dirty rags).    while driving back home the car reeked of wet dog. worse part is, i couldnt even open the windows for ventalation (new tint rule). when i got home i decided to wipe off the windows clean. OOOOH S***!! What the F***! (that was my reaction). i called them the next day. i informed them of how badly they did the tint. it looked like they ddint clean the windows real well before putting in the tint. there were specks everywhere and scratches. they told me to bring it back in a week cause it could just be the water bubbles that should dry in a few days. i told them it aint bubbles, but they told me even if i bring it in now they wont accept it. not until i give it a week.    a week later i brought it back in. they looked at it, comfirmed the specks and scratches. but instead of trying to fix their bad tint job, they tried to squeeze more money out of me. they told me those specks came from a supposedly old tint that was previously in the car and was removed. and that they have to charge me extra 80 dollars to fix it. wow....what! we argued and argued. to the point the i wanted them to rip it off and give me money back. they wont return my money or redo the work unless i pay more. (real sad that authorities cant do anything about these kinds of situation). finally we came to an agreement to of $40 dollars. i was pissed and i wanted it fixed. they couldnt do it that same day cause they tell me its gonna take half a day to redo everything.    a week later i brought it back. 6hrs later (15mins before they close) they call back to tell me its done. GUESS WHAT! YUP, specks. but not much. when i got home. i noticed my driver side window was lighter than the rest (initially i had them do 15% on the back and 30% on front). finally i realized they only changed 3 windows (the front passenger side window, the two back passenger side windows). and left the rear window and my driver side window untouched. the new tint they used were all 15%, leaving the driver side window untouched and at 30%. i managed to bring my car back to them after a week later of frustration (busy sked). one of the only two guys that work there decided to wiggle the mistake AGAIN away from their hands even after i just finished telling him that the they only changed 3 windows and not all. lucky me the other guy (the owner i guess) confirmed that they did ANOTHER MISTAKE. they told me to make another appointment.   i brought it back today (6/15/12, which is 4 days after i showed them the lighter shaded driver side window. i waited at autozone (again the dog smell). 45 minutes later. my car was done. i inspected it. and of coarse, you guessed it, a whole bunch of specks and un-squeezed out water bubbles. went back inside and told them to redo it again. not only specks and water bubbles. there were DOG HAIR all over the carpet! nasty! surprise! the dude tried to wiggle out of it again and blamed the hidden dust that are hiding inside the door panel. guess what!? he told me to remove the door panel so he can do the job better. wooooow seriously? luckily, i carry a tool set in the car. i removed the door panel and had them redo the tint. 15mins later its done. and guess what. still some specks (few but still there). i drove out of there wishing i should have spent the extra money at a different place instead of trying to save 80-100 dollars.    another mistake i did was not informing the UNLUCKY new customers that walked in while i was there. sorry guys (i thought if i had said something for them to lose business they might not redo the tint in my car and/or do something bad to my car). this is real bad business. and i urge people to stay away. unless you crave frustrations.
5	I recently had my vehicle tinted here.  The gentlemen that I dealt with I believe he was the owner was very friendly and knowledgable on showing me the different tint options and pricing. Since my car is black I ended up getting the high end film. I would suggest making an appointment it did take a few hrs. I did notice a few bubbles in a few areas the next day. I gave them a call and they said it needs to completely dry and then the bubbles should dry up if not feel free to bring it back. The bubbles did end up drying up after about 5 days. I would suggest if you have a black car that needs a nice tint job this is the place.
5	My family and I have brought five cars here over the years and the results are amazing every time. The shop is right next to Auto Zone. Guys working inside are super chill and very knowledgeable about the different kinds of tint they offer. They took my truck in an hour before they closed and had it ready to go in 40 minutes! Bubbles have settled out and the windows look great. Definitely glad to have this place around.
5	These guys are GREAT! I had a problem with my car alarm not responding. I called to see if they have time to look at my car and when I brought my car to the shop the younger shorter guy checked out my car right away. Instead of just pushing buttons and telling me some bogus story on what's wrong with my and that I need a new alarm, the dude switched a few parts and checked other components of my alarm and he was able to find out what the problem was in only few minutes in the parking lot in front I the store. I was only charged for the part. Big THANKS ! Defiantly will be the place I go for tint and alarms from now on.
