2	I stopped here strictly by accident a few weeks ago. We have a Carl's Jr near our house and we go there occasionally. This one was advertising that they were also a Green Burrito. So I thought, why not?First, the employees here a friendly and very helpful. They clearly like their jobs and working at Carl's Jr. The food on the other hand, as the review indicates is only Two Stars. And, yes "Meh, I've experience better."My expectations were only in the Taco Bell range and sadly I wasn't disappointed. It was pretty basic. About two years ago, around Super Bowl time Carl's Jr introduced Chicken Strips. They were Four Stars outstanding. Now, they're barely Three Stars. What's changed is the size and freshness of the chicken strips themselves. I'm sure Tyson, or whoever was the vendor was told to reduce their size. They did and now I'll pass on them in the future. Its too bad, because they were better than the Colonel or Popeye's!
1	: (Hubby was craving Carl's burger and we were in this neighborhood, so we ended up here...A few odd things...Hubby had the Western burger and I had the bacon guacamole $6 dll burger... Staff was friendly, food was OK. Mine had a strong flavor, like cumin (I guess I do not like cumin very much) but I didn't know if it came from the guacamole or something else.My sweet potato fries (large) were like half. While the container was flat on the tray it looked full, but once I picked it up... I swear, it was almost half...Hubby had the criss cross ones and that was reasonably full, but the odd thing is that he asked for large but the receipt said medium.Straws? They only had short straws by the fountain drinks, which barely stick out of the large cups, like a cm or less... I went and asked if they had long straws and they immediately gave me a couple from behind the counter... o.OLike some other yelper mentioned, the tables, seats and floor look like greasy... Aaaaand, to top it off, my hubby noticed a bug behind me... and it looked to me like a tiny roach (like 2mm).... : ( those brown ones with a yellow spot...Yuck... please remind me not to stop here ever again... : (
2	Normally carls jr has some of the better fast food burgers around but this visit was quite different.  I only live 4 minutes away but when I got home the burger was almost cold.  I ordered a double and got a single, and the patty was super dry and quite tasteless.  The fresh baked bun was the best thing about the burger.
