5	Crazy cute store! They have so much stuff here and it's all from local people... so you get a good variety of styles.The handmade cards and cake plates are really cute. LOVE LOVE LOVE the day of the dead booth. These people did a great job in opening a community store where you find great gifts and crafts. I ended up with a couple of cards upon leaving, but will probably be back soon for the bride and groom day of the dead set.It was pretty quiet when I went in, but they just opened their doors a couple weeks ago. I really hope this business makes it. It is so different and cute... definitely worth checking out.
5	This place is adorable! It's nice to see a store catering to the "little guy." Great collection of different types of artists/crafters. Instantly fell in love with the pallet art.
5	Lovely shoppe! There seems to be something for everyone here! Reasonably priced too. I plan on getting most of my gifts here. There is beautiful knit items,fun kitchen things like potato bags, Pallet wood signs, Fancy Flip flops & Embellished shorts for the kids, Lots of vintage furniture & Jewelry. They even have pillows with states embroidered on them!! This place is just off Serene in a small strip mall  that also has a barber shop, dry cleaners, caterer, work out place & a smoke shopSo far I have gotten a day of the dead skull keychain, a steering wheel cover,paracord bracelet for the hubby,fluffy skirt for my grand daughter & a cardNeed a Gift?? This is the Place
5	I can't get enough of this store! I'm new to the area, and was so excited to find a local shop full of vintage and handmade goods like the ones I loved back home. There's ALWAYS something new and fun, which is saying something because I visit weekly! The prices are really reasonable, and I've found loads of gifts for family and especially my nieces and nephews. Love buying safe, handmade things for the kiddos. I look forward to seeing what's new this week! :)
5	This place is like a local Etsy. If you're looking for a gifts, house decor or other locally made goods, come here first. My favorite part of the store is the hand-picked vintage furniture. Such cute stuff all around and the prices are super reasonable. The owner is a warm and cheerful and has done an amazing job with this store. It's now my "go to" place for gifts (especially for babies) and household goods.  Stop by and check out this gem for yourself! And if you follow them on Instagram or Facebook you'll be the first to know about new arrivals.
