3	Just opened and figured out we give it a try place is nicely decorated and the service was on point the food was mediocre it was ok nothing to brag about with so many other sushi places I don't think I would be back even though I live around the block.
5	Food is just as great as the Rainbow location and of course it would be,  I see the same sushi chefs behind the bar at this location.  More spacious than the Rainbow location definitely more tables at this location for obvious reasons. Service and food quality is always superb and at its finest. Oh and they close at midnight.
5	I've been waiting for this location to open because I live a lot closer to this location. I always sit at the head chef NYI side. NYI and the manager always comes by and always makes us feel welcome. The food is always good!
5	This place has wonderful sushi! You order, they make it and it comes straight to the table. They have alot of good rolls and tons to choose from. Plus their all you can eat isn't super pricy and everything on the menu is included except sashimi. The only problem with the all you can eat is it is regular sized rolls so its worth it if your a big eater. I only made it to two rolls but my husband had at least 8! The service was really freindly as well. I will be going back next time we go out for sushi.
5	Check it! Oyshi is in the 'hood!  Yeah buddy couldn't wait till they opened got so tired of The Sushi and driving out to Rainbow got to be too much.  Thanks guys for opening up by the Lakes and Sumerlin.
5	Absolutely one of our favorite spots in town. So glad that they opened another location. Seems to be far more spacious than the Rainbow location. We went last night (Saturday) for dinner and there was no wait. You know how rare this is if you've ever been to the original.Food was awesome as usual. Tastes so fresh. Every time I take someone new I love when it hits them that "ohhh.... so THIS is what good sushi tastes like!" Took full advantage of the AYCE offer. From the spicy heart attack, to the savory dynamite... it's all good. Get there soon... before it becomes as popular as the first locations and you find yourself waiting an hour plus to be seated.
5	Initially, I found it very odd that every review on this place was 5 stars but after eating here, I couldn't agree more! We came on a Sunday for a surprise lunch for my mom for Mother's Day (I made sure it wasn't ON the actual day so she'll be genuinely surprised. Hehe) Let me start off by saying that I've never been to the other Oyshi location so I'm not here to compare or anything like that.So, the interior is just GORGEOUS! High ceilings, beautiful decor, bold, gorgeous color. The tables, benches and chairs are comfortable and spacious. Our hostess greeted us with a smile and our server Kyle, was just as delightful. He was so sweet and nice and accommodated us very well. Always checked up on us, with a smile every time. Now on to the food. Divine! I've had a lot of sushi and Japanese food, in general and this place is one of the best I've ever been to. Food quality is amazing. The fish was so fresh and sushi never broke apart (Sadly, I've been to a lot that does & it's not pleasant). Hot foods came to us really hot so we knew they were freshly cooked. I loved it!Oh & the best part would have to be the price. AYCE lunch was $21.95. For the classiest, yummiest, Japanese food, that is inexpensive! Sushi items seemed endless so you'll have a variety on top of the kitchen items. And please, please, please, try the Green Tea Creme Brulee & Green Tiramisu. Eating them was.. love at first bite!
5	Not a bad place,  food is great. And staff is helpful and professional.  I will be returning to this place in the near future.  All you can eat, is the bomb,  and for not a bad price.  My first time here but it won't be my last.
2	Found hair in soup and waiter lied said its something else. Service is bad and unresponsive. Food was not good. Believe me I'm a cook. Im also a well travelled asian. 2 star for decent atmosphere. Good job interior designer.
4	We finally checked out the new location of Oyshi at Sahara.  It's nice and roomy.  As usual sushi was good.  They had some new stuff on the menu.  I'll be sure to try them next time. We got to see Nyi again.  I think he actually remembers us although we haven't seen him in years.  This location is a little far from us but we'll be back for sure when we're in the neighborhood.  Otherwise we'll be at the Rainbow location bugging Ryan and Justin.  Ha ha!!!
2	I hope it is just growing pains. Only one server. Waited on refills for quite a long time. Sushi was good. BF ordered surf n turf... It was bland and not worth the money. I know it a sushi place but they should make the quality of food great throughout. We will not be returning to this location.
5	This was my first time here I know that they have other location. I loved it here I will be coming back for my birthday because they have amazing private room it was worth the experience and the sushi was great ! Customer service was excellent .
5	The AYCE sushi here is unbelievable!! It's the best I've had in the city and I'm an avid sushi goer! The fish are fresh and miso soup is unbelievable!
2	I've had a lot better sushi than here at Oyshi. The rolls were a little sloppy and so was the information on the food we ordered. It didn't quite meet our expectations, but left me full. Service here is pretty sad. Best part of this place is the ambiance, but the music is killing it. Excited to get the check and leave. No plans on coming back to this location...
5	So my boyfriend and I came here a couple weeks ago for his belated birthday dinner. The service was very good, and our server was very helpful in recommending items to try because it was our first time. They were very accomodating when I asked about having a quail egg shooter which was not on the menu. They also sang happy birthday to my boyfriend when I asked them to. The staff seemed very enthusiastic, which made the atmosphere more cheerful. Will definitely return :)
5	Saw this Sushi place and something about it caught my attention, so I decided to check it out. My boyfriend and I went there on a Friday date night. The place wasn't busy at all, but there was a larger party in the back. The sushi was amazing!! I already want to go back. I can't even recommend one dish. They were all so so good.
5	This place is 5 stars all the way. I'm honestly not an owner, a relative of the owner or a friend of the owner. I don't even live in Vegas I am from LA and here on business. But I do get to Vegas quite a bit. And now every time u do get out this way I will be eating here. I was finishing up a business meeting about 2 miles away and looked on yelp for a sushi place with a good rating. They fit the bill so I drove over there knowing nothing other than they got a great rating on yelp.When u drove up I was immediately impressed with the outside as it was very attractive and was obviously part of a new shopping center. Then I saw their sign that they had an all you can eat dinner and I got really excited!Anybody that knows me knows that I can eat. And if your offering me all you can eat im going to be there for a whole. And since I hadn't eaten all day I was ready. I sat at the sushi bar where they told me everything on the menu was available on the all you can eat with the exception of the sashimi. There were 5 people behind the counter at the sushi bar and they cranked out the food really fast. But it didn't taste rushed and it certainly didn't taste like all you can eat. In fact it might of been true bast sushi I've ever had. There was one sushi chef that took care of me almost entirely. I'm sorry I didn't get his name because he have me great service as did everyone else I came on contact with. So to sum it up if you live in Vegas or are visiting (it's only about 10-15 minutes from the strip) you must try it. If you line sushi you will love this place.
2	We went with a group of 10 including 2 small kids for an early dinner at 530 on a Thursday. It was already packed. The service was very friendly but we waited over 25 minutes for our first round of AYCE. The food quality was ok but nothing to get too excited about. Prices were average. My biggest gripes were the layout- crowded floor and you have to walk through a wait station in front of the kitchen and not run into any servers to get to the restrooms...and the music. It was nightclub music- ok whatever- but it was as loud as a nightclub. The group consensus is that we probably won't go back. It wasn't a comfortable atmosphere and not worth that for the sushi.
4	Ah, yes. The "newer" Oyshi. Essentially the same restaurant, but bigger--yet, somehow, not -quite- as tasty as the original location! Ambiance: 4 - The epitome of comfort: Tables that are far away from each other, enough to spread out your leg and arm span so that you won't hit another person. But still, not far away enough that you can't hear the conversations of the table next to you! Spacious with more tables and semi-dimly lit, this Oyshi seems to have a bit more romantic lighting, if you will. Don't worry! You can still see your menu!! Service: 5 - Our table service was fast, friendly, attentive. The restaurant wasn't busy at all, so they were really able to cater! Food: 3 - Just like their other location, they also offer AYCE and the choice of one of their specialty desserts! I'm usually a huge fan of their food, but the quality of the rolls were just not as good as the original location! When the taste is up to speed, most likely I'll go back, but for now, I'll drive the longer drive to the first location.However, if you do like this location and are looking for a roll to try, I recommend the Love Affair & the dessert is -always- worth a try! Also, if you like fresh oyster, theirs is delicious :)
5	Great service and excellent all you ca eat sushi for $26 per person, we will be going back.
4	The original Oyshi is my fav sushi spot but we love out on the reservation and it's just so very far! I was very excited when this location opened! We couldn't wait to go and we were NOT disappointed!!The prices are lower- The ambiance is clean and classy- The music was 90's pop and at perfect volume- The staff were all so polite and helpful making selections.The only reason I didn't give a full 5 stars is because they don't offer half rolls. My husband doesn't like a lot of the raw rolls that I order and it's too much for me to share his baked rolls. All in all... It was delicious and we will DEFINITELY be back!!
5	I would have to agree with the other reviewers that this place is really decent. I am not a raw fish fan, so AYCE was used up on a lot of cooked items that were all fantastic. The service was extremely friendly from our initial greeting to our exit. The location is very large with a modern appeal, and very clean.The server was a very friendly and provided great service -- I think her name was Jamee...
4	Food was great but service was a little strange. You don't order your food from the sushi chef you have to order from the waitress. Also we ordered 3 rolls and some sushi, you would think the sushi comes out first? But they brought out all the rolls and forgot about the sushi until we mentioned we never got it. Overall they're fish quality was great, everything tasted fresh and not fishy :) will be back and they're AYCE is a great deal with a lot of selection :)
3	This location has been under two different names . The quality of the sushi is not the same as the location on Rainbow . The service is OK . Improvements are needed if they want to carry the Oyshi's reputation. The only thing I liked was that they weren't packed like the Oyshi on Rainbow .
5	Very good sushi!! I came here with my friend Jill for all you can eat sushi. The staff is awesome with such great personalities. I am so glad they can make one of my favorites which is the Japanese Lasagne:-) They have a delicious parfait dessert that we both got. The drinks we great too I had a Princess Peach..mmmmnm good:-)
1	I've eaten at the other location, and liked it. But I tried this place, and I have JUST NOW recovered physically enough from the worst food poisoning I've ever heard of to write this review.We got the all you can eat for a late dinner.  The sushi was fine, as far as I can remember.  I ordered oysters, two of them came in a little plate.  I slurped down the first one, and it tasted like a corpse soaked in brine.  Since I shoot raw oysters, it was already in, and I figured, what are the odds the second one will taste like that too?  MISTAKE.  I told my dining companions, "Wow these taste like they've been dead for a while..."  I forgot about it and moved on.That night, my friend (who didn't have oysters) woke up around 1 or 2 am and puked.  She said she was fine the next day.  I was totally fine and figured her puny weakling stomach must've just not been able to handle the onslaught of all you can eat sushi.  I went about my day like a naive, unsuspecting fool.Wednesday, around 4:00 pm.  In my office.  The rumblings of gastric distress started to bubble.  I had cooked my usual breakfast, and gotten a sandwich from my usual place.  I thought maybe the sandwich wasn't sitting right.  Within 20 minutes or so my vision started hazing, and my stomach started blowing up like that blueberry chick from willy wanka.  I felt nauseous.  Made it to my car and sped home, feeling sicker and sicker.I bolted to my toilet and JUST made it in time as a violent torrent of vomit erupted from my face like a hurricane.  Violent wretching for several mintues, and then I slumped into my bed, exhausted.  However, there would be little sleep over the next 12 hours.  Every 10 to 15 minutes I would have explosive, violent, searing diaherrea like a poop volcano.It started to feel dangerous after a full day of this, so I got myself to a hospital. I was diagnosed with a deadly food bacteria present in dirty seafood and prescribed antibiotics. As I got in my car to drive home I projectile vommitted in my car. I had to call a friend to take me home and pick up my meds. I was unable to get out of bed for a full 6 days, except to crawl on hands and knees to destroy my toilet every half hour or so.Needless to say I will never eat here again.  I also can't see myself eating oysters ever again. Feeling thankful for modern medicine because this is the ish people die from.NEVER FORGET. NEVER AGAIN.
2	Oh how I wanted Oyshi on Sahara to become a local fave since it's so close to my place! Strike three and they were out. Sad as the atmosphere is great. I have added a star for the friendly server our last visit, which will be the last. It was a Saturday eve, around 6pm w four of us; two got the all you can eat, and my daughter and I, a la carte. The quality and freshness of the sushi was poor to begin with but the quality of the ayce comparatively was horrid.  It was sad but yet amusing as had a friend over from Asia and was headed to Tokyo the next day and we were watching the World Cup on their bar tv in which Japan was playing.There are plenty of decent sushi places but this is not one of them. I had heard they're other location is good, but don't think I will even attempt as have other places on my list.
1	We would love to give a detailed review of our experience however we never even made it to our seats. We walked in at 9pm and asked for a table for 2 and we were informed they decided to close early today..... 90 minutes early. WHO DOES THAT?????Good menu or not, there's zero tolerance in this town for subpar service like this. Scratching this place off our book of great places to go! #serviceisking
5	I've the all you can eat sushi at oyshi.  This location is just as yummy as the location on Rainbow.  I recommend that you sit at the sushi bar for the best experience.  This is a great way to get good recommendations from the sushi chefs.
5	Amazing lunch today!  Kenny was hands down the best server we have had here!  Very attentive and knowledgeable of the menu.  We loved the Nuclear Bomb roll and shashimi salad!
3	I have been to the old Oyshi a billion times, and have been going for years, so I am definitely a loyal and loving customer. Oyshi at Rainbow gets crazy packed busy, and for good reason.I am not a raw fish fan and like someone else said they have an excellent menu especially for those of us who like cooked fish.I came to this location for the first time on a Monday at dinner time. There was only a few people here, but for some reason they sat us right next to everyone else?Our waitress was very sweet and nice.Our food came out very slowly and took a very long time in between even though there was two cooks and not too many people.I saw a shrimp tempura lying on the floor, who knows how long, kinda gross.It's pretty and new, but I'm not sure
5	Went during the week for dinner and didn't have to wait long. I really liked the interior and the staff was very nice, we sat at the sushi bar and had great service.
5	great food! very fresh. Great service and very polite. Very welcoming crew. The decor is very nice and fresh. You will Love this place.
5	I can't go to another sushi restaurant  in Las Vegas.  Oyshi is the best one there and the $26 all you can tops it off.  This is not a buffet restaurant,  you order when you want more which makes the food fresh and hot.  My favs are the lobster lover, pork belly, salmon hand roll.  Oyshi is definitely a must try if you're ever in the area.
5	Lee, peter, and Daniel were the most amazing sushi chefs! I highly recommend thisnplace. My fav was the labster affair roll. All u can eat is made to order!!!!
1	Thought we would finally try out Oyshi since we were in the area and had heard such great reviews. Upon entering the place was fairly quiet with the exception of a screaming child, no big deal, and the normal chatter of customers. We came in around 1 on a Saturday and it wasn't very busy and we were seated right away. We put in an order for the AYCE almost immediately and began waiting. It was nearly 25 minutes before we received our first things, we were told the kitchen was backed up, yet when we got our food the calamari was cold, flavorless, and rubbery. My baked roll was cold. When I asked the server if it was supposed to be at least warm, I was given the run around and he finally said it had been sitting while waiting for the other things to finish and that he could get me a new one but it'd be another 20 minutes! I agree and when 20 minutes came it was just as cold as the first time. The manager didn't seem to care and almost everyone else was getting their food in a timely manner except for us. In total we ordered 5 rolls and 1 appetizer (3 of the rolls and the appetizer being ordered in the first 5 minutes of being there) and that was in the span of an hour and a half. even after all that we were given a half ass sorry from the manager and still paid full price. This place is completely over rated and I will stick with a different sushi restaurant that is more reliable and friendly. Too bad because the place was nicely decorated but that's about as far as it went.
5	Best and my new fave AYCE place ;) get Daniel as your sushi chef. He was pleased to teach me about and sample some live and obviously raw "horse clam" or geoduck and asked if it was ok to use fresh wasabi. Are you kidding!? Ummm, yes please! He also topped the scallops with wasabi tobiko which was a nice surprise :)
5	Great service, great food best describes this place, and you cant beat the all you can eat special. When you're here try the nuclear bomb,  yellow tail sashimi,  and the screaming orgasm. I gotta give a special thanks to Vince for such great service.
3	Oyshi is located in a plaza that doesn't have other restaurants so it was pretty empty when we went - Saturday lunch time.The restaurant interior surprised me. Very modern and comfortable. There are private rooms for larger parties. We were seated in a private room which was perfect since there were kids with us.AYCE = $21 for lunch, $26 for dinner. You pay the dinner price at lunch if you want oysters, ebi and uni.Our first round consisted of mostly appetizers.Stand out apps:potato croquette - very nice fried, good flavorbaked mussels - plump and covered with creamy sauce that has masago in itshrimp & veggie tempura - good batter and slightly sweeter than normal tempura sauceahi poke - not a whole lot of fish, but great seasoning on a bed of greensAppetizers that didn't really wow me: dynamite, spicy sashimi salad, fried calamariFood came out in a very timely manner and the wait staff were attentive and quick.Sushi:SALMON BELLY received much praiseSPANISH MACKEREL was good but cut sloppilyYELLOWTAIL was not buttery but still tasted freshRED SNAPPER great texture and sweetnessUNI TOPPED WITH QUAIL EGG was a bit discolored which concerned me and didn't have too much sea butteriness to it but still enjoyableEBI I passed on because I don't like raw shrimp but seemed okay. I tried to eat the brains but they were very shrimpyOYSTERS plump and very white. I could've used more lemon or some sort of mignonette thoughAs for the rolls, they all started to taste the same. Lots of rolls are filled with krab, and topped with fish. The eel & avocado roll was very disappointing because there was too much of the teriyaki type sauce and the avocado was not ripe. Presentation was good, but the actual handiwork of the cuts wasn't that great. The salmon lover and sexy rolls had some sort of buttery yellow sauce drizzled on top that almost made me gag because there was a faint hint of banana to the sauce. I am not a banana fan. Especially not on my sushi.Freshness: 3/5Service: 5/5Would I return? Yes.
5	Wow excellent food and service.  First time there but won't be my last.  Highly recommend.
2	Very nice and spacious compared to rainbow location. Ok so here i go with the review. Its exactly what you expect from the other location unfortunately. I'm just really surprised that by now they would have their Sh*t together. So when you order your dishes here you would think you get them in the order you order them but you don't. they would even try to rush you when you eat here because theres so much staff everyone takes your order.
4	I think the best way to enjoy sushi is to eat it proportionally and slowly. Oyshi has an awesome AYCE service, but what's even better is the portion size. They give you just the right amount to satisfy your taste bud and to keep ordering more. The server, Odi, did a great job at taking our orders down and the food delivery time was better than expected. Price was fair and affordable. I sure would like to see Sashimi available for lunch. ;)
5	Love this place!  Always loved the one on Rainbow but this location on Sahara opened not too long ago and the interior is so modern & edgy, great music too! Hot tamale roll will always be my favorite to order haha, I don't know any other sushi places who make that roll so.. Oyshi is my #1 sushi place in town.  Enjoy your food!
4	Their new location is in the space formerly occupied by Go Wild Sushi. Somehow they made the space less appealing. They tore out a row of booths and replaced them with tables. Also gone is the performance stage. The rest of the decor looks half finished. Luckily, their food is much better. A sampling of tuna, albacore, halibut, and yellowtail nigiri showed that their sushi is better than your average AYCE spot. An order of pork belly was good despite drowning in sauce. Rolls were fairly well crafter with minimal rice and ample fish. Each AYCE meal comes with one dessert. I opted for the velvety smooth chocolate creme brulee with its thick sugary crust.A kid's menu is available. My kid's order of popcorn chicken filled a large bowl. As an a la carte item, it was an inexpensive deal that easily would have fed four kids. He ended his meal with a ice cream parfait made with vanilla ice cream, granola and chocolate and strawberry syrup.3.5 Stars
5	This is a All you can eat sushi place,  and they do have ala cart as well. Did not have the All you can eat sushi,  but the Lobster affair was fantastic. The service was great. Quality seems to be good, but a bit difficult to tell at this point. I think it is worth the effort to try.
5	This place is Awesome!! From the atmosphere and decor to the service down to the variety of rolls, their Ayce is awesome!! I mean everything was awesome! This was my was my second time coming here and my experience was even better than the first! If u have been to a few AYCE sushi places around town you are either in a tight spot nearly in the couples  next to u convo, nearly touching elbows  or they are rushing u to hurry and turn the tables.. Not here!! I didn't feel rushed, my server gave great suggestion on things to try!! I left very satisfied and FULL! My new #1 sushi place!!!!
5	Great atmosphere.  Great service.  Reasonable price for all you can eat Sushi.  I like the fact that you can order everything from the menu.  There are many selections of sushi and more variety of Japanese food.  Their sushi is pretty fancy and fresh.  It's a great deal, only $30/person for dinner.  Love it!!!
4	I'm so glad this location is open! I love Oyshi and this one is so much better than the one on rainbow! The service alone makes it a million times better. Best AYCE menu by far! Lots of options for the non sushi eaters as well (aka my boyfriend) it's still new so it's pretty slow but it's better than be neglected by servers at the one on rainbow!
5	Our first time tonight, and the reviews we read on Yelp did not disappoint. It was a very clean environment the temperature was nice and chill so you know the sushi was good. Me and my wife both like the fact that they had specialty cuts of fish such as konch shell fish, salmon belly, halibut fin, and even scallop raw. Our server was very helpful and guiding us through the menu and even helping us learn how to drink a sake bomb. We sat at the bar and cook was very helpful. Recommending cuts of fish that he thought we might enjoy. And even stearing us in the right direction for dessert. The price was only a few dollars more than where we used to go as regulars, but here we felt that we were treated nicer and also got fresher fish for our money. If you make a trek to this location, be sure to sit next to Pete at the bar. The guy knows his way around the sushi bar and is very entertaining with his blow torch when he is searing items. Definitely worth the extra dollars if you're going to spend the money on sushi anyways.
5	I hate saying the word "date".  I prefer meet & greet. He was already seated at a table but I preferred the bar as usual when I'm in Sashimi mode.  Cool, noisy place, lots of energy!  Spacious table setting for groups and can be romantic.  The waiter was so attentive!  The chef I think was eavesdropping at our conversation lol I ordered a big bottle of sake then seaweed salad - EXCELLENT - usually I share so I have room for the real stuff. To die for sashimi platter  - red snapper, albacore ( wished they had Blue Fin), Spanish Mackerel.  Nice almost perfect sliced pieces. Lots of interesting conversation in between...more Sake.  Finally I offered sake to the Chef which I often do when I'm seated at the bar solo. He accepted and we toasted Kampai. The Piece de resistance to top off my already overstuffed belly - Unagi w avocado hand roll - moist not drenched in sauce.  Not too sweet and seaweed wrap just perfect & crisp for biting into!   I walked away with one of the best meals & company I've had in a long time!  Go and experience it for yourself!
3	So since we live around the block and were lazy we decided to give it another shot. Again sushi was ok nothing to brag about cooked food took forever to come! Waiter was horrible !Won't be back for sure this time. I don't care how close this place is!!!!!
5	Garlic edumame to start. Bonsai roll which includes spicy tuna roll wrapped with cajun albacore and avocado topped with garlic ponzu,  spicy tuna for my lil man and tempura udon for my mom. The Lil princess enjoyed teriyaki bento box. Love my waitress Iris, she is speedy, efficient and attentive to her customers. Thank you for a good experience.
3	Your average AYCE joint with mediocre fish hidden in a large selection of rolls.  It's not bad if that is your thing....no thanks for me!
5	Fantastic sushi, great food! We had a great time having dinner with our friends there.The servers were super nice and helpful. We loved the new location!
3	Came here on a Sunday night. It was busy so that just about all the tables were taken, but there wasn't a ridiculous wait. We had a really large party here, so we reserved a separate dining room to accommodate for all of us. Their service was really great. Food came out pretty fast and the waiters are friendly and are very attentive to your needs. The quality of the nigiri was just OK. It wasn't horrible, but it didn't particular stand out. The proportion or rice to fish is average. They give you more rice than some better places I've been to, which tends to fill you up. Also the quality of the fish wasn't great either. It was fresh, but with certain cuts of fish, you can generally taste a difference in quality from the texture. The rolls were pretty good, but they generally are at any AYCE place. None of it seems to stand out, but I rarely see that anyways. One of things I got that usually well judges the quality of a place was the uni and a salmon skin roll. The uni was ok. Usually a good piece of uni will have that buttery texture, which this one didn't. This one also had more of a soapy taste, which is generally from uni that isn't as fresh or good quality. The salmon skin hand roll: a good one will have nice, crispy, crunchy pieces of salmon skin. But the ones I ordered here were crunchy and moist, meaning that they didn't toast it long enough to get that right texture.Overall, it was ok. It was about $26 a person for dinner, which is pretty typical. I've already found some other better AYCE sushi places in Vegas, so I probably wouldn't come back here unless someone really wanted to.
3	The menu doesn't list the ingredients in the rolls. It might say tuna roll but doesn't say tuna and what. Like avocado or. Maybe it's just fish and rice. I don't know. The menu also doesn't designate what is spicy. I stopped in for take out. But couldn't get anyone to help me and the menu didn't give enough information so I left.
2	Sushi was pretty terrible. Service was fine but way too slow... Not a place I would recommend or go back too.
1	I wanted to like Oyshi Sushi as it was recommended to us by a couple of people. We are fans of I Love Sushi and Sushi Avenue. Unfortunately we had an experience I have never had before ... A live bug (not a roach but a lettuce Beatle) climbed out of our salad. To add insult to injury the manager did not really apologize but blamed on the people who delivered the lettuce. He said he had a similar problem with the edemame.  And as if this is not all bad enough he did not even offer to comp the one item we had eaten before the bug appeared. No class!! No sense of the customer. We will stick to I Love Sushi.
5	Love this spot. Everyone is super cool even if you want to hang out for a while. They play good music and it's not crazy loud or packed like the first spot. I like the steak bites and hot tamale roll. Try to Japanese garlic lasagna too. If you like a lil spiciness ask for spicy maniac sauce. I dip everything in it!
2	Service not friendly. Instead of greeting us when we came in, they told us they were closing in an hour. Fish was not fresh. Spicy tuna roll had an off fishy taste. Asked for no sauce on roll, but roll came with sauce. Overall was disappointed, would not recommend and will not go back. We only went there because our favorite sushi spot,soho, was not open.
5	After a fun night of ice skating, I had to treat my man to his favorite meal; all you can eat sushi. This was our first time at the Sahara location and definitely not our last. We get to Oyshi at about 9:30 and it had a pretty nice vibe to it. We saw two open seats at the bar and hopped right on up. It's a rare occasion to sit bar top when we have our 3yr old at every outing. Just a nice break from parenthood to enjoy each other's company. I always find that when you sit right by the guys making your food, not only will your service be outstanding, but you can see how it's made and get much quicker service. Curtis did an excellent job answering all of our questions and taking very good care of us for our late dinner, and we couldn't be more pleased with his knowledge of seafood and how prompt everything came out. Our server only came out once for small talk and to bring our drinks, hence why I don't even remember her name. Hellen? Hannah? Doesn't matter! We were also approached by another server, Diego, who seemed to try to snake our girl server for a tip, which I believe is frowned upon in the restaurant biz!   Another thing, if you're going to be around food and people all day, there's no need to drown yourself in Hollister cologne. At the end of the day, you're still gonna smell like fish and sweat. Diego, you managed to get under my skin In the 2 minutes of interaction, overdoing the cologne and pushing menu items on guests. Next time, do us all a favor, just stop before you make a fool out of your restaurant and yourself. I happened to have a big meal before our skate session, so I wasn't hungry enough to chow down on anything big. I did however enjoy the chicken yakitori skewers (which were coated in a very delicious sesame sauce) and a garden salad that was pretty good. Considering the fact that I don't eat sushi, or any other seafood for that matter, I just sit and enjoy my time with my favorite company. He LOVES uni and couldn't stop talking about the freshness of this batch. He also tried the halibut nigiri for the first time and was raving about how bomb it was. We were in a hurry to pick our little one up from her night with her cousins, or else I'm sure I would have sat through another 4 plates full of sushi for my man. If you're ever in the area, definitely make it priority to stop by Oyshi and enjoy a nice meal. Look for Curtis at the bar top if you have any questions or suggestions for some insanely crafted rolls.
3	This was my second time going to oyshi sushi with my friends and I was very disappointed. The first time I went set somewhat high expectations. The first time the food was excellent, the atmosphere was amazing, the servers were friendly, but speed of service died a little toward the end because it was busy (which is understandable). When my friends and I went yesterday for the second time, the service was below average. Although the servers were really friendly, they constantly forgot about our food. We had to remind them at least 5 times. I could look over it, but it wasn't really busy which irritated me. It was such a let down. Going to have to reconsider coming here again.
5	Delicious food, good atmosphere, great service - all quality stuff here at Oyshi Sushi.  And of course the name's rather amusing.  The sushi chef that helped us at the bar was very friendly and conversational.  Since we're new to Vegas, he even suggested some good places to go check out for recreational purposes.  We'd recommend this restaurant and will likely return, but will probably check out other places in town (since there are soooooo many options).  If you're nearby, I'd definitely say it's worth the stop.  Here's the rundown on food:Things we tried that I'd recommend:Rattlesnake Roll - good stuff, great combo of flavorsOyshi Roll - the signature roll lives up to it's role - a must-haveGyoza - order it pan-friend (even though they only list deep fried & steamed)Chung Hua - Probably my favorite roll of the nightNuclear Bomb - chef made this when we requested one of his choices - not for the weak tongued.  This one's very spicy and tasty!Yellowstone - really great baked rollAhi Poke Salad - I really enjoyed this - well rounded flavor, fresh and tasty - wife thought it was too seaweed-yShrimp Tempura - the kiddo loves this stuffItems you could skip:Baked Mussels - rather bland, prefer 'em creamier and with more zipCalamari - very basic, dipping sauces are okay, nothing special, needed saltHeart Attack - it's good, but have the Nuclear Bomb insteadTreasure - wife said she liked it, I didn't think it really stood out much;
5	Always awesome food and friendly staff. Very clean with a great atmosphere. The staff is always friendly and remembers my wife and I by name.
2	Strictly on service. ate here yesterday and felt like we were very limited on the ayce,  our server kept on implying that our order was enough or "it sounds good for right now" other than that the guy that was cleaning up the tables and getting the dirty plates took a stack of dirty plates from another table and put it on top of OUR dirty plate on OUR table while we were eating OUR food, very convenient for the server but pretty gross for us and showed no consideration for us while we were still eating. pretty disappointed with this oyshi location, i love their rainbow location and will probably just make the 30 minute drive out there.
4	I actually like this place a lot. Pros: they have a really large selection of specialty rolls and their menu in general is diverse. The restaurant is new and large and can accommodate large parties easily. They have all you can eat at a reasonable price.  Cons: some of the quality of the fish is questionable sometimes. Ive been here a few times and sometimes I can taste that the fish is not the freshest or the best quality. Overall, this place is not bad. Ive been here about 5 times since this location opened and before that I would go to the one on Rainbow but the wait was just so long at that one so Im glad this one opened.
5	BEST SUSHI BAR EVER. It was our first time there and I don't think I could ever go anywhere else again. Amazing sushi and the absolute best customer service I have ever had. Servers were very knowledgeable about promotions going on and made us feel so welcome. We did the Black Friday AYCE special and had 7 rolls (one of which the chef did half and half) and 2 orders of miso soup. Btw, be sure to get the J & B roll!!!!! We will absolutely be back soon. Great food, service, and atmosphere.
5	Excellent food and atmosphere!  Hidden treasure on a street with other sushi restaurants that deserve less attention! Some of the wait staff need a little more training. ( we had the Asian version of Debbie Downer) but overall outstanding!! He the Udon!!
5	Excellent service! Excellent food! Kevin is a great server with excellent customer service skills. He engages the guests and keeps us coming back.
2	There was no host to greet us to lead us to a table. My family waited for 5 minutes before we got a "hello". There was barely any people eating and all the staff was looking at us. That level of professionalism was an insult to our face. I'm giving 2 stars because at least the place inside looked nice enough to stare at for five minutes before we left.
3	The Best Oyshi spot is the one on Rainbow! I mean the atmosphere and service is nice. However, I gave this place a couple of tries since this one is close to my house BUT I rather travel to go to the one on Rainbow. The sushi is not as great here as the other. I guess maybe the cooks are different? The taste is not the same. For example, the Spicy Tuna Crunch tasted terrible. I actually tasted the fish. The one at Rainbow tastes good and spicy!
4	I wish the sashimi was AYCE but it's okay. At least the sushi is. I'd say, go straight for the raw fish sushi xD so good. Except on busy days. Then they just serve u fat lmao
1	Sad to give a bad review because it started off great. Somewhere after two orders it took 35mins to get someone's attention to make another order and another 20 for someone to tell us they're making it. Our server never came back after he initially got lost, but came back to tell us "sorry that's the way it works." Bullshit. Tried to be understanding seeing as they were shorthanded, but then again the restaurant was only half full and 2 servers and 2 runners walking around. Not our fault they were understaffed. The other sad thing is not everyone in the service industry is taught customer service and it clearly showed here today. Obviously won't be returning even though one of the servers(not ours) tried to repair the situation as much as he could. Too bad because the food was decent albeit it got sloppy as the meal went on.
3	I went to their other locations a few weeks ago, so I decided to go to this one with my mom yesterday. We walked in, and the host just kind of looked at us. He said hi, and just kind of looked awkwardly. My mom said she wanted to sit at the sushi bar, so he led us over there and took out drink orders and said he'd be right back. We got our drinks, then the wait came. The sushi chefs literally didn't acknowledge us one time. It look maybe 15 minutes for the waiter to come back. Another 20 to get any of our food, then it all came out very slow. We were there for like two hours. They kept walking past us, taking orders from other people, and serving them first without even asking us if we wanted more. Uh. Okay.The food, however, still awesome. Muscles and oysters are sooo good, the miso pork belly, nigiri, heart attack and the "my favorite" rolls were sooo good, plus the always delish rainbow roll. The Chung hua was pretty good, but the other one we got was kinda weird and bland. Basically, 4 for food, 2.5 for service. I'll go back though. Every place needs a second chance.
5	First time eating at Oyshi & I give five stars for amazing food AND service. My friend and I had $26 all you can eat sushi with tea and sake. The food tasted great and came out really fast. Our server's name was Odi and she was the best waitress I've ever had. She checked on us often and had a very pleasant attitude. I would recommend this sushi spot to anyone in the area. This is my new favorite place for whenever I'm in Vegas :)
2	Slow service. Food is subpar nowhere near top quality sushi. Wouldn't go back.  Sumo sushi 2 waaaaaaay better
5	Good spot for sushi, less of a wait time than the original so we'll drive a bit father to come to this location. Apps are on point and food is fantastic.
5	Sitting next to the head chief and his family. Sweet, he has given us a guided tour of the menu. No time limit on AYCE! Love the sashimi it came on a platter with salmon, albacore, tuna and yellowtail belly" not on AYCE" melt in your mouth delicious. Pictures of AYCE food and desert included in all you can eat. I trust your dinning experience will as great without Ryan Akagi Head Sushi chief leans over see you Yelping and introduces himself & family and recommends his personal favorites. Vegas is all about personal service Jamie and the staff provided in readable service. He works at the one on Rainbow but lives close to Sahara. In on this day off that is know the fish is fresh and the atmosphere is mellow.
5	As always Oyshi Sushi never disappoints! My gal pal fellow Yelper HeatherS. and I decided to try this new location that is closer to our side of town.The staff is Awesome and the food is always on point! We of course had the AYCE and it was just as Amazing as their other location that I used to frequent.This location is cute, dark, sexy and romantic with a fun club vibe with music playing in the background.We enjoyed the, screaming orgasm, lobster affair, love affair, Hawaiian roll, fried scallops, gyoza, poke, sweet shrimp and shrimp tempura. I really enjoyed the New York style cheesecake and Heather enjoyed her green tea ice cream for dessert. We ordered iced tea and were brought a nice carafe for refills.Oyshi is the best, I am truly spoiled every time I visit and this new location is just as fantastic as the one on rainbow.
4	*Review on specialty rolls, not nigiriCame here twice in the last month so I guess it's review time! Both times I've recently come I've been lucky and never really had to wait for a table but by the time I'm done, it's filled up and there's a bit of a wait so I would definitely call ahead for larger parties. I'm no sushi expert & I totally understand that you're not getting some award winning fish for ayce but hey I love the rolls and variety of them here; plus almost everything tastes good with mango sauce lol.PRICES:Lunch ayce: $21Dinner ayce: $26Few of my favorites:Sexy (my #1 fave!): yum-yum scallop, cream cheese, crunch flakes, topped with eel tempura, wasabi mango sauce and eel sauceLove Affair: shrimp tempura roll with yum-yum lobster, crunch flakes and masago on topAtomic Bomb: shrimp tempura with spicy crab, and jalapeno on top inflaming hot chili sauceHawaiian Roll: Albacore shrimp, cucumber and avocado wrapped seared albacore with garlic ponzuSeaweed salad: not too oily here & a lot of seaweed so an "A" in my book& last but not least, THE CREME BRULEE TRIO!!!! This is what keeps me coming back to this place.The chocolate flavor is my favorite because it tastes basically like a creamy brownie but their traditional and green tea flavors are awesome as well.Service has been good everytime I've came, water is always kept filled, and servers are pretty friendly. Also, this location is really pretty on the inside, definitely a good choice for date night.
1	So food was decent but our server ( fat dude with a beard ) was the slowest server i ever had. I wanted to order so i called him and he said just one second, after 20 minutes i had to call him again. He even walks slow. I understand that it was busy but him not coming and walking slow makes me never want to come back here. I wish i had a different server. If anybody is reading this and coming here, make sure to avoid the table he is serving. I hope the management take action.
