5	They've checked my wife's car before when I went out to LV to visit family. Gave me a great deal on an oil change that I needed. If you're visiting LV and looking for an honest operation, check them out there.
5	I don't know what happened, but somehow my Bimmer ended up in Vegas and then ended up not wanting to leave.  I called a friend who referred me to Major Auto Service b/c I was pretty much going to become a resident at that point.  I took it in and they were able to assess the problem, go over the repairs, the cost of the parts and showed me what they changed out.  Voila I was back on the road to home.  Pricing very good.  I got so use to the cost of Vegas, it was nice to go somewhere that felt like a hookup.  Definitely will go again, but hopefully I won't have to anytime soon.
5	The guys at the shop was very nice and helpful. Will take my car here again! Hopefully not tho... :)
5	These guys are great! I went in with no appointment and they took care of me no problem. I needed the high pressure hose for my AC replaced. Mark called around to 4 different places trying to find part to get it fixed ASAP. Great service, great work and very friendly.
5	My family and I were on our way to Vegas when our engine mounts broke. Mark at Major Auto Service helped right away to get the car repaired quickly and at a great price. He got us back on the road and in great shape! A great repair shop in Vegas at great prices!!
5	Major Auto are the most knowledgeable, well priced and honest mechanics in Las Vegas!I drove my car 10 hours from San Francisco to Vegas, and when I returned to the parking lot of the imperial palace hotel the next day I found a puddle of gasoline under my car. I started calling around, and it looked as if I may have to just scrap the car and fly home. None of the shops I called would give me a solid price estimate, but they all said that it would cost a minimum of $200 to remove the gas tank and find the leak, and a replacement take is $900 plus $300 labor. Thank god I found major auto. They said they would find the leak for $80, and subtract that from the bill if I used them for the repairs. Not only that, but they called around and found me a used tank for $200. They installed it for another $200, bringing the total bill to $400 flat. I could not have been any happier - Major Auto saved my vacation and my car!
5	I went on Yelp to find a decent auto shop that can do a simple oil change for my car... and I ended up giving this place a try. I called to make an appointment and asked how much it would be... since I wanted to use the best kind of oil for my car. Mark asked what kind of car I had and the year.. then told me the price. He advised to come in really early in the morning or after 3p.m. when it isn't hectic. So I arrived in the afternoon and I actually went into the wrong auto shop, since they're right next to each other and the sign looks like they own both places. I walked in and Mark greeted me. He remembered who I was from our brief conversation of what oil I want and the price. I also wanted him to check my AC, since it didn't feel cold enough every time I tried using it. As I sat down to wait for my oil change, he was always kind enough to give me status on how my car is doing. Almost like.. it was in an operation and I was the proud parent waiting for her baby to be done. During the wait, he calls my name and I look up... he asked me when was the last time I cleaned my filter? I told him not too long ago why??!?!! He then lifted up a very dusty, dirty filter and said.. I don't think you changed this for a very long time. My eyes grew big... I was in denial and told him.. that's my filter?! No way! Cannot be! At this moment, I was semi embarrassed to see such a filth. He began lecturing me, nonono scolding me, yea that's the word for having a very dirty filter and told me I need to change this whenever it gets too dirty. I told him, but I swear I changed it not too long ago and looked down like I was in trouble. Ehhh maybe he was right and so he asked me if I would like him to replace it with a new one, but he would have to call around and order it for me. I told him yes please... he said whenever you come back here for another oil change we can replace it then if that is more convenient for you. So I said that's fine, let's do it. I also asked him to check my tires, since it felt loose and not securely tightened. He ask me where my locks were for my rims. I told him it's somewhere in my car, I forgot where I placed it. He said that's okay we'll try to find it. As they were looking for it, he asked me... do you live a dangerous life?!??! Hmmm not reeeeally, I said.. why???!? He goes... because I found a ...... here, ........  there, ........  middle compartment , and ....... underneath your seat?! Oooh hehe I laughed... well that's just you know for protection, since I work at the clubs late when I used to do Atmosphere Modeling. I think he was more stunned and amazed how much things he found one after another, instead of my locks for my rims. Luckily, he said don't worry about it, we have one that fits and we'll just use that. He made sure everything was tightened up and my tires felt solid after that. Also when he checked on my AC, he first suggest that I get a new one, which cost a few hundred of dollars :( Oh hell no... serious?!! He called around for the most decent, fair price and I had a real sad face. He told me... you know what let me try one more thing to see if he can make my AC colder. After a few mins, he called me over to my car and ask me to sit inside. He said, is this cold air feel okay to you? I felt it with my hands and it was better than ever. I said YES!!! This is it! He told me, okay you don't need a new AC then... all I did was add more freon, since it was getting low. He could have charged me for that, but instead he only charged me for the oil change. I was so happy for his kindness and honesty about my car. Mark was very laid back and was very considerate to let me know step by step on what they were doing to my car and the status on everything, which I appreciate his great care in guest service. It made me feel I was in good hands and I didn't have to worry about getting ripped off in any way.  The oil change and check up on everything I asked for took less than an hour and it didn't even feel that long at all. I was in and out of there in no time. If you're due for an oil change or looking for a auto shop for whatever it may be for your car... I would highly suggest to give this auto shop a try. They tell you upfront how much it will be and they even shop around to get you the best price possible. The location is easy to find and it's the first complex to your right on W Russell Rd. coming from Rainbow Blvd. Great Service and honest answers... what more can you ask for?!!
5	These guys are awesome! I've been bringing my vehicles here for a few years now and have never been let down. In a world where honesty in auto repair is ALMOST nonexistent, M A S is the only shop I trust with my rides.
5	How times change. The last time I was here I was married and it was for her car. This time single, and for my car. Peter was a great help. He gabber me an oil change, checked my tires, and a host of other things. I asked if he could check on done rattling that I've asked to be looked at by others, including the dealer, before and he was actually able to not only find the problem, but also fix it for me! I don't live in Vegas, but I knows that when I'm there visiting family I have a place I can trust and depend on.
5	Peter was great. He was patient and took the time to explain what was wrong with my car in a way that I understood it. I finally found an honest mechanic. I will definitely  return to Major Auto if I encounter any issues or need any work done in the future.
5	Just moved to Vegas. Had an exceptional mechanic back in Chi, and was skeptical about finding a place of similar quality here.  This trip was just to test the waters with an oil change, but as soon as I rolled up, Peter was out, taking care of me, and making me feel at home.  I knew I needed new rear brakes in the next few hundred miles, and was happy when the mechanic pointed this out, and Peter helped me pick out new pads, and gave me a very competitive rate.  Overall, I'm very happy with the service I received @ Major Auto, and as a fellow Lex driver Peter is going to continue to help me VIP my LS.
5	Seriously, as good as it gets. I am a young woman completely naive to car repair and often feel as if I am being taken advantage of at auto shops.Not here. Overall some of the best customer service I have ever experienced. Peter was extremely helpful and polite. I have recommended everyone I know to him. I'm not even sure I could write a good enough review for this business. All I can say is go here before you go anywhere else, and decide for yourself. Thank you, Peter!
5	great service!!! looooovvveeee peter!
5	These guys are great! I found this a few years back when my car's ac broke and couldn't find any auto shop that I felt good about or that I actually trusted especially with the prices they gave me. They fixed my ac for me in a fair price, it has been 3 years and my ac is still in good condition. Proven great service from minor fixes to major ones this autoshop has been my go to place, they even fix minor problems for free for me! Honest, friendly and fair. Recommended to anyone who's looking for auto repair shop. Located at south rainbow and russell.
5	Peter is good dude with fair pricing.He did a good job on the brakes on my Lexus.Thank you.
5	Peter is great!  Took in my Ford Escape 2001. Needed some tender loving care. It was my elderly father's and needed sevicing. Peter is  very honest. He showed me all parts that needed to be replaced as well as the reason. He did not try to up sell any services.  He very quickly repaired and returned our car. At the same time kept in close touch and quoted us the price with each needed repair. Can't say enough. If you are looking for a professional, honest and pleasant person to repair your car. Don't hesitate to give Major Auto Repair, off Russell and Rainbow, a call.
