5	My FAVORITE place to start a night out.  Generous drinks, cute bartenders and great local DJs spinning all night long.
5	I had been to Tutto Mondo once on a Friday night.  It was enjoyable and I liked the "loft" atmosphere, but it was crowded so it was standing room only.  On a first date on a Monday night, we had went to see a movie and then we were looking for something to do afterwards.  I remembered liking the atmosphere of Tutto Mondo and thought it might be a good place to sit and talk over a drink (since it wasn't the weekend and would be less crowded).  It was perfect.  Dimmed lighting, cool DJ music, and a living room setting for conversation.  We didn't realize it at the time, but Tutto Mondo offers 1/2 price martinis every Monday night - BONUS!   I ordered my favorite martini (you can't go wrong with sour apple) and when I went to order a second, the bartender suggested a specialty of his:  an apple pie martini.   It wasn't on their extensive martini menu, but he thought I'd like it since I like the sour apple so much.  He was oh-so-right.  It's the good ol' American dessert...in a glass.  I haven't ordered anything else from Tutto Mondo since.  Of course, if he's not there, other bartenders have had to check to see how to make it, but the results have always been delicious!  Oh, and by the way, we're going on two years now.  :-)
4	I've had two very different experiences at Tutto Mondo. One time I was there while on a pub crawl. It was one of the final stops, and I mostly remember the place being really fun and packed with people and energy. It's got a classy ambiance but it's not over the top. The other time I was there for a group meeting on a weekday evening. We were the only people in the place and having a good discussion until these three obnoxious women came in and were cackling nonstop and screaming at each other. Not that you'd think otherwise, but Tutto Mondo is not a good place for a meeting when you need to hear each other. Just an FYI.
4	"Lounge" is exactly right.  Tutto's is true to it's name and one of the most fun places I've been to in Charlotte for getting a drink and hearing some new music.  Don't expect a true dance club.  It's a modern lounge with great drinks, a very full bar and nice decor - basically it's a bar with a cozy atmosphere after 10pm.The music is up to date, not too loud early in the evening but gets quite loud later on.  There's no dance floor, it's just open space, so you can dance if you want to but most are there to be in a cool, edgy environment, looking nice and enjoying time with friends and meeting new people.  It definitely gets clubbier later in the evening after 11pm.  And it can get ridiculously loud very quickly towards midnight which his a shame because music this good doesn't need to be ear-splitting.  One star deduction because there's no designated dance area.As with any "clubbish" atmosphere there are douchebags and idiots galore but just go there with your crew, see if you like the music and do your thing. The cool kids become pretty obvious and you know who to hang with and who to avoid.  The bouncers here are serious too, which is a good thing, so behave.
5	This place is not packed every night, and some nights (weeknights) there's not going to be anyone there but you and the bartenders.  However, on Friday and Saturday nights, the place is awesome.  There is energy, there aren't a bunch of tools hanging around, everyone seems to get along, the music is great, the service is prompt and friendly, there is free parking (valet if you want it), no cover charge, the drinks are reasonable and very strong.  I have been a regular for years and don't know what I'd do without Tutto.  This is a pretty classy place and I like it that way.
5	Best lounge in Charlotte. Nice place to hear cool tunes and kick back with your friends without stepping on anyone toes. Don't forget to look up and check out the awesome gothic-y chandelier over the bar...Be sure to go on Monday nights after 9 pm for 1/2 price martinis! $9 martinis for $4.50 and they give the extra that didn't fit in the glass, so it is actually 2 martinis for $4.50- such a deal!Cute bartenders, too!
4	I really liked this place. Very laid back.. good atmosphere..  posh! A great place to hang out with friends and chill.
