5	The rock house is a small lil place inside the imperial palace. It's got no bathroom and a very small stage. They have some of the nicest waitresses, not bad looking either. The music is lots of fun, all kinds....newer "hippity hop", dance, to oldies like "billie jean". Their bottle service is awesome and the crowd is very diverse. It's not a real "big deal" place. And so, it's nice to be able to just walk in, no standing in lines or waiting for the guys to be let in. All I can say is...bottle service is inexpensive. It's the best place to party like a rockstar and to really let loose. For all the memories that were had and created there, 5 stars!! * What happens in vegas stays in vegas * I can't say any more!
4	I went to this bar on a Saturday night, and I must say that they have the most awesome daiquiris ever! I can't remember how much it was but get the Blueberry one. It is so worth it. The cover is $20, but you'll get your money's worth. It is a more casual LV Venue, not too crowded, and has an great mix of rap, rock, and pop. You won't be able to sit out on songs you don't like, because as soon as you get sick of one, the dj is onto the next. The dj is a pro. At one point they shot snow and confetti out onto the dance floor. Lots of fun.
4	This place was just plan FUN!! the girls got in free the guys had to pay $10. It was a really upbeat place good music hip hop and dance, everyone was there to boogie and drink and boogie some more, its not one the LV Hot spots, but there is a lax dress code, no line, good size dance floor, and a lot of people just looking to dance and have a good time without on the hollywood bs.
2	We called this place the G-Palace...why?  because it's ghetto.  I came here because I got into LV late on Friday night and we didn't have anywhere planned to go, so we decided to check it out.  Don't go here if you have any expectations whatsoever.  Only reason i gave it two stars was because the bouncer let me in for free.  (usually cover is $10 for guys)
3	I've been to the Rockhouse once before, and I somehow ended up there again tonight.  It's strange, because I'm not quite sure what to make of this place.  See, this room used to be just a little bar you'd stop in while walking around the strip, and at night they had karaoke.  Never a cover.  Then someone came in and decided to make it a club.  Umm, ok.  So I checked it out when it opened, and it was empty.  And they were charging cover.  I had a free pass, but it was a hassle to use.Fast forward to tonight -- a friend said we had a hookup to go in free, so we went to check it out.  Apparently girls drink for free from 10:30pm-midnight on Thursdays, so the place was packed with girls.  I was actually impressed, as the ratio seemed to be at least 5 to 1.  Cover was $10 for guys, not sure if it was the same or free for girls.  But other than the high concentration of females, that was all this place had going for it.  It's small, it's loud, there's a line at the bar, and there's no bathroom in this place (gotta take a bit of a walk to the back of Imperial Palace for that).  After a few minutes of being bumped around, I bailed.
4	I've walked by this place many a time and I'm pretty sure the "venue" has changed a bit b/c every time we tried it out before it was a SUPER SEEDY R&B and Hip Hop "club".  This time it was more main stream music (Top 40s kinda stuff). We happened to walk by on a Thursday night (about two hours after arriving) cuz it was past 1am and Carnival Court (our go to outside bar for Thursday night arrivals) was closing at 2.  It ended up being a lot of fun. It's small, the floor is sticky and some of the guys are questionable...but overall the people were fun, the dancing was good and they were open till 4 or 5am, so we got ours. Only bad thingS?  No bathroom inside, so you're forced to walk into the nearest hotel to piddle.  The mixed drinks were $7 at 130am, but nearer 330am someone tried charging everyone $10.  We quickly pointed out that we'd been paying $7 (of course she thought we were too drunk to care) and she quickly corrected herself.  That's all!
3	The place is a complete HIT or MISS... and the cover is... whatever they can get it seems.  Most of the time if I walk down the strip before 12am, i get offered free admission. (I'm usually fairly well dressed, but I am a guy).   However, anytime it is expecting somewhat of a crowd, I have seen them charge 10$ to one person, and 20$ to the guy right behind them.  If you dont take the 20$, try to bargain... they'll usually accept it. * i have never, and will never pay a cover here *Even though i have never paid a cover, nor would I ever..., the place has been at times one of my favorite places to go in Las Vegas!  The people in there are either:                A.) New arrival to Vegas, or                 B.) Dont want to pay or wait in line for a mainstream club.Both of those factors make it have potential for a very fun, cheap, and exciting night!  When i go to one of the mainstream clubs/bars, it seems like the women are more interested how deep your pockets are as far as money goes, in the Rockhouse @ IP... it reminds me more of a club back in my hometown Pittsburgh (everyone there for just a good time).It has seemed in the past few months theyve changed their early evening strategy by throwing up a few overpriced beer pong tables.Useful info: Monday is ladies night.Pros:  -Cheapest drinks in an "on strip" club            -Little to no wait in line, little to no cover charge            -Hometown feel; but in VEGAS!            Cons: -Hit and miss. I have gone in there at 12 on a saturday and have been able to count the people in there on my two hands!             -No restroom on site. IP is the closest thing, far walk!             -Parking anywhere near it is tough. Especially because IP has the worst parking garage in the entire vegas area.
3	A friend took me here because she was highly entertained by the dancing bartender (Shauna, who is no longer there).  Someone called this place "ghetto."  I don't know what that is supposed to mean.  I have no use for the term, at any rate. This is a rather small and very dark place.  The music is a loud mix of rock and R&B, all danceable. I love the mix of ethnicities and the fun atmosphere, although the place is a bit of a meat market and it's common to see people getting drunk off the free drinks offered after 10:30 pm. Some of the tune mixing/blending is poorly done, but when its on target, I can dance for a few songs straight. You can also watch videos (often out of sync with the  music) on the several screens they have going.The crowd is a mix of ages- perhaps up to 40's range, and are mostly tourists. The only seating is for those buying bottle service; everyone else stands.  The floor gets pretty nasty with spilled drinks sometimes and black-clad bodyguards wander through to warn the guys to turn their hat brims to the front, stop hassling the bartender or to calm their loud, drunken butts down. It's not a place I would hang out at for more than an hour or two, for sure. There are no bathrooms inside and the exit leads right out to a garage entrance filled with honking cars and maneuvering taxi drivers so be careful if you're drunk or you'll be playing 3D Frogger.
4	This was one of my favorite places to go during the day. My group loved beer pong for $10. We made friends with one of the bartenders and he let us drink for free if we could pull 15 people off the strip in 15 minutes. The place is pretty chill during the daytime and the beer pong alone is a must do if your in the area.
3	This place is right smack in the middle between the Flamingo and Harrah's - and their gimmick to lure you in is a sidewalk stand with 2-for-1 beers.Not normally a place I'd go, but this was perfect for our bachelorette party shenanigans. It was pretty packed when we went in (for free), and then a scantily clad dancing girl pulled us up on the catwalk and gave us all free shots (of the super-sweet, not much alcohol variety). We got to spend about 30 minutes up there, taking up the entire catwalk and getting shot after shot, until one of our party got in trouble for using the stripper pole as it was intended. :) Anyway - it was pretty amusing to be ushered up there and dance while looking down at the very packed floor. The bouncer is militant about the "no boys aloud on stage" rule, and will shoo everyone who is not female away from you. They mostly play 80s and 90s rock (Bon Jovi, Def Leppard, GnR). A good place to go if you're with a big party and want to act silly - just be prepared: The male to female ratio was about 5 to 1.
4	If you're in Vegas, you have to stop by this place to get the highly coveted yard longs. I heard about this through the grapevine and had to drop by if I was in Sin City. I settled for a half yard long and chose one of their signature daiquiri mixes for $25. What's cool is that you can mix flavors of daiquiris. You can even come back with the yard longs for refills or keep them as souvenirs. Since we had a big group purchase so many drinks, we got a free game of beer pong (Woot!). We came during the day, so it wasn't as crowded. Cages were empty but I think they were meant for dancers. The music was ok and you can tell that this place had some character to it.But some turnoffs: the place was a bit small and the other "exit" leads out to the parking garage. So don't expect anything top notch. If you expect a signature drink from Vegas though, stop by for a yard long.
4	A great afternoon spot!!!  Cheap 2-for-1 specials most days (not nights), plus they have beer pong.  This is a good spot for a large group, and to find serious day drinkers.  Bartenders are very helpful as well.
2	Ever wonder where everyone gets those ridiculously large drink souvenirs? Look no further, get them here! I managed to get a daquiri in the shape of a football but was there any alcohol in it? I mean i finished the whole football and no buzz? It was more of a fruity drink that just tastes good. Overpriced drink NOT to get f'ed up!
2	its part of imperial palace...it has annoying girls standin on the countertops blowing their whistles...blowing their whistles NON FREAKING STOP....ridiculously priced maragaritas u can get for WAYYY cheaper in oldschool vegas.BLAH
3	Honestly, I don't remember much about this place. But apparently I had a good time. So I'll give it the benefit of the doubt. Plus, it was stumbling distance from our crappy hotel.
5	You are definitely a Rockstar (or people do treat you like it) when you go here, buy one of those guitar shaped containers for a whopping 80 oz of alcohol, then proceed to walk the strip. I got so many questions and so many high fives from this and not to mention an awesome buzz. hahahthis place is always crackin and will be a permanent stop everytime i come to LV.
4	Seems to be one of the only places in Las Vegas with no attitude, unless if it's called for......because only rock stars, go to the Rockhouse.This place was our greatest watering hole, we got a huge bong shaped container and kept it and kept refilling it as we passed through the strip. It was also a great stumbling distance from our hotel.Strawberry margarita was the greatest combination of sweet and strong. Get the extra shot for $2, it's more like 4 normal shots. I'm not sure if it's really tequila, it's probably the equivalent of sewer water from Mexico. But hey, it gave the greatest buzz.
3	I actually went inside this nightclub in my younger days and walked out, i guess at the time it seemed boring, but i do use their off the strip bar.The drinks are crazy and come in small to hey dude, you have a Guitar with a straw on your side (80oz). You can fill it up with beer or Daiquiri Mix, they have like about 6 to choose from.I went for the 60oz Hurrican with 2 shots of Vodka, Awesome (sorta cheap drink, but works) Staff is very blunt, can not blame them, they just want to work & head out, i am sure they get hit on, but ladies, please smile more.
5	Dear Rockhouse Bar,Thank you for making my birthday weekend as pleasurable as it could be.Whether I was at the mall or just poolside, it was your huge drinks that kept me buzzed or blacked out all day....everyday.Thank you.  And get rid of those annoying ass whistles you have your slutty mcslutterson workers blowing each time they sell something.All my love,Vince
4	I go to Vegas every year with a group of girlfriends and we ALWAYS end up at Roadhouse!  For us, this isn't the place to spend the whole night, but it definitely the place to end up and finish the night before stumbling back to your hotel room.The bottle service was fantastic and well worth it!  Our waitress was great and very helpful and friendly.  They play GREAT music to dance to.  There is a stage that girls can go up on and it includes two stripper poles! :)  The main down side is the bathrooms.  You have to leave the club, go across a scetchy taxi area, into a hotel, up the elevator...  Not good.Overall, my girls and I go here every year and will continue to do so!
5	I don't know how I have not written a review for the Rockhouse yet.  I have been coming here pretty regularly per visit to Vegas. One reason for that is the bottle service is the cheapest on the strip.  Most premium vodkas start at $255 per bottle, not the $450+ that Tao and Tryst, XS, Body English, etc ask.  Their minimum bottle purchases are less that the other clubs as well. The music is awesome, old school hip hop and of course the newest beats.  The waitresses are super sweet and love to have a good time with you, as they serve your group drinks throughout the night. I've never come here and NOT done bottle service. There are even two or three poles up on stage. There are a few bird cages as well, not to mention o forget the girls outside on the counter tops shakin' their asses.  IT's nice that it's also a casual scene. You don't have to be super trendily dressed to have a good time here. There have been some real fun moments had here. We've always been kicked out from the Rockhouse each time we've visited. It was always either because we were all too drunk and tipsy or some people in our group (never us) were too RAUNCHY. I didn't know that you could be TOO raunchy for VEGAS...but I guess every place has their standards. It is always a good time here!
3	Barely dropped by here for 10 minutes. I didn't go inside, but I dropped by the bar on the strip and they had this sweet concoction in a guitar shaped 32 oz container with a strap on. The thing was huge! It was $35 and my buddy carried the guitar around his neck and shoulders all evening. It was definitely an attention getter. As we walked the strip, people kept looking at the guitar and pointing at it. The female bartenders were friendly, but they kept blowing their whistle every time they got a tip. I gave them 6 bucks as a tip and they started blowing their whistles screaming out "6 dollar tip!!" It was all in good fun, but I don't know if I could handle listening to that all night. The drink in the guitar was somewhat weak, tasted like a virgin strawberry daiquiri, but the idea was clever. The female bartenders were extra social and kept trying to get us to go into the bar/club, but we politely declined as we were still walking the rest of the strip. Drop by this place, it's extremely convenient to just grab a beer or a GUITAR!! But it doesn't look like a place I'd particularly like to hang out at for a long period of time.
3	Seriously, I only went here for the cool drink container because it looks like an actual guitar and you sip out of a straw whilst looking like an awesome rockstar doing a guitar solo;)  It costs $32 for a drink filled guitar and $20 for an empty guitar.  By the way, the music was pretty good and the place was packed on a Saturday night.  The only ghetto thing is that it is small and located right outside of the Imperial Hotel and Casino which makes this club look more like a pit stop then an actual place to dance the night away.  No dress code here, in fact, some people were clothing optional...the drunkards of course;)
3	What a shock when I first walked in. So trashy and cheesy all around.But thank you for getting me drunk on my first night in Vegas and for playing such awesome music!
4	on our last vegas trip, my friend saw some dude carrying this gigantic novelty guitar filled with alcohol and decided that he HAD to have one.so a couple of weeks ago, we went to vegas for a concert and he finally got his guitar :] mind you this thing is HUGE! im talking like 80 oz of alcohol! its like the size of a guitar hero guitar! between the two of us, we finished like 2/3 of it til we finally called it quits! the drink itself was pretty weak, but who are we kidding, my friend just wanted the container.
3	Get the 80oz guitar filled with alcohol if you want to feel drunk and sick for the rest of the night. That guitar was the bane of my existence, but I guess it was fun to carry it around and try our best to drink the entire thing (I got a little more than half way). There are also beer pong tables, a cage, and stripper pole on the inside although we did not get a chance to participate. Maybe next time when we are ready to re-live frat party glory days.
4	Visiting Vegas from Monday-Thursday made us realize that, maybe, we should have planned a trip from Thursday-Sunday instead. We wanted to party at TAO, but unfortunately they aren't open Mondays-Wednesdays; good going, city that never sleeps. So we went here on a Tuesday night and low and behold, we were probably the only Asian kids in this joint. The bottle service was good and cheap, I believe, it was $25/bottle. Wayyyyy cheaper than any of the other joints on the Strip. I really, really enjoyed this place because of the two swings over the bar, the two elevated stripper poles and a red cage. You can say, I danced the night away without feeling a damn thing. My friend got the guitar filled with alcohol and got completely trashed. How trashed? Let's just say he ended up yacking into the empty guitar when he was done with it. Hah. First beer pong game was on the house, then the following game was probably $20. What else? That's it.
5	What happens in Vegas by day, is a result of the shenanigans that occur at Rockhouse. This is a must-go when in Vegas. One, to grab the 100oz Yard Stick filled with delicious Margarita... It's a disservice and epic fail if you choose to pass on the $2 for an extra shot. Pay $35 once, and refill for only $20. Also, another reason is FREE BEER PONG. It was a big mistake to come here after conquering the Rio World Buffet, but you can't pass up free booze right? Granted, my stomach wanted to explode... but we got the free games each day we came here... Plus, we got some fliers with really good specials that we were too drunk to take advantage of. One includes $100 bar tab for the first 10 groups with 5 or more girls @ 9:30... Also, find drunk old people dance inside the cage and get down... and the lighting was way colorful and there is plenty of seating inside. So Rockhouse, til next time!
3	Place is a dive... Beer pong is free if that is your thing.  I would get the huge 80 oz crowd pleaser and keep walking.  Great price on drinks and some trashy fun inside :)
3	I was here on my first night in Vegas, so I didn't know about the glitz and the glamour of the casinos. Even so, this place was a blast. They had great music, a little rock and later on some fun songs to dance to. It took awhile to get the dance floor going (people are shy), but after that it was a blast. The drinks are strong and cheap for Vegas standards and there's no cover. Definitely a cool spot to have a more low key or budget Vegas. I prefer the shiny side of Vegas, but this is fun if you're in the mood for it.
2	I'm not a fan of the clubs in Tijuana so to find one in Las Vegas that charges 20$ to get in seems like hi jinks to me....Whatever, when security isn't lookin' I suggest sneakin' in and seein' for yourself...The music was decent but the place is too dark and the only light you get is a crazy strobe light that made me think I might actually be epileptic. However, during the day they have cheap drinks and beer pong...if you are into that...
4	SBC VEGAS SERIES: 15 of many reviewsGame recognize game!Man, I'll tell you this much... that this place doesn't really belong on the strip. Actually, this place kind of goes against the grain of what one would expect to find in Vegas. It wouldn't be uncommon to be greeted by lots of lights, bars, people, women, women, women and loud music that you probably can't hear the words to. You don't get any of that here....Ok, maybe you get some of that here. Imagine if you will, darkness, lack of neon lights, lots of beer, women, women in cages, women behind the bar, women in front of the bar, women in high heels, women wearing jeans, women playing beer pong, women singing, women playing, women, women, women, a lot of unpretentious women....*sigh* and loud music, really loud music, but not loud enough that you can't sing along. I like to sing along. A LOT;D
4	i took in 80oz+ of alcohol in here and it was a blast!. Music blarring from inside to outside so there was a party on the strip and inside! barstresses would dance on the tables when no one would be ordering while having and insane time of furious beats and blarring early into the morning some alice deejay! the crowd can be shady at times but when the night gets deeper the people get sweeter! haha
3	We expected to rock out here, but there wasn't much rock to be heard. We still had fun for a little while, until they started playing stuff we didn't like. That's what happens when you just play a little bit of everything.
4	My final night in Vegas, I just had to hit somewhere on the Strip.  My friend suggested the Rockhouse and I was more than willing to check it out.  Walking by, I don't see how the music just doesn't pull you in ... they have such a great variety & selection of songs playing on the playlist (that you will find repeats itself in a few hours if you stay long enough).Walking in, you get a crazy stamp to let you back in - skull & crossbones - my fave!!!  No cover charge which is sweet.The bartenders are super hot.  Some are cooler to talk to than others.  The cool ones apparently get to swing on the tire swings bolted to the ceiling over the bar.  Some of the others just want to their job and not smile, apparently.  The promoter who attempts to bring people inside was cool and fun to talk to as well, jumping on top of the bar to grab a drink.  The crowd is decent.  Talked to plenty of "new acquaintances" that night that I will never see again, but the conversation was good for the most part.They have beer pong tables to get your game on ... and cages where dancers must dance on the weekends (I went on a Tuesday night).The drinks weren't too overpriced for a spot right on the Strip.  A shot will run you $8.00 though.The bathroom, well, there is not a bathroom inside the actual bar.  You have to walk across the driveway entrance to the Imperial Palace and release yourself there.I definitely didn't expect a place like this to be located on the actual Strip but I am definitely glad there is.  Wish this would have been open last year when I stayed at IP.  I would definitely go back here, but, next time, I am gonna swing on that tire ... ;)
4	We almost skipped the Rockhouse - now its a Vegas must! Walking down the strip on our last Monday in town, already feeling a little buzzed (Its about 11am BTW), someone heard the bouncing of Ping Pong balls from inside a small bar right outside of IP. It was music to our ears as we wanted to make Monday memorable. We walk in to see a family playing beer pong. I instantly know that AMAZING happens at the Rockhouse! My group doesn't really do beer pong but flip cup is very near and dear to all of our hearts. We ask the bartender - June, cool ass bartender with Bay roots! - if its all good for us to play. He pauses, laughs and commences to pour us a giant bottle of Bud Lite. The good life. After a few rounds, we challenged the beer pong family (from St. Louis) and had a blast. The final verdict - Cheap drinks and flip cup = good times!
4	To the cool bartender out front who wiped down the counter and broke the rules by letting us take body shots on the bar to complete our scavenger hunt, you rocked!(However, I'd be lying if I said it was a REAL body shot. No salt licking or lime nibbling here. The only "shot" they claimed to have was a cup of jager-bomb that I had to chug hands-free. Kudos to the crew for being a good sport about everything though.)I'm going to also throw in an indirect apology to the group of folks on the deck next to the red cage. I might have accidentally stuck my booty in someone's face while I was climbing the steps to squeeze into the cage with 4 other girls. The things we do for a simple snapshot...Couldn't stay here long enough to really check out the scene, but I'll keep in mind this is the place to be for endless rounds of beer pong, flip cup, and huge guitar drinks. Seems like a cool place for the youngins to get in a few drinks for a not-so-Vegas-steep price.
4	My friend and I stumbled in at 2am on New Years Day. It was my first real night in Vegas, so I had no idea what I was doing. The music was great and upbeat (songs you can actually dance to as opposed to some random rock songs other places will play). It was pretty dark inside, and there was a strobe light that turned on pretty often.No cover charge :)The hot bartenders are nice and sometimes swing on the tire swings hanging from the ceiling.The crowd is mostly in their 20s.There was a cage people could climb in. There is not a bathroom inside.There are a lot of small tables to set your drink down on or smoke and have a conversation at.
4	Rockhouse touts themselves as the only "ultra dive bar" on the strip and I would have to agree. I am the kind of person that tends to gravitate towards the dives rather than the clubs. The vibe is just so much more fun and laid back. Extra bonus points if there is a game playing in the background! After doing much research on where to spend New Year's Eve, we decided on Rockhouse. The idea of being ON the strip (instead of floors above in a hotel) and the fact that tickets were only $50 which included an open bar totally sealed the deal for me. Was it upscale and swanky? Nope, but what dive bar is? I mean, who can say no to stripper poles, cages and tires hanging from the ceiling? The girls that work there are hot (which means awesome eye candy for the guys) and it's just an all-around fun place to party. The only downside is you have to walk into the Imperial Palace to use the restroom. I did learn a shortcut though - instead of walking to the back of the casino, once you walk in the doors, take a left, hop into the elevator to the 5th floor and wa-la ... instant relief! Plus there is a bar there just in case you can't wait to get back inside Rockhouse. The manager Grant was helpful (and cute) and the bouncers were cool. All in all, we had an awesome time here on New Years. Added bonus was the fact that all we had to do was literally walk out the front door to see all the fireworks at midnight. Rock on, Rockhouse.P.S.  Because they were expecting a large crowd that night, they had to remove all of the beer pong tables, but I thought it was a worthy mention.  :)  Who doesn't love a game of beer pong on the strip while in Vegas?
5	The Rockhouse gets 5 stars, not for anything other than the guitar!I don't want to drink out of an Eifel Tower, I don't want a huge cup from Fat Tuesday, I want a bad ass guitar to walk around with, and well the Rockhouse delivers. If you're gonna get the guitar get the additional shots, at least 2, I'd suggest upwards of 3-4. Get the Octane 190, and then mix it with maybe something else. But Octane is a must. Go inside if you want, but if you're gonna get a ridiculous drink from Vegas, get a Rockhouse guitar.
3	I guess this place would be considered a hip hop "dive bar" if you will. no hassle on getting in, but it is $20 for guys (goes down the later it gets). Girls I dunno. Probably free just like everywhere else! Its strange because its technically inside of imperial palace, but its not.... like its in the parking lot/driveway/valet area. hard to explain, easier if you just saw. The back entrance leads directly out to the strip and you can hear the music clearly blasting while walking by. Like everyone else said in their reviews, this place has HUGE drinks. I mean like they are almost criminal (alcohol in mini guitars that you wear around your shoulders). The place itself isnt much to look at. If you have ever been to a club in Tijuana.... ya it kinda looks like that. I can't say ive ever had a great time here, but i cant say it ever killed my night. Its just one of those places, ya know?
3	"haha look at them walking around with plastic guitars!....Oh shit it's a drink!!!" O_Oyup we heard this countless times as we were walking the streets with silly guitars strapped onto us. I really did feel like a rockstar because we had a lot of eyes staring and a lot of fingers pointing. It was great! Only in Vegas would you find something as ridiculous as an 80 ounce guitar drink :PWell, in order to look like a rockstar, you gotta have the rockstar kind of cash as well. One of these babies cost $32, but we paid $80 total for two drinks including tip.. kinda pricey but you do get to keep it as an awesome souvenir! We added an extra shot to our slush because we figured we wouldn't be finishing the entire drink so some extra alc wouldn't hurt. The bartender girl gave us a pretty decent 8-10 second pour each.. and after drinking 1/4 of the guitar we started to feel it!Apparently they serve Fat Tuesday's slushies (as labeled on the machines) but for some reason I felt like they weren't as tasty. I got a half Strawberry Daiquiri and Pina Colada mix (which she layered for me, super nice of her!) but I remembered it being better at the original Fat Tuesdays.Come here for their guitar drinks.. or if you're ballsy enough, their 100 ounce cup with a neckstrap. Either way, you need to experience the ridiculousness of Vegas from Rockhouse at least once!
1	Giving this place 5 stars is a joke. I am a Vegas local and am used to some doorman being rude, unpolite, etc. but this place takes the cake. Maybe because their doorman are tired of telling people to come in to such an awful club. I understand the whole "ultra dive bar" thing and I think it has sooo much potential, but the staff has to be great to make it work and unfortunately their door guys and some security are ruining the business and they don't seem to care. Here's my story:Brought a friend from out of town out for the night and went and had some drinks along the strip to kill time before going to Jet. A promoter handed us free passes for Rockhouse so we figured we would stop in since it is on the way. My roommate and I asked her if they had an industry or locals night or did anything for locals. She said to ask the door guy for a drink ticket when you show him your Nevada ID but she wasn't sure if they still did that. She was standing about 15 ft from the door. So we go up and show ID's and my roommate asks him about the drinks. In short he said "why would we do that and I don't know why she told you that." We suggested he let her know that and he got mad about it. This coming from a guy at the door wearing a t-shirt and sweater vest with a bandana around his arm and a chain wallet by the way --- though he was a hot shot lolHe also got mad when i told him to calm down it was just a question... so we continued in anyway even though that was already a red flag. Inside the place is pretty empty but a decent crowd I guess. Mostly guys. Its a rock bar that was playing nothing but hip-hop (go figure) but thats fine with me since I prefer hip-hop.So we are having fun and dancing and hanging out with different people. I was sober my friends were buzzed. Than it got worse. First the security guard in our section got on his "tough guy act". My roommate was dancing with a girl on the stage area and he nearly got thrown out because of it. The guy grabbed my roommate and starting walking him outside without asking nicely or giving him a warning. The girl pulled him up there with him what is he supposed to say?Next another friend gets pulled into the "dancing cage" that we were next to by a girl and tough guy security comes over and tells him to get out. My friend apologized and came out and then the girl tried to pull him back in. The security guard was right there and my friend saw him. As a joke he made pretend like he was going to go back in (didn't actually go back) and the security guard forcefully grabbed him and ushered him out. My friend isn't stupid he was not going to go back in, he was trying to ease the tension a bit and this guy was mr. serious about it and threw him out. I tried talking to him as we went out and even Apologized to him for my friend. I went to shake his hand and he looked and me and said "get out of here" and walked away.Seriously?! They need to take a look at their establishment and realize that its a dump and they should treat the few people they actually get in there a little better and maybe they would stay or come back. They just lost two locals that go out pretty often and also have a lot of friends come in from out of town. They should tell people when you walk in that there is no fun allowed inside.Horrible experience and would not recommend to anyone. If you want to play beer pong go next door to O'Sheas the staff is nicer and its a lot cleaner. At least you can see the tables and the ball. Oh and there are NO BATHROOMS in the club... its about a five minute walk into the casino to get there. There was no DJ and the video monitors were showing videos that I guess were supposed to go with the music but the timing was waaaay off and it has not been updated in forever.
3	When ALL else fails go to The Rockhouse.Its a low cost club with pretty good drinks, and maybe your last ditch effort to make something out of an otherwise dead night.However, If you are not having a dead night and everything is going fine, do not come here.  I REPEAT: DO NOT COME HERE!
4	Didn't walk inside to the actual nightclub, but I decided to buy one those huge 65 oz. beer bottle souvenir drinks from the outdoor bar on the strip.  I choose to get a mix of margarita and strawberry daiquiri with an extra shot of tequila.  Definitely worth every penny and would recommend this place.  :)
3	Nothing says Vegas like a leisurely trip to The Rockhouse. I came here for a Kickball league party, and it was a blast. We had an open bar tab, the drinks were flowing. The chicken fingers were decent.My best suggestion is to get there early (while it's still full, but not crowded, with no cover). You can dance your face off. And prime yourself for the night out at a "real" club like XS or Tao.This is not a destination bar/club, but it's worth a "pop in".  Oh yeah, and the front bar has ridiculous shot specials. Go ahead. It's Vegas. GO TO TOWN!
2	It was there and so were we.  It was getting late and we wanted to dance.  The music was fine.  The crowd, ok.  It was only a $5 cover, thank god :)
4	Honest Review.  This is a great private bar!  I know the security guys there and here's what you need to know.  They will keep you safe whether you like it or not.  Guys are not allowed in the cages or on the stage.  This bar carries glass bottles and shoes must be kept on at all times.  Nevada also has decency laws and Las Vegas Metro cruises in all the time.  If you want to lapdance your boyfriend or girlfriend go to a strip club. The bouncers are all hetero males much as they like to see naked women, it is simply not allowed.  Remember,  it's a privately owned club and you can be asked to leave at anytime.  They don't have to warn you but typically they give you one warning.  It never fails there is always somebody who doesn't want to follow the rules especially after they've been drinking for 4 hours.  The restrooms are oddly placed but it does give the security staff the opportunity to see if someone is too drunk to walk.  It's a bit aggravating when some drunk keep falling into you all night, right?  So, go have a good time, you probably won't see the staff unless your doing something questionable.
1	Review based on Margarita sticks.For the price of the Yard stick and the quality of the margarita, one key word: WEAK.After spending almost $20 for this crap, I still wasn't buzzed even WITH the extra shot they put in there?! PASS.To top it all off, the girls aren't too friendly either. Gross.
3	So Rockhouse is an overall chill spot. The bartenders are pretty cute (Girls) lol... The music is probably the best part of the spot! I enjoyed all of the hip hop they played and they had a good selection of Rock that you could actually danced to lolAND they have beer pong! Which is my favorite sport, I CHALLENGE ANYONE :-D Me and my broher (THE BIRTHDAY BOY) murdered a few teams!!HOWEVER, there are too many guys in there, it is waaay too expensive for the style, it should be free because the drinks are over- priced, AND it gets waaaaaaaaay too hot in there! Its very small!So more pros than cons.. or is it even?? *Shruggs* lol
1	horrible experience... got jipped with bottle service .... waitres' are hot but the vip hosts are morons.... thanks for screweing up our night...
4	Ok so the first time I went here I would have rated this club 3 stars.  Now that i have been twice, I am giving it 4... even though the experience was almost exactly the same.  Why, you ask.  It is all about your perspective.  I went to vegas on memorial day weekend AND a fight weekend.  EVERYONE was in vegas.... Places were charging 100 bucks to get in after waiting in line for an hour..... It is all just too high maintenance for me.This place has great music!!  Down to earth people, for vegas... no lines, very little cover if any, strong decently priced drinks and giant tire swings for the waitresses ;-)  Both times I have been, I have had SOOOOOOO much fun!!!!!  They have beer pong till it gets too crowded.IF you are looking for a GIANT vegas club, bottle service, hooker women, and techno Please go to LAX...  Bottom line, this place isn't too vegas but in a good way
3	Have yet to go into the club, but the bar does not disappoint. Although many people chose to go in, on any particular night you can spot people dancing outside. Sometimes mostly cougars trying to hit on young guys like me. Although i have to admit their upstairs "casino' is pretty hard to get around while tipsy, i got lost a couple times ive been there and had a run in with security trying to go down the escalators that only go down. But any who this is the place to get those huge margaritas everyone in Vegas walks around with. Thirty five dollars for their huge one is a pretty good deal if you ask me, especially since their bartenders are pretty friendly and really cool when giving you refills for only a measly twenty dollars.
2	I know I'm probably the only person to say this, but seriously, can they change the name to something a little less deceiving? A bar called "ROCKhouse" with ads that have guitars and rock/devil horns on them, and bartender girls that dress all punked out that doesn't play any rock? Well, let me correct that statement a little bit.  When I was there they did play You Shook Me and Sweet Child of Mine but that was it. I think I heard more rock songs at my Grandma's Christmas party at her retirement community. I even walked over to the DJ booth to request a little rock but I got was that they didn't play it.  One of the DJ guys even told me that, "yeah, I know it's called Rockhouse but we just don't play rock here."  I know, I know. My sister's told me I shouldn't expect anything from Vegas bars/clubs by their name (she says "Pure certainly isn't pure") and you can't dance to rock songs even though I beg to differ. Besides, I didn't want to dance, I just wanted to shake my ass :)The whole disappointing non-rock thing aside, it was ok but I'm still not entirely sure it was something different than you could find anywhere else. I was staying at Imperial Palace so the location was certainly convenient but if I was staying somewhere else I wouldn't go out of my way to go there.  The inside was kind of neat with a cage, stripper poles, and the swings that the bartender girls swing on.  Those aren't really my kind of thing but it would certainly be fun for girls who do like that.  Actually, it's funny just watch the girls who are into that sort of things. Ha, ha! However, everyone needs to know that THERE ARE NO BATHROOMS IN THERE.  The closest one is inside Imperial Palace.I went with my sister and one of my chick friends on a Thursday night.  We had to pay a $5 cover but ladies got free drinks from 10:30 to midnight.  I don't know if it was all drinks since we just had beer.  I'm not sure of the price of anything after midnight but somewhere between midnight and 1:30 I ended up spending $80 on beer for the 3 of us. I guess that's about as much as any other club in Vegas, right? I don't really remember any of the bartender girls being particularly friendly.  I know bartenders are busy but they don't need to be snotty either. Yeah, this place had cute drinks inside the plastic guitars but I saw those at several other places and I'm sure they cost just as much.So what did they play if they weren't playing rock? Hip hop and rap that ranged from today's top 40 all the way back to the early 90's. Actually, the more I think about it, it sounded  like being at a high school prom without any line dances or the random Jitterbug and Shout. I guess that's fun.Don't get me wrong, I still had a fun time but it was probably just the company and we would have had a good time no matter where we went.  I certainly don't feel any need or want to go back to Rockhouse but it's good to see that a lot of other people that reviewed had a really good time there.
3	place is pretty cool, pretty busy, good music, but I don't really dig the vibe here. Daytime, you can play beerpong. We've gotten to play for free once, no strings attached, pretty cool. Thursdays, girls drink for free [not sure if this still runs, did in April]. Remember to not hand the free drinks to any guys. The bouncers look out for that. They probably put it in distinct cups to make it easy. Outside, they sell yard drinks. They really try to get a crowd in and make it all hyped since the entrance faces the main strip (the actual sidewalk in front of Imperial palace)
1	+1 After Hours Club. I guess you get a star for being open super late.a) $3 for a glass with water?!b) Sitting on a bar stool, waiting for a friend in my Bebe dress, DNKY heels, and Coach clutch, obviously looking at my phone to see if my friend had called--I had some smelly douche bag ask me how much it was to go to his room.  Uh...really?  Is it that common for working girls to be wandering around?c) No bathrooms?!d) Insanely hot inside.  Like inferno hot.e) General lack of class reminded me of...of...well nowhere I have ever been before. Can you say trashy?  Thanks, but I'll pass.
4	Went here for my birthday and had a blast!! No VIP red carpet BS you'd put up with at snooty clubs. Good mixed crowd, no drama, great music! Only reason I won't give it five stars is because it was hotter than fire and brimstone in there and security made me put my hand fan away! WTF?! Other than that it was fantastic!
5	A guy friend and I were looking for a cool place to go in Vegas without paying an arm and a leg to get into and that played decent music. We ended up passing by Rockhouse and the music sounded pretty good because we were looking for hip-hop and R&B. We ended up stopping and it turned out great! The place is not your "typical' Vegas club but that was ok! We were there on a Friday night and it was $20 for guys and $5 for girls to get in. The only downside was that there was apparently no bathroom because they instructed us to go across the street to the Imperial Palace which was not too far. Overall, had a blast! I definitely recommend Rockhouse!
4	Always have a good time at the RockHouse....I like the top 40, Hip Hop music they play..the gurls that work there are really nice, the guys working outside are cool arent jackasses, and you cant beat the $5 Jager Bombs they have outside!.. the drinks inside arent too expensive either!Last time we came here it wasnt crazy packed , this time it was sooo packed and was super musty and hot inside...but its all good cause we got in fo free and we were having a really good time!
1	I've been to many clubs in Tijuana...and this place is trashier than most of them. And just like the trashy clubs in TJ, it attracts trashy people. Don't know why you'd be in Vegas and want to pay a $10 cover for a trashy place like this when you can go to much better clubs for just a little bit more, heck you can get into many for the same price with the comps you can get. Being an afterhours club is the only thing it has going for it but it's not even good at that, it closes at 5. If you want a good afterhours club go to Drai's which parties all the way past the sunrise.
3	Shots Shots Shots Shots Shots! Everytime this song came on, it was like a government line with everyone running to get FREE shots! Haha!Rockhouse is like the anti-Vegas club experience. Not glitzy, people wearing jeans, and plenty of dirty south type of hip hop music and some top 40. Sorry I'm more into the glitzy scene. I see enough dive bars in my hometown. We parked at the garage for Imperial Palace Casino.
3	Came in and saw a variety of sizes for the margaritas. Loved the differences in ounces, but they were a little pricier than another place i've been to on the strip. Ordered the pink lemonade and 190 octane. Turned out great, but wish they mixed it more.Service was normal: in and out in minutes. Girls were pretty, but nothing to be crazy about.
1	What are they trying to achieve here?  They are probably making money, but they could make more.I walked in at 10pm on a Friday and got in w/o a cover charge and early enough to merit a $5 Ketel/Tonic. Not bad.  The place was kinda empty, but filling up slowly.  The fact that there is a Strip facing and an outside bar helps a bunch.  I saw one girl (a server?) dancing on a satellite bar and noticed a pair of tire swings over the main bar and a go-go cage in the opposite corner.  Ok, cool.  Dancing girls every so often.  The outside bar features daiquiri machines and 32oz souvenir cups and two more dancing bartenders. The girls were easy on the eyes, but nothing to write home about (except for the main bartender - a brunette who could be used as a flotation device in event of a water landing).So a casual environment in which to preshow my evening out.  However, the party never took off.  People paid the $5, came in, looked around, maybe bought a beer, stood there with their arms crossed and walked out. I saw it over and over.  I did see one drunk woman decide to become an impromptu go-go dancer by the cage, but security shut her down.  The girls that weren't bartending must have been off duty dancers/eyecandy because they certainly weren't waitresses.  My glass stayed empty for awhile before I decided to belly up to the bar and get another.Two more things.  They had couches in a roped-off area with buckets and mixers on the table.  Bottle service in a roadhouse?!? C'mon.  Nothing says culture clash like drinking fancy cocktails while watching a girl in cutoffs swing on a tire.  They also had a groovy looking mirror-tiled ceiling above the lighting truss but never bounced any lights up there.  I think it would've looked cool and expanded the light show to throw a laser or colored spot up there and let it reflect all over the room.In the experience-rich environment that is Vegas a bar has to have more than a few things right to pull in the crowds.
5	Stumbled across this place after leaving Pam Anderson's bday party and was sold after seeing people swinging....yes SWINGING inside!!!!If you want to feel like you're in a reality show or rock video this is the place to be!!During the summer it gets JAMMED PACKED, if you're lucky you will find people handing out VIP tickets and trust...it's worth itLike Jager well this is the place to get BOMBED!!!!Drinks are cheap and full of thrill in your mouthIf you're real lucky you can hop on the  bar and table dance for allthe hot messes you see inside
3	Decent place for cheap fun. I would never specifically go here for a night out. Rockhouse is more like the type of place that you always walk by on the strip. Most of the time, you don't go in. But every now and then, you decide to give it a try and you end up with a nice diversion.That's what happened to my cousins and me on Christmas Day. As we walked by, they told us it was free entry and open bar for the next hour. Come to think of it, I don't think they ever charge a cover to get in, but the open bar appealed to us. We had just come from The Chandelier and Mandarin Bar, so we figured we would balance the night out with a little dive bar style action. Even with the open bar, the place didn't attract a ton of people. We ended up just sitting there, drinking a couple of concoctions, and then leaving.Like I said, it's a nice little diversion.
3	This place is a total dive.  Probably one of the dirtiest clubs you'd find on the strip.  Luckily, I had a great time with some random people.  However, I think I ventured in on a good night.  Otherwise, stay away.  Lol.
5	I arrived to Vegas late due to traffic/reasons I don't remember, and ended up walking the strip with the girls around 3am (technically Saturday early morning).  As we walked by Rockhouse, [[I forget who or how]] we decided to check it out, just for a little bit.  A staff member led us in and onto the secluded stage area on the right.And wow, it was a GREAT start to my Vegas trip!+I loved the music they played, a LOT of hip-hop, definitely my absolute favorite to dance to+I loved the fact that we were given our own area so we don't have to worry about creepers+The staff was extremely friendly, I remember some guy pouring drinks straight into our mouths from the bottle (haha).  Plus, a random guy tried to join us but thankfully was [[kindly]] escorted off+No cover!-If you do stop by, definitely don't expect the typical classier Vegas clubs.  The place doesn't exactly feel clean or have a nice ambiance.  This didn't bother me at all, I was LOVING their music and the great energy coming from the crowd.  I would recommend this place if you just want to have a down-to-earth, chill time.  Don't expect too much, enjoy the music, dance with your friends, and you'll have a great time!  If you go in expecting something like XS or Tao, you'll probably be disappointed.I danced my life away here, and had a great time :)  I have no complaints!
4	Margarita Sticks aren't the greatest but my gf does love them just because we call it the adult slurpee! I honestly think it does not have enough alcohol but its alright! It tastes awesome. Personally I would definitely get a fat tuesday instead. But the next time i return to Las Vegas, I will be hitting up the Rockhouse bar and Nightclub for the margarita sticks or even possibly the rockstar guitar!!
3	Ok, an updated review.  I have seen some changes and they're getting better all the time.  I see what the management is up against at this place.  I give it 4 stars for daytime drinking and 2 for nighttime dancing.During the day they have good drink special and have to deal with a very itinerant crowd.  People wash in/out of this place on a 30 min schedule.  these guys do a good job of trapping them for awhile with $5 J-bombs, 64oz beers and beer pong.  They also continue to make $$ selling the frozen souvenir drinks to passers-by at their outside bar.At night they have a happening mix of tunes but some strange-ass people.  One girl came in an loudly announced that she like the ratio in here.  I said girls to guys, and she says no, us to them and points at the lone black guy.  Yikes, overt racism is alive and well.  Ironically she was there with her black boyfriend.  People always amaze me.If you are going to come here at night, drop by during the day and get a wristband or your name on a list and you won't have to pay a cover.
4	I usually start out here at about 10 - 11 am when I go to Vegas.They have HUGE bottles of beer that are sufficient enough to use for beer pong. Hint: When you go, tell them the promoter told you and your friends to go in and he offered a free game of beer pong. They'll grab the promoter and hook it up! Just make sure to tip the promoter!This place is always a blast. Beer pong, decent prices.The only time I went here at night was this past weekend because of free bottle service (yes, at Rockhouse). However, not worth $10 cover charge. Too crowded. Too small.Best time to go: Day time!
4	We liked this place 10000x better than the chateau. So much fun! Great hosts, fun diverse atmosphere and need I say it....Beer pong!
1	Please do not waste your time and money with this establishment.My friends and I thought it was going to be a good time.We actually enjoyed ourselves at first. We even opted to do VIP bottle service. But that was a bad idea. Smirnoff and Bacardi bottle service? Ha.But one would think that if you dish out $$$ for VIP, the establishment would treat you well, right?Not at Rockhouse.The guys in charge were rude and all around D bags.We didn't have any problems with the girls working, though. They were great.Dear bouncer,Next time someone is dancing, don't tap them on the shoulder and say "Keep it for the bedroom" just because the one dancing is a guy. And then don't go on and talk about the law against lewd acts in public. Last I checked, this place was a club.Don't treat your VIP like children.Buy your guitar drinks a block away at Cabo Wabo in Planet Hollywood.Aside from the bad experience. The place is small and you have to leave the club to go to the bathroom. "Rockhouse"? I question why they call it that when we heard NO Rock music.Don't waste your time and money on this place.
4	the picture explains it all a total new school rock joint.........!
3	With all of the amazing nightclubs in Vegas, why on earth would you opt for VIP here? Sure it looks like a good time, and maybe you're on a budget...when a bar is known for over-sized frozen cocktails, I don't know where you come from but come on, really? Now ask me, what is the real reason to go to Rockhouse? Huge cheap beer bottles and alcoholic slushies filled to the brim of your ridiculous guitar shaped bottle, toss an extra couple of bucks and the liquor is plentiful. A great place for outdoor day drinking, and people watching while listening to some awesome music. Definitely a kick-off spot, but not where I'd want to spend my late night.
2	Rockhouse is an okay time during the day.  They have TV's outside, along with beer being served to people walking down the sidewalk and some tables and chairs at the sidewalk.  If you can grab one in the afternoon and it's not too hot... you can sit in the sun, drink beers, and people watch... one of the best ways to enjoy an afternoon in Vegas when you've blown too much cash and drank significantly too much the night before.  They also have beer pong inside... which for those of us in a throwback to college mood, can be a pre-game that can lead to early evening debauchery.  All that said... there is no bathroom in the small area that it is... which is ridiculous.  And in the evening the "club" that it turns into is not even remotely worth going to with all of the other great places there are in Vegas.  Good times mid-strip for a few beers... and if you feel like a pickup beer pong game, but otherwise you won't be missing much if you pass it by.
5	On my last Vegas trip, I wandered in here while randomly stumbling around the Strip in the middle of the afternoon on a Thursday.This could be a setup for disaster, but the bartender 'Candace' (if the receipt is to be believed) was extremely cute, had a hot tattoo, gave me free beers for beer pong, and most importantly informed my ignorant self that what sounded like a mythical creation in a *double* Filet-O-Fish did in fact, exist.In summary, I met the perfect woman at The Rockhouse. 5 stars.
5	This is a night club? Lol never stepped inside so I'm only basing the review on their very delicious guitar filled margaritas! Or whatever it was I drank! Nice treat to have when your wanting to start ur crazy Vegas getaway when it's nice and hot outside! WOOT!
4	After Toby Keith's I Love This Bar and Grill, a group of five of us wandered in here.truth be told, they say I had an awesome time.  I may not remember it, but if pictures do it any justice, "they" are correct.Oh, and they let me bring in my outside beverage.  Which was a win for me at the time.  Not later that night, but right then, I was probablt as excited as a kid in a candy store...
2	I was last here on a Wednesday night with some family members. Girls got in free and guys paid a $5.00 cover charge.  Our group opted for bottle service which was ~$300.00/1 liter of Ciroc...for that price I could've gotten the bigger bottle in SF..but IT IS VEGAS.  We got the best booth (right next to the stage) and got WASTED.  The DJ played top 20 dance and hiphop(right up our alley) but the crowd was dwindling.  The dance floor was fully visible and only my group was dancing.  Oh well, watch us have fun!!!  THEN, Half way through the night we were told that we had to leave our table because we were done with our bottle....I'M SORRY, WHAT???  This place isn't even full.  What a shitty sales tactic to try and get us to buy another bottle.  I refused to move..and that was that.  I bought a guitar full of beer after that to regain my buzz and was high for the rest of the night.  Drinks were expensive...not expensive for Vegas but expensive for the dumpy bar they were served in.  I would revisit this bar but had to give a crappy review because of that D-BAG of a manager.
1	Loud, expensive, obnoxious, highly visible to the strip... SO unimpressed... Expensive cover...Only reason I came in here, is because I had met one of the bartenders... She promised to hook me up... Otherwise, for as many times as I had been to Vegas, I would never have thought to come here... Just never really seemed like my scene...Frustrated by having the leave the club in order to use a restroom.  This place was just a bad experience minus the fact that my buddy and I got shit housed for (practically) free.
3	We were walking down the strip and decided we wanted something cool to drink... It was 107 degrees outside. I had been seeing guys walking around with plastic yards drinking out of them, and I thought it would be fun to get one on my first day in Vegas. We came upon the Rockhouse and they had a selection of various plastic vessels that could be filled with a frozen concoction. I asked if I could get it filled with beer instead and the bartender informed me that my only choice was frozen drinks or Bud Light... I'd rather drink water from the fountain at the Bellagio than Bud Light, so I opted for a pina colada. I didn't get the yard because I didn't want that much of a frozen drink in me, and even though they tried to hard sell it as a deal because it was cheaper to refill, I still went with a 22oz plastic pilsner glass. They asked if I wanted an extra shot put into it, and as it was early in the evening, I passed. I kind of wished they had, because either I really was sweating out the alcohol or there was barely any in it. Based on taste, I'm leaning towards barely any alcohol in it. It still tasted good. I'm also glad I didn't buy the large one, because we found out that we can't take these into other establishments, they don't let you take outside drinks in. At least with 22 oz, we could drink it as we walked and it didn't take us too long to finish. We didn't actually go inside the club. At the time we were not in the mood for that kind of atmosphere. When we go back, we may give it a try.
3	Took the BF here to get a guitar. Took forever to get it but once he did, he was happy. He said it tasted good but he ended up getting sick by the end of the night. Not drunk sick. Like sick to his stomach sick.
1	Got to Vegas late night on a Thursday night and was wandering the Strip after Moon looking for something to get in to. It was almost 4 AM when we stumbled into this place for $5. All it had going for itself was the music, everything else was horrible. They have speakers outside too, might as well party on the sidewalk for free and save yourself $5.1/2 a star for the music, 1/2 a star for the bad ass female at the exit who should have been inside.
4	Lots of great memories of my last trip to Vegas started with this place. I'm talking about the club.  I went on Saturday night. Minimal dress code, no male to female ratio requirements, no fake lines/cattle round up, no wannabe Hollywood pretension. Just a ragging down to earth  good time! Awesome DJ doing mash ups, hip-hop, and a splash of rock. Friendly attractive female bar staff known to swing over the bar in a tire on occasion. A nice throwback with the go go cage. This would be five stars for my choice for the hottest dive on the strip BUT there was no hot male bar staff :( and they charged me $5 entry  even though I am a woman AND I was staying at the IP (wtf guys? I can get in free at Pure but not here?) I only paid because the DJ was clearly off the hook and I can't resist a club that actually plays hip-hop with no house.
3	We have never been in the nightclub before, because, well, honestly, it is a little shady. But, we usually go to the rockhouse bar stand located right on the strip and get our drink on! Get extra shots in your tall drinks! Cheap, good and good music where you can watch people dance on the strip - and dance yourself! Right on the curb of the street! What could be better then some laughs and good times?
2	couple friends and i were walking down the strip and went by.  we mainly noticed it because the place is incredibly loud, and the music is pretty good.  we weren't going to stop, but a friend was buying some beers at their bar since the beers are usually 2 for the price of 1.  as we were waiting for him one of the guys outside was trying to get us to go in at $15 each, to which we said no thanks and started walking away as our friend was still getting his drinks.  we walked probably another 5 feet before he ran up to us and said he would do $10 each, to which we still told him no thanks and then we got our friend and went to left.  to which the guy came to us again and said $5 each to which we still just walked off.  so finally he let us in for free after about 3 minutes of trying to get us to pay.  we went in, probably stayed for 30 minutes, maybe and hour.  it was loud, music was good, drinks were decent priced, so i was semi content there, but the girls there were very meh, even with a buzz on, and a lot of the guys there seemed like frat guys who were too douchy and got kicked out of their frat.  so we left, i don't think i would go back at all
4	BAD: the DOUCHE BAG security. I think this is the same security guy everyone is talking about because he's like the rent-a-cop that thinks he has all the power in the world but really doesn't. I thought security was meant to keep people safe or stop fights. This guys makes sure you don't come within an inch of any corners or the bar. He walks around throwing his shoulder into everyone as a way to get them out of his way. Next time, I'll be filing a police report for assault.GOOD: The music, wayy better than most clubs. A good place to go if you just want to wild out and not have to worry about upscale dress code. Drinks are cheaper and stronger than most clubs. The guy to girl ratio is good for the girls. Everyone there seems cool and down to dance all the time.
5	i love bloody mary's. especially in vegas, after a night of drinking and walking the strip. this is only my 2nd stop here, and both times i've gotten their bloody mary's. to me, they are strong and spicy and almost like a meal in a cup. never gotten anything else, so i can't say much else!
3	any place that has beer pong inside is gonna get a thumbs up from me! only thing that really sucks is that you have to go into the hotel to pee out all that beer, and their bartenders dont necessarily have a heavy hand with drinks
4	its The Rock House Its A Party Out Side And A Party In Side To
4	PLEASANTLY SURPRISED!At first I was skeptical about this place, especially bc of it's tiny (compared to most other clubs) size. It was free for ladies and only $5 for men. On New Years it was like $20 but that's expected. Out of all the other times I've been free/$5.I admit, the dance floor is a bit small and gets crowded quickly, but that's something you'd expect at a club. The bartenders are fast and their drinks are good. They're a bit pricy, ($12 for a beer) but it's expected when you're in Vegas... it's actually 1/2 the price of other "big" clubs... so if you're looking for a cheap way out, get hammered BEFORE you go anywhere in Vegas! That's something you know going to Vegas!! duh!I LOVE the music they play. They have a little bit of everything - little old school, little hip hop, little techno, little top hits... pretty much whatever your taste, you'll enjoy yourself!I recommend going during the week days, it's much slower and the dance floor clears up so you can get it on!It's also a good place to mellow down before you turn in, every time we stay at the Harrah's we go to the Rockhouse on the way back to our rooms, kind of a closure of the night. Sometimes they'll even let you go in free if it's close to closing time..Idk why everyone is saying the bouncers are asses... but we've never run into any problems...
4	This is for all of those people who like to blame security for their shortcomings.  I have worked at Rockhouse as a security guard.  90% of the people are fine, upstanding citizens.  If you get  into trouble it's probably your own fault.  Typically, you get a warning, but for some of you that just doesn't work.  We have to protect you from yourselves as well as protect other patrons.  Just because you purchase VIP, you are not the owner of the club for the night.  VIP gives you a place to drink comfortably with friends, family, girlfriends without being bothered with the general public.  If you want a girl or boy to dance on your lap then go to a strip club.  Some people noted that Metro police are hanging around outside.  Well if they come inside and your dancing on your friends lap then the club gets a fine and you get a ticket.  There are laws in Vegas, contrary to popular belief and Las Vegas Metro Police do not play, at all.  They will take you down then take you to jail...No restrooms...sorry...deal with it.  Rockhouse wasn't originally a club and  We get to watch you and see if you can make it back.  If you're too drunk to cross the street, you're too drunk to be in the club.  All these drunks do is piss other people off and get into fights.  Know your limits.So, my advice.  Come in have a good time.  Show some respect to the staff, yourselves, and the other patrons.  Nobody wants to  your  boobs or butt, all night long, except the perverts.  Not everyone is a 10 and some of you need to shave down there.  Thanks to all of the loyal clients who come week after week or year after year.Drinks are the cheapest here and the party goes till 5 am.See you there soon.
2	Ok so here's the thing...the bar is called Rockhouse. We went there after reading reviews all hyped up for beer pong and girls in cages. Nope. Nada. Zip. Empty cages. No pong. Hip hop that was happening maybe 4 years ago. Idk...perhaps its just me? But I felt duped. Nothing that was advertised at all plus no rock music. Humph.
4	I know a little too many stars here but any bar that still has LEGAL BEER PONG it deserves a good rating!Beer pong tablesGreat music$5 JamesonDancing Box/Cage88oz Guitars full of booze for 33 bux (2 people worth) **Creepy Beverage**Free cover if you get there early enoughSome things you just can't beat in life and this is the place to Rock-Out and let lose without that "clubbish Vegas pressure"
2	I learned my lesson...do not waste your money stopping at this bar to get the super large margaritas. I paid $40 for 32 oz tasteless frozen lemonade they called margarita. the $1 margaritas at the Casino Royale bar taste way better than what these liars sell
3	Some good music and vibe here, but a dive-y bar and club. Lot's of thugs seemed to be around. Good early place to go to warm the legs and the body with some drinks. Gambling right next door, so a good location to party. Would I come back? If I didn't pay, i would go.
2	It only gets 2 stars for having beer pong at 11AM. But otherwise I would give it 1 star. Vegas is the city of hospitality, and this place does not show it at all. They do not care if you come in the place to give them business. They had the rudest bartenders I have ever seen behind the bar. One guy just kept shaking his head every time we asked a question. He looked like he was miserable and did not enjoy his job at all. This city is all about tipping, and he did NOT work for or deserve a tip. There are so many other fun bars to hang out at on the strip.
3	This spot is a cool little tourist trap. Music varies from top 40 to EDM. This spot has the huge yard long drinks and the massive beer bottle up for purchase when you walk by it. I agree this isn't the best or most crackin place to spend a night out in Vegas, but when desperate times call for desperate measures then this spot is pretty decent.
4	I was enticed by the cute girl wearing glasses blowing the whistle outside! I'm a sucker for a girl with glasses even if they aren't prescription. Plus she gave me a free shot because it was my "birthday". Free cover before 11? Sorry I can't remember too faded off that purp & patron. All I know is we got in free & given a stamp to re-enter if we needed to take a piss. It was jammed pack in this mutha! Lots of women oooh weee weeee! Had a blast grinding on some random chicks & even better they were with it! The drinks were cheap & they kept coming all night long! The security staff were cool weren't pushy or dicks like at the other places! They even found my ID the next morning! Saved my whole weekend! Slipped homeboy a Abe Lincoln for helping me out. Like a bawse UGH!
5	I have been here 5 times.  I go every trip.  They have NEVER let me down.NICE people work thereBeer pong till 11 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!Light dress code but people are still dressed upBOMB music!!  Hip HopCages for everyone to dance in!!Laid back down to earth people!!!cheap!!!Strong Drinks!We liked them on Twitter and got free drinks till 12 midnight for $10 (5 for girls)!
5	The waitresses and security are fricking awesome! Had bottle service there last Saturday and had a blast. Pricing was moderate, the more bottles you buy, the cheaper they get. Great music, great atmosphere.
4	It feels weird to say, but I had more fun at the Rockhouse Bar and Nightclub than any other place during my last trip to Vegas.  There is nothing glamorous about this place, and simply put, it is a 'dive'.  Rockhouse is a part of the Imperial Place hotel, and is located right in front of the main entrance on the strip.  I came here on both the Friday and Saturday nights that we were in town.  Ladies entered for free both days, but guys were $10 on Friday and $20 on Saturday.  I also entered on both days with a drink in hand, and they let me in with no problem.  I was wearing sneakers, a baseball cap, and jeans, and I felt perfectly at home.  Although I had a great time at Rockhouse, there were a few things that I really didn't like about it.  First, they do not have restrooms within the club.  If you have to go, then you have to go into the casino at the Imperial Palace.  This was kind of a pain, because it was a pretty far walk.  The second thing that I didn't like is that they repeated songs, A LOT.  A few songs were played as many as 4 times within a 3 hour time span.  I liked the music that they played, but they really should expand the play list so that they are not playing the same club songs over and over.  My complaints are pretty minor, and overall it was a cool place to chill.The next time I am in Las Vegas and looking for an unpretentious bar/club to hang out at, I will definitely come back to Rockhouse.  It is far from fancy, but we had lots of fun here!
2	For the first time I didn't really read any other reviews on this and I'm basing my opinion on the one time I have been. I don't know if we would go back as we paid the 10 dollar cover charge for ladies night (I brought my bf) and there just wasn't much going on. It WAS a week night and I guess I don't go out much during the week because I work, travel for work etc. Its said to be truly loud in the hotel and I don't think I disagree with that but I guess the one thing that made this a total downer for me was.... it was ladies night, it was after ten and I was suppose to be getting free drinks but the bar tenders are all girls, and it took us like 35 minutes to get a drink and that's ONLY because my bf walked over to the bar where the one dude was working and he made us drinks. I guess the girls on the big bar were too busy flirting with the few guys at the bar to notice anyone else was there to get drinks.I personally have just one thing to say if any of the bartenders there do ever read these.... I might be a chic and you might not be into chics but I do have money and I like to tip well when I get good service. Unfortunately that night, the guy in the club got my money and we left relatively soon there after.What a bummer!
2	Meh. Really not all that great.
3	Rockhouse at IP closed a while ago due to the remodel and reopened temporarily in the PBR bar at Miracle Mile.  Now they have found a (permanent?) home at the Venetian.  There seem to be two rooms here.  A bar side and a club side.  Both have full bars and are served by the kitchen.  Smoking is allowed in the bar side.The bar side looks like the breast place (Freudian slip?) for day drinking and the other side is the best for people watching.I don't know if this location/arrangement will survive.  It all depends on how hard it is for them to make the rent money.  I'm sure they will promote the "club" end of things but unless they become the flavor of the month for awhile or find a way to put butts in stools they may go the way of the dodo.Hopefully the Rockhouse has a place reserved for them in the new Linq concept since the pedestrian traffic is what fed them at the old IP location.
5	The new place at the Venetian is the Best in Vegas for mingling.  The place is packed with people and everyone seemed to have a good time.  The drinks are filled with generous pours, the bar and food menu are extensive and the food is really good, with service better than you would expect in a packed atmosphere.  There are plenty of big screen tv's showing sporting events...mingling with beauties and watching sports, doesn't get much better than this.
1	I had there taco Tuesday special during the shot show and the tacos were absolutely horrible. I would not recommend eating them and service took forever. don't ever order the tacos, maybe something else on the menu is better.
