5	When it's that time to shop for new clothes, shoes, and accessories... I drive literally across town near Henderson to Silverado Ranch and Eastern, where Greatland Target Shopping Center is located. Some stores can be quite overwhelming, but this one is organized to where you don't get a headache looking at everything. It's located near Nordstrom Rack and Marshall's. It's facing the opposite side of Ulta, same building complex where Target is. Since there are many stores to choose from, this cute boutique could easily be overlooked. This is my first stop when I visit this shopping area after I browse that huge, peaceful Target store that I swear nobody goes to... hehe so nice!This store is well lit at night and when you enter, there's always a sale associate greeting and informing you on their specials that they have going on right now. They used to have EVERYTHING 50% off, which I went absolutely bonkers on. Now they lowered all their prices, so either way you're still getting a great deal. I always find something original here. The owner, Nike ( like the shoes) hand picks all his clothes and he's very particular in what he puts in his store. I have one soft, stretchy material mixed color pink dress that I bought here that every single time I wear it out... I always have a few people that stop and ask me where I bought that dress. The colors are refreshing to the eyes and it lures curious shoppers to find out where I shop. I honestly never seen any other girl wear this dress. It was literally the last one when I bought it and lucky me... it was on SALE. Oh I skipped out of there like a kid with a big, round colorful lollipop.. with suspenders and all! Pigtails.. no? Ok never mind. I also found a fitting, stylish belt to enhance tight dresses and shirts. Words of advice: You have to enjoy looking, to discover a great find.This store has some really cute short shorts for when you are taking some sexy pole dance classes.. What!?!? You don't know what that is?! Kiddin' me!!! They have strings on the side that you can tie up and it gives your silhouette more.. what's the word?!? Sex appeal.. yes. That's it alright ; ) Some clothings are slightly pricey due to the fact that the quality speaks for itself and the design is well worth the price when you can't find that type of comfort, soft fabric that feels so good against the skin, and style that just... fits. I fell in love in the dressing room when I tried on this beautiful, assorted colors of blues- Bohemian Skirt. I even said out loud... "Oh MY!!!" after I put it on. My plain turquoise tank top I was wearing became Thee tank top after putting on that skirt. It completely transformed my tank top and gave it this.. soft, feminine wind blowing in your hair look. The mirror was covered with my joy and smiles of hitting the jackpot of discovering that "great find." Fyi after diligently looking and trying clothes on... yes that's right.. Get yourself a slice of Strawberry Shortcake at Freed's Bakery that's nearby. Why?!?! Well because you deserve it you sweet thang, for having the patience to look around.. it gets exhausting sometimes you know. Yes... get it, get it girl!If it's belts, sunglasses, jewelry (*I was eyein' their white watches), hats, shoes, cute dresses, sexy club attire, velour jumpsuits, this is worth the drive to stop by. You might get lucky and buy everything you've been looking for.. or at least one thing :) ENJOY!
5	I love this store! i came across it by accident. I went to diva beauty to get my eyebrows threaded and parked across from the store beside it. Was on lunch break and decided to peruse - shopping beats eating if you ask me :)Anywho, getting closer, I notice this store had a nicer window display than the one i intended on going to, so I decided to check it out first before going to the next store...that never happened. I ended up spending almost an hour in here! I was like a kid in a candy store. They have so many unique clothes for very affordable prices. It's well laid out too. I just moved to Vegas, and i had a similar go to store where I previously lived. I'm so glad I found this store. It's not the run of the mill like forever 21. You and a few other lucky gals will have the same outfit (vs thousands hehe). i feel like i'm letting out a big secret, but I gotta look out for my fellow yelpers, since yelp has been pretty good to me.P.S. not sure yet how well the clothes hold up after being washed since I've only worn one and it was handwash - which held up well btw. But in general, i can't speak on the durability of their clothes yet. My guess is it'll be similar to H&M's
