3	I only stopped here once, on the way to a party at a friend's house.  Thus, I can only give it three stars.  I needed a cake in a hurry and Kribel's was able to fill the bill!  I also picked up some bread for sandwiches.  I have to say this--the bread was outstanding!  It's so yummy, all I wanted to do was slather some good ol' butter on it!They also make a concoction that I didn't try--the Good Luck Pretzel.  Their website is here http://kribelsbakeryofpittsburgh.com/ and you can read about these pretzels here http://kribelsbakeryofpittsburgh.com/GoodLuckPretzels.html  Kribel's supposedly has really good birthday cakes.
3	While driving around, we found this little cute, hole-in-the-wall bakery.  Passing by it several times (parking is at a premium) we finally found a spot the third time around.  Tells you how much we wanted some fresh bakery fare.  As we entered the door, "CLICK," and the door was locked.  Talk about good luck.  The ladies told us to take our time.  Somehow we had managed to get through the door about 45 minutes after closing.  Oh, what luck on our part.  The place smelled wonderful and the cakes, cookies, eclairs, pies, etc. all looked amazing.  First thing my friend asked about was a particular type of cake that he had been craving for a while.  Of course they had the Yellow Cake with buttercream frosting that he wanted.  She boxed it up and then we asked her to give us 12 assorted cookies, bakers choice but no nuts.Feeling happy about our current collection, I happened upon what appeared to be an apple purse.  It was in fact an apple dumpling (a whole apple inside rather than diced apple) and it rounded our order for the night.We couldn't wait, we started munching on the cookies.  They were fresh and good.  I particularly like the oatmeal raisin that she put in and the mint chocolate chip tree was the most unusual one.  After my fourth cookie, the box was removed from my hands and I was told that I couldn't have any more until after dinner.  That is not made-up.After having eaten some of the cake and the apple dumpling, I must say that I will return.  The dumpling could use a little more cinnamon and I could taste the extra acid that was used (lemon juice?) but I am fairly fond of it.  Yes, I will return.
5	I havent been able to find a bakery that rivals it anywhere in the country, and MY GOD i have tried!!! Starting with my 1st birthday, I got all of my birthday cakes from there until I was 21 and left pittsburgh and every time I'm in town, Sunday morning donuts from Kribels are must have. Whats amazing to me is that the ladies there always remember me, remember what I liked as a kid, remember where I'm living, what i'm doing for a living... even if they only see me once a year now. Parking can be a pain on the boulevard, but its not THAT bad. They have an excellent selection of cakes, cookies, donuts and different pastries. Its very fresh and very flavorful and CHEAP, you can easily get a half dozen donuts for 5 or 6 bucks. I'm a HUGE fan! :)
4	We always order our birthday cakes from Kribel's, and appreciate the great service, and reasonable prices. I didn't make paczki last year before Lent, and bought them from Kribel's instead, and I have to say, the custard filled ones are spectacular!
4	I was shocked that so many of my local bakeries are closed on a Sunday. I've always thought that puffed pastries and Sundays go hand in hand. So although Kribel's is a bit out of the way for me, I made the trip. And was pleasantly surprised. The woman behind the counter could not have been lovelier. The inside is very "old school" and there seems to be a deli attached although I didn't do any ordering from that side of the business. There was an abundance of cookies to choose from and they even gave my daughter a sample cookie for her cuteness. Our samples were great and I have high hopes for the other cookies! The bakery is located in a cute business district too. Will be back. Especially when the sweet tooth hits on a Sunday.
3	Kribel's is a Pittsburgh / Brookline institution. They have good treats, but I would say the flavors and selection are just average.They definitely have some must-haves, such as their donuts, but I prefer Party Cakes selections and tastes a little more. Either way, I think it's great to have two solid bakeries in Brookline!
4	First visit here last Friday.  Figured we would try a few items.  Got a longjohn donut, cannolis, and 2 mini-pies (lemon meringue and coconut cream).Best longjohn donut I have EVER had!The cannolis are pretty good, a little on the sweet side for cannolis, though.The pies?  meh.  The pie filling did not taste home-made, especially the lemon meringue, and the coconut cream filling was bland.Will definitely return for a donut, and will sample some of the other goodies, too.
1	Very sad to find that donuts are made the day before.  I ordered three dozen donuts at about $10 a dozen, and found them to be stale and bordering on disgusting.  With all the awesome donuts in this town, why would you sell "yesterday's donuts at today's prices?"  Won't be returning there for any baked products as I have no idea when they may have been baked.  The woman that works at the counter is very sweet, I wanted to support this local business, sadly, I cannot.
