5	What can I say, great prices, great staff, why would you go ANYWHERE else?
5	Great service and support as usual. Thanks
4	Have been here many times and had excellent service and was looking forward to writing a five-star review after my last visit, but it didn't happen. Had a flat tire at work, put on the donut, went home and made an appointment via computer for 2 pm the next day. My wife had a cancellation and so we dropped off the car an hour early and went across the street to have lunch. They called me and said they couldn't replace the tired because I had a seized lug. I returned to the store and as I had hand tightened the nuts enough to get the car home and then to the shop asked how a seized lug was even possible. The clerk (A gentleman by the name of Jon-Luc, yes like the Capt of the Enterprise) laughed and called me "Superman" They did send to the Brake Masters down the road with a form to take care of the problem free of charge. So I go there, they give me my car back about 30 minutes later with the donut still on.When I question this, I'm told that the invoice said to fix the lug, not change the tire and it could be done, but I would be charged. Late for work already I took the car and called Discount on the way and talked to the Capt. He said to bring in the car anytime and they would get me in right away. Next day I brought my car over after dropping my baby at the sitter, explained the situation to the clerk and sat to wait. After 45 minutes my car still hasn't moved. I was going to ask for my key back and the $16 I was charged for installation the day before , when a manager by the name of Edgar stepped in and asked the problem. I explained everything and how I needed to leave for work. He asked if I could wait 5 minutes. I gave him that. He personally went into the work area grabbed an employed and directed him to take my car in and make the change. He also pointed me out through the glass and told him to come get me as soon as it was done.  Edgar I thank you for restoring my faith in this location. I hope you get paid what you are worth
1	Have used them for many years and they used to be good.....not any more. Now the place is run by Harvard Business School graduates.  Eight weeks ago I took my car to have the tires rotated (I bought them there) and they gave me a big blast of sheet and said they couldn't do it because my front tires were worn more than the rear. I said "NO SHEET", thats why I want them rotated. Long story short they wanted me to buy 2 new tires so I took the car home and rotated them myself. This morning I noticed I had a slow leak on the right front and went to Discount again, same SHEET, they tried to sell me 2 new tires. I have 30K on 80K tires that are wearing good and have plenty of tread left. That's it, no more of my business ever again.  I took it over to Mikes Tires at Guadalupe and Price and they fixed it for free. I gave the technician $5 for his trouble.
5	OMG There is no one greater, Jean Luc, Edgar (my pal) and these guys made life so much kinder to me, I can ALWAYS trust them to keep their word, and stand not only behind their tires, but all the crappy ones you take your car to them for. They literally put a new tire on my car because I was in danger, and knew I had no money. They didn't care. They just are GOOD. These are the values I never expect in any place of business, but you find them here. I had a picture too of two of them both bending over at the same time, and from where I was sitting, it looked like their bums were touching, but I got my phone stolen, so I can't post it. Dammit. They are so funny! Go there! Nice guys! Wooooo!!!!!
5	I just bought the tire tonight and can't speak to how well it will work out, so this review is based completely on the great customer service we received.My car, which I am mere weeks/months away from trading in, was shaking so badly when I drove.  A quick check of the tires revealed a huge worn-down area that was literally about to blow on the front driver's side. We drove slowly to the nearest Discount Tire immediately.  Despite the fact that we pulled in at 6:10 pm (they close at 6) on a Friday night, they walked out to greet us with a smile, welcomed us into the lobby, and actually listened as I explained the fact that I didn't want to buy all new tires since we were trading it in soon.  Daniel had the guys fix us up in under 30 minutes, didn't try to up-sell us, and was extremely courteous despite the fact that we were holding them all up from their Friday evenings.  I would, without a doubt, go back again!!
5	Free A/C, Comfortable chairs and cold bottled water while you wait!Plus these guys really helped me out. They were able to work within my budget. I was able to get 4 brand new tires and my car is good to go. The Guy I talked to was named Phillip and he went above and beyond in making sure I got a good service at an affordable price. Saved me from going out on the road with my more than bald tires.
5	Fantastic service! We went in to get a tire patched up. Since we've bought tires from them before (but for a different car), they offered to do the job for free. They were rather busy that afternoon but all the employees were really nice. The fix only took about an hour and my car was ready to go when we went to pick it up. Will definitely come here again for all my tire needs.
5	I never write reviews, as a mater of fact this is my first. Was in 4 months ago and can only rave about this place. Best customer service experience I have had in for ever. Great, informative, patient, knowledgeable, staff. Matched the best deal I could find in the net. Complimentary water while I wait and I didn't finish the bottle because they got my tires on so fast. Free pressure check and rotation later on. Only good good. If you need tires or service I highly recommend these guys. They are doing it right and they get it. You made a customer for life and that is really hard to do to me. Sorry for waiting 4 mo to post this kind of review. Keep up the superior customer service. If I could remember the mans name the helped me I would mention it. I know who you are and I appreciate you.
5	This place is great!  In my 30 minute stay, there were two major waves of 5-8 customers each.  With my delicious cold water, comfy chair, and icy A/C inside, I saw this place move like a well-oiled machine.  It was almost like watching a New York Starbucks taking orders, doing work, and cranking customers out left and right!!  Never have I seen so many fast, hardworking mechanics do work like that.But wait, there's more!  They're very accommodating and helpful to your needs.  This place isn't looking to make stuff up to get your business, nor does it seem like they need to!  The front staff is kind, patient, and doesn't try to correct you or tell you that you're wrong when you describe what's happening to your tires.  I came in for a tire swap on a wheel that had blown out.  I really didn't give them a whole lot to work with because I had to be back in class in an hour.  Being one of the last in a line, I got out of there in 30 minutes with time to spare before class!  So ridiculously happy with this place.
3	First I'll say that I'm a Discount Tire fan all around, and I never consider buying tires and wheels from any other place.  However I won't be back to this particular location.  I called ahead to see if I could get a misbalanced wheel checked out quickly.  The guy on the phone told me it would take 20 minutes.  When I got there they said 45 minutes to an hour.  I had an appointment to go to, so I asked them to make an appointment for me and I'd return later.  They said it would take 45 minutes then also.  I came back for my supposed appointment, and then they told me it would be about an hour, then he said up to an hour and 20 minutes.  It ended up taking exactly that.Really, all I need is some honesty up front so I can plan the time between my other appointments.  I've found other locations to be spot on in time estimates, but not this one.
5	Best experience getting tires I have ever had. Jeremy was awesome!! Went in got a great deal for 4 new tires and walked out in less then an hour. The waiting area was comfortable and clean. Everyone there was so friendly and helpful, will never go anywhere else!!
5	These guys are very friendly and are extremely helpful even to those who don't know much about cars. They work their hardest to get you the best deal they can, and when they advertise something like free tire rotation, they mean free. The facility is clean, and its nice that they have windows facing the shop so you can see what the boys are doing.
5	2nd time I've been here and I'm really happy with them! They are busy so I tend to wait which I don't mind. Gilbert helped me today and he was on point. Very helpful and friend. Thy do great work highly recommended
5	Excellent service and kept their promise on time. Jason was excellent from start to finish.
5	These guys are just the best. They always work their butts off to get my truck in and out as quick as possible. Customer service at the counter is TOP-NOTCH. One time they accidentally broke my lug cover and it was replaced within the week, no questions asked, just a good heartfelt appology and "we'll take care of that for you ASAP". I'll never go anyplace else.
5	You guys are awesome! Except for the fact that I wish you opened earlier on weekdays ;) will never go anywhere but DT
