2	I have had great experiences with my AAA membership, so I decided to try AAA auto repair.  Unfortunately, that experience was not so great.  When I dropped my vehicle off they were very friendly and the shuttle was prompt.  I explained the concern I had about my car (while at a complete stop, the brake feels like it releases and the car moves forward slightly).  I received a call a few hours later informing me that nothing was wrong with the brakes and in fact they did not feel what I had described happening, but that my cooling fan wasn't working and I needed to have it fixed ASAP for $750.  I told them I would be back the following week.  Meineke (Alma School and Ray) gave me a free second opinion.  They said the fan needed to be replaced and they would do it for $350.  I got a third estimate from Arizona Tire and Auto Repair for $300.  I called AAA to get a breakdown of the estimate they gave me, as it was only verbal, not written like the one from Meineke.  I explained that I had the two other estimates that were much lower.  The immediate response I received from AAA, "well they must not be using original parts, so if you want to take your chances on that, go ahead."  Even if that is how they feel, perhaps educating me on the differences and/or options may have been a good start.  Given their response, I am definitely going to "take my chances" with one of the more affordable options that treated me with respect.
4	AAA management was prompt in addressing my concerns posted.  Josh and Damon did a great job of following up with me and apologizing.  That is the kind of service I am used to with AAA.
5	Took my car in for brake inspection.  Provided information on what service was needed and weren't pushy about it.  When set up my appointment over the phone the attendant reminded me that there were coupons available at the website.When I went back to pick up my car after service they were quick and efficient.I will go back for future service and would definitely recommend.
5	What a great find!  I phoned with a laundry list of potential problems with my Subaru, which can always mark oneself as an easy target for unneeded repairs.  Don was very patient with me and scheduled an appointment to have my car dropped off the next morning.  They have a shuttle service that brought me home and followed up right away with the good news my clutch only needed an adjustment, not costly replacement (though that will have to happen next time), the electrical problems boiled down to a spent battery and nothing more, and had the oil changed without the pitch to do every other service or upgrade those oil change places always bombard you with.  Before I knew it the shuttle was picking me up and was back in my car in just a few hours.  I would recommend their services to anyone!
5	This office was great.  I went in with a coupon for an oil change and had them check out some problems Discount Tire suggested I have investigated.  They made the repairs and it was far below what we had expected to pay.  The staff is friendly and the office is clean.  FYI you need to make an appointment and it does take some time for them to work on your car but they have a shuttle that will drop you off and pick you up. But this inconvenience is worth it knowing that quality work is being done.
4	Those at AAA-Chandler Auto Repair were courteous and honest.  I appreciated the consideration of my time and their quick communication.  They recommended that the repairs were costly for the model and year of the car and I appreciate this information.  they did not up sell me for unnecessary repairs or services.  Thank you!
5	This was the first work I needed on my car since I bought it two years ago, and I wasn't sure who to trust. Then I remembered that AAA had service centers all over the valley. I have been a member for 8 years so I decided to give my local center a try.Am I glad I did! They diagnosed the problem and fixed it in one day, and for less than I would have expected to pay. In addition they gave my car a thorough inspection and pointed out some minor maintenance items which I had them take care of as well.Fast, friendly service, clean office, great repair work and a 24 month warranty on the work they did!I am already planning to call them back to set up another maintenance item and will recommend them to all of my family and friends.Thanks you guys, you rock!
5	I just joined AAA a couple of months ago and noticed that they also owned and operated auto repair locations.  That caught my eye because an auto repair facility that is owned by a trusted company such as AAA is a place that I can bring my car for repairs and maintenance and know that I can trust them.I called a couple days ahead of time to schedule an appointment to get my front brakes and rotors replaced and to get my oil changed.  I was pleased that they opened at 7 a.m.  The location was very clean and had a professional appearance.  The service manager was very friendly. The repair shop had a very clean waiting room, but it was also across the street from a Starbucks.  So I decided to go there.  I was expecting the repairs to not be done until noon, but to my surprise I got a call at 9:45 am to let me know that it was completed.  The price was exactly what they gave me from the estimate.  It was about $100 cheaper than the dealership that I used to go to.  There was even 10% discount on labor for AAA members that I was surprised to get.  The important thing was that they didn't try to sell me any services that I didn't need like the dealerships magically come up with every time I went there.This is the place that I am going to take my car for repairs and maintenance from now on.
5	I've been a member of AAA for over 10 years, and the service has always been great in times of need.  However, a recent experience went above and beyond my expectations!While driving home during evening rush hour, my car stalled in the center lane of the southbound 101 where the 202 meets... the temperature was well over 100 degrees, and I had no choice but to stay in the car while calling AAA for assistance.Then, out of nowhere while still on the call, a AAA tow truck pulled up in front of my car, and the driver sprung into action safely towing my car to the side of the road... thanks, Paul, for being a guardian angel!!He determined that it was not the battery, but most likely the alternator and proceeded to tow my car to his destination which just happened to be the AAA Auto Repair shop on Chandler/Kyrene (just 2 miles from my home), just 10 minutes before closing time!There, Rob took over to assist with the repair details, and my car was ready in just a few days at a reasonable rate for parts and labor.Thanks again for a safe and efficient experience!!
5	It was time to take my 2003 Camry to get some services done for the 150,000 mile marker (transmission flush, radiator flush, spark plugs, oil change, and serpentine belt).  I had first taken my Camry to the Chandler Blvd location in May and had such a great experience that I decided to return to the location to get these major maintenance repairs done.  I called ahead of time to make a reservation and was pleasantly surprised to find out that they were also opened on Saturdays.I dropped the Camry off when they opened at 8 a.m.  I was expecting to wait the entire day to get the repairs done, but they were done by 2 p.m.  Both Damon and the other service manager on duty were very professional and friendly.  Just like my first visit, the price was exactly what they estimated and they give a discount on labor for being a AAA member.The Camry hasn't driven this smoothly in a long time.  It is very comforting to have found an auto repair facility that I can completely trust with something as important as my car.  I don't have to worry about getting ripped off because these guys exude the high reputation that is related to AAA.  I'll never take any of my cars to the dealership ever again.
4	Sweet and simple, made appt for an oil change, they serviced my car in right on time, and got me out fast.  Wish they cleaned the windows, but still very happy
