5	He has an amazing bedside manner and is pretty fast.  He has this vibrating needle because it is hard for the mind to process vibration and pain at the same time.  He does reminded me a bit of John Lithgow, and after last season of Dexter it was slightly strange.  However you could not ask for a nicer staff.
5	I have been going to Dr. Licata for years.Dr; Licata has what you call the complete package for an office. Usually you have a good doctor and rude office staff or an overcrowded lobby or some other sign of a greedy poor run practice....not here.You walk into Dr. Licata's office and you are greeted warmly, offered a bottle of water, and sat in a nice office waiting for the friendly staff.All of his hygenesists are very nice, very thorough, and awesome at what they do. Sonic teeth cleaning get your mouth to a whole new level of clean. Dr. Licata himself is so laid back, such a rare find in healthcare (trust me I know with my 10 years of healthcare experience) What I also like is he doesn't do root canals trying to cash in on the extra $ you can make, he uses an Endodontist that also rocks (but that review is for another day) Dr. Licata will take care of the crown with ease and your follow up care.Great Dr...awesome practice.
1	Probably the most terrible customer support I have ever encountered. after being berated by the office manager over the substance of my call I was then told in other words to go to hell. I will NEVER receive services here.
5	This was my wife's Dentist office and 8 years ago she convinced me to switch from my old dentist to this one.  I have never regretted it.Dr Licata is fantastic.  He is probably in his 60's now, but he hasn't lost a step.  All his procedures are handled quickly and proficiently.  His bed side manner is always calming and he does exactly what he says.The staff is always friendly and treats you like family.  If you need a dentist, I highly recommend this practice.I was looking at the one negative review and I am having trouble making any sense of it, so disregard it.
5	I have been seeing Dr. Licata since I was 11 ( I am 20 something now). He is by far the best dentist I have ever experienced with one of the most upbeat staff. The Office Manager, Karen has been there since  my first visit and is on point with scheduling and dealing with insurance. She is always very patient and informative, truly the backbone of the entire operation. The staff whose names all see to start with an A ( lol ) are always, always super sweet, helpful and do an impeccable job. And Dr. Licata, his demeanor is comforting and he is all about comfort and efficiency. I had a painful tooth abscess and no insurance about a year ago. He fit me right in and took such great care of me and referred me to a dental discount program that I had no idea about. These guys are moving to a new location extremely across town from me, but will always be worth the trip.
