4	Muscle Maker Grill....Their motto "Great Food with Your Health in Mind".  So, let's see what's really going on.  I had a co-worker rave about this place years ago and at the time; they were just based on the East Coast.  Well, now they're here and I was curious if my bud knew what he was talking about. Their menu consists of wraps, soups, salads, burgers, sandwiches, pastas, protein shakes, and smoothies.  Also on their menu are the total calories for each dish.  I had two meals.Meal #1:  Premium Burger, Baked Potato, and an extra Chicken Breast.  There was nothing really special about the baked potato.  It was on the small side.  I thought that the burger was as juicy and as tasty as it gets for a 90% lean burger.  The highlight was the chicken breast. I eat a lot of chicken throughout the week.  In my opinion, Muscle Maker's was one of the best clean chicken breast that I've had in a while.  The meat was thick, plump, and grilled just right. Meal #2:  Rocky Balboa Wrap.  I only got this because one of the regulars and the employees suggested it.  I'm glad they did.  This wrap had chicken breast, turkey meatballs, cheese, and marinara.  This isn't the cleanest meal on their menu, but perfect if you're trying to up your calories and at the same time get your protein in.  Taste wise, this was pretty good.  The restaurant is clean and they should be since they're new.  The staff is great and there are a lot of them.  This Muscle Maker is located near the 24 Hour Fitness, which drove a lot of post-work out diners here. So, it can get busy. Overall, I'm a fan will come back.  I have an office just 5 minutes from here and when it's time to pound some protein, it's nice to know that there's a place minutes from me. TIP:-They deliver ($2.50 charge)-Recommended by HealthyDiningFinder.com-Prices are average
1	Horrible! I ordered a simple pasta salad with a side of sweet potato fries. Pasta was hard with ONE coin slice of bagged frozen carrot and ONE small piece of bagged frozen broccoli. Sweet potatoes were soggy and covered in grease. Gross. It was so bad that when they took my plate and offered me a free meal coupon, I declined a free meal.
1	Kind of disappointed. The concept is great to make healthy meals intended for a person going to the gym. I felt like it was overly staffed with girls who just stood around and talked to each other. I ordered a lean ground turkey burrito. It was cold. Felt like the meat was something I could have got frozen at Costco. Taste was bland. I was excited to go my first time. Just wasn't overly fond of the lack in taste of food and girls who were there pointlessly. They were prolly intended to be eye candy but didn't work out at all. Doesn't help the cooks were out of shape either.I don't real judge too much. It's rare I feel this strong. But feel like it's a great concept but have some improvements it could use.
1	I ordered the Godfather , the chicken tasted precooked and reheated . Super dry , I think if I would of chewed on the table it would be less tougher. The broccoli had that frozen taste yuck!! My husband had the Rocky Balboa . It was bland and looked like it came out of a can of Alpo ... Waste of money ...
5	All food places nowadays are greasy, fatty & honestly don't give a damn about their customers. I get in line and feel rushed to get out. I decided to try this new place in centennial center: Muscle Maker Grill. I walked in and within 3 seconds got greeted by 2 bubbly hosts. They offered all of their favorites and I chose the teriyaki grilled chicken stir fry. The chicken was so tender and juicy. I don't really like mushrooms but the mushrooms in the stir fry were perfect. Loved the food and the portions are big. I couldn't finish my plate. It was delicious and the service was great. Definitely eating here again!
5	Being a Health Coach I LOVE this place! It is perfectly placed about 3 buildings down from my office and I haven't "met" a smoothie I didn't like. Alyssa is one of the nicest employees, she's always all smiles!
5	The food is great and the staff is extremely friendly! Clarissa makes sure that the food is always perfect and that all expectations are met! I will definitely continue to eat here several times a week!
5	This place is freakin awesome. Everything is cooked fresh to order and the food is delicious. Everyone info is super healthy and all of the nutrition info is right on the menu. All of the staff or super friendly and I even brought my kids loved it as well. We come here multiple times a week now. I'm so glad they opened finally!
4	Had the Godfather; it was delicious!  Definitely will return and try something else!
5	The food is great and the staff is extremely friendly! Clarissa makes sure that the food is always perfect and that all expectations are met! I will definitely continue to eat here several times a week!My favorite wraps are the Rocky Balboa Wrap or the BBQ Wrap with Steak. I always ask for a side of Sweet Potato Fries. I've never been disappointed! Another favorite is the XXL Turkey Burger Wrap!
2	Soooo... I've been waiting for this place to open since I go to 24hour Fitness right next door to it. The cashier was friendly and gave me some suggestions on the menu since it was my first time. Not to discriminate on age because I've seen 10 year olds throw down on the kitchen network, but I should've seen the young lady who is supposed to be a cook behind the grill as a bad sign. She looked like she was 12... Do you really know how to cook?I ended up getting the Tex Mex wrap with a side Caesar. I understand that the ingredients were supposed to be healthy, but the fat free sour cream and reduced fat cheese they put in the wrap was not very good. At least put the sour cream on the side so it's not all melted and gross in my wrap. The fat free Caesar dressing on my salad was thick and shiny: not yummy. I've never not finished a Caesar salad and I left this one alone. I've bought really good lowfat and fat free Caesar dressings at whole foods before- this one was a bad choice by the owner or chef.Suggestions to the owner: get a real chef or experienced cook.I doubt I'll give this place another chance.
1	I've been looking forward to this "healthy" option in dining since I saw the signs go up. Perfectly placed in the same shopping center as 24 Hour Fitness. We walked in and were given menus and directed toward several options. I chose the fresh fish option and paid $12 for my selection. We were offered free T shirts which we declined and we took a seat. During the unusually long wait (as the restaurant was full of young staff but no customers) we started to notice lots of red flags. Young staff, young cooks, loud music. Music,which was turned up when one of the extra staff announced "turn up, it's my jam" . The most outrageous moment was when one of the employees walked in with a giant bag of Popeyes Chicken. The chicken and biscuits were passed amongst all the employees who continued to eat behind the counter where my food was being prepared. When the girl cook was cutting open my frozen fish packet I decided to leave without my food or a refund. I had seen enough. Clearly the idea of healthy dinning is something they are not committed  to and I think they should have opened a fried chicken franchise. I wouldn't go back.
2	The last time we were in, their friendliest server had been moved to the back, and the girl who took our order disappeared. We noticed that a salad had been made and was sitting waiting to be given out, but the order was to go, and it was made for dine in, the smoothie that I ordered had not been started. Nobody knew who the salad belonged to but we knew it was ours. One of the cooks called for our MIA server and when she didn't answer they went to find her in the back. She came out with ear buds plugged in to her head, I watched as she proceeded to finally make my smoothie. I was disappointed when the fruit was concentrated from a bottle.I felt it necessary to point this out due to the dramatic drop in customer service, If I came out of my office wearing ear buds and forgot about my clients I would surely be on a list for unemployment. Otherwise the food is still very good, especially the Turkey meatballs. There's still some obvious training to do, and we actually haven't been over there since.
5	Very friendly , good music playing ! Great great customer service a plus ! Asking all my friends to try it out once and tell me what you think
4	So today my sister and I got done working out at 24 hour fitness and she talked me into trying muscle maker grille. First when we walked in we were greeted kindly and they were very helpfulSecond the place was very clean. We chose our meals and they even gave us a free meal if we liked their FB page We ate and it was perfect portions and good food. They checked on us to make sure we didn't want anything else. My sister wanted a tshirt and inquired how much they were and they gave us 2 shirts for free!I have to say that it was a very pleasant experience and will go back again.
5	Great food 98 percent of the time although I'd stay away from the weekly special menu. If I had to take a guess the staff just doesn't make them enough to get good at it, and before you know it they're moving on to the next weekly specials. All in all I'd definitely recommend this place.
5	Love, Love, Love this place. Great food and service.
4	Several times I've placed orders over the phone for pickup only to get there to find my order was never made and had to wait an additional 15 minutes. On the plus side, the food is great and the employees are friendly. I would have given five stars if it weren't for the frequent problems I've had when ordering over the phone.
4	I was running errands in the area with a friend from the gym so, we decided to have lunch here. Located next to Cafe Rio...in the same area as Fresh and Easy, Novecento AT&T and 24 Hour Fitness. This is a place that has its beginnings in the East Coast. They offer meals suited for body builders, calorie counters and weight watchers. They have smoothies, wraps, salads, pasta, burgers, sandwiches, protein shakes, sugar-free cheesecake and protein cookies. Calorie information on all items and macronutrient information on some items are posted on their menu.Rocky Balboa Wrap:Turkey meatballs, chicken breast, marinara, reduced-fat mozzarella in an herb wrap. Yup, lots of lean protein. Very tasty! 5/5Turkey Meatball Parmesan Wrap:Turkey meatballs, Parmesan, marinara and reduced-fat mozzarella in an herb wrap. It's like Rocky Balboa minus the chicken but with 15 more calories. 4/5Caesar Salad:This was ok. Nobody gets excited over a Caesar Salad anyway. Dressing, croutons, chopped lettuce with Parmesan cheese on top. 3/5Cucumber Salad:Think sunomono but with onions. In other words, cucumbers with pepper and vinegar. It's the easiest salad to make but refreshing and tasty. 3/5Turkey Chili:With my recently developed tomato allergy, I had to specify I can't have salsa or tomatoes on my chili. I'm also not a fan of sour cream so, I asked for them to not put it on my chili. They seem to be pros at customizing their dishes. They made my chili according to my specifications without hesitation. Ground turkey, red beans, low-fat cheddar on brown rice. This is so yummy and better since you get lean protein from turkey and complete proteins from brown rice & beans. 4/5BBQ Steak Wrap:You can also get this with chicken instead of steak. Fat-free hickory BBQ sauce, reduced-fat cheddar cheese in a white wrap. The BBQ sauce was good. Tangy, sweet and smokey. The steak was tender. 4/5Strawberry Protein Shake:At 280 calories and about 42g of protein...this has got to be one of the most nutrient-dense protein shakes I've ever had! It tastes like candy too. 4.5/5Chocolate Peanut Butter Protein Shake:I get a similar protein smoothie from a smoothie chain in town but that one has 500+ calories and only 20-30g of protein. Whereas this protein shake has about 390 calories at about 42g of protein. Yum! 5/5The wraps come with either free sides (baked potato, broccoli, Caesar salad, cucumber salad, brown rice, western potatoes, veggies or pasta salad) or upgrade your side to Cajun pasta, turkey meatballs, turkey bacon, rice and beans or spinach. You have a low-carb wrap option for a few cents extra.I love their to-go containers too. Their reusable and microwave-safe which I'll be using for meal prep! Great stuff. Their menu is dietician approved - nutritious and delicious!
