5	Chef Shawny D knocks it out of the park! The mole enchiladas were a sensation. The Asian pear drink is also a must try! The whole meal was a fantastic blend of asian and mexican cuisines.
4	We were in Montreal on a Saturday night looking for somewhere to go for dinner with a few friends in the Plateau/Mile End area. We were reservationless, hoping for some good food without a wait outside on a cold January night. Everyone knows there are a ton of great restaurants in Montreal - especially that area, but if you haven't planned ahead it can be very hard to avoid waiting a long time for a table and spending an arm and a leg when you get there. Luckily, just as we were about to give up hope I stumbled across Cartel Street Food Bar on Yelp. We called, they had a table for us, and we were off to a great find. This place has unique dishes at a reasonable price. I'm convinced we won't be able to get in here without a reservation once it's discovered. The ambiance is nice, the service is helpful and friendly and the food is good.The menu is, as the name leads you to believe, inspired by street food, specifically from Southeast Asia and Mexico, as well as some fusion between them. There were five of us out to dinner, all interested in trying lots of things. The waitress suggested that three sharing plates plus some appetizers would be an appropriate amount of food and she was right. From the sharing plates we ordered the top three (duck, chicken and pork) and to start we ordered guacamole, crispy wontons, duck wraps and oysters. Everything was fresh tasting, full of flavour and tasty. I would have liked for the food to be spicier, but I know that a lot of people are looking for less spicy food. It has enough flavour that the low spice wasnt' a deal breaker for me. For that food, plus drinks and tax (but before tip) we ended up paying a bit more than $150, so the prices are very reasonable. We're looking forward to making this a more common stop when we're in Montreal.
4	I really liked the taco with plantain and avocado - it was so tasty - delicate flavours - everything you can ask for and two nice little tacos for 6 bux - I am a fan :). We went on a weekday night (Thursday maybe) and thought the ambiance was good and found that Cartel was a great venue for catching up and chatting. They offer nice specials that will remind you of your favourite street vendors - what's not to love?
4	Met up with a girlfriend for some tiny bites to share.  I learned Wednesday is oyster night, so you can get 6 for $6 or 12 for $ 12 and they have a $5 champagne special. Everyone in the half full restaurant was eating oysters and drinking champ!  I wanted to go to the there, but my dining amiga wasn't into oysters and i didn't want 6 all to myself.  My fiance and I will come back here next wednesday to try this special.What we did order was guacamole (10/10) shrimp and mango wontons (6/10) chicken skewers with a teriyaki sauce (7.5/10) and Baja fried fish tacos (8/10)The fried foods weren't too greasy which was nice and the teriyaki sauce on the chicken was delicious.   The guacamole was the standout for me.  Chunky, creamy, with tomatoes and....feta?  There was some salty creaminess on top that really brought it home for me.  Served with super crunchy fried chips.  The onnnly think I noticed, was that even though all the servers were incredibly friendly they were not very attentive.  It took at least 10 minutes after I sat down before someone asked me if i wanted anything to drink even though the place was nowhere near capacity.  The entire course of the dinner from ordering a drink to getting the check I had a hard time getting anyone's attention.  I will go again for the oysters and see if the service improves the next time.
4	We were looking for a relatively quiet spot to sit outside and have an early dinner. After spotting Cartel and wandering the surrounding blocks, we returned to this place because it seemed to have the right vibe - relaxed with a decent menu. Our server had great energy and I'd give her five stars. Their cocktails looked good, but I was giving my allergies the night off alcohol, and my partner took advantage of their 2-for-1 beers for happy hour.The food was terrific. Our favorite was a little duck dumpling "slider" that was a special that night. Our server said they often make them with pork and it's even better. We also loved the fish tacos. Even the mole, which they admitted is pretty tame, had good flavor.If you're looking for an out-of-the-way spot in Mile End that has a nice environment, outdoor patio, and tasty food and drinks, give Cartel a try.
2	Not overly impressed with this place...went with a group of friends and we experienced pretty spotty service with some major mix-ups: a friend who ordered pork quesadillas (if I remember correctly) got halfway through her dish, saying it was pretty bland, before the waitress came back to explain that they'd forgotten to put the meat in her meal...then somehow the meat showed up in the poutine of a friend who'd ordered a meatless one. Said poutine was made with grated mozzarella instead of cheese curds (no excuse for that in Montreal, come on). The waitress wasn't really apologetic which we found a bit offensive considering the scale of the screw up. We ordered the churros for dessert and the waitress told us there would be a "5 minute wait" (we thought it a bit strange that she would mention that since 5 minutes is a perfectly normal length of time to wait for a course to be served, if not short!) - they arrived 30 mins later. Overall the food wasn't bad but not really anything to write home about, and the weird service and mix ups made for a mediocre experience overall.
4	I've often walked by Cartel and been enticed by their chalkboard advertizing all kinds of delicious sounding specials.  So on a rainy Friday, with our hearts set on tacos, we ventured out to Cartel for lunch.  And I will definitely be back, hopefully with nicer weather so we can enjoy the terrace!I was a little worried about portion sizes, never sure if a small plate is really going to be a small plate, or a tiny plate, or a giant plate.  But these portions were quite reasonable, and we definitely ordered a bit too much food, at least for a lunch.  We started with the guacamole, and I know, you're thinking: guacamole, really?  Was it ever good!  Especially the homemade tortilla chips it was served with.  I could go and order a fancy drink, and guacamole, and be a happy camper.  Then we had the mango, papaya and peanut salad: nice and simple, but well spiced, with a bit of a kick.  The perfect refreshing salad for a hot day.  For mains I had the fish tacos, and my dining companion had the lobster roll.  The fish tacos were really stuffed!  Just the tacos would have been enough for lunch for me.  Tasty too! Apparently the lobster rolls are decent, but unfortunately after having lobster rolls in the maritimes, from a lobster caught that very day, well, it's hard to compare. I had the rootbeer mexicana, and yum yum!  If I'm going to order a drink when I go out, I make sure and order something involved, that has way more liquors in it than I would make at home.  And this really hit the spot.  The restaurant itself is really beautiful, and very much my style.  I'm not picky about the appearance of a restaurant, if it's tasty, I don't really care what the place looks like, but I still like to look at beautiful spaces, it's a bonus!  This place is definitely beautiful, with the painted ceiling and mirrors.  It would be a fantastic place to host a 5a7 with people you want to impress, or say, take your mom out for a really nice lunch, that is, if your mom is adventurous!  Mine is!I hear that Tuesdays are $2 taco night, so I will definitely be coming back.  On a recent Tuesday I walked by, and sure enough the place was hopping, full of people munching happily on tacos.  Reminds me a lot of San Diego, it seems there is always somewhere having a happy hour with cheap tacos and drink specials.
4	We've been regulars at Cartel over the last few moths. I learned about the restaurant on Yelp and decided to go check it out. On our first visit we enjoyed ourselves and learned about $1 Wednesdays and have been hocked ever since. On Wednesday Cartel serves up Oysters at a  buck a pop with the purchase of a drink. Can't beat that. Cartel is a great place, with fun vibe, great decor, attentive staff and a great drink menu of tasty concoctions. Typically we start with a drink and a few dozen oysters and then grab a few other things off the menu. Some of our favorites include; Baja Fish Tacos,  Shrimp Pintxos (a generous serving, great for sharing), the Lobster Roll, Camarones Del Diablo (they are very hot), Cantonese-style asparagus and wild mushrooms. The Chocolate & Churros is a must have dessert (again a large portion great for sharing).
4	Cartel restaurant has a wide variety of very addictive street food inspired from many cuisines including Latin America, Vietnamese, Thai... now they they are bringing it to the streets of Montreal! Must try - for something different.
4	We had the duck tacos, the plantain tacos, the papaya mango salad, and the Chinese greens.  Everything was amazing---we couldn't decide which of the tacos we preferred, and the greens and salad were perfectly dressed/seasoned.The star comes off for the service; as another reviewer mentioned, they were really inattentive. It seemed like they were understaffed (two people for the whole place--poor things!).  I look forward to coming back, though.
4	Food is amazing. Especially the duck poutine and the baja tacos. 2nd time here. Will for sure come back.
3	A great find in a neat neighborhood. Moderately priced, good portions, and tasty.  I had the shrimp tacos and the Lobster roll. Both very good. A good blend of simple, fresh food.  However, be sure to understand pricing because you pay more for simple extras. My bill was unusually higher than I expected because there were extras added. My $8 taco ended up being a $15 dollar taco. So ask beforehand to avoid a surprise bill.
4	Cartel is one of the many quaint eateries in Mile-end. I recommend dining here on a Tuesday where you can't go wrong with their 2$ Taco special. Duck, Pork, Fish, Chicken , Beef (yes we ate a lot) were all very fresh and tasty. Oh and can't forget about those 5$ margaritas! Only drawback was that I walked out of there smelling deep fried. Bad ventilation I guess.
4	food is definitely good albeit a bit on the small side but then, it was taco tuesday.nitpicking time: i like a balanced ratio between filling and sauce. more filling to sauce ratio or 50-50 but not more sauce than filling. the tacos were a bit too saucy for me. eating them was a mess, a good one but still a mess.as for the drink, too much ice for alcohol content for my liking. hey, i like my booze ;)other than that, i love me some fried plantains and was satisfied greatly!will definitely go back to abuse the hell out of their oysters..
4	I came here for taco Tuesdays with my friends. I absolutely loved the fish tacos! The environment is cozy, but I always go with friends, so it's nice. Service is fine, there was a lineup when I left, so it's a good thing my friends went early.
3	The food was delicious! The drink menu is appealing and does not disappoint.  I can't say much about the service because there was none.  Once the food came we had to resquest napkins and cutlery.  The waitress somehow kept confusing our table with the one right besides us.  (Waitress may have been new).  Overall we left with mixed feelings.  BUT the food is worth it!
5	Two dollar tacos on Tuesday evening. Good drinks at a fair price.
2	Cartel is good. It could be better though. Try it out for yourself and see but if you want a sure thing ... go to Ta Chido which is also in the Mile-End or Grumman '78 in Saint-Henri or Restaurant Amaranto in NDG. There is amicable, informative and speedy service here! So that's good!The libations were very good. I had a Cuba Libre that was good but quite plain. Rebecca had a Jack Daniels lemonade that was quite delicious. I then tried the Thai basil Mohito and found my drink of the day! It was absolutely beautiful. Splendiferous. Rebecca's second was a conventional mint Mohito which was excellent as well! There were also complimentary maple whisky shots; a pleasant surprise. Okay, I am vegetarian and I went here with my omnivorous partner for an early dinner on Taco Tuesday. She quite enjoyed the lobster roll as well as the oysters. I am fully aware and sympathetically understanding of the fact that vegetarian fare may not be the prime and foremost concern to the average restaurateur; this is totally cool and I've got no beef with anybody on this point. Here's the however part. However, mostly every restaurant I go to has at least one or two good token vegetarian options. Cartel ... not so much. The guacamole was average if not bland and there wasn't too much of it either. The tortilla chips, however, were in abundance and were standard / average Mexican resto chips. Not to be boastful but any guac will turn out average when compared to my own home-made guac goodness and also nothing beats some nice organic blue corn tortilla chips. The avocado and plantain tacos were something cool to think about but were quite lacking on the taste front. They work in theory but not in practice. We need a little more ingenuity here. Seriously, anything can be a taco! The world is your taco! You can be as far-out and as creative as you want to be with different flavour combinations and ingredient selections and such and at the end of the day if you put it on a flat corn tortilla and call it a taco ... it's definitely a taco. I've had some damn good vegetarian tacos. Namely at Ta Chido on Parc in the Mile-End, Grumman '78 on Courcelle in Saint-Henri and Restaurant Amaranto on Monkland in NDG. These are some awesome and out-of-this-world tacos. Cartel: I totally may just give you another chance because your drinks are really good and I like your atmosphere but you've totally got to step up your flavour game. You're not the only taco cartel in this city ... so stand out a bit ... or some up-and-coming hotshot might just edge you out. You know, Scarface or Pablo Escobar styles. Good luck and godspeed.
4	I first discovered Cartel because my cousins kept raving about this taco place they loved in the plateau. So on a random Thursday night, my sibblings and I were in the area and decided to give it a try. The ambience of the place is great! Dim light setting, with a chalkboard behind the bar listing the specials and communal seating virtually throughout the restaurant, it made for a nice change from the customary type of restaurants you see everywhere. It had a cool feel in general and to no ones' surprise, it was pretty busy, though we only had to wait 5 minutes to get a table for 3. Once seated, we decide to order some wine and try a few cocktails. The wine was great and for 40$ shared between 3 people, it was a bargain. Then, based on what we were told, we proceeded to order a guacamole for the table and tacos for ourselves. The guacamole is definitely something I recommend as a starter. It comes with an abundance of fried chips, which are forgetable, but the guacamole itself, which they add feta cheese on top aswell as fresh cilantro, is delectable. I ordered the beef tacos, which let me tell you were amazing, but what Cartel is apparently well known for, something which our nice waiter had told us, was their fish tacos. I got to try one, from my sister's plate and it was delicious! They serve it with a slice of avacado, cilantro, limes, sour cream, and pickled onions. It tasted sooo good! I probably first tried this place 5 weeks ago, and since then I've been back 5 times. I recommend that you go on "Taco Tuesdays", when tacos are 2$ each instead of 4-5$ each, but it can be hard to get a table and they don't take reservations on Tuesdays for that reason. Throughout my other 5 times I have only good things to say except for one time when the waitress forgot my drink and then proceeded to forget my food aswell, after serving the entire table, she only realized when she gave me my bill. But alas, one bad time out of 5 is why I gave them 4 stars.NOTE: their seasonal menu featuring street food from around the world is definitely worth trying! I've had their chinese fried salt and pepper chicken and it was delicious! So try it before they change the menu up again! Also my brother ordered the lobster roll there, and if you are like me and LOVE lobster anything, this was worth the money, it tasted so good.Lastly, the Churros with chocolate sauce is a MUST if you still have room for dessert. One portion is enough for 3 people easily.OH OH and do read the chalk board, especially if you've been a few times already, cause the daily specials are usually worth trying and something new is always good!
