1	DANGER DANGER--DO NOT GO HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!If it was possible to give NEGATIVE STARS, that is what this place deserves!!!!When i read the 1st review that was done on this place my heart dropped it my stomach!!! On Easter. after a month of hospitalization and treatment and about $3000.00 we had to have an emergency visit (costing an additional $100.00) to have our beloved boxer put to sleep... One day after him being released and brought home from treatment. With about $150.00 worth of meds... I 100% agree that this place, and the incompetence of the staff (vets) KILLED my beloved boy way before his time!I have (now had) two boxers, and had recently moved to Henderson from Las Vegas, where I have been going to Durango Animal Hospital (which i absolutely LOVE, and highly recommend-the staff there is amazing!!)  for the last 7 years! and had an emergency and found out that this place was a sister hospital to Durango, and so i decided to go there for Marley's emergency treatment, what a BAD IDEA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! After all their mistakes and mis diagnosis they still felt that it was ok tot charge me $100 for an after hours (at 3pm on Easter) emergency visit to kill my dog (who was suffering soo much at that point that there was no other choice!!!)Dr. Reese was the one that came in to do it and the only good thing i have to say is that they didnt charge me at that point (i was hysterical needless to say) and they told me to go home and they would call me about the ashes and payment... which they NEVER called and 2 months later i received a bill for $250.00 for the "service".I figured they knew they made a huge mistake and decided to "eat" the bill and not charge me anymore money on top of the $3000.00 that i already paid (for NOTHING) but noooooo, thats not the case! I called to dispute the bill and spoke to Dr. Reese and we went rounds for about 45 minutes and at the end it just wasnt worth reliving it or arguing with them anymore i just paid it to be done with them. Knowing i will neve ever go back with my remaining boxer! I stand a better chance figuring it out myself if need be and taking my chances than going there!!All i have to say is--DO NOT GO HERE!! DO NOT BRING YOUR PET HERE PERIOD...
5	Wow. I can understand the emotion involved when it comes to our pet "children" and looking for answers to why when it comes to loss. I think it's a bit ludicrous to blame Dr. Reese. I have been using Valley Ranch since September of 2005 when I received my first teacup chihuahua. Being that teacups require an ungodly amount of care and attention, I began interviewing vets and asking around. When you love your animals you want the very best. Upon the recommendation of one of my best friends who adores her Maltese, we went to Valley Ranch. My 7 ounce baby was cared for and examined all the while I was welcomed in there and kept apprised of each and every thing they were doing to her. We then met Dr. Reese and were able to ask questions. We had an incident where our two year old had dropped a piece of chicken on the ground and my tiny baby got ahold of it and began to choke. I hysterically called the office, about 8:30 pm. Their answering service immediately summoned the on call vet and walked me through how to dislodge this from her throat where it was stuck. Fast forward to 2008 and one more teacup chihuahua and a kitty cat welcomed to the family. Again, a late night two am call to the vet and Dr. Reese obviously being awoke from a solid sleep, calmly and lovingly talked me through yet another malady involving my baby. Brought her in the next morning and were again treated very well and given a course of treatment. All in all, I can't tell you how much money I have spent on three animals, being fixed, shots, blood work, grooming and care. You know what? I don't care. These are my babies and I took that on just like my children. I love my pets and I gladly pay the money to keep them healthy. I invite you after shopping around to see that Valley Ranch's' prices are quite low. Bottom line, fantastic CLEAN facilities, great care, empathetic and compassionate, true animal lovers. I am pleased to bring Ava and Marilyn and Minnie there and I always recommend to friends and family.
5	My sister in law is a vet and my husband and I always grew up with tons of dogs around. We are kind of a freak about our dog and the type of care she receives and we've always been more than impressed with Valley Ranch Animal Hospital. Two of my coworkers are also dog freaks and have always taken their dogs here with great results. Four days after I got my new adorable puppy, she lept out of my arms and crashed onto the tile. I was convinced she was dead or dying and drove her to VRAH as fast as possible! In my pajamas with tears running down my face, the vets and staff there handled my situation with utter professionalism. They didn't try to upsell me or screw me over. I insisted on an X-Ray for $100 but honestly the vets told me it wasn't necessary, my dog was fine, and didn't try to upsell me at all! That being said, I still got the X-Ray for piece of mind :)We've gotten all of Pearl's shots here and her spay. Everything has been EXTREMELY will priced (we're pretty familiar with vet prices having a vet in the family), and the vets are so damn great. Her spay surgery went flawlessly. Another thing I adore about this vets office is the kind front desk staff, the short wait times, and their hours!! They are open on Sundays and during the week they are open till 7 PM! So convenient for all of us working pet parents out there. Honest vets are hard to come by - I'm so pleased to have found an honest, well priced vet practice in our city.
5	We got our puppy in early August and have been taking him here since we got him after hearing good things from my coworkers. The main vet is Dr. Reese, but there are also 3 other vets that work there. So far we have seen Dr. Reese and Dr. Park, both of which were awesome with our little guy. From puppy shots, to random sickness, to getting him neutered they have been fantastic about everything. The shots and procedures are reasonably priced, and they don't push you to spend more on extra things. Dr. Parks even talked us out of giving Yogi an unnecessary vaccine and explained her opinion on it and why she felt it wasn't needed. That doesn't happen often, but they really do have your pets well being in mind. The front office staff are all amazing and the vet tecs are also very caring and sincere. Most of the employees bring their own pets into the office daily and you can tell that the people there all genuinely love animals and try their best to help you take care of your pet. I was extremely nervous when we took Yogi in to get neutered, first big surgery and all. And Dr. Parks was awesome, talked us through the whole procedure, took him into the back and then had us leave for the day. I got a call after his blood tests were done, telling me everything looked great and that they would continue with the surgery and I also got a call from Dr. Parks right after his surgery telling me how it went and when to come pick him up. Not that there was anything to really worry about during such a common procedure, I greatly appreciated the time they took to make sure I felt comfortable and Yogi was well taken care of. I would recommend Valley Ranch to anyone who is also crazy about their pets.
1	I've been to Valley Ranch Animal Hospital 3 times-first 2 were appointments for pets and the last was to pick up a copy of lab results for our cat.  All 3 times though, I dealt with the same front-desk gal upon arriving and all 3 times was treated with an attitude that seems like she doesn't need her job-she's merely tolerating the inconvenience of having to deal with clients.  It's too bad, there's such an unhappy person as the vet's front-desk liason / first line of defense.  VRAH is close to home, but I can be treated badly elsewhere for less money.  This is supposed to be a welcoming place for pets and this front desk gal can't even get it right for treating humans decently.   .
4	**Updated**Everyone here is friendly and competent. They have taken excellent care of my 'frequent flyer' Thankyou!I have been going to valley ranch since 2009. I get my dog's shots and board her here. This is the first time since her back surgery (which happened while I was boarding her in 2010) I boarded her there. Granted it was 2 weeks she was there, she didnt eat for 48 hours being back home. She also had dried poop stuck on her genitals with swelling. Along with the nasty nether region she grew a sore under her eye. Another vet told me it was from long exposure to feces... You do the math
5	I'm shocked to see the other reviews on here.  We have been taking our dog to Dr. Massey since moving to Vegas, and she is AMAZING!  She is smart and compassionate and takes great care of our dog, who is like a son to us.  We have not needed any major surgeries or anything, but just take him in regularly for his shots & microchipping. The prices are very affordable, too - If you want affordable yet compassionate vet care for your pet, ask for Dr. Leigh Ann Massey!
4	We take our three pets here and have for years. We really like Dr Reese. There front desk staff has never been great. They seemed overwhelmed and not overly friendly. It takes forever for someone to answer the phones and when they do, they put you on hold. I'm considering looking for another vet because of the front desk and phone situation.
1	Ok, at this point I've had it.  I've been going here for vet care and boarding since they opened.  I have a special needs dog (aggressive when scared) so I've been reluctant to change anything about her routine since she seemed comfortable with them.  However, I've been questioning everything about them for a while now and this last visit over Christmas sealed the deal.My first VERY unhappy incident was when I noticed that my dog suddenly had a swelling across her back.  I wasn't sure if it was fatty tissue or something more serious.  I took her in for an exam only to have the doctor stand across the room and tell me I needed a biopsy done.  Ok fine, but what kind of "exam" includes you never laying a hand on my dog?  At least fake it.  She told me that they would need to have it sent to LA for testing and it would be at least 48 hours before I had an answer.  The next morning at 10am I received a voice mail that said the test was "inconclusive".  Really?  We were in just a few short hours ago - at a charge of $250 - and suddenly 48 hours is out the window and all you can offer is "inconclusive"?  It shouldn't offend you that I think you/your staff was lying through your teeth.  I ended up taking her for a second opinion and paid 1/3 the price for 3x the service somewhere else.My most recent concerns:  Took her in the weekend after Thanksgiving for boarding.  I received a phone call about a possible ear infection.  When I tried to call back I was put on hold forever - no big shocker there - I have NEVER called here and not been put on hold for several minutes.  Problem is I was in a location with poor cell service - so, no, I didn't have time to wait - not that it mattered to you.  I called multiple times and either couldn't get anyone to answer or couldn't get anyone on the phone who could help me.  So her ear went untreated.I brought her in again at Christmas for boarding and asked that you check the ear again and treat as necessary.  For that you charged me $40+ and called it a "consultation".  I don't even remember the rest of the fees charged but as usual I was charge top dollar rates for bargain basement service.  I should also mention that she threw up 3 days in a row after picking her up this time - and this is a dog that doesn't get sick easily.As others have said the reception staff is terrible - they never look at you when you walk in the door - they stare straight ahead at their monitors clicking away on their mouse while mumbling to you.  Eye contact goes a long way in the service industry folks.  I don't really have an opinion on the doctors - they seem nice enough but who knows if I ever get the services for which I am billed.  I'm really starting to wonder if she's UTD on her vaccines as its the only thing I've trusted you to do for the last year.You people need to invest in a copy of Raving Fans and make it required reading for all staff members.  The quality of service comes from the expectations set by those at the top.  Not impressed.
5	This vet was very helpful and polite. My husband and I were on a road trip from CA to our home state, CO, We were travelling with our two dogs. During a gas stop I went to let the dogs out to go to the bathroom. After we had walked over to a grassy spot for them to go potty, my oldest, SKippy (age 12) started to seize. Of course, at the time I didn't know what was going on and he eventually lost bladdder control and his tongue started turning purple so I immediately got ahold of the closest vet and this was the one.  My husband called while on the road (I was histerical, holding ol' Skippers) By the time we got there he was taking shallow ,short breaths every 30 to 40 seconds (longest 40 seconds of my life, everytime he didn't take another breath) and his tongue had turned completely white, They were at the door when we flew through the stop sign to pull into parking lot.  They were very fast, already had him with oxygen and IV by the time I sat down to wait. The vet was able to tell us that he had had a seizure.  They stayed super late that night to help stabilize him. They kept him overnight and we got a hotel room, they said they would call if anything changed.  Came in at 8 the next morning and he was a whole new dog. Very sleepy but breathing normally and pink tongue.  They were amazing with me and my husband, these dogs are practically our kids and helped ease our nerves.  We made the rest of the trip to CO and we had Skippy in our lives for one more month. We were so grateful for the vet at this hospital, she gave me another wonderful month with my oldest and I was able to say my goodbyes when the time came.  I should mention Skippy had multiple health problems before the seizure.  But we are greatful for the staff at VRAH.
5	I started going here because the location is so convenient for me.  I've taken my dog here 3 times since we've moved here.  The first visit was for his vaccines.  They are so quick and very friendly with my dog.  Trust me, I've been to vets who weren't so gentle and loving as I'd like them to be.  I didn't have to make an appointment and I was still in and out very very quickly.  The second visit was for his nails to be trimmed.   Again, they were so gentle and caring. I didn't have an appointment and was surprised again by how fast I was in and out.  I've sat at veterinary hospitals for over an hour with even making appointments.   This makes me very happy that they respect my time.The third visit was for a consultation on my dogs health.  I saw Dr. Burks for this.  She was so knowledgeable and helpful.  We took xrays to find out he has arthritis.  She was very informative and I would definitely recommend seeing her. (Again, in and out very quickly) I trust this animal hospital with all of my dogs needs. The staff (vets and front desk) are friendly and courteous.  I am so glad they are within minutes of my home!
5	This place is great! Dr. Reese & the entire staff are fantastic. I would not take my dog Roscoe anywhere else.
4	I took my 2 year old beagle-doxie Stella here last weekend because her normal veterinary office was already closed. Dr Burke and Dr Davis were absolutely AWESOME and the office staff was friendly and hospitable. Dr Burke made a quick, accurate diagnosis and got my baby back to normal :)
1	Incompetent! Do NOT go there! We have taken our dog to this clinic because it was close to home. We have a dog that is not that healthy but recently took in for blood work, they broke his jaw (he does have brittle bones due to illness) but the same afternoon they wanted to put him down!  I took him to another vet who confirmed that his jaw had been broken. Realize that when I took him in for routine bloodwork he was eating and barking just fine, that afternoon, could not eat or bark after they had him.  I DO NOT recommend this place.  Our pets are like children and this is just unacceptable.  We are now going somewhere else. The other vet said that they must have forced his mouth open so hard that they broke his jaw.  The bill was very high, they continued to try to get us to put him down but we took him home and took him somewhere else. DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE!!
1	Sorry sorry...poop on the floor. I was placed in a dirty examine room. Not returning. And I don't care for the fact they take the dog in the back for shots.
5	Today was my first time bringing dog here because I couldn't get in soon enough at my regular vet. I had my boy neutered and I was so nervous for him, especially because he has never been there before. Dr. Reese performed his surgery and I think she did great. My dog wasn't scared when I picked him up and his suture was very small. My dog is fully back to normal just a little tired from the anesthesia of course but other than that I think she did a great job. I will definitely bring my dog back.
5	I just dropped by here one day because my boy (3yo American Eskimo) had a cough for a couple of weeks and thought I'd get him checked out.  Very friendly staff and I was seen fairly quickly without an appointment.  The Vet seemed very knowledgeable and professional and was not reluctant to have a detailed conversation about my boys condition and treatment options.  I would not hesitate for a moment to go back if any of my three dogs needed any type of care.Their prices were very reasonable, for both service and medications.
3	I do take my cat here, but I don't think they are as great as most of the reviewers do.  My cat has a chronic health condition that they have failed to remedy for a couple of years.  The boarding room for cats is horrible--smelly, dirty, stark, cold.   I don't like that all treatments, shots, exams are done "in the back", out of my sight.  The reception staff is usually unfriendly and a little intimidating.  Other than that, it's ok.
5	Great friendly staff and afforable prices. Also open on Sunday's is a plus!
5	Had a last minute emergency out of town and my dog was not up to date with his shot; called a few places and finally this awesome animal hospital was my life saver. My pup got his vaccinations and an over night stay for an affordable price. I was concerned because this was a new place for him but when I picked him up, he was absolutely happy and they took great care of him. We will definitely be back.
5	I have been here 5 or 6 times since my puppy was 8 weeks old. Have gotten all her shots done here and they are great and affordable. I know lots of places charge a visit fee for being seen for shots but valley ranch charges for the shots only. Which are not expensive. My little doxie had an allergic reaction one late night after her 12 week vaccinations  and the doctor met me there and treated her immediately and I did not pay an arm and leg for it & they let me know exactly how they would treat her and comforted me during a worrisome experience. Also I just had her spayed and microchipped there and so far so good! :) always come here for great service.
5	This is a great Vets office. We have been taking our cats here for as long as I can remember. My girlfriends Dad had taken his dogs here for a long time, and always talked about how great they were. We have gone in for teeth cleanings, shots and regular checkups mostly, but recently had a scary situation with one of our cats. The vets were all very helpful and took excellent care of her. Dr. Massey in particular, went out of her way to keep us informed through the whole process. I could sense the true care that both she and the other doctor have for animals. I also appreciated the fact that they did not push extra services or tests on us, but still made us aware of those options when applicable. I think they have pretty reasonable prices for what we have had them do, but vets are rarely cheap. They do same day appointments, and their entire staff is very friendly and professional. I would recommend their office to anyone who loves their pet.
