3	This BK is perhaps not in the best area of town.  It is not the easiest for access - I think I have only been into it when I happen to stop at the Bargain Hunters or waiting on a repair at Mr. Inspection or something similar.However, the actual location is not all that bad, it is just not made for easy access.  I think that may be the problem with many Burger King locations, as opposed to McDonald's nationwide, or even Bojangles in Charlotte (which you can find just a few hundred yards down the street).Should you happen into this one, the location itself is generally kept decently clean, and the staff is usually friendly enough.  The place is almost always empty, perhaps because of the other issues.
4	I stopped eating at burger king a long time ago, because it seems every time I would eat there for some reason I would get sick.  So I cut ties, well last Thursday I was craving a bbq burger and I didn't want to call one in and wait so I heard that burger king had a new carolina whopper.  So I figured what the heck try it, maybe things are different now even the fries must be better.  So I went and got me a juicy bbq carolina whopper and some nice thick cut fries.  It was soo amazing oh my gosh I wanted to do it all over again.  So since this is what I wanted, I did that Friday, Saturday and Sunday.  So yes I have a stomach full of beef, and I know that's not good, but the burger was so good and the fries oh wow I'm really impressed by this whole meal.  The only thing I didn't like, even though I got it every time was the sprite, it's something about the sprite that was extra, I can't put my finger on it though but over all it was a great whopper experience.
2	I am so done with Burger King. I brought the grandkids there for some nuggets while I had a BK double stacker. The hamburger was dry. I couldn't even get the kids a Burger king crown, as they only now give them away with the kids Meals. That means, even  though the kids do eat there, they can't have the crown unless an expensive kids meal is purchased. Very poor!
1	Tried this Burger King again. I sat in line at the drive thru for 45 minutes while the three employees just stood around. I left without getting anything. I watched 4 other customers just give up and leave before I did.
1	That ole time Burger King smell brought back memories of when I used to eat in the fast food chain.  It's been a very long time.  Thought I'd try the $1.29 special and perused the menu while there was 1 customer in front of me and 1 waiting inside the restaurant.  There were not many people inside eating as well.  I ordered a Whopper Jr without mayo and pickles to go.  On my way out, I prepared my sandwich to eat, took one bite and found 1 flat hamburger, onions (not strips) 3/4 wide and ketchup.  What, no tomato at least?  Believe me, it's not that hard, trust me, to take orders and make a simple ole whopper jr.   I practically threw away the sandwich...it was only $1.29.I might add, the entrance floor inside was grimey and noticed it upon leaving.Will not return.
2	I usually love bk, this one is sub-par. I'm pretty sure they don't change their oil enough. I also received a much smaller double cheeseburger than I expected. The thing was kids sized. Bad value overall. They also shorted us on the cold-fries.
