5	Tuning Gruppe is a great performance and maintenance shop. No job is too big or too small. I had a promblem with my timing belt and it was fixed asap for a competetive price. Eric was friendly and didnt try to up sell me or add stuff on that wasnt needed but did inform me of stuff to watch out for in the future. they specialize in european cars (vw, audi, bmw, benz, porsche, etc) but i even saw a few american and japanese cars getting work done while i was there. dont let the small shop fool you, these guys do amazing work!
5	Great  professional guys who know what they are doing! They really take the time to help you learn what they want to do and why they want to do it. Best Euro performance shop in Arizona for sure. Tuning gruppe son!
5	If you want to know what's going on with your car and why take it to Tuning Gruppe. Eric explained and showed me everything that was going on. I've dealt with dealers and independent shops over the past few years and this place easily exceeds them. Whether you are looking for performance or just normal maintenance go to Tuning Gruppe.
5	I always took my GTI to Tuning Gruppe and never ever got the run around from them. They were always incredibly helpful and explained every issue to me, in addition to showing me the problems. I always recommend them to everyone I know. Very trustworthy. Check em out!
5	Eric, owner of Tuning Gruppe is a VW/Audi enthusiast and truly cares about his customers and making sure they are happy.  Eric flashed my car with the GIAC DSG flash and the car has been running great!
5	Took my MINI here for a GIAC tune and injector install. Great people working here, I have absolutely no complaints. The correspondence I had prior to bringing my car in was very professional and informative. I was able to have everything ready that I needed prior to bringing my car in. Although I have only been here once, and for canned tuning, I would definitely recommend to others looking into getting a GIAC tune locally versus sending your ECU in the mail.
5	Honest guys, gave a very reasonable quote, did quick work and did it right. Highly recommended.
5	Took my wife's Volkswagen here to pickup a GIAC tune and have a down-pipe installed. David and Eric were great. Their lobby is setup very nice. Netflix and Hulu for the tv and a Roku box as well as comfy leather Sofas. Lots of stuff to browse over while you're there and keep you entertained. Service was great. They checked in with me several times letting me know what was going on through the entire process. I was satisfied with the work. They went out of their way to make sure I was satisfied. Eric even checked in with me later in the evening to see how everything went once I got the car home. I'd have no problem recommending this shop to anyone of my friends and I'd feel confident bringing my car here for other work.
