4	Pretty decent beer, i only tried one so i won't pretend to be an expert on the place.  I enjoyed the Old World Wit, despite its slight metallic taste.  I did sample very briefly (sip, is the word i'm looking for) the dark beer, and would not call myself a fan.  very smoky flavor, and a strong coffee taste.  it reminded me a bit of old grounds.  not a fan.  the place has pretty minimal ambiance, though it's not so big as to be intimidating, at least not the small bar area.  i didn't see the stage or anything else, so i can't say how that part was.  anyway i look forward to trying their beers in the future and i'd totally come back with a terrific group (like the #nvfn-ers! fun times!).
3	So I was here the other night to watch a friend of a friend's band play. I saw three different bands and all were really good! I was quite impressed actually at the talent they all seemed to posses. The crowd was very laid back and very mixed. No snobbery or bitchiness in sight! It was great!The bar itself is in a bad location. Not bad like its unsafe or anything. But bad like its completely NOT visible from any main street. Its tucked back in this little strip of office buildings. The bar is in the front of the space its in the the music area is attached to that in like a massive garage/storage space.The beer was good. I had the Red. Now the reason I gave this three stars is that it is named Old World BREWERY. I definitely expected more, but they only had 5 beers to choose from. Wait, no...they only had 5 beers on the menu. They were out of 3 of them. This place is good enough though that I am willing to give it another shot.
1	Yelpers beware.  Unless you are into loud awful music and bad beer this is not a good spot to go to. In a remote part of north Phoenix we stopped in on our way back to civilazation after visiting Flagstaff.  I ordered the wit and thought it was simply disgusting. My girlfriend ordered the Red Ale and it was almost just as bad.  Paid for our beers and left them almost full and headed to Mellow Mushroom instead to get the bad taste out of our mouths.
3	Dark Knight Porter was excellent.  The Irish Red seemed off.  We were there on a Thursday afternoon.  Looks like they have bands play in the back on a regular basis.  Can't comment on the entertainment, but the beer was ok.This is a tasting room for the brewery.  No food, 2 TVs, and a few chairs.
4	This review is just about the venue. I came here for the Jonny Craig show last night. I was expecting a large bar area but that is definitely not the case. It's super tiny. It's very homey, with a small stage area. You can touch the performers as they play. I like smaller venues so it worked for me. It's in the middle of nowhere and there is loads of parking for free in the immediate area. Eat before you come because there is no food in the immediate area. But if you like the smaller venue vibe I'd definitely go see a show here. Oh and bonus points for the big Boston Red Sox banner thats hanging in the bar area.
4	A little tough to find but great beer! Came in there when they first opened and one of the owners took us for a tour of the place and explained the process. Would be nice if they had a small kitchen for some wings or nachos or something to go along with the beer.
4	Just an FYI, this location may be closed, but they are moving to a new one in south phoenix..  So, make sure to check it out, and look for a possible Yelp event there soon!
5	I went today and they had some great beer at some great prices. It was happy hour so they had $3 pints. Lots of fun stuff to do like darts, pool, video games. The staff was very friendly and they had an awesome dog.
1	Had the displeasure of tasting there beer at an event in scottsdale 10-19...The beer was just god awful never again shall this swill touch my lips
