4	Ohhh... so much better than walmart.   Employees are nicer, the customers inside seem to be less stupid and respectful of other people.  Wish my house was closer to bashas than walmart.
1	I recently purchased cooked shrimp from the seafood counter... Ugh!!! Worst shrimp I ever had!!! It was like chewing rubber! What a disappointment. It was old I guess. Bought it to make a shrimp cocktail and use the rest for shrimp scampi. Two items for superbowl Sunday grinds, sucked. Don't buy the shrimp from Bashas.  You're better off buying the frozen one that's prepackaged. Will never go back there again.  Fry's has better shrimp!
5	They have the best bakery in town.  Awesome French-style crusty baguettes!
2	Thing is..this store cannot compete with Frye's..and the proof is that there is hardly anyone there.  Limited selection on items, (I mean really..No Baker's Choc??) and the Starbucks..while staffed with very good people...alway has a line out the door on Sunday with pajama-clad coffee drinkers (P.S..go to Tully's at Frye's..no line and great coffee).  But what I really dislike is the few times I do go to Basha's, mainly for a sale..I am in line forever...one checker is only opened..and I am usually behind WIC people who divide up orders between baby formula (paid for by WIC) and about 10 bottles' of 40s (paid for with crumpled dollar bills).  So clerks are nice, store is clean, just is not on the level of Frye's, and they are more expensive.
1	Still WIC and EBT heaven and the clerks do not know how to deal with this.  Same thing..8 bottles of 40 and cigs paid with cash..then the baby formula with coupons...end up in a line from hell.  Frys is alwasy busy..but MUCH better customer service.
4	While in Maricopa for the day to visit friends, we stopped at Basha's to pick up some Vanilla ice cream and an apple pie to take over to our friends' house. This store is nice and big and the bakery area is really easy to find. Something that impressed us when we first pulled in? They have shaded carport awnings that cover each and every parking space. That itself is very cool, and with it being summer and very hot now, those shaded awnings are a real blessing! I wish EVERY store had those!The floor in the store didn't look very clean to me but maybe it was because there was a lot of foot traffic while I was in there, since so many people were shopping that morning. The cashier was very nice and she understood why I didn't have a Basha's Thank You card when she asked me (I rarely ever shop there so I don't feel the need for one). The bagger, on  the other hand, kept yawning and wasn't very polite. He said "Have a nice day" with a stone-faced expression and then yawned again.As far as prices go, if you don't have their Thank You card, it's not worth shopping there. They are EXPENSIVE! If I would have had their card, the ice cream I bought would have been $2.50 instead of almost $6.00 for a container of Dreyer's French Vanilla! I'll stick with my regular shopping venues.
2	Unless there is a sale I don't shop here. High prices and too few checkout lanes open makes Fry's across the street a better experience and at cheaper cost.
2	I go only when I want covered parking.  That is it.  It's pricey, cluttered, looks dirty and normally has a bunch of elderly or weirdos sitting in the chairs just as you walk in.  2 stars for the covered parking.
2	The store itself is alright.  Sometimes they have decent sales. Produce isn't always that great.  We go mainly for the Starbucks, but the Ladies are always incredibly irritated.  Not my fault they hate their job/life.  Now that Frys has a starbucks I'll probably not be going back unless they overhaul their employee attitude.  I worked at a starbucks in a grocery store.  I understand how grumpy the customers can be, but it's your job to put on a smile and make the customers experience a good one.  No matter how badly they need their coffee.
