3	I have had both a salad and a froyo from here on two separate occasions and just want to warn folks - check your bill and your meal. I was charged the wrong price for the froyo and my salad was missing some ingredients I had requested. I'd like to chalk this up to the place being new but I don't feel inclined to go a third time to find out. I had the kale salad and found it to be somewhat tasteless. Froyo was serviceable; they are not generous w toppings that's for sure! Prices are on the more expensive side for lunch too. Like I said earlier, likely will not give this place another try.
2	So wanted this to be my new go-to for lunch, but the line has been so long that I haven't had time.  Went in today, staff is super helpful but the food is, well, bland.  I had the "Superbiotic salad (add chicken) which included: garbanzo beans, sun-dried tomatoes, cucumbers, corn, artichoke hearts, roasted red peppers and red onion, served atop spinach and romaine and served with cucumber dill dressing".  Sounds delicious, huh?  No - not so much.  It was 75% lettuce, and the dressing had zero taste.  I wasn't even able to finish it.  I may go back and try something else, but today I'm just disappointed and hungry.
4	I've had Freshii now on numerous occaions for breakfast. I work in uptown and need to pass it walking into work from my garage - conienent location. The breakfast buritto and breakfast bowl are both pretty good. Personally, I think its a great and healthier alternative to it's neighbor - McDonalds. Don't let the bad or so so reviews turn you away - it's definitely worth a try.
3	I've been to Freshii a few times for the bowls and wraps...And while I do enjoy the food, it is not very consistent. At this point, I do prefer the bowls over the burrito/wraps. Ingredients seem very fresh and a good variety to build your own salad, bowl or wrap. Service is very quick and staff is helpful. Freshii will not be my "go to" spot but will return from time to time.
4	Great concept.  Good execution.  Food was 4 star.  Service was 2 star.  I got the sense they are still learning how to efficiently operate - which I think contributes to the bad reviews.  I'm giving 4 stars in hopes the process smooths out.  I had the wrangler bowl with chicken.  That's brown rice, corn, black beans, tomatoes, cabbage...it was awesome.  Value is great.  Quality was great.  Good portion.  Good flavor.
3	Good place to grab a healthy lunch.  Lots of veggie options and you can customize whatever you order.  The menu has salads, wraps, rice bowls, noodle bowls, and soups.  I always have to include sriracha to add some flavor and, fortunately, they have bottles on the tables because I can never have too much sriracha.
3	We were only here for about 45 minutes as we prepped for a meeting.  The juice drinks were decent for the price and they had free WiFi.  Overall it was clean and well lit.  The only downside was the truly disinterested employees and random people trying to talk to us while we prepped.
4	Ive eaten here twice now and gotten takeout bowls. Today was the Pangoa bowl; spicy barbecue sauce, lime wedge, avocado, warm brown rice, corn, tomato, cheese, cilantro and black beans. Hits the spot! You can add protein but I didn't today. With tax it costs 8.57 and weighs about 4 lbs. Good and healthy is what I got and that's exactly what I wanted. They feature a special bowl that changes but not sure how often. They also have soup, wraps fresh squeezed juice and smoothies.
3	I have a love/hate relationship with this place. Why? If you are trying to eat healthy and you work in Uptown, then this is the place to go. The problem is, as usual healthy isn't fast or cheap. I usually get a fresh squeezed juice and a bag of yogurt pretzels. Hey, that IS healthy for this junk food junkie! They have named their salads and wraps with some interesting names like ninja and superbiotic. The company may think that is clever marketing, but that won't fool me into eating it. The rumors are true, during a week day lunch time, the lines are long and the staff seem to turnover all the time so when I order my juice they all seem to look at each other like 'who's doing this order?'. Uhm, throw some fruit and veg in the juicer and press the On button please. My mysterious looking green drink and a bag of 6 pretzels costs $7.50. What? Hey, that is the price for eating healthy. TIP: the place is open early for breakfast and shuts at 4pm. So after 5pm, it's time to toss those greens and head for the cocktail bar or cupcake shop!
4	If you are looking for a very clean lean healthy breakfast/lunch/smoothie/juice/soup, then this is the place to go. You will get a good portion of food for a price comparable to what you will pay at other nearby lunch spots. Yes, the wait will be long during the lunch rush, but the staff are trying their best to get it going. And despite the stress and noise in such a small space, the guy who finally bags my lunch looks me in the eye, smiles, asks if I need anything extra, hands me my food, and thanks me for visiting. That made all the difference from being annoyed for the wait and then feeling appreciated for putting up with it.Plus, their broth soups are delicious and served in a very large container. You can save half for later or lunch the next day.This will be my go to place when I don't have leftovers to bring to work. No more worries about sabotaging my clean eating anymore.
2	Consistently the worst lunch-time service in downtown Charlotte. I've been there a dozen times, all of my visits involve me waiting for them to remake my order. Not liking edamame, I always order my meal without it.  They, without fail, always add it to my order. The person remaking my food today was so upset they threw the order at me after putting it in the bag.  Fortunately there are a dozen other lunch spots to choose from in a 50 foot radius of that freshii.  I'll never go back.
3	I have mixed emotions about this place. As far as a quick-ish, healthy-ish lunch option, it's a great place. But it's pricey, and the staff is seriously lacking in customer service skills. Still, in a pinch on days when I forgot to pack my lunch, this is where I usually end up if no other reason than the food is tasty - my current favorite is the spicy lemon grass soup!
