1	It would take me too long to explain all the problems so I'll share 2 things:1.BILLING...they charge you and your insurance company for services not provided and the staff turns over so much no one understands the business over there.2. My daughters $1200 crown fell out within 3 weeks.  Now they won't return my calls or send all of her records to a new dentist.BEWARE
1	Would not recommend this dental clinic. I had a root canal that was not properly done, and the crown put on top of it  cracked. It was  temporarily filled, but three months later I had to have the tooth pulled.  They definitely are not afraid to charge for their services.
1	I understand the need to upsell services to some clients, but no means no.  I just wanted a routine cleaning and Leti kept pushing the upsell.  Tried 3 times to book a regular cleaning and finally Leti, receptionist, said Dr. probably wouldn't be comfortable doing the routine cleaning.  I tried to explain to them I pay my bills and I know what I can afford.  I have other Dr. bills and just wanted my routine cleaning my insurance provides to me.  I think I ranked 3-4 out of 10 of urgency on a chart they use.  They also didn't bill my insurance company the max amount the insurance company allows and when they found out, they billed me the difference.  I work for a Dr.'s office and I can't imagine doing that to our patients.  It's a nice upscale location and I'm sure they'll do fine without my business.
5	Great office! The office consists of very dedicated staff members that love their job-and it shows. Both dentists on board take great care of their patients. they take the time to know the individual and tailors to each persons needs.
1	If I could give less than one star I would. BEWARE!!! The staff is super aggressive with their supposed advice, the dentist walks around with her head held high, but doesn't actually do anything. It appears they are just after your money. Stay far, far away.
1	One star is too many-  they are only after easy money and have no regard for their patients.1)  Their billing person struggles to do her job, thinks she is an expert, but is not competent.  She is also rude.   2)  For my third appointment, I had been waiting about 30 minutes-  only to find out Dr Kopsky was holding a staff meeting during the time of my appointment-  have your meetings when you do not have patients-  that should not be hard, because during the three times I was in there, I was the only patient all three times!!  I left.3) The receptionist told me she would have Dr. Kopsky call me.  That was over one week ago with no call.  Completely unprofessional!!Appears to be a small business with no leadership, and soon, no patients.   I expect them to be out of business before long if their attitude keeps up.
