4	In addition to doing all our 'let's fix it up before it falls down completely' mission for our home, we needed to take care of our citrus trees.Thanks to a thoroughly incompetent person who was staying in our home, they turned off the sprinklers for 2 months...leaving our grapefruit and orange trees to die - in addition to our lawn.The people here were friendly, helpful and knowledgeable about the basics - aside from, "Have you turned on your sprinklers again?" (yes, we have) - and offered some good advice for the trees.This is our second time coming here and we're definitely fans since they're right around the corner from us!
4	Local shop with a great selection and very helpful. Got to support the locals!
5	I recently discovered them. I love this nursery! The staff are not only incredibly helpful, but KNOWLEDGEABLE. Someone there will have a good answer for any garden-related question. They were super sweet about helping me with my own gardening questions. Their prices are also great, competitive with the big stores like Lowe's and Home Depot, but their plants are much healthier. In addition, they also seem to care about "society at large", and not just profits. They gave us super-discounted prices for my kids' veggie garden at school. :)
5	If you need your grass to grow, here you go.  Small local and family run, they have the answers shade or sun.
5	I decided to try out a new nursery and this place is awesome. It has a great selection of plants of all kinds. I came here for veggies for my fall garden and found a big selection with more to come soon. I also discovered that they recently started selling pond plants and accessories. I bought a few very beautiful plants for my pond (lily and papyrus) - healthy and at a great price.The staff was knowledgeable and everyone was so willing to help me and carry things out to my car. I got some really great input on different types of plants for groundcover and came away VERY pleased. I will definitely be coming back here soon.
1	Don't waste your time!! Cost might be low but they do not stand behind their products! Spoke with the owner about a verbally abusive employee that lied about their products. He would not do anything to fix the problem but sell me something else. The owner asked me if I was handicapped because I can't plan a tree... Who asks a customer that?? This is the most unethical company I have ever worked with! I have never been more disappointed by the way I have been treated as a customer. Watch out for this company!! Make sure you get everything in writing and don't believe what anyone tells you there. Even if you talk to the owner, he will stand behind his employees, that can do no wrong, and not remedy the lies that have been told. What a horrible experience and shame that this company calls themselves a "family business". More like a big corporate machine that doesn't care about their customers!!
1	3 strikes A & P. Your employees need customer service training ASAP.  I always try to support smaller businesses but I will go absolutely anywhere but here from now on.  I have been in there a handful of times, a few of the employees are helpful. However, most of your employees are extremely rude.  Once I asked an employee to help me with one of there glazed pots and he went off about "how stupid those kind of pots are, what a waste of money, and that no one needs something like that when they can just use the black plastic pots things come in" I said that I was going to use it inside and he went off again "plants don't grow well inside, everything should be outside". While that may be the opinion of some, it was very condescending and that is not exactly customer service nor helpful for sales with your business. BTW, I did not buy that pot (I had been eyeing that exact one for months... instead I gave my money else where.  Recently I went in with my dog. While I completely support a businesses right to advice that dogs not go in or refuse dogs.. There employee was just extremely rude the moment I opened my car door with my dog- that is uncalled for.  I will NOT be back.
1	I thought that supporting local business's are important, so I headed to A&P for the first time today.  What a mistake as I should of checked yelp before wasting my time. I must of gotten the worst of the employees today as I was looking for trees for my yard. This particular employee told me that the only trees I should buy are desert because in 2015 or 2016 the world will be out of water for vegetation. Also, we might have drinking water but, that is it. Okay, really? Desert trees are only what he has in his yard as he told me. I don't really care what he has in his yard,  I was there for my yard, which has flood irrigation. I asked if they had delivery for the large boxed trees and he said no. I asked if they had recommendations for delivery as I have an injury to my back,and I was told there was a 3 month waiting time and that it was too late in the season to be planting trees anyway.OMG...really? This employee either is taking too many meds or not enough. The owners of A & P should be reading the yelp reviews and do something about employees like this. So, I will take my wallet full of money somewhere else that might appreciate it. Lastly, I will say that the place was clean and organized BUT...that was the only positive note.
5	We have been using A&P nurseries over the last 25 years and have had great service with lawn mower repairs and plant selection. I was particularly impressed with their service today. There were no less than 4 people that offered to help me with my plant selection. It is nice to go to a nursery that carries plants that grow in our harsh climate. I never trust the "big box" nurseries as many of their plants come from California and are not always adapted to this area. Always glad to give my business to a locally-owned nursery too.
5	This small but mighty location is newly laid out and beautiful. Always a great selection and quality plants! The staff is knowledgeable and helpful. They also have a huge selection of succulents.... if you're into that.
5	Have gone here well over 2 dozen times over the past year or so and always had a good experience.  Very helpful and knowledgeable staff.  I like to get smaller things.  One is for price but the main reason is it is easier to dig a small hole and if it doesn't last, it wasn't a big investment anyway.Have I planted things that have died?  Yes.  Have I taken them back and made a stink?  No, because I killed them.  If that is not your style, and are like my mom who will dig something out of the ground 1yr later and return it, a big box store is probably the best bet.The independent places sell more 1 gallon and smaller items because they don't have as much overhead.  I got a few 1ft tall saguaros for $10.  Not many places have them that small.  I will be getting a few trees (Chinese Elm) this fall and this will be my first stop.As with most small local places, the more you get familiar with them, the better the experience will be.  I also checked out the location in Gilbert, slightly more selection, same friendly staff.
