5	Hey!  Lots of people showed, new friends, beer!  Bowling was cheap, but 3 games, WAAAYYYY too long.  If it weren't pimp & ho night, I think they would have flashed the lights at 1AM.What else could you want from a UYE?Also, there was a pimp throwing money at kids!Thanks Roger for putting this together & thank your wife for the cookies!
5	I suck at bowling, but to get to here I wasn't crazy from Angela was so worth the four gutters I got in a row. I got to meet a lot of new and cool people, and some that I had been waiting a while to actually meet! Everyone was so cool and fun- even when it got to 2 am and a pimp starting handing out twenties. Now that I will never forget.
5	Some people say that most sequels don't do the original justice. Well folks, I for one am here to tell you that this second installment was way better than the first!First off, even more people showed up for this one. I got to meet some friends of friends (Kevin B, Rod L, and Colleen T), friends that I got to meet finally in person (Chris R, Tom F, Edwin P, Kayla M, and Angela H), and last but not least, friends that I am already acquainted with (Kevin L, Jade W and her man Scott, Shawn H who brought his super cute son Soul, Kevin P, and one of the sweetest most wonderful ladies you will ever meet, Christie O)Not everybody bowled, but those that did had a hilariously good time. The beer was flowing and so were everybody's individual conversations. Lots of one liners to be heard as well. Even Shawn's little carbon copy got to join in on the fun as well. (The bowling part, not the drinking. LOL). Of course he got to use the bumpers but if you ask me, some of us needed it more than him and that includes me for I threw about 4 gutter balls.My wifey and BFF Riah T also accompanied me to this event. She brought chocolate chip cookies that she baked herself the night before and people were more than eager to sample her goodies. Who knew cookies and beer were good together? LOL.Around 12:15 am I had to leave because I was scheduled for surgery to remove kidney stones at 12 noon. They said I was supposed to fast after midnight but a small meal shouldn't hurt right? So off to the Grand Cafe we went.As if it wasnt already funny enough when I was there, ironically the best part happened when I left. Apparently a pimp........oops I meant an escort manager and his escorts decided to show up and bowl? I left it as a question because either they were really bored and had no action or were just in the neighborhood. According to eyewitness accounts, the escort manager sees Soul and thought he looked like him so he started giving him 20 dollar bills intermittently while showing off his bling along with his escorts.So overall, everybody had fun. I only wished I didnt have to leave when I did. I think the next Red Rock Bowling UYE will say, "Part 3 Pimpin Aint Easy".
5	First of all, thanks Roger for putting together this event.  It has been over 10 years since I have bowled.  And, Unfortunately, it showed.  I don't think I broke 100 in the first game.  I was the king of the gutter balls.  But, I did alright the 2nd game as I almost had 3 strikes in a row.  Good times!It was great seeing some people that I have already met and a few faces that I see in my check-ins page.  It was an interesting night to say the least.  From, pro bowlers with kidney stones, novice bowlers wearing rented shoes, peeps just coming to hangout and have a few drinks, and a pimp with his "girlfriends".  One wearing heels while bowling.  I love Vegas!!With all of that said, it was an absolute blast.  Next time, 2 games not 3 will be what the night will call for.  It became eternal - 10 pm to 2 am.  Gotta' love it.
5	Yeah yeah yeah...this was a while ago.  Better late than never...been slackin!So I showed up right after work and grabbin a quick bite, and got there when everyone's first game was ending.Soul and I played 2 games, with the most eventful being the last of course.The so called "pimp" saw Soul playing and thought he was just as adorable as he was lol...but decided to hook him up with a couple $20 bills!  Since I suck at bowling for the most part, it's probably one of the first times I have gained money bowling!  LOLThanks Roger for setting it up, and there was a huge turnout, even if not everyone was playing.  We had fun, and will try to be at the next one :)
5	I may be the worst yelping bowler of All-time, but fuck it - I had fun.  This was only my third UYE and one thing I can say for certain: each and every event put on by a hard-working Yelper is unique, fun, and great times with cool ass people. This one was organised by Roger. No need for a surname initial. It is Roger; there is only one. You better recognise.Back to my bowling, since this is what the event was about. I had the lowest score. The lowest. I was probably worse than the ladies of the night in their sky high heels that STARTED playing after 2AM. (And I don't mean any Yelpers that arrived late) A lot has said about our unofficial guests. I must say that is just donned on me in an unrelated Talk thread that we could have tried to get him to check-in to the UYE. You imagine if this guy, possible escort manager, was unleashed on the Yelp universe? Where would he check-in?Back to bowling. I need a handicap like they do at Punk Rock Bowling. How do they make their balls curve like that? Even Soul H. possibly got a higher score than me and the Brooks trail-running shoes I took to this UYE were older than him (and currently are valued less than what our UYE guest in pink silk shirt gave him in crisp Jacksons). - E
5	What's to be said that hasn't already been said...this was a great event put on by a great guy; thanks Roger.  Not only did I have a chance to show off my, what I have since learned to be, "girl-like bowling skills" but also had a chance to meet some new and great people from the Yelp community.   I just want it to be clear that despite my lack of skills I still had the third highest score over the 3 games we played.  Of course my 3 games all totaled up didn't even reach one of Rogers but hey, he had his own equipment and that makes up for a lot :-)  The second highest scoring player was Kevin B...let's face it, he's from Canada and perfecting indoor sports is kind of one of their things up there.Pimps, ho's and smack talkers (Kevin P. I'm looking at you bro!) alike in the background made this event epic.  Looking forward to Part 3...thanks again.
