2	The place is really nice and set up really well. The atmosphere is a little dark, but other than that its nice. They dont have a lot of selection, but what they have is nice. So why 1 star? Well here was my experience.My first trip there. Upon entering I was told to "pick whatever I liked to try on". That was a little disheartening because I had a budget and no dress had a price tag so what if I picked and tried on a $10,000 dress and fell in love with it when my budget is way under that? Luckily I knew what I was looking for and what dresses were in my price range. I tried on a bunch of dresses and picked one I like the most. I decided this was the dress. I asked them about if they needed to take my measurements and they took a couple. I paid 50% and left. Months later I got a call asking me to come in to take my measurements. Being that I was out of town this was not feasible, so they said I could take them myself or go to a seamstress. I opted to take them myself.I then went in for my second time. Upon stepping into the dressing room I was told that my bustier was cheap and theirs was much better. I said I would try theirs on. I tried it on but I am not straight up and down and I have hips so their bustier kept rolling up. They said something along the lines of: its too bad since theirs is so nice. So I stuck with mine. I was then told that if the dress did not fit that it was because I took the measurements and I should have come in (which would require flying down to NC).  I tried the dress on and the seamstress was very receptive to taking out the crinoline. She was also receptive about shortening the dress. However she not receptive at all about the wrinkles in the top of the dress, or fixing the waist line which had a weird poof going on. She argued, eye rolled, and had a general attitude. I was surprised by this because I would think you want the bride to look her best and its not like its a free service. Anyways she agreed to make the changes. Everyone left angry (except me who was more disheartened).The third trip. The waist had been raised too much and the fabric cut so now that could not be fixed. Some of the work fixed the wrinkling. The new problem was the dress was about 2 inches too big. She argued about just tacking it to my bustier and if I needed it taken in before the wedding I could fly down again (not going to happen). Finally after all the arguing she agreed to take it in. She said it would be ready the next morning. We left and talked about it and then decided to just take the dress to another seamstress, so we went back to pick up the dress.The fourth and final trip. I got there and asked if I could just take my dress. I was told that she just finished doing the work (so why she said it was going to take her another full day I have no idea). We took the dress home where I tried it on again. She only took it in at the top near the breasts and did not take it in at the waist, where now it was wrinkling like crazy. We took it to another seamstress who fixed it within 2 hours. I wish the waist fabric wasnt cut so they could have fixed that too. Also I was told by them that I would have to steam my dress. I paid $350 to have my dress hacked and to hear arguing for hours. Terrible customer service. The people who work at the boutique are very nice but why they didnt step in during all the arguing is beyond me. I would recommend this boutique to someone who: has a huge budget, is straight up and down so you can use their bustier, lives locally, and who doesnt need any alterations.
5	I had a great experience with Hayden Olivia for finding my wedding dress.  My budget was significantly lower than most of the dresses in the store, but they have a great sample section! Samples were 50-70% off the original price.  If your looking for a sample, they had a great selection.Also, I felt that even though I was spending a decent amount less than other girls shopping at the store (I did purchase a sample), I was treated no differently.  Overall, this was a great shopping experience and I would highly recommend it!
5	I'm really shocked at the previous comment because I cannot say enough good things about this bridal salon!! I was afraid to make an appointment because it seemed like a high end salon and I didn't have a high end budget, but decided that I should go to at least one high end salon and am so happy I did. From the moment I walked in, everyone in the shop was extremely welcoming. We had the whole shop to ourselves which was awesome. After picking out a few dresses of interest (all within my 2K budget) my bridal consultant Elizabeth (who was absolutely lovely) picked another out that she felt might be a good match. While I didn't end up choosing the dress she picked, it was her attention to detail and listening to what I wanted that really impressed me. I tried on 6 dresses in total, all gorgeous, and ended up buying the first dress- a Tara Keely stunner! Elizabeth has since moved and doesn't work there anymore but the owner Laura has been prompt and great at answering my emails and questions. I can't say enough about  how special Hayden Olivia made me and my family feel that day. It's a day we'll never forget!
5	Amazing place!
3	Very nice dresses and a beautiful show room (though they share space with a family apartment so it was kind of funny because it was such an elegant location to hear screaming kids running was a little disarming.I will say that they are geared in the 4,000k price range and up -which was a bit more than I was looking to spend in all honestly . Unlike Sarah W. I did see the prices clearly marked on the tags so it prevented me from trying on that 10k stunner myself...which I came close to doing! It made a great place to find a dress (and/or style) and look elsewhere to buy (I know a bride who did this) . They did have a sample sale going on but even with the sample sale it was still in the 4k range. They had a small selection of rack dresses for mid 1,000Ks but most were larger sizes and not really what I was looking for (lace).  Overall I didn't find my dress here but was glad to check it out.
4	I had an amazing experience here. After calling the salon many times about a certain dress they informed me that the gown I wanted was going on sample sale. I made the apt, drove up from Florida, tried the dress on for the first time, and fell in love! I got a $2,530 dress for $1,900! Whitney was my bridal consultant, she was really sweet, helpful, and non judgmental.
5	I'm not sure why those negative review girls had bad experiences because mine was phenomenal. I was the only client in the boutique during my appointment and the lady was SO helpful! I went around and chose like 10 dresses to try on, all of which were clearly marked with sizes and prices. She assisted me while I was putting them on, holding my arm so I wouldn't fall over and even helped shimmy a few of the tight ones over my hips. She was very friendly and out going but not at all pushy. The seamstress was also there and she was a super nice lady as well. After I chose a dress the lady popped out some champagne for my mom and me, it was delicious. The designer I chose, Modern Trousseau, includes my monogram and wedding date as a label on the inside of the gown and will send me a sketch of my dress as a momento, how cool right?! And it wasn't a one size fits all type deal where they order a size up and then it has it be altered like crazy. The lady at the store took a ton of measurements so the dress will come in almost perfect! Also, before we left she sent me home with like 5 of the latest bridal magazines, I thought that was nice. Overall, my mom and I had the perfect dress shopping experience!
5	Hayden Olivia is such a special place. The owner Heather is kind and helpful.  What a treat it was to find THE dress almost immediately, with Heather's help, and in such a great space-  especially after encountering such unhelpful ladies in so many other mediocre shops in Charlotte (especially Nitza's)!!!!  I will be telling all future brides I encounter to go here-  whether they live here or not!
5	I love hayden and Olivia! Yes the shop is smaller and yes maybe it's more expensive than davids bridal or other bridal "warehouses". But these dresses are special and beautiful. Each one is so unique and puts those ugly tacky warehouse dresses to shame.  The style of dresses are incredible, the staff are amazing, and the shop is a breath of fresh calm air in an otherwise chaotic process. Whitney is the best consultant! She helped make our bride Stacy perfect and she laughed and celebrated with us like part of the family. I highly recommend hayden and Olivia!!!
1	I don't usually write reviews but after my experience at Hayden Olivia's Boutique I need to make sure other brides are aware of their practices before making an appointment there on what is supposed to be a special day.When I first got to the boutique I was greeted by my consultant who did not even take the time to get to know me or my family who were there to help me find the perfect dress. She then handed me clips and told me to go clip the dresses I wanted to try on. From there the appointment got worse and worse. The consultant had no intention on helping me during my appointment. There was no information about the gowns or designers. After 10 mins into the appointment I mentioned to her that I had been to another salon in town that morning and had found a dress that I really loved but I had been excited to visit their boutique to see what they had. She told me "you should have just bought the dress" in a tone that implied that I was there wasting her time. After this moment she completely ignored me during my consultation not even helping me into dresses. She literally left the appointment. As I was getting out of the last dress she told me that once I was done that I could "find my way out." My family was floored.I am absolutely shocked that they would treat someone like this. There were a few other appointments going on at the time in which no one was being helped. SHOCKED!If it weren't for my appointment at the other salon that morning my time looking for the perfect dress would have been ruined by this HORRIBLE boutique. Thank GOD I didn't go there first. I couldn't wait to get back to the other salon after this appointment (or whatever you want to call it).
