4	When you're a thyroid and kidney patient, you get the joy of visiting Los Vampires at Sonora Quest rather frequently. Oh no, I'm not afraid of needles. Just sick of catching crap from friends, family and co-workers for walking around looking like an intravenous drug user . . . I've been both right when the place opens at 7AM, and after work (4PM). You can either walk in, or book an appointment online. Highly recommend just making an appointment, because while you can just show up, prepare for a major wait. Appointments I've made are almost always on time. Syed is awesome. Never a bruise or a goose egg when my appointments are with him! :)
3	The staff here are great but the problem is the company are not sending blood work results to dr offices in a timely manner anymore.  My dr has had to chase down results many times now.  Looks like its time to find a new lab.
1	DON'T BRING CHILDREN TO THIS LOCATION!!! I brought my very nervous six-year old daughter here. She even told the phlebotomist she was scared, but there were no words of reassurance from the staff. The phlebotomist didn't really say much to us at all except to ask if my daughter would like to sit on my lap, which she said "no." As soon as the needle was inserted, my daughter jerked back, and blood was everywhere. My daughter was hysterically sobbing as I was then reprimanded by phlebotomist for not having her sit on my lap. (I wouldn't have minded doing that, but she made it sound optional rather than critical when she asked earlier. If she had warned me this might happen, I would have gladly sat with her.) Again, there were no words to calm my daughter down or even a "sorry." She asked if we wanted to draw the sample on the other arm since we had collected no blood at this point. Meanwhile, my daughter is so hysterical there was no way I could have her work on the other arm. The phlebotomist made me feel like I was in the way and should get moving out of the office if I wasn't going to do the other arm. My daughter hyperventilated practically the whole 15 minute drive home, crying that she never wants to get blood taken ever again. In my opinion, the staff should be coached and trained on how to handle nervous children or even calm down someone who is upset. I felt like I had no empathy at all, and now I have to worry about my daughter having permanent phobias with needles. I'm never coming here again!
