5	I brought 2 of my kids here and they had a great visit!
5	Dr, Ornstein and his staff have been taking care of my family for four years, and the service is top-notch.  Most importantly, Dr. O is patient, helpful, and friendly.  He has gone out of his way on more than one occasion, even seeing me on a weekend for an eye emergency.  He's the kind of doctor that genuinely cares about his patients, and I can honestly say that he and his staff are some of the best at what they do.
5	I just moved here from Tucson and was in desperate need of new contacts/glasses.  I saw the great Yelp reviews for Surprise Eye care so I thought I'd give them a try.  I was very pleased with the professionalism and the attention to detail I received from Dr. Ornstein and his staff.  He is my new eye Dr. for sure!
5	Dr Ornstein. Is a very kind and wonderful man. He got us right in for my son. My son had a blade of grass that flew into his eye at football practice that was stuck under his eyelid and he got us in that day. He was very gentle and sweet to my son. He explained everything to us and to my son on the care for his eye that's been scratched from the piece of grass. He wanted to do a follow up a couple days later and even saw us on his own time just to make sure my sons eye was ok. The front desk was very sweet and patient with us. I have been wearing glasses since the 2nd grade and I have never experienced the kindness of this doctor and his staff ever before. I would recommend him 100% to anyone. He takes the next step to make you feel special.  Go get your next eye appt with Dr. Ornstein!!
3	Dr. O is amazing.  I've needed glasses my entire life and he took his time with my exam and explained why my eyes were the way they were.  I was very grateful.  The only reason for not giving 5 stars is that they require an appointment for everything.   Even to pick up a new prescription that you ordered weeks prior.  I've never needed an appointment to pick up my new glasses at any other eye doctor anywhere in this country.  I was however very pleased with my purchase and it's quality.  My only suggestion to them is to be a little more flexible with your customers since you're only open Monday - Thursday.
1	My visit to Dr Orenstein was a  horrible experience.  He wrote an error filled prescription for me. I found out when I went to get new glasses else where, the prescription he wrote was not only incorrect but was actually MUCH weaker instead of stronger than my old glasses. When I went back to complain, he was arrogant, leaning back crossing his arms and told me that my eyes just changed. Happens all the time.! Instead of offering to look into it he was smug. Granted I was frustrated and asked what he would do about it and he replied absolutely nothing! I got angry and stormed out and he yelled F--- You to me! What a professional, huh.  My advice, have your prescriptions re-checked with a COMPETANT eye doctor.
