5	i had my first appointment today. I saw Kim. I wanted to try acupuncture because my dad in Florida has had such great results for a skin condition. I don't really have any specific health concerns so more for overall health, though I did remember m y wrist has been a little painful the last few days. The grounds around the school are actually pretty neat, with a great little creek that flows around the courtyard, and is really calming. The first session took about an hour and half, which included going over some history. Today they needled my hands, feet and ears, so I didn't have to disrobe. The table was warmed and very comfortable :) After about 10 minutes, Kim came to check on me, and then left me alone for another 10 minutes. I can't say that my wrist feels very different, but I feel a little more energetic overall after the session, which I thought was strange, since I am a bit of a skeptic. I have another appointment for one week and I can't wait!
5	This is the second time that I have been in for an acupuncture treatment.  With a bad back and a skeptical frame of mind I decided to give it a try.  I figured acupuncture has been around for 8000 years and there must be something to it and going to a school at least there are several sets of eyes watching and checking.Anyway, the first session (with Jeanette) went really well and for the first time in many years I did not have pain in my back and neck (AWESOME).  Ok, was this a fluke or was this all in my mind.  This was not a permanent fix and I knew that, my pain is back.  I decided to give it a try again since the first session went well (with Adebelle) and I feel incredible.  I just wish this place was closer to Chandler because my infrequent trips are not going to make a significant difference right away.I also looked into the herbal medicine side for some other issues and this is very impressive.  I received my first herbal formula, so lets see if this works.
5	Love it here! I am such a fan of the treatment options and affordability of the acupuncture. I scheduled an appointment the first time and then liked the student I saw and continued to schedule with her. She spent over an hour talking with me before the exam and treatment, then did her exam, went to get her instructor to double check her recommendations, and performed acupuncture. No pain with the needles and very quick results with my sinus problems. I've also done the community walk in clinic, it's $10 and done in a room with other patients all sitting in zero gravity recliners. Very peaceful, inexpensive and quick, no history is taken and it focuses on the main points in the ear that work primarily on emotion and mental health. Wonderful!
