5	Kudos to Danny for the *best* reflexology treatment.  I actually fell asleep.  I NEVER fall asleep.  At one point, I couldn't tell if I was dreaming or awake (those eye masks really do a number on you) when I realized that my dreams don't have soundtracks by Coldplay.A few notes to keep in mind:* If you are staying at the Westin, the spa facility is open to 8pm.  Go get a workout down in their fitness area and come here to freshen up.* The steam room takes time to start up, but once it's activated you'd think you were in fog city (Daly City to those who catch my drift).  * There's free flowing Tazo teas, fruit juices, orange flavored chocolates, and samples of Biore and Intuition shavers waiting for you.  * 20% is automatically added to spa treatments to cover gratuity, and they don't ask if you want to add more.* Lockers are narrow, so pack your necessary toiletries and make-up and that's it.* Pool and jacuzzi are just around the corner from the spa and up the ramp.* They take Spa Finder gift certificates (thanks Andrea!)
5	Love me a spa afternoon! I booked an appointment at The Hibiscus Spa for a 80 min Swedish massage and it was one of the best massages I have every received. My massage therapist, Cyndi Winslow, was awesome. She made sure I had a relaxing experience and that was definitely a plus. The Hibiscus Spa is small - offers a full locker room, sauna, steam room, and showers. The relaxation room was awesome - I got to read my book while waiting for my appointment to begin. The lighting was perfect as I could have taken a nap right there. And because I am a Starwood Preferred Guest member - I got points toward any hotel stay for booking a massage over the weekend. I hope to try this spa again whenever I'm in Vegas next. And when you book your appointment, book it with Cyndi - she's awesome!Cheers!
5	After debating about what spa service to get i decided upon the Japanese Shiatsu massage. This was my first massage at this spa and my first shiatsu massage ever so i didn't know what to expect. I booked an early a.m. time and was greeted warmly, offered beverages and fruit and ushered to the quiet waiting area behind the scenes. Once Carla arrived she explained to me that the shiatsu is a finger pressure massage along my body meridians. (Having some past knowledge of the Five Elements (chinese and japanese philosophy)  and Chi helped understand this massage better).Carla used fairly deep pressure, "invaded my personal space" (as she said) by climbing on the table and on me, and gently stretched me into deeper positiions. It seemed like a combination of yoga, breathing, and massaging. Afterwards Carla asked if i had any questions. She then explained to me what she learned about me through my body meredians. I was floored when she told me things that only *I* would know emotionally and physically. In no way did i discuss with her any private affairs i had been experiencing recently but based on certain elements my body was in tune to she was spot on. I wasn't anticipating learning more about myself through this massage! Carla was extremely warm, caring, and knowledgable. If you're looking for a great and different type of massage and are open to healing yourself i'd highly recommend the Shiatsu massage! (If you're accustomed to massages you'll know that the price listings for the Hibiscus Spa are pretty moderate to any great massage for the value)
5	The husband spoiled me with an hour couple massage and it was one of the best couple massage ever.The waiting room is very tranquil and peaceful, makes you  want to just fall asleep. They also provide water and little snacks to munch on.The bathroom is just another beauty with lockers and very nice showers. The massage that we got was just perfect, it was Swedish, not too hard and not to soft either. We felt very rejuvenated after, so when you want a nice massage and don't mind to spend a bit much than usual, definitely check this place out.
5	I had an amazing spa experience here.  The only downfall was that the jacuzzi and pool was closed for the season.  This should already be part of the spa facility!  But all in all, the experience was still awesome.  My friends and I decided to celebrate a 30th birthday here and we purchased the Groupon to try this place out.  What a delight!  We each had 50 minute Swedish massages and all of us were happy with the results.  Cyndi was my massage therapist.  She was extremely helpful in helping me understand exactly what my body needs, and what I would be a great candidate for; for example Yoga.  She talked to me about many things related to my back and massages.  I like it when your therapist really tries to understand where your issues are and what they can do to help you resolve them, or give you advice.  She was super nice, and very knowledgeable.  After our massages, we all headed to the sauna and steam rooms.  We even hung out in the relaxation room for awhile munching on trail mix, drinking juice, chomping on apples and pears, and reading magazines.  The relaxation room is very peaceful!  The changing room is just the right size, and they have great amenities such as a brand new mach 3 razor right in your locker, leaf shaped soaps, vanity kits complete with ear swabs, and cotton, and shower caps and such.  They had great robes, soft slippers, and an abundance of towels of different sizes; even cold towels for the steam room.We had a great time here, and will definitely come back for the superb service!
5	I repaid Hibiscus Spa since my last visit was such an amazing experience while staying at the Westin. I opted for the Hibiscus Island Paradise treatment: half salt body scrub with warm shower therapy and half coconut milk massage. Cyndi was very enthusiastic and welcoming. Sometimes it can be a little...eh, weird, to be naked in front of strangers, but she was completely professional and helped reserve modesty. The Spa was not crowded and i was offered beverages and snacks upon arrival and departure. You're given a locker key to put your clothes and valuables in while being provided with a robe and slippers for wear to the therapy room.Apparently Groupon recently featured Hibiscus Spa so some services were not available. I booked a massage last year a week ahead of time with no troubles. This year i called 4 weeks in advance and no massage services were available on days i wanted. If you have a treatment in mind i'd suggest giving them a buzz asap.
5	Pedicure and manicure with Amber; she was fantastic, thorough and did an awesome job!
5	found this place b/c i got 20% off with the insiders card from Vegas.com...  got an 80 min. combination swedish/hot stone massage with Kelly.  UH-MAZING!!!
5	I always stay at this hotel but bc it was my birthday weekend, I wanted to get a massage. Read the reviews and figured you can't go wrong w anything in the Westin so I thought I'd give it a try. I got an 80 minute swedish massage given by Cyndi.I was given a robe and slippers to put on which all spas don't offer. I noticed a relaxation room, a sauna, and a shower. The experience was great and listening to Cyndi tell me things that I didn't know about Vegas was informative and great. It was nice being able to take a shower before I left the place and the bottle of water was better than being given a cup of water. The staff was sweet and I will definitely come back. It didn't hurt that I get a discount through my job.
5	I've never had a massage before .. And this place set the bar ! Everything was awesome ! I came here visiting Vegas and I wasn't feeling well but after a visit to the spa I felt better. My massage was amazing !! I just wish it was longer !! But everything was clean , and great and very relaxing !! I would definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas !
2	Called two days in a row trying to make an appointment for a massage, but I kept being transferred and put on hold - called during their business hours but apparently no one was there and they decided to close hours early. The next day I called and it took me 45 minutes of calling, them not answering, and then them saying they'd call back in 10 minutes (aka 30 minutes). Were not apologetic at all about inconvenience. When I called said they were booked and only had one available time on my requested day. But then I explained how I had literally been trying to make an appointment for 3 days and had gotten an email earlier saying there was an opening at 6pm but it was not reserved until I officially called to confirm it. Suddenly she changed her mind and said they did have an opening then, and had had it all along.Definitely something fishy going on there.
5	I purchased a groupon today for a purifying facial because I have been looking for the right spa after recently moving here. I have tried a few others in the area, all of which were good......but my visit to this spa today was amazing. The spa in it's self was nice...not the mega spas like other places in Vegas, but it was clean and had what I was looking for.......a really great facial specialist !!!!!!   I was booked with Amber......and very glad to be paired up with her ! Her work was awesome.......I feel great and really like the end result ! If you want a very good facial this is the place to go and Amber is the person to ask for ! By far one of the very best facials I've had !!!!
5	I had purchased a Groupon for a 50 minute massage and when I called to make an appointment, Whitney at the reception desk was able to fit me in. They offered a generous 20% off for an 80 minute massage, as I wasn't able to use the Groupon at that point. My masseuse was Marcella, she was WONDERFUL. My Back and neck had been very tense/full of knots from sleeping on too soft pillows. She listened to my requests and also made sure I was comfortable through the massage.  I felt so relaxed, it was truly the best massage I have had in my life. Since I still had the Groupon, I called back the next day and Whitney got me in with Marcella again for the 50minute massage. I was still tense in my shoulders from the soft pillows, and she brought out the hot stones to try to loosen them up. WOW, that was wonderful! She was very easy to talk to and I enjoyed our conversation (I usually don't chat while having a massage, I like the relaxing experience - but I had that the day before!) Thank you Marcella, I truly enjoyed the massage and it was a pleasure to meet you! Hope you make it to Seattle soon :) Overall, I found all of the staff to be extremely polite, accommodating, professional, and thoughtful. If I lived here I would frequent this spa often!  I didn't use the showers or sauna that was available, but loved having a robe and slippers to change into for relaxing!
2	Good massage & nice spa but terrible customer service. I booked my appointment over 6 weeks ago after my husband got me a groupon for a 50 minute Swedish massage for when were came to town.  The groupon said to call & mention the deal so that is what I did.After a great massage I went to check out & reminded them of my groupon as I pulled it up on my phone. i was told they had no record of me wanting to use a groupon so I could not use it. i said I must have mentioned it, & I was told if I had mentioned the groupon they would have sent me a confirmation email. I went through my emails & found it, but when I pointed out the email I was told if it didn't mention the groupon then I must not have said anything about it when booking.I asked if I received the massage the groupon covered & was told yes. I said I didn't understand the issue then. Couldn't they scan my voucher & get their money like every other business that offers groupons? I was told it doesn't work this way. I have used groupon before & that is exactly how it worked.When I still asked why I couldn't use my groupon & the company still get their money, the employee said she wasn't able to reach the manager to ask if she could accept it. The employee did call the lady who took my appointment 6 weeks earlier & she said I never mentioned the groupon. Really? She remembers our conversation from amongst all the other appointments being made in the last 6 weeks? She said since I ran the half marathon I could get a 15% discount runners received & I could get a refund from groupon. She explained I would only be paying $7.50 more. Well since groupon only likes giving credit it is not like I will get a refund. I will have to buy more groupons & risk whether or not the business will accept it. So as of now i am out the cost of the massage plus $90.So despite this being a lovely spa, when i  am back in town I will patronize another location. If they don't like groupons they shouldn't offer them.
5	I just wanted to say that I have had my third facial with Amber and it just keeps getting better. Having problem skin, Amber has made how I view myself so so much better. My face just keeps getting more clear with each visit. Amber is an AMAZING and SKILLED person ! Once again I highly recommend Amber to all you men and women who want to look their  best ! Thank you again Amber !
5	There were a few Groupon deals and I debated which spa to checkout.  I called a couple places, and after talking to Alicia at Hibiscus, I decided to give them a try.  I'm so glad I did!  It is an absolute hidden gem!  Just a heads up tho.. It is located at the Westin hotel, a block or block and 1/2 off strip.  The hotel is a bit on the meh side (I prob wouldn't stay here), but as soon as u step into the spa lobby the environment completely changes.  Everything seems so fresh and new.  My Hibiscus Spa experience was excellent! Worth taking a short cab ride or a quick walk from the Linq area. Facility/Amenities - Looks, smells, and feels new.   They have a steam room, dry sauna, 4 shower stalls, 3 bathroom stalls, 3 sinks, and a small vanity area for 2 people.  I didn't checkout the outdoor pool/spa area so I can't comment on it, except that I saw some folks headed to a pool somewhere.  They have most of the typical spa toiletries available (except for hair bands), but if you don't see something (e.g. razors), just ask one of the attendants. They'll prob have it in their supply room.Massage- I got an awesome massage from Lynn. I usually get a massage twice a month and told her my specific needs. She knew exactly what I needed and was able to come thru exceptionally. I'll def ask for her again. Customer service- I had a few questions about the Groupon deal.  I wanted to make sure it was valid and they had time slots available for it.  Alicia was very knowledgeable, polite, helpful, and scheduled my appointment. She informed me that she wouldn't be here when I checked in but that Geneva would be here to take care of me. And when I checked in, Geneva was there, offered to hold my luggage in a secure place, and showed me to the locker room. I also ran into the Spa director, Rachel, who was very involved in helping replenish the water, toiletries, etc for the guests. She and I chatted a little bit and it was nice to see someone in management being so hands on and present. I def felt the customer service here.
5	OK OK ok.....so I had yet another facial with Amber.....and all I have to say is that if you don't request Amber  you need your head examined ! Having problem , skin my face just keeps getting better and better with each visit. She is amazing  at what she does ! On top of that she is one nice girl ..........all in all.......it's  not the Wynn nor the Bellagio. ....rather the Hibiscus spa and Amber are both hidden gems.......and as for the one review noting  poor customer service......that must have been a very very strange day because everyone  .......at every visit......has been great to me !
4	All the attendants and therapist were friendly and accommodating. The facilities were very clean and well kept. My only recommendation would be more supplies on hand like razors in the showers.
1	Worst service ever!!! Make a long story short, I tried to make a reservation for me and my wife. After 10 min waiting on the line for them to answer they told me we can only do massage one after the other, not the same time. On top of that they had only one day available in a time frame of two weeks which I accepted this as well. And finally after I booked the service I called to verify the same day and they told me I am not on their list for that day. Meaning I don't have any reservation. Wow I can't explain the frustration dealing with this spa.
