4	Very convenient.  Extremely close to home, cheap, and they do tire rotations.Mine's a little bit more expensive because I get the synthetic for my tuner, but you know how that goes.  It works... never have a problem.  And they don't hesitate to give me a coupon and stuff. :)
1	SLOPPY WORK.  I thought I had a leak after they changed the oil, but it was just oil underneath the filter that they chose not to clean.  I am guessing they probably figured nobody would notice if there was a little oil on the bottom, but there was enough to leak all over my driveway.  Take your business to some place that takes pride in their work. NOT HERE!!
3	This location is A-OK but I caution you that the employees and overall customer service has gone downhill over the years gone by plus they are RETARDED if they think I am paying $37.99 for an oil change.Although, I do appreciate my car being vaccumed and exterior windows being cleaned but that little extra is not worth $37.99.However, on Tuesdays, this location has a special the last time I was there 1-2 years ago for $24.99 oil change ( it probably has gone up ).I now take my vehicle to the BJ's Auto Spa at 51st Ave Bell Road and get an oil change and VIP car wash for $33 !Despite it all, I still trust Jiffy Lube and appreciate their most of the time quick service but they seriously need to lower their price.
1	Do not go to this place! They have thieves working here. Just got me Bluetooth jawbone taken from the cigarette box. I saw it before it went in. The manager acted like I misplaced it. Making a police report now.
4	I haven't been to Jiffy Lube in at least 10 years and was dreading it because I had visions of high pressure sales. This location was great. Very friendly and courteous staff with not too much pressure to buy add ons. I will definitely go here again.
1	When did Jiffy Lube become more than the dealer?   The only good thing about these guys was the fact that they warned me about the price of an oil change for my vehicle because it requires synthetic oil.$78. I pay 50 at the dealer. That is a 50% increase over the dealer.Basically, they've given me a reason to never ever and I mean ever use Jiffy Lube again.When I told him what I pay at the dealership, he just said okay, shrugged his shoulders and walked away like he could care less that he was losing the business.
