5	So it's summer right, and who wants to be pasty white in a bikini? Certainly not me. I'm probably only tan during the summer and white as a ghost the rest of the year. So wha-bam, i'm at Wells Fargo across from UNLV and I see Planet Beach. I go in there and it's member appreciation today so enrollment fees are half off (sa-weet!). I talked to a couple girls that asked me if I would like to enroll in a monthly membership and I said well, let me tan and see how well it turns out. So I go into a room that looks like every other tanning place and get my tan on. Boy did I get color later on that day. I enrolled in the membership for $50 a month for unlimited tanning in all the beds, which is a great price. For $49 more, you can do unlimited spa treatments as well but I chose not to do that. I've gone maybe about 4 or 5 times and have gotten a lot of color for that few sessions. I just got a handwritten thank you card from the managers which included 2 free spa treatments and a follow up call to ask how things are going. The customer service and the beds are spectacular. Highly recommended :)
4	Called for some info today, and that alone Earns this place 4 stars! Barbie, the receptionist, was so helpful and knowledgable! Not only did she know about their spa, but very informative about skincare in general. Friendly and welcoming. I'll def be going!
5	Hi! here from la, needed a quick good tan at a low price and did not want a membership at all. Christina the owner was considerate, fun and sweet concerning my needs. She's a great owner and puts all tghe "tanning snobs" to shame. Good tan for ten bucks, good salon, nice and very kept up, nice workers and Christina even gave me some free products just to have!! Very sweet girl and I will def go back when Im back in sin city!
1	I too was once a member of this location, but when the new management took over everything went downhill fast. The manager would often talk poorly of her staff and try to get me to invest in buying out the location from the owner (CRAZY since I know and like the owner) -- The customer service was poor, and the only girl there that knew what she was doing left it got so bad. I stopped going all together and moved my tanning package to another location. The services here were great, but the staff was rude, unreliable, and extremely unprofessional. Don't waste your money at this location - find a different Planet Beach to go to.
5	I went to the Henderson location with my mother and mother-in-law as a treat for Mother's Day and the front desk person was the sweetest thing ever! Her name is Ashley and made my experience so much better! The treatments that we all got were amazing it is a must do!!! Absolutely loved it and will be back so
