1	This review is written from the perspective of the egg donor:As a background, I'd like to note that I am an experienced donor and have worked with a few different egg donor agencies, so I know what standard egg donor requirements, protocol, and procedures are.  I applied to this agency through their web site, uploaded photos, etc.  I was accepted and a week later I received a packet of paperwork in the mail from TWEB, for me to sign and return.  Said packet consisted of the Egg Donor Information Sheet, Supplementary Questionnaire, Authorization to Release Medical Records, Egg Donor Agreement, and Travel Guidelines, and .  My issues lie with this last document.The travel guidelines, state that if travel is required for retrieval (which usually is) "TWEB will have a companion who will be designated by TWEB share your hotel room with you.  You will have separate beds.  Family and friends cannot be companions.  If they wish to accompany the donor, it will be at their cost with a separate hotel room."  This is absolutely absurd.  In past experience, EVERY OTHER agency that I have dealt with allows for a family member or friend of the donor to accompany the donor with all of their travel expenses paid for.  How do they expect a donor to feel comfortable sleeping in the same hotel room with some random stranger in a strange city (or foreign country).  This shows that they have absolutely no consideration or concern for the donor and raises a HUGE red flag.  I raised this issue with the "Donor Coordinator" who basically just said, "well that's our policy, we'll delete your application, good luck."So my recommendation is to NOT sign on with this agency.  Virtually ANY other agency out their will compensate you higher compensation, TWEB's compensation is $3,500-$5,000 per cycle, ANY other agency will compensate $5000-$10,000 per cycle, anything less than $5,000 is just insulting considering the time and effort that goes into these cycles, especially if you are an EXPERIENCED, PROVEN donor. and ANY other agency will look out for your best interest/ want you to feel comfortable.  ANY other agency will allow for you to bring a companion of your choice to the retrieval, reimburse you for more expenses, and allow a more generous "per diem" when you are traveling.  Don't waste your time here ladies.
5	I have been a registered donor with The World Egg Bank since 2012, and have completed 4 donor cycles with them. The women I have worked with at TWEB have always been extremely kind, considerate, appreciative and timely with me. Any questions I have ever had - from very general to very specific - were always addressed within a day (and usually within an hour or two). Many of the women on their staff have also been egg donors themselves, so it was wonderful being able to hear from women who were able to give me real-life answers, rather than "corporate" answers.I felt like TWEB was very conscious of my well-being, and I was always compensated immediately after I completed a donor cycle (Becky, my coordinator, always sent me a same-day email making sure that the donor procedure went alright and confirming that my check was in the mail). I had to travel to another state to complete my first donor cycle, and Becky was great about arranging my travel plans. The donor companion they sent me with was knowledgeable, sensitive and caring. In response to one woman's Yelp complaint that TWEB does not pay for a friend or relative to travel with the donor - While I can understand that having a friend/family member with you can provide a certain sense of ease and moral, I have to completely side with TWEB on their policy of providing an experienced donor companion. My companion was wonderful, and the fact that she had already been an experienced donor companion in the exact state/city/hospital that I had to travel to put me at ease. Traveling to another state to complete a donor procedure is not a "vacation", and thusly I much prefer to have an experienced individual with me over a friend. I would recommend The World Egg Bank to any woman thinking about becoming an egg donor. Giving back in such a personal way has been an incredibly rewarding experience, and TWEB was great every step of the way.
5	I am currently a registered donor with the World Egg Bank. I have just completed my cycle with them and can say that I could not be more pleased for the way they handled everything from my appointments to procedure. I am constantly on the go. I work, go to school, am married and have children. For my cycle the World Egg Bank worked entirely around my schedule. They allowed me to donate and not have to completely alter my life. All of the staff I have encountered through TWEB were incredibly nice, well informed and patient with any and all of my requests. TWEB provided me with a companion on the day of my procedure that was able to answer all of my questions and just be there if I needed anything. It was incredible thoughtful of TWEB to have such a kind, informed companion that was already set up, it too stress away from me. Not only did was my companion Mary Ann able to answer all of my questions, she also answered all of my husbands. I have a very protective and loving husband and though he was unable to come with me because he needed to be at home Mary Ann made herself available to him for him to call and check on me during my procedure and after. Not only did she make me feel comfortable she gave my husband a sense of peace in the situation. My main contact at TWEB was Becky. I can  not say enough kind things about Becky. I can be a demanding and needy donor. I had a lot of questions and was constantly wanting to know details and information. Becky never complained, she always has been patient and forthcoming with all of my requests. She always got back to me within 24 hours of any request. I live in Iowa, so for my procedure I had to fly down to Arizona. With the inclement weather my flights out were delayed. TWEB offices were closed the day I flew out, yet Becky answered her phone early in the morning and never once became frustrated or impatient with my constantly changing flight schedule. She called ahead and rearranged all my shuttle and transportation so when I finally landed in Arizona it was all ready for me. Then once I was down there they scheduled my procedure day a day earlier then planned, so Becky rescheduled my flight so I could be home a day sooner with my family. Never mentioning the change flight fees I am sure they incurred or the change of shuttle reservations, she just took care of them for me.TWEB made sure all of appointments were set up, they sent me my per Diem for my trip well before I left so that I was prepared and never had o use any of my personal funds. My reimbursement check after the procedure was given to me that day and was more the fair in terms of what should be given. I never had to worry about anything financially as they took care of it without me having to ask or worry about it.Donating and giving a piece of yourself to someone else you will probably never know is a very personal and rewarding experience. The World Egg Bank makes the experience that much more rewarding. Their staff is kind, patient and informative. They are in depth and organized. I never spoke to a computer or felt disconnected, I was made to feel a part of each step and included my family to take this journey with me. It has been wonderful and I look forward to donating again.The World Egg Bank is a part of a very new and upcoming process. They have definitely set the bar high for any other organization to follow.  They have a template that other egg donor organizations should follow.
1	I'm writing as a frozen egg donor recipient.  During my first call to World Egg Bank I was told they only worked with certain fertility clinics that had been trained on how to thaw and handle the frozen eggs,  I was given 3 clinic options in my area and chose Partners for Fertility & IVF.    I was told on the phone that World Egg Bank would guarantee that at least 60% of the eggs I purchased would survive the thaw or they would replace the 60% that did not survive.  World Egg bank refused to include this in their contract, the employee I spoke to wrote it in an email only.  This was a huge red flag but I desperately wanted to become pregnant and my emotions overcame logic. Only 1 very poor quality embryo was created form the 6 eggs I purchased. I contacted World Egg Bank to obtain replacements and was told then that they did not have confidence in the embryologist/lab technician at Partners IVF - they of course, referred me to this clinic in the first place!   WEB told me that while the embryologist was trained by them on how to thaw the oocytes correctly, he needed more training and they no longer thought he could do the thawing correctly.  Another excuse WEB gave was that the equipment in the lab was old or not calibrated correctly.  Why are they telling me this AFTER I've paid them and the physician about $35,000???  Panicked, I met with Dr. Rychlik @ Partners IVF and  Dr. Rychlik at assured me that he would have a  Ph.D Embryologist come in to oversee the thaw along with himself personally and it had to be the quality of the eggs supplied by WEB that was bad.  I was completely distraught as my worst fears were becoming reality.After many calls and emails, WEB agreed to replace 4 of the eggs but they declared voided any further guarantees since they did not trust the lab director - again, why did they not know this BEFORE I started down this road?  As far as I was concerned this had nothing to do with me and was a problem between WEB and Partners IVF.  I prayed while waiting for the results of the thaw of the 4 replacement eggs.  Not even one survived.   Once the doctor at Partners IVF told me this, I called WEB daily - sometimes twice -for 14 days in a row before they replied to me.  14 days of complete torture while they ignored me is not how you treat someone who has paid a huge amount of money . . .   some days I even called twice.  On the 15th day WEB's medical director sent me a curt email saying "too bad."  WEB rescinded their guarantee to replace 60%.  Partners IVF insists they did everything correctly and the eggs were 'bad' or not frozen correctly, and World blames Partners . . . and to throw salt on the wound the way World treated me was so terrible.  I made desperate pleas to the founder herself, but all my emails were completely ignored- one would think she might have some empathy considering she states on the website she had difficulty conceiving on her own.  At any rate, there are other egg banks to choose from and don't let your emotions take over - human egg donation is still unregulated and there is nowhere to turn if something bad like this happens- no government agency oversight whatsoever.
1	I find it interesting that you found the time to respond to my public posting so quickly, yet my personal pleas to you from months ago remain answered.  I called World Egg Bank 23 times over 14 days to try to discuss this matter with you or your medical director.  I sent messages through your website's "contact us" form requesting they be delivered to you personally.  Although you claim to be a proponent of transparency, there are no email addresses listed for you or other employees of World Egg Bank on your website.  In the end, all I received was a curt email from your medical director explaining you would no longer honor your contract with me.Your lengthy response and digression does not change the fact that World Egg Bank gave me a list of clinics to use when I decided to purchase frozen donor eggs from you.  I was told by your employee Penny M. that I had to use one of World Egg Bank's approved clinics, as they have been trained on the proper thawing procedure.  World Egg Bank advertises a guarantee to replace eggs when 60% do not survive the thawing procedure.  After the first batch of donor eggs I purchased from World Egg Bank had bad results your company chose to stop honoring this guarantee and not refund me any of the money I had paid.   World Egg Bank blamed the bad results on the clinic and the embryologist.  If, as you claim, there was a problem with the clinic you recommended and worked with, you should have told me that before I paid you a significant sum of money and had negative results.  Either the frozen donor eggs you supplied were defective or not frozen correctly, or there was something wrong with the clinic's thawing procedure - I may never know, since there is no independent oversight of World Egg Bank.This has been my personal experience dealing with World Egg Bank and my personal opinion is that World Egg Bank did not care about me, as a client, at all.  Since I have shared my personal opinion and experience on a number of fertility blogs I've been contacted by a reporter who is doing a story on navigating the unregulated and treacherous waters of frozen egg donation.  I can only hope the article will help others make more informed decisions.
1	For the cost of their fee and the little to no support that they provide, I would not recommend.  In addition, they seem to have had a personnel turnover issue as I have been passed from person to person.  Just not the quality you would expect for the fees that are charged.
