4	They do have a bar in the center of the place and TV's everywhere but..This is a great place to bring the kids for a meal.Service is good, food is great everytime. This location has just recently remodeled and now it looks more like a Sports bar.I had the Quesadilla Burger,Wifey had the Bruschetta Chicken Sandwich , Son had the Chicken Fingers with Brocolli and we all shared the Trio Appetizer platter with  mini burgers,chicken parmesan strips and a steak chimichanga.EVERYTHING was Excellent!!The only ding on this place was the Iced Tea was a little watered down for my taste. They do have a bar in the center of the place and TV's everywhere but..This is a great place to bring the kids for a meal.Service is good, food is great everytime. This location has just recently remodeled and now it looks more like a Sports bar.I had the Quesadilla Burger,Wifey had the Bruschetta Chicken Sandwich , Son had the Chicken Fingers with Brocolli and we all shared the Trio Appetizer platter with  mini burgers,chicken parmesan strips and a steak chimichanga.EVERYTHING was Excellent!!The only ding on this place was the Iced Tea was a little watered down for my taste. Yeah it's a chain store but it's CHEAp $40 for 3 people w/appetizerBut its consistently good. Give it a try.
2	We got quickly seated and a server ordered our drinks. So far so good. When the drink came, I was disgusted to see my straw without the paper. I am pretty cautious when it comes to my food and that didn't seem very cool to me. I don't know if the server may possibly have placed her hands all over my straw where my mouth is going to go or what. I asked for a additional straw when the server went by, and she gave me such a confused look, like why I needed another straw. She came back with the straw in her hand lacking the paper again and a napkin wrapped around one end of it. I couldn't believe it.. I just set it on the table and forgot about even drinking my beverage. Perchance the straws come without paper on them, but they really have to change that because it isn't going to bring me back just on account of that. They had great deals on food and was just in my price range. The pasta I had, held no favor. I had to drench it with salt and that really didn't work any. It just wasn't a good meal, and I didn't even finish have of it.  I was thirsty and just desired to go grab a bottle of water somewhere. The server seen I didn't touch my beverage and didn't charge me for it. That was much appreciated
4	Eatin good in the neighborhood. They have totally remodeled this whole building and the place looks great now. applebees is the best place to go to just for a quick bite to eat, if you wanna eat cheap and good this is it.
2	just the same as any other? haha.. is kept clean.. service is usully friendly when we come and sit down to eat.. it's never a long wait for our food.. and the waiters are on top of refilling drinks and asking If everything's alright w/out being overbearing..  they also know their menus which is great because i hate when you ask what something on the menu consists of and getting an "idk.. i can ask."  answer.I only give them 3 stars because of an incident when I ordered curbside.  I made an online order for pickup and sent my son inside to grab the food  [being I was not presentable to the public: hence the ordering curbside] but when we get there... no ones in the curbside pick up room.so he  sits in that little room waiting for someone to come [which mind u is visible by the bartenders at the bar]  5 min. pass and still no one comes.  so I honk and tell him to go to the front and to tell them that he's there to pick up an order.. so he comes and out and tells me that they said they were sending someone back.  waiting.. waiting....... waiting.so I finally get out [pajamas and uncombed hair and all..] and have to tell the bartender that my son had been sitting in the -to go curbside pick up- room for 15 minutes waiting for someone to come back and give us our order.. he was very apologetic and called the lady who was supposed to be there.. to which I grabbed my food and let her know why her ass wasn't getting a tip...  if you know you have ppl picking up food........  have someone there.   food doesn't stay warm forever.so anyway: my faves:  the quesadilla explosion salad.. and the trio thing they offer.  it's the best way to get a little bit of everything when you don't really know what you want.  ps:  the mini deserts in the cups.. the red velvet stuff.. yum.
3	Applebee's is usually good for reasonably priced, decent tasting food. My experience at this particular Applebee's wasn't horrible but also wasn't anything that would make me want to go back. Our party of three was seated quickly but service got fairly slow after that. Our waitress brought out wrong type of beer for one of the people with me, took a while to bring out the correct one and then took ages to bring extra napkins.I had a lunch special that included half of a sandwich and a small salad. I had the shrimp and spinach salad which was excellent. The sandwich I went with was the California turkey club. The lettuce tasted sour, I had to pick it all off... And the bread was greasier then I would have preferred.The sangria was damn tasty but could have used more fruit.
4	-- VETERAN'S DAY DINNER --This is the first time i've been to Applebee's in....a whileMy buddies go every year for Vets day for the free dinner. This is the first i've gone with them. My mentality with free stuff especially meals from establishments is that they cut corners to damage control giving away inventory. Very surprised with the 7oz sirloin steak dinners. The veggies were horribly distributed. I was swimming in carrots while my buddy had two.The potatoes were average. There wasnt anything bad about them but then there was nothing good about them either. The portion size could count as a good thing but more of mediocre is still pretty mediocre.The steak is what surprised me the most. For such a small piece of meat it had a lot of quality. Each bite was juicy from start to finish. Grilled medium rare so from start to finish and had that lively smokey flavor fresh from the grill.They cut corners from the sides but wow the steak was awesome.
5	I have wanted to try Applebees for a while now, and finally had the chance to earlier this week. The service here was great! Our server was friendly, energetic and very funny. Her name was Lori, but she told us, "just call me Grandma." LOL! She made good suggestions, pointed out the popular menu items, and talked to us like we were family. You gotta love servers who are entertaining and likes to make their guests feel comfortable!My husband and I both ordered the Sizzling Smokehouse Chicken Stack. It was grilled chicken with ham, bacon, and cheese, a serving of cheesy corn with bacon, and two corn cakes. Yum!! We both enjoyed it. The corn cakes were actually very thin, but they were still pretty good. We also shared a Triple Chocolate Meltdown for dessert. Can't say anything bad about chocolate cake and vanilla ice cream! The prices were reasonable as well. I would definitely come back again! I think the only thing I did not like was that they played a Justin Bieber song, hahaha. (Sorry, no offense to anyone). I hope that the other servers are just as awesome as Lori was!
3	We went here last night, something we do about twice a year.  I've generally been pleased with the food I get and that stayed the same last night. I started with a cup of the broccoli and cheese soup.  It was very thick and very tasty.For the main course, I had their new Sizzling Cajun Steak and Shrimp.  It was a 7 ounce steak topped with blackened shrimp and Cajun gumbo.  The rub on the steak gave it some zing and the gumbo had some spiciness too.  The shrimp were not blackened, but they were good.  As for the gumbo, it was very tasty but I would have liked to have more than one piece of okra.Service was very good.  Arnold, our server, was quick and coming to the table to take our order, and he was on top of iced tea refills.  My only complaint was when the music was turned on, it was terribly loud, making a conversation impossible.  I had to almost yell to be heard just across the table.
4	Good food, the  menu has changed, and they have some items that are more carb friendly, you make the right selections and you have a pretty good meal. Prices are reasonable, and the service is good.  I got the steak and shrimp combo with fresh veggies, double portion, no starch.  The steak was cooked to my liking and overall a good meal.  Our tea refills came quickly, if only they have a no sugar added desert!
3	I'm not a fan of Applebee's. I try hard not to be a chain snob, but Applebee's always ends up being one of my least favorite chain restaurants. So when I was forced to come here for dinner, I was less than excited, but I tried to be a good sport. The service was nice and friendly, which is always a good start. The food is just ok, the same as every other Applebee's I've ever been to, so not much to say there. Our server was attentive and always kept our drinks filled and made sure we didn't need anything. That was the best part of our experience here. They do have a lot of inexpensive specials and sitting in the bar area, it can be a great place to watch a game and have a drink if you're in the area.
3	My boyfriend and I were hungry and wanted a sit down place to relax, eat and get out of the heat for a bit. He suggested Applebee's so off we were to get some grub. I have not been to an Applebee's in a very very long time.We ordered the two for twenty deal, I got the Fiesta chicken and he ordered the cajun shrimp and chicken dish which includes one appetizer to share so we went with the mild buffalo wings (boneless) with ranch.The meal was good and the service was pleasant as we had a sweet waitress who called us kids, I thought it was cute. I probably won't step foot into Applebee's for another year or so.
4	Great location! I've been coming to this location since it was built. Two nights in a row now!! Applebee's, Sweet n' Spicy Ribs, Onion Rings, n' Chili Nachos. Yessss :)
4	The dessert drink are really good with the chocolate melt down chocolate for under 15 dollar, really what else can u ask for? Lol
4	I love Happy Hour! The staff is always super friendly, the food is hot and fresh, the happy hour prices can't be beat. The Potato Twisters are my absolute favorite. Every time I'm here, the staff is always eager to get me anything I need. I'll be back, many, many times over.
4	Yelp 100 Challenge * 9/100I treated my mom here on Tuesday to lunch as part of our Tuesday-Mother-And-Daughter-Day-Out (Papa fell prey to the flu, unfortunately enough). She was open to checking the place out since I told her about its all-American atmosphere - country music, can't beat that! - and $20 lunch specials. As soon as we got there, we were seated at a booth and Debbie, our server cheerfully took our drink orders in no time while we flipped through the menu. The last time my father and I came here, we ordered the 2 for $20 lunch with spinach and artichoke dip for appetizers and 2 entrees - Bourbon Street Chicken & Shrimp as well as the 7 oz. house sirloin (we're pretty dedicated carnivores as you might see) with unlimited tortilla chip refills! However, my mom and I, trying as we may to watch our diet, opted for something healthier. She eagerly narrowed her focus down to the $7.99 lunch combo deal with a choice of half a club sandwich paired with french onion soup. I, on the other hand, got the creamy parmesan chicken served with steamed spinach with mushroom rice pilaf. It was delish, so much so, that along the way, my mom asked for a slice at my chicken, then another one, then another one until she noticed all the barbecue sauce and bacon oozing out of her sandwich that she decided she wanted what I had. I willingly took in her remaining sandwich in exchange for handing her my dish. Debbie then came round looking all shocked and smiled 'Looks like we had a change in minds did we?' And we weren't done yet. My sweet-tooth was a-callin' for a brownie bite (served with a scoop of vanilla ice-cream) and we both shared it to our tummies' contentment. That was only an additional $1.49 by the way! Try it out folks!
1	This location sucks! I had the worst lunch day ever....so here goes my rant..Its 1 pm i have to be back at work by 230 ...sooooo.. we never  (when i say never i mean in the last two years of working ten to twelve hour days we have NEVER gone out to lunch ha ha im lucky if i get a break!)  never leave so i see this golden oppourtunity to be the business owner evryone thinks ....u know that weird dream everyone has about small business owners are rich and do what they want ..haha...so i go to outback they dont open til 4, i go to a llittle mexican place that went out of business, (its now 130) so we say applebees is right here so we go in were seated at our table where we see several customers getting pissed! well after 20 mins of sitting without our presence be acknowleged i see why...come on people a simple sorry ill be with u in a minute or hi were having problems can i get u some water, or sh*t even sorry i cant get u water im too overwhelmed woudve been nice ...but no just nothing so we left its now 150 needless to say i went to applebees in boca park and pretty much got my order and boxed it with no time to eat thanks for ruining my one lunch dream!
4	Thu/2 May about 6:45 pm had dinner here with 6 other people:- Service was excellent and everyone in my group enjoyed their meal.- We went with mostly the "2 for $20 Menu" which includes 1 appetizer + 2 entrees.  For appetizer it was the Spinach & Artichoke Dip which also included some salsa and when we were low on chips we asked the server to bring us some and she hooked us up.  For entrees my seatmate (she sat next to me) had the Applebee's Riblet Basket and I had the 7 oz House Sirloin.  A couple of people had dessert (it looked to be the Oreo Shooter and a Chocolate Mousse Cake).- It was one friend's birthday and when I mentioned it to the server she orchestrated the whole Appleebee happy birthday thing where the staff comes out with a free dessert item for the birthday person.
5	Food , service all very good. And the free wifi very cool.
4	I never used to care for Applebee's. In Ohio, we have a similar chain called O'Charleys. They have about the same food but they also have AMAZING Rolls. I have finally come to terms with the fact that Applebee's isn't going to add similar rolls to their tables and I have actually started dining here. I have been to this particular Applebees probably 20 times within the last few years. I have recently started coming after 9pm for their reverse happy hour and on Sundays for their football happy hour. The Staff: I normally sit at the bar so I can watch the games. The staff is always willing to chat and they are very friendly. The Weight Watchers Meals: Occasionally, I watch what I eat. I have found their nutrition menu very easy to read. The Food quality: Surprisingly consistent and good. The Prices: I rarely leave with a tab larger than $20 for two peopleThe Drinks: Decent Margaritas and liquor variety.
1	Let me start off by saying...this was our second time going to this AppleBees...so in all fairness, this isnt a one time issue...as I start...It had to be valentines night...we walk in and asked to be seated. The girl at the front says the wait is 5 minutes long. On a night like valentines, thats a really good wait time. So, me and my wife waited to be seated. It took around 10 mins to be seated. We sit down and order drinks, as most resturants do. Our waitress name is Jessica C by the way. We look over the menu and decide we want an appietiser and two meals. So, she comes back and we order all it at one time. No issue there and sounds as though it might be a really prompt meal.A few minutes go by and we do get our appitiser first. I didnt realize that BBQ sauce came with it...no worries, we will just order/ask for ranch. To get Jessica's attention was near impossible. We finally do and i asked her for ranch sauce. No problem she said and we along her way. As we are enjoying what we can of our food, she comes back with other drinks for another guest, well i assumed that the ranch would be on this tray, but no. She gives other people their drinks and continues to take orders. By this time I getting a little heated, we are almost done with our appitiser and no ranch sauce. Again, to get her attention near impossible.. Just so happens when our main dish comes out we ask the cook for ranch and bingo in less than a minute we get it...he even asked if we wanted a little extra...So, continue our meal...pretty pissed now. And no attention from Jessica C at all. After around 20 minutes or so I do get her attention and asked her for refills on our drinks. And yes i did mention that we got our ranch sauce already. No apology no nothing. This takes forever as well. I finally had to get the bussers attention and ask her for refills. Around 5 mins later Jessica C had our refills at our table...she blamed new customers on her delays. What she doesnt realize is that i watched her the entire time mess with that stupid computer. After a few more minutes we decided we wanted to go and asked for our check. Oh Boy that was at our table in less than a minute. I payed her for the meals and didnt leave a tip...heck no...a tip is a thank you for great service...didnt happen! Even when we left the girls at the front didnt even say thank you for coming and visiting...WE NEVER PLAN TO EVER VISIT AGAIN!!
1	Not impressed. After waiting ten minutes for drinks twenty minutes to have our order taken and an hour for food we found out they were out of baked potatoes. This disappointment, long wait, and disorganization led to us being quite annoyed. After voicing our annoyance to the manager we received nonstop glares from our server. While we enjoy Applebee's we won't be returning to this particular franchise.
1	Something always seems to be wrong here. Staff running around with obviously no idea what's going on, drinks are poured very light, they skimp on portion sizes. The old people who are moderately capable of performing their jobs are the Bartenders. I don't ever appreciate hearing staff discuss "drama" out in the dining are. He's a tip from a good and beverage manager - save the negativity for your break room, your guests don't want to hear about how one table complains too much or how to got "stiffed" from table 65. I won't be coming back here or recommending this location to anyone. Get it together guys.
2	I generally enjoy Applebees.   Seating was prompt and friendly.  The food was average.  My Chicken Freshcado, so named for the fresh ingredients, was reported to include avacado.  I found one quarter inch cube of avacado in the salsa on top of the indifferently grilled chicken.  The Three Cheese Penne did, indeed, have three cheeses.  We counted the little piles of cheese grated on top.Our server, Deborah, seemed like she wanted to be elsewhere.  I sort of wished she had been.  While not quite surley, she was not a happy camper.  What really stood out though was that she had her fingers IN  our food dishes.  Every dish I saw her touch, not just at my table, had her fingers touching parts people might eat off of.  The water pitcher was no exception.  She had her thumb inside that as well.If you are concerned about germs, choose a different restaurant.On the plus side, the Strawberry Quencher Lemonade was Great!
3	I'll admit, I don't like super-chain "grills"; I feel like the menu is too broad for them to serve decent food that isn't super greasy and overly salty. Applebee's wasn't my first choice for lunch today, but I went along with it anyway and was pleasantly surprised that I actually enjoyed my dish. It would have been a 4-star experience before I tried the items on the sampler plate that my date ordered. I ordered the Margarita Queso Chicken and Green Goddess Wedge Salad off the take two menu. Other than the little bit of browning on the lettuce (hey, we're at Applebee's) it was really good. Still crisp, and the bacon and pecans added a good crunch. It was served with an avocado ranch that was decent, if I go again, I'd order it with a vinaigrette. My first few bites of the chicken really let me down, the thin edges were way burnt and just covered in cheese, but as I got to the meatier sections, it ended up being a juicy and pretty flavorful piece of chicken. The Spanish-style rice it was served on was good too. I finished the entire plate.My guy got the tomato basil soup, which was surprisingly tasty- it had croutons and a sprinkling of parmesan cheese on top. I would consider ordering it when I come again. I was not a fan of the rest of his meal, the trio appetizer plate; the boneless chicken wings weren't a good flavor, and the meat in the quesadilla towers were questionable. I didn't try the mozzarella sticks or the fries he ordered on the side, but they looked standard. Service wasn't spectacular in any way, but it certainly wasn't bad. I would probably be a little less hesitant to visit Applebee's again in the future.
4	Usually get the oriental chicken salad with fried chciken but decided to go with grilled chicken. Just as good if not better. Healthuer too. Friendly service as well.
4	Came here tonight with the Gson. Got seated exactly where I wanted to sit, like the boy read my mind lol. It was a booth in the bar section. The bright busy decor had me mesmerized. I had a number of Flat screen tv's to chose from, I picked a spot perfect to watch the Men's FIBA. My Gson was mad for some "meat" he said thats all he wanted. He was able to chose his entree, side & drink from a multiple choice option list. It was awesome. I am a vegetarian and I have to say it's slim pickings but I luv APPLEBEES. I got the Spinach/Artichoke Dip & Cheese Quesadilla, too much dairy for me but it was GREAT!!! Gracie was our server very pleasant & accommodating. And she even called me "Miss"  I would have given 5 stars, no vegetarian or vegan options.
5	I give it 5 stars because of the amazing service. Our waiters name was Hugo. He was so polite and quick. The food was amazing and came out fast.
