2	Slow as a slug, and they usually eff up my order but its ok.I continue to go here for sweet teas with lemon, and when I order food they usually forget something Im ok with that. This place has a horribly small through lane if you dont wanna go through th drive thru, SO BEWARE!! We also go here bc they have my sons Mcdonalds night so we go and eat out little ice cream with fries and enjoy the AC.The drive through is SOOO SLOW and the workers are usually rude but what do you expect? They hate their job, but please dont forget my lemon in my sweet tea!Cheap fatty food, but if youre in a semi rush or dont wanna cook go for it bro!
3	Its a McDonalds, clean but staff is young and immature.
1	Want a quick water cus its 108 outside? Sure. Tap water $1.00 didnt want to pay for tap water just a cup? .64 cents for a water cup.
3	12:30pm:  The woman who took my order was pleasant enough.  The manager-type who put out my order seemed harried.  Not sure who was responsible but I had to ask for my drinks.  It was the rush hour so I'll give them a break, although I did notice the pick-up counter was getting backed up with people waiting for corrections.2:00pm:  I ordered a sundae for me and a shake for my son.  The man who took my order was very pleasant.  Although  it was not busy at this point, the manager-type still seemed harried and flustered.  I saw her make the shake and then disappear.  The young man who brought out the sundae had to go looking for the shake and found it at the drive-thru window.The good parts:  the Playland space was clean and the wifi worked.  Oh yeah, and it was cheap.  The ice cream was very good.It just bums me out that I could have gone to In-N-Out, where they always get my order right and they are friendly and efficient.  If it wasn't for Playland, I wouldn't go here.
2	The second star us just cause it's mostly clean. No one behind the counter has a clue. I asked if they had any pies besides apple. She said cherry, so I ordered two. Then when they handed me the order they said they only had apple. Got my money back. They told us four times they don't gave vanilla, just sugar free, so when I reminded them about the extra shit they argued, because it wasn't on the receipt. I told them I had ordered it, then they said they didn't put it in because they don't have vanilla. I had to point out that I ordered sugar free. Four other people left upset while we were eating. Bad service, all the way around.
3	Been awhile since we've been at a McDonald's,  but the sausage biscuit with egg and breakfast burrito tastes consistently good. Service was okay.  Love the iced coffee with hazel nut.
1	HUGE MOTH IN MY SOUTHWEST SALAD!!! I always order salad and iced coffee from here. But after today never again! I bought salad from there on my way to work. When i was almost finished with it i saw a fat nasty dead moth in there.. I ran to the bathroom and puked! I went back and all the girl did was refunded my money and gave me corporates number to call them she said there was nothing that she could do... Now in afraid ill get sick!! Im never eating there or any mcdonalds again!
2	This is not a great McDonalds. Thats saying something.To be honest, when I go to McDonald's I am really going for one reason: sweet and sour sauce. Its tangy, its sweet, it clearly has heroin in it because when I don't eat it for a few days I start feeling like bugs are crawling under my skin. Everything I get there is just a delivery vehicle to get the SSS (sweet and sour sauce) into my mouth since apparently you high society types frown upon me using a spoon or straw. This means generally I am getting a lot of of chicken nuggets or fries, though I'm not above putting some SSS on a mcflurry...The major problem I have with this place is that despite me saying I will pay extra for SSS and them charging me for extra sauce packets they basically never give me the desired number of sauces. I get you don't want to give away huge numbers of sauces anymore cause neoliberalism but... come on give up that sweet golden brown goodness. Chicken nuggets at this place have been pretty consistently bad- not super hot, not super crispy, all around meh. Lastly, this McDs is slooooooooooooow. The drive through line is frequently quite long and slow moving which is terrible for a fast food restaurant.Luckily between work and home there are 3 McDonalds on a 10 minute drive- America.
1	2215.  About quarter-after-ten of the p.m.  Running a bit late on my way to work, so stop by the McDingle's closest to the Nest to put a snack in my mouth to accompany the pharmaceuticals that say "take with food."  I pull into the drive-thru line, and about fifteen seconds later, I hear a burst of static.  About five seconds after that, I hear, "Hello?"  Now, I'm thinking, *I did NOT just hear that.*  I know they hire youngsters here, and they have to train even the slightest shred of professionalism into them, but this reaches an all-time low.That mental conversation took about five seconds, after which I heard "Hello, are you ready to order?"  Again, no "thank you for choosing McDonalds" or anything like that.  I said, "No thank you, not today," and drove off, rolling my window up.As I said,  this is the outlet closest to my home, and I've been in there many times in the year-and-a-half I've been in my home.  Never anything to write home about in either direction ... nothing outstandingly good, or outstandingly bad.  This, however, is the proverbial last straw.  I guess I will start packing a brown-bag every day before I go to sleep to make sure I have that small amount of food that my pills require.  It will probably be cheaper and healthier in the long run anyway.  As the younger generation might say, "Good-bye, McFail."
