3	Ah, Rose St. Where the streets are thronged with revellers. Stag do revellers. Of course, by revellers I mean people you never, ever want to talk to. People just 'having a great time'. "Don't you stop me having a great time, I'm just having a great time." "I love fun". Etc. etc. etc. You know the type.With just about the most common name in the history of pubs (surely in the top 5 anyway), the Rose & Crown is a pub. Yep, that's it. It's a pub. There really is no more to say about it. It serves some different beers, some pub grub all at Rose St. prices. It's OK if you're on a pub crawl in this area I guess. I wouldn't make the trip though, it's the same as every other pub. Oh, and it's always full of people having a 'great time'. Idiots.
4	In an area of Edinburgh which is packed full of pubs - the Rose and Crown is pretty non-descript. To be honest, with the plethora of walkby trade here it does not need to do more. Reasonable selection of ales and lager - but not extensive. Standard range of Malts. Had the food, it was filling and reasonable. A main course and a pint roughly a tenner. For the city centre it could be a lot worse. Service a little slow but then we did arrive when the crowds had started to build and we were in no hurry. Would I go back - possibly. But you do have some stunners up and down Rose Street  that have real history and not fake Tudor portraits on the wall. So probably not. But if you find yourself here - you will do fine.
2	I don't know if my feeling towards the Rose & Crown is partially coloured by the fact that I'm really not the biggest Rose St fan, or if it's because the pub's just a bit... well, meh.It serves beer and has places to sit and is all around inoffensive.  That's pretty much all I can say about it.  I seem to recall it seemed dirty as well, but maybe that was just the vibe from the clientele?  I have no idea why I've been here more than once, but it is never my choosing.  If you want a proper pub, you would probably be best to stay away from Rose St all together, but if you must come to this part of town, there are practically dozens of other places you could choose from and have a more enjoyable time than in the Rose & Crown.
3	Stopped in for lunch on a cold, wet afternnon but when is it not in Edinburgh?  It was completely empty but this area was packed full of pubs and they were not packed either.  The bartender was friendly, and my pint of delicious felt so good.The cod and chips, the cod tasted battered and cooked really well for a standard pub, but I am an American.  The chips were standard, everything would have being good except the condiments came in small packets rather than bottles, and they were low on malted vinegar. Packets for condiments??
