2	==Cold Stone Creamery New Hire Questionnaire==Below are a series of scenarios that you are likely to encounter while working at Cold Stone Creamery. Please answer with what you feel is the best and most appropriate response. 1) Customer A and Customer B are waiting in line. While Customer B has already given you their order, Customer A hasn't decided yet, and asks for a sample. Then another. Five minutes pass, and they are still asking for samples. Customer B is becoming impatient. What do you do?A. Ring up Customer B's order while Customer A decides.B. Suggest that Customer A either decide on a flavor or wait outside of the line until they do.C. Keep giving Customer A samples until they decide. If Customer B wanted their ice cream so bad, they would've come earlier.2. A customer asks for an unusual mix-in for their ice cream (i.e. cake batter with gummi bears). Though you personally would not eat such a combination, the customer is very adamant about it. Do you:A. Just make the order and move on; to each their own.B. Ask the customer if they've tried it before to make sure you heard them right.C.  Proceed to try and talk them out of their decision. If this fails, simply pretend to include the aforementioned mix-in but instead switch it with another, more practical topping. You're the ice cream expert.3. A customer has run off with the tip jar containing some spare change less than five dollars. It's a Friday night, and there is a constant stream of movie theater patrons coming in and out of the store. Do you:A. Call the complex security or the police and report the incident, maintaining the flow of business. B. Just set up another tip jar where the old one was. It's a Friday night. You'll easily make all that back.C. Tell the remaining customers that you're closed, force them out of the store (use expletives if necessary). Run to the movie theater security and ask them to help you find the culprit. Don't forget to interrogate the remaining customers. One of them knew who did it.4. A customer says that they offered a chocolate-covered waffle cone, but instead got a plain one. How do you fix the situation?A. Take their ice cream and gently dump it into a chocolate cone.B. Bring them a new chocolate dipped cone so they can make the change themselves.C. They're liars trying to get a free upgrade. Teach them a lesson by drizzling chocolate sauce all over their cone and hands.There's no need to check the answers. The correct answer to each one is C. If you selected A or B for any of the questions, you may not be Cold Stone Creamery material. Perhaps Dairy Queen will hire you, stupid.If you got the test right, ask the hiring manager for your apron and start learning the lyrics to those tip songs, you're in the business of frozen treats! Get ready to scoop up some fun!
1	I went here on a Saturday afternoon to get a waffle cone and some ice cream. Order some vanilla with some chocolate chips mixed in with a waffle cone. The guy starts putting it in a waffle bowl...I'm like hey...I wanted a waffle cone. He says ..well we dont have any. What? Why? Can you make some? I will wait. No he says ...the bowl is the same price. Fine !! The bowl was stale and I was pissed....shame on you Cold Stone !!!
4	I went there this afternoon to get gift certificates, but when walking in and smelling the waffles I added a like it to the list.  The employee was so so NICE.  He was helping two other customers, and shouted HELLO when I walked in.  I greeted him back.  The two customers was waiting for him to finish their order.  Customer #1 was easy, Customer #2 she was can I have this and that.  She was pretty difficult, but the employee was nice to her still.  When it was my turn, he was so friendly and chatting.  He was fast in getting the order done.  Love it... Fast, Done, and Right!
4	When you don't always feel like eating yogurt and crave the rich flavor of real ice cream, Cold Stone hits the spot.  Even the smallest bowl is enough to satiate my sweet tooth, because all of their ice creams are really rich.  I've gotten to know most of the employees and they're good people.  If you're waiting in line too long, ask for the owner's phone number.  It's not the employee's fault the owner wants to cut back on people working.
1	I went to te restroom befor I ordered and it was GROSS!!! Who knows how they keep eerything else so I walked out!!! Nasty!!!
1	This place is ridiculous!! $12.47 for a chocolate kiddie cone and a chocolate waffle cone and each had small scoops of some kind of apple pie ice cream. Keep in mind they won't tell you that you have to pay extra for the apples. Long story short.. Cold Stone blows!!
2	Ice cream is good but service is terrible!!  Well, not terrible but REALLY SLOW.  We must have gotten there during a movie rush or something but there were about 10 people ahead of us.  Wait time is expected but I'm pretty sure we wait for like 30 minutes.  They had 3 employees there who could've been helping with customers.  Instead, one employee was making waffle cups ... and there were at least 50 waffle cups sitting around waiting to get gobbled up.  Maybe she was a newbie but nonetheless, pretty annoying.The tables were super sticky, too.  More so than most ice cream places I've ben to.  Really big disappointment.  Only come here when there are not many customers around 'cuz you'll be waiting a while.
1	Customer service needs improvement. Chairs and tables were stacked in the corner at 8 pm when they close at 10. Didn't bother to set them up for customers. There was a line eventho 3 employees were standing behind the counter talking. Once I finally ordered the employee kept rolling her eyes at my son who is 3 because he was having a hard time making a decision. I finallyOrdered. Took about 5 minutes to get my ice cream. Which was good because I had to go set up my table and chairs for me and my kid to enjoy our ice cream. Plenty other people complaining. Also they closed the door closest to the theater at 9 so people would stop coming in. Store wasn't closed yet but people would try to open the door and then leave. My son had to use the restroom and it was out of order. Asked where I could go and was told there's plenty places outside. Threw everything away and left. Not good!
1	Worst service ever.  I've never had any issue with getting a hot fudge with a love it... even when i go to corporate in scottsdale they do it with no problem.  Tables were dirty, one of the staff didn't know how to make several things. They don't follow a lot of things other cold stones follow like no military discount. Side conversations about customers when they dispute a problem. Stock items on counters where food is.
3	I wanted some ice cream yesterday and didn't feel like driving 15 miles to Scooptacular, so I figured Coldstone would do the trick. I strongly dislike parking here because it's right next to the Harkins movie theater so the parking lot is always full. And there's pretty much always a line, although they were properly staffed for once so the line moved swiftly. I noticed some of the waffle bowls were burnt, but I wasn't getting one so it didn't really bother me. I got a Like It with strawberry ice cream, cheesecake bites, and strawberries. It was fine, but nothing special. I had some of my boyfriend's pumpkin ice cream with whipped cream on top. Now THAT was good! I want some more of that. Maybe with some graham cracker crumbs mixed in... Mmmm Mmm!
