5	I had an AMAZING dinner at Ratcliffe on the Green with my gf's parents.  None of us had been there before, and we were seated in the middle of this grand room with amazing architectural and design details.  The waiter does take some time to tell you all about the building and the restaurant, but I thought it was cool to learn about a place with a history in Charlotte; most things uptown seem brand new.  This place certainly does not try to be trendy like the other upscale restaurants in the area -- it prides itself on old-school tradition and fresh amazing food. Our group did the five course tasting menu with accompanying wine selections.  All but one dish was out of this world.  The crab cake was the best crab cake I've ever had in my life and the salmon melted in my mouth.  There was a mushroom pasta dish that was good, but not on par with the rest of the meal, but then again, I'm a guy that always wants tomato sauce on my pasta.  Each wine was amazing (we did the lower priced wines) and suited the food very well.  We all left full and happy.If you have a special occasion coming up - anniversary, birthday, new job, etc., this is the perfect place to go for a memorable evening.  Try the tasting menu....or just get the crab cakes, that's what I'll be doing next time.
4	I never noticed this restaurant until it appeared in Southern Living as part of a gastronomical tour of Charlotte article. On the outside it doesn't look like much of anything. On the inside it is beautiful. Don't take my word for it, go! Food is definitely expensive, but worth it. Delicious. Servers are totally friendly and will go into the history of the place. If I am not mistaken, everything is farm fresh and their menu changes often. I am not an architecture person at all but I really enjoyed being in here for some reason. Dinner here made me happy!
5	Simply lovely. A lot has changed since the other reviewers ate here.1) No more tasting menu - I was dissapointed as this is why I went (and its still mentioned on the web site)2) They don't seem to be emphasizing local sourcing - on the menu there was only the mention of some local eggs for the creme brulee dessert3) Focus on lower priced dishes - I was apprehensive at the prices, they are amazingly lowIn any case - dinner was delightful. Our overly friendly waiter which the rest of the table loved, did an overall great job. Everyone at the table was delighted at all the food we ordered - and we did the full on meal. From appetizers to soup to entree including sides and desserts. The waiter also recommended are a resonably priced ($50/bottle) that was excellent.And yes, the room itself is very charming and when we sat down I asked the host about the place and he told us all about the history of the space.At about 8pm on a rainy Thursday night it was just us and two other tables. I hope they get more business since this is a great independent restaurant that deserves to thrive.
3	Work related trip brought me to Charlotte a few weeks ago.  With a little research I landed on the Ratcliffe On the Green and made reservations for me and my traveling companions.  We went on a Tuesday night, and it was pretty dead, so I don't think reservations were that important.  The food and service is very good here, but beware that previous reviews are based on the old Ratcliffe.  The place has changed its menu, its still "locally grown cuisine", but no longer with a Southern theme, rather it's now French.  I was told the change was made in hopes of attracting more people since business had dropped with the downturn in the economy.  I was disappointed, since I was hoping for a healthy theme on a Southern cooking.  I will say the food was prepared very well, and the wait staff was very helpful and patient with us...we were really disappointed that the menu had changed and even considered leaving.  Our server spoke with the Chef and they were able to work out special requests from several at our table.  I ended up with the Grilled NC Mountain Trout with pecan butter (fairly Southern, and yummy), and everyone else ended up with a steak off the Chef's tasting menu that was paired with a chocolate sauce.  I did get a bite of steak and it was delicious.  They also have a great wine selection by the glass and it is a comfortable setting, even romantic given the right company.  I'm still disappointed I didn't get my "tourist experience," but I know where to go if I want a good meal in Uptown Charlotte, Ratcliffe on the Green.
1	I came to Charlotte for a business conference and was so excited about going to Ratcliffe for dinner - I'd heard great things.  I am a vegetarian and was pleasant surprised when I received a confirmation call for my reservation where the woman asked if there were any vegetarians in the group.  I said yes, and she said they would be happy to cater the menu however I wished....which is why it was so sorely disappointing when I got to the restaurant and the waitress said they could only offer me grits, veggies or mac & cheese.  I said I'd be fine with a plate of grits with veggies, plus a side of mac & cheese.  Then 30 minutes later a different waiter brings out just a plate of vegetables for me.  I asked if there was anything beneath the veggies (thought they could possibly be covering the grits/mac&cheese) and the waiter very rudely said "does that look like grits to you?  I told him what i'd ordered and said he had no idea what I ordered and marched off.  Then the waitress came back completely shocked and annoyed, saying she thought i'd wanted veggies...blah blah.  Eventually they brought me something but they were just sooo rude.  It was my first time being treated like that in an "upscale" restaurant.THEN, the host came out and asked what was wrong and all he could say when i told him was "sorry to hear that", NOT "I'm sorry about your experience", then he awkwardly pulled his head up until his neck turned fuschia, then walked away.  Nothing more.I got the bill for the side of mac&cheese and side of grits - they charged me $20.  I was actually trying the place out to possibly bring the rest of my company for an all-expense company dinner the next night but that definitely did not happen.  Will NEVER go back to that place again.
5	Aha! NC redeems itself with Ratcliffe on the Green. Love the history of the building....old flower shop, first neon sign in NC, wall sconces inside were the old street lamp covers, originally Tiffany stained glass....on and on.Food stands up just as well. It is a bit odd that they boast "traditional Carolina cuisine" which from my few days here should have been read as Soul Food, but French cuisine permeates the menu.But....it won't disappoint. I had the Coq au Vin...excellent, not prepared in the way I'm used to, but was still fantastic. We shared a side of the Gruyere mac and cheese...I could eat two bowls of this and probably have clogged arteries for life but it would be worth it....AMAZING.
5	I had the unique opportunity to join my wife and 6 of our friends at Ratcliffe On The Green for a personalized cooking class with Owner and Executive Chef Mark Hibbs.  He gave us an all-access pass into the inner workings of his fine establishment.We spent an unforgettable 2 hours with him learning the secrets to some of food that has made Ratcliffe famous.  Chef Hibbs shared some of his insights in creating great tasting, simply-prepared meals.The high-point of the visit was sitting down and devouring the perfectly aged rack-of-lamb, hand-picked grouper and savory Poulet Rouge chicken.  All of this was accented with sauteed heirloom tomatos and okra.     Definitely hit this place on your next visit to Uptown Charlotte.
2	I've been meaning to post this since my last experience there, which was late October of last year. Prior to that visit, we had eaten at Ratcliffe on 3-5 occasions, and the food had always been some of the better in Charlotte, save for a few items here and there- their chicken dishes are never very good, the mini biscuits they serve are like cold little rocks, and there is an excessive use of truffle oil going on with the grits and a few entrees (to the point that we would ask that grits not be included with our meal, the smell makes my fiance ill). But outside of that, everything had been pretty good, with generally decent service.But then we had the October incident- after that, we never went back again. My fiance had called the day before to make a reservation and had told the host it was my birthday- we don't expect any special treatment because of this, but we'd hoped we would get a slightly better seat than what they usually gave us, which was a tiny two person table against the wall (they did it every time we went). So we arrive on our special night, and are (after the host actually showed up) escorted to the tiniest, crappiest table in the whole place, in the far back left corner next to the water station. The person that seated us was curt and unfriendly. Ok- maybe the other tables were reserved? But mind you, whenever we went, the restaurant was always under half-full, usually well under half-full- the rest of the night, I think I counted maybe 5 couples/groups in and out of the place. I can't recall if the server was male or female, I simply remember that they were not friendly, because it surprised me for the place. The dishes that night were sub-par, which was a first. Some people complain about the portion size- I don't see the problem, the food is well presented, and whenever we order the tasting course, we come out full! Anyway, the whole night, someone was always right behind my head clanking around a water pitcher, and it wasn't pleasant. Our server was slow to wait on us, and while we're used to the fact that it can take up to three hours to get out of the place (we've actually listened to tables around us complain about the slow preparation/service, to the point of anger, but we realize it takes time to artfully prepare food, so we don't have an issue with it) it was taking an exceedingly long time to be waited on. Also, we've watched the chef come out and pleasantly make his rounds almost every time we were there, and he'd speak to almost everyone, never to us, even if he walked right by our table. It was a miserable birthday dinner-  bad seat, bad service, and less than stellar food made quite the impression on the boy and I, and we never went back again. It just isn't worth the cost- if we're going to spend over $100 on a meal, we expect it to be much better than that, especially on a special occasion.We are always polite and cheerful, well dressed (no jeans and such!), and we're well-educated in local/organic/gourmet food. I have zero clue as to why we would be treated poorly and stuffed into small tables- we're young, 24/25, maybe that's it. I was wearing a vintage fur coat my Dad had given me for my birthday that day, maybe the fur thing irked them. Maybe it's because we rarely order wine, as we don't care to drink. I honestly have no clue!  But it left a bad taste, and we have since found better restaurants to give our regular business to.
1	Ok so I finally dined here and lets say disappointing wasn't even the word...if I'm going to be dropping a large sum of money down I want it to be on food that I actually enjoyed! I went a few weeks ago and we opted for the three course Chef's Tasting menu...well lets just say if these dishes were a reflection of any chef well they truly shouldn't be one right down to the presentations!! For my first course i had the "Baked Beans" as we called it not at all what I expected to get and  barely any Duck Confit in it as it said on the menu very boring and missing lots of flavors so yes they tasted and looked like Baked Beans. Then second course I had the Tomato with goat cheese and peas I had one bite and did not go back for another. The plate was filled with tomato liquid and the goat cheese was running right in it  YUCK is all I have to say!! Then finally our last course MY favorite is Rack of Lamb so of course I'm now anticipating my Lamb I had asked for it to be cooked Rare/Medium Rare just in case they were to over cook it. WELL sure enough it came out Medium Well...Now i would have sent it back but my friend had ordered his steak Medium Well and got his Rare so i didnt want to be that table that sent everything back....Only good thing about this place was my company. it is outdated they may want to rethink they're concept AGAIN and possibly add a few woman servers in there to bring some life to this place!! Finally this place was stale like the bread!!
5	I recently had lunch with a colleague at Ratcliffe on the Green. It a business lunch and I usually don't note things like the building and decor, but in this case it was unavoidable. The decor and service were impeccable. The service had that nice balance of friendliness and professionalism. They were always available and addressed out needs, but I never saw them hovering about. My colleague is a regular there, so we were greeted warmly and our greeter (who happened to also be an active local judge???) shared with us some stories from his recent trip to Paris. My meal started with a cream of tomato soup, that was much thicker than I had anticipated, but still very tasty. Lunch was a Carolina Crab Cake Salad which was fabulous. Nice view of downtown Charlotte outside our window table from which we were able to watch a rain storm pass, thankfully, before heading back to work.
1	If I could give less than 1 star, I would.  I booked a reservation for 12 almost two weeks in advance of the date we wanted to dine.  I explained it was a going away party for a member of our team and that we wanted a large table.  I was told that would be no problem.  I was then told I had to give a credit card number to hold the table.  I questioned this as I have made numerous reservations and have never had to do this previously.  Chris stated he would not be able to hold without the information so I reluctantly gave it to him.  We arrived as a group a few minutes early for our reservation at 11:30am.  We were immediately greeted and seated as one of only two occupied tables in the entire restaurant.  The problem is that five (5) of us were at one round table and five (5) of us were at another.  We requested a different table or to push the two together.  We were told by our waiter that it was not possible to do this as the tables were not made to fit together and they had a full booking.  We had one waiter and the other table had a different waiter.  Our waiter was awful.  We had to request drink refills two separate times during our 45 minute wait on our food and he never came back to check on us once he served our food. When I eat out at a supposed "fine dining" establishment and pay $16 and change for a 6 ounce filet, I expect it to be superb. It wasn't.  I would have sent the dish back, but the waiter never returned.  Since it was a business group we couldn't wait another 45 minutes.  A lady at my table ordered the white bean dish and it was so salty she couldn't finish it.  Another diner at my table got the macaroni and cheese as an entree.  The noodles were under done and a bit chewy.  We requested our separate checks the next time we saw the waiter as we needed to get back to work.  When he brought the checks, they had charged us a 20% gratuity.  I asked why and was told because we were in a large party.  I explained to him that I did not feel we should have to pay the gratuity as my reservation was not honored and our service was lacking.  He said it was policy.  I asked for the manager who introduced himself as Eric.  I explained the situation to him.  Having to ask for refills, the long wait, the waiter not coming back ,etc.  He stated we are a large party and it is policy.  I told him we were treated as separate parties.  We were not seated together, did not share the same waiter and did not get served at the same time.  He refused to budge but said he would ask the owner.  I was then approached by the owner/chef.  It was apparent from the look on his face when he approached me that he was ready for battle. His opening words were, "You got great service and great food so you should pay for it."  I told him the service was not great, the food was not great.  I tried to explain the situation.  He told me I should just pay my bill.  I told him we were treated as two separate parties and not seated at the same table.  He stated, "Well, you walked in the door together."  I told him if the $ was that important to him, I would pay it, but that I work for a large corporation within 2 blocks of his restaurant and that I would have thought repeat business and keeping a good relationship with his diners would be worth more than that to him.  He said he didn't appreciate me threatening him (???!!??!) and for me to pay my bill and get out.  I gave the waiter my credit card assuming he meant to pay it without the gratuity, which I was more than willing to do.  When the bill came back, they had charged me the gratuity so I refused to sign it.  Another lady in my party of 5 paid her bill with a 10% tip.  The waiter brought the check back and said it was short.  She said she meant to only tip 10%.  He told her that they had had people ARRESTED FOR REFUSING TO PAY THEIR TIPS BEFORE.  She became frightened and put another $5 bill in the folder and left the restaurant.  Did I mention this lady is in her 60's?  When I refused to sign my check the manager, Eric, told me that by refusing to sign I was refusing to pay and that they would call the police.  I told him to go ahead, but wanted to see the written policy.  He told me it was on the website.   ??? Everyone checks a website before making a reservation?  Then told me it was my lucky day & they wouldn't be calling the cops, but would be taking it up with the credit card company.  Good luck.  Hope that $60 is worth the report to the BBB!
5	Taking in a Surprise Taking a light outdoor walk from Camden Southend to the streets of uptown Charlotte sure makes one hungry. The first place that caught my eye was a resilient green light coming off South Tryon. It was so bright it was reflecting off the mirror statue at the Betchlor Museum across the street. The next thing I know I am staring the menu at the best table in the house. (If you have ever walked past this place you know what table it is.) The light music and privacy of the booth makes for intimate conversation and romantic situations. The comfortable and spacious booth allows you to play footsy all night without hurting yourself. I had the mussels which were Euphoric. Cooked in some type of wine, butter, and cream which happen to be DAMN good when mixed together. My palate was very pleased and upset at the same time. Pleased with the sauce from the mussels running down my face, but upset when the last empty shell fell with the others. Happily in a coma after being satisfied by a taste I could only once wonder about I got myself the check. I didn't care how much it was, it was good, the service was astounding, and I was so comfortable at this point I could not even set a price on this kind of experience. Popped it open and to my surprise I walked out of there paying less than $100 for two people+Wines +Appitizers+Desserts. After stumbling to the door trying to shake off my coma I gave one glance back at the place of magic and thought to myself I'll be back here before I know it to take on a new adventure for my taste buds.
4	I visited Ratcliffe on the Green while in Charlotte for business.  Although the entry into the restaurant is a little circuitous, it is very cute, warm and comfortable.  I love the old neon sign over the original entry.  I had a refreshing Riesling, a lovely crisp salad, and the Mussels and Frites. I really wanted to love the food but it was just good.  The excellent service made up for the dull flavors, although I will definitely give it another try on my next trip to Charlotte.
5	Sad to say, Ratcliffe shut it's doors. Closed.
1	...and they're closed.  Couldn't have happened to a more deserving group of people.  Found out the chef that told me he was the owner was NOT the owner.  Found out he left less than a month after this incident.  The restaurant closed less than four months after that.  Good riddance!
