5	Alternative number is also 602.233.1813 This was recommended to us by our timeshare folks (Diamond Resorts). I HIGHLY recommend this company if you are interested in going to the Grand Canyon. Our concierge said "If you are luck you will get this one guy... super knowledgeable" We got Leonardo... "that one guy"Spoiled were we because we got a private tour (the other family had canceled) on Thursday.. it was a perfect way to end our trip before coming home. He picked us up at our resort on time at 7:30 AM and we drove first to Flagstaff. During our drive he talked about each part we passed, info bites, history is was a great way to learn more about Arizona. He talked about both present and past....and once he found out I was a teacher he started going more in depth and asking me questions about his favorite stuff in history. It was a personal tour which Leonardo totally adapted to his audience (us). After a short potty break in Flagstaff we headed up to the "GC." Again along the way tons of facts on people, places, plants, things, science.... Leonardo is a wealth of knowledge. He took us to several spots along the Grand Canyon where we stopped first for an hour and a half for lunch/ gift shops/ checking out the killer views.... then we went to several other spots... and afterward we headed to a trading post= thirty minutes for souvenirs and looking at Native American look a likes items for purchase.... then since we were ahead of schedule and the only ones on the tour he asked if we wanted to check out Sedona. OMG you serious!! So we ended up taking a bathroom break/ quick tour of Sedona. We did not get a chance to see stores and shops but we did get to see the mountains (which during the sunset is phenomenal). We did all of this AND he had us back by 7:10 PM.. well  ahead of schedule. He asked if we wanted to eat there for dinner.... Leonardo totally went out of his way for us which was awesome.   So: from Scottsdale to Flagstaff to Sedona with sights and information all in between. The company also does a city tour w/ heard museum, apache trail and dolly steamboat tour, sedona, jerome and montezuma castle, and  tuscon and sonora desert museum tour. Our tour was 135 dollars for adults (other prices vary from 64-135)children 12 and under are half price Their vans can seat 11 NOTE: Lunch/snacks are on your own but they do pick up/drop off and provide water.
5	We were picked up at the hotel by Tom.  9 guests all together.  Had a wonderful trip to Montezuma's Castle, Sedona and Jerome!  Highly recommend!
5	Well Well Well. This company as in whole is excellent in giving a good customer service. Not only did I avail $25 off on $50 meaning you save $25 on a trip of $148 inclusive of taxes.Total was $123. Team members right from Carol, Leo or Kim all are good. Carol usually takes telephone calls. She is very patient in listening and responding to questions. And gives you all information or repeating it without any hitch. And then I spoke to Leo on Confirming my trip. Our Trip was to go only to Grand Canyon, Sedona and Navajo Reservation however I told him i have been to above 2 locations already and had gone to flagstaff before so said we will make sure we will take Flagstaff route.Since Route 66 is a famous route to take too. So now we went to Sedona, Navajo Reservation , Grand Canyon and Flagstaff Route 66 at the end. Kim drove us. It was phenomenal trip with KIm. I am sure Kim Is well read guide and was more or less like a nightingale. She was so excited to tell us about History of the above 4 places , Plants like Saguaro Cactus , Trees like eucalyptus, oak, pine , Animals like Ponderosopines and abated Squirrels only in Arizona. I think she would have hardly left anything uninformed to us on our trip as to what was what. I think we are so informed of all the road patches by now. She told about every peak and what is the history behind it. How the names were formed of all the locations we went. She is so good at her Job. What a beautiful trip we had. Usually they start picking from Hotels you are staying at but not residential. We took our first stop at Sonic Gas Station near Cliff Castle Casino, to use bathrooms and pick sodas, or eateries.And then we headed to Sedona and Navajo Reservation we had lunch at Cameron Trading Post restaurant. also if you foodie Cameron have the Best Navajo Tacos's Be it vegetarian or non vegetarian. We were guided by Kim to try this. Its a big plate that you get. In the interim while in Van One of our fellas asked will we get any souvenirs with this trip. She made sure to give us Wooden Rings, Sedona Stones and I was the lucky one to get Table Mats having Sedona ,Navajo Reservation ,Cactus on it. Lots of Love Kim. Can't ask for more. To my surprise the fellas i was touring with were so good that we have exchanged number or email. We were a group of 6 Including Kim. We hardly knew each other but we connected in some while. We were a group of diversity. 2 persons were Russians, 1 was New Yorker, I was Floridian , I am somewhat residing in AZ for some time meaning less than a  year and our nightingale Kim is from Tuscon.If i consider taking a trip to Apache Junction, Canyon Lake, Tortilla Flat, Dolly Steam Boat. I am sure Kim will be the only person i would like to drive with. You are rocking Kim.Stay like this. We love you especially me. At the end of day I felt what a magnificent trip. Thank you God for bringing awareness of this Company and their nice people and ESPECIALLY KIM since we had to spend the whole time with her. She is good at heart, voice, soul, work,energy, positive. I couldn't ask for more.What a beautiful day !
5	Our company has done business with Across Arizona Tours since 2010. They are great to work with, knowledgeable about their industry and very friendly.  They have one day tours to corporate and custom tours. We recommend you try this this company and happy touring!
5	Took a tour of the Grand Canyon and Sedona this past weekend. I was a little skeptical booking the trip since this was my first time in Arizona. And i must say I had an amazing time! Kim was very professional and pleasant to travel with. She provided facts about AZ and kept the tour very interesting even though the ride was very long. I would recommend this tour to everyone. Thank you for making my experience so wonderful.
5	love love love love love they know what they are doing!!!!
