4	For 17+ years I have been coming here when I need hardware stuff.  Almost every hard to find item I have brought in they have been able to get and most of it has been in stock.  It is nice to know, when I was married, I could send my wife in with a sample or a note and they could still fill the need.
5	Great job by Sine Ace Hardware rescreening my patio screen!Who knew they offered this service, both new and re-screens.  This time I asked for sunblock fabric which is also is a good daytime privacy screen.As usual I was offered assistance shortly after entering the store.  Then when I picked up the screen the sales associate carried it out to my truck.  Big boxes definitely do not offer this kind of service.  That's why I shop Sine Ace Hardware!
5	Always a good place to shop. The customer service is always great.  The employees know where everything is in the store
4	I've been 2 this loc8ion several Xs & have always been able 2 get what I came in 4 & even some things I didn't originally intend 2 get. As a woman, I have 2 say that this place deserves 5* as my interaction w/ most of the gents working here, never felt rude, uncomfortable or condescending in any way... even when I didn't quite know the name of things I was describing what they do, referring 2 them as thingamajiggy or whatchamacallit, they would promptly direct me right 2 whatever I was seeking. That is a Huge + in addition 2 getting the immedi8 help w/o having 2 look all over the store when pressed 4 time.   Wish 1/2 stars were available but seeing as they're not, my only reason 4 giving 1 star less is someXs the checkout gals leave quite a bit of something 2 b desired. I by no means expect some1 2 b fake or overjoyed when working, but @ least b decent 2 customers as ur the last impression we leave w/. There's been a few Xs when I was lucky 2 get a grunt from 1 of them.    Another time I had 2 turn around & come back because the discount coupon wasn't reflected on my receipt which was the entire reason we went there instead of somewhere closer. When u r the reason a customer has 2 return because u didn't deduct the coupon u were handed, please don't make it seem that 'we' messed up when we discover UR 'mistake' (if it even was 1).    Don't need an apology when it's obvious ur not sorry anyway (other than in check~out skills) but dang, would it bust a jugular 2 just b civilized? I'm always pleasant 2 people having 2 w8 on me & do my best 2 make it smooth as possible 4 them, so even tho I don't need kiss (_y_), try not 2 b so curt treating customers as the enemy. It's a li'l backasswards 4 me greeting u as u ring me up 'Wrong' & 4 me 2 b telling u 2 have a better day as I leave 2 break the discomfort of the deafening silence.   Please don't change the kind of Amazingly Helpful Gents u have working there as they & the few friendly check~out girls (that I never seem 2 get) r the main reason I keep returning. Maybe they could train the neanderthal 1's who act like grunting is gracing us w/ generosity. Save the cattiness 4 the clubs! Other than this recommended improvement, Ace certainly has been the place 2 find all my home's needs (both interior & exterior~wise) so please keep ur AWESOMENESS!!
1	There is only one old guy who actually knows what he's talking about. The rest are idiots. Been here quite a few times. The prices are ridiculous. Last time I was pretty much accused of trying to steal something. I was on a motorcycle with no bags, so I had a backpack on. I will never be going back. Hope the place burns down.
