5	So, I came here for none other than to get my wisdom teeth removed. AHH!!  I have big teeth, so I knew my wisdom teeth were going to be a pain to get out, and they were.  First off, the office is super clean.  I appreciate this because if I'm coming here for surgery, I expect the place to be really clean and  sanitized.  The wait time to be called was a little long.  They're not messing around when they tell you to arrive early.  So I get checked in and tell them the last time I ate.  Apparently, I was give the wrong information of the hours not to eat before, which is life threatening as I found out from the doctor.  So we waited until the time was exactly 8 hours.  After my surgery, I was taken out and the doctor told me just what I had predicted-my teeth were massive and hard to get out.  The workers at the front were really nice and they called me a few days after to see how I was holding up.  I was completely swollen for almost a week, and in pain, but I expected that.  When I went for my follow up, Dr. Swanson remembered me and of course my teeth.  He was really informative before and after my surgery.  I highly recommend him.  I  have 2 more wisdom teeth, but they were not reachable, and I'm glad he didn't dig in to try to get them.  The people at this office are all very nice and don't rush you to sign paperwork.  They answer any questions you may have and Dr. Swanson is great!
5	I have only good things to report about my experience with Dr. Swanson and the entire staff at the office. Dr. Slessinger did my actual work and he is as good as it gets. I had one of the big molars on the bottom extracted but he also had to grind the bone a little and said the recovery would be painful and he was right. I only met Dr. Glyman for a minute after I told them that I can't have Demoral - I was put under the Twilight Sleep and I guess Demoral is a usual drug for that. Dr. Glyman came in and explained what they would use as a substitute and he was personable and informative, as was everyone there. I saw Dr. Swanson for my initial exam and what a nice guy he is. Doctors should always be able to put people at ease especially when dental surgery is happening and he did just that. Two days later I had the tooth removed by Dr. Slessinger and it all went off like clockwork. All the front desk people and the nurses were as personable and helpful as the doctors. All medical offices should run like this, I'll recommend them to anyone and never think twice about returning if I need something else done in the future.
