3	Fast and free wireless, plenty of electricity everywhere, I like Bruegger's. You do have to arrive early for the best seats. The place is pretty popular for the "out-of-the-office" types, sitting with their laptops at tables for hours at a time.The only two things that I would say are negatives is that the place tends to get very loud with a lot of background noise from neighboring tables. And the coffee refills aren't free.Great bagel flavors, including several that they don't have at Panera. I like the Pumpernickel and the Jalapeno. Both are excellent. These are "real" bagels, unlike the stuff you might pick up a supermarket. They're made the right way, even if they aren't as good as New York. (Ha ha.)They have a "deal" for a bottomless coffee mug. Only $129 for the year. So if you stop by Bruegger's often enough (at least twice a week), it might work out for you. I was hoping for something way cheaper!
4	Great combo of Bruegger's and Caribou...one stop shop. Free wifi and lots of business going on inside. I think I was one of the few without a laptop that day.The employees are friendly! This is a great Bruegger's location and you don't have to feel guilty taking a long lunch break here because you can easily bring work here. They also offer a conference room to book for those out-of-the-office-private-meetings.
4	Free WIFI. Coffee and Bagels all in one stop. Plus there are plenty of electrical outlets to plug into.I usually get the Bagel thin sandwich with turkey sausage, egg white, and sun-dried tomato spread. It's a great lunch item thats around 400 calories and you can choose whichever bagel you want, all for $4. I would like to see more variety for the bagel sandwiches on the healthy items menu though. Overall, its a good place and atmosphere.
4	Did I just pay $8 for a bagel thin sandwich and an unsweetened iced tea?  Why yes, I did, and I'm going to enjoy it's toasty goodness in moderation.  The service here is spot-on.  Super fast, friendly and the order is always made just the way you like it.  I enjoy the rosemary bagel (made into a "thin" where the center is cut out.  BTW: I wonder where the insides go...am I allowed to take it home?  I will ask next time.) with light veggie cream cheese, smoked salmon, extra red onion, extra tomato, no capers. The bagels are nice and crisp on the outside and chewy on the inside. Mmmm carb heaven. A BIG plus is the free Wi-Fi and the access to seating/outlets.
5	Great food great people great everything overall... only thing i would say that is negative is the line is extremely long very fast...i come early just to avoid it.
4	Excellent bagels, nice and chewy with a crispy outside... even better when hot. I like that they have a lot of flavor options and rotate offerings... recently had a pretzel bagel that was pretty tasty. Lots of cream cheese options, the breakfast sandwiches are pretty decent as well and not greasy like typical fast food places. They offer the option of skinny bagels which I love... regular bagel is just too much, skinny bagel perfect!
4	Love coming here, fresh food, pretty quick to order and relaxing atmosphere - plus it shares the same space as Carabou!
4	I love Brueggers, this location is quite gat, you can get your bagel and coffee at the same place and come here to study, remind or catch up with friends! This location is attached to caribou coffee. I personally think that Brueggers is better than Einstein bagels. Einstein bagels reminds me of more McDonald type breakfast and Brueggers is fresher better ingredients, not to mention a million type of bagel selections!! This place is only open for breakfast and lunch. I've gotten the smoked salmon bagel for lunch and it comes with my choice of veggies, all fresh and crunchy! I usually get the sun dried tomato with egg white bagel for breakfast. I also tried the spinach and egg bagel, also very good! I love how great my bagel taste after it's toasted! Yes, I am indeed a fan!
3	I haven't been to Bruegger's in years, but was in Park Road Shopping Center & was hungry, and I will not do Subway. So, Mom & I decided to venture in, even though the construction was a little confusing. We ordered a few bagel sandwiches & I will say I was rather impressed. The bagels were fresh & they make sandwiches to order even though there are any great selections. Although we enjoyed the meal, the service was a little dis-organized and there were issues at check-out b/c they didn't have an organized plan for each customer. With that said, everything was ok & if I am in the shopping center that would be my meal f choice...plus, it might be one of the only Caribou Coffee's, my favorite, remaining open.
3	I'm a huge fan mainly do to the convenience. It  has a great location and I can usually find a place to sit without any issues. Because its in park rd shopping center there's always a place to park. (Issues I have at many of the other coffee shops)The wi-fi is hit or miss. I don't think they have enough band width for a place where people come to use the wi-fi. Their other locations work better but I still tend to choose this because of the other conveniences.
1	Just awful, the service is horrendous and I come here at least twice a week, well not any more .. If they are busy or not they don't acknowledge you, and they screw up the simplest order "Everytime" I'm patient I have been in the service industry... Sometimes was they just put your food in their toaster and forget about you... Never again ... I'm finding an Einstein bagel..  This place sucks!
2	I keep going back hoping for better but half the staff is nice and half won't even acknowledge you when you are the only one at the counter, how about a "Hi, ill be right with you" and none of them know the menu or how to make the 12 items on it ... I have actually had to tell them what goes on my bagel "Wow" And the fact you have to ask for a bag is ridiculous. I'm a huge recycler but really a piping hot bagel sandwich to go??? Yeah a bag would be nice ...Get it together or find me another breakfast spot please ....  Very disappointing
1	Unfortunately this is my last time going to this location. They are consistently very very slow with high turnover and brand new employees every week. Not enough people working either and the line was to the door at 9:15 am. Management must be poor to continue to allow this all of the time. There is always one poor employee who is fast and efficient who has to cover for the rest who are super slow. But that doesn't work too well...which causes long lines. Too bad.
5	Get the pastrami, swiss, and egg on pumpernickel. It is amazing and service is quick. Being from out of town this is so much better than Starbucks.
2	Three strikes and you're out.  Nine strikes and the inning's over.This location's problems are mostly of its own making but the intense foot traffic only exacerbates them.The bagels are usually acceptable but, compared to other locations, occasionally skimpy and/or undercooked.Unfortunately, staff turnover at this store seems to be a way of life and through circumstance or choice they are shorthanded by at least one counter person every visit.  The predictable result is long waits.  Placing the coffee urns behind the counter means yet more delays as staff must do the pouring.  They've got plenty of room at the coffee/tea station and it's well past time to move the coffee urns out there even if it means hauling them back to make fresh coffee occasionally, just as Panera et al must do.This store really is the devil's candy - great location, expansive seating area, outdoor tables - but the slowness of service invariably causes one to ask 'Why bother?' especially when other Bruegger's locations without these problems are nearby.
3	Overall: The food wasn't too bad. Service could definitely be improved. It's in a shopping center so Parking is plentiful if you don't mind walking a bit.Had the trio combo with salad, soup, and a drink. Also came with bagel bites. The broccoli cheddar soup and the chicken almond salad were both okay but nothing to write home about. Be prepared for a wait :/ the location seems really understaffed (as you can see by the lack of trash being taken out) and the staff that was there all seemed new...and only one of three seemed friendly. I wouldn't make an effort to come here but it was conveniently located and we were starving.
4	Delicious hot bagels!Absolutely packed, so there was quite a wait time, but I liked the food.
