5	Had a very good experience here.  Went for nutritional counseling and weight loss and found out what no other Dr. could tell me - I had a thyroid problem!  Very nice office.  It's in the Arizona Heart Institute.  Thank you for the good experience.
5	My positive experience with Lifeguard started the moment I called to get information. Angela was friendly and extremely helpful. I was impressed with the fact that everything was spelled out for me. I was not made to feel like I was being sold something. I was sent all the necessary paperwork ahead of time so that I could walk right in and begin my appointment. My visit was amazing. I arrived a few minutes early, they took me right in. My time with the Doctor was so unbelievable. Dedicated time to sit and explain EVERYTHING without feeling rushed or being left to focus solely on one issue. he took notes as we talked and came up with a mutli-pronged approach to my situation. I left feeling like I was really heard and that the treatment that was presented come from a Dr who was fully informed. In short, it was great. I have recommended this experience to several friends.
5	It's rare to find an entire office staff that clearly gets along and respects one another. From the front desk to the doctor, everyone here is amazing.Very helpful, professional and informative.I came here from a LivingSocial deal and will remain a client by choice!Highly recommended for those looking to 'pin point' medical based questions without having someone shove prescriptions and mask real issues.
5	If you have no insurance and need a doctor, this is the place! The price is reasonable. This was not what got my attention either. I've never had a better experience with a doctor that is more understanding and more on my side. He didn't look at me like I was crazy like the other doctors when I told him my goals. He listened with intent to help. The office has true compassion and very warm. It's been 2 months on the plan we set for me to get better from an auto immune disease I've had for 2 years and I'm already seeing improvement. I love this place!
5	Best Doctor's office I've experienced! Dr. Nathan Vitaro is our pediatrician for our little boy who was born prematurely. Dr. Vitaro has been with us since our son's first day on earth and ever since. The entire staff is knowledgeable and kind. I recommend this office for any and all medical needs, for all ages.
