5	The car was great and the employees were wonderful. Extremely easy and I would definitely rent again.
5	Friendly staff, good selection of cars, awesome customer service, and their prices are very competitive. I rent from them almost monthly. The staff really make this place shine though.
1	I'm only giving them one because it won't let me give them zero!! By far the worse experience I've had renting a car!! First off they give us the car literally on empty, the gas light went on within being in the car for 3 minutes! Second as my husband was driving down the freeway and pulled down the sun visor, it fell into his lap almost causing an accident!! With my 6 year old son screaming we pull over and there was only 1 screw that was attaching the visor to the roof!!!! The fender was rattling so when we pulled over again we noticed the tires were also low on air..... CHILD ENDANGERMENT!!!!! We couldn't even roll down the drivers window due to the excess tint on the window flapping around!! the car wasn't cleaned when we received the car, we found a wallet on top of the bad seat with nothing but a pawn receipt in it!! the worse part was when we returned the car and addressed our problems!! the tint job wasn't finished because they like to do it "slow"... what are you doing taking the excess off one inch at a time?? secondly when they were told about the gas being on empty they stated that all the cars are like that!!  then proceeded to accuse us of smoking in the car, trying to justify whatever they were thinking in their heads!! my husband and i have been nicotine free for over 2 years!! they take no responsibility for there unsafe vehicles and unprofessionalism!! They even tried to keep our $100 deposit!! Dolce the managers wife, just laughed most of the time.... no way could you pay me to use these jerk offs again!!!
3	Ark is OK.  I've had better rentals from hertz and also a local company Verve  http://www.VerveCarRental.com  They do cash car rentals in Las Vegas to like Ark does them.  There are lots of companies you can book  that are decent, it just depends on what you expect and your budget really of course!!
