3	So my son comes home last week and doesn't say anything about school. I went through his binder to find out that he needs to start this week with a topic and research for a school project. First it was to figure out how to make electric work. He was so excited about doing that, then he realizes.. Its a lot of work. So we surf the internet and he found making glow water. GLOW WATER is the final answer. We looked into more and more. There was a doctor on one website that gave the easiest way to make a glow water out of the smallest amount of supplies (highlighter, water, and darkness). I told him that we needed to show different ways of making glow waters. SOOOOOO, we went to Walmart to discover that they had a selected few highlighters to choose from. BUMMMER!! Then it was off to Michaels... YAY for Michaels they had everything we need except the black light bulb. They had the wooden boxes that we are gonna use to contain the glow, felt cloth to put inside the box, stickers to decorate inside, and chem lights. Thank goodness for chem lights. We were happy to get almost all the supplies in one store, yet it was quite the drive. In the end, we didn't mind because we sang along with the radio on the drive and got just about all the things we need to start the research. Thanks Michaels.
4	This is my local Michaels and I come here alot. I love using the 50%off coupons I get in the junk mail and I also belong to their email club and get coupons that way as well. Lately I have been having a method to my shopping there since I am buying a bunch of Xmas gifts. I only use coupons on stuff I know they don't ever put on sale..like wooden puzzles and toddler instruments. My little guy is gonna make out like a bandit this holiday & I will have saved half! The cashier will let me use 2 coupons but she has 2 ring them separately..which is fine with me. I love this store. They have so many of the things I'm into..scrapbooking, baking and candy making. And whatever else I'm feeling crafty about!
4	After being told that I needed to branch out in my hobbies and food should not rule my life, I set out to gather some items for an arts and craft project. Instead of paying for generic accessories, I have been motivated to start making some pieces again. First picking up this hobby while backpacking through New Zealand to pass some time. Jewelry making puts me in a zen like state. Although I am not the most coordinated with my hands, it is a simple task. If you are not confident in picking it up on your own, there are classes. Just ask an associate for dates and times.
5	I swear, this place is like Walmart for me: I don't know why I'm there nor do I really need anything but, there I am; and I'm most likely going to buy A LOT of things I don't need....but, somehow "need." Get it?I feel like I'm in a candy store whenever I come in here...So much to look at...So much to awe at...and so much to hold myself back from!Lately I've been coming here for items to use for my mani/pedi: brushes, tools, beads, glitter, etc.I hope to look for items to use to make DIY necklaces and earrings =) Giddy :pCraft stores back home in Honolulu don't even compare to the size, quality, price, and amount of items Michael's has.
3	Everything you need for crafts, but be prepared for a 30 minute wait to check out...
4	I like this store. However, in the past few years it has become SOOOO cluttered that I feel sort of overwhelmed with the amount of stuff they  have crammed in there. They do have way more baking related stuff than their competitors and good coupons every week. I enjoy shopping there but without my kiddos, there is way too much for them to touch,grab, etc.
3	I love this place, but the line situation is out of control. It's dreadful. There's not enough cashiers and there was like 15 people in line waiting.  They gotta figure this out better.
2	They really need to add more employees. I have stood in line for quite a while the last two times I was here. The aisles are pretty close together but that doesn't stop me from buying twice as much stuff as I had intended to buy. I will give them four stars once they hire more people to work the registers.
3	I enjoy making things handmade & making scrapbooks, photos, painting, etc.  MIchael's arts & crafts is the place to go to find many things and every time I go there I always think of something new to make. However, the place has been so chaotic that sometimes I dont even know what the price really is.  Sometimes some of the items that are on the clearance shelf are not really on sale and someone put a whole stack there.  Sometimes the items are not in the right area & I feel like I would always have to double check if the price is accurate when I go to the register. Overall, I dont mind constantly going back here because it has almost everything I need but I wish it was a little more organized and cleaned up.
5	This Michael's is probably the best I've seen in the Las Vegas/Henderson area. Most of the time the items are organized & fully stocked, there has only been a few times where the item I wanted wasn't there but they get weekly delivery. The lines do get long at times, especially around the holidays. I do wish they would change their radio stations or whatever they have playing on the overhead speakers, the music is pretty bad and the christmas music seemed to have gotten worse this year. Overall it's a clean and organized store and the sales are pretty good.
2	I recently got into painting, and arts and crafts, so I decided to go to Michael's to pick up some new things to get myself started. I came in wearing sweats, a tshirt with my hair pulled back in one of those sock buns. Anyway, I was trying to find blue tape so i tried flagging someone down. I walked up to an associate and asked "excuse me but do you know wher-" immediately she walks away. I thought okkkk how rude, so I find someone else that helps me no problem. When I'm ready to check out I am blessed to have the same girl who blew past me ring up my things. She didn't say one word to me, but friendly me I ask how her day is going...no answer. Her friend walks up to her register and she goes off in a full on girl conversation "omg no way, like omg, lol" leaving me feeling so weird. The girl's friend also had a sock bun, so I asked her jokingly "oh is that a sock bun? i just started doing that haha" but the girl and her friend kind of just ignore me, and the girl at the register says "yeah but her sock bun looks better and cleaner.."  already feeling so uncomfortable I couldn't believe she said that to me...I didn't even pay for my things I just walked out fuming.
4	For this visit, I came in for frames. The selection here is decent and I always find what I need.  To note, I always ask the frame shop for their opinion since the frames I pick out are normally packaged.For everything else, you can walk in this store and find either a new hobby or project. I have a couple still sitting in the corner of my living room waiting for me to finish....
3	This Michaels is filled with your craft-y needs.It is filled to the brim.However, the new checkout is crazy.... It has a lot of potential.It's set up with the register telling you to "proceed to register six"But it's the line part that is ridicolous. It's shaped in a maze, that is really difficult to manuever with a cart.
4	I'm not a very artsy or craftsy person. If I was, I would definitely come here to find what I need. They have a wide assortment of everything to fulfill every hobby. From knitting to paint it yourself birdhouses, they have it all!!! They also have a variety of holiday decorations and home decor. Tip: make sure you buy holiday stuff after that holiday is over. Things are 70% off!!! I've come here numerous times on a mission to find certain things and have always been able to find what I need. Only reason why I docked a star is due to the lack of assistance from the sales associates. It's always hard to find someone. Or if you do end up finding someone, they aren't very helpful. My bf asked this one girl how much a certain frame was and she said she didn't know because she didn't have a scanner on her. Um, walk it over to a register and check, it's your job. I've never had to wait in line at the register for more than 3 minutes so I can't really complain about that. I'll be back for sure if I'm on a mission again. Extra tip: make sure you download the app to get coupons!!! On my last trip, I got 50% off a regular priced item, saving me $24!!! Score!!
3	I love coming here to browse. There's not as much selection as in Hobby Lobby, and there isn't any fabric (although today I did find a few fat quarter bundles). They have a ton of cute crafty storage containers though and lots of scrapbook paper, Stickers, beading, wood crafts, picture frames, floral supplies. They also usually have a lot of cutesy holiday-themed things: right now we're coming up on valentines day so there were a lot of red, pink and white hearts and other such decorative pieces. It's fun to walk around and get ideas for crafty projects.
3	I feel like they don't have enough employees. Anytime I need help there is no one to be found. Other than that they usually have all my craft needs. I buy a lot of paint however and it is cheaper other places.
5	I highly recommend this Michaels location, the manager Sam Barber demonstrated a level of outstanding customer service as well as the staff....I plan to shop here at this location now and in the future....I feel her level of pay should improve...
1	Wow.. human feces on the wall and floor! I am utterly shocked by their bathroom.  The entire womens bathroom is disgusting. It is obviously a long time build up of grime and, dirt and feces. I love Michaels but will not ever come to this one in fear of possibly having to use the restroom.  Truck stop bathrooms are cleaner.
4	Make sure you bring your phone or print out the 50% coupon off regular price items in their weekly ads.  The store is always clean and organize.  We have been here several times and customer service was good and consistence.
5	As a small business owner that depends on craft stores to create my product I wanted to let every one know how helpful the staff is at this location. They will do stock checks without it feeling like you are bothering them. I would like to give special thanks to Derek the assistant manager and Eddie. Derek waa extremely nice and helpful telling me when the product would be in but when I went in today to pick up the products they did not come in Eddie called the store across and said that she would do a store transfer tonight driving to the store herself to get the product for me. Now that is customer service. Thank you to amazing caring staff. Helping small businesses like me keep my commitment to my customers.
4	This Michael's has never let me down as far as being able to find what I need. Ive been going here for years. The service is great and the clerks are always willing to help when needed. Today for instance, I was looking for Copic brand artist markers. The shades of the actual marker tend to look different on actual paper, making it hard to decide whether or not you have the correct color you're looking for. A young man who worked there offered me some paper to test out the markers in order to make my decision. I found this to be very helpful, as I was able to make my decision without and worry of choosing the wrong color. This store's a good one in my book, pay it a visit if you need things art related!!
5	Love their 40% off coupons!  Big savings on any item especially when looking for a gift! Also, customer service is very good!
3	I came here to find some gingham ribbon and they did have some, but overall, I thought the selection, organization and width of all the ribbons were a bit limited. When I was checking out, you're made to go through a maze of racks so you'll buy more bs impulse items, so needless to say, it's a little confusing of where you're supposed to enter. Well, I entered the wrong way and one of the cashier girls was quick and curt - "line starts over there!" Geeze.
2	I have had both good and bad experiences here. I'm never greeted, which is fine I don't want to be ambushed while shopping but sometimes I feel as if I'm also annoying an associate because they never are happy to answer my questions. I was exchanging a few items to make a diaper cake with, and the cashier rang up the stuff I was returning twice to be purchased again after I told her those were the items I was returning twice. Lol another time I  purchased a lot of flowers maybe around 24 I was rung up for 36. Thank god I was paying attention. I do love the coupons they send me, and I do like how this one associate who is covered in tattoos always helps me get a good deal on whatever I'm buying. :)
3	Michaels is too proper.  I'll just call it Mike's.This location of Mike's is easily located in the Target shopping center off of Eastern.  Plenty of parking with the smell of goodness coming from Freed's Bakery.  Like all other locations, the store is set up in Mike's fashion.  I knew what I was looking for and knew exactly where to find it.  Also like all other locations, there was only 1 cashier.  There is always a line with that one person in front of you who has a cartful and doesn't take their wallet out until the cashier tells them the total.  Surprise you have to pay! Silly customers. Mike's is my go to place for hobby items so I know I'll be back.
