5	I have to admit being very picky about photographers and tend to want to get pretty familiar with their work before booking them.  I was very excited to meet Katie and get to know her work.  We decided to book a family photography session with her, and I cannot say enough how happy we are with the results.  We have some fabulous images of us as a family and feel like she really captured the personality of our family.  The girls 1 & 2 years old quickly got used to her and forgot she was around allowing her to capture some of our everyday moments which you are always afraid to forget to take time to appreciate.I look forward to having her photograph us again!
5	Honestly I don't write reviews of services and products I use, actually this will be the first. Katie's work has been so good that I just cant help but tell everyone how much my wife and I loved her work and company during our wedding/engagement days. I kid you not when we show the photos to people they think its from a magazine. I try to look for reasons around the house to use her camera work again lolHighly recommended!Katie your awesome best of luck to where ever you go in life and keep making people amazing memories.
5	We came across Katie's site looking for photographers and were impressed with the quality of her photos compared to those of much more expensive photographers, so we hired her for our engagement and wedding photos. Not only did she take great shots, but working with Katie was easy and fun!For our engagement shoot, Katie showed up early to scout the location and was professional and well prepared throughout the shoot. She made us feel at ease and got some beautiful shots. At our wedding, she did a great job capturing every part of the day and working with the guests to take photo requests. After each shoot, Katie turned around our photos very quickly, and even mailed a beautifully wrapped CD of the images. At the end of the day we were really happy with Katie's work and had a great time working with her!
5	We chose Katie for our Madison wedding because we liked her photographic style, warm personality, and affordable a la carte pricing. We were thrilled with her service! Katie was so enthusiastic about our wedding and all of our ideas. She was flexible and accommodated all of our requests with ease. She managed to subtly catch so many details from our special day without ever seeming intrusive. She really let us guide the process, while adding her own professional, unique style. The final product was delivered quickly and with the most elegant, thoughtful, personal touches. We are so happy with everything and we are constantly getting compliments from family and friends. I highly recommend Katie for any event!
