5	How am I the first person to review Lesco?!I used to be horrified by how much it cost to see.  I thought my only option was to go to the mall, pay $60 for an eye exam and pick out frames and lenses with an optician/salesperson who upsold and pressured me to spend crazy money on designer frames that I didn't even like.  I disliked that environment intensely and kind of blew off wearing glasses for years as a result.I remembered that my grandmother and father always swore by Lesco in Tucson for their specs and bought my last pair three years ago at that location.  I've recently moved back to Phoenix and was so glad to find that there's a Lesco in South Scottsdale!  It's so much cheaper to get an eye exam at a mall with some Sunday paper coupon and take the scrip here.  The base price for eyeglasses is $29 and you can easily walk out with a sturdy, stylish, scratch-resistant, anti-glare, thin-lensed pair of awesomeness for way less than mall/boutique shops charge.I found some fantastic frames and upgraded as I saw necessary; no one ever pressured me to spend more money.  The glasses were ready in one week, I was called when they were ready and they came out perfectly.  So inexpensive it's unreal.When I was picking up the new glasses, I brought in some vintage frames that I bought on eBay and talked shop with the magnificent manager Jim about getting some lenses in them.  He's been in the biz for 40 years and knows what's up.  He was amazingly knowledgeable about fixing them up and we had a great conversation about old frames and styles.  He lovingly reshaped my slightly warped 1960s-era glasses for no charge and had all kinds of fascinating information about old school lenswear.  I paid to put lenses in the newly fixed frames on the spot.  HIghly recommended.
5	The vintage frames I brought in now have lenses and look so incredible I could cry.  I will now permanently skip the high-end boutique optical places that greedily charge in the hundreds for antique frames (ahem, rhymes with "assy") and bring in my own cool frames to Lesco.  $29 for basic lenses in these things blows my mind.  My glasses addiction is now in full swing...
5	this review has been a long-time coming & i apologize bcuz for all my blind peeps out there Lesco is just what you need!!!First let me say that I have been going to Lesco (phoenix & tucson) for 10+ years....Second & most important - frames are $29!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!hello people!!! $29!!!  way cheaper than your eye doctor - forget crappy walmart and other discount stores - head to LESCO.they have a lot of frames (knock-offs & super trendy) & sunglasses too (i think sunglasses are a bit more, but i cant remember) it is $10  more for bi-focals....and apparently if you are really blind like my sis-in-law then there is an extra charge for supper thick coke bottle lenses, only $10 i think.So here are the details....no insurance accepted just $29, no tax either its just $29, they dont do eye exams so you have to have a prescription (but they will call your dr if you dont have it with you), the service is always amazing & they will adjust your glasses for free as many times as you need (did i mention im clumsy?)Best part - you can bring your fave sunglasses and they will put in prescription lenses for you also!! (i had them do it on a pair of armanis for me = gorgeous & functional!!!)so bottom line - im a diva on a budget (ok except the jimmy choo's...) and thats why i love Lesco - you will too!!
5	This place has amazing service and I'm still having a hard time believing that anyone would sell glasses at the price I paid, or really, why other places like Lenscrafters can get away with charging so much.I just recently started wearing glasses, and am hard to fit. I have a smaller than average head, and one ear a bit lower. I went to Lenscrafters first and dropped a ton of money. I only had 22 sets of frames to choose from because of the size issue. Wire frames, looked ok, kept bending back to original shape, which for me, made them uneven. After getting numerous re fittings done at Lenscrafters I decided I needed something less pliable and found this place through the other Yelp reviews.Excellent service, the staff took some serious time to find the ones that fit- and they had tons! When they gave me the total I asked how much the frames were. She laughed and said I must've been to Lenscrafters. The glasses were $29, she recommended upgrading to antiglare which brought the price up to $79. I was so psyched I ordered a pair of sunglasses too. They took about a week, but were totally worth the $ and the drive.I know I'll end up going back and getting more, with those prices, they can become an interesting accessory and not a painful expense.I saw a family with a bunch of kids- all wore glasses and all I could think was how on earth would these kids get glasses if they had to go to one of the expensive places...
5	All staff at Lesco in Scottsdale have such a  wonderful and helpful attitude.  I am hard to please  with adjustments and received kindness and smiles through it all.  My husband ordered from Canada, we arrived, and they had held his frames for him as promised.  We have both worn and ordered new prescription for many years, and we have never received the service that Lesco staff gave us.  We thank you all and wish we had found you many years ago. However we will be back. Cathy and Rome
5	Lesco is the cheapest place to get awesome glasses. $29 includes your frames and lenses. That is crazy! They will also put new lenses into any pair of frames you bring in. I just bought 4 new pair and had new lenses put into 3 old pair.  The total cost for 7 pairs of glasses was $188. Seriously!I admit that 7 pairs of glasses might be excessive, but at these prices, there is no reason not to have a different pair for every day of the week.
5	only place to get your eye glasses.  you do have to get your exam somewhere else and bring your prescription.  i don't know why anyone would go anywhere else.
5	When you pay for express service - That's what you get!!Took in my new RX for glasses on the 28th, picked out frames, and wasnt expecting a call until the 5th to pick up my glasses.  I got a call once the store opened on Feb 1st.  I was very pleased!Decent selection of frames.  And unbeatable prices!!  I look forward to doing business again with Lesco!  :)
5	Two words: awesome and cheap. Eyeglasses are $30 but since my future mother-in-law needed progressives, they were $179+thinner lens+$20 anti glare coating=$270 total. I always order from online which is waaay cheaper (PM me if you need to know which stores), but if you need to know exactly what you will look like in your glasses, this is a cheap option. Online stores have you upload a photo but sometimes this is not always accurate if you don't pay attention to the measurements of the glasses. The workers were super friendly, "Bill" gave us information but let us take our time and was not pushy, nosy, or an otherwise nuisance that some people can be at these optical places. They do not do exams, so just make sure to get an exam elsewhere for $40 bucks and bring it here (don't let anyone give you any guff about this either, they are required by law to provide you with your prescription). Don't worry about PD unless you are ordering online, they measure for that here. Many customers came and went and they knew many of them by name, a good sign. A good selection but I am too eccentric with my style, though I am excited to try and bring in any vintage designer glasses for lenses.
4	I'd always had perfect vision so when I had to start wearing prescription reading glasses a few years ago I was shocked by the prices you have to pay for frames and lenses. That's why I was glad to remember that Lesco has a location in Scottsdale. They also have four locations in Tucson so I was familiar with the company, but I'd never actually shopped there. The first thing you notice is the large selection of frames and the second is the fact that basic glasses are yours for $29, $49 for bifocals, and $179 for progressives. You couldn't even get one lens for that at the expensive optical stores. Add in the anti-glare coating and I paid about $70 for a new pair of reading glasses.You'd assume that for that price it would be a lot of do it yourself work, but the service here is great! The staff knows what they are doing, will help you pick out your frames, and even adjust them for you so that they fit perfectly.Also, you get your glasses quickly. Mine were done barely a week after I ordered them and now I'm considering getting a few additional styles to change up my look... hey for the prices they charge, why not?
5	I've been going here since I was a kid.....um a while ago. They are the lease expensive place to go for glasses by far, they take there time with you and their selection is always great.  You sometimes have to wait since they are very popular, but they are popular for great reasons. I don't go anywhere else.....its the very best bang for your buck for something noone wants to have to have.
5	Amazing prices - outstanding customer service. Don't let the little storefront in a sort of ghetto strip mall fool you. Superior quality  on lenses, also. Renee helped me and is fantastic. I came here after being told my buy one get one deal at Visionworks would cost me over $600. Walked out of here with FOUR pairs for less than that. Awesome.
5	I heard about this place from a close friend after Visionworks tried to sell me 2 pairs of glasses for almost $700 ($1200 before my insurance!) Since that was my first time buying glasses I had no idea how overpriced that was. I decided to check this place out after seeing all of the great reviews they had! I figured at $30 a frame.. What do I have to lose?! It's a smaller shop but they have a really good selection of frames. I found 2 pair that I loved as soon as I walked in. I worked with Renee and after about 15 minutes the transaction was complete! (I was in Visionworks for 2 hours!!!) Renee was so honest, sweet & really a pleasure to work with. She made this experience very enjoyable for me. I will never go anywhere else for my glasses! I bought two frames with lenses for $109!! One pair was single vision for $29 and the second with anti glare for around $80. I am a very happy customer and I can't wait for my new glasses to come in! Thank you!!
5	I was recommended to this place by my mom after Visionworks wanted to charge me over $700.00 for a pair of Progressive eyeglasses plus Vision works customer service was pretty poor! As soon as I walked into Lesco we were greeted and taken care of right away! I bought my glasses for $179.00! For progressive lenses thats a steal!!  I would recommend this place to anyone!!
