4	I am not a huge fan of chains but this location does alright by me. They have 2.50 24oz frozen mugs for happy hour and they are right across from where I get my car worked on.
4	This was stop #3 on the happy hour Hop for the night. We walked in and the place was dark seamed friendly enough and has a large interior with pool tables, shuffle board and a few other things to enjoy. We hit the bar quickly to make sure we did not have a miss-hap like we did at stop #2 and oh boy was i surprised, i ordered a draft and out comes the mug of all mugs, Frozen with ice cold brew inside. Becky picked up a Mai Tai that was very strong and made right. We also took advantage of the 1/2 price pizza and ordered a small BBQ Chicken, which i must say was delicious. The staff was friendly and fast and recommended some great drinks. After hearing all the horror stories about this place, I have to say that the common misconceptions about this place have been debunked in my eyes. I will be back, Great Job PT
5	After a day of touring the Hoover Dam my friends and I were anxious to find a place to watch our UConn Huskies take on Pitt in the Big East opener. We decided to try our luck off strip. After driving around in circles for 20 minutes we happened upon PT's and went in because the game was starting in 10 minutes. Upon entering the darkly lit bar we were surprised to find that it was spacious and had numerous televisions set to the UConn game, even though a highly anticipated Monday night football match up between the Saints and Falcons was on. The bartender was extremely friendly and helpful, and recommended the nachos and half-price pizza for us out of towners. The nachos were among the best I have ever had. The steak was tender and not undercooked, while the fresh jalapenos and roasted tomatoes complemented the crispy tortilla chips and warm nacho cheese. The pizza was nothing compared to New Haven pizza, but was thin crust and hit the spot. For $6 it would be hard to complain. Drinks were half-price for happy hour, so I was able to get two huge mugs of Fat Tire (aka nectar of the gods) for about $6, while my friend got 2 Buds for the same price. During halftime we played a round of pool on one of the huge pool tables and people-watched as a group of UNLV students played beer pong at one of the designated tables. I highly recommend this bar for anyone who wants to get away from the strip for some good deals on food and beer and a great place to watch your team. BONUS: It is also in a strip mall with a Von's where we were able to stock up on Tecate, limes, water, Gatorade and all of the toiletries we forgot to pack for our trip.
4	PT's has a great happy hour and it is geared towards to people who work throughout the day. You can get all drinks half off and half off pizza at two different times of day.  The service is always fun and friendly. It is a local spot, but I haven't many too many people in these bars, still Vegas seems to be clicky compared to other places I have lived. However, they have some great beers for 3 bucks for a big 32 Oz.  The food is good, along with some have shuffle board, pool, jukebox, and darts.
2	A group of us met up there for a drink and some food.  The place was not busy at all but what do I expect for a Tuesday night.  The server was nice but was really slow.  She even forgot a round we had ordered.  The real disappointment was the food.  We ordered wings and tenders typical bar food.  The wing were small and overcooked.  The tenders were as small as the wings and also overcooked.   All which had no flavor.  Really, I have had better chicken at KFC and I hate that place.  We would have said something to the server but she was hard to find.  Wouldn't be returning to this bar.
3	They have a pretty good special for half off drinks and pizza from 12am - 3am and 4pm-7pm. Got me a pear cider. Cold. Just the way I like it. This one has a sort of weird vibe, i like the Gold one a little down the road off of silverado across the street from the Fresh and Easy.
3	Like the other PT's on Silverado better. I mean let's face it all PT's are pretty much the same accept for the service you receive. I have been to this one a couple of times and for the most part the service has been average. All the times I was there is was not busy and yet servers and bartenders seems more interested in just hanging out with each other and regulars than making sure everyone was good.
3	Local watering hole - decent food and nice service. Great place to get away from the heat!
2	Nice and clean layout, Ashley is a great waitress, but I'm disappointed because my husband and I each put $40 in the machine and were charged for all our beers. We were putting our money in and ordering. When I addressed it with the bartender she said we were not playing so she charges full. We sponge $80 on machines and $50 in food and drinks. We will just take that money to the pts up the street from now on.
1	Rudest staff I have ever experienced! I have been going to various PT's for years with friends. This was my first time to this location and absolutely will be my last. We showed up and there were only 5 people in the whole place and not busy at all. The only bartender working got our food orders wrong, made horrific drinks and spent most of her time chatting up and smoking with her regulars over in the corner. She ended up raising her voice and yelling at us when we said our food order was wrong and that WE told her the wrong order and she put it in right! I asked to see a manager and guess what...she WAS the manager! This woman clearly has personal issues and is not qualified at all to be a manager, let alone be behind the bar.This is the worst experience I have ever had at a restaurant or bar and this place does not represent the quality of the other PT'S around town.  Guess there was a reason there were only a handful of people in the bar on a Saturday.  I feel bad for the employees of this place having to work for a manager like this and hope upper management makes changes to this location sooner than later.
2	I'm just really sick of poor customer service. Customer service, that, when you first visit, seems great! But then you keep coming back and you realize it's just a big facade. I've come to very much dislike this place. Over the course of 1 month, we've slowly been treated less and less like anything valuable. Never get anything comped although we play a bunch. Every single thing we ask for seems like the biggest inconvenience. Just disappointed, and will not be returning. Boo.
5	For a place to have good drinks, play pool, and chill this is the place to go, never really super busy so service is always pretty good. Bluemoon always cold and fresh.
