4	I went in to this location on a whim because I was so sick of my hair.  I was thinking about cutting it myself it was so bad! Instead, I made the right decision and went in to Supercuts for a quick trim.  The girl (I dont know her name) was very friendly and helpful.  I told her that i love my long hair and want to try and salvage as much of it as possible.  She was able to save my hair by only cutting 2 inches and doing long layers to cut the other damaged areas.  She also did a great job doing my bangs the way I wanted her too.  My only problem is that I wanted her advise on doing highlights or coloring and asked if she could do it for me that night.  She told me that it was too late in the night because they typically stop coloring at 6:30.  At this time I had no idea what time it was.  A few minutes later I was done and out the door to discover it was 6:45.  So I was slightly upset that she wouldn't do the coloring because I missed it by 15 minutes but at the same time I understand not wanting to stay longer than needed.  I plan on finding a more permanent hair sytlist but if I ever need a quick cut I will definitely come back here.
5	I'm in the military and getting your hair cut on base is cheap, but you get what you pay for. I'd been going to a nearby Great Clips for the last few years and it feels like they'll hire just about anyone. So, I floated around to a few other places yesterday; Hair Cutte didn't feel right, another barber shop near the house seemed run down on the inside, and my third stop was this Supercuts. A nice, clean facility and Nicole gave me the best haircut I've had in years. Thanks!!
1	With only one person in front of me it took almost an hour between waiting and getting my haircut before I left. On top of that it was a pretty bad haircut. The front and back or my hair were both crooked and my side burns were trimmed so that they come down no where near level. I was gonna go back and have them fix it but they already took up enough of my time and I did it myself at home. Won't be going back.
2	It was Eh.  My boyfriend went in there with a totally botched haircut from another Supercuts so I went with him to make sure he didn't look like a marine again and, well, it was better.  We had the blond chick with piercings and she was nice and did a pretty good fade but missed some hairs in the front and failed to notice the hair behind his ears needed to be cut as well.  The previous person also shaved one side of his head waaay too much and when we left this place, it looked even more noticeable than when we walked in.  My advice with Supercuts, in general: find that one person that can cut your hair well and ask for that person EVERY time because it's always more miss than hit with this chain.
