1	I have visited this location a couple of times now because I am sometimes in this area for business reasons. This Green Leaf's location is located in the food court of the newly opened Phoenix Premium Outlets and let me tell you the food court has very limited options. Unfortunately none of them are very good. Green Leaf's is especially bad. I came here for the first time a couple of days after the restaurant first opened. I ordered one of the hot chipotle turkey Panini's off of the sandwiches menu. There were maybe 3 or 4 people in line ahead of me and I could tell that the new employees were quite flustered and hadn't quite gotten the hang of things yet which is fine because they are still learning. It took about ten minutes for me to place my order and because of the way the line is set up, you give your order first and then pay but people were getting confused and cutting in front of each other and it took another five minutes to pay for what I had ordered. That is when the real waiting game began. A woman in front of me had also ordered a Panini but a different one than I had. We both waited over to the side for about fifteen minutes. After waiting twenty minutes for our food we both went up and asked why it was taking so long. One of the employees came over and said oh both of your sandwiches are coming out right now. He brought both sandwiches over wrapped up and handed them over the counter. We asked which was which. He had forgotten. He said to give them back over and he would cut into them and see which one was the correct one. He proceeded to hand both sandwiches to the other woman who had ordered the Panini before me. I said wait a minute, that is my sandwich. He quickly yanked it away from her and said very aggressively I KNOW WHICH ONE IS YOURS! I said politely well thank you for being so aware of the situation that you just yanked that out of your customers hands and for the fact that we have been waiting for over twenty minutes for our sandwiches. I understand that the restaurant just opened but he crossed the line when he got an attitude. I don't know his name but he has a beard and my second (and last visit) to this restaurant found out the he is a manager which is horrible in my opinion. I hope the owners become aware of the way he is talking to customers. That was strike one and two for me. The sandwich was actually very good on this first visit which was the only redeeming factor.On the second visit it was a slow Tuesday afternoon. I was the only one in line and ordered the same thing, a hot turkey chipolte panini. The same unpleasant bearded gentleman took my order. He was nicer this time around. He did seem to joking around in the back with his employees before coming out to take my order. The reason I know that he is a manager is because I observed one of the other employees asking him to approve a discount. He proceeded to make my sandwich which still took about fifteen minutes despite there being no one else in line. I was in a little bit of hurry that day because I needed to get to a meeting. I got my sandwich and started to eat it on the patio outside. It was all wrong. It had chicken breast instead of turkey with avacado and then a pesto sauce, definitely NOT turkey chipolte. He had probably given someone else's sandwich just like the last time it had almost happened. It did not taste very good at all and the combonation of flavors was horrible. I got extremely sick the night after eating this and with the attention that is being paid by management it is pretty clear to me why. It is shame that such a new restaurant that is one of the only healthy options around is so poorly run. Also very expensive ($7-$12) for a salad or sandwich combo and it does not live up to this quality.If you are in the Phoenix Premium Outlets area I do not recommend eating here. I have also had coworkers get extremely ill after consuming smoothies from the Banana's smoothie side of this restaurant. Bad, bad, bad!
1	Absolutely terrible service.  This place needs a lesson on organization and customer service.  My experience is similar to other reviews, but they have obviously been open for awhile now and you'd think they would have worked the bugs out by now.  While shopping at the outlets with my family we stopped for lunch in the food court and were happy to see there was at least 1 somewhat healthy option.  We waited in a very slow moving line for almost 10 minutes to place our order.  I ordered the chicken panini without avocado, the turkey BLT without avocado and a tuna wrap.  The girl taking our order seemed flustered and a bit rude.  She handed me our receipt but said nothing about how we would be alerted when our order was ready.  Do we just guess?  We waited almost 20 minutes for the order.  The people waiting were in a crowd to the side of the registers where another (older woman) kept asking if we were waiting for a salad.  I told her that we were just waiting for our order and she quickly replied that everything is made fresh so it takes awhile. (This could be remedied by having more than one lone person prepare the orders, no?) Anyway, after a terribly long wait, we sat down to find that both the sandwiches had avocado, and my tuna salad wrap somehow became a chicken salad wrap with fruit and nuts in it! (Which I dislike!!). But, we had waited so long and were so aggravated we didn't even bother going up to complain...I didn't have another 20 minutes to stand there waiting!  So here I am making sure I YELP about it.  Spare yourself the agony...do not go here! ;)
5	Had the grilled chicken avocado panini and the tex-mex salad, both were amazing. Really wish there were more places like this around the valley.
3	Pretty pricey- I paid almost $10 for a wrap and fruit cup. I guess that is the price of eating healthy. They need a "order here" sign and a "pick up here" sign. People just stand around at the salad counter waiting to order and then come to find out you have to go to a specific one of their two registers. On the plus side, my wrap was made quickly and tasted good. Much better than the other "healthy" option- Subway.
2	Lackluster food that is pricey for what you get. When I ate here I got a mozzarella tomato panini, and the staff seemed still quite new and were confused as to how to put in the order and make the sandwich. As a result, there was a very long wait for this seemingly simple sandwich. The sandwich itself was small with ingredients that didn't justify the high prices, with an unremarkable taste.
1	Great Idea - poor execution! Someone needs to look at the systems and food quality then train staff on service and efficiency. Very expensive for lettuce and a few tomatoes. Dressings and marinated chicken kill the nutritional value. It will never last at the rate they are going.
1	This place was disgusting. Came here at the Arizona mills location. I had the chicken chipotle panini. It sounded good. Once I got it and ate half of the sandwich I felt extremely weird and felt like I ate a ton of hormones. Probably in the chicken. Not going there again.
1	Just came here today... Haven't tried the food yet... But the service of the cashier is really bad. Her name is Keisha, it looks like she doesn't like her job... Just hope the management sees this...
4	I enjoyed my salad with the sweet chili dressing. It was spicy. I did observe the gentleman before me sandwich was prepared wrong and my soup was cold. They were apologetic and fixed the problems. I will be going back. I don't mind paying more for good food. I do think the staff needs a little more training.(Az Mills mall)
5	Grrr they don't have same things at both locations. I wanted sweet chili dressing but they did not have it at the Premium Outlet Location. So, the lady went in the back got me a container of the marinade used for it so I could take home and made it myself cutting it with honey mustard and BAM! I got my sauce! Now that is service. I will call her boss tomorrow and tell him about that. :)
1	I ordered a chicken avocado sandwich. I was expecting freshly made. The lady got the sandwich from the fridge and just put avocado and put it to panini grill. What the heck was that?! If wanted that, I could've made my own sandwich at home. My Over all, experience was not good. Subway makes better sandwich than them and it's freshly made in the spot. It was $7.69 just for that! I also ordered protein builder shake for $4.99 and I think I could've done better! Just saying! Honey water, old banana from previous sale, strawberries and cheap looking peanut butter. Never again. Definitely not coming back on this location. AZ mills location is better than this! Ok that's all. Bye
1	Stopped in here on Sunday with a couple friends.  I wish I could say we had a great experience but unfortunately it's quite the opposite.  A couple of things come to mind...1. It's coupled with a yogurt place and the gentleman who was helping us with our yogurt order spoke very poor english.  2.  The woman "helping" was only interested in know if we were done yet and not interested in helping the poor guy with 3 orders of yogurt.  She was pushy to get us to the register to pay for our greatly overpriced yogurts and water, but did NOTHING to speed up the process.  3.  We paid $25.83 for 3 small yogurt cups and 3 bottles of water!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Not only did I almost throw up in my mouth because of the price of the yogurt...but the yogurt was AWFUL!  Too thick, and flavorless.  Only two flavors to choose from anyway and neither one were worth $1 let alone $25!  We will NEVER come back to this place for anything, not even directions....I think some training in the customer service dept is desperately needed and a lesson in yogurt making.  Oh and while you're at it...can you hire someone with a handle on the english language too please.
