4	I like brio... i think the food is good, however for the price some of the things are not worth it... You can get a decent (at best) chicken parm for about double the price of olive garden... but things like the pasta fra diavolo chicken are out of this world and keep me going back!  The desserts are not bad either...  I find the service very friendly... but sometimes a lil talkative...All in all the place is good for a nice dinner but over priced compared to some places...
1	I went back for a second time to Brio since the first had been un-memorable in a large group. The decoration is nice and seems to have a cool bar.The food is mediocre at best, overpriced for what it is, bad mixed drinks. Service is OK.
2	I went to Brio with my new employeer on my first day at work.  It is within walking distance of our office.  I have returned twice since that first visit.  The food is overpriced.  I got the chicken arriabiatta sandwich, and while it was good there was some less-than-great quality chicken in there.  The desserts are perfectly sized for lunch (espresso cup-sized for $2).  It is almost impossible to resist dessert when it's that cheap and that small.We have also tried the pork chop, the tuna appetizer, and an omelet at brunch - all items were good, but too pricey to be worth it.I'll save this one for when I'm using the expense account.
5	I came here for lunch once because most of the restaurants in this area are fantastic. It's South Park, of course they're fantastic. I'd rate the food 5 stars. I'd also rate the service, restaurant location, and interior decor 5 stars too. I went alone for this visit and the waiter asked if I would like some reading material. When I told him I'd like that, he came back with the day's Charlotte newspaper and a South Park monthly magazine. As you can tell, phenomenal service.For my visit I had the lobster bisque and pork chop for my meal, both of which I could eat again because they were just so good. Definitely need to make more visits there.
3	The strangest thing about Brio is that it's setting it looks like a movie set, without any extras. A pristine street with a fountain, perfect brick streets but empty as all hell. It was lunch, we were starving so we stumbled in. They seated us quickly, the ambiance was pleasant but not note worthy, we outside in our disturbingly quiet area and found it quite pleasant. Ladies who lunch, dripping with jewels and puffy clouds passing by, then it came down to the food. Brio is a great place for lunch for people who have already eaten lunch because the portions are small. I had crab and shrimp cakes that were miniature in size at best, with a side of veggies and potatoes drenched in olive oil. As tasty as it all was, I would have needed to eat bread with two hands for an hour to fill me up. In closing, nice and quiet during the week, good food, expensively priced but if I was in  in town again...I'd probably go back.
4	It was a beautiful afternoon in November, who could say no to eating outdoors?! Went for lunch. I got the Mediterranean pasta. The portion size was good and the quality was delicious! My husband got the crab cakes. We're not familiar with crab cakes, but the people we were with said they were the best they've ever had. The rolls were sourdough, my favorite! This was my first time eating in Piedmont Row. We ate out on the patio to enjoy the sun and watching all the other people doing the same. There's a great fountain in the middle of a variety of restaurants...makes it feel high end. Atmosphere was beautiful. The service was great! It made for an easy afternoon and I could have stayed there all afternoon. Bathrooms were spacious, clean, and private.
3	Eaten lunch here multiple times, good not great. If you are in the area a nice place for lunch. I have not done dinner here so I do know.
4	My sister lives on Piedmont Row and we have been to Brio several times.  We have yet to be disappointed.  The waitstaff is always very attentive and the food is very good.  It can be a little bit of a wait on certain weeknights and weekends, but they do a very good job of managing their tables and getting you in as quickly as possible.  I will go again and again!
3	I used to eat lunch here about 3 times a week. The patio is great and the bar is comfortable. When I was there they had a great "happy hour" where appetizers and small menu items were about 5.95. They carry Sketchbook Cab by the glass which was my staple and the wait staff is very professional and sweet. The managers are great too.. Say Hi to Julian for me.. My faves were "The Salmon Salad" and the "Chicken Parmigiana" as well as the "Wedding Soup"  and the cute little mini tiramisu in a cup. The take a long time to make a cappuccino though and it is always scolding HOT, so if you are like me and want an after meal coffee, make sure to tell them about 10 minutes before you actually want it.The main dining room has many big booths and they are great for when you are having a working lunch, you have room for your note pads and things. The patio is great for chillin out with appetizers and wine in the summer time.. the place does get packed during special occasions, but they move pretty quick.. I used to get sick of Brio, simply because it was the place downstairs from where I worked, but actually it was great to have them so close on those days when deadlines did not permit me to sit down and eat in peace.. the take out is just as good..
5	I went to a BRIO for lunch several years ago in Orlando.  It was okay, but nothing that really stood out.  We went to the BRIO in Southpark the other night for dinner, and my opinion has totally changed.  We had an exceptional experience, despite the restaurant being SO busy and filled with very large parties that prevented our server from visiting us very often.  The atmosphere and food were both fantastic.  We started with a sausage bruschetta.  It was delicious, but a little on the small side for the pricing.  I ordered the wedge salad next, that was topped with blue cheese, bacon, etc.  It's the salad where you have to do all the chef's work, but for some reason I love it.  We went for Charlotte Restaurant Week (the Queen's Feast), but ended up just picking from the regular menu because (a) it was cheaper and (b) it had even better choices.  I ordered the Shrimp & Scallop Risotto.  It was creamy and also flavored with pesto.  It was SO flavorful.  I'd definitely order that again. We left at 10:00 PM and it was still crazy busy in the restaurant.  It must have been the place to be!  On the way out, we noticed that had a nice, big outdoor seating area.  We may just have to go back when it warms up here again!
2	Service wise: terrible! We made an 8:30 reservation as a back up plan but were able o arrive by 7:00. When we checked in with the host he proceed to give us a rundown of "how restaurant reservations work!" Begrudgingly he sat us 30 mins later. After being seated I asked the waitress what the name of the dessert was at the the table behind us was eating.  When she replied "mini desserts" I tried to clarify if that's what they are called on the menu. She brushed me off and said "I'll bring them out to you when it's time." She also hardly checked in with us and spilled water all over my friend's bread plate. HORRIBLE service!Ambiane: classy. High celings, classy decor, clean.Food: pretty good. The lemon chicken came with orzo and sweet potatoes that were great, and the side of grilled asparagus was delish.The service and they way they treat customers make this a 2 star place. I would not go back and support such a restaurant.
3	I brought 10 people for a work dinner here a few weeks ago. I found the food to be good, and the actually thought the carpaccio was some of the best in town. The problem, and it was a big problem, was the service was terrible. I know large parties can slow it down but my food was placed in front of three other people at my table and one of our guest didn't even get his entree. Of course parties of 10 still get charged the 18%, which I don't mind paying if everyone gets served their food at the same time.
4	A consistently good (albeit a bit pricey for the quality) Italian spot with pretty standard fare.  Though the crowd can sometimes be a bit more dressed up than the food would suggest, we have found it to be relatively kid-friendly ... in our experience the wait staff (which overall comes across more as one you'd find in a franchised setting -- not really 'professional waiters') has responded surprisingly well to the usual needs of a young family (quickly getting kids' food out to the table, checking in frequently, etc).  Lots of seating indoors and out, so pretty easy to get a table when we've gone.
4	Being an Italian girl, I am very picky about the Italian food. When I go out to eat, very rarely do I opt for Italian since I can make most of the dishes at home. However, I had a BOGO coupon for this place and decided to check it out. It was a gorgeous night so we had a short wait for the patio area. I like how they have cushioned seats outside where you can get drinks and also eat if you choose to instead of waiting for a table. They had an intriguing selection of wine and I had a smooth, robust pinot noir while waiting for our table.The service could have been better as our waiter wasn't too attentive. He did the job but forgot an item or two that we requested however the artichoke crusted beef medallions redeemed the bad service. They were absolutely perfect---cooked just how I ordered and they melted in my mouth. It was served with mashed potatoes and a hearty portion of fresh veggies and I couldn't have asked for a better meal. Others got the pasta which wasn't drowning in sauce, which is a nice change of pace compared to some Italian restaurants in the area. The chopped salad was wonderful as well-it reminded me of a greek salad.I absolutely love the patio area, selection of wine and was very happy my meal along with the variety of their menu. They had traditional Italian dishes along with more modern Italian dishes so you can go old school or new.
3	Been here several times and it's pretty good. For a smaller Italian chain, it's menu is surprisingly detailed with many entrees, pasta, apps and salads. They have a nice outdoor patio and relaxing bar area. Been here for semi-private dining before as well and the space is large enough for a small work function/dinner. I usually get the veal marsala which is is good, though the portion is a little small. All in all a nice inexpensive option to the Piedmont area that contains Del Frisco's & Georges Brassiere
4	Brio, Brio, Brio.  The location, outdoor space, and aesthetic is great.  There is complimentary valet and they were very quick to return my car upon exiting.  The food was pretty good.  I had some Mahi Mahi that was on special enjoyed it, but was not blown away.  I don't recall much about the service, but I think that is a good thing.  Given the upscale environs the price is also good.  You can get away with salad, dinner, and drink for about $30.  The beer selection is minimal, only national brands.  Good spot, sit outside.
4	i love my italian food and this place is great specially for a non traditional chain type of italian restaurant. the prices are really reasonable, always great service and a nice atmosphere. there complimentary breads are also really good.  i have been there a half dozen times and never had an issue. i recommend taking advantage of the valet parking as the parking situation in piedmont is not always to convenient.
4	A wonderful restaurant with class, great service and a nice menu.  The outdoor area is huge and heated in cooler winter nights.Our 4-year old grandaughter loves Brio and insists on sitting inside!We have done lunch and dinner here and celebrate Mother's Day and other special occasions at Brio when we are in-town.Everything is good.  What can I say beyond that?  Give it a try and I am sure you will agree.
2	Fancy, but for the food not worth it...although the selection is great
5	I love the place, we go at least once a week. I have all my freinds hooked on Brio's food.  We always go for the 4-7 appettizers for 2.97 each, most are surprised when they see the portions of these apps for 2.97.  The shrimptini is out of this world, my freind is allergic to shrimp but said how tasty it looked.  The shirmp had the best flavor and cocktail sauce and I dont like cocktail sauce but this will eat.  The margarita flatbread with the goat cheese is so light and wonderful. The steak bruschettaa with balsamic reduction mmmm  we end  up with two orders every time. You have to eat in the bar or patio area for these apps. We sat outside last week and they were great to us. They inclosed it for us and turned on the lamps to keep us warm it was beautiful sitting outside looking up and we werent freezing to death.  If your on a budget this is great a few freinds share some great apps and than head over to San Antonio for the 1 margarita :)
4	Brios does an amazing salad. My favorite has been the sliced steak salad.  Tonight I had their wedge salad with bacon, tomato and dressing.  Absolutely fantastic.
5	We went to Brio last night to celebrate my birthday.  I had signed up for Brio's email club several months ago and got an email wishing me a happy birthday and offering me a free surf & turf dinner ($30 value!).  Naturally, I couldn't pass that up.  Plus, we had been to Brio before and had an exceptional time.  This time, though, we brought my partner's kids.  I was very impressed with the kids' menu.  It was quite extensive.  There were regular kids' portion size items and then there were bigger portion options for older kids.  Some were full dinners -- grilled chicken or a pork chop with mashed potatoes and broccoli!  Then there's the create your own pizza where kids can choose three items on top of their humongous-sized pizza (it's literally enough for two meals).  Anyway, enough with the kids' stuff.  I don't order steak out very often, but I have to say that the filet served with my surf & turf dinner was one of THE most amazing pieces of steak I've ever had.  It was so thick, tender, and perfectly cooked and seared.  I savored each and every bite, and there were a lot of them.  The crab & shrimp cake that I was looking forward to was delicious, too, but the filet really overshadowed it, both in size and taste.  Rounding out the meal were roasted veggies and potatoes.  It was just the perfect amount of food so I wouldn't be overstuffed for the birthday cake that was waiting for me at home. :)My partner ordered the Sweet Potato & Chicken Risotto, which was prepared with pancetta, roasted chicken and sweet potatoes, grilled asparagus, Parmigiano-Reggiano, and pine nuts.  Our server described it as "Thanksgiving in a bowl," but it was SO much more than that.  I tried a taste of it and it was incredible.  It had so much flavor to it, including hints of wine.  My partner gobbled it right up (pun intended).  I seriously think he could have eaten another bowlful.  Brio may look intimidating, but they're not as formal or pricey as one might expect.  Plus, they have a great, spacious, comfortable bar area, which I hope to experience sometime.
4	How dare I take this long to review this place.  We went here with a large group about a month ago and simply loved it.  The service, food, atmosphere was top notch.  The bruschetta was perfect and was the best starter for any meal.  I got the crab linguini and will probably never order anything else from now on.  Though, I heard the ravioli is superb and their best item.  I really love the surrounding area outside the restaurant as well.  There is a ton of other restaurants and scenic spots to wander around to.  This was such a fun and energetic spot.. Give it a shot.. Enjoy!-Ian M.
4	First time visiting Brio. I had the lamb chops, served with mashed potatoes and asparagus.It was great! The lamb was cooked the way I liked it and seasoned well.The Merlot I had was good also!I don't have a lengthy review to write about Brio, but it is a restaurant that I would try again!
4	Being from New York I can't always come here but every time I come to NC I run to this place.  I happen to dream about their lobster bisque...it is a must! The bisque is not that fishy...it is just right!  Service is a hit or miss but I've had worse service so their "miss" is really not that bad, the person may come over to refill your drink only to find out that you had ordered something else.  Anything from the menu would be a sure thing. I highly recommend this place!
4	Came here for a date night - it was awesome.  Good wine, good food, good conversation, gorgeous date!  Make it even more special, it was the day that the earnings came out for BBRG - only if I had bought stock in them back in April, I could've had Brio paying for my dinner based on the stock price!  Oh well.Gotta go for the pork chops.  A co-worker of mine who hadn't dined there suggested I get the pork chops and being the malleable easy-going dude that I am, I said why not.  Pork chops were the best ever. Hands down - I don't know/care what else is on the menu, but it was, as my friends like to say, bomb diesel. :/Truly a 4.5 - the only thing that kind of killed the 5 star potential was the desserts.  The creme brulee, a standard of any good restaurant, needs to be immaculate.  Theirs, however left much to be desired.  Thin crust and it was actually burnt a little bit - worst part was they tried to camoflauge it by putting a strawberry on top.  Sneaky, sneaky, but you won't get passed me!Like I said, everything aside from the creme brulee was ON POINT.  I'd like to think my first date went well too because I was so funny, good-looking, smart, and of course, modest... but on balance, it was probably the restaurant that did all the legwork.  THANKS BRIO.dmo out.
3	All I can remember about this place was the amazing raspberry ricotta cheesecake I shared with my sister.  And for that I will give it 3 stars.  Food was ok.  Nothing out of this world.  Service was good and restaurant is nice in appearance.
3	Brio is a nice atmosphere with a great patio.  I have yet to be really wowed by the food or service BUT the best deal is at the bar.  They have a happy hour menu that is half priced and the food is really good.  They also sometimes have live music.  A great place to meet up with friends after work.  They have some tasty flat breads for both the meat lover and the vegetarian and I am a big fan of the extra dirty martinis!  Yes, extra dirty-the more olive juice in my vodka-the better!
4	This is a great place for any meal, specially brunch.Great location in the Piedmont Center and parking is never a problem. Seating is comfortable, they have a great bar area which can extend to the outdoor sitting are, perfect for relaxing during happy hour. By the way, they have great specials for happy hour, good for trying out their apps.Must tries: Bruschetta Quattro, Calamari, Grilled Salmon Salad, Pasta Fra Diavalo and if you are lucky enough to be there at brunch get the stuffed french toast, so delicious!. They have great coffee and small desserts which are perfect. Don't forget to grab some mints on your way out!
5	One of my all time favorites.  Very consistent, great service, delicious food.  Love, love the gorganzola lamb chops.
4	Drinks and an appetizer at the bar. Nice atmosphere, most everyone else were awaiting tables. We ordered the beef carpaccio appetizer and it was delicious, fresh, and just the right size for a light dinner for two. I'd definitely order it again.
4	I am new in town on temporary work assignment from ATL and sat at the bar here for lunch the other day.  I got a chopped side salad, roasted salmon entree with fried green tomatoes, and asparagus for my sides.  The service was awesome and the bar was clean.  The food was special and I really enjoyed the ambiance.Will be back often.
4	I tend to forget about this place when thinking about a dinner out.  That's sad to say because I really enjoy the dishes here.  Great food and the service is as good as any.  Combine that with the decor and dim lighting and it actually makes a pretty good date night location for me and my love.The particular night we were visiting they actually cooked an extra calamari starter plate and offered it to us for free. That's a win!
3	YUM!  This is a great spot for dinner (if you can duck the Sopa cougars!!!)  Service here is outstanding (we got a free plate of calamari - yay!)  Two waiters were by constantly to make sure we had enough water/wine/etc.  They didn't care at all when we lingered over wine after the meal - just great service.  The menu is a bit overwhelming and the smell in the place is so delicious you feel full when you haven't even eaten anything.I had the ravioli - so fresh and delicious.  The sauce was light and tangy - not too garlic-y.  It was way too much food - I had to get a to-go box.    The dim lighting makes everyone gorgeous - this is a great place for first dates!
5	If I ever go back to Charlotte, NC I am returning to this place for many reasons. The food was delicious I had the lobster bisque, best I ever ate. Followed by the roasted garlic & spinach artichoke dip (I couldn't stop eating it), finally the Lunch crab cakes. The service was amazing, only wish I could have remembered her name. The restaurant was immaculate and so was the rest rooms. Only negatives were there was no changing station for our infant. I ordered two pomegranate martini's in which they were both made differently. However, I enjoyed the second much more.
4	I love brio's brunch menu! My favorite is the "Eggs Benedictano." The eggs are poached to perfection and the potatoes are absolutely devine! I had to stop myself from eating. It was a failed attempt at portion control. You know when you're at the point where you're really full, but it's too good to stop eating and you've eaten too much to take home? Yeah.. that's where I was lol This is by far, my FAVORITE place for eggs benedict. The waiter tried to convince me to sway away and get the "Berries & Cream French Toast" which is brioche stuffed with marscapone cream cheese and topped with fresh berries and a vanilla cream cheese drizzle. He made a very convincing argument, but I was craving the eggs benedict. The french toast sounds amazing though so I'll have to try that next time!
3	There's an inexplicable craving that overcomes my friends when they see an upscale restaurant near SouthPark. I can't blame them; great location, valet parking and decor that makes Olive Garden a 70's mom-and-pop Italian Bistro. I could honestly care less about the superficial details of any restaurant. Atmosphere will never hide the taste of mediocre entrees. And that's the case with Brio. The atmosphere of the restaurant is classy, service is great and made me feel relaxed. This all dissipates when your main entrees are served. You're brought back to the reality that there was a hidden cost to this atmosphere. My order was a Chicken Parmesan with their much coveted "Italian Herb Pasta." When you look at the picture of what I was served you will understand why I have the following opinions.It looked like a novice chef beginning his first day on the line. Nothing was special about the meal at all. Herb pasta was probably the only part of the dish that had any new or exciting taste bud busting flavors and even that was short lived. I looked around at the other meals being served at my table and it was pretty much the same. Olive Garden dishes in a fancy location. For the record, Olive Garden is just as sub-par and I'm in no way promoting Olive Garden rather providing a comparison for you to visualize. I'm not a person looking for massive quantities when I come into a place like this, but I'm expecting fresh ingredients. The salad was withered and the fresh vegetables looked just the same. If you're looking for a great dinner atmosphere, then by all means come and enjoy the place. Just remember, "looks aren't everything."
5	I just recently visited this restaurant this past Friday. This restaurant had a really nice crowd, it almost looked full. We did not have to wait, and were helped immediately. Our server was really nice. They had a live cover band performing. The food was really delicious and flavor full. We did not have any complaints. (I ordered the Glaze Salmon w/ Asparagus)
2	I've dined at Brio a number of times at various locations across the nation.  I have always loved the food, atmosphere, and service.  Let me also mention that I also always ordered the same dish (Grilled Salmon Salad) on each visit.  It had been a few years since we had dined at Brio so after I received a certificate for a free entree (steak and shrimp) for my birthday, I thought it would be a great opportunity to go back.  There were 4 of us in our party (me, husband, mother, and son).  We started with drinks (Blue Moon, Sprite, Watermelon Margarita, and Peach Bellini).  The drinks were all very good.  We ordered Calamari for our appetizer and I was very disappointed.  The Calamari appeared to be made from frozen, the batter was bland, and the temperature of the dish was luke warm, at best.Our entrees were also a let down in terms of temperature....especially since we waited a long time for our entrees.  My husband's Sausage Pomodoro was the only dish with steam coming from it, my son's Lasagna was very warm (not hot), and my Mom's Grilled pork chops were barely warm.  I ordered the Steak and Shrimp with Orzo.  The bottom of the scoop of orzo was very warm (not hot), but everything else on the plate was luke warm.  The sauce on the beef was heavily peppered and I had to remove it from the meat in order to eat it.  The Shrimp was also very peppery and I could only eat a couple of them.  When we told that waitress that the food was barely warm, she made a comment that she "didn't make the food".  I know that she was trying to be funny, but I really didn't think it was appropriate nor did she try to make it right.My son and I ordered mini desserts (milk chocolate caramel and tiramisu, respectively).  When the waitress delivered them, she put a candle in mine for my birthday and then told me "I don't sing, so don't ask".  Again...I think she was trying to be funny, but it still seemed a bit cold and unnecessary.  On the bright side...the Tiramisu was pretty decent.The realization of just how poor the meal really was came to light when the bill came.  I've been known to drop some serious money for a great meal and I will never complain about price as long as the meal is great.  However, to have sub-par service, luke warm food, over seasoned sauces (and under seasoned calamari), and a sassy waitress it sickened me to pay $160.00 for that meal!     Sadly, I'm quite sure that I won't be going back to Brio anytime soon.   There are too many good restaurants in South Park to go back to one where I've had a bad meal.
5	Great romantic night on the patio. I recommend going later than fighting thru the rush. Patio was perfect. Take your time here. Have a bottle of wine, the bruschetta sampler, great specials, and shared deserts. Valet was convenient. Greeters hospitable.Our waiter was so kind! I wish I remembered his name for next time. Marco Bella runs a great team of chefs here. Honestly I don't think I'd change a thing.
3	Decent food. Nothing really bad but nothing amazing either.
4	Being in the Southpark area, this is a great place to grab lunch!  Every day they have really good lunch specials and also have a lunch menu which gets you smaller portions of their dinner menu at a discounted price.  Still plenty of food as well!One of my favorite items on the menu is the Wood Grilled Salmon Salad!  The fish is always cooked to perfection and the vegetables in the salad are so fresh!I've also had their panini and the Lobster Bisque!  Can you say decadent?  It is so creamy and rich, you could have a bowl of bisque with a small side salad and it would fill you up!  Plus, you get a yummy basket of bread and crispy flat bread when you are seated and its yummy!
3	I've eaten here many times and have always been pleased. Tonight I dined with a party of 8 in a lovely private area. Our server was very pleasant. The food tonight was ok. Nothing special. Half of our party got our meals 10 minutes before the others. Some orders were wrong. Off night. Unacceptable for the price.
4	I would say 3.5 but I'm rounding up!I know I am late to the game on this one but I just made my way to Brio for the first time this past week!We had our office holiday lunch at Brio and I was pretty impressed with just about everything I tried.  We had a few appetizers--Bruchetta, Spinach and Artichoke dip and the carpaccio served with a crispy flatbread.  Everything was very good.I ordered the shrimp and crabcakes and they were pretty good.  There wasn't much filling so that was impressive.  They were served with veggies and potatoes.  My co-workers tried the eggplant parm (which was decent, not the best I have had) and a couple salads, paninis, etc.  The portions were pretty small but everything was definitely edible.We tried a few of their "dolchinos" for dessert and the lava cake.  The lava cake was awesome and it was served with vanilla gelato.  The dolchinos were just okay.  The chocolate caramel was my favorite but the cheesecake just tasted like melted cream cheese and the lemon one was pukity.  All in all I enjoyed my time at Brio.  I liked the decor/atmosphere.  It was pretty cozy and cute.  It is a little pricey for what you get so I wouldn't make this a frequent stop and I wouldn't really categorize this as Italian food.  I think it is Italian inspired but it is basically an american grille/chain.  However, if in the southpark area it is worth checking out and I hear their brunch is awesome.
3	Went with a business group. Exceptional service from the manager. Food about average. Very good wine selection. Stay away from the steak, and stick with pasta and pizza selection.Beautiful interior. Bar bites menu very good value.
3	Let me start by saying that I visited Brio during restaurant week and had the Queen's menu. This menu changed my feelings about Brio as every other time I have been here the food was very good. I started with the caesar salad which was overdressed and small. Then I had the shrimp orzo - spicy jumbo shrimp served with orzo, asparagus, zucchini, tomatoes and lemon vinaigrette. The vinaigrette was probably the most tasty thing on the plate. The serving was large and for the most part, tasty. For dessert I chose the tiramisu however they informed me they were out at 6:30pm so I opted for the cheescake which was very good. The desserts were mini sizes served in shot glasses. I didn't feel like the meal was worth $30 and if you added up the same items on their regular menu, it only comes to $28 which makes me wonder why I didn't calculate this before ordering the 3 for $30 menu! I was disappointed in the end and probably won't be coming back here for restaurant week again. In general, I like Brio. They have great cocktails and normally good food and portions.
4	Went to Brio with another couple last Saturday night for restaurant week. We were seated upon arrival which is always nice. Our server, Kelly, came to the table quickly and provided excellent service throughout the meal. I have been to Brio several times before and it was always a good experience and so was this time. All of us enjoyed our meals. The atmosphere is very nice too. Restaurant Week in regards to the price is an ok deal but nothing to go out of your way for.
4	Went here last night for my MIL's birthday.  The service was okay - when we asked the waiter to take our photo I'm pretty sure he rolled his eyes.  But the food, the food was AMAZING!  My Hubs & MIL both got the lasagna.  I had the Pasta Alla Vodka and my FIL ordered the Pasta BRIO.  Hubs considers himself a lasagna connoisseur, and he says that the lasagna at Brio is THE BEST in Charlotte (2nd and 3rd place go to Mama Ricotta's and The Open Kitchen).  When asked to describe why Brio is the #1 lasagna in Charlotte he said, "It's better than the other lasagna's because it incorporates alfredo sauce in addition to the red sauce.  I also believe that it's not sliced out of a large pan but built to order with fresh pasta.  It's also very meaty.  Can't be beat."  My FIL took a bite of the lasagna and said, "That's the best thing I've ever eaten." :-)I'm also convinced that my pasta alla vodka was made to order with fresh pasta and it was phenomenal.If you're looking for a great italian meal in CLT you have to try Brio - and I highly recommend reservations, there was a big crowd on Saturday night.
2	NOTE: this review and rating are for the dinner main dining room experience. For the life of me I don't understand why I keep getting really bad dinner service at this restaurant, which is unfortunate because the food and ambiance are both of decent quality. This past Friday I went to meet up with my friends at Piedmont Row for the golf tournament after party. I suppose all the establishments were aware of the special event and thus the crowd.  After mingling and enjoying a cigar, we came over for a quick bite. The hostess was nice and prompt, but that's the end of the pleasant experience.I don't recall the waiter's name, likely because he never greeted us or introduced himself. Heck, I don't think he smiled once. I guess he was on his "barely minimum effort" mode.  He barely paid attention. He barely took our order and brought our food.  I had to wait until my soup was cold to get bread to soak it with. The kicker was when the only guy at our table of 4 said to him "put the appetizer on my bill," he came back with the appetizer split among all of us, then looked at us like we caused this, and half heartedly offered to redo the check by his manager (as in he had no intention of redoing it). Our guy friend felt awful, and we were all pissed. Oh, the food was good, the soup is always delicious, and the mushroom ravioli could have more sauce. But the service was so bad we couldn't really enjoy the food. MANAGEMENT: if you are reading this, please be selective with who you hired. This is my 2nd time stuck with the most uncaring server (ironically the same booth, 2nd to the last row, 1st booth near window). If they don't want their job or tip, I am sure someone else would. To end on a better note, they have a great happy hour menu, which restarts after 9pm. And their bar service is normally consistently decent
4	I had always wanted to check out this location since I've been to one in Houston. Place: I like the atmosphere. It has a cozy vibe to it. When we went on a weeknight, there was a live band playing in the bar area. It was nice to see, although a little too loud if you were seated nearby in the dining room. Food: There is a variety of food you can choose from the menu. I played safe with angel hair shrimp scampi. It was good and fulfilling. My husband ordered chicken pasta in white sauce, that he liked. Overall, the food was not bad at all. I would definitely come back to try other food items. We made room for dessert, chocolate molten lava cake that we ending up crushing :) in less than 10 minutes. Need more vanilla ice cream!Service: good and attentive. Our waitress was kind and offered suggestions in placing our order.
4	Took my mom here for Mother's Day brunch. The French toast was great, wish their brunch menu had more selections but the patio view was the real reason we came. Great atmosphere on a beautiful day with family. What more could you ask for?
4	So service here can be hit or miss. I totally understand why people give them bad reviews based on that because I've had some fairly crappy waiters. Whether it be incompetence or haughtiness (I've had both types) they should really work on that.  However they have some really REALLY good food here. Not everything is amazing but there have been some stand out things.  I love LOVE their sweet potato and chicken risotto!! Seriously I would cry if they got rid of it. I don't like asparagus but I will eat it in this that's how good it is lol.  My partner in crime absolutely loves the Ravioli di Bello (lots of mushrooms). I've tried various appetizers which had all been decent and the desserts are good. My favorite is the chocolate chip bread pudding seriously sooo good :-)  Even with the hit or miss service I still will give this place 4 stars because the good is so good!!
3	Dined there for lunch. My friend and I both had the lunch special which was a Seafood Salad. The salad consisted of mixed greens with tomato's, Gorgonzola cheese, pine nuts, 1 crab cake, a few shrimp and pieces of lobster. It was very tasty and very pricey. $20. YIKES! The problem was my salad also came with a rather long piece of plastic mixed in. Luckily I found it before I started eating. Our waitress was not around so we flagged down another. They quickly replace the salad, sans the plastic but didn't seem to upset about the mistake. The service was OK and the atmosphere was nice.
4	Not only does this place have a slamming happy hour menu ($3.95 for specific apps and $5 drink specials) daily, there's also a $5 martini night on Wednesday at the bar...  I only love one thing more than good food and good drinks which is reasonably priced good food and drinks... lolI've been to this location numerous times and the service is always top notch... My favorite dishes are the sausage and pepperoni flatbread (which is incredibly light and crisp, but still filling), the spinach artichoke dip (which comes with some absolutely awesome pita points and is also super tasty), the Brio Burger (which is pretty standard, but still delish) and the frittata al forno (which was my yummy brunch choice)... The prices are not incredibly high during regular times, so that's good... The patio is really nice on warm days... The only thing is you should definitely go early or late for the happy hour because their bar fills up quickly!  Happy hour is from 4:00 pm until 7:00 pm and starts up again from 9:00 pm until closing...
4	Having lived in Virginia before coming to Charlotte, I frequented the Brio in Tysons Corner quite often. It was a nice place for lunch and dinner with friends. Since moving, I've visited this location three times and it does not disappoint. This location has a larger dining room and bar area than the one that I was accustomed to. And since the VA one was in a mall, it lacked the outdoor seating that this one has. Which is a definite plus!The food here is terrific. I'm a fan of their pastas. Good portions, nice flavor. Good stuff.We also had the chocolate molten lava cake. I must say, it was delicious. Service was fast and attentive. Our meal was out pretty quick. Our waitress was especially warm and personable and gave her share of suggestions. Price isn't bad. Definitely a nice place to take a special someone to dinner. The bar area is cool too. And apparently they have appetizer specials in the bar area on weeknights.Definitely worth checking out!
5	One of the best meals I've had in a long time...or ever. We came in drenched from a mini-typhoon, but were warmed right up by friendly service, a mellow acoustic band playing some folk and classic rock classics, and delightful food. My parents and wife and I were new to Charlotte and we were looking for a few good meals.  Brio definitely pleased.  All four of us were very pleased with our entrees (I had the pork chops). Based on the reviews I've read for Barrington's, it seems like it's a local favorite. However, I have to say that even after eating at Barringtons a couple of nights later, we unanimously all preferred Brio.
5	I love coming here when I'm craving Italian cuisine! The food is always great, but my favorites are the Ravioli de Bello and the Lobster & Shrimp Fettuccine. The service is always friendly and helpful, and I love to see that everything is always consistent. Overall, great food, polite customer service, and a beautiful location!
4	My family and I chose to celebrate my dad's birthday this year at Brio's and we were not disappointed. We made reservations for 6:00pm on Sunday night. This was the perfect time, the place was not overwhelmingly busy and our service was fast. Here's a rundown of our night: Drinks:They serve some signature sangarias and martinis for only $5 so we helped ourselves to the White Peach Sangaria and a Cosmo. Both were pretty good (a little light on the liquor) but still very tasty. Appetizers:My dad ordered the lobster bisque. It was fabulous! Very creamy and rich...with perfect flavors...Be prepared to practically lick the bowl! Yum. My mom had the Chopped Salad-cucumbers, tomatoes, feta cheese and black olives. It was also very tasty! Really good combination of flavors...and the dressing was delicious. I chose the Bistecca Insalata which is basically their version of a wedge salad. It's a wedge topped with Gorgonzola cheese and bacon with a creamy Parmesan dressing. I was a little disappointed with the ratio of lettuce to toppings...I could have used more cheese and bacon BUT the dressing was divine! Like, so good I asked for extra so I could dip the bread in it! Ha. Dinner:My dad chose the Sausage Peperonata Pomodora it comes with sausage over angel hair pasta and tomatoes....delicious! It was a huge portion and the sauce was awesome! My dad really enjoyed it!  My mom had the crab and lobster cakes again winners...nice chunks of crab and lobster not a lot of filling or breading....I'm still dreaming about them! Mmmmm....I chose the Gorgonzola Crusted Bistecca with the filet and it was perfect. O.M.G! The meat was so tender and juicy! And the steak came out exactly as I ordered...and that cheese was to die for..I could seriously eat this...again and again! The only downer was the veggies, they were a little over cooked and not seasoned to my liking. But when everything else is so delicious this seems irrelevant! We were wayyy too full for dessert! But everything on the tray they bring around looked wonderful! I'm definitely trying something on my next visit! Go ahead! Give Brio a try! It's definitely worth it!
4	6 of us enjoyed our service a lot.  great place to enjoy a special night out with a reasonable price.  a mixed drink i ordered stated that with fresh basil, unfortunately came without it and blend.  the lamb chops i ordered medium came out well done, had to send it back.  the beef carpaccio and the steak special tasted so good that we  had to order the 2nd round.  overall we enjoyed the experience a lot and the service is great
3	They charged me the drink I sent back, not cool
5	This past Monday was my roommates birthday so we went to celebrate and came to this place. Talking about wonderful! The service, ambiance, the happy hour and 3.95 food specials are the best! Love it b/c it's a nice chill spot to go to relax after a long day of work or to just lounge and kick it.
5	This was my first time inside Brio. I've seen it often when around Southpark. But I was definitely pleased to experience it finally. We had a ladies night full with drinks and dinner. We were planning to meet at 7:30 on Saturday night, but we decided an hour before maybe we should call to see about the wait. Thank goodness that we did. They had call ahead sitting. By the time we all got there, we were only waiting maybe 10min. With drinks, that was no time. About my food, it was excellent - everything. We tried apps, pasta, seafood, and dessert. All delicious. The crab dip was very good. I only wish they gave you more. I ordered the Lobster and Shrimp Pasta. Beyond tasty. A little spicy, but delicious. All my favorite ingredients, seafood (lobster/shrimp), mushrooms, cheese, noodles and it had tomatoes and green onions. It was a lot for a dinner portion, so I had lunch the next day. Now on to the dessert. We tried the sampler - Bread Pudding, Creme Brulee, and Apple Crisp, as everything looked good. My favorite the Creme Brulee. Very well made. Now I saved my favorite for last - their Flirtinis drink. Absolutely amazing! They were medium in terms of alcohol level to me. But they were so sweet and went down smooth. I also tasted the two Sangrias, but the Fliritini was the best.Loved, loved. I want to go back now.
4	The food--excellent. Especially the crab and shrimp crab-cakes. I have also tried a roasted lamb dish that was done perfectly. The interior--classy, but also provides a comfortable dining experience. Prices are reasonable $$-$$$.Kudos to this particular location though. I actually went to Brio the last time I was in Atlanta, and while the food was good, service was very, very slow. Not the case here. Service is great and food/drinks come out in a timely manner, even when it's busy. I have gone to a couple more expensive Tuscan/Mediterranean style restaurants downtown, only to find out, I prefer the food here. Excellent!
5	Brio's is one of my favorite dinner spots when visiting my grandmother in Charlotte, and I never would have known it's a chain unless I looked at their website.  This location has complimentary valet which is a huge plus given the location.  The restaurant is HUGE so it can get a little loud, but not overly so.  Outdoor seating was not open when I was there last weekend, but can imagine it would be a great place to sit.The food is absolutely delicious.  I really wanted the Lobster & Shrimp Fettuccine, but wasn't sure about the "spicy lobster sauce."  The waitress was great about explaining the level of spiciness and after seeing me still look uneasy, she offered to have them make it without any spice at all.  It was so delicious - I will definitely get it again on my next visit.  We also got the Bruschetta Quattro appetizer which was delicious, but 3 of the 4 varieties came with meat.  I suppose we should have looked at all the bruschetta descriptions since the Quattro isn't described, but my mom's a vegetarian so she had to stick with the only vegetarian option.  Regardless, they were still yummy.All of our meals out in Charlotte are delicious, but this one definitely stands out!
5	Amazing Beef Carpaccio!!  Best we've ever had!!  Also great pastas and salads and really delicious sour dough bread!!
4	Went here for my mom's birthday dinner with some extended family. It was eight of us on a Saturday night. We arrived at the restaurant where they have complimentary valet parking. Nice. We were seated immediately (we had a reservation) and two waitresses came to take drink orders. Both of them served us the rest of the night. Much easier than just having one person serve eight of us. We ordered some appetizers for the table including bruschetta and spinach/artichoke dip. The bruschetta was okay, the bread could have been more crunchy. The artichoke dip was pretty good. The bread, though. Man, that bread was superb. Crunchy on the outside, hot on the inside. The crisps they served were excellent as well. After filling up on appetizers, we still had two courses to go.My main course was steak medallions coated in artichoke. They were pretty good--soft and tasty, but I was so full from the appetizers that I probably didn't enjoy it as much as I could have. Oh well. Still good. For dessert, I ended up with the molten lava cake. They nailed it. 10/10. Fantastic, everyone should order like eight of them. Sublime.Service was good. Not great, but good. It was quick and courteous, but it lacked a personal touch. Ambience was very nice as well--nice tuscan decorations and some nice (live?) music playing. I'd definitely come back--thumbs up for Brio!
3	After reading all the great reviews for this place, my friends & I decided to try it out for a friend's birthday. Unfortunately we left disappointed and underwhelmed. I guess that's what happens when you've been spoiled by Zebra Restaurant!We went on a Saturday night at 6:30. The place looks nice and there is a lot of staff on hand at this time. Our server however didn't give off a very friendly vibe. Maybe she was having a bad day or was just busy, but we all sort of felt like nuisances, and we hardly ever needed anything extra (and I've worked in the food industry--I know annoying tables very well).I ordered off of the light menu. None of our food took very long (even though the restaurant was a little busy) which is why I'm giving three stars instead of two. The only thing is my dish wasn't very filling. I know some people think, "Well, healthier means less satisfying." That's definitely not the case--if it is, you're doing healthy food wrong. It was pretty tasty, just not really enough for dinner.We were in and out in about a half hour, which on a Saturday evening wasn't at all what we expected or even really wanted. Maybe if we had another server we wouldn't have felt like the place was an "eat and run" restaurant. It's a little sad when more casual restaurants have better servers than those that are supposedly "nicer" restaurants. I will say though that the gentlemen going around helping to refill drinks and bread baskets were very nice, and everyone else looked to be enjoying themselves. It's too bad because we'll happily spend plenty of money on great food (and more on great service).I doubt we'll be back.
4	Have been to Brio twice recently and enjoyed both visits. Sat outside on the patio when the weather was perfect. Drinks were average price (prosecco) and food was reasonable (half chicken with veggies). Service was fine - nothing great, nothing bad. The location is quite nice and I enjoyed the 'upscale' feel of the Piedmont Row area. I would recommend it.
4	I came here with 3 other people during Charlotte Restaurant Week (3 courses for $30) The waiter was almost TOO friendly... like almost awkward but still very nice. They bread they have is more like a cracker with herbs and that was really good. Our appetizer was the Margherita Flatbread and that was really good. I got the Fettuccine Rustica and that was delicious, if I wasn't so stuffed I probably would have eaten it all. Another person in my party had the Shrimp Verduta and they said it was just as good. The dessert was really small (it came in a shot glass), because it was part of the 3 course deal. But it was really really good. Overall, a good experience, I would like to come back not during the restaurant week so see how it is different.
5	As my boyfriend and my favorite "special dinner place", I have come here multiple times in the past few years. I've always enjoyed the food. I thought it was good. But they're recent menu blows everything else out of the water. The Diavolo pasta had the perfect kick and the pesto. OH THE PESTO. So delicious. Nothing was 'too-'anything. Not too salty, or bland, or saucy. Perfection on a plate.
4	Great food, great service and great atmosphere. I'm never disappointed when I go here to eat. I love their spicy eggplant with shrimp and steak here. They also have great mix drinks and recently added the eggplant fries that is a MUST try!! I've also tried their lamb chops and its so juicy and tender!
4	No words but fabulous ! Service was great and everything was delicious . From the salads , bruschetta and entrees to the wonderful bread . All wonderful !
5	Great place! Had a party of 9 a very good place, enthusiastic waiter, food was great. The way the dessert menu is brought out so you see exactly what it's gonna look like before you get it.
4	just had dinner at the bar here. nice crowd, and good bartenders who are busy but good natured and will joke around a little. drinks are good size. hankering for pasta and ordered the carbonara. it was great and an appropriate portion size, i could finish it without hurting myself. will defintely stop back when im back in Charlotte.  sporky mcnapkin
4	I came here for a lunch meeting. I wasn't paying for the meal so I wanted to make sure I got something fairly inexpensive and easy to eat while talking. I decided on the lobster bisque and even though I tend to shy away from getting it at most places (it's made too rich most of the time) it was the bestttttt decision I could have made!! Lump lobster and creamy, it was perfect! Better than Ruth's Chris FYI. I would argue best in Charlotte.You're welcome.
5	I have been to few different Brio's in different states. This one is my favorite. Food tastes consistent every time and service and view are exceptional. My favorite is the happy hour menu. Great portions and great price. Must try
4	Love the atmosphere and the ability to alter the selections to my personal taste . Pasta was delicious and a large serving. Great for business meetings or a gathering with friends .
5	I don't normally dine out for Italian food but when I do it's Brio's Tuscan Grille.
5	Decided to end my birthday night at BRIO and what an amazing dining experience it was. We had a rather big crowd and got there around 9:30pm; even though they closed at 11pm the service was spot on and very accommodating.  We had everything from the crab and shrimp cakes, grilled salmon fresca, shrimp and eggplant app, lobster bisque, ravioli, lasagna, grilled mahi mahi, sweet potato risotto, and calamari and there was not ONE unsatisfied person. Everything was delicious including the drinks! We were way to full for dessert but this birthday girl was HAPPY!
3	Very pretty decor, music a little weird and on the loud side.  Had the Crispy Eggplant Pomodoro and it was fine but nothing to write home about.
