5	Imagine a sweet spot on the river, overlooking the marina,  shaded under trees, a hot, humid summer's day, you're famished and need some much-needed victuals to get started.Well, if you're lucky enough to find yourself in Verdun, the ugly-duckling neighborhood in Montreal, which is very close to becoming a full-on swan, and is starting to give the much ballyhoo-ed Plateau and Mile-End a run for it's money, you can always stroll over to the riverside and have breakfast or brunch here.This place has it all.Bagels done up French-toast style, Eggs Benedict with goat cheese and smoked salmon, all the usual egg, meat and toast combos, dozens of versions of Eggs Benedict, omelets, waffles, French toast, pancakes, $3 mimosas, buckwheat pancakes and crepes, yoghurt and fruit served up in parfait glasses. Come here alone or with a friend and enjoy the start to a brand new day while tucking into great eats and taking in a great view. I'll be returning.
5	This has probably been the most positive experience of any coupon deal experience of any I've bought.   I purchased a coupon on Tuango for dinner.   I was bowled over by the quality of food, service, prices, ambience and view.  I had a full course meal for $22, which included the potage soup, salad (or escargots), pasta with tomato, aubergine, etc sauce, and decadent chocolate cake.   My mother had a seafood pasta with mussels, shrimp, calimari.  They offered complimentary bruscetta, as well as delicious fresh gourmet bread and tomato dipping sauce.  Everything was superb.  We sat at a window table near the mini-marina as the sun set.  I intend unequivocably return, and am grateful that the coupon introduced me to this place.
3	Great service with typical standard breakfast affair, large menu of options for crepes, french toasts and all sorts of eggs. 'By the water' location would be the only reason to come to this joint, if looking for a bit more interesting stuff, stick to plateau for best breakfasts Montreal has to offer.
4	Very good breakfasts and not expensive at all... I came here last week after a long and intense night and it did not disappoint...good food and friendly staff
2	Beautiful waterside setting contrasted by tasteless eggs, greasy hash browns and weak coffee
3	I went for brunch with a group of 12. During our service, we ordered 5 fruit cocktails and all 5 were salty. After sending them back, they came back salty *again*! Aside from that flop, I'll admit that we were all quite satisfied wit our meals. The brunch menu was quite typical and they didn't go out of their way to make it particularly special. Bat that's ok, cause sometimes, all you want is an american-style breakfast. No frills. And, well, that's what you'll get at Crescendo. The one thing the place really has going: the view! It's a great spot to just sit and eat on the terrace while enjoying a nice view of the marina.
1	First of all i was hoping for a romantiky evening with my wife before i left for Toronto for two weeks... The waiter was very nice but a wee bit clumsy...the view was spectacular.  The food was tasteless we got there at 730 and they had already already.run out of mussels and the place was empty.  Calamari was slightly greasy and over cooked.  Who the hell gives pasta sauce with bread.  My wife's pasta was bland and tasteless even tough it supposedly had anchovies  and according to the chef was supposed to be drowned in oil.   My seafood pasta had yesterdays over cooked squid bits and cut up shrimp that was equally over cooked and i am pretty sure made to look like mussels.  Of the four types i was supposed to get i got two.  Suffice to say even the view is not worth it cuz i could get the same one for free just by walking in front of it like i do everyday....Run from this place.  At the price they ask for you are better off going to any Giorgios or Pacini or any other italian restaurant run by people who are not italian.
4	Oh, I just LOVE this place.Situated by the water in Verdun, Crescendo is a great little gem. Clean and always well organized in terms of service, we've never had a bad experience here in the last couple months (been back 5 times already!). The food is yummy, the portions are massive, presentation is great, and the prices are awesome. You really can't go wrong.They have great soups and salads (you have to try their arugula salad..and their salmon salad..mmmm) as well as good meaty platters as well.Always served with a free appetizer of bruschetta, followed by lots of bread and in house marinara sauce..I want to go back just thinking about it. A great place for a quick and chill bite to eat.Dress code is casual! Try it out and let me know if you like it!ps. did you notice my distracted mind in the last few sentences? Haha..I just want to go have some yummy food there now...too bad it's almost midnight.....
5	We are regulars here now :)!! Great food, nice view and good service!
4	Would give it a 5 stars but I am a regular for weekend breakfast only so I don't think it would be fair.The view is great, parking ample, the restaurant is nice, service is great and food is good (potatos are amazing!). The restaurant's acoustics are kind of bad which is my only bad thing to say. The noise seems to be reflected all over the place so it gets noisy.Not a big deal really.
