1	RUN FOR THE HILLS!!! If I could rate Valley ENT and Dr. Shepherd Pryor a zero, I would. Where do I start? FIRST PROBLEM: Last September, I had a strange pain in the roof of my mouth and in my throat/neck. I thought I should see my dentist but when I called, they told me to see an ENT. So I called Dr. Pryor's office and as pleasantly surprised they could get me in the following day. When I went for my exam, Dr. Pryor did not even perform a physical exam on me (i.e. did not put a glove on and feel inside the roof of my mouth to run his fingers over the "thing" I felt, nor did he use his hands to feel my throat/neck where the point of pain and discomfort was). What he did was run a tube down the back of my throat (I'm sure that was about a $300 billable item to my insurance) and told me everything looked clear. I asked again for the physical exam but he told me I was fine. The following week, I still had the pain so I went to my regular doctor. The "thing" in my mouth was getting better but my throat was still not quite right. After she examined me...with her hands...she said the point of discomfort in my neck was in my thyroid area. Fast forward after all the tests and biopsy I was sent for...I ended up having a cold, vascular nodule that resulted in having 1/2 my thyroid removed in mid-December. Good thing I didn't trust Dr. Pryor with his lack of a proper diagnosis.SECOND PROBLEM: Around this same time, my husband coincidentally had sinus surgery scheduled with Dr. Pryor. Later than evening after he had his surgery, one of his nostrils started bleeding profusely and he called into the office. Dr. Heiland was on call and called him back. He instructed my husband to go to the ER if it didn't stop - of course I had to take him - and he had to have his nose repacked. Isn't that nice how no one from THEIR office takes care of you after surgery...they send you to the ER. Well, 3 hours and a $75 co-pay later, we were on our way back home. When my husband has his follow up the next day, I asked to be reimbursed for the $75 because I didn't think it was right that they made us go to the ER. They should have taken care of the problem since it was related to the surgery that I'm sure Dr. Pryor made thousands on. We were told, believe it our not, by their Office Manager, that we need to take it up with the insurance company and ask them to give us our money back since the ER visit was on the same day of the surgery. Well, I did call insurance and they told me that the doctor's office should pay us back because the ER has separate doctor's that bill and Dr. Pryor should consider it as part of his procedure.THIRD PROBLEM: This is really a continuance of the issue above and it really takes the cake. I ended up writing two letters to Julie Hernandez who is listed as being in charge of Billing Operations at Corporate. I sent the letters a month apart because she did not respond to the first letter. I basically told her the story about what happened and how we'd like to be reimbursed the $75. I GOT NO ANSWER TO MY LETTER! So I sent the second one and this time sent a copy to Dr. Pryor as well. Guess what...NO RESPONSE! I finally ended up calling Julie and she acted as if she had no idea what I was talking about. I reiterated everything I said in the letter and she was supposed to look into it and get back to me. That was on March 19th. It's now April 6th and I've never heard back from her!I know that every doctor has patients that are perfectly happy but after 3 strikes, this doctor and the whole Valley ENT organization are out for us. I hope you don't get into the same situations we did. They clearly don't care about the patient.
5	I have seen Dr Hurley a few times over the past year to help with my allergies and sleep issues.  He's been great.  A professional who listens to your concerns and doesn't just jump into prescribing medication or recommending surgery.  He explains what's going on and what he recommends for treatment.  If you don't feel comfortable with it, he'll offer alternative treatment options.  This is how all doctors should be.  You also don't feel rushed, like you're a number.I'm glad I found Dr Hurley and most of all, I'm glad he's covered by my insurance!Return Factor - 100%
3	Dr. Weiner is awesome! He put me at ease about my surgery and now I'm able to breathe through my nose. He is very knowledgable and explained everything in terms I could follow. The office staff at this location  on the other hand is not very friendly. They were as helpful as people at the DMV! I would suggest going to one if the other locations!
5	Dr. Shepherd Pryor is an amazing surgeon.  I have no idea who wrote these negative reviews but they are ridiculous.  A week ago Dr, Pryor did sphenoid sinus surgery on me and it was exactly as he said it would be.  He is brilliant, a communicator and in my opinion the best in his field.  After seeking other opinions and not liking what I heard I went to see him.  His professionalism was refreshing and everything about this procedure amazed me. I am without headaches after 3 months of being in a daze.  Today I returned and again, extraordinarily professional and truly cares about his patients.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!!!!
5	I couldn't be possibly happier with the results of my recent rhinoplasty and I'm only 4 months along in the healing process. Dr. Pryor set me with realistic expectations and delivered 100%. I'm thrilled to have finally pursued having my broken nose from childhood straightened out (no pun intended!). I would recommend his surgical finesse to not not only my closest friends, but my family as well. I'm SOOOOO happy!!! Thank-you Dr. Pryor!
3	The Good:I have been to Dr. Weiner twice. I think he is a great doctor, very nice, very knowledgeable, answers all of your questions, and spends time with you. The Bad: *Both times I waited over an hour past my appointment time to finally be seen by Dr. Weiner. *They forgot to call in one of my prescriptions, so I called and left a message for the nurse. Never got a call back, but realized on my next trip to the pharamacy they had called it in(just never let me know)*After being told I needed Septoplasty, I called to schedule the surgery.  Left a 2nd message..and it is a month later...I still have not heard back from anyone there.  Needless, to say I scheduled the surgery with another practice after all of my calls not being returned.
5	My allergist recommended Dr. Weiner because I've had such severe issues with my sinuses.  He is very knowledgeable and has me on a regimen that is actually making a difference.  It's also easy to get an appointment with him and you can book with ZocDoc.  Win!
5	Dr. Pryor just preformed surgery on my son and I can not thank him enough. Never easy having your child go in for surgery, but Dr. Pryor's communication and professionalism left us at an ease. I can not thank him enough for being an amazing doctor! He answered all of our questions and listened and responded to all of our concerns. I would recommend him to anyone! Thank you Dr. Pryor!
4	Dr. Pryor knows how to treat  his patients but the front desk people need to be a little bit more caring.  I have four star for the doctor and his nurse but the front desk is a a BIG fail... They're too gruff or rough.  Dr. Pryor is pretty cool too and he makes you feel at ease and his nurse always goes out of her way to be helpful.  Dr. Pryor did my surgery and was pretty sharp in suspecting something was amiss and I thank him for saving my life...
1	I have an ear infection. I called for appt. 12 days for appt. Receptionist stupid. I have been a patient for 5 yrs.Loyalty means nothing. Dr Hurley is booked and needs to spend time with his family,no appts for 12 days.I don't recommend Dr Hurley.
