2	I've driven by this place several times since it opened, and tonight I finally stopped in to give it a whirl.  This place is located in the old Pancake Cafe building, which was a dine-in Pizza Hut before that.  The ambiance is pretty ok, and someone is definitely a talented painter when it comes to the murals.  The staff is comprised of some young people who seem very friendly and are working hard.  The prices are average, nothing too outrageous.However, none of these simple pleasantries make up for the incredibly mediocre food.  Our dinner was VERY underwhelming, and VERY small portioned.  They used melted Monterrey jack on all the dishes, which was oh so creamy and disgusting!  Yay!Sun Prairie has yet to acquire a really good Mexican restaurant.  The sad thing is, I didn't even really care all that much for Taqueria Guadalajara down on Park St in Madison, however, in terms of flavor and presentation Taqueria blows El Patron away big time.
4	El Patron has become a frequent hang out for my family and friends, from Ladies night out, birthdays, or just a night out for a fantastic dinner. Their drinks are amazing and extra large in size, if it is your birthday, they will put you in a sombrero, serenade you, and provide you with a tequila shot, if over 21 of course. During warmer weather, they have live music on their outdoor patio. Chips and salsa, served along with a unique spicy ranch type dipping sauce is something different. Specific wait staff are designated just for keeping the chip basket full with warm crisp chips. We always order a side of con queso, which is authentic Mexican melted white cheese, not the Velveeta and rotel dip served at most other Mexican restaurants. The menu selections are vast, providing a wide range of choices, including chicken, beef, and seafood meals. My favorite are the many varieties of fajitas, sizzling hot when served at the table, and with loads of vegetables that are still crisp and flavorful. They also have a great variety of deserts to finish off your meal, if your stomach still has room, I recommend the fried ice cream, or flan.
5	Best Mexican I've had in the area by a longshot.
1	It's a shame when the best thing I can say is it was clean and well lighted. The reviewer that said "mediocre" was, in my experience, more than kind. While I'd love to find good Mexican food in the area, I can't even call this good Americanized Mexican. It's just plain bad. Thinking I might have been mistaken the first time...every place has a bad day...I went back.  The food was just as bad, but time the service was I inattentive as well.
4	Went for dinner with my husband. We both had Fajitas, I had the Veggie, he had the El Patron. We were blown away by the amount of food we got. The veggies were fresh and the entire meal was good. We also have enough leftovers for at least one more meal. Service was good and the place was pretty busy.
2	I just had my thrid meal here, the food is VERY good... I just don't know if i will go back... which sucks cause i like the food...so they have signs all over.... 1/2 price maragritas thursday with several brands of tequilla listed underneath that sign saying all are 1/2 off... so i ask for a patron margarita and he says just house is half off.................sign clearly states otherwise, i point this out and the waiter all of a sudden has a hard time understanding english??? Not cool for me.. i did not get a margy... and am sad i had a bad experience here.
1	My wife and I went there for the first time last night.  They seemed to be doing well.  We were sat immediately and were acknowledged by the waiter.  We were not that hungry so we split the Nachos El Patron.  The menu says it comes with the following: Chips, Cheese, Beans, Chicken, Beef, Lettuce, Tomato, Guacamole.  We ordered it without beef and with cheese only on half since my wife cannot eat dairy.  The food was brought in a timely manner.  Cheese was only on half.  Okay.  No lettuce, No tomatoes. No Beans.  No Guac.  And the chicken was cold!  I called the waiter and he took it back.  When he brought it back, they only added the lettuce to it.  No three strikes here!     We will never go back there again.  And this really is a shame since our favorite food is Mexican!!
5	Do not let the rough exterior of the building fool you. We received excellent food and service when we went there. The menu was quite extensive and even included a vegetarian section. I ordered one of the vegi combos which included a quesadilla , tostada, and enchilada. The quesadilla was good (although thats pretty hard to screw up), the tostada was especially yummy with super fresh and green lettuce, a delightful guacamole, cheese and beans. The sauce over the enchilada was tasty and not too over powering the beans inside which were perfect. I always judge a mexican restaurant by the beans and salsa and this place gets a 5 star on both those fronts. Yum Yum!!!My husband ordered the veggie Fajitas and it was so huge that we really could have shared it and plan to do that next time. The seasoning was spot on and the veggies were cooked to perfection. Carrots, bell peppers, brocoli, onions, potatoes and more were included in the mix. There was a ton of onions and green peppers but their was also a ton of all the rest of the veggies so that made up for it.My boys split a kids menu item of a quesadilla and fries and were very happy with it.The wait staff was all extremely attentive, friendly, and informative. We were going to order just two meals and share with the boys (they are only 1 and 3 years old) but the waiter informed us that kids meals were free on Sundays and urges us to take advantage of the deal. The refilled our drinks and checked several times to make sure we were doing good and had everything we needed. I generally felt that they appreciated the business and worked hard to please us, Im a happy customer and cant wait to go back and try out the Lunch Menu!!!I'm really puzzled as to why the other reviews are so poor for this place, maybe the meat options aren't as good but the veggie ones are great!!
1	I dreaded having to do this someday, but I feel it's my duty to warn others that the food here is pretty disappointing. Won't go into detail about my subjective opinion of the quality, just avoid it. If the owners read this, I'd be happy to give fair, honest feedback on how they missed the mark.I give 5 stars to the style/color and the addition of a deck.Speaking Spanish was helpful when ordering and helping convey that my brother is allergic to dairy. The waiter appreciated it and my brother initially felt at ease.I'll probably go back for margs and modelo on tap cuz they do have pretty good prices on them.
4	Very friendly and accommodating, with good beer options and an extremely extensive menu. They even have horchata, which is great. The food was quite tasty. I would have been more impressed if they had a real margarita, though, instead of the usual mix -- so I stuck with Negra Modelo (which is delicious). Also, I know there were seven of us and it can be like herding cats to get groups to order in a timely manner -- but there is a big difference between efficiency and rush rush. That won't hold me back from a repeat visit, though, because on the bright side -- service was very fast!!
3	My wife and I arrived about 7:15pm.  We were sat immediately and our waiter appeared shortly after.  He took our drink order and dropped off chips, salsa, and I believe a spicy sour cream dip.  The drinks arrived quickly and he took our food order.  The chips are thick and they were good as was the salsa.  We weren't sure about the sour cream stuff.  My wife ordered the steak fajitas and I ordered the Carne Asada tacos. And then we waited....and waited....and waited....it took about a half hour or more for our food to arrive.  My wife ordered hers with no lettuce and no guacamole.  They serve those items with the beans and rice.  The plate arrived with both and she told the waiter who said he would take care of it.  He was back quickly with a "new" plate on which they had just removed the wrong stuff and replaced it with sour cream.  We were unimpressed.  Also not too many of the items come with cheese.  My wife had to ask for a side of shredded cheese.  The Carne Asada was seasoned ok and there was plenty of vegetables and meat on the fajitas.  The beans were very runny.Overall it was just an average experience.  The I don't think we'll go back.  We will stick with Abuelo's.Maybe your experience will be better?
4	Sunday afternoon. I ordered a shrimp chimichanga and it was very good. It was a big, hot plate of food and came with beans, rice, lettuce, guac, and lettuce. The staff was friendly. And the restaurant appeared clean. No complaints.
