5	I've only been for their brunch, but it doesn't disappoint. Not much has changed from Sparrow's old rotating brunch menu, and that's definitely not a bad thing. If anything, I prefer the light, airy atmosphere of Lawrence. Check out the funky wallpaper in the restroom if you get a chance. And of course, check out the hip, beautiful people who flock here for brunch.Service is friendly and professional, and the food is fantastic. I keep ordering eggs benedict at other brunch spots and being disappointed because nothing quite matches what I've had at Sparrow/Lawrence. Be prepared for a bit of a wait for brunch, although they do take reservations for larger parties. Brunch will run you upwards of $20, but it's worth it.
5	This place was great. 5 of us went here for a nice dinner out during my friend's bachelor party weekend. Everyone ordered different things and everyone was extremely happy with their meals and the service was top notch.
5	My sister and I love brunch. And she sometimes turns to Montreal Brunch and Breakfast to get the intel on newer places (P.S. I, too, enjoy this site). A month before my visit, she told me about Lawrence.I wanted to try it for dinner but we were so slow to move this weekend and just couldn't get it together for a "night out". Or maybe it was just me. I was a bit of a mess this weekend. I think it started with the Pinot Grigio I pounded back on Friday night as soon as I got in. After that I was so sloppy - dropping things, lots of things, many times. *sheepish grin*We woke up late Sunday morning and Bixi-ed over to find a crowd. Luckily I was still half-asleep and could use the time to fully wake up. The host took our name and number and said he'd call when a table opened. It was about a 20 minute wait so we decided to get some bagels and enjoy the sun and spring breeze.Once inside, the place reminded me of Sunday lunch by the sea. Do you know what I mean? Picturesque and lively, kinda like a sweet song.  I don't know how else to explain it. The staff seemed to love their jobs which means flawless service. In fact, in keeping with comparisons that make no sense, our server was like daisies in a milk jug. I know, these metaphors are so left field...anyway...Something to take note of is the fact that Lawrence changes both its menus via twitter - so 21st century. I love it. Okay seriously, aren't you dying to take a fork and pop that benny ball???It's so plump.  I had the Eggs Benedict ($15) and my sister had the Fiddleheads, bacon, soda bread and fried eggs ($16); the only caveat being that they ran out of fiddleheads and substituted asparagus. Score! We don't like fiddleheads, but love asparagus.My sister's dish was delicious. Everything was seasoned well and put together made for yummy breakfast bites. My Benny was equally yummy - decadent hollandaise over perfectly poached eggs and lean, smoky ham - not like deli ham or bacon, but like porky pork.Lawrence's brunch was definitely Top 10 for me, but one particular menu item catapulted them to the top of the list.  The beigne au chocolat ou au citron aka homemade doughnuts. Yes, doughnuts. It's no secret I love doughnuts, but my sister who doesn't enjoy them as much as I do loved them. Something tells me I'll find her there next weekend eating a plate on her own. Ha.These little beignets are crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside with a filling of either chocolate or lemon. The lemon curd-custard was tangy and sweet and oh so heavenly. At only three per order for $5, don't share. Sharing sucks, here's half of the third that I had to give my sister. You'd think she would have let me have it, considering I'm younger. It would have been the big sister thing to do, non? Vous vous engagez?
4	Pink rosettes peak out from under inventive appetizers and gold trim around the plates accentuates the richness of the main course. Lawrence is modern, fresh, perfectly cooked cuisine served on your grandmother's china. The sophisticated clean space is transformed into warmth by one-of-a-kind plates, mason jar candle holders, a scattering of unique lamps, black and white photos on the wall, a beautiful polished wood bar. The service is flawless. The bread is amazing. A simple dinner menu that changes with the season will have you coming back for more. I have eaten several fantastic appetizers, but my husband's main course was always better than mine. His duck confit and wild mushroom pasta dishes were both outstanding. My arctic char with dill, potatoes and horseradish had pickles as a secret ingredient, and pickles for me are a lunchtime thing.  Watch out for the cocktails - unabashedly strong and delicious. I want to dive right into the Pimms lemonade. Can't wait to try it for brunch!Dinner for 2 (2 appetizers, 2 mains, 3 Pimms lemonades, 1 pinot noir and no dessert) was $145 (tax included).
4	We had a delicious meal seated in the big windows of Lawrence this weekend. Everyone raved over their plates. Maybe a little expensive, but refined subtle flavours and portion sizes that make it all feel relatively affordable and worthwhile for nice night out with birthday-celebrating friends.  For myself the charcuteries and cocktails were the standout. I don't love a sweet drink, but I love blackberries and the blackberry martini was sweetsour, strong, perfection. The risotto was light, comforting, friendly. The decor - simple red communal table, dangling lights of different shapes and sizes,  mismatched rose china - all suited the kindly company and thoughtful service to a T.
5	Mile End's best restaurant for fine dining with a casual but sophisticated environment. Predominantly local produce, the food is tasty, savoury, well proportioned and decadent. You can get anything from a delicious classic burger cooked to med rare perfection, to a skewer of duck livers and beef heart on toast. Its a fun environment, their wine list is dangerously delicious, and the service is warm and efficient. I'm drooling now thinking of those burgers...
4	The Mile End hipster scene has gone off the deep end and Lawrence is the proverbial Pied Piper leading the pack. Between the plastic wayfarer glasses, bouffant Elvis cuts, and faux-rustic military watches on NATO straps, you'd think you'd died and gone to hell - until you try one mouthful of the baked sunnyside up eggs with celeriac and mushrooms, in which case you'll think you died and went to heavenThe breakfast is absolutely outstanding from what everyone else tells me. I wouldn't know because I can't stop ordering that Baked Eggs/Celeriac dish over and over and over again. It's like the Mona Lisa of breakfast recipes, absolutely perfect. The coffee is pretty good, too.The waitstaff is really friendly and give off that neighborly vibe, and the patrons are easygoing and patient, which is important because space is at a premium and the lineups can get heavy on weekends. Otherwise the decor is nothing to write home about - mix-n-match vintage vibe with a touch of industrial chic thrown in.450-ers, read 'em and weep - this is what a breakfast place should be.
5	I felt like I was walking through Brooklyn when I came upon this section of St Laurent.  Usually, I get really turned off by the hipster scene, but Lawrence is just so damn.....cool.  You can't deny it, they're cooler than you are and you're lucky to be the little brother they allow to tag along.The food is perfect.  The service is exceptional.  The menu is ahead of the curve.  Lawrence is a must when visiting Montreal.
5	Now, writing this would mean exposing a good deal...for oyster lovers....Why? Lawrence has THE best deals for oysters, only 1$ per oyster from 5:30-7. That's extremely cheap. Their oysters are huge, sometimes small, and are so fresh. I give this resto 5 stars for their great oyster prices and quality. But i would give it 3 for its regular dinner menu. Their portions were too small, and I didn't find it that special to be honest. My boyfriend had some sort of pasta dish, my friend and I had a fish dish. Don't get me wrong, it was good...but a bit too overpriced for what it was worth. I would go there for oysters, and oysters only.
4	A bright an airy atmosphere beckons you in at the corner of Saint-Laurent and Fairmount. At lunch, it was a vibe mixed with new moms and bebes, power lunchers, ladies lunching and refined men enjoying a beer. The lunch menu is brief and beautiful. Grilled cheese sandwiches, salads, charcuterie plates on the small half of the sheet; pastas, stews, hash on the larger side. My $15 corned beef hash was perfectly topped with a runny sunnyside up egg. Hat tip to the chef - seems to be the toughest egg to master. The corned beef was juicy, yet flaky and melt in your mouth. Overall it looked slight for the price, but with so many rich flavours, it was the right size afterall. As is the trend right now, it was topped with an arugula salad. The spice of it was quite the accompaniment. My dining pal had a salad + fries, which our server described as her lunch of choice, nicknamed the "angel and the devil." The fries, which are served with mayo, are more like pillowy wedges. I was privy to a bite, and then I must admit, I couldn't stop myself, and ate nearly half (gasp!).
5	We went there for brunch and I'd say this was the best meal we had in Montreal. It does get busy for weekend brunch, so be prepared.The staff was friendly, the atmosphere was lively, and it got great natural light being on a corner and having large windows.My girlfriend described the cold-brewed coffee best by saying "it dances in your mouth."For meals I had the English breakfast and she had Gloucester pancakes with blueberries, bacon, and ricotta. I regretted ordering the English breakfast as soon as the server walked away, but I always have buyer's remorse; it's my thing. I was so wrong. The English breakfast was amazing, each item cooked to perfection. The Gloucester pancakes were more like biscuits than pancakes and were very good.
5	Went for a late lunch,food was delicious. That day on the menu were lobster fries, the were so delicious with crunchy potatoes and large chunks of lobster. I almost cried! Plentiful portions,great service,relaxed atmosphere. I will return every time in Montreal.
5	Brunch is AMAZING! Very small place so plan for potential wait before being seated but totally worth it !
4	When there for lunch with my girlfriend and I was amazed by the quality of the service, very cool staff. Price was ok I guess but I'm sure some will complain about then size of the portions, just go to McDonald's then :-)I have yet to go there for brunch but I've heard it's awesome.
3	The ambiance was great. The food was ok. Even though the menu seemed quite eclectic and interesting, the taste was ok.
5	ave been here a number of times, and the food is consistantly excellent.  Today my wife had the scrambled eggs with smoked trout.  The scrambled eggs were fortified with cream, creme freche and egg yolk in order to create a smooth, creamy and delicious consistancy laced with chives and salted perfectly.  Served over a nice artisinal bread perfectly crisped, made it a very delightful dish.  THe smoked trout was the best I had ever had.  Perfectly smoked, and not too salty.  The chef does that himself, and I have had his salmon at other times.  5 out of 5. My daughter had a small fried egg with bacon.  Sounds simple, but the bacon was extremely smoky and delicious. One of the best bacons I have tasted. I had deviled kidneys.  The sauce of sherry, cider, cream and shallots was a perfect compliment, the watercress was great and added freshness to the dish.  The bread soaked up the delicious sauce nicely. Coffee-good quality coffee from 49th parallel in Vancouver. High acidity and nuanced-though I am not a real coffee drinker.  Tea-very good quality longjing (dragon well tea)  but some real preparation problems; about 1/2 gram for 300ML of water and the infuser was of the stiff metal type which doesn't let the water flow so nicely.  I think for that amount of water, you should use about 10 grams of tea. Better still use a small pot with only 120ML and use about 4 grams of tea.  Do about 3 infusions.  But at least they tried by using a high quality loose leaf tea.  Points for trying, but deductions for not listening when I said "not enough tea" and they said "try it you'll like it-we can add more tea later". The owner's wife is one of the servers, and all of the servers are attentive and knowlegeable (more or less).  One of hte servers who seated us, knew how the food was made which was fun.  In the past, the wine buyer has steered me to very nice reasonably priced wines.  Good foods in the evening too-gastropub style.
4	Oh Lawrence, I'd give you 5 stars if you weren't so damn pretentious and actually honoured reservations. We showed up for our noon reservation for 6 of us and were made to wait over 20 minutes; why take reservations if they mean squat?Once we were seated however, the service was both attentive and moved fairly fast. My brunch was delicious: smoked trout and scrambled eggs, nom nom nom. Everyone else in my group looked like they also had some tasty food.It's a tad on the expensive side of the scale brunch-wise, but the portion sizes are fair and they make a mean cappuccino.
5	Lawrence is undoubtedly one of my favorite restaurants in Montreal. Located in the heart of Mile End, Lawrence serves up Canadian bistro classics with a French flare. The food itself changes rather frequently and the menu features fresh (local, where possible) ingredients. Last night I had the pork chop with braised radicchio and mustard fruits. The pork was so succulent and melt-in-your-mouth delicious. Pork can be so overcooked, dry and bland that I often avoid it at all costs when ordering at a restaurant. But a friend of mine recommended the fatty (in the best way possible) incarnation that they serve at Lawrence and I was not at all disappointed. My boyfriend had the braised octopus and he said it was also perfectly cooked. Octopus is a funny fish to cook and many many chefs have a hard time avoiding the 'rubber factor,' where octopus inevitably comes out chewy as all hell, reminiscent of jaw-breaker chewing gum. Such is not the case at Lawrence where the food artists in the kitchen are well versed on cooking seafood. Our party of 10 guests had most of the items of the menu and some of the other fan favourites included Striped bass (again, the seafood!) and bay scallops and potato cake on the appetizer menu.Lawrence is also a great place to drink; the wine menu--red, white, and rose--is extensive and the serving staff are more than happy to suggest some perfect pairings. In a departure from my usual ordering of a dry white or pinto grigio I opted for a beer on tap (en fut). The Blonde de Chambly was just the kind of beer I was looking for--not too bitter but rather a light beer with a citrusy flavour intermixed with an almost honey-like sweetness.  A really nice--and award winning--option for all those diners sick of the usual wine options. In terms of cocktails where were a number of satisfied drinkers in our party. The whiskey sour was probably one of the best I've here had--hands down. And I am connoisseur of whiskey sours! Ha! The decor--for all you foodies who also love indulging in fabulous decor--was really creative and on-point. The wallpaper in the washrooms and the industrial-chic touches paired with more traditional pieces creates a really pleasant space in which to dine. Just a note about the staff--the service was flawless. I had originally made reservations elsewhere but our party grew to an unwieldy 10 people and we needed to switch locations. I called on a Saturday afternoon for reservations and the crew at Lawrence made it work for us! While dined rather late--10pm--it was totally worth it and I will be forever grateful for their accommodating efforts. GO! You must! Its one of Montreal's finest.
4	Great service! Amazing interesting menu.I was traveling to Montreal with a group of 10 people so had a hard time finding good restaurants that could accommodate everyone. Luckily, when I called Lawrence Saturday morning for a brunch seating that day, they were super nice and said they could hold a table of 10 with one highchair for us if we got there in 45 minutes. Well, we arrived almost an hour and a half later to a line up of about 10 people ahead of us and they STILL saved our table! The staff were amazing and didn't once give us any attitude for being so late, or so loud or so messy. The food was delicious, fresh and inventive as far as brunch goes. Their beignets were so good someone at our table almost licked the table when the chocolate sauce oozed out of it. Our server took pity on him and brought him a small dish of chocolate sauce. so nice.
5	The perfect choice to experience Sunday brunch in a Montreal neighborhood. It was very busy with a fun urban vibe, complete with interesting presentation details. The service was super helpful (the menu doesn't explain alot) and food was wonderful! Another reviewer's suggestion to try the scones will not steer you wrong, the best I have ever had!
4	One of the best brunches in Montreal.Tip: it gets busy. Put your name down on the list and the go wait for a table next door at Sardine Cafe.
1	Very friendly staff and good atmosphere.Hair in baked potato/cabbage and rotten lettuce in Sausage and Eggs sandwhich, not so good.
4	Our server at Liverpool House recommended this spot for Brunch on our last day in Montreal.  While the wait was longer than expected, it did buy us some time to explore the area a bit more..... Actually it felt like we were transported back home and were hanging around Bushwick (oh, i mean East Williamsburg)... which is not a bad thing.The space is a bit tight and requires premeditated maneuvering, but it's a nice, bright space that makes you happy to be inside.  I started with the bloody mary, which had a delicious spiced rim, while my beau had the freshest apple juice I've ever tasted.  We were in a hurry so we just got a kedgeree and cheesy scrambled eggs with smoked salmon.  Both were super yummy, although the scrambled egg portion was on the small side.  If we had more time we probably would have ordered some donuts or the cranberry pancakes to split (yes we are gluttonous).Service was really laid back but nice.  Check out the wallpaper in the bathroom!
4	An absolutely fantastic brunch in Montreal.We had a table at the back and the server was very patient with our table, and our little baby at the table, bringing a small high chair that attaches to the table.I ordered the french toast and the English breakfast to split, and both were good, but the french toast was AMAZING. I highly recommend it,although it is quite sugary, so try and get someone to split a more hearty breakfast with you to balance it out.Our table split some beignets. Wait did I say balance? I meant EAT EVERYTHING.I will definitely be back next time I'm in town.
5	Been trying to go here for a while, but timing and poor planning has never allowed me to.   This past (U.S.) Memorial Day Weekend, however, was an exception - such an exception that I actually ate dinner AND brunch there.   Our first intention was brunch, but we learned that the waits were very long and reservations were only taken for 6 or more.   So we figured we'd try dinner on a Saturday night and they were happy to accommodate 4 of us for a table at 8:30.   The place is small and warm with floor to ceiling windows on both of it's exterior sides.   The atmosphere makes you want to hang out there.   We mixed it up to start and went with the squid salad, then the fiddlehead ferns with bacon and egg yolk on tost - both amazing.  The charcuterie plate had an excellent mix of small sausages, smoked tongue and ham.   For the mains, two had their pork chop and two of us split the ox tail for two.   Both were cooked to perfection and I think we wiped our plates clean with the wonderful bread they gave us.   Dessert was a baked Alaska with a coffee/chocolate ice cream, which was an amazing end to an amazing dinner.   I should note that the classic cocktails are mixed to perfection and the wine recommendation couldn't have been more perfect.  I know this is the place to go for brunch in Montreal, but please don't overlook dinner - it's every bit as good.After a good night of drinking, we wanted a good quality brunch.  We were so impressed with last night's meal, we figured we should give the brunch a try.  I've traveled over 2 million miles in the last 12 years and I can never recall willingly going to the same restaurant for two meals in a row, but there's a first for everything.  At 1pm, the wait was an hour, but that's not an issue in a neighborhood that has so much to explore (beers at Dieu du Ciel).  When our table was ready, we went full force, starting with their homemade donuts (incredible) and then their scones (equally as excellent).   Cocktails for breakfast were a must, along with their great coffee.  The same pork chop on the dinner menu makes an appearance here, this time with sage and eggs.  The soft scrambled eggs with smoked trout may not be for everyone, but it was gobbled up.  The baked eggs with celery root was an awesome combo of flavors.The food was excellent, but the service was superb.  it's relaxed, friendly and there's a great attention to detail.  The staff is incredibly warm and was a great resource when it came to recommending some local bars in the area.   We have great restaurants in NYC, of course, but when they reach that certain level of popularity, they seem to acquire the attitude where they act like they are doing you a favor when they find you a table - this couldn't be further from the truth at Lawrence.  They make you feel at home and we will certainly be returning.
5	Following the successful brunch at the Sparrow, I went a couple of weeks later to its nearby neighbor, Lawrence. This restaurant is situated right on the corner of St-Laurent and Fairmount in the Mile End district of Montreal. It has a more minimalist and clean look compared to the Sparrow. It is a also a smaller locale so when it is busy (as it was on the Saturday morning I was there with a friend), the noise level gets a little high. Regardless, it has a great look and fits in nicely with the style of the neighborhood.The menu falls into the more traditional trappings of brunch but with a strong British style. Tea and coffee is served in traditional china cups and the classic British breakfast is a staple of the menu. However, I chose to go a different way.That glorious sandwich you see before you is Lawrence's take of a breakfast sandwich but frankly it is more like a breakfast burger. A perfectly cooked pork patty topped with an egg, cheese, lettuce, tomato and in between a wonderful breakfast roll, this was a delight to enjoy. In the background of the image, you can sort of make out what my friend had: French toast with strawberries, rhubarb and fresh whipped cream. Simple but perfectly done - the candied rhubarb in particular was to die for. There were no sides with either dish which was perfectly acceptable given the portion size of the french toast. As for the sandwich, a size would have been appreciated  but that was my choice given what was coming next.I'll admit it... I am a sucker for doughnuts. Especially when there are made fresh to order. I had been told that I needed to order these bad boys and boy did they not disappoint. Lawrence offers a choice of 3 fillings: chocolate, english cream and lemon. I ordered one of each and all 3 were superb. A nice crispy exterior with a warm soft interior... Clearly the cooks know what they are doing. This would be the must try item for everyone who gives Lawrence a try.All in all, this was a wonderful brunch experience that I would highly recommend. A bit more traditional but perfectly executed from start to finish. So next time you feel like enjoying a nice weekend morning in the mild end and plateau areas of Montreal, gives this place a look. Don't think you'll be disappointed.Cheers!
5	Possibly one of the finest brunch dining experiences that I've experienced. Friends and I were looking for a brunch place on our last day in Montreal, and we weren't disappointed with Lawrence. The wait was about an hour long, but we took the time to just explore the area. The beauty of eating with multiple friends is that you can share dishes. The four of us ordered: smoked trout and scrambled eggs, French toast with strawberries and rhubarb, the English breakfast, and the pork chop with fried eggs and sage.I cannot even begin to tell you how delicious the food was. Everything was cooked to perfection. The pork chops were mindblowingly juicy and scrumptious. The French Toast was the perfect fluffiness and coupled with the strawberries were prime. The English Breakfast was pretty standard, but the trout was definitely a gem as well.I find myself giving this place a 4.5 for the food, but a 5 for the excellent service. All the waiters were extremely kind and attentive. Honestly, I really can't find any reason not to dine here. I've been to a number of brunch places in my life, and I have to say that Lawrence definitely ranks in the top three--for the quality and variety of food, the ambience, and excellent service.tldr; a much come brunch place in Montreal
4	LOVED our evening there! I went with a large group so I got to see a taste a few things. Everything was great, and they had a couple nice wines for us to discover. I suspect that the bill for our group was quite a lot but I would definitely go there again.
5	Yum Yum Yum Yum Yum. :)Had the french toast with strawberries & rhubarb. Just perfection. Loved the atmosphere and the staff were too cool (in an awesome way). We actually took my 2 year old nephew there. I wouldn't say this is an ideal place to take children, BUT my nephew is no average child! Perfectly behaved so it was great!
1	Avoid at all costOver priced and the food is not even good
5	This is how brunch should be done everywhere.  The food, the price, the atmosphere and the service were all excellent.  I noticed that even though the place was packed towards the end of my meal, it was never loud.  Canadians know how to use their inside voices, unlike us Americans. I wanted something on the lighter side after having poutine very late the night before (4 AM so technically that morning) and the menu at Lawrence was just what I was looking for. I arrived just as they were opening and was quickly seated.  I asked my server for a recommendation and he suggested the steak tartare and a side of fries with lemon aoili.  I argued that I didn't want fries because of the poutine but my server insisted I get them.  When I questioned him further, he answered with a simple but firm "Yes."  I owe him big time.  They were just incredible.  They were cut so thick that you almost can't call them fries.  I was worried at first because I was convince they would be severly undercooked on the inside. That's how thick they were.  I was so wrong. They were cooked golden brown on the outside and soft as a pillow inside.  That kitchen knows what they are doing.  My beef tartare was also fantastic.  It was so simply prepared but the quality of the beef and freshness of the egg yolk were evident.  It had just enough of the other ingredients that anything else would have detracted from the dish.  A different, but deliciously satisfying take on steak and potatoes. Lawrence is no secret apparently because within 30 minutes, the place was bustling with a line forming outside.  Like I said, it wasn't loud but it was buzzing. Highly recommended!
4	Waiting is the hardest part,  but Lawrence is worth every second spent. Weekend brunch is generally crowded with typical wait times of 30 minutes to an hour, but the brunch warrants the queue. While Lawrence serves the normal brunch fare, you'll also find some unexpected dishes like kedgeree, pigs feet or blood sausage - all of it prepared exquisitely.Highly recommended.
3	This place seems like a  hot spot from brunch given there was lineup outside just when they opened. Ah well we put our name down and decided to walk around the area as we were told there would be an hour or so wait.The menu is simple with a few dishes. We decided to stick with french toast, pancakes and ordered a scone for good measures. We ordered some fresh apple juice and a cappuccino.The scone was quite good with decent sides of clotted cream, butter and fruit compote. Then the wait began for the mains and it went on and on and it was good 45 min before we got out stuff (unacceptable at any place as the server wouldn't even say sorry for the delay or give an explanation)French Toasts looked visually appealing with a good quantity of maple syrup and rhubab compote. Decent but not earth shattering in anyway.The pancake were weird and unlike something I have had before. The batter was hard to explain and had layers and had a weird dry finish. The maple syrup helped as otherwise they would be inedible.3 stars due to poor service and average food.
5	If you've never had pig's feet for brunch before, this would be a good place to start. Our meal here was memorable. To prevent me from getting a heart attack before dinner, my wife ordered a tomato, cucumber salad which was the first to arrive. Red & green tomatoes and thinly sliced cucumbers were sprinkled with a light vinaigrette. I'm not a salad person but this tasted bright, crisp and fresh. Next, the highlight  of the meal, eggs w/ pied de cuchon and spinach. What I loved about the way they served pig feet is that they took out all the bones and cooked the meat, fat and tendons to perfection. As it is, pork and eggs are a great combination - but the softness and flavor of this pig's feet combined with fluffy eggs blew me away. I seriously contemplated getting another one.Last, and I think this is where this brunch became a meal Caligula would have in one of his orgies, came the pork chops. They were pan fried in butter and had fried sage leaves on top that added an extra layer of flavor to the meat.  Absolutely delicious. Perhaps just a tad overcooked but took nothing away from the dish.I read some of the reviews regarding wait times but luckily we didn't have to wait. As with our general experience with most places in Montreal, the service was good and  the place had it's own charm. Highly recommended for a sinful brunch.
5	Outstanding. First of all the delightful barista makes me one of the best lattes I've had in the Northern Hemisphere, made from amazing Intelligensia beans - their 'Black Cat Espresso', roasted the perfect one week prior. Then I am served my meal - Ham, Tomme and fried egg on toast with rocket and light dressing. Stunning!!!! The barista informs me that it's all grass fed pig, the ham flakes away when you cut it like only the best does. All the meat comes from the amazing butcher next door. The cheese had a rich and delicious flavour and the perfect texture. Incredible perfect bread, just as your palette asks, 'could this be better?' the mustard kicks in. Best food in Canada?!!!!
4	In my new-found whole-hearted embrace for brunch (after a period of thorough refusal to go out for food during brunch hours because I can be stubborn like that) I ventured to Lawrence with a group of 7 (not THE group of 7.... only in my Canadian dreams...). I was very very pleased. Been hearing the folklore about this place for a while and what they say is true! The things I adored:i) Tea cups! Really china cups!ii) Little donuts! Wee little donuts!iii) Pretty, smiley, and very friendly staff... at least our lovely waitress was.iv) The brunch itself. I had the scramble with creme fraiche on their rustic bread with a side of smoked salmon. I fell in love with those eggs. Ladies and gentlemen, this is how eggs should taste I tells ya... I tried to describe it here but I can't... you will have to try them yourself :)
4	Loved it! So worth the wait to get in. We all had different dishes and loved them all. I highly recommend going. But be prepared to wait.
4	Glad I got to check this place off my Montreal list. We braved the bitter cold to eat a wonderful pigs head stew and amazingly simple yet well prepared scallop ceviche dish.  The service here is really what did it for me though. Our waiter switched to English for my Anglo friends and came well-stocked with recommendations and pairing suggestions. He let us 'breathe' and let us enjoy what became a slow three-hour feast. After our meal he kindly took the time and wrote us out a list of places to check out around the neighborhood while we were visiting. And as everyone below suggests, make a reservation in advance! We called around 5 pm the night of and they only had a early (6:30) and late (9:30, not THAT late in our books) spot available. Part of this place's charm, in my opinion, is that it is such a small space.Wish we could have checked out brunch as well!
4	Really pleased I was able to come here for brunch.  My friend and I went this Saturday and arrived around 2 pm, and were seated quite quickly.I ordered a bloody mary, and then we had the french toast with apples / pears / cranberries, and the trout and scrambled eggs on toast. The bloody mary was pretty darn good, but I wished it to be spicier! Personally, I really enjoyed the french toast - I've rarely had fresh cranberries on anything, and that added a nice touch to the overall dish, as simple as it is. The trout was fresh, though small in portions, but my friend was addicted to the scrambled eggs as they were sort of more liquid, like a scrambled egg sauce. We weren't huge fans of the toast that accompanied the eggs, though, as it was quite hard and we weren't a fan of the flavour.Service was good - water was frequently refilled and staff were friendly.  The decor is quite like the post-modern industrial feel with industrial wire lightbulbs, and darker blue colours with cool art hanging about. I also really dug the wallpaper in the washroom, as a side note.Glad I got to try Lawrence this time around!
5	My friends visited Montreal from DC and found the Lawrence by chance. Awesome place and service. The food was incredible. I personally had the pork head, and it reminded me of southern cooking with a twist. Also you have to try the butter if your American. It's hard to explain, but it's down right amazing. The get it for the Boucher next door and we made sure before we came back to the states we would stock up on it. Overall the experience was excellent.
5	By far one of my favorite St.Lau eateries. The menu changes seasonally, so you can always count on a very fresh and fun dish. I finally made it for the brunch, and we loved it. The scone & clotted cream is a must. The clotted cream and homemade jam are impeccable.  Served on real china, this dish is authentic and exquisite. For our main meal, we shared baked eggs with celery root and oyster mushrooms, plus smoked trout with scrambled eggs. Be forewarned--they do not skimp on serving size. Bring your appetite! Both plates are accompanied by a huge, country-style toast. The home-smoked trout is always a favorite, available with the lunch menu as well. This little gem is one of the best spots Montreal has to offer!
4	Despite the long waiting time, our dining experience here is pretty good. We got the scone and donuts to start. Then I ordered the french toast and my boyfriend got the English breakfast.My French toast was awesome. it was made with thick toast, and it got a nice balance with cranberry (sweet and sour taste) and crunch thin slices of apply. It got a great texture. The only thing I don't like about this place is it is really crowed. People are standing next you your table waiting to be seated. But overall, nice restaurant.
5	Recommended to us by our Canadian host.  My husband had a savory pork dish and I had the hamburger.  We also had grilled asparagus for an appetizer and the almond cake dessert.  Everything was super-delicious.  The decor is nice, the host and waiter were very nice and attentive.  I would highly recommend eating there during a stay in Montreal.
4	Best potatoes (Bubbles and Squeak) I've ever had! The french toast was delicious. Scones were incredible- moist and flavorful. The wait was a half hour on a Saturday around noon, so be prepared for a bit of a wait.
5	Brunch at Lawrence was my favorite meal in Montreal. First, I love a place that can do a good brunch cocktail beyond the standard mimosa and bloody mary (or rather, the related Caesar if you're in Canada). Their aperol spritz was simple, refreshing, and just what I was looking for. DONUTS! Get the donuts!! We got an assortment of three (lemon was my favorite) and they were just amazing. Then.... THE EGG BAKE. Celery root, oyster mushrooms, cheese, and eggs. Dear. God. It was such a stellar combination, and quite different from any brunch dish I've had. I would go back in a heartbeat for this. Oh, and the incredible (sourdough?) bread that it came with.And I almost forgot about the scones! Moist. With delicious jam and clotted cream.The only almost-downside of the day was a bit of 'tude from the guy who seated us. "How many?""Three? Or maybe four.""Hrmf. We have no space for maybes." ....though the only table open was a 4-seater anyway, so it all worked out fine.
5	An absolute fave. Consistently changing seasonal menu. Fresh ingredients, and you can taste the chef's passion for the food. Brunch and dinner are both phenomenal. I love their Lamb Shoulder, fish, wine selection, and dedication to perfect service. Oh and the donuts. My God. Heaven.
5	By far the best meal you could enjoy in Mile End area of Montreal without dropping a C-note. Started off with a surprisingly packed green salad since my partner and I were feeling guilty after gorging ourselves on poutine the night before. Can you tell we are tourists??? Normally something like a green salad is a forgettable item on the menu, bot not at Lawrence! Theirs is well-balanced, packed with radishes and tomatoes, and full of flavor, testament to the effort they put into every part of the meal. Continued with the medley of beef liver, carrots, honey, and goat cheese. Mindblowingly good! My favorite thing about the restaurant scene in Montreal is how chefs take unusual or less attractive ingredients like liver and transform them into outstanding dishes. I'm now a big fan of liver - who knew?The lead singer of this meal, however, was the Sockeye salmon tartare. Generally I am hesitant to order raw foods outside of a sushi restaurant, because I imagine the cooks have less experience preparing them. But I'm so glad I went for it - the salmon tartare danced between savory/salty notes of the oil and fleshy, succulent textures of the fish. It was divine! My partner had the equally satisfying liver sausage with lentils. Again, I'm a liver convert now thanks to Lawrence. Service was impeccable, the owner and host were very friendly. If you're visiting Montreal, Lawrence should be your first stop for food!
5	Great service and nice atmosphere. There was a bit of a wait but they called us when they were ready for us and it was worth it. We eventually sat at the bar and had the scone, chanterelles eggs, and smoked salmon scramble. Would have been happy to eat every meal there during our visit to Montreal!
5	Go go go! A top 5 pick in Montreal by far.Farm to table mentality, Lawrence chefs work directly with local producers to offer the best of the season. The food can be heavy. Have yet to try brunch.Butter is their best friend. If you go for the gnocchi, plan for a food coma. The bread is ridiculously good and homemade. For a date, brunch, dinner with friends, family, whatever - this is the spot. Environment is good for conversation and designed to be cool but comfortable.
5	Fantastic dinner here, one of the best we had in Montreal!  Definately make a reservation.  Would like to try brunch, next time we go.
5	+++ -     You can walk the streets and they'll text you when the table is ready++Those donuts were good (custard was the best), although I do regret not getting the sconeI don't know what scrapple is, but it was dopeThe English breakfast sausage was good too+The potatoes that came with English breakfast were perfectly seasoned-The good here is kind of on the salty sideFYI: Montreal-ers really take their brunch seriously. This place was super packed (with half hour wait and line spilling out the door around noon on Saturday. In NY the lines don't starts forming until after 12
5	So, what is "scrapple"? It's an English dish that includes scraps of pork/meat stewed with cornmeal/flour and shaped into loaves for slicing and frying. So, basically meat blended into bread and fried. To echo a reviewer below, even if you're not sure what the scrapple here is, yeah - it sure is dope!And to be honest, the brunch here in general is pretty dope. We got donuts, the scone, some apple mimosas, and I got the scrapple dish. Everything was delicious, and this was the best brunch we had in Montreal - well worth the 45 minute wait (I'm from NY, so I'm used to waiting for brunch anyway...).The neighborhood (Mile End) is full of cool shops and fun little boulangeries and coffee houses, so make use of your wait by walking around and checking things out.
5	Super cute and delicious spot.  The place was packed full with a wait for lunch on a Friday so book a table.  I had smoked mackerel with bacon and apples and it was excellent.   For a main I had this giant well priced super delicious pork chop.  And to end a pear/almond tart with a big decadent scoop of creme fraiche.  Great wine list.
4	Came here for brunch today. It was unique and lovely, though it gets busy and is a bit on the pricier side.Very minimal decor, and big glass windows. There was about a 30min wait at 1pm for Sunday brunch. It passed quite quickly though. We were sat down by the owner who was our server. The tables are nice and big so there's space even though it's full. The menu is small, and features 10 or so various brunch creations. More unique ones, like pickled herring with bacon, eggs and rye. Or scrambled eggs with smoked trout. Which was a nice change than the regular eggs Benedict etc. I had the smoked trout with scrambled eggs which was excellent. The scrambled eggs was done in a very unique creamy and herby way. Also, the mimosas and bloody mary was also excellent and strong.People I was with had the baked eggs, and the English breakfast. It all looked great and feedback was positive. We also tried the donuts at the end which were excellent.It definitely leans on the pricier side, and service feels a little passive, but overall a really nice experience. Understated with quality food. The wait is a little off-putting, especially since you can't reserve for less than 6 people, but I'd definitely happily return if the opportunity came up. It seems like they change their menu often too, though I'm not sure.
4	I'm a fan! I came here recently for lunch on a Friday with a friend. While we were hoping to catch brunch, lunch was delicious as well. I ordered the pappardelle with pig's head and capers. The pasta was cooked perfectly and the flavors of the meat and capers together were just right (not too salty). We also ordered the Manchester tart for dessert -- my favorite part of this was the layer of jam at the bottom between the custard and crust.Highly recommended! Service was great as well.-L.
5	Lovely place with minimalistic decor and good vibes for a nice meal with friends or a date night. Came for dinner with my boyfriend and luckily had reserved a table an hour before - might not have been able to get a table at 8pm otherwise. Tried the grilled lamb - nice and juicy and paired well with the side veggies. Definitely coming back to try out the brunch and lunch menus.
4	Went for Sunday brunch. I appreciate the way the handle not taking reservations. You show up, your number is taken down and you get a call when your table is ready. It helps that there are tons of shops up and down St. Laurent while you wait. As for the food, they offer a good variety of interesting brunch options. The portion sizes were good. When the food arrived, it was good but not great. The coffee is bottomless which is nice p. In addition I found the space that they occupy less than ideal, it is crowded, loud, and too open. Not having double doors on the winter really doesn't work. My date and I were both rather cold from the constant draft from the door, taking away from the dining experience. Overall, I found Lawrence to be slightly overrated. I went once and would think twice before going again because of the price.
3	We had a decent meal here, but it wasn't particularly memorable. The oysters were superb, but the 2-person ham, hen and suet pie was way too salty and generally disappointing. The lemon meringue pie was OK but a bit too sweet.  Everything else was fine but unexceptional. Nice environment, but you can probably do better elsewhere in Montreal for this price range.
