3	The place to go for a warm cheesy treat to get through the loooong Montreal winter. Service is excellent and the food - it's melted cheese so you can't go wrong :)
4	Have been here three times and enjoyed it each time.  Sharing the raclette wheel is best with a group of four.  The salads, sides and desserts are creative and consistent.  Bring your own wine.
5	This is absolutely my favorite restaurant in Montreal. I have been twice now and both times were exceptional. For a fixed price, you get an appetizer, soup, unlimited bread, entree, dessert, and coffee. The prices are beyond reasonable for the amount of (amazing) food that you you get. Food is as good as or better than anything I've had in Boston/NYC without the rip-off factor.Both times I had the flank steak, which comes with sauteed green beans and these hashbrown-like crispy potatoes that are to die for. I've also had their mushroom soup and regular dinner salad (which is loaded with figs and some fun cheeses) and both were awesome. The one thing not to miss, however, is the Raclette. Ask for extra peppercorns, you will not be disappointed. I know few things better than a slab of baked, melted cheese on a plate. It's served with a side of gherkin pickles, which sounds strange but the combination is really incredible. I have also had tried their creme brulee and chocolate torte, both fantastic. It's BYOB, which of course always helps keep our wallets happy! And they never judge for bringing a bottle per person :)  The services is always over the top as well. Their menu is in French only, however, staff are always helpful with the translation. The ambiance is beautiful too; it's a small neighborhood joint that is near downtown but not in the middle of the hustle and bustle of everything. It's quiet and outdoor seating is available in summer (and its really cute!) Definitely check this place out; I will definitely be back next time I am in Montreal!
4	I have been in La Raclette always on Friday or Saturday night when the restaurant is packed with large groups that I have been part of too. May be this is the reason I can not imagine this place as a perfect location for romantic dinner. Regardless of how busy is the restaurant the service is prompt and attentive, and the food is served timely. The restaurant focuses on traditional Swiss raclette and fondue, but there is also an amazing choice of appetizers and main courses that are cooked to perfection and are regularly updated on the menu. The food is ordered as small or big full course meal options. Highlights of my last visit are the red peppers soup and deer tartar. The raclette portion is very generous and preparing it is fun. For those who plan to eat raclette, research and choose carefully the wine pairing options. The restaurant is BYOB and the experience may be more authentic if you have the correct wine, white wine from Switzerland or alternately Austria was a perfect choice and it can be found in SAQ.
5	This was a very pleasant experience on a Thursday evening.  We had the rachlette for two, just the right amount of food and very nice on a cool summer evening.  Bring your own wine; nice patio and quiet.
5	Great quiet place with fantastic service and food.  All the recommendations were spot on.  Definitely need to come back again.  Had the raclette as appetizer and perfectly cooked liver. Yum!
5	This place was phenomenal! Had to take a cab from Montreal Centre  to get there, but also accessible by metro.  They speak great English and are very helpful with the menu (they do have an English menu).  We were there to celebrate a 40th Birthday for dinner.  Food was outstanding!  Great ambience and staff extremely friendly and accommodating.  We ordered the raclette  which was divine.  Best meal we had while visiting Montreal! Being able to bring our own wine also made it very affordable.  Love this place and would highly recommend it.
