4	this place was recommended to me by two older italian guys who have been around the block a few times. first, i've never had chicago deep dish style pizza. i've had plenty of sicilian pizza. i ordered the large deep dish with meat all over it. good quality pizza, alot of sauce, and lots of toppings. very flavorful. it's made  just like how a deep dish is suppose to be, but i thought it would be taller / deeper. don't get me wrong, it's a very good pizza. i thought the thickness of the dough was very similar to sicilian, rather then a deep pie. maybe this is how it's suppose to be? anyway, the large was very filling. there's alot of sauce & toppings. very small place. order ahead of time because of the 45 minutes it takes to cook. you can order it to go, or order and have it ready when you arrive. they serve alcohol as well. others i know swear by this place.
4	The hubs and I are always looking for some good pizza joints. This one is right down the street! They don't deliver, which is a bummer, but it is a 2 minute drive, so its no big D. We ordered a thin crust pizza, their deep dish takes 45 minutes ( get crabby when I get hungry, so we will have to plan ahead for that)! We got green olives, Italian sausage and garlic on the pie. The garlic threw the whole pizza off for us. There was waaaay to much. Next time we will go sans garlic. Loved the green olives and italian sausage! We also ordered some fried zucchini. It was tasty, but limp :( We will for sure be ordering from here again!
5	We gave Vito's another shot last night. This time we did no garlic on the pizza....it was AMAZING!!! They are right down the street, and are quickly becoming our go to pizza place!Also I forgot to mention, they cut their pizza in little square, that automatically makes it better in my book!
4	FIrst off, I will definitely be back. The location is a little sketchy, but nothing terrible. They do have a little dinning room that seemed to fill up quickly. I went there primarily for the pizza and the pizza was delicious. We did not get the deep dish. We didn't have enough time to wait. However, I will be back to try the deep dish. The thin crust that we ordered was delicious. The only reason I take a star off is for the wings. They were terrible. I ate one and could not stomach anymore. The chicken tasted old or rotten. But again, that's not their specialty. Next time I will stick to just pizza.
3	We decided we wanted something different than our usual standby pizza place.  I'm glad we tried them and we will be back.  We had the deep dish pizza --true Chicago style with the sauce on top of the  toppings. The crust was excellent and the sauce was a hit.  A word about the toppings.  They were the only thing standing between Vito's and another star in my rating.  We had meatball and mushrooms. We'll definitely try something else next time.  The meatballs tasted old --they had a funny, off taste and the mushrooms were --gasp!--canned. Really?! Canned?! You have a Fry's grocery store RIGHT ACROSS THE STREET.  Spring for the fresh ones, would ya?  So next time it's pepperoni and/or something that can't conceivably come from a freezer bag or tin.  However, the strength of the basic pizza and my eternal optimism that there are other better toppings at this joint lead me to give it a thumbs up and three stars.
5	Delicious! Not only are the deep dish pizzas great but the thin crust pizzas are also amazing.
4	This used to be my go-to pizza place back when I lived west side. Though on occasion we get pizza from there on our way to Surprise to visit by bff and its still just as awesome as I remember it. Seriously, this is not pizza for the faint of heart. Super thick, inverted topping pizza that's so tasty and so filling we dubbed it "gut bomb" since one slice will pretty much do you. Yes, the pizzas are that huge and dense! Beware though, the location is definitely iffy, so watch your back. However some places are worth the risk.
4	As I am a HUGE deep-dish Chicago Pizza lover and this Vito's got rave reviews from two or three peers, as well someone I have begun to respect on Yelp, I had to try it. I...was...NOT...disappointed!This has to be one of the best pizza's I've ever had. I got the 14" deep dish, one item - Pepperoni. Though a little pricey at $18+ - I went to go pick it up, for that alone, I don't expect to pay too much - it was worth every bite.I have to say Uno's is still my favorite - though I heard it shut down here in AZ!! ARG! - this comes in a very, very close second. It's the crust that did it for me. I liked Vito's, but the buttery Uno's is just simply better. And it's definitely best for takeout or delivery as the entire dining room seems like it could fit in my car's trunk. HIGHLY recommended. Despite my situation on the price, I will be going here from now. Or make that, delivery. Not only is the neighborhood a piece of (work) but Northern Ave currently isn't fun to drive down, especially when you have the pizza on the seat next to you, looking up at you wondering: Seriously, what's taking so long?(Overall rating: 4/5 Stars. The following is rated by "out of five" stars.)Ambiance: 2 - only due to the size and it's far from fancy.Service: 5 - I had no problem with the (one single) staff (member) I saw. He got a call, and seemed annoyed with whatever customer he was speaking with - rushing the person along because I happened to be standing there. At least he was both courteous to me and the person on the other end couldn't see him. Also, he gave me a free One-Liter of Mt. Dew I was not expecting. Cheers!Food Taste: 5, oh, excellent!Food Quality: 5, FRESH, wonderful. As if made in my own kitchen.Cleanliness: 3 - it wasn't necessarily dirty, but it wasn't the Ritz either.Friendly Staff: 5 - like I said, he was friendly with me, at least.Fast Busing: N/A, didn't eat in.Smoking Area: No, in case you just stand on the sidewalk outside. NO! not too close to the door. Duh.Would I Return?: Is the Pope Catholic? He is, still, isn't he?Would I Recommend?: Even to someone on a diet.And to who?: Anyone within earshot, or at least someone within the Metro Phoenix area.Additional Information: Check it. You won't regret it, if you're into deep dish Chicago pizza, that is. It's even good reheated, but not 100%...and that's not their fault I can only eat two slices and be as full as Rush Limbaugh at an all day Vegas buffet.
5	Still nomming on Vito's!!!!!!!! So freaken tasty! The pizzas arrive piping hot and full of toppings! Not many places have green olives as a topping option, but thank the stars above that Vito's does!
5	I ate here in the mid 90's, and I still remember it as the best pizza I've ever had in Phoenix.  I just typed it in here to see if it still existed, and sure enough, it's there.  Vito's, here I come.
4	Was a Chicago style deep dish.  Homemade type crust, good sauce. I ordered extra cheese, Italian sausage, canadian bacon and jalepeno!!Was GOOD AND definitely filling!!!
5	One of the best pizzas I've ever eaten. I don't give 5 stars but this place is the BUSINESS. The cook was drinking espresso and watching Good Fellas when we came in. Chicago style deep dish was incredibly hardy and the pizza sauce was explosive - layered with very tastey Italian sausage and different parmesan cheeses. Crust was firm enough to eat with hands, despite being loaded. I love garlic & you need to as the sauce is super garlicy good. My wife isn't into Chicago style so we also ordered the thin crust pizza. It was exceptionally good as well. Super thin crust was firm - we did the Margarit with basil and tomatoes - lite and delicious. I can't recommend this place enough. It costs a bit more but there are leftovers a'plenty and the quality is unsurpassed.
4	I don't really like deep dish pizza, I usually prefer thin cust, but my girl loves it so after being let down by a few places and reading lots of reviews we tried Vitos. Wow the pizza was amazing! I will never eat deep dish pizza anywhere else again! I have been converted. Cant wait to eat there again!
3	My Yelp search for "deep dish pizza" kept yielding this place as a result, so I felt obligated to try it. I did so twice, to have both thin crust and deep dish pizzas.The thin crust, for lack of an original term, is nothing to write home about. The cheese was alright, but that was about it. It was tasty, but nothing that would impress me.The deep dish pizza was a bit more satisfying. The crust itself was pretty flavorful, and the toppings rich. I'm no deep dish pizza expert, but from what I've had, the cheese is usually piled on. There wasn't so much on this pie. Too bad, that would have made it shine a bit more. I'm not a fan of all that sauce slathered on. It's very salty, and even though it's admittedly tasty I found it harder to stomach after one slice. And trust me, I have a big stomach.I see a few options here and there like sandwiches, but I guess that's to be expected from a restaurant like this. The place is very small, but the waiter's cool and there's usually a game on. What initially flirted with two stars won me over with charm and simplicity. Is it a decent pie? Yes. Does it deserve the "Best of Phoenix" award? Hell no.
5	Heard alot about the deep dish from Vito's so I thought I would try it out. You know that tingling feeling u get in your special places when u ride a roller coaster and u take that first huge dip? That's how I felt when I took my first bite of their deep dish. It was that good. I will no doubt be going there again.
5	Chicago style thin crust.... YUM!  Here's the deal.  Moving from Illinois, I had a really hard time finding a good pizza place in PHX... This is pretty typical.  After the first year, I figured that Rosati's was as good as it was going to get.. And don't get me wrong, Rosati's is good... But then I found Vito's.  I freaking love Vito's.  Pineapple and pepperoni thin crust.  So damn good.  It's my favorite comfort food.  YUM YUM YUM YUM! Oh yea.  And garlic bread with cheese.
4	Vitos Shitty lil strip mall...good pizza. I had been driving around for a new place to check out, since it feels like forever since I reviewed anywhere. I miss ma Yelp. place #1 closed for the day place #2 appeared to be closed down Desperate and hungry i found Vitos via Yelp and was ahh what ev... I ordered the thick crust and listened to other yelpers talk shit about coworkers, chatted with a guy from Surprise and waited. The pizza was good, sauce was a bit salty but I liked it. The crust was thick chewy on the inside and crispy on the bottom. It was good. After 2 slices and one more bit of the corner of one more slice, I packed the rest to go. The neighbor kid was walking by as I drove up so he was in for a good snack as I gave him the left overs. Would I go back? Maybe if I were in the area or suggesting it to someone but it is not better then Barros to me. Sorry.
5	I've never had a deep dish that was actually made in Chicago, but I can't imagine it gets much better than this. Just keep in mind, a pizza as big as theirs takes time to cook (around 45 min.), so call your order in or prepare to wait a while...
5	I've been to Vitos about 4-5 times.  I live 45 mins away... Totally worth the drive.The bread and zucchini are my fav way to start my meal.. DON'T eat too much because the food is going to make u so full!The Deep dish pizza is to DIE for... I admit to being a food snob.  I believe in using good ingredients and creating flavors that you can't get in every other pizza shop.  VITOS is KING!!!!They make their own sausage, sooo good, and their sauce isn't too sweet from the basil.  Their crust has some sweetness to it; it is not over powering or distracting to the food.  The sweetness creates a balance to the overall pizza.  The texture is PERFECT!  I'm making myself hungry.Really, this place is a BIG surprise!  You will love it!FYI: BYOB, if u want soda or Iced tea they got u covered!
4	Being from the midwest, I'd been looking for a place that served Chicago-style deep dish pizza and Yelp helped me locate this place (which just happened to only be about 2 miles from where I live). Vito's was really good! As it was just me, I had lots of leftovers and they reheated well in the microwave and I think may have even tasted better the 2nd day. Don't let the location scare you away, give it a try.
5	I'm from Chicago and one of my friends moved to Scottsdale and recommended this place as something equivalent to our 3rd best deep dish in Chicago but the best available in the Phoenix area.  He was spot on. The pizza is pretty good, it is the best you can get without having the cool specialties like butter crust or slab sausage that covers the whole pizza.  But definitely try the Vito specialty Deep Dish, it is good pizza and I would go back for sure :)  The service is good as well and it has a very homely feel to it :)I wanted to try the tiramisu but was so stuffed after my one piece of the large (which fed 4 of us with 4 slices left over, mmm)  I did have a piece of pizza bread and a sliver of fried zucchini though, both of which were pretty good.
1	I went to Chicago, fell in love with deep dish and PRAYED to find something here. after searching and searching, I found this place and i saw the great reviews and was so excited!I ordered the large cheese deep dish.DISGUSTING! the crust is soft and bready. In chicago, the crust is crunchy and flaky. the sauce tasted like articial canned sauce. In chicago, the sauce tastes like they just mashed up some fresh tomatoes.I could probably get frozen deep dish from wal mart that would taste better.
1	First off , I have never gotten out of that restaurant without paying at least $30. WIth a family of four , around $80+ not including drinks. The food is okay if you like a slice of pizza that is mainly made up of sauce and bread with barely any cheese or toppings.So much sauce , it was like soup! Then to top off the crappy food was the staff. It is 100+ degrees outside and they had a problem with us wearing shorts and flip flops. But hey they still let us in. Maybe the reason our food was crappy was because they didn't like our clothes. Until things change , I won't be wasting any more money here.I suggest that if this restaurant wants to survive , they need to re think their menu , and straighten up the employees attitudes , big time.And to everyone else who put more than 3 stars on your review , either you don't have tastebuds , or you got paid to do your review.
5	After noticing this place from living in the area I looked up the reviews and was excited to see that most gave this place rave reviews. I ordered the deep dish Vito's special since it was highly recommended and went to pick it up..you can tell this pizza had some weight to it. Pizza was super tasty, smothered with rich tomato sauce, peppers, onions and sausage on a soft cheesy perfectly cooked crust. My mouth is watering as I write this lol. I can't wait to try all of them. Now I have lived in what I consider one of the nicer neighborhoods near Vito's and while its not The Biltmore this strip mall isn't as bad as most claim. It's actually really clean with some nice local businesses in it. I find myself lucky to claim this little neighborhood restaurant.
5	Vito's has the BEST deep dish pizza in the Phoenix area! The crust is crunchy, the pizza has lots of sauce, cheese and fillings! It can take up to an hour to get your pizza, but it's well worth the wait!
4	Although deep dish is not what I grew up eating in Chicago, thin was the only way unless out of town guests came in, this is by far the best deep dish I've had since heaving Chicago.  The guy lived in Italy, then moved to my area of Chicago, and then here.  It's a long wait but TOTALLY worth it.  Get the deep dish with sausage.  It's real sausage (not rabbit pellets).  YUMMY!
4	I'm no pizza expert by any means but I have probably eaten hundreds, possibly thousands, of pizzas in my lifetime and this one definitely made an impression on me!My friend and I have been in search of a good deep dish pizzas in the Phoenix area for quite some time now and one that embodies what Chicago style truly is. This pizza was really, really, really good. As I learned from Chicago pizza eating experts, the crust should be light, flaky and almost biscuit like. The crust did not have that texture. It was denser. The slices are indeed thick as expected.  It was my first time eating a pizza with the sauce over the cheese, and I was told, "this is as it should be." It didn't matter to me how it should be though because I loved every bite of it! I don't care if it's in a not so great part of town! I am coming back for more and I am recommending it to people looking for extra good deep dish pizza!
5	We went to Glendale for my son's game, not a lot of choices to eat near the school but I looked on yelp and found Vito's...had a good rating and the reviews were very good!  We drove in and were a little surprised to see a kind of "hole in the wall" type place in a strip mall but hey, I trust yelpers! We walked in and ordered 2 pizza's....the service was quick and the pizza was too die for! We left saying that we hoped our son played the same team next year so we would have a reason to return to this part of Glendale! Really really good pizza!!!!!
1	We have been coming to Vito's for several years - like everyone else, we can't get enough of their deep dish pizza! - and never have had any complaints. Today, we ordered a deep dish pie for pickup and did not check the box until we got home.. Only to find that it was a thin crust! We live within 10 minutes of the place and called to see if they had given us the wrong pizza accidentally. I thought we could simply go back and get the correct one, or they could bring it to us, since we live in delivery distance. The girl - who took the order, rang me out, and answered this phone call - simply gave a very insincere apology with no plan to offer to fix the problem; after a minute of impasse I asked in a very sarcastic manner if we should just keep the pizza.. To which she replied yes!! We did, and it was delicious, but that's just not good customer service! I am very sad to say that we will have to find a new favorite pizza place :(
2	Many of the reviews on here are far too exaggerated. I am originally from Chicago and the pizza at Vito's is not even close to what we have there. It is quite a step even below Barro's, which I enjoy but is also not a good representation of Chicago.I am speaking in regards to their deep dish, which is all that I have tried here. The pizza is not awful. It is pizza and when is pizza ever bad? However, it is nothing special and definitely below average. The prices are very high considering the quality of pizza. We spent over $30 for one pizza and a small side. For that price I expect something a lot better, so I don't think we will be back.
5	The pizza is amazing. Homemade sauce and real ingredients you can not beat. My waitress Katie was fantastic, attentive and personable. I would recommend this place to anyone who is looking for Chicago style pizza or just pizza in general.
3	I was impressed with the service and the family owned feel of the place. The pizza. Not so much. I agree with other reviewers that it is far too saucy. And not in a good way! And that the sauce is indeed too salty. We only ordered one pie and it was really, extremely filling. The boy and I only had a slice each and split another. I will most definitely be back to try some other things on the menu though. I am sure that there will be something I like.
1	Read about the great pizza, out of town on business from Chicago. Saw they were open til 10pm, drove 20 minutes to get there, arrived at 8:40p only to be told that they didn't feel like making us a deep dish pizza because it took too long and we could get a thin crust instead. The restaurant was empty aside from us and we were shocked- who does that? They said they say they close at 10 but like to get out by 9/9:30. My advice? Call ahead to make sure they are even open or in the mood to make you a pizza. I mean, who does that???
5	Deep dish pizza here is incredible. Doesn't get better. It's expensive for the deep dish, but worth it. I disagree that the pizza is far too saucy, it is awesome.Wings are fantastic too.
2	Pizza is great! Crust is awesome, homemade sausage is fabulous! Horrible in attentive staff. We were the only table and  both waitresses  ignored us the entire time.  Unfortunately the service was so disappointing that I will not return.
5	We come here 4 their Impressive Deep dish pizza's which r simply Spectacular!! Their sauce is not pasty tasting (hint of wine in it) & a couple slices feels like having eaten a full pizza in itself. We luv how saucy it is w/ their toppings underneath & the sauce on top as being that deep of a dish would b very hard 2 eat & probably caught in the throat w/o such~especially 4 the thickness it is. I'm always Amazed 1dering how they get their pizza dough so perfectly molded (2 fit all the generous portions of toppings & sauce in ur pizza pie). Really Luv our Fave = Deep Dish Tradition/style!!   Service always ranges from ok - good (depending on the server) inside the establishment which is nice inside, just not anything elabor8 ~ but why would it b as it's in a shopping center? Tables & chairs w/ disposable place~mats. But we're always there 4 the Awesome pizza anyhow & don't mind w8ing the li'l bit it takes 2 cre8 such goodness 4 our palate's & bellies, it' So Worth It!! Besides I can't imagine the disappointment of arriving home after having 2 hit the brakes a li'l 2 hard thx 2 horrible drivers we have 2 share the road w/ & c all that sauce satur8ing the box interior instead of it's perfected prepared present8ion when served up piping hot & fresh from the oven in back. MMM mmmm!!   Their Greek salad is gr8 but I luv the Vito's salad even more! We've also had their fried zucchini which always has the perfect consistency w/o being over~fried, or greasy~soggy underdone. Our fave deep dish pizza 2 order is their cheese & of course their Veggie which speaking of, their Veggie sub is pretty Amazing 2. We had a 1derful cannoli & tirumisu 4 dessert which is melt~in~ur~mouth yumminess! We Luv coming here whenever we can & I always like supporting local family owned & oper8ed establishments (this 1 has been here over 20 + yrs that I know of) which is rather self~explanatory speaking volumes over & above big~name places just across the street that hardly lasted even a yr!! Have Always Luved Vito's, always will...
4	First, let me begin by insisting that you ignore the fact it's in a questionable neighborhood next to a shady massage parlor. Most of the good food in Phoenix is that way (and if you didn't know that, get out of your hole).This place isn't the best for dine-in, however, their delivery area isn't big enough for us all to enjoy the eat-at-home service.... So I recommend making the trip (cheaper than flying to Chicago to get deep dish this good).The sauce is orgasmic. I will be having dreams about it for the next few days. Luckily, their smallest pizza is enough to feed me for a few more days. The wait is what you'd expect from good deep dish (40-45 minutes). Do not come here if you are in a hurry (or any pizza place for that matter).It's good, very good. Why not 5 stars? The little things. Chicago style pizzas... No references to Chicago. WHOLE bunch of Italy though. As big as the pizzas are... It's not built for groups. Lots of carbs, nothing light and refreshing which would be nice to finish off a hefty pizza. All of the appetizers are huge portions. That being said it's also not really good for just 2 people. Probably why all the tables seat exactly 4. Double date, bring a small family, and you'll be fine.On the flip side...Server was attentive when she needed to be and friendly. Price is good, quantity is excellent, food is excellent. The place is clean, I'll be back to try more.
4	We yelped deep dish pizza and the first listing was Vito's.  The pics looked great and it looked just as good when it arrived at the table.  We ordered the Vito's special but I didn't get sausage on my side.  It took a little while as a deep dish pizza should and we expected that.  Definitely worth the wait.  The sauce was tasty and there was plenty of cheese.  And we thought was perfectly done. I would have given it five stars if the atmosphere was a little nicer but we will definitely be back when we get a craving for a deep dish pizza.
4	Really good pizza awesome mozzarella sticks. Giving it a 4 instead of a 5 because the waitress was just sitting there watching us as we ate. She was very nice but it was just uncomfortable. It's a small little place not recommended for big parties but the pizza is awesome. We had the thin crust cheese and a pepperoni large Excellent we will be ordering from them but this time as a take out instead or maybe delivery :)
5	Great deep dish pizza! Ordered delivery. After one piece of the meat pizza special and I was stuffed. I would certainly recommend Vito's and will order again!
5	AMAZING Chicago style pizza! Really. Don't even have much else I can say. I LOVE pizza, and this is my favorite pizza.
1	Wasn't impressed at all. For price I expect better quality. Chicago style Pizza was burnt and wings where not even crispy.
5	Simply put: best deep dish ever! My family and I have been going here for as long as I can remember!!!
3	Isn't the Chicago Style pizza I was looking for.
5	This place is a hidden gem! They are tucked quietly in a corner behind sonics and next to a massage parlor! The place is small however the staff is amazong! I was greeted as soon as I walked through the door and the ladies went over the menu with me! I come from Chicago so trust me I know great pizza! I orderd the medium deep dish pizza with pepperoni,  Italian sausage, and ground beef! It took about 40 minutes to make so I suggest calling it in ahead of time! This pizza is amazing! The most authentic Chicago deep dish I have had outside of Chicago! The crust was perfect and the sauce was to die for! I drove 20 minutes home and the pizza was still gooey and warm! PERFECTION I will be back definitely worth the drive
5	We're from Chicago -  we know good pizza! This place is the best in Az.!
5	I've never had Chicago style pizza before but I've been wanting to try it. Vito's was beyond delicious. Definitely in my top 5 best pizzas I've ever eaten. Me and my boyfriend ordered a small deep dish pizza and we were only able to eat half of it. Very filling and so yummy !
4	Good thin crust pizza not greasy.  Very fast delivery but 2 topping, large, thin crust, delivered, $22.58. Maybe a bit high$ for 3 people.
5	This was great! Perfect crust, perfect sauce! we had it delivered (we were on the edge of their delivery zone) Order early, this one takes a while to cook. We had a medium all meat deep dish and man was it a heavy box! Three of us ate 1/2 the pizza. Was craving a Chicago deep dish pizza and this did not disappoint!
