1	My family often comes to this shopping center. I visited my mother in Queen Creek for 8 days in December and several times after that. Not once did I ever see this place open nor has my family who lives here. They are closed by 3 o'clock! When I reviewed this place, there were no hours posted on yelp, nor was there a website at the time of this review, which was in 2009! The place looks interesting. I appreciate the Caffe reaching out to me and I will try them when I visit because that is the type of customer service that warrants a second try.
4	What a pleasant surprise! I was headed to Serrano's, which I don't particularly enjoy, when I noticed the sign on a tucked away building in the same parking lot. I wasn't sure what the restaurant was or what to expect, but one thing I did know - I had not yet Yelped in (and I could also Check in via the new handy Yelp mobile feature)...The owner saw my confused look and quickly concluded it was my first visit. Looking over the options for salads, sandwiches and wraps, I chose the Mediterranean vegetable wrap while my friend took the Mediterranean chicken sandwich. My wrap came with a spinach tortilla, hummus, olives, feta, onions, red peppers, pesto - you name it! The chicken sandwich was served on ciabatta and most of the same ingredients ('cept no hummus). Looking over the menu I was excited to see they actually had bananas Foster! WHAT?!? Then the owner explained, no, that was a banana Foster gelato, not the actual banana Foster...and they no longer had gelato because the ice cream actually was a bigger seller. He did say that he could make a banana Foster-like milkshake with banana, ice cream, some caramel... it was good, and close, but not quiet there. We also left with a chocolate/peanut butter shake. That was tasty!The owner said they have been open for 8 months and although it is tucked away, that is part of the charm because it isn't right up on the street. The entire side windows open during the warmer weather and a local music company sets up live music. They have a car show, a ride your bike day, etc. A few regular local events, paintings from local artists and the availability of a logoed shirt and hat (sold at cost) make this place a charming find in the QC. I will definitely put this on my list of places to stop by from time to time.
4	Seems kinda silly to only base a review of closing time (they serve mainly breakfast and lunch) but I loved them (in reference to the one star this place got - NOT WARRANTED). Nice friendly owners. It was their one year business birthday. Free cake. They have tomato basil soup (it was just ok) but they have sandwiches, salads, smoothies - sweets and of course coffee .... I enjoyed this place.  It is a weak 4, but still worthy of a 4.  I will probably be back to try more stuff.
5	Awesome sandwiches- try the mediterranean chicken. And also a great social setting with car shows, art shows and music.
3	This is one of those locally owned, small places that we hope makes it through these tough times. While the food isn't anything to brag about -- I had a tuna sandwich that had good flavor, but very little tuna -- their drink menu is. (Nonalcoholic.) They have one of the largest collections of flavorings I've ever seen to make smoothies, creamy Italian sodas, and fountain drinks. They offer several salads, wraps, and baguette sandwiches, and it's one of the few places around where you can get bagels or hummus and pita chips.
4	So happy that this is located just steps from my front door! Love that I can get a Chi Latte in the morning before work and not have to go out of my way - perfect little locally owned cafe. Free Wi-Fi makes a nice afternoon getaway from my desk but can still get some work done on my laptop. They also hold local artists events and other functions that support local which is a great thing.  Just wish the hours were a bit later in the evening.
5	This place is great it has a nice relaxing and quiet atmosphere.  The food is all really fresh and I have enjoyed everything I have tried. They have Blue Bell ice cream which is my favorite and they have all sorts of delicious baked treats.
5	I stumbled upon this place recently with a friend. It is such a nice environment, and the people who work here are super friendly.  I have been back several times and their food and beverages are remarkable. I like it when the coffee drinks are hot, not lukewarm and they serve them up hot every time.  I like the fact they aren't super busy and they serve a more local crowd.  They are somewhat off the road and the signage is a bit difficult to see, hopefully this will not effect their business longevity.  They also host several weekly events and have a great selection of books, local artwork, etc. to purchase or exchange. Great work guys/gals @ The Rhino, keep it up and best of luck.
5	I LOVE this place.  My favorite is the chicken Mediteranian sandwich and the thai ice tea.....could eat it every day.  It has the feel of Starbucks, with a less expensive cost....and a much bigger selection.  Quiet table in the back make it a great place to work.  Patio tables for those nice days you want to eat outside.
2	I think this place has potential. The place looks nice and I was excited to try it, but the first experience was not so good. I called on a Sunday morning and asked if they had "muffins and pastries." After I was told yes I threw on my flip flops and headed over to find ONE bran muffin and no pastries. I was so disappointed because I had high hopes due to all the reviews I have seen here on Yelp!Not sure why they told me that but maybe someday I can go in there and try something else to see if they can redeem themselves, and I can throw them another star or two!
4	Good solid 4 stars. I enjoy the breakfast burritos & breakfast food in general here. There are healthy options too for veggie & vegan peeps. Very friendly & affordable.  They serve baked goods & ice cream too and they have kid options.
4	I love the food & coffee here. The owner & staff are always friendly, and love to chat. I've sampled most of the menu, and have yet to be disappointed.There are tables, power outlets, & wifi, which makes for a good place to stop in for a few hours & work. (Just don't be a wifi-freeloader, the coffee gods will smite you!)The only real "con" is their hours. I would love to be able to stop by on my way home & grab a cup of coffee, but they close so early :(
4	Very good latte and friendly service. Haven't tried the food yet but will soon. Nice atmosphere, free wifi. I love locally/family owned businesses.
4	Their "country" breakfast burrito was way better than I expected. Delicious tortilla, fresh tasting eggs perfectly cooked. Will definitely be eating breakfast here more often.
2	Gave this place a shot on a sunday morning, was not impressed.  Wanted to love it but the food was bland the coffee was ok and they were GREATLY under-staffed.  It took over 30 min to get a latte and a cinnamon roll.  The roll was hard.  My friends ordered breakfast burritos and they came hard and incorrect.  No music or tvs very bland setting...sorry but won't be back.
5	I fell in love with the rhino today.  The food is fantastic and the service is even better.  The atmosphere is great... very open and welcoming in the main area, artsy and cozy in the back where they have books for sale, and nice outdoor seating.  The dark chocolate mocha is amazing!  A must for lovers of dark chocolate and espresso. They were very accommodating with my food allergies.  They have soy milk and food options without meat or cheese available.  Not necessarily vegan friendly though.Check this place out.  You'll love it too.
4	The cafe is under new ownership as of this monthThe food has already acceptable and the service is attentive. The atmosphere is great... very open and welcoming in the main area,  I visit the other coffee shops in the area where the coffee is always over price and the music is to loud to hold a conversation either with someone or on the phone. This place has been the opposite so stop and check it out.  I understand the menu item are changing and new atmosphere is welcome change.
4	Car show every Friday.  Open mic night every Saturday.  25% off for riding bike on Sunday.  Art/craft show once a month.  Incredible for Queen Creek.  Only bad thing is early closing time during week.  It and dunkin donuts only brekkie open at 6am for early risers.
