1	This buffet just opened Friday in the spot were Hibachi Grill used to be and it looks the same with the really funny resteroom sign that I tried to photo but couldn't. Sadly I left hungry with an upset stomach over the foods I tried. I started with some sushi that sort of looked dried out and when I tried a piece the rice wasn't seasoned and was just gooey and fell apart.I was hoping for some tasty seafood since this is a seafood buffet. I"m not sure I did SEE FOOD but I saw cod and what they called salmon that was a white flesh fish here. I really like fish and I wasn't able to eat either of them the taste was too offensive. I put some vegetables on my plate but the broccoli was mushy and had a strange taste to it. Since I still didn't eat almost anything I decided to try the Mongolian stir fry. I picked some vegetables that looked good and some chicken. The stir fry guy asked me if I wanted teriyaki or soy sauce so I picked soy sauce. He chopped, he slopped sauced it up a bit and he twirled the spatula around a bit for show. It looked OK to me but it tasted awful like an 8 year old made it. The chicken was extremely dry I couldn't eat it but the way it tasted was just awful like all just soy sauce. They had one salad that wasn't completely awful but it tasted like old fish, it was the seaweed with cucumbers and radish. I was able to pull out the radishes and eat the radishes but the rest tasted very fishy.The chicken on a stick was sweet and weird tasting. (YUK)My husband tried to eat an octopus and he said it was just like rubber.They didn't have much in the way of prepared stir fry dishes.I tried a piece of battered chicken that was OK and a couple of cold french fried that were edible.I did like the bean paste stuffed bun that looked like a peach. The fresh grapes were very good.I saw loquats so I took some. I popped one in my mouth and had to spit it out because it tasted like something meaty was on it. They just opened maybe they will get better and just don't have it together yet?I also note I didn't try everything so MAYBE they had some good dishes? I didn't try?However I will never return.As only a slight update This Buffet was featured on 5-16-13 on Dirty Dining with 11 major health code violations. (no wonder why stuff just didn't taste right) So you should check the Maricopa Co. Health Inspections before you dine here.ANOTHER slight update Aug-22-13  6 major health code violations according to Dirty Dining on KPHO
4	Stopped into this new Buffet today joined by Jackie R., Mike C. & Norm R.  This is the former location of my favorite Hibachi Grill Buffet & I was sorry to see them go, but we have just about the same thing here with a little smaller selection of food.  The floor plan & furnishings are unchanged and today's Buffet featured 138 tasty dishes, plus sauces & dressings.  I started with some good Miso Soup, one of several available, & then it was on to lots of really delicious Sushi!  There was Mongolian style BBQ too, surprises such as very good ham, great fried chicken, & plenty of the other dishes you expect to see at these Oriental Buffets.  Dessert for me was rich, delicious real ice cream, one of eight flavors.Everything about this lunch was very nice.  I haven't a single complaint about Lin's here & thought it was almost 5 Stars!     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet $8.59/$7.59 Sr.
1	For those who don't know it , this originally was named "hibachi Grill buffet" , they changed their name because they had so many bad reviews. And I will tell you that nothing has changed here. It is the same company , different buffet name , a pig with a new frock on. Save your time and money. Seriously. I'm not joking , i'm not playing here. Food is dried out, there isn't a good selection of actual "seafood". The sushi is  cooked fish , but thank god for that , because if it was real and raw sushi people would be going to the hospital (thunderbird samaritan is right down the road for those brave enough to eat here). My point is , if they can't even prepare the existing food correctly , how on earth would they be able to handle real sushi? Good waiter service , but bad food.
1	Pro's - clean, friendly, fastCon's - the foodNot one bit different from its former name. blek. Was hoping for a miracle, did not get one. will not be back.  Next time, I'll continue on Bell Rd down to Pacific Seafood Buffet. Much better choice!
1	Really! This place is worse than the previous incarnation - Hibachi Grill or whatever it was called. I was hoping that new name/new management = much better buffet. No dice. It was like eating at a bad cafeteria - vegetables oversalted, meat overcooked, and everything just generally bland. And the worst part is the Grand Opening banners are still up. Is this the best it's going to be? It was also quite pricey per person. If I'm paying that much I might as well go to Pacific Seafood Buffet. Pretty pricey but much better quality.Meet the new buffetSame as the old buffetI'll take a bite of the sweet orange chickenTake a bowl of the spicy egg drop soupSmile and grin at the fools all around mePick up my tab and payJust like yesterdayAnd I'll get on my knees and prayWe don't get fooled again
1	BAD FOOD!  Save your time and money, don't go there!It's was my Dad's idea.  He's likes to give new restaurants a try so I went to read some reviews on Yelp, not so much positive about the place.  I told my Parents about these negative reviews & asked them not to go there but they wouldn't listen to me.  I finally gave in to my Dad and went there with them last night Friday, 7/5/13 for dinner.  Dinner price is  $13.99 per adult.  The restaurant gives my parents $2.00 off senior discount, big deal.  The ambient of the restaurant is nice, restrooms are clean, our waiter was courteous & friendly by frequently checking on us and promptly cleared out our empty dishes on our table (no complaint here).  Food tasted a little strange but was ok to me.  My Dad seems to enjoy his choice of selection of variety on the buffet.  We left Lin's Seafood Buffet about 7:30  P. M. went home ... and about 10:30 P.M. last night I had a violent stomachache!  I was having diarrhea and still now this morning.  Everything I ate at the restaurant has been threw up. I took 2 table spoons Pepto-Bismo (the pink liquid stomach relief) but couldn't be able to keep it down, I was threw it all up again.  I was on the toilet all night and vomiting 7 times!  ... until my stomach was completely empty.  I kept a double plastic clean trash bags next to my bed in case I want to vomit again.  I couldn't keep my Pepto-Bismo in my system, I threw up back out as soon as I took The Pepto-Bismo and water.  It was horrible!  I was sick like a...can't even find a word to describe my situation I'm in right now.  My mind is scatter and cannot concentrating in anything.  I feel dizzy every time I get up from my bed to use the restroom.   All I want to say is I don't want anyone to get sick like me.  Fortunately, my parents seem to be ok.  We have narrowed it down to a few items on the buffet and found that could be the thin slice beef at the  Mongolian stir fry bar, the clams, the seaweed at the sushi bar and definitely the oysters.  These are items I've tried last night but not my parents.  I will never go back to Lin's Seafood Buffet ever again even if they give the food out for free.  For being sick like this, it's horrible.  Don't go there!  Don't make the same mistake as I did by letting my Dad persuades me and disregard these negative reviews on Yelp or you may try this place at your own risk, you decide.
1	I saw this Lin's and wish I had kept on driving. I just left there and am feeling sick already. I had egg drop soup which was just lukewarm so I didn't eat it. Fried shrimp was ok, coconut shrimp was too sweet. There are a lot of selections, problem is they don't look too good. The cod and salmon looked very dried out. Thought I'd try the stir fry grill but when I got there and saw the guy cooking was dripping sweat off his forehead into the food, I changed my mind. For $13.99 it is way overpriced. The server never came back to refill water or see if we needed anything, only time I saw him was when he brought the check. All that was written on the check was. W2, no price. Took the ticket to the front and the girl there asked if this was all he gave me, then shook her head. Oh, I can't forget the sticky floors, my  shoes kept getting stuck. Clean your floors! I will never go back here and can't recommend it to anyone.
1	Real rating is negative 5 stars, not much of a selection as per commercials lead you to believe. Staff was very rude when we asked for a manager which was not available. Made rude comments speaking Chinese, fortunately my wife is Japanese and heard every word they said, will be reporting them to the BBB for rude and unprofessional behaviour.
4	= = = = = =  WHOA!!!  CAN WE TALK???  = = = = = =I just discovered that since my 4-Star Review back on May 13th for Lin's here, EIGHT Yelpers in a row have given it ONE STAR!  So, to save my reputation for having a positive review hanging out there for this supposedly terrible place, I charged back over here for lunch today, prepared for the worst.  Instead, what I found was:*  A clean, properly stocked rest room.*  A big, beautiful, immaculately clean, very comfortable dining room!*  A BIG selection of 149 food items out, plus sauces & dressings!*  A completely friendly staff!*  Faultless table service!*  EVERY food item that I ate served at the proper temperature, from the tasty, piping hot Hot & Sour Soup (one of SIX choices!) to the EIGHT kinds of REAL ice cream, firm but scoopable!After the soup, I went out of my way to try to find anything wrong I could with any of the food.  I wolfed through a variety of Sushi offerings, Mongolian style BBQ with lots of beef & other meats, various other hot & cold seafood dishes & so on.  Everything tasted just the way it should have!Some of the many treats I enjoyed here today were the Kim Chee, BBQ Spare Ribs, Stuffed Shrimp, Stuffed Scallops, REAL (not "hockey puck") Egg Foo Young with brown gravy, Sweet & Sour Fish (!), good fried chicken & so much more!Priced a little higher than comparable Buffet choices Hibachi & China City, I'm going to hold this one down to a high 4 Stars, but with that said, I COULDN'T FIND ANYTHING WRONG HERE TODAY, PERIOD!Weekday Lunch Buffet $8.59/$7.59 Sr. & YES, they have beer!     :-))
4	DON'T PAY ATTENTION TO THE BAD REVIEWS.  I have a feeling this site is being hacked by the competition.  That being said on with my review ....  This extremely CLEAN, FRIENDLY and DELICIOUS buffet is a delight.  I normally don't care for buffets so for me to want to leave a review speaks volumes.  The food was fresh, hot (or cold on ice) and tempting.  I wish I could give it 4-1/2 stars and it would be a 5 star if there were more dishes with veggies.  I plan to return soon bringing friends with me.
1	By far one of the worse buffet I have ever been to. They barely keep their food supplied and the worse of all, I found a piece of hair, yes I said it a HAIR! I found a piece of hair in the self served ice cream station. That station is so unprotected that I'm not surprised a piece of hair fell in. But just the thought of another random stranger's hair in there is just plain NASTY!!! I even tried to talk to the manager but it took literally 15mins. Before the manager came.
4	I don't know why people gave this buffet resto low ratings? Do you guys really know good food? I'm a food lover(foodholic) & I always love to try to go to different restaurants just to try it( food adventure is fun ) I love exploring different kind of cuisines. So I guess for me I really like Lin's because of its affordable price, nice atmosphere & it's clean. I can't say it's the best Chinese buffet or food that I've ever tried but it's good.
2	The food tasted good but wasn't hot.  In fact, it was barely warm.  The place was a ghost town at 7 pm on a Tuesday which isn't a good sign considering all the promotion lately and the size of the restaurant.  $28 later for two people, we are leaving hungry, disappointed and wishing we would have listened to other yelpers.  We will not be returning.
1	Read reviews with many to be more cold than warm however, decided to give this restaurant a try just because I am a sucker for good seafood and a buffet can be quite delicious.  The place is much bigger inside than it looks from the outside and is in a strip mall on the southeast corner of Bell and 51st Ave.  The decoration isn't bad and kind of interesting though the booths are uncomfortable, the wrong height and the tables with booths are in a horrible arrangement so you are forced to share space with other tables and at this visit, with about 15 young children.  The food was either too sweet or seemed to be old.  The crab legs were pretty terrible (cold and tasteless), the few seafood dishes they do have were either tasteless or seemed very unappetizing.  Some of the dishes were warm although I would not consider them fresh.  The mussels and clams had a strange odor and looked horrific.  There used to be a seafood buffet on Camelback that closed and I had hoped this place could fill the space but sadly, there are way too many issues.  The servers were nice and the place seemed fairly clean which makes the food so much more unfortunate.  Skip this place for now....maybe the reviews will help them improve.
5	After reading all the reviews, a friend and I decided to give it a try. Right when we walked in we were amazed at the size and how clean it was. We were greeted by a friendly host.Now on to the important part, the food. The selection is huge! The food was hot and good. For a buffet this is one of the best in this area.
1	I confess, I love Chinese and really love Chinese Buffet. After hearing mixed reviews of Lin's Seafood Buffet at 51st Ave & W. Bell, we decided to give it a try. I left neither satisfied or full. Actually, I am praying I don't get sick. Crab that smells like ammonia, and ribs smell like, well, dog food. Maybe dog ribs? Lin's is clearly at the bottom of the list of places to return to. Yes, it was busy, Valentine's Day. But is that an excuse for many empty tables piled with dirty plates in our service area. Oh yes, we actually had to chase the server down to get our bill. Food quality isn't even in the same class as Pacific Seafood Buffet at 83rd & Bell. Pacific is in a buffet class by themselves. Unfortunately, so is Lin's. But they are close to a hospital.
1	I wish I had read the reviews before coming here. Most of the food we tried was hard and cold. The hibachi grill really doesn't have much options as far as veggies are concerned. The sushi selection was good but the sushi were all falling apart maybe from sitting there too long.... It was our first time here after the new management and I don't know what made us think it would be an improvement. The women's restroom I will say was stocked and clean... The waiter we had was very nice.... The food was gross. We were very disappointed thankfully a group of ladies next to us gave us a coupon so we were paying full price for not even eating... We won't be coming back. The upside none of us got sick...
1	YUCK! i will never go back i was so scared i was going to sick after eating! thank god i didnt but the health dep should take a look! its not pretty!
4	Ok after seeing some mixed review I decided to give it a try and report my experience at this place. I am here as j write this review. First I cannot comment on what this place was 6 to 8 months ago I can only report my experience as of today. This is is better than other buffet places out there. The food is pretty good and well with the money. I tried a variety of things and they were all good to me. The service was good the server refreshed my drink immediately and the place was clear and the decor was new and warm. For a meal under 13 bucks I will definitely repeat. To sum it up this place is good Buffett food for a low price. That's my review. Enjoy!
1	The food was cold, old, and dry :ptheir grapes tasted like fish, they are over priced for their low quality food. Most of the food had no flavor in addition to everything else. Customer service was poor at best!Will NOT return or recommend this place!
5	We're rating a Chinese buffet, right? One star to me would equal insects crawling around, poor selection, and bad service. This place is clean all around, one of the bigger selections in the area, and the people working here are friendly and attentive. The food was great for a Chinese buffet. Give it a shot. If you want fancy Chinese, then don't go to a buffet....
1	Took family to dinner at Lin's Seafood buffet and i am 100% agree with all the bad comments.This is the worst place i have ever eaten before. Most of the foods are old and poor selections. This place also expensive to eat at $14.99 per person. I got sick when i got home. Don't go eat at this place and save your money..
5	Excellent. We just went for the first time last week and found this place to be one of the best around. We do not understand the negative reviews. We found this place to be clean with very tasty food. It is not the cheapest, but the best asian food we have seen in awhile. If there were any problems they seem to be gone now. We liked it so much we are going back this week.
2	It was nicely decorated and clean.  They do have many things to pick from but most of the food was dry.  The wonton soup was never refill the entire time we were there.  The sweets were very sad.
3	I live close by and my wife & I visit here often. This has got to be one of the best buffets we have ever been to. We have always gone for lunch, so I can not comment on their dinner.
5	This Is by far the best Chinese buffet I've been to. It had lots of delicious food, and many options to choose from. It was a very clean, and the people were great. This is the place to eat at , if you want good Chinese food.
2	I went here today for lunch and was a little disapointed. I have been here before and the food was pretty good. This time it seemed a little off. I did not care for the fried shrimp as it was cold and greasy. The sushi was tasteless, as were a few other items. So I filled up on white rice & egg foo young. I probably will go somewhere else next time.
4	This buffet has since changed its name from Lin's to New York Seafood Buffet. Same owner, new chef, and I think better food. I'm glad I did not read any of the reviews before coming here because otherwise I think I would have missed a wonderful dining experience. As you know, most Chinese buffet places are not that clean and I was surprised by how clean, well decorated, spacious the restaurant was. Everything just felt clean. This in itself should deserve 5 stars!!!The choices were abundant. Most of the food was fresh. We came on the tail end of the lunch crowd so some of the items like the egg custard tart and Seasame balls were a bit dried from being under the heat lamp for too long. And some of the food like the miso soup and beef & broccoli were a bit flavorless. On the positive side, the sushi was plentiful and fresh, with not too much rice underneath. And they did have chicken feet and braised pig's feet. Overall, enjoyable and deserving of my 4 star rating!!!
1	This is now called NY seafood buffet This was worst food the boy that was behind the grill sitting on the floor on cell phone then he stood up took my plate continue to text the whole time cooking playing with his ear. Something leaking in front of the grill the grill was dirty. Cold food at the buffet tasted awful. Expensive just plain dirty!The Dr Pepper was good waiter was nice
