5	Dryer Vent Doctor is a great service to keep your dryer runnin great. We've used Dryer Vent Doctor for a few years now and I'm always amazed and just how much junk he pulls from the dryer vent. Paul from Dryer Vent Doctor prevented a major house fire at my parents house when he cleaned out their vents. This is a service that no one thinks about but could really make a difference in preventing a fire in your home! I highly recommend it!
5	We have used the Dryer Vent Doctor for 4+ years now. Not only does Paul provide excellent customer service every year, but I have peace of mind knowing that our dryer's vent is all cleaned out and we are not at risk for a possible dryer fire. I have recommend The Dryer Vent Doctor to many friends and neighbors and I encourage everyone to have this service every year....it's worth it - our dryer is much more efficient because of it!
5	We purchased a foreclosure home and have a lot of 'to do lists', one of them solved by Dryer Vent Doctor! We had a great washer/dryer set, but seemed upon installing them in this home the dryer would take two cycles (or more) to dry, That was unusual as it had always worked before and was of great quality. The dryer vent goes straight up and vents to the roof. Dyer Vent Doctor came by, cleaned the vent and now the dryer performs in less than one cycle, sometimes 20 minutes. Highly recommend this inexpensive and cost saving service!
5	Paul arrived at the appointed time, to the minute. He was very friendly, professional, and kind to my very friendly, very playful dog. We bought a foreclosure house that had been redone. The dryer took at least two cycles to almost dry a load of clothes, which wasn't the case at our previous residence. In approximately 15 minutes, Paul had the vent cleaned, and all is perfect. He also made sure to make me aware of his pricing before coming over. Absolutely recommend!
5	Paul arrived right on time, and cleaned out my dryer vent in only 30 minutes.  He also cut down the silver vent tubing at the back of the dryer, which was too long.  The price for the service was $50.00 cheaper than other competitors; he was able to come out the next day; and I was able to use my credit card (some companies want a check or cash only).  I am very happy to have this done and to be able to use my dryer again.  (The clogged vent cause my dryer to blow out the heating element and shut off due to overheating).  I will definitely use Paul when I need the vent cleaned out again.
5	Paul was so friendly, honest and responsive. I fell into the 1% that didn't need to be cleaned because of the way the setup was done (very short hose, etc.). Paul told me this, showed me what I should do to make sure things stay running smoothly and went on his way with no payment. He was honest and genuinely cares about helping people avoid the #1 cause of house fires. I would not hesitate to recommend Paul!
