5	Great shakes and burgers.  The sandwiches are pretty good as well.  Well done chain, reminiscent of the diners I grew up with back east.
5	Best milkshakes ever! 5 & Diner has a fun 50's vibe with great all American food. Everything I have had there has been good, but I'm especially addicted to their club sandwich and of course chocolate shakes. A fun blast from the past experience with tasty food and a fun staff.
4	California burger with fries and a vanilla malt.  This is one of my ideal hangover meals.  It's not a healthy place and service isn't completely outstanding, but it's a fun little diner for what it's worth.  I seriously LOVE their burgers even though they're way too big and I always eat too much and feel sick afterward.  It's awesome to sit and eat outside as well.
5	Simple and good old American fare....... I have been to this place many times and was satisifed with every meal.  Burgers are great!  Try the southwestern, the mushroom burger is awesome - you can actually taste mushrooms.Great place to take your kids.  They get a hat to decorate.  Sometimes there is a balloon guy there to enterain the kids (for a small tip).  Hulu hoops in the front, if you dare.  Note: Monday and Tuesday kids eat free.  Decor is old school.  Black and white tiled laminate flooring, shiny chrome accents gives you a feeling you are entering a rail car.  Enjoy....
3	Great milkshakes. Rest of the stuff is uhh just ok. Nothing to write home about. Stay away from the caesar salad. It looked & tasted like barf. Nobody from my family jumped at sharing it with me :) Personally, I would not go there again.
4	We hit this place very time we are in Phoenix and have always been very satisfied with both the food and the service. Of course, the main draw is the the awesome atmosphere. The kids love putting quarters in the jukebox stations at the tables and waiting for their 50's tune. Great outdoor seating section for those warm AZ mornings.One star less than perfect because the closest thing you can get to fresh fruit for breakfast is thawed strawberries on a waffle.
4	This is a good place to go for breakfast or lunch.  I don't recommend their dinner entrees.  I think their pricing is high, but comparable to Coco's or IHop (around the corner).  Overall, very fast service, and hot food.  My favorite is their BBQ Burger.   They have good chili too.  Breakfast is the best -- especially their french toast.  The only negative is the lack of large group seating.  This location has booths, so they cannot put tables together (Camelback and Scottsdale can).  Also, they tend to seat people rather oddly which can leave a large group waiting for a long time.
3	I have been going to this place for years. From 16th street to Tatum to 27th avenue. One thing that they all all do the same is the "Parisian" omelette. Tasty and fast.
3	We live close by and pass this place frequently but had never stopped in.  Because my husband likes to have shakes at places that give you the extra in the mixing container we stopped in tonight.  50's decor through out and this location is all booths and the counter for seating.  I ordered the all you can eat fish fry and when I asked the server what type of fish she did not know, my husband got the grilled chicken sandwich  he enjoyed his sandwich and we both got the strawberry milkshakes. We wanted our shakes with our meal and the server obliged us however when our food came out she told us our shakes were done but that they were out of clean glasses so they would be delayed and of course when we got them they were basically just strawberry flavored milk; not cool at all. My fish was very good, homemade not out of the freezer pre-made. But the thought that I may want to take advantage of my all you can eat fish fry was met with oh we are out of fish; only later for her to bring out three small pieces WTH.  I don't think we will be back here unless we are feenin' for some fabulous fifties decor; not sure our meal was worth $38 including the tip. Oh they still have to balloon guy too; he is really talented.
3	Dido to my wife's review of this establishment (Shakira E. by the way) the 50's decor was very cool.....and the service was not bad although it did take a minute for our server to arrive. The grilled chicken sandwich I had was very good and the coleslaw was very fresh....but the Milkshakes were very disappointing. I think if I have another I will have the malt added for the additional 59cents....that may help. The gentleman there making balloon figures was very talented. I don't think we will be visiting this establishment again anytime soon....but continue to Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!
5	went for dinner on a sat night, was not very busy - seated right away.Server was very nice and on the ball, we enjoyed the food and the customer service! Will visit again!
4	My children LOVED this place, and so did I.  The waiters/waitresses were so much fun, and the food was great.  This is being written in past tense because we no longer live in AZ, but it was always one of our favorite dinner-time haunts.  Their shakes were FABULOUS, and their burgers were equally as good.  I wish we had a place like that out here.
4	The hamburgers are delicious the service was great the malts are the best
4	This is where we go INSTEAD OF CHOMPIE'S when my girlfriend wants breakfast. On our most recent visit, she wanted something that wasn't really on the menu in that combination. The server figured out a way to bring it out at a fair price. The food was just right and the server was perfect.
1	I usually don't like to complain but this was one of the worst dining experiences I've ever been a part of.Granted, it was midnight and clearly the people working there got the short end of the stick when it came to their shifts but nonetheless, that's not an excuse.-Got there at 12:05, didn't receive our food until after 12:50.-Didn't bring all of the food out (clearly forgetting to place the order in the first place)-Overcharged us on the bill-Rarely checked if we needed anything (water, anything else, etc.)I wish I could say all of this wasn't on one dining experience, but I'd be lying. I like to keep things positive but I had to write a review.Eat here if you're desperate :)
3	Always good! No complaints!
5	This is our regular breakfast spot, food and service are good and consistent.We usually get coupons in the mail.They get 5 starts for their crispy bacon, it is awesome.One of my favorites is the chicken fried steak for breakfast, and the King Kong for dinner. They have good sandwiches too.
5	We spent 10 days in Phoenix and ate out at tons of different restaurants with our 2 little kids.  I only wish that we had found the 5 & Diner on day one!  We had breaksfast here on our last morning.  Price and quality were fantastic, especially the kids' menu.  Portions were healthy, but not overwhelming...just right.  Loved it.  Service was great.  Friendly and accommodating.
3	5&Diner has always been a nice to place to eat.  This morning I had the Southwest Eggs Benadict, the idea of chorizzo, salsa was interesting.  While the meal was different, I was not a fan of this take on the Eggs Benadict.  I won't be having it anytime soon, I'll stick to "old fashion" dish.  So while I won't recommend this meal, I do recommend the 5&Diner Overall.
3	Have always enjoyed coming here. Would recommend for breakfast, lunch or dinner. Burgers are good. Omeletts are great! Price is always reasonable and the kids have fun.
4	So this place is a diner and you get what you would expect,  burgers,  chicken fried steak,  breakfast all day, and of course shakes.  Can't complain if that's what you're looking for.  It's a great place for families with kids.
4	Always a good experience here, food, price, atmosphere..
1	Totally starving this morning.  Had to go to the store but it was closed.  Went to 5 and Diner at Tatum and Cactus area.  We were taken to our table and it took 11 minutes to have any one come to greet us.  Slow service.  Then a waitress stopped by - took our order.  The food came out quick.  Had the 2 eggs with bacon and biscuits and gravy.I hate it when your eggs come out and they are crunchy....CAN'T ANYONE SEE THAT THEY WERE COOKED TOO FAST AND THEY ARE CRUNCHY..  QUALITY PEOPLE....  QUALITY!!!!!  yuk!!!  Picked around the crunchy parts. Bacon was good.  Biscuits were ok...  lightly dusted with gravy.  semi warm.Not a fan of this place.
4	Carlos is the man.  He's worked here for seventeen years and he will make sure you have a good experience.  5 and Diner is a great choice for families.  The fifties themed decor is fun for all.  Just wish the juke box system worked. On my most recent visit I had to try to explain the concept of a hula hoop to a three year old.  Since a demonstration was out of the question, I'm afraid this little one will have to wait for later clarification.  She did enjoy coloring the paper hat the restaurant provided, however, and her folks enjoyed the $2.75 price tag on the generous junior pancake breakfast.  The menu also features a separate section for seniors.  While technically you have to be fifty-five to order from this section of the menu, in my experience servers will allow anyone who would prefer these smaller portions and prices to order them.  A note about prices.  While the kids menu prices are very reasonable, select off menu junior beverages are a bit pricey (juice $1.79) and can drive up your total cost.  There is also a loyalty card that will help stretch the dollar of frequent diners.The Southwest Omelet was perfect on our recent visit and definitely worth a taste.  The pancakes were uniform and served hot. In all honesty, however, it's the decor and the friendly staff that earns the restaurant four stars in this review. Menu offerings are solid, with a few amusing names scattered throughout, but are for the most part predictable and basic.  But come to think about it, isn't that what you want from a fifties diner?Even though 5 and Diner is not a "genuine" fifties diner, instead an Arizona based chain's recreation of the era, it seems genuine enough.  I've noticed that several locations have closed in recent years, but the PV location seems to be unaffected and thriving.
4	Good little spot for breakfast. I'm pretty limited for what I can eat for breakfast right now because I can't eat eggs or wheat. They had some great options and basically let me custom order exactly what I wanted. It came out just like I ordered and the service was great. Only thing they could improve on is the quality of their coffee.
3	We enjoyed our visit to 5 & Diner and luckily didn't experience any of the long waits or messed up orders that some other reviewers experienced. When we walked in we were seated right away and decided on the bar stools since they looked fun and we enjoy watching the kitchen at work.  Our waitress (Annie I believe?) was extremely nice and efficient.  She checked on us regularly and refilled our drinks quickly.  I had the pancakes which were just okay - they weren't bad, but not as good as other places around town.  He had the corn beef hash meal with eggs and it was tasty.  Take a walk around the place and check out all the fun decor - wish the individual jukeboxes still worked and not just the big one in the middle of the restaurant.  Overall: BNot a bad breakfast stop off.
4	This is the go-to-place for simple, just plain ole' good breakfasts.  The service is always excellent, the portions are more than generous and the decor is fun!.  I've never been disappointed in eating breakfast here!
2	We walked out.  There was no reason for the poor service we got this evening.  As there were very few people there, lots of open seats were available.  We were seated by the bus boy as soon as we got there.  Then we waited.  When everyone else is already eating 2 minutes is to long to make a table wait.  We left.  My wife spoke out about how this was her 2nd horrible experiace at this location in as many weeks.  Tonight she was feed b.s., l's and e's about how there was a credit card issue.  To us it looked as if our server was just goofing off not really caring if he waited on anyone or not.Good luck with dinner service here, We've never had this experiace during breakfast, so it'll stay a breakfast place, maybe lunch, but no more dinners.
5	$5 breakfast special before 11am! Sweet!!!!
3	Everyone tells me I should have had one of their burgers. But it was morning and breakfast seemed like the way to go. Silly me. Breakfast was ok. Nothing to write home about, but it was ok. Hotcakes were kind of chewy (yeah, I'm not sure they should be chewy). My Mom used to say that pancakes should be light and fluffy. My eggs (over easy) were perfect. White all cooked, but yolks still runny. Sausage patties were a little dull. I should have gone with the recommended links. Lesson learned. Would I go back again? Yep, but I'd have a burger next time . . . even for breakfast.Service was very good. Thank you. Standing outside in the parking lot after wards saying goodbye to my dining companion, we noticed that one of their three (3) American flags was hanging upside down. Did that mean they were in distress? A little bit in distress? Two were right side up. Or did someone just put it up wrong and not notice? Or perhaps it was a signal for breakfast and now that it was almost lunch the distress was over. Before my companion could go in and let them know, an employee came out and reversed the distress signal. Whew! Burger anyone?
2	5 and diner is not what it use to be. There place is becoming run down and getting dirtier an dirtier. The shakes use to be amazing but I'm guessing they changed ice creams or put more milk in to save costs because they are not what they use to be.
4	Went here the other Monday before Little C's TLG monday class.  Place was pretty empty, but that was alright.  Mondays kids eat for only $.99 which was a nice surprise.  J ordered the Francheeze, which he enjoyed.  That is until he got about 3/4 of the way through and noticed the bacon was not 100% cooked.  He didnt eat anymore after that. I ordered the club on sourdough.  Cant really mess up a club.  Bacon was fully cooked.  Turkey was nice and cold.  Lettuce was crisp.  I ended up sharing a section of my club with J.  He said, "MAN, I should have ordered the club!"We ordered Little C a grilled cheese.  Cant really mess up a grilled cheese.  Service was fast and friendly.  The waitress even offered to fill up our Bobble water container, which was nice of her.  I'm pretty sure we'll be back.
1	The worst service I have ever had and we were the only people in there! Chicken was burnt and had to scream at the waitress to ask her to fix it!!!! Could not pay me to go back!!!!
2	I used to go to 5 & Diner a lot but moved out of state a few years ago. Visiting and tried it out again but its not the same. It used to be pretty good- good burgers, shakes, etc. Its just not the same. The quality went down and the prices went up. I was disappointed with the food. Chicken sandwich was dry, fries were old and my Dr Pepper was flat for some reason.  It felt like a restraunt on its way out.  I was with two others and they were also very disappointed.
5	50s style diner, great food. I always get their chicken and waffles, perfect PMS dish, my mouth always starts watering when I think of it. so freakin good! Their chicken fried steak and gravy is really good too. Can't wait to go back, I'm already getting cravings.
2	Hmmmm.. Nothings changed. Without milkshakes this place is no good. Too pricey for a diner. Thought the Turkey burger may be a good choice & it shows up with no cheese :( By the time I got that fixed, everyone else at the table was almost done eating.
4	Pretty good out of town family always seems to like coming here. They have really good chorizo and good service for a diner. Food is typical diner type of fare kind. One Hispanic waitress is really good.
