4	"Go ahead. Drink. Drink. No, you're out of the family business, that's your punishment. You're finished. I'm putting you on a plane to Vegas."-- Michael Corleone to Carlo Rizzi in The GodfatherIn the movie, Carlo is garroted on the way to the airport, but if he had made it to Vegas and aged thirty-some years, I swear he would be a dead ringer for Tony, the driver for Enterprise that drove us to and from our hotel. But I'm getting ahead of myself...To allow our wives to fully exploit shopping opportunities in Vegas, my friend and I (both of us are engineers) needed to get away. We decided to take a day trip to Hoover Dam. After consulting with our excellent concierge, it became evident that to maximize flexibility and minimize cost, the best tactic was to rent a car and drive there rather than purchase a package that included bus transportation.Our concierge worked her magic. A few mouse clicks and telephone calls later, she had us dialed into a $37 day rate for a mid-size car at Enterprise. We were given a phone number and told that Tony would pick us up the following morning at 10:00. I met my friend in the lobby at dawn and we slogged out a four mile run up and down the strip (it's hard to find the discipline to do this when you were out past midnight the night before having a $4.99 ribeye and egg special in the Victorian Room at Bill's trying to soak up all the bar drinks you'd had earlier). Freshly showered and feeling accomplished after the run, we met in the lobby again shortly before 10:00. Tony arrived right on schedule and strode into the lobby sporting craggy features, a perfectly coiffed pompadour, a gym-enhanced upper body, and a waistline that was starting to get away from him. When he opened his mouth to speak, we heard a vintage South Side Chicago accent. My friend and I looked at each other, smiled and came to the same conclusion: retired Mafia henchman.During the short drive to the Enterprise office near the airport, Tony gave us detailed directions and tips to more things than we could ever absorb even if we were familiar with Las Vegas and had a map in our hands. He was a friendly font of information. The lot at the office was small and had very few rental cars parked on it. They must bring them over from the big airport facility on Gilespie. While my friend signed all the obligatory paperwork for us to rent the car, Tony showed me an alternate way to drive back from Hoover Dam that's a bit more leisurely and scenic.The drive to Hoover Dam takes a bit over a half hour. Our clean and functional Ford Fusion performed just fine. On the way back, we took Tony's advice and turned off of Hwy 93 onto Lakeshore Drive, paid $5 to enter the Lake Mead National Recreation Area and drove along the lake. Descending through the foothills near Lake Las Vegas, you get a panoramic view of the whole basin below you and realize what a crazy place Vegas really is. A carpet of suburbia sprawls toward you from its epicenter amidst the tall landmarks on the Strip. This wouldn't be so striking if it weren't in one of the most inhospitable places on the continent--the Mojave desert. It's a bit surreal to see.We topped off the gas tank, turned the car in quickly and encountered no issues. Tony, in his gruffly jovial way, drove us back to our hotel. He told us he'd been in Vegas for five years and had come here from Chicago. Yep--retired Mafia henchman.Without Tony, this Enterprise location runs a decent three-star business. Tony gives it four-star flavor.
1	I thought this place would be a good experience since they called me the day before to see what time I wanted to be picked up. Then, I got there. It was terrible. First of all, when you do call they put you on hold forever and never pick up again. Then, when you get there they are very rushed and rude. On top of that, for the 45 minutes I was there (way too long) they had the wrong cars for 5 other renters. And none of the cars were cleaned. Who wants to drive a dirty rental car?
5	We were very happy with our recent experience with Enterprise Exotics. They have a very small selection of Exotics but all the cars we checked out were very new and clean, and the people whom we dealt with couldn't be more pleasant!They also have free pickup and drop-off services available which is a big plus.
5	We had a very delightful experience with Enterprise Exotics! The staff was super friendly and accommodating from start to finish. I highly recommend checking this place out!
4	This is my second time renting a car from this location.  Both experiences were great. Ashley was very professional and a pleasure to deal with.
5	While in Vegas I decided to spend my last day at Red Rock Canyon and in order to do so I had to rent a car. After going to the little Hertz kiosk at my hotel and being told very rudely that they have no cars available I looked up Enterprise on gave them a call. I spoke with someone names Whitney and she was very sweet and helpful. She took my reservation over the phone and they even delivered my car to me at Caesar's Palace which made this much easier. I had a flight to catch later on so I was not going to be using the car for the full day. There was some slight confusion about where the car would be dropped off. I was told to wait in the main valet area which is on Las Vegas Blvd. The car ended up at the valet in the VIP entrance which on Flamingo Ave. So after a little confusion with that and some calling back and forth that got settled and we met up. She handed the car off to me and off I went. Because of the mix up she have me a huge discount on the amount they would charge for gas to refuel the car so I wouldn't have to worry about putting gas in it when I returned the car. I thought that was nice to make it right. It was a very nice car and the car was in great condition. When I finished with the car and brought it to Enterprise the manager Doug went ahead and took care of the gas costs completely since I didn't use the car for the full day. I thought that was very nice of him because in reality he did not have to do that since the discounted amount sufficed for me. I still had my suitcase checked in at Caesars so they had their shuttle take me back there and the driver of that shuttle, I wish I could remember his name, was so funny and nice. He made the trip back to the hotel entertaining to say the least. Despite the little fiasco with the car delivery it was still a pretty painless process. The fact that they made it right was also very nice. If I need car rental services again in Vegas this will be the location I go to to make it happen.
1	Not much to say except ridiculous. They have no clue how to run a business. I don't review places often, and usually when I do it's because they've given such great service. But I do feel the need to warn everyone about this place. I did an exhaustive search for a place to rent an amazing car. This place was probably the cheapest and since it's run by enterprise, I figured it was a professionally run business. My first inkling that something was wrong was when they did not have a way to place the reservation online. Fine, I thought, maybe they just don't want to give pricing online. Some places do that. I called the number and got a voicemail. Bad sign. Enterprise doesn't at least have customer service representatives to answer your call? Weird. Eventually someone called me back and gave me some pricing. I e-mailed him with my request (Jaguar XJ). When I asked via e-mail for a confirmation, they said they don't have them, but suggested I use one that he generated (So..you do use them?!?) Again, weird. He told me (via e-mail) that they can pick me up from my hotel and bring me there, or they can deliver the car to my hotel. I opted for the latter since that was more convenient. When I arrived in vegas, I called and he said he was the only one working there and couldn't drop off the car or pick me up. So I had my hotel take me there. When I got there, the car was not ready (or cleaned) and there was NO ONE IN THE OFFICE. Finally, after 20 minutes or so, I was ready to go. One problem, the car was NOT AS DESCRIBED. On the website (you can go right now and check it out) it clearly lists the horsepower and the engine for the 5.0L supercharged version. But the car they have is the 3.0. That is blatant false advertising. Fine, I took the car and was on my way. When it was time to return, I called and asked them to pick up the car at the hotel. Again, he said he was the only one working and he couldn't come get me but if I returned the car now, he could drive me right back to the hotel. Annoying. It got even worse as when I got there NO ONE WAS THERE. After 5 minutes, the manager came back and said he's sorry but he can't take me back to the hotel but I could take the next shuttle in 15-20 minutes.Bottom line is this place is horribly run. It seems that one individual is literally running the whole place including driving and picking people up. He conducts most of his business via bluetooth on his cell since he is always running around. Problem is he can not accommodate most people because he has NO HELP at all. Do your self a favor and pay a little more to rent from a real exotic car rental location. The convenience of dealing with a real company is worth the extra 25 bucks. Trust me.
1	My sister rented a car to drive us to Vegas.  On Sunday, I offered to drive home. She said we just had to stop in to an Enterprise first and have me show my ID to authorize me as a covered driver. We stopped by this one, only to discover it had just closed. There were several people inside who, after I got their attention, turned away and ignored me until I left. Fine, it's past your business hours. I don't expect you to jump to see if you can rent me a car. But at least open or even approach the door and be decent enough to see if what I need might be simple, quick, and do-able.  Maybe i'd been in earlier and left my phone, or just needed directions. If they would've just taken a second to talk to me through the door to give me the number of the nearest open branch, I would've been happy. They couldn't even be bothered with acknowledging me. They, of course, had no obligation to do so, but any decent person would've. So, thanks for nothing, McCarran Enterprise.
5	We missed our flight out of Vegas and were told we could not get another for 2 days, went to this enterprise and they went out of their way to make sure we got a rental back to California and that the expense was not more than we had!!  I would recommend them to anyone who is in a need for a rental car!! I wish I had gotten their names as they were awesome and I would really love to give a personal shout out as they were both very helpful guys!!
5	What a surprise.  First time renting with Enterprise and we were very impressed with every step in the process.  We were picked up at our hotel as pre-arranged at 9:30 by the Enterprise driver, Tony, from Chicago.  He was so pleasant with lots of tips on what to see and do, a great ambassador for Enterprise.  We were driving our car within 10 minutes of being dropped off and were pleased to see it was a nice clean car.  We really liked their policy of walking around the vehicle with us to review the marks on the car.  They use a card and if the scratches etc are within the circle on this card their policy is these marks don't qualify as damage .  It was reasurring to have the employee do this ahead of time and know what is considered wear and tear and what is a problem.   Our usual experience with other rent a car companies is that the onis is on us to point out all the marks to them that aren't listed on the contract.  We drove the car to San Diego and dropped it off at the airport.  Again, pleasantly surprised with our experience.  The staff were quick, reviewing the car as soon as we pulled in.  They were as professional in San Diego as in Las Vegas.  The shuttle to the airport was fast with another friendly helpful driver.  The invoice was in our email inbox within 12 hours and it was to the penny as quoted on the reservation.  Bonus that this was $150.00 to $200.00 cheaper for a 13 day rental than the Hertz or Avis quotes.   We will not hesitate to rent from Enterprise again, their pickup service allows us to rent from a location other than the airport thus avoiding expensive taxes levied on vehicles picked up at airports.  This coupled with such professionalism makes for a very positive experience, something that is not a given when dealing with rent a car companies.
5	This place was incredible! From the first moment of contact they bent over backwards to give us the whole royal treatment. We were treated like a Dukes and dutches! everyone was so patient, kind, knowledgeable and pleasant. They all dress very professional and make you feel very valued as A customer. Our car was impeccable and maintained in very good condition. Next time we go to Vegas we will definitely be using them as our Rent-A-Car preference!
5	I rented this car as a Enterprise Plus member, using some points on vacation.  Other then it being a busy day causing a delay in the driver picking me up from my hotel, the rest of the service was spectacular.  They had the car ready to go, cleaned up and everything; the staff at this office was friendly and fast to work with, and they took care of all the details.  I would highly recommend anyone to rent from this location.
