5	Recently joined Crossfit New You. The owners are very helpful. The head trainer is very knowledgeable in all areas of Crossfit. The classes are challenging, but fun. The fundamentals are taught and personal safety is always stressed. Highly recommend Crossfit New You.
5	Best workouts ever!This is a great gym.  They have equipment here i have never seen at any other gym. The vibe here is great, everybody is really friendly and ready to help.  The other crossfiters here are also all really friendly.  The head trainer Jeremy is the most knowledgeable trainer i have ever met.  I've been working out for a long time, currently doing weightlifting, crossfit and MMA (Muay Thai, Boxing, and  brazilian jiu jitsu). Not only do i get an amazing workout here, after class if he does not have another class he will help me with my weightlifting and MMA. The workouts here is tough, but it is also the most rewarding workouts i have ever had.  After every workout i feel like i just climbed Mount Everest.  The euphoria after doing one of Jeremy's workouts is like nothing else. Try this gym out, you wont regret it!!
5	I love this gym!I have been to a few other CrossFit gyms and this is my favorite.  The head coach, Jeremy, is extremely knowledgeable and supportive.  He puts a huge emphasis on proper form and makes sure you have the movements down before allowing you to increase weight.  His workouts are tough but he is a master and scaling them so they are challenging yet achievable for any fitness level.  He is incredibly supportive and encouraging and truly cares about each athlete's progress.  I am definitely in the best shape of my life!The location is awesome - right across from the Orleans casino.  My favorite warm up is a run around the block, with an awesome view of the Las Vegas strip.  The members are super nice and welcoming.  It seems like a true community of friends.  They have really created a place where people want to hang out with a big TV for watching games, a ping pong table, and lots of places to chill before or after a workout.
5	I was a member at 24 Hour Fitness and used to do all the boot camps but needed something different.  I went to Crossfit New You in December and immediately got hooked on the workouts and the expertise of the coaches. I had heard stories of improper form causing injuries, but the coaches closely watch and correct any type of bad form.  I wished I would have started Crossfit years ago.  The class participation varies from 1 to around 18.  There are many different levels of fitness and the coaches adjust everyone accordingly.  Everyone is so motivating and all egos are left at the door.I can't say enough about this Crossfit gym.  If you're on the bubble, come in and try a class.  They'll let you try it without charge.  It doesn't matter how old you are either.  I am almost 50 and there is another participant who is 63.   You're never too old and my strength gains have dramatically increased.
5	Amazing gym with great coaches.  I've belonged to two other crossfit gyms and this one is my favorite.  The coaches are extremely knowledgable and helpful.  After class, Rob is always willing to help me with technique or learning new moves.  Everyone is extremely friendly and encouraging.  I highly reccommend coming in and checking this place out.  If the above mentioned things dont inspire you to come, drop in and visit the two owner's dogs.  They hang out everyday and are super friendly too!
5	I've been to this gym twice, both of them for the Festivus Games competition. The judges (volunteers from the gym) and the gym owners are friendly and helpful. Gym is clean and the competition well run.Equipment are well kept and are in good working order.There's enough space to workout safely and efficiently.Fantastic work guys!
5	This was only my third time taking a Crossfit class but I love working out so when a girlfriend invited me, of course, I said yes.  When you enter it's a lounge area with couches, large TV and ping pong table.  Being the dog lover that I am I think it's cool that James, the owner, has his two dogs there.  Who wouldn't want to hang out with dogs pre class!  James went over what to expect and when it was time for our class he took us through to the workout area to meet Danny, the instructor.  We did a modified warm up while the regulars did the regular warm up  and Danny explained the WOD we would be doing and making sure we had correct form and understood the exercises.  This was a smaller class since it was a Friday evening so perfect for us newbies.  What really stood out to me about Danny is how great he was at directing my girlfriend and I through the class while still encouraging and coaching everyone else that was present.  And it's not just Danny, everyone was encouraging throughout which is one of my favorite thing about group classes is the camaraderie.  If you are thinking of trying Crossfit check this gym out.  Staff, members and facility is as good as it gets!
