5	Let me start off by saying that I didn't even want to meet with Bonnie.  My husband lined me up with her because it would help him with his network connections, and as a sidenote, it might also be good for my business relationships.  One obligatory meeting later, I was setting up my next time to meet with Bonnie and get further into things, because she resonated with me.  I have never done personal work like this before.  I have had bumps along the road before and sought out professional help to no avail.  The same problems were still there.  Bonnie's approach is unique and loving and forgiving and will teach you that all of the answers you ever wanted or needed are within.  This is a journey, but one worth taking.  Whatever it is in life that you feel that you are not getting or are having problems with, this can truly help you.    I have now been working with Bonnie for a couple of months now and I can honestly say that I have found new joy.  Joy that was always there, but I needed help uncovering it.  Open your mind and take your first step...
5	I have worked with Bonnie and would recommend her to anyone! Before I had met her, I did not know why I was limiting myself and not finding success in my business. While working with Bonnie I realized where my focus had been and how I could improve. Since working with her my business has taken off and I am so grateful for all of her help.
5	Bonnie Moehle is one of the most special women I have ever had the pleasure to know. I originally contacted her to be a better public speaker, because I could barely stand and talk in front of a group; I just stood there shaking and felt sick the rest of the day following even a brief 10 second group introduction. Bonnie didn't know if she could help me after my initial session, but I told her nothing else has helped so let's try your methods. I have tears as I write this because Bonnie has helped me in ways I never could have imagined, with both my business and personal relationships. I am not a religious person, but my transformation is truly miraculous and now we are very close friends which means more than I can express in writing. To be very clear, Bonnie didn't correct or fix anything with me - she gave me the tools to understand and correct life issues for myself...and she will do the same for anyone that seeks her wisdom. It only took a few months for Bonnie to help me solve my public speaking problems, so now we are tackling and solving many other life situations. Bonnie's friendship and love are a special gift - and for that I am truly grateful!
5	Bonnie is a truly amazing person and the best life coach I've ever had the privilege of working with. She has helped me for well over a year and the transformation of my relationships- both personally and professionally- have soared to new heights. She gives tools which can be implemented immediately and results begin after the first session. From there forward things only get better. After personal challenges of becoming a caregiver for my parents, transitioning to a new job (and relationship) the struggles I was going through were overwhelming. Bonnie helped me get grounded through her techniques and teachings. My entire perspective and outlook on life's "growth opportunities" changed and I now have peace within. She has helped me so much and I highly recommend Bonnie to everyone!
5	Bonnie Moehle taught me how to get out of my own way and has helped me with "rewiring my mental hard drive" so I could get further faster and enjoy life more. Before I started working with Bonnie I was getting in the way of furthering my own success and she helped me understand how changing a few simple changes could alter my life. Although I have my own occasional demons and problems like many people do she has made a very positive impact on my life and I am in a much better spot because of her coaching. If you want to change anything in your life whether it is making more money, loving yourself more, career advancement, or even fighting any fears or demons I feel very confident in telling you Bonnie is an amazing coach and can likely help you as long as you remain open minded to her teachings and are willing to learn!
5	Bonnie Moehle is my Personal Life Coach. I have experienced PTSD and generalized anxiety for decades. With Bonnie's guidance, I can say, "I am a happy individual. It comes from within and has nothing to do with external sources." These are my words and you can quote them. And I want you to trust me, it means more to me, in my business, in my family, to regain the feeling of confidence, self-reliance, and true inner-calm. I might never have achieved without Bonnie's Personal Life Coaching. Surly, it would have taken decades more, relying on psychotherapists. Which is essentially relying on myself. Nobody but BONNIE taught me the TOOLS.The secret is this: I always possessed the happiness and the calm. I forgot how to access it! That is, until Bonnie Moehle became part of my life. It is a scary place to fake happiness in this world. I work too hard all day long, to feel alone and sad. Bonnie is my saving Grace. She is the channel I tune into when I feel like I'm falling away from the happiness in my heart and mind, when i start to loose the calm and start snappin' at friends & co-workers. Contact her this moment and ask, "I want happiness, can you help?"Keep Bonnie in your car at all times with the self-narrated Audio Book, "What Is Happiness & Where Can I Get Some?"It ain't easy being human. But, if you are lucky enough to have the insight to know you need help, Bonnie Moehle is the person to call.
5	I started seeing Bonnie in the late summer of this year. Since then, Bonnie has taught me incredibly important lessons in all facets of my life - professional, relationship, parenting, and most importantly understanding how I communicate with myself mentally and physically in each case. She provides the tools to improve thought processes but the real work starts after the session. Bonnie is both down to earth and incredibly wise. Her program is well organized and every minute is valuable. If something is top of mind for me she is able to switch gears and provide support where it is needed. I know there is so much more to learn and I look forward to continuing on this path of self-improvement. I highly recommend her to anyone looking to live a fuller life.
