3	It's like going to a grill & bar. They do have a bar, and I hear the place is packed on major sporting events aired on TV. They have a great variety of wing sauce flavors, and you can get as few or as many wings as you want. They have both regular wings and boneless wings. The menu also has a great variety of salads, appetizers, desserts, drinks, burgers, wraps, etc. The place is kept pretty clean, and the inside does not reek of cigarette smoke.The service at the bar (during lunchtime) was not good though. When I said I was ready to order, she stepped over to the computer/cash register and looked over her shoulder at me and waited for me to tell her what I wanted. Too lazy to step over closer to the customer to take down the order. Then I handed my credit card over to pay, and she just put it down next to the computer. Then she went to stack some cups, knocked them over on the floor to the other side of the bar. She walked all the way around to clean it up. Went to the back into the kitchen for a while. I got my card back about 20 minutes later. Overall, I would visit again, only to sit at a table.
3	I've been to Buffalo Wild Wings a few times, but not for a while.  The last time, in fact, happened to be on the night of a fight (or some other sporting event I don't keep up with), only to be met at the door with a huge line, finding out that I didn't want to deal with that crowd.This time, we found an almost empty interior, which is nice.  Maybe the recession is finally hitting all these restaurants, because lots of them are empty on the inside, which is nice from a service standpoint.  We had extremely personal service from the waitress, meaning regular refills and checking up to see how things were going.  I can't imagine that on a regular basis.I like this location much better than the one in the university area.  It's more open, which means that noise travels further, but it doesn't have that cave feel.  The one in Kannapolis (Concord?) is similar to this one, but that's way out of the way.Anyway, I'm a fan of wings in general, but I don't always like hot wings, and this is where Buffalo Wild Wings comes in.  They have a ton of flavors, though I don't like all of them.  Some are a bit to much glop for my taste.  Just a touch works well.  Though actually on this go-round I tried their new slider menu, and because they were slow, they fixed up a trio of different sliders - much like when we were at Lebowski's a while back.  Very nice of them.  They don't advertise this option, but if you ask nicely, they will probably do it for you.Then I had some wings later.  All-in-all a good visit.
1	So Ive been to BWW a few times but living in Buffalo has made me completely spoiled when it comes to wings so Ive avoided it as much as possible.After a night of climbing my boyfriend suggested we go there- and I agreed as I figured I would give something else besides wings a chance.I was in the mood for something light- a chicken salad...how hard is that to mess up ? ...well after a ridiculously long wait for a salad - approximately an hour later our server came out to apologize sighting the need to DEFROST some chicken for our salads as the reason for the long wait. Nothing like Microwave Defrosted Chicken to wet the appetite. So we get our salads- I had the Honey BBQ Chicken Salad...The lettuce was the mixed bag kind of ice burg w/the carrots and cabbage...blah- tossed with those cheap-o tiny croutons and chicken that tasted like- well really processed tiny chickeny-cubes. The BBQ Sauce was good but it became a little too much by the time I worked through half of the salad.  I am being completely honest when I say that I have had MUCH better salads at McDonalds. Our service was mediocre at best- and the temperature in the venue itself was way too cold for me. They did have karaoke that night which seemed to have a larger following so it might be cool if you like that.  I will not be going back ( Go to Tavern on Tracks or Township Grill - also heard good things about Lebowski's if you want REAL Buffalo wings : ) ) ...and go pretty much anywhere else and you'll get a better salad!
3	Great place to watch all the NFL games on a Sunday.  I thought we were going to get injured in the craze of the Giants/Eagles game - but it was fun though.They have a variety of flavors, and it's a chain so you can get these wings wherever.  There are even options for the non-wing eaters in the group if you travel in a large pack.Something NEW to their menu is their new "dry rub" wings of which they have four flavors.  I stuck with the tried and true garlic hot and parmesean galric traditional wings, but these will be the next ones I try.Our server was very nice and relaxed.  She let us stay as long as we wanted and we definitely probably overstayed a bit.   Once we saw a new group of people in to watch the 2nd bank of NFL games, we knew it was time to go.Maybe a couple of years ago I would have given 5 stars to BWW.  My last visit this past Sunday was a fun one, but there were some fruit flies flying around our table, don't know if it was just something that got knocked behind the bench, but we spent most of the time there swatting away some flies. It's pretty dim inside too, so I bet it was a blessing that we couldn't see that well.
4	Came here because my daughter loves the Buzztime trivia game. It was a lot of fun to play as a family. Service was good. We were there for Saturday lunch I'm not a big wing person,  but there are lots of choices here. The fried pickles have good crunch from the cornmeal crust.
4	My last visit to BWW was a good one - just wanted to update my last review.  Seems like there has been a "changing of the guard" as there were a lot of trainee servers working the night I visited - A lot of the servers I was used to maybe had moved (by choice or not) so I would say it's a welcome change.We opted for a bar table and still got good service along with a nice tall stella artois.  Wings came out pretty quickly and were tasty.I don't really stray too far in the menu since my usual order involves wings of some sort, but I hear their sandwiches and other options are pretty good if you aren't in the mood for wings.
4	This is a favorite spot for me and my friends. Good service and good food. I wish the bathroom was a littler cleaner, but that's my only complaint.
1	I've been here a couple of times with the guys.  Went tonight with the family.  The quality of all of the food is mediocre at best.  Wings are obviously the specialty - they were fine - however, not outstanding and over-priced.  I believe that I have been on half-priced Tuesday in the past and, at that price... it's about right.  My wife ordered Chicken Tenders and Shrimp - the tenders were about the quality you would get from the frozen food section at the grocery store... the shrimp, about the same.  And, for $13.99 - WAY over priced!  The kids meals small quantities and just okay.  Service was less than okay and the atmosphere was not great either.  Sorry to say... just not a good experience. :(
3	Just moved to Charlotte from MS and this was my first time visit this location...it has a nice football atomsphere, a little less crunk than I expected but the food was not bad and a nice group of Panthers fans.  The waiter came right over and room care of me once I sat down so an A plus for the service.
1	I love BW3. I'm not ashamed to admit it. Sometimes I just want a big beer and some bar food. One night (a Tuesday) the husband and I were both craving it so off we went. We entered and it wasn't too crowded but there seemed to be several larger (10+) parties seated at tables. The hostess attempted to seat us at a table, in the middle of these large parties. I said maybe we would just sit at the bar and she offered up a booth to the side, away from everyone else. So we were seated, and we sat and sat and sat some more. I watched as all the waiters and waitresses flirted, talked and texted and set the timer on my phone after approximately 3 minutes of doing so. After another 5 minutes had passed and no one had approached us, including a manger I saw floating around near the not working servers, we decided it was time to leave. So we got up and walked out. It's a shame b/c I still have a craving for the food but won't return to this location unless I am just planning to sit at the bar and even that is going to take a while.
3	Ok, so we decided to give this place another try on a Saturday afternoon, when I had a mild hangover. I wasn't expecting much based on my last experience but sometimes the hangover belly just wants what it wants and this day it was saying chips with cheese! When we entered we were greeted and I asked to be seated at a booth. The host had to clean it off and did so without attitude which made me happy. Our waitresses was nice, to the point where she was almost too nice, you know the type, but she got the job done and the much needed food to us in a timely manner so that's all I could ask for. All in all, I guess I still have a bad taste in my mouth from the first experience here but after this time I will be happy to go back and give them another try since I'm still a sucker for the food.
2	I have sat on this review for weeks now and got tired of seeing the reminder to finish my review so here goes...It's sad that I have to travel so far to get great wings ( @ Wing King Cafe). I guess I'll have to say this place will do but I don't leave extremely happy. There's just something about this place that irks me and I cannot pinpoint what it is exactly. The atmosphere is kinda crappy. It's a sports bar theme with plasma TVs screaming in every direction which is fine. There's just something "off" about it. Not sure what it is. Maybe it's OCD related on my part? I've got some slight problems there, ya'll...especially when you get a gander at their nasty restrooms!  I swear they seem to have a huge turnover of servers. Every time we've gone, we have somebody who's obviously new at this gig. Good help is hard to find I guess. The menu is confusing, particularly when it comes to listing the wings. You would think the wings would be more prevalent on the menu but I swear it seems like they're trying to sell you more on the sandwiches.  What's this place called again? Buffalo Wild WINGS?Bitching about atmosphere and service aside, let me get to the wings. I enjoy having a selection of flavored wings outside of the normal Buffalo sauce. This place somewhat delivers. Their dry rub wings are great. They got 'em just right but their sauced wings are just okay and it feels like a failure if you like to mix-n-match flavors like myself. Bleu cheese and/or ranch is a must for those suckers. Personally, I think wings should stand on their own flavor-wise than having to rely on dipping them in dressings.  We don't even bother on getting sides or appetizers since we split such a big basket of wings. I'm not a wimp when it comes to getting a substantial order of them like a particular Yelper does. ;)I always leave this place feeling like my money could've been better spent elsewhere. Heck, it's probably worth the extra money in gas to travel to the better place that I mentioned earlier, but who wants to be stuck on I-485 during dinner time? I guess this review is more of a love-letter to Wing King Cafe to open a restaurant closer to my home. Still gotta try DD Peckers to see who is the true "Wing King" in the area.Your wing-loving pal,Walter
3	Huge B Dubs fan for over 10 years but the quality of the places have gone down. It is still a good place to grab beers and watch the game. I wont take that away from them. The wings were actually big but they don't put enough sauce on them at all. Service by Amanda was interesting. She approached our table explaining how she is hung over and went skinny dipping last night. Then ranted about how she is a Buddhist and Namaste this and that.
3	I only go here to watch ufc you will find good ufc fans here. Good beer
3	I've only been here maybe 2-3 times. It's the typical wing joint that's open until 1 - 2 am, has tons of flat screen TVs, and people screaming at the sports that are playing.I wouldn't come here if you want to have a nice dinner and have a lengthy discussion with someone. It's too loud with all the screaming and yelling.I really like their wings though, and their food hasn't been disappointing.
2	Unless you want a bunch of carbs/cheese, do not order the tailgate sampler!  We got takeout, and it was very disappointing.  There was hardly enough spinach artichoke dip to dip 3 chips in.  The poppers were very boring and the cheese dip was too.  The wings were great though.will not order again.  It was over $12.00 and I ONLY got 4 wings.  Never again?
3	I stopped going here years ago because the service was horrible. There was one time, I ordered buffalo wings from a disgruntled waitress then didn't see her for the rest of the night. I had to get up and get my own refill (those wings are spicy). But just recently I had friends in town and had a gift card to this place so I decided to give it another try. We stopped in for lunch on a Saturday. We were greeted by a sleepy/hungover hostess who was rubbing her eyes and seemed very unenthusiastic. ..and I thought "great, this place has not changed." We were sat and greeted by a much more awake and attentive server! She was very friendly and was my experience's saving grace. She was great, the food was great (we had the spinach artichoke chicken flat bread...so good, and shared some medium wings, great flavor) and we got refills without even asking! I think this place really needs to work on SERVICE and some other items on the menu...the wings are great though! I feel like I will always be apprehensive about coming here...but based on this past experience I would consider venturing there again.
1	Do not eat at this location! My friends and I used to go to this place all the time and it was great until they had the remodel. The service became lazy and the food took a turn for the worst. We ordered takeout back in March and we all had food poisoning the next day. We didn't go back for awhile for obvious reasons, but last night we decided to give it another try since it is the closest BWW to us. The results were disappointing. We ordered the chicken nachos, a nacho burger, and a chicken salad. We got nachos without chicken.. or cheese, a soggy burger, and the most disgusting lettuce I have ever seen. It shocks me that an established restaurant would send food out looking like that. I'm sad to say that we will never be eating from here again. Find another BWW and avoid this dump!
4	I don't usually write reviews for chains, but I am for this one because I don't agree with the extremely low reviews. I was here on New Years Eve and they had so many catering orders plus a full house that orders were running 45 min behind. Our server told us immediately but we still stayed. He kept our drinks filled up the whole time we waited even though we just had waters. I love the boneless wings here. I love BWW and this location is a great one. Its a very new location too :)
1	I should have read the reviews before preordering wings before the Super Bowl. Don't waste your time at this place. Those who preordered had to stand in line to pay for wing orders that had been sitting on a counter for a long time. I could see my order for 10 minutes before they would allow me to pay for it. I asked if I could pay at the bar or at the normal take out window. Nope, I was only able to pay at the cash register with 30 people waiting. This did not happen to me last year at a BWW in Houston. I asked to speak to the manager before posting this review. She did not appear so I left. Do not waste your time with these yahoos.
3	Bring hand sanitizer for you and the staff. For years this franchise has, through lack of action, decided warm faucet water in the bathrooms is not a necessary franchise standard. Great bar staff. Food product is fairly consistent and usually prompt.
4	I've been here 4 times in the last 2 months and have always had a good experience.  Food was always warm and good, waitresses are always quick and damn hot.  Not sure why this place is getting so many bad reviews.  Maybe I'm lucky?You lost a star for one of my menus being drenched in some type of cocktail beverage.  Yuck, man.  Clean the menus, please.
2	We all have things in our lives that we gravitate towards when it comes to comfort food depending on your mood and frame of mind at the time ....mine is I love Wings .....all kinds.. all shapes and sizes ..Mmmmmmm......wait ....what was I talking about ....oh yeah wings...but yep I love the Sweet Hot type and Jammin Jalapeno are my absolutely must have's..!! Now with that said ............................Sadly..... Buffalo Wild Wings (at this location) is borderline Good.... it's only getting 2 stars because it takes friggen forever and the value for what you get vs cost is high in my opinion. I know what your thinking how can I make such a crazy statement like this one. Well its because I have spent many, many Car Club meetings most Sundays here and the average time for just 4 to 5 people that are eating something is about 45 minuets.!!..crazy right ..You would think OMG we have 15 or more people in our party ..nope only we average 7 maybe 8 at times but even then our wait times where around 25 minuets at the longest so whats changed ?? I know your probably thinking well its slammed and their backed up right ! Nope on average where there at around 3 to 3:30 pm and the place has always been way less than half full every time at best.( I'm really a glass is half full kinda guy ). so why the long times to get your food I still don't know. Anyway I'm really not trying to slam this place because its supposed to be about the food right ?? On a positive side when we did get the food its always hot and usually correct without a hitch.. So yes its Good just not the wow factor and when you add in the time it takes with the cost vs value ...sorry guys ...2 stars this time ... I'm sure I'll try it again hoping for a better result's next round...again....
1	This location used to be great for UFC events...not anymore!!This used to be my favorite sports bar for UFC and other sports events.  However, the new manager, Will, allows televisions to be "reserved" so that you have to watch what's playing - even when most of the tables are vacant.  There were more televisions than occupied tables, but Will insisted that the televisions were reserved.I cancelled my order and left. If you're interested in watching sporting events, find another sports bar. I did !!
1	Awful service standard bbw food.Came with my lady friend for a late night meal. Took at least 15 mins for a server to come to our table. He forgot to bring us water until I flagged him down. Time between him greeting us and getting us our waters, 30 mins. Manager came up to is to ask how everything was while we were eating but too little too late I'm not one to make a scene. This place is slow and careless but that seems to be the trend at any bww. Don't expect much from this place.
1	I think everyone knows what to expect here for the food, so I'll skip that and add my review to the torrent of other reviews that lament the miserable service at this place. If I could give this place negative stars I would.  The manager doesn't know how many bartenders to schedule on a busy night and consequently they are miserably understaffed on popular sports game nights.  Then to top it off, when the bartender does get a minute away from making drinks for the tables, she instantly jumps to her phone to update facebook or send a few texts to friends rather than check her own customers seated at the bar.  Meanwhile, empty beer glasses are piling up at the bar and everyone is looking thirsty or wondering where their checks are so they can leave.  There is nothing more miserable than sitting for 30 minutes and being ignored by a bartender that is walking right in front of you.Shame on the manager for not having a clue about his staff's lack of attention to customers and not knowing that SO many customers are unhappy.  As for the bartenders...find a new job because it isn't hard to keep people's drinks full and ask them if they need anything else more often than once every half hour instead of updating facebook and sending texts.What's even worse is that for all the TV's that they have, they basically have them tuned to two channels even when those channels only have the same boring sports wonks droning on and on about the NFL that are over and done with.  There's a ton of other sports out there that are going on and GOOD sports bars know this.  BWW doesn't have a clue about being a real sports bar.Go somewhere else, because the service at this place sucks and that a bit unusual for this chain. Corporate needs to step in and do some serious house-cleaning of the staff here.
4	Service was spot on and the Lemon-Pepper dry rub hit the spot. It took a little longer then I thought it should. Our waitress was very attentive and kept the drinks full without issue. Potato skins with bacon, yes please.
