3	This Chili's is always clean but the service can be pretty slow....we had to constantly keep flagging down (trying to) our waiter...  This one waiter after our main waiter already introduced himself came over and said he will be helping the other guy but when we called on him for help he said he'll call the other guy...well then why the hell did you say you're both tag teaming us when clearly you are not????O.K. now to the food: -Fried Onions & Jalepenos: Wasn't sure if I was gonna enjoy the jalepenos but I did- I did eat a few that were too hot but it's a risk you take, I felt bad after eating this as I saw hella oil at the bottom- my heart was clogged even before I really began...-Fried Shrimp,Cole Slaw & Plain Mashed Potatoes: Pretty good, the shrimp were fat & plump- I would order this again...-Barbecue Ribs & Salt and Pepper Mashed Potatoes: The BF liked it- I took a bite- The ribs were soft- ordered extra barbecue sauce...-Chicken Strips,French Fries & Corn on the Cob: The kid loved her chicken strips- she said this is the best chicken strips she's ever had(I would consider her a chicken strip specialist-that's all she orders anywhere!!!) The breading here for the chicken is alot different than at other places and when you bite into a chicken strip it's so juicy and yummy- I liked the corn on the cob as well...MANGO ICED TEA MANGO ICED TEA MANGO ICED TEA!!!!!Mango Iced Tea + extra mango syrup & lemon = Beverage Perfection*They never hesitate to bring me one to take home*
4	Good news: they brought back mozzarella sticks. Bad News: they got rid of the white chocolate molten lava cake. For shame!  I really enjoy going out to Chili's.  I consider it my old faithful as I know what I'm going to get going in.  Most of the time the service is decent, depending on how busy they are.  I have noticed they have a new two server system where two servers look out for your table.  I like this as it seems I don't have to wait long for a refill or if I need anything else.  The chips and salsa are the best I've had and of course they have many fried food options that are delicious.  The desserts are good, but as I mentioned earlier they got rid of the white chocolate molten lava cake which was my favorite.  They replaced it with a peanut butter molten lava cake which is subpar.  All in all Chili's will stay in my rotation for the foreseeable future.
2	Most of the time we get Chile's to go.  We will get hamburgers because if you get the big mouth burger to go it can cost the same some fast food joints or a couple of dollars extra.  We decided to dine in here the other day.  We have been here a couple times.  We put our name on a list and waited.  The girl sat us down.  I don't know but there is something so annoying about Chile's hostesses.  We sat down and must of sat there for a good 15 minutes, which in my book is a little excessive for someone not to swing by and say be with you in a "sec."  We finally had a waitress swing by and ask for drinks, by that time I was already annoyed and my wife did most of the drink ordering.  The restaurant was busy so I just needed to relax, so I tried to.  The girl never came back!  I don't know where she went.  I could of blamed it on her helping other tables, but she wasn't anywhere.  We finally ordered and when the food came it was completely wrong.  Guess what the waitress didn't bring the food, which is OK because I don't think they do that anyway.  The waitress was gone again.  I actually got up from the table to grab a person to ask them to find her.  The guy I asked helped me out and took the food back.  Then another guy came to the table.  This is when I got really mad.  The worst thing a restaurant can do is send the manager to the table in my opinion.  why can't the waitress come by an tell me anything.  He asked if we could describe the waitress.  Then he said the next few words that just make me an angry person.  He said, "the food is on us!"  I hate that, because I don't mind paying for food, I just want service! Well off my soap box now on the service portion.  Don't bother with this Chiles on Eastern, just get it to go and enjoy it in front of the boob tube.  Cheers!
3	I used to find Chilis a really good place to eat but over the years I just don't like it as much.  I am not sure if my taste in food has changed or they have changed their menu.  I went there for dinner tonight.  I got the Chicken Crispers.  I do still like that.  It is greasy and fried but I like it with the honey-mustard as an occasional treat.  The waitress I had there was nice.  She was prompt in taking my order and keeping my tea filled.  As far as a dining experience goes I could not ask for much better service.  I just wish the other things on their menu were better.
5	I love Chili's!  Great food.
4	It's Chili's! came Here for the lunch special with my boy and the GF! The waitress we had was awesome! Even let me take some soup home when I wasn't suppose to!!!
4	I used to love their honey BBQ ribs, until they decided to do away with it and replace it with the inferior "Shiner Bock" BBQ sauce, which doesn't even begin to compare.  So these days I just take it with the original sauce, grin and bear it, even though I still lament the ol' honey BBQ days.  Oh well.  The ribs themselves are good...kind of sparse, so do yourself a favor and order the full rack...the half rack just doesn't cut it.Oh, and their Molten Chocolate Cake is DIVINE.  Definitely worth all the calories, guilt and heartache you'll suffer later.
4	The service here was phenomenal! The teamwork between all the servers was amazing! It was like we had 3 servers that all knew what we had and wanted... great! The food is what stops this place from getting a 5... mediocre. P.S. Coldest Beer I Have Ever Had!!!
1	Dump the new speakers- too much bass and very irratating.
4	Rarely, if ever, disappointed in this Chili's.Good food, fast service, and everything you expect from this well-known chain.  Never too crowded and rarely a wait, ever.I take off one whole star because it is FREEZING in this place and not just one time.  Every time I eat here, I freeze.  I and friends on several occasions have gone to our cars and gotten sweaters and coats.Also, the partner servers are kind of silly.  Just give me one person so that they will actually remember what I asked for.  It makes it a super causal dining experience having multiple waiters.Last night, had a delicious Raspberry Presidente Margarita and they left the shaker with quite a large drink..... all for under $8.  I'm sold by that.
4	For the past month we have made this a after soccer game dinner routine since my daughter's games were at 3:15PM so we are there around 4:30-4:45PM.  The staff are WONDERFUL.  We got great service from the greeter to the Waiters and their helpers and the food was delicious.  We like that it is kid-friendly with a very impressive kids menu but also has the food and drinks for the adults too.  I only gave 4 stars since three of visits were in the evening and I would have given 5 stars but this past Saturday we had an early game and the server at lunch time had no personality what-so-ever.  Luckily they had a balloon guy working the tables and that was perfect to entertain our daughter. The next two Saturday games are early so I am keeping my fingers crossed we will get a waiter with a better personality.
3	We always end up at Chili's when we can't think of anywhere else to go.  It's just that kind of place.  This location is just okay.  Sometimes the service is decent, other times it's slow.  For a while, Chili's had veggie tacos.  Man, I loved those things.  Now they are gone, and I am sad.  Still, I like their spicy sausage soup (whatever its real name is) and their black beans.  I'm sure we'll be back the next time we can't think of anything else to eat.
5	Chili's is always a good place to go out when you don't feel like cooking and want a  nice cold draft beer.  We have always had awesome service at this location.  When we first moved to Nevada we met Jorge (server/bartender) and he was so friendly and personable.  Now we always come to this Chili's because we really appreciate his upbeat attitude :D  We'll be back, for sure!
5	Great service, happy hour & atmosphere :)
3	2 for 20$ is a fair deal. Food is good, location is nice, service can be slow but the overall experience in pretty nice
5	Went in at 3:00 pm for happy hour. We ordered the 2 for $20.00 dinner. It was wonderful. I usually have left overs, not here, I ate the whole thing! One of the best dinners I enjoyed in a long time. Thank you Chili's for a nice evening.
4	What can you say about Chili's.  The food is good no matter what you order.  This is a chain and I have never had a bad meal at this place. You can feel safe eating here at this location anytime.
3	ok, my girls love the fajitas
2	Service was very slow tonight, we got a table right away, but food was not coming out of the kitchen. Drink refills very hard to come by.
3	It's okay. We have never had bad service here, but the food just lacks.Their salsa doesn't taste fresh. The best thing to get with your chips is the fired roasted guac. Their chilli is good, I got their shrimp tacos once, and theshrimp was just terrible. Chewy, like rubber...tasteless. I had to restrain from gagging. The only reason why we go their is their booze, guac and molten lava cake.
2	I haven't been to a Chili's in a while, so I forget how mediocre the food is. It should be passable. The food is ok, nothing spectacular, but I did enjoy the chocolate lava cake. The food was ok, it came out hot and edible, but the service really sucked. No happy hour on the weekends, and by the looks of it, they shoulld change that policy, the place was pretty empty. Again, the service sucked, a margherita flatbread was ordered and when it came the waitress angled the plate so that the flatbread slid off the plate when it was placed on the table. All we got was an oops, not a let me replace that for you or even a sorry.
1	The quality of the hamburgers was poor-dried out to say the least.  The place was a dirty mess-the kitchen looked disgusting (floor and counters looked dirty) and so did the restaurunt!   I will NEVER go back.
4	It's been years since I've been to Chili's. I couldn't pass up the free flatbread coupon from Facebook recently, and it was amazing!I had the chicken, salsa, bacon, tomato, avocado flatbread and it was huge. I even got chips n salsa from the manager becuase the flatbread took a while. I would return to try another flatbread for sure!
1	Chicken(Country)-Fried Steak, To Go!Drive Home took approximately 45 seconds. Upon opening container and cutting first piece, the entire breading-type covering, which was over and inch thick, completely came off the McDonald's Hamburger-sized beef patty. I even had gravy on the side, so it wasn't soggy from the gravy. Are you kidding me? How difficult is it to fuck up a Chicken Fried Steak?Totally ruined and a waste of time & money. Threw it away!
2	I haven't been to Chili's in a while. I usually love it, but this past Sunday my Mom and I went and it was bad! From the service to the food. All of it not good!We started off with the bottomless chips and salsa. This was the only good thing about the experience. I also checked in on Foursquare and noticed I got a free bottomless chips and salsa with check-in I asked our waitress about it. She had no clue about it at all. She even said that she had never seen it before and had me read her off the coupon code. The chips were surprisingly light and very tasty and the salsa was pretty fresh. For lunch I decided to have their new Bacon Avocado Chicken Sandwich. It came on a pretzel  bun, with tiny bits of sauteed onion, very none existent cilantro pesto mayo and fries. It looked really pretty and looked like it was going to be really yummy. Alas, I was wrong. So very tasteless! The whole thing just had no flavor and needed some serious sauce. I tasted none of the mayo at all. Even the fries tasted bad. My Mom ordered the Southern Smokehouse Bacon Burger. Again, it looked really yummy and was huge, but was flavorless. She also said it was mushy in the middle and the ancho-chilie BBQ sauce was not on there at all!When the sever brought us our food we asked for a couple of sides of ranch for our fries. She said no problem. I ate half of my sandwich and had given up on the ranch and was using ketchup before we finally got our ranch. Both of our fries were cold by the time it came and then it wasn't even our server that brought it to us! Chili's you disappointed me. From your servers to your food: meh! I feel I totally wasted my money and time! I should have just gone to Rachel's Kitchen where I know the food has taste and is yummy!
3	Food was good, service was okay. We sat in the bar section on a Saturday night. It was super loud, and made us feel like we were in a sports bar.The 2 for 20 meal is awesome and filled us both up! Beside the blaring TVs, it was freezing! Wearing a jacket, and jeans. Super uncomfortable.
1	Came to this Chili's a few time. Usually it fine but the past 2 time we went the service sucks. First walking in there was no one around to greet you.  We stood there for 20 mins. They claim there are so busy but they have plenty of empty tables. Took forever to get someone to take our order. After our food came out no one came back to refill our drinks or give a check. I had to wave down a different server just to get our check. This is horrible service. I live around the corner and we will never go back here again.
4	Southwest eggrolls!... need I say more.  The service is at this location is great.  They're in the process of remodeling so the bar will definitely be a place to come back and visit once they're done. Because of the side of town is on,  this location is never too busy.
5	To start, I used to hate Chili's. Was dragged as a kid to family dinners, lol! Now twice that age and a couple recent revisits- I love Chili's!!!! Great food, cool atmosphere, bold dining, and friendly staff; I always suggest Chili's for place to eat. The chips/salsa to start is my favorite, warm and I love restaurant-style salsa, (try the salsa ranch!) Mango tea is a must, and they have great mixed drinks, too! Awesome margaritas! I plead guilty when accused with ordering the same thing every visit, but I just like what I like!!!! Thanks Jennifer S for the great service! Reminding me to give my best, too!Recent remodeling has really turned this place around. Give it a second shot!
1	I usually come here since I live in Anthem and service has been great but this last time it sucked. It was beyond horrible service. We got sat and I asked the hostess about the little tv on the table and she said you can re order drinks on it, play games and pay the bill. I said oh you can order food and she said no obviously I wouldn't give you a menu for that umm...okay rude! Secondly, our server greeted us with such a fake smile and fake hello. He was clearly annoyed with his day and job. He was probably like oh shit two olderly people and a young guy means my tip will suck. I used to work in the service industry and you can never judge a person on their age or looks like you can't judge a book by its cover. He was annoyed to that he could not upsell all of us but hey when your rude I won't add a salad even if I want it. He sighed as he took our order and walked away. Really?!? I know it's Chili's and all not a fine dining restaurant but still I shouldn't get treated like I'm at Denny's. Really almost with the trivia its an extra 99 cents seriously lol?!?! At Buffalo Wild Wings it's free to pay trivia and it creates a fun family experience not let's pay for it. I'm so annoyed I'm sitting here taking the time at the restaurant to write this review. So, we shall see when I get our food how the server will be with our order. So, we ordered our food at 12:00 and are still waiting....and its 12:15....I would expect a longer wait time at a busy restaurant but it's completely empty. Finally, got our food at 12:17 and omg servers need to realize when they are being sarcastic and rude. Our server did not care at all about anything and seemed annoyed. I just find it hilarious that a server is so busy with 5 tables. Really it is not that hard to handle 5 tables. I honestly don't think I will be returning to Chili's ever again. I'm tired of getting horrible service and servers who hates their jobs. If you hate your job so much then find a new one. End of story. It always amazes me how some people have jobs in the service industry.  Also, I get the tv ideal trying to be cool but that just means the servers are really lazy and need a electronic device for people to hit refill my glass and order deserts haha lazy work. Then really we had a free desert for my grandpa's birthday but our server said we only get a free scoop of ice cream. Seriously......so frustrating it's annoying!  Never coming back to any Chili's for that matter! You lost my business and you are horrible and customer service and I don't feel horrible about writing this review at all. I would rather go to Mcdonalds in the same parking lot and I would probably get treated better and I hate McDonald's.  I never eat there hahaha
4	This location of Chilis is pretty decent. It's located on the corner of Eastern and St Rose with plenty of parking.  We usually stop in during lunchtime.  The bar area is open seating with tvs mounted all around for entertainment.  That's where we find a spot.  We have had great service in the bar area.  All of the servers have been really friendly and frequently check on the table.  They have new mini tablets on each table for guests to reorder drinks, order food and even pay the tabs.  So convenient! We've had several different items on their menu such as queso dip, fish tacos, fajitas and sliders.  Everything has been tasty and piled high.  I always leave full without room for dessert. They do offer several desserts but unfortunately I haven't had the pleasure yet.  It's a chain but I like their menu.  Give it a try!
1	This was our favorite place until now, the greeter was very rude but then I notice his red shirt said trainer (Red), he had totally no eye contact with me from the greet to the table and thru the explanation of how their tart on their table works. My wife was with me and all the attention was with her she white I'm latin it made me feel out if place then I notice Red being very friendly and eye contact with other white folks it just made me feel uncomfortable in this place, now days business are driven in customers service it should be what can I do to earn your business the customer is the blood line of any company. Hope you get this message red and be more attentive to all customers they are the ones who make your pay check, cheers.
2	We ate here today for lunch and service was horrible! We were seated promptly and it took almost five minutes for our server to come over and greet us. She took our order since we had long enough to look over the menu in her absence.  Before our food came, she informed us it would only be a few more minutes which was nice. Our food came and our waitress came right after and asked us if everything looked ok. That was the last time we saw her until it was time for the check. We came here with a kids eat free coupon and our check was wrong so she had to go fix it. She came back and apologized and told us it was so busy because of the coupon. That's funny because there were several open tables near us. I don't blame the waitress though, is one falls on management and not having enough staff to accommodate more people during busy times or when a coupon is put out. I don't understand why it is so hard to get decent service in restaurants. We are not high maintenance at all, but expect our drink glasses to never go empty, is that too much to ask? I shouldn't have to flag down a hostess or another server to refill my drink or ask for more napkins.
5	Always love coming to this Chili's. Great food, great service.
2	Went here for dinner on a Friday night around 9. Surprisingly it was not busy. We were seated at the bar section in a booth. We ordered the 2 for $20. App=Texas cheese fries Entree 1-chicken pasta Entree 2- honey Chipotle chicken crispersTexas cheese fries are ok. French fries with melted cheese and bacon. How could you really go wrong with that? I like the house made Ranch that accompanies them. The chicken pasta was warm, almost cold. The chicken crispers didn't taste very good. I always love getting the chx crispers because the honey Chipotle sauce is good and its different. On this visit, I wasn't impressed. Service was fine. Nothing special. I probably wouldn't come back to this location.
2	I would usually go into an in depth Yelp, but this Chili's isn't worth my time.I had the classic sirloin, ordered medium-rare. I had normal expectations, but come to find out, reality hurts. It was cooked rare, overdosed on NaCl/sodium chloride/salt, and nothing better than mediocre. My nephew even had the same entree, but he had a really flagrant tasting sirloin. Did I mention, there was silver skin, tough meat and overpriced meals? Very disappointed. I'll shed a tear to all my Chili's fans who have been led astray. Let's all make a change and find a competitor! Or let's create a new restaurant, I suggest we call it Yelp!ed. Viva la revolution! (Excuse my lack of an awesome finishing line to my Yelp.)
1	We asked for table side guacamole and our waiter said "I'll make it for you then bring it out" then I said "no, we want TABLE SIDE GUACAMOLE" he again said "trust me on this. .. I'll make it for you then bring it out and I won't charge you the table side price.. we are too backed up in the kitchen." I told him to go tell his manager what he told me or I was going to tell him.... judging by the managers reaction when he came to our table... he most likely told all his servers to do this on their shift. Eat at the one on Las Vegas Blvd or go elsewhere.
5	Amazing and fast service! Fair prices! They have totally revamped this location and it is lovely!
5	Hadn't been to a Chili in years, we were very impressed with the service (Kayla was great), the food-2 for 20 deal was very filling and good, and lastly the ipad on each table, you can play trivia with other guests!  we had alot of fun and laughs because of it!!  And then were able to pay the check on it!
4	I enjoy going in to sit down. The waitresses are always nice and the food is good. I don't recommend getting anything to go.. The last time I ordered the tilapia, it was cold and undercooked. Not really fair to get it then be disappointed as soon as I get home and can't eat what I paid for.
3	Same as every other main stream so called bar and grill. Overpriced and the staff doesnt seem to be friendly when its busy. I used to really enjoy coming here years ago, but when they shut down most of the restaurants within the valley the service really took a hit. The food is just ok depending on what you get, and nothing has a wow factor. Its a freaking Chilis, just not what it used to be...
5	I am so impressed. Much better now that the remodel is done. I went to dinner with my parents and boyfriend about 6pm. I was shocked to have been seated right away. We use to have to wait at least 20 min before. Our server was Kayla and she was on top of it all night. We got queso dip. The chips are a thin but perfect salt crisp. If you want chips and salsa i would order the queso dip cause you get the salsa as well. My mom and I ordered the 2 for 20 deal. We shared a new appetizer, the spicy panko onion rings, and they were soooo good! She got her usual chicken fajitas and I got the steak. Lots of flavor in each! My dad ordered his usual, he swears it's the best salad in the world, Santa fe chicken salad. My boyfriend had a burger and devoured it in just a few min. To say the least, we had a great dinner and service! Our drinks were always filled and our chips never ran out. Again, kudos to Kayla, she is wonderful.
1	The minute we walked in there today, I was told that there was a new menu. I didn't really care since I already knew I was ordering a great juicy burger. Chili's, what have you done??? The delicious, juicy burger that I always get is gone!! The burger I had today had no flavor whatsoever and it was loaded with a crazy seasoning that left an awful taste in my mouth!! I actually went home and had a Listerine rinse!! Where is that juicy delicious angus taste that I've come to love and crave??  The waitress confirmed that they did change the burgers and oh, what a horrible change!!!!!!!!!
1	Had the 2 for $20.00 deal. Ordered the fried cheese sticks. How stupid to serve 7 sticks for 2 people.  Make it 6 or 8 . The wait staff works as "teams". What a dumb idea. There are small interactive tv devices on each table. All orders can be placed with these devices.  The wait staff is only needed to carry the food from the kitchen to the tables. Need extra napkins? Forget it.  Caution the charge for playing a game on this device is 99 cents. The baby back ribs are totally tasteless. The sweet potato fries did come out without salt,as I requested. The silverware is spotted and dirty.Skip the desserts, over priced and devoid of flavor. This is my second trip to this restaurant. ..my first and last. Do yourself a big favor and go to Famous Dave's.
1	This is my second trip to this location.  Its ok, nothing that's gonna make me give a 5 star rating. The server was friendly...well at least when he came to the table. We didn't see him much. Oh, and just FYI,  if you order Root Beer it comes in seperate bottles, no refills of course.And to make things better,  server told our bill was ready and left. So we paid at the table. No offer of to go boxes or anything. So I got up and got the containers myself. As we left, no one batted an eye. Heck, I could've walked out with plates and silverware and not one employee would've noticed. Food is great, service severely kacking
