5	This is a truly amazing oasis in a sea of cheese and debauchery.  Since we were sans little wee one on our naughty adult vacation to Sin City, we decided to pop over to the Springs Preserve and check it out.  It's a relatively new desert botanical garden and learning center.  Hubby is a science teacher so he was WAY excited to get his science groove on.We went a little later than expected and only had a couple hours to spend but we easily could have spent at least 4 hours wandering the hiking trails and checking out the cool exhibits.  Basically this attraction has three parts...origin experience which has tons of cool interactive activities, films, and a little zoo of desert life, Desert Lving Center which is all about conservation, and Gardens/Trails which is a bunch of interconnected trails.  It was really cold when we were there so we didn't spend as much time as we like on the trails.If you have some time and want to get away for a bit from the smoke and vice of the Strip, check out the Springs Preserve. It's really lovely.
4	I don't think too many people know about this wonderful park that just opened recently in central Vegas.  It's near Vegas Valley and I-95, just north of downtown, about ten minutes from the Strip.  It's beautifully landscaped and has several different areas that mostly deal with different sorts of desert ecology.  My favorite is the tree garden that has varieties of palms and cacti.  It's a nice oasis in a sea of concrete.Pretty cool too is how the parking lot is partially covered by solar panels that both shade your car and provide power for the facility.  Al Gore probably loves this place ALMOST AS MUCH AS THE BELLAGIO BUFFET.  Lol.But I do wish they had planted more tall, shady trees in the nature trails area - seems they could have easily installed some, it would make for a more pleasant walk when it gets hot out there.Still, a real gem.
4	What a great alternative to the rest of what's going on in Vegas.  And it's free!  I'm definitely going to recommend this place to my friends that have underage girlfriends, because this town can be tough when you're not 21.  I'm not big at looking at plants, but it was a very serene environment.  And I was lucky enough to go on a Thursday (4pm-8pm) when they were doing their farmer's market -- picked up some fresh corn, artichoke, strawberries, and asparagus for all under $10.
5	Only a few blocks from my apartment, I expected this place to be out in the middle of nowhere or on the edge of town.  Today was the one-year anniversary of Spring's Preserve, so I treated my roommate, my son and I to attend the event (the fact that it cost $6 each instead of $14.95 was a major reason why I was so nice).  While the crowds were outrageous today, it did not detract from what the Preserve has to offer overall.There are many different facets of this huge campus, from the OriGEN experience to the gardens on the outskirts of the property; each has something great to show and tell you.  We started in the gardens, examining the flora and fauna that is prevalant in this area.  We were shown various ways to create a garden using plants that are meant to be here as well as planting veggies and fruits in new and interesting ways, something I did not think could be done well around here.We ventured further into the Preserve and found the ampitheater where a free ice-cream social was coinciding with live Celtic and eventually Blues musicians performing.  What a great place this would be for a night of music and some food or drinks.  We were told that the next week on Father's day there would be a BBQ, Blues and Beer festival where the first 100 dad's got in for free.  Events like this are an excellent way to attract positive attention to such a wonderful place.Past the ampitheater is the OriGEN building where there are a multitude of displays that are interactive and interesting.  Educational video games occupy one room while a history of the area display with live actors playing a turn-of-the-century train ride scene are in another.  Beyond this room lies one of the most exciting parts of the experience: the Flash Flood room.  Only 30 people can go in at a time, so expect a line.  Standing on a platform at the bottom of a mock wash, you experience what it is like to be in the middle of a flash flood.  My son was in the front row and he came out a little wet.Further along you will find a great insect, reptile and mammal display that has many interesting specimens.  We found that a few of the animals were dead, however, but this is not to be unexpected.  One was a kangaroo mouse that was hidden away in his burrow (he may have been sleeping but we doubt it.  The lizards were very excited to have visitors as you may see in one of the pictures I posted of the Preserve.Expect to spend at least 2-3 hours here.  A lot of the activities are outside, so apply sunscreen.  Water fountains are every where and most are very cold (moreso near the buildings).  We did not go into the main building where the gift shops and restaurants were, but refer to other reviews as other yelper's have visited them.  I will update when I return here again.
5	I would have to say this is probably the best way you can spend a nice afternoon. there's a lot of fun games and the landscape is beautiful. if you're looking for a place to go on a date, this is it!!!it's way cute!!after coming here once, i thought it was so pretty, i decided to do my photo project here. there's a lot to learn here. if you're into the whole saving the environment thing, you'll LOVE it. i think its definitely worth paying to get into the different buildings.
4	Super cool! beside the casino's. GO!!
5	One of my favorite places in Vegas! If you are visiting here and are not into gambling, this is a nice alternative. Here you can learn about our ecosystem and cultural history, enjoy art, and walk through some pretty nice trails! They also have some great exhibits and workshops supporting sustainable living.
4	What a great way to spend an afternoon. We took my 14year old son and one of his friends and they had a GREAT time! Such a variety of things to do, they even have an arcade full of educational but fun games that we didn't find until we were getting ready to leave. My parents purchased several annual passes so fortunately we will be able to go regularly and check out all there is to see.
4	I came here with a few friends that brought their kids along, and I think I enjoyed coming as much as the kids did.  We were there for nearly 3 hours and I feel like I saw less than 1/2 of what the Springs Preserve has to offer.  Las Vegas doesn't offer a ton of truly family-friendly destinations for visitors, so it's nice that the Springs Preserve can provide a long afternoon worth of fun for people who want to get away from the Strip and do something with their kids.  But I live in Las Vegas, so that doesn't really matter to me; however, Nevada residents only have to pay $9.95 to get in.Also, while looking at the exhibit on desert animals, I learned that the weird fuzzy bug that I saw outside my apartment a couple months ago is a velvet ant, and that its sting is brutal.  I kind of wish I hadn't learned that, but it's interesting to know.
4	My wife and I came here a few weeks back when it was 110 degrees plus. But this was a neat find. They have all sorts of cool displays about the natural history of the area. I thoroughly enjoyed the geology and anthropology aspects of this place. They had lots of neat displays and interactive games for the younger folks (and those young at heart folks). There was a really neat flash flood simulation. I'd recommend this. Overall this was a great place to visit and I look forward to going back this winter when it's cooler. I would have given the place 5 stars but I have to deduct one star for the children's environment confessional. Seems too much like brain washing instead of education.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE. How can you not enjoy the center of where Las Vegas started. The best part about this place is the Wolfgang Puck balcony cafe where we get our favorite Kobe Burger and Fries. I think it's the best in Vegas. Juicy medium burger. The tender buttery meat really melts in your mouth. The fries are long and crisp when you bite into them. Very Gourmet.  Come here for July 4th and watch the scattered fireworks along the 10 mile strip with the Las Vegas Philharmonic playing in the background. You can definitely find us here at least once a month.
3	I was expecting more from their Winter Lights Festival and was completely underwhelmed. Sure, the half-million eco-friendly lights look cool. But, I was thinking they would have different holiday scenes depicted throughout the place -- like a giant santa display in lights, an LED display of reindeer or something like that. Instead they just wrap the lights around trees along their walkways. At least tickets aren't too pricey at $8 per person. There are some fun things for kids to check out. Kids can meet Santa (and their wasn't a line at all... much better than trying to see Santa at the mall where the wait can be a couple hours). Pix w/ the big guy are free with your own camera or you can pay $10 for them to take a picture and get a print. There's also a sleigh ride and train ride that kids might like (for an additional fee).The landscaping and architecture of Springs Preserve is gorgeous. I'm sure it looks more impressive during the day. I'll probably come back to check out their exhibits and hiking but I probably won't be back for the Winter Lights Festival. If you want to check out cool xmas lights the Magical Forest at Opportunity Village off of Oakey Blvd. is a lot more fun for both adults and kids.
5	Update 06-Jan-10   The last time we visited the Springs Preserve, it was in the middle of a very hot summer day.  So we couldn't really spend much time outside.   But we vowed to come back in the winter and I am really glad we did.   The indoor displays are really pretty neat.   But being able to see the outside displays and nature trails was just awesome.   It was kind of nice to just walk around in the cool air.  It was like a small slice of nature in the city.   Great job guys!
4	We spent several hours at the Springs Preserve yesterday, wanderng about the garden and grounds, exploring the exhibits and enjoying a snack in and view from the cafe located on the second floor of one of the buildings.First, all the volunteers here were so friendly and helpful.  The volunteers in the Ori-gen (we think we got the name right) building knew a LOT about water issues in the Las Vegas area and we learned a lot from one of them in particular.  We also learned a lot about springmounds and it broke our hearts to hear the story of how all but one were decimated by developers during the Las Vegas building boom of the last couple of decades.Overall we found the exhibits to more more child centric than we expected, but it was still worthwile to breeze through them for adults and lots of wonderful plantings in the gardens on the grounds for adults to enjoy.  And thanks to being able to check the Springs Preserve calendar posted on their web site in advance of our trip, we were able to select a day without a lot going on there so few crowds.Entry fee for adults is about $18 but discounted by $4 if you are a AAA member and know to tell the ticket agent that.  This is obviously a relative new undertaking, the Springs Preserve, and still trying to find footing and funding.  It is definitely worth the 20 minute or so drive off the strip if you are visiting LV and have transportation to spend some time there.
4	Spent a couple hours here today with a friend and her kiddo for the Springs Preserve Ice Cream Festival. $7.50 entry fee ($5.50 for me since someone nice came up and gave me a $2 off coupon right as I was about to pay) and you got entry into the entire area. I had never been before and it was quite a treat. It's really nice to walk around all the areas and enjoy a bit of nature in the middle of the city still. They have galleries, food, and lots of places for little ones to play. The Ice Cream Festival itself left me wanting a bit since it was ridiculously busy and the lines were crazy, but they did try to keep it as organized as possible. And also unfortunately for us Vegas weather is unpredictable and went from nice to OMG SO WINDY AND COLD KILL IT WITH FIRE which put a halt to our festivities. But we got to enjoy some ice cream and root beer floats and enjoy the sights and get some exercise along the way. I would definitely want to come out here again when it's a bit warmer and explore some more.
4	I came to visit in late December and it was sort of chilly.  As such, other than a few groups of school kids, I had the place almost to my self.  To take in the entire property and all it has to offer takes a good 3-4 hours and I am sure I still missed some stuff.  While in the gardens I got to spend some time with the curator and chat about vegetable gardening in a desert and she let me peek out back as see her little compost pile, almost as long as a football field!  She was excited about having just gotten a permit from the city to start growing vegetables for the cafe.  The permit required that that garden be kept out of he public area but I am sure photos will be on display somewhere after it is in production.In addition to the gardens there are several indoor areas with lots of interactive stuff for people of all ages.  Areas focus on wildlife, water conservation, and lots of historical info on the area.  If you have kids in tow while visiting Vegas this is a must do side trip.
5	Lovely little gem in the desert
4	Visited this jewel in the desert for the first time last night while attending the Grapes and Hops Festival.The festival itself was great. (I'll save details of that for their own review). And the setting of the Springs Preserve was a wonderful choice. I arrived there around 7, so it was already dark, so I wasn't able to enjoy the scenery as much as I probably would have during the day.I have horrible allergies (basically every plant/pollen/vegetation native to Vegas) and this took a toll on me. Despite that unfortunate detail, this place is definitely worth coming back to visit again.I can see why this is a popular location for weddings, high school reunions, and any other special events. I've been told the museum is great and this place even has a Wolfgang puck cafe/restaurant! The Springs Preserve is a great way to "get out of the city". It really makes you forget you're in a metropolis.
4	My husband and I took our 20 month old son here on suggestions from fellow yelpers. We wanted to do something special with him before the arrival of his little brother. While I think he would have enjoyed it a bit more if he was a little older, he still had a great time. I think this is a great place geared towards the 5 and up crowd, adults included. My husband and I enjoyed the tidbits of information we came across while venturing around with our son. I would definitely recommend it to others. We're looking forward to attending the upcoming halloween events.  We attended last year but I think our son will appreciate it much more this year.
5	Living in Hawaii, you pretty much are limited to the things you can do/places you can see, well, other than sunning at our beautiful beaches and everything outdoors!  For families in Hawaii, there is the usual, "you-can-never-go-wrong-with" Waikiki Zoo or Waikiki Aquarium, etc. to frequent, at least a million times in your lifetime (or your kids' lifetimes).Here in Las Vegas, the place to take the family is the Springs Preserve!  Heck!  Better yet!  Get an annual membership there!  You will never tire of the place!  The place is packed with so much to do!  The Springs Preserve is not your typical museum.  In a nutshell, it is a cultural institute of Las Vegas' history and its move towards a promising future of sustainability with all its natural resources that is available in Las Vegas.Who said that learning is not fun?!?  There is so much to learn about Las Vegas and you can find it here.  The one thing I, as well as my 8-year old son, have learned about the most, for instance, is the creation and history of the aquifers in the valley.  Yes, you heard that right.  There is water in this here desert!From classes and workshops to events and concerts, the Springs Preserve offers a wealth of information - and they do it in such a fun and natural way!  What we like best of all are the live desert animal exhibits to view, the gardens to stroll through and trails to walk, and the kids' playground area to rest and relax in.  And when it's time to grab a bite, you can't go wrong with the Springs Cafe By Wolfgang Puck.We just renewed our annual membership which, for families, is $60, basic value package, or $25 for individuals.  We were just there last night for the Haunted Harvest, a festival of games, trick or treatin', performances and fun!  They even had a haunted maze!  We can't wait to go back for their next spectacular holiday event...The Winter Lights Festival!  It's gonna be beautiful and amazing as ever!!!  See you all there!!!
4	I attended the Haunted Festival tonight and was shocked that it was so busy we had to park in the mall across the street and walk inside.  Almost everyone was in costume and it was fun to see how creative the kids and parents could be.  I have been inside a few times before and think it is a great place for kids and families because of the games and information.  It is such a big place I kind of wish there were "help desks" in different parts to guide you, because we always end up wandering in what seems like circles.  Get the map and plan on walking a ton!
5	One of my top favorite places to be in Vegas.  Extremely beautiful gardens and nostalgic museums.  The art and architecture is impressive and the staff has always been friendly.  The annual membership is completely worth it as the park changes with the seasons...and the festivals are always fun!  Perfect place for any age with or without kids!
4	Fun place, bring water.
4	I really like the Springs Preserve.  This review would have been 5 stars if the Preserve still had the "Untold Stories" series on the first Thursday of the month.  These programs about the history of Las Vegas were wonderful, but the Preserve decided to re-evaluate their educational offerings.I love the Origen Building with its movie "Miracle in the Mojave" about water and the lack thereof in the Las Vegas Valley.  It's a brief film, narrated by Martin Sheen, and it quite nicely relates how the area came to be what it is geologically.The flash flood in the Origen is also fun to see.  When it's not too hot, I like to go in the back and see the animals in the fenced area or in the display domes.I need to go back and hike the trails again to see what has changed from when they opened.
5	A hidden gem in the desert.  Lots of interactive exhibits and a neat bird show.  Very pleasant staff.  We went for free as part of Bank of America's Museums on Us program http://museums.bankofamerica.com/We got there when it opened and buzzed through within 2-1/2 hours because we were in a hurry to get to a show.Lots to see, so we will try to stop back in the future.
5	Amazing place to be with both family and friends with so many interesting things to learn about desert life and many fun filled ways to learn them.
5	We came here for the Holiday Spectacular (not the whole month of December- unlike the rest of the holiday attractions) a few years ago (missed it last year though) and went to the last night of the event- 23rd (since it had been raining for six days straight, it was a little crowded). Since we had been to the "Gift of Lights," that goodie bag of coupons and offers, came in handy- we used the $2 off each admission (reg. adult $8.00 each) for up to 6 or 8 people. The parking lot was organized with several staff members guiding the drivers. This was the case with the line to pay admission.   This event is new and very much improved- it was much better than our last visit. What changed? There were so many things to get the kiddies involved like the pony rides (pictures welcome), musical entertainment on the main stage (she took requests too), the train ride, the caroling group comprised of young ladies (in full costume), cookies with elves, various vendor stations selling refreshments like turkey stew @ $4.00 for a serving- which was very yummy and satisfying BTW, as well as all the lighted trees and exhibits like the xeriscape demonstration gardens and signs (I kept reading them). Our last visit only had the lighted trees, a caroling group, and a weird puppet show- so yes, it was way better this time around. Side notes: There was a menorah and a kwanzaa sign alongside (in the general area) the huge Christmas tree- very popular for picture taking.  We spent a couple hours here and when we were leaving, noticed that many more people were just entering. There were lots of bathrooms available, which was nice (those if us with small bladders appreciate that). I saw a funny sign in the bathroom stall, above the toilet, that stated "Reclaimed Water, Do Not Drink." I had to take a picture of it and uploaded it to Facebook- it was ridiculous (do we live in that dumb of a society that there are signs and disclaimers for every little thing???) There was a Gift Shop, but like most specialty places, a bit overpriced- we didn't buy anything. The interesting part of the shop was the gallery pieces on display on the walls (from the Brett Wesley Gallery) and the huge plexiglass floor in which there was a huge lizard (the mascot for the Springs Preserve) and desert flora setting- my husband didn't notice it until I pointed it out to him. The Cafe (Wolfgang Puck- focuses on organic ingredients) is located here- heard from friends that it is good- wanna check it out sometime. Also, this attraction is available for weddings. Neat place for the family to enjoy. I cannot comment on how it is during the spring or summer, because we have not yet been here around that time.
4	A friend had some extra tickets so off we went..Parking was a breeze and getting in was even easier since we had tickets already.They give you a map and your free to explore the park. We were able to score some cool insider time due to another mommy who worked there with the animals. That was cool. The kiddos loved that. Seeing how the food was prepped and some animals that were not out for display. Its always nice to have that behind the scene look at things.There was alot to check out once we were back out on the trails.The bunny habitat was very cute. Lottsa lizards and snakes on display.I would have given 5 stars but the food at Wolfgang Pucks was an epic fail. I had to leave since my tummy was flipping out..ughhh.But I will come back again..next time with the hubby.
4	Springs Preserve is a welcome addition to Las Vegas.  Not only is it a place that talks about desert landscaping, but there are plenty of galleries and exhibits that reflect the natural history of this town.  We got great ideas for landscaping on our visit, as well as composting.  There's even a trading post for natural finds for the kids!  There's a cute gift shop that was worth checking out (and apparently is under going reconstruction since our last visit), and the Wolfgang Puck Cafe on site.One thing that's confusing is that it's actually free to visit the trails and gardens, but there is a charge for the exhibits and galleries.  You still need to go to the ticket window to get a pass to let you in, but you just have to tell them you want to visit only the garden and trails and it's free.  The first time I went, I noticed a lot of visitors confused about this and ending up paying for what they thought and hoped was going to be a free visit.Prices can be a bit steep though, in my opinion.  But currently they are running a promotion for January where adults can get in for the price of a child.  I think there's also discounts for locals too.  Memberships are probably the best value since they offer discounted tickets to special events.Special events are probably the best thing about Springs Preserve - some are free, and some aren't.  We've been fortunate enough to attend the Asian Moon Festival and heard positive things about the Brews and Blues Festival as well there.  So, it's definitely worth checking out their events calendar.
5	This place is AMAZING!  It's fun, beautiful, and educational all at the same time! I wish it was around when I was a kid!  There are TONS of interactive games and exhibits (the flash flood simulator is pretty cool) that teach kids (really anyone for that matter) about a variety of topics including Nevada history, desert plants and animals, and living an eco-friendly lifestyle to promote conservation in the Las Vegas area.  If I were a teacher I would definitely take kids on a field trip here, and when we come back to visit LV I hope we can bring our child to experience this wonderful funderful (yes...funderful) place!
5	It's amazing how fast Vegas around you melts away when you're here -- well, as much as you can avoid it without the Strip lumbering over the valley.  But this museum/nature repository is my in-city choice to escape, well, the city!  Between the neat exhibits (the new one comes in Feb 5th), the trails where you can actually catch some wildlife on-scene, and the fresh air, you'll find something to make you smile.  And really tired.  This place seems a big hit with new parents, and it's very kid-friendly (not friendly to an adult's back sometimes).  Lots of big interactive projections will secretly get them to learn about the environment around the Vegas valley.
5	This is a great place for families. You can also bring a date here if you are tired of the typical dinner and movie routine. It's nice to break out of the box once in a while! Most of the exhibits are interactive. I found some of them really interesting. I liked how they displayed how much water Las Vegas needed in the past to present day. There was also a film on The Hoover Dam formerly known as The Boulder Dam. It showed how they built it and how they rerouted the Colorado river during the construction of the dam. It was cool to see! There are also trails you can walk on and little critters you can look at. If this builds up your appetite you can eat at t at the Springs Cafe by Wolfgang Puck that's on site. There is a beautiful view if you choose to sit outside and enjoy your meal. When you are looking to get a little bit of nature by not straying too far from Vegas this is the place to be!
5	A few ideas before coming here, make sure you have water and make sure you have a camera. This place is bigger than you think!I love the Springs Preserve. I was lucky enough to see a "show" in the middle amphitheater on birds. Also the museums here give a great visual to how the Vegas valley was made. I noticed too it has so many activities for kids to do. As a couple that didn't have kids weren't bothered by the kids. Some of the play areas are separate so it wasn't always screaming kids around. The park layout if nice and a fun walk. Plan to be here for a few hours because there's so much to see and do. Also locals get a good rate so I'll definitely be back.
4	Really clean and friendly staff. Can't wait to get back to do some more exploring. Bought the year membership because I liked it so much!
5	Spent an afternoon here while trying to escape the strip while my husband was working a trade show.  Went along with my baby, and a friend and her three year old and had a blast!  Very educational - can't wait to bring my little one back when he cares. lol So much to see and do - you could spend hours here and not do the same thing twice.  Great place to wear out a kid.
4	After living in Las Vegas for over 5 years, I finally made it out to Springs Preserve with my husband and his mother one sunny Sunday afternoon. I had been wanting to go for a while and was happy to finally have a good excuse to do so. The park has special events throughout the year, I hope to make it to the Brews and Blues Festival this summer (a friendly employee informed us that it will be held June 4th this year ). The weekend we went they were having a plant sale in the garden area, and there was also a falconry show. Tickets for one-time admissions run around $10 for local adults, $19 for non-local adults and $5 for kids from 5-17 (younger children are free). They do offer a military discount, as well as yearly memberships that seem like a smarter way to go if you plan on going back. There are cheaper ways to spend an afternoon in Las Vegas but most will not be as educational yet still fun as an afternoon here.If I had children, I would bring them here all of the time. I thought the Trading Post was a great way to get kids to learn more about nature by allowing them to bring in things they find while they are out and about and trade them for other goodies. There were numerous exhibits for children to play with as well as ones adults could learn from as well. We checked out the movie about how Hoover Dam was built and were surprised to learn some things about water consumption in the valley. We noticed the month of March was all about mining, and they had an area where you could pan for gold. April is all about gardening and the different shows and exhibits will be changing to go along with the monthly theme. Knowing this makes me want to go back regularly to see what is new.For both visitors and locals alike the Spring Preserve is worth at least one visit.. It's a nice way to see where Vegas came from and where it is going...
5	best part of my trip to vegas. perfect if you are on vacation to vegas but don't drink, gamble, or shop! extra perfect if you love gardens, or have kids in tow. we spent 3 hrs here and barely saw it all.
2	It was my neice's first easter this year so we wanted to make sure she had a great time, so we decided to go to the Springs Preserve Eggstranaganza.  BIG MISTAKE!  The line to get in was ridiculous so we decided to go for the membership for $80 bucks to try and skip the huge line.  We got in and there were soooooo many people everything was like an hour wait.   We waited in line for the petting zoo and when we finally got in, you counldn't even turn around or bend down to pet anything there were so many people.  The worst of all was the "egg Hunt"  which was only a bunch of candy thrown on the grass, no eggs.  Anyway, the parents were trampling the kids.  My neice is so small (1 1/2 yrs old) that at one point my sister said there was so many kids she lost sight of her for a minute.  When they finally ended ot, they had a handful of kids that were lost and had to make an anouncement to find the parents!  They are just very unorganized and over crowded.   The good thing is they gave us a full refund.  NEVER EVER AGAIN!
5	Been here a few times, and I've had a great time every time. It's peaceful, pretty, interesting, and fun. I absolutely love the animal shows, and the backstage pass to hold the animals is worth it ($10).  I love that they have so many activities for the kids. The gardens are very nice, a welcome splash of color in this ocean of brown, brown and more brown. It does seem family-oriented, but it can be romantic to stroll around and take pictures. Love the cafe, too- we only ate there once, but the prices were reasonable for the quality of food. We'll be returning often, as we got the membership.
4	So our family checked out the Springs Preserve on Memorial day and we thought it was a very cool place. They offer many fun attractions for adults and children such as the children's play area, beautiful walking trails and their garden area is amazing. We had a fun day. FYI- just make sure you where comfortable shoes because it is such a big place to check out and explore. FYI- We ate at the Springs Preserve cafe and they have very tasty food also. Overall a fun and interesting day for our family.
5	While my husband and I were talking about getting married, this was the number one place we wanted to get married.  We got a membership here to explore the whole place.  Even though we didn't end up getting married here (just did the Vegas Chapel thing instead), we still love to come here.  We've come to explore and to attend their events.  The Tails and Trails was very fun.  Our dogs loved walking around and smelling everything.  The plant sale is very nice.  And most recently, Brews and Blues was a total blast!  We're so happy we are members and get the emails for event announcements.  This is a great place to come no matter how young or old you are.  It's very unique the way the entire place has been set up.  Take your children, friends and visitors here!  No matter who you are, you'll have fun and learn something!
5	Undoubtedly one of the nicer areas of Vegas, exploring Springs Preserve makes you feel like you are not in Vegas.  "But why would you want to do that", I hear you ask.  Sometimes, you just need to get away from the casinos, and the oranges, grays and browns of the desert.It's great for taking a walk in, or getting ideas for your garden.  There are a lot of things to see and look at, and their recent additions are some of the nicest museum-style fare that we have in the city.  The state museum moves here recently, but with all the budget cutbacks, who knows when that section is ever going to open?  It's really sad, as what they have in place looks excellent.  Someone really took the time to figure out what makes for good design, and what would be really visually appealing.There's also a lot of events that take place throughout the year, giving reason to come back more than once.  They also have a really nice gift shop (too many useful gardening books), and a Wolfgang Puck Cafe.  The staff that I've encountered in all aspects have been nothing but nice and helpful.Of all the places like this in Vegas, this feels to be one of the most "complete", like it belongs in a big city.  It also does a nice job of catering to both tourists and locals, which is something more places around the city could stand to do.If you have an afternoon to kill (not one of the batmess hot afternoons, however), this place is worth the visit.  It's pretty to walk around, interesting, and a nice change of pace for someone who wants a little more from their entertainment than what the casinos offer.
5	How do I love thee Las Vegas Springs Preserve?  Let me count the ways:1) I love that this is a cultural, natural location within Las Vegas that is AMAZING for kids and adults alike.  This is the first "museum"/arboretum type location that I've visited in this city that compares to other large cities.2) I love the ecological consciousness that is so rare in Las Vegas.  The bathrooms have low-water hand washing stations.  Recycle stations abound.  Classes are offered to educate people on saving water, composting, desert landscaping, and more.3) The nature exchange!  My kids are a little young, but I'm SO excited that soon I'll be able to visit the LVSP's nature exchange with them.  This is a place where kids can bring a piece of nature, give an oral "book report" to a staff member on said item, and earn points.  With these points, they can "buy" other natural items in the store-like setting.  4) The gardens!  An amazing inspiration for desert landscapers as well as a tranquil setting far, far away from any neon.I think you get my drift.  This really is an amazing place to take children.  My 2 year old loves it.  There is a playground area with a giant snake on which to climb.  The gardens and the playground are free of charge - the museum portion does cost.   I'm thrilled this is in my neighborhood -- but it is definitely worth the drive even if it's not close.
5	Get your nature on!I feel like I can't add too much to the conversation about Springs Preserve. It's all been said, really, by the other awesome Yelp!ers who have left amazing reviews. I would like to add that my favorite thing about all this? It's an oasis of tranquility, my friends. There's no Vegas here. No glitz or glam or stuff like that. It's just nature and classes and awesomeness. Come here. Bring your kids, your dog, your sister, your neighbor... bring everyone!
1	Went today with a friend that had never been, it was horrible. I have never asked for my $ back and today I did! Everything was closed or empty. So disappointing! Ive been there several times and have had a great time as have my kids. I was embarrassed to show this place to my friend. The new museum is to open up in October, I hope it's worth our tax $.
5	Go during holiday events...especially Halloween...amazing, fun events. Kids and adults have a BLAST and there's a haunted house that even 6 year olds can go through with out parents fearing their kids will permanently sleep in bed with them due to nightmares...The adults love it too!!!  Their movie nights are a cool thing for this kiddies to do also.  If you haven't been in a while, or have never gone...you should DEFINITELY get down to the Spring's Preserve!
5	This place is fun. Came here for the first time last year. We spent part of our hangover here and had a blast.  If you need some eats there's a Wolfgang Pucks cafe which serves some decent food.  I would have preferred to bring my own food and set up a picnic in the open grassy area set up in the center for shows.You will walk away refreshed and ready for the rest of your Vegas crazytimes.  I encourage anyone who wants to spend the afternoon in Vegas in a relaxed setting exploring their inner ecologist to go! Oh...and make sure to experience the flash flood!
5	I've had a membership to the Springs Preserve for over 2 years now and there is no better place in Las Vegas to get away from the glam and glitz of the strip and actually learn about the history of the region.  The traveling exhibits keep it fresh and there is always something to see.
5	This place is excellent to spend a day from the Strip.  it's got cool gardens and some interesting museums.  We brought our little one there and only stayed for a couple hours due to our tight schedule.  But next time we will spend at least 1/2 a day there cuz there's just so much to do!
5	If I was to give the Spring Preserve anything other than 5 Stars, my kids would cry, my Wife would divorce me and some of my friends would disown me.We have been going here since they opened it a few years ago, and it is a great place to bring the kids. Year round they teach you about the dessert, and they seem to always have extra events, including there Halloween Trick or Treating and different times celebrating different cultures.Plus I had a cute dessert Hare Stalk us for 3 hours once!
2	So since I've moved here and have been driving on the 95 and seeing the sign off the highway, I've been very curious. Finally my parents came to visit me and I could pretty much drag them anywhere I felt like. On the website it says there are local prices that are discounted and they claim to check ID. I'm pretty sure this place doesn't get much business because no ID's were checked for my non-local parents which made me happy because they charge around $10 extra per person. This place is for kids. I could see if I brought my niece here I would have maybe enjoyed it more, but definitely a few hour trip not an all day thing. There were a few interesting exhibits like history of Vegas and the flash flood demonstration. I can appreciate Las Vegas making an attempt to offering some type of culture and educational experience but definitely not up to par to what I am used to from my hometown of Chicago's Children's Museum.My mom was excited about the botanical gardens and then we realized that dessert plants are not the colorful and pretty gardens we are used to.
4	I went for the Halloween event, I recommend for little kids...... the park overall looks f=very well maintained and a good family day event.
5	Our family was in Vegas for the Freak Show Youth Wrestling Tournament and needed a safe place to trick or treat for a 7 & 5 year old. The Springs Preserve was perfect, clean and tons of fun! The kids trick or treated, visited a haunted house (very cool and a little scary for adults, perfect for kids, I jumped at the end), we danced on a stage after a concert with dancers and partied like rockstars with Winder Farms cold milk. The science section with smoke bubbles made from dry ice and monster eyes was the highlight.
4	Dias De Los Muertos Event @ Spring PreserveDay of the Dead is without doubt one of my favorite yearly rituals, and I invite it to become yours too! I became intimately acquainted with DOD  while living in San Francisco's Mission District.  Skeleton processions, sugar skulls, bright orange marigolds, and offrenda's ablaze with candles and the mementos of past loved ones. Must not forget street Tamale's smothered in rich Mole_ a gift for the Living on this Day of the Dead. I also think its a great way to give children an understanding of this often tricky-to-discuss topic, far better than the "fluffy cloud" euphimisms we tell our kids when people pass.  Day of the Dead is a family event, and what better place to celebrate than at the Life- Affirming Springs Preserve!   We need more public ritual to acknowledge this unavoidable and often transcendent aspect of life, I'm talking about death people. Cuz last time I checked, none of us are getting out of this life alive. So this day belongs to all of us, might as well eat, sing, cry and celebrate while we can.     http://www.springspreserve.org/apps/event/details.cfml?id=206&date=11%2F06%2F2010
4	Great place to bring your kids while in Las Vegas.  Lots to see.  Can easily spend a whole afternoon here.  I didn't get a chance to check out all the trails but they looked pretty cool from the balcony off the Nevada State Museum.  Admission fee for non-Nevada state residents was a little steep but still worth the trip to this place.  Staff were very friendly.  Would highly recommend this place to families with young teens and kids 5 and up.
2	Not the best experience for me. Maybe it's the day we went when NOTHING was going on. I'm not coming back.
4	Friday, November 18Went to the Springs Preserve this morning. The brand new Nevada State Museum just opened the last week of October on the property. The museum covers Nevada from the time of the Ice Age Mammoths (an entire skeleton is on display) up to the present including a good deal on Las Vegas (including a $25,000 chip from the Dunes). Very enjoyable. We spent the entire morning inside the museum and only got to see a bit of the Springs Preserve outside exhibits since it started getting windy. We did see the Origen Museum - pretty cool. They have a flash flood simulation and a special exhibit - The Scoop on Poop - yep....one is called Turd Trivia....
4	Want a break from all the glamor, glitz and cigarette smoke that is Las Vegas?  Then visit the spring preserve. Although ground water pumping has halted the natural flow of the springs, the habitat of the original site is being restored using reclaimed water. Wander the restored grounds and marvel at the bits of Western history being preserved and restored. Then visit a top notch Musem and botanical garden. I highly recommend this place. I unexpectedly spent over four hours exploring this remarkable location.
4	Came here for my niece's dance recital and from what I saw (at night) it's really pretty!They had a huge area with a grassy knoll and theatre. The grassy area had a bunch of folding chairs that Spring Preserves provided. Otherwise, your fam can bring blankets to sit on. The area was big enough to see the whole theatre and it's sound system was pretty good and didn't echo the dance music.It would be cool to come here again but, this time when the sun's up. That way I can see something other than the theatre area.I can see it being great for a family outting or field trip.Only bad thing about this place is it's parking. If you don't get to park in its lot, their overflow parking is about a mile away. Your best bet is to park at Meadows Mall and just cross the street and hope you don't get towed. ***don't say I didn't warn you***
5	What an amazing place! There ad says that it's one place in Vegas that can't be improved by a velet rope and a DJ and boy are they right! We had our wedding there in April 2011 and what an amazing venue. The planning was a breeze, Michelle L. took care of everything! All of the guests commented on how beautiful the ceremony, cocktail hour, and reception were! We used their catering- Delish!, their DJ- OK he didn't play the bridal march, their waiters and staff- incredible!Even beyond wedding during our many site visits we really enjoyed strolling the enourmous property and seeing all of the different exhibits. This is a great place for kids and adults alike!
5	Great place! Very educational. Felt as if I wasn't in Vegas, totally different feeling inside! I liked it here!
5	Love, love, love it!!  One day admission is $9.95 for adults, $8.95 for students, and $0-$4.95 for children.  If you think you'll visit more than once, pick up a membership.  $25 will get you an individual annual membership to this amazing place.  Not only will you be able to access the Springs Preserve, you can also enter the Origen Museum, Nevada State Museum, and all participating members of the American Horticulture Society Reciprocal Admissions Program for free!  The membership provides me with hundreds of dollars in value.  I go here at least once a month to check out the rotating exhibits and walk around the trails.  The displays are very well done, fun, and educational.  Springs Preserve is truly a state treasure.
4	Great place to take kids for day. Keep checking their website for special events they throw throughout the year.
5	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (28 of 365). I have a lot of catching up to do!If you are a Las Vegas local, you should definitely come by here at least once a year to check out what's going on.  My boyfriend and I came here on a Sunday morning to rent some bikes and bike the hiking trail.  This is a new program and I thought that for $8/ hour it was a good deal.  It's a 2.2 mile trail so we were able to bike once around at a steady pace, and another time around while we raced each other on our cruisers.  The first time around we were able to stop and hike some small trails to signed stops to read about the Springs Preserve and how it came to be.  There are a few educational stops along the trail.  There are a number of other options to hike off the path, but there really isn't much scenery to look at.  It's all flat land and dessert.After our bike adventure, we went to the museum which was interesting.  They have a cool flash food exhibit you should definitely check out.  Kids would enjoy some of the animals they have there and craft activities as well.  The museum is a good place I think to spend some quality time with your kids.  One awesome experience was the bird show.  Don't miss this, it's actually quite entertaining and educational.  There is going to be a Nevada state museum that is opening later this year too so that should definitely ramp up this place even more!
5	This is a fun place to take the kids, I keep meaning to go on a F,Sat, Sun or Mon so we can go to the NV State Museum but for some reason it just has not worked out.  My kids loved the Space Exhibit and walking around seeing all of the AWESOME art by Dave Thompson that is all through out the gardens.. the kids were so excited to find the next piece and figure out what it was... kinda like a scavenger hunt.  So glad I scored the Travel Zoo sale on the family  Annual Pass for $25, I will renew with or without it next time and I live on the South Side of town.
3	Very reasonable price for locals at $9.95. The birds of prey presentation was very good. The people who work or volunteer at the park have very little knowledge about what is happening or where it is located. Many of the animals are sleeping or hiding under rocks so that was disappointing and lots of interactive things were either out of service or closed. There is currently an exhibit about the space program and that was educational. I might or might not go back.
4	Did a 5k at the preserve, they really did a great job with this place, especially considering it is in the middle of the city, you feel like you are not in what one of the craziest cities on earth for a moment.
5	Huge fan, there is tons of stuff to do here all the time. They have new exhibits and activities all the time. The staff is really friendly get the season pass you won't be disappointed.
5	This is an absolutely AWESOME place! I was here for the Ice Cream Festival this weekend. The park, gardens, and museum are beautiful and very educational. It definitely makes you feel as though you have left Vegas. There are also bike riding and hiking trails (with bikes available for rental). Staff are friendly and helpful too.
5	We have a membership and even renewed it when it was set to expire.  That says it all!  We love it there and have seen some amazing exhibits that change pretty often.  They also have a playground that's really cool for the kids to give them a chance to run out their energy after having to behave themselves for certain exhibits.Tips: If you're there meeting friends, get there early and meet at the playground. It's really the easiest way to connect.
4	It's funny how people who live in cities for a long time never visit any of the city's landmarks.  For example I'm pretty sure that there are people who have lived in New York City who have never been to the Statue of Liberty.  The point of trying to make is that people really need to explore their home once in a while, I am one of themI have lived in Las Vegas for 16 years and it wasn't until last year that I discovered this little oasis in the desert.  Last summer a girl I was dating at the time suggested we go to the Springs Preserve, and me being naive I asked what the hell is that.  Needless I was pretty surprised when I go there.The Preserve is very beautiful and fun!  I never I could have so much fun exploring nature.  It's very educational and a great place to take the whole family, which when we got there were hundreds of families.   There's  a concert area dedicated towards special events, a nice little restaurant, a desert ecosystem, and a cool swamp area to explore just to name a few of the locations.  The only gripe I have with this place is the parking.  Apparently we went during some special event the preserve was hosting so we had to park three blocks away and walk in the middle of July to get into the place.  I'm just lucky is was cloudy but still!  All in all it is a very entertaining place and a very good idea for a date.  It should not be missed by any local looking for a nice afternoon out.
5	I was referred to this Beautiful Preserve by one of the Locals when we were visiting Vegas. We visitied on a Thursday after 2 pm...We were impressed on how lovely this Preserve was..The volunteers and staff were very friendly and helpful.The snake and water epreservation exhibit was very informative . There are many hands on exhibits for the Young and Older folks. Next time I go, we will arrive sooner to take advantage of the bike rentals and use the trails. We were too late for the cafe but we really enjoyed the gift shop..( they do need to have Magnets)There are many shows and workshops throughout the year!** a must stop in Vegas**
4	Definitely come here if you have kids.  We spent well over 4 hours and didn't see everything that the Spring Preserve has to offer.  It has 5 different buildings offering different interactive exhibits that your kids will enjoy.  NEVADA STATE MUSEUMWe were directed to experience this museum first.  It houses a great collection that depicts the history, pre-history, and natural history of Nevada.  Highlights that my family enjoyed:  -Any budding archaeologist would love to set their eyes upon several prehistoric skeletons.  -Stepping inside a cave and looking for the live bats.-Trying their muscles at the video animated train track-I liked the end of the exhibit on how Las Vegas became glitzy, glamorous, big shows, large buffets, and living it large and in charge.ORIGEN MUSEUMIn this exhibit you learn about the land, the early inhabitants, and Las Vegas future.  Highlights that my family enjoyed:-OUTDOOR, live animal habitats, though covered was hot in the month of May.  Remember to use the mister that's near the entrance of the exhibits.  -Outside there is a sitting area where you can eat and allow your children to play with the natural elements.  -the flash flood exhibit.  Don't get to close to the rail you will get wet and take things out of your children's hands because they are tempted to throw it in and it'll be gone.  SSSSssshhhh.  GARDENWe only enjoyed partial of the garden due to the heat.  DESERT LIVING CENTER ~Do you have a child that loves to collect nature (rocks,shells,  sticks, etc.)?  They'll have a blast exchanging and learning about what they are collecting.  TRAILSWe did not do this.Outdoor PlaygroundIt was a nice sized playground. The heat was hard for my children to endure.  I noticed that they were just seeking shade under play structures rather than playing.  It had an Old West theme.  There was a sandbox, a train, and humongous statues of a falcon, woolly mammoth, and a snake.  This great family excursion came with our Las Vegas Power Pass.  If you are visiting in the summer.  I highly recommend coming to the preserve when it opens since your battling against the sun and heat.
4	I have been twice now.I really enjoyed walking around and seeing all the different plants.The only thing that made me sad was they have a beautiful vegetable garden and the fruits were rotting right on the plant :( I asked a worker about it and she said they are for teaching people how to grow vegetable plants. They hold a farmers market which I love but why waste what they are growing right on the property? They could have their own farmers market or add to the one they are already having. *sigh*When I went the first time the Springs Cafe was done by Wolfgang Puck and the second time I was told by a staffer it wasn't anymore. Well, I didn't notice a difference in the food it was just as tasty. I had Pizza and Fries both times. It was about $10 for lunch. Here are prices:- If you are a NV resident then adults are $9.95 and kids 5-17 years old are $5.95 with kids under 5 free.- If you are a non NV resident then the prices for adults is $18.95 and kids 5-17 years old are $10.95 and kids under 5 are free.- They do offer Senior discounts for ages 65+ so don't forget to ask about that.- Annual memberships per person are $25.- They do offer family memberships so ask about that so if there is a number in your party you can get that discount.- There is an additional charge for special shows so you will have to ask about that but don't assume because you paid general admission to get in that you can go to every show.- plan to dress accordingly and drink lots and lots of water because there is no shade structures where you hike around and it gets hot quick in the summer months.- If you purchase tickets online they are good for 90 days from the date of purchase.
5	Springs preserve is a wonferful family palce.  I love spending the day here.The blues and bews event is one of the best in town.
4	We have season passes so we go there a lot.  I like the new state museum the best.  The cafe is a bit too trendy for me so I wouldn't eat there.  Its very easy to spend hours there. Great for kids.  Don't like the events though (dia de los Muertos, Halloween, Easter etc)  WAY TOO CROWDED and DISORGANIZED.  Those are disasters! Don't go for those.  Go during the week when its quiet and see wildlife on the loose. :)
4	One of my most favorite places just to hang out! Tell the truth! I had no interest when it first opened, thought it was dumb and way overpriced! Got a deal on Groupon (YES, if you read even one of my reviews you know I am deal seeker!) and bought annual passes for the whole family! WOW! Was I WRONG! LOVE IT! We go at least once a quarter and I will be renewing the membership. EVEN AT FULL PRICE! It's calm and relazing, quiet and cool in most places so it's great for beating the heat. Changing exhibits keep it fresh and exciting.. My kids aren't little anymore and they still enjoy it! My oldest dtr is 21 and she carries her pass so she can go whenever she wants! So much to see and do! Don't be like I was and make the mistake of not checking it out! And now that the STATE MUSEUM is open HERE it's an even better attraction and good deal for the money! Oh, they have a cafe here, but it's GOURMET and that means PRICEY!PS: DON'T MISS THE FLASH FLOOD DEMONSTRATION!!! FUN FUN!!!
4	I've been wanting to visit the Spring Preserve since it's opening but for some reason or another, haven't gotten there yet.I saw on Yelp that they were holding an event called "Tails n Trails" opening the park to dogs. That week our pup got the last of his shots, so we decided to get him socialized. It was a bit hot that day, so we didn't stay late worrying about burning our dogs foot pads. But we had fun getting introduced to the park and letting our pooch make friends. They had wading pools set up and lots of treats and toys to buy. I thought there would be more foliage, plants, and shaded areas, but we also didn't go on a lot of the trails since the ground was so hot in most places. We didn't get to see the museums since dogs weren't allowed in those.We'd be interested in going again to check everything out when its not as hot.
5	Okay...So I give a lot of 5 stars. Well I'd like to think that I use my free time wisely. The Springs Preserve is one of the gems located in Las Vegas. If you want to meander through the trails adorned with all sorts of visual greenery and learn about the differences between plants and trees and flowers...I highly recommend it. Also, Located at the Springs Preserve is  the Springs Cafe by Wolfgang Puck...You can sit at an outdoor Cafe overlooking all the splendor of the park. Their are many different buildings themed with learning exhibits, stuff for kiddies to do and the Nevada State Museum! Why not give it a go...
4	I planned a private event for 300-400 people and coordinated with Pietra (she used to work at Three Square then transferred back to Spring Preserve) - great job as always.  Nice set-up and catered food was good.  We had access to all the museums/galleries after our event.The place is decorated for halloween.  Parking was easy, plenty of spots available.  They have animals, insects, fossils, ancient artifacts and interactive equipments for little kids and big kids.  You'll learn about nature and the history of Vegas.They have a cafe and a gift shop.  Kids can also bring in whatever they find from nature and trade it at Nature Exchange for something cool like shells, rocks, fossils, etc.Overall, it's a neat place.
4	We enjoyed the Springs Preserves but were expecting more when it came to the Palace of Exotic wonders. I was expecting to see more then a few bugs and scorpions as the room it was in was huge. The flash flood exhibit was cool, my kids liked it a lot. The playground was a huge letdown, even my oldest son said what kind of park doesn't have a small slide in it. They got bored very quick. The bird show was great, even my 15 month old loved it. We sat in the middle of the row and my sons had the one bird fly back and forth directly over their heads!  Some things were broken when we went, but these things happen. There are some rabbits, a fox and lizards to see outside but the kids were let down again because it wasn't more zoo like. We didn't see the trails or the gardens so I can't comment on that. The workers we encountered we're all fantastic. The gift shop was not over priced at all which was a breath of fresh air. I bought two small stuffed scorpions for $10, any other gift shop would have been 15 a piece easy.  Kudos on no price gouging  My kids also loved the floor in the gift shop since it was glass and you could see the statues they put under the building. All in all a great time with the family, I would go in the fall or spring to get the most out of this place.
5	State museum is included in the admission price; good for kids; Christmas event is fun too!
4	It's a little confusing to negotiate, but it is possible to - for free - take a nice walk around the botanic gardens and trails here, and see some vestiges of Las Vegas history in the form of what used to be a natural spring.We did not go into any of the museums, which charge admission.You do need to stop by the ticket office and get a free ticket that will allow you to walk around.  Otherwise, it's a nice walk, the trails are pretty well maintained, with interesting signage.  The gardens are not very mature at this point - I'd stop by Ethel M instead if I was looking for some nice plantings.
4	We really like the Springs Preserve.  We got married there and our planner was incredibly helpful.  Unfortunately, we were there right in the middle of some contract changes, so our initial planner didn't see us through the whole process.  They did a very nice job of setting everything up and making the day pretty stress-free though.  They also have a book of local businesses that are familiar with the Springs so that the businesses did a lot of the coordinating.  (That was super helpful!)As far as regular activities, it's a great place for weekend family time.  The exhibits are fun and great for kids.  For their special functions, it gets really crowded but they do a decent job of keeping things organized.  We attended the Easter Egg Hunt and it was packed and also less chaotic than expected.
4	Not the first thing people think of when they think Las Vegas but it's a hidden gem. More tourists should check it out. Of course, it's also a nice place for locals. Complete with museums, a garden, walking trails, bike rentals, seasonal and holiday events, changing exhibits, and a cafe that offers a delicious variety. There is plenty to see and do here.
4	Love this place. Great for the kids. I take them and they play in the sand pits and really love the attractions indoors. You can get a yearly pass for around $50 bucks for the family and come when ever you want to get outside. I have been many times and still enjoy it every time. There are also some nice trails you can hike and see how Vegas looked 100 years ago.
3	We decided to head off the strip as we were tired of the glamor, smoke, and craziness on President's Day Weekend.Based on the Yelp reviews, we thought this place would be awesome. However, I would say the out-of-state admission price during the winter is somewhat steep considering what you get. Yes, it is totally nice to have a different culture outside of the lights and glam. However, the gardens were in disrepair (we were there in mid February; maybe some of the items are just doormat in the winter). The Origins, Sustainability, and State Museums were interesting, but most of the exhibits were geared towards kids. A good place to bring your family. If you are in desperate need of a "vacation" from the strip and have a car, head over here. I wouldn't say it is a "must see" though.
5	We need more places in town like this. It truly is a well designed and fun place to go. I've been here several times and still haven't seen everything there is to see. Not that it's so large or anything, it just has a lot of things to do packed in here. A lot of interactive exhibits (good for kids and kids at heart alike), they relocated the Nevada State museum here recently - still haven't made it into that yet.Very helpful staff. While there recently they had a bird show with some pretty cool falcons, hawks and owls..again very interactive with the audience participation and birds flying around etc, it was a lot of fun.A small-ish trail system (that is actually free to enter) takes you around some of the old time springs area, water exhibits and 'wetlands' so to speak. And you really can't tell the US 95 freeway is a stones throw away...it's a nice respite from the hustle and bustle of the city.
4	So I finally check this place out after living here for about 3 years and I admit, I was pleasantly surprised.Brought the wife and kids here for some "family time" on a cool 60 degree saturday. When we got there, we find out that to just walk around and visit certain parts of the venue is free but you still have to get admission tickets from the gate. I was told this was for attendance reasons so they know just how many people overall are visiting. Upon admission, you are given a map of the whole park. To be able to visit certain buildings is when you have to pay. Some people pay by accident not understanding that their intent was to only go to the places that are accessible with no charge so make sure to let them know what exactly you plan on doing.So that's what we did. We decides to just explore for now. Lots of good hang out spots from a childrens's playground to a decent garden equipped with hands on exhibits. They have benches scattered all around for you to rest and just hang out for a minute or two so that was pretty thoughtful of them. I thought it was kind of cool you can rent bikes and ride them on the specially designed trails.From my observation, this is a nice place just to hang out and walk around, especially when it's fall, winter, and spring. I wouldnt recommend doing this during the summer when it's triple digits. If you're a photographer, this is a good place to hone your skills and get a lot of beautiful photos with the wide variety of backgrounds to choose from.Next time we are thinking about getting a season pass so we can explore the museum and some of the other buildings that have planned activities in them.Im glad me and the fam checked it out, because now we know we can come here on those days that we have nothing to do but keep our selves company and there's nothing better than having some good quality family time here at the Springs Preserve.
5	There needs to be more places like this everywhere in the U.S. This place a a surprise when we visited last year in May. Peaceful, informative, And very beautiful. We learn that because of this place Vegas was allowed to be born.  The aquifer under this place allowed for construction of everything you see in the town of Vegas. Amazing huh? We thought so. Coolest thing here was the mock flash flood in one of the exhibits. Really cool. It was damn hot the day we went. About 105!
4	As a kid we use to run around this area when it was just called a water well field.  Now that it has become a "attraction" I like to come here a couple times a year for concerts, beer-fest, and such.  I have met some of the archeolgist (who take their job WAY to serious), so I have to point out to them howmany artifacts were destroyed or remove when the put in the 95 freeway.  Being a native this will always be a well field to me.
5	I did bring your dog day that happens a few times a year. Entry is free with your dog and there are many great trails to go walking on. Make sure to plan at least 2 hours to see everything.
4	This review concerns wedding facilities & catering not the Spring Preserve in general since there is no specific yelp section for this.First off this place is quite large and getting to the ceremony area is a long walk.  Mobility challenged individuals could have some issues.  There are several facilities that are available, for both indoor & outdoor ceremonies.  The path to the ceremony area was not well marked, and, in fact, the parking wasn't obvious either.  In my opinion, this is not a minor issue, since there are several parking areas and the long walk isn't good for the elderly or mobility challenged.  3/5 stars This is a stock picture of the ceremony area, Gardens Arboretum:http://www.springspreserve.org/assets/images/book_wedding_ceremony.jpgNo doubt, the place is gorgeous.  The settings are quiet and well groomed (pun intended).  I give this area 5/5 stars.The reception room is another longer walk, and there were guides to help us get to the location.  There is a stair climb and a separate elevator for the mobility challenged.  We were in, I believe, the Gardens Terrace:http://www.springspreserve.org/assets/images/book_wedding_reception.jpgThis room was great with great views of the lights on the Strip once the sun had set.  It was plenty big enough for the number of guests (75, i think).  I give this room 4/5 stars.Our hosts provided a bar with a couple of drinks, complimentary,  provided for an hour before the formal reception & dinner; I believe they were a white sangria and Mai Tai.  I only tasted the sangria and it was good.  Nothing too exciting, but good.  The Mai Tai looked a bit strange in that it was a cloudy white, like a Mojito and not red/orange.  Additionally, the bar was hard pressed to keep up with the number of drinks.  I heard there was an issue with a bartender getting injured before the drink service. The bar service was 3/5, at best.Also, pre-dinner, was an antipasto type Hors d'oeuvre setup.  Very tasty, but was surprised that the great quality of the cheeses, meats, & vegetables was served with some type of grocery store crackers and no bread.  I just looked at the online menu and there was supposed to be "Rustic Italian Breads"  4/5 stars.The food served was very good.  Dinner main dishes:- Salt Crusted Prime Rib of Beef  served with Horseradish & Au Jus:  I like my beef rare and the carver was able to cut me a great end piece.  Very tasty and would be something I would order at a regular restaurant- Crusted Chicken Seasonal Vegetables served with Buttermilk Mashed Potatoes & Natural Jus:  This was cooked well and, let me tell you, the mashed potatoes were GREAT.  Again, another dish I would order at a conventional dining venue.- Not sure if this was it, but the Glazed Pork Loin with Apricot Chutney looked sorta ok, but the flavor was really good.  The pork was moist & tender and flavorful in its own right.  Adding the apricot chutney made this my favorite of all the main dishes.The sides were standard fare salad, Caeser salad, penne pasta in a red sauce, breads, and some other items.  The only item that wasn't up to the standard of the main dishes was the penne.  It was kinda limp and bland.  Not bad, but definitely not special.Food, 4/5-5/5 stars.Overall, I enjoyed the event (wedding) and facilities, though I wish directions to the actually ceremony area was better laid out or marked and that the bar situation was better handled.  The Springs Preserve & Culinary Arts Catering seem to have a good team handling this, they just need more polishing. 3.75/5 stars, rounding up to 4/5.
4	I've only been once before to explore the buildings a bit and ate at the cafe, but I didn't know much about it and honestly wasn't sure exactly what the park entailed. I came with Yelpers for a UYE, but I stayed back and explored a bit more after people decided to lunch. Let's start with clearing up the confusing stuff- to walk in and browse is FREE, the museums is NOT. Even then I was confused thinking our tickets for that day didn't count the Nevada State Museum so I didn't go, but apparently I could have so that kinda sucked. $9.95 with Nevada ID which isn't bad so I guess I gotta come back to that...ORIGEN MUSEUMWe went in this together and theres a circular room with small tables for coloring. There was a temporary CSI exhibit about bugs and forensics which was cool that it had bug specimens. There was a area about trains and their role in building Nevada. There's a area on our climate and natural disasters with a flash flood simulator which is kinda cool. Outside there is a playground "build a city" for kids with foam blocks. Outside is a small live animal area - various lizards, snakes, a tortoise, rabbits and a little grey fox. There was another temporary exhibit with recycled fashions, nothing really too wearable, but cool plastic and paper type dresses and professional photography next to them. It was smaller than I expected and was a little disappointing thinking that was it for $10, but with that and the Nevada State that's pretty good.DESERT LIVING CENTERMost of these are conference rooms of some sort, but there are some interactive exhibits here and most of the classes and art type projects are done in areas here so worth looking before zooming past to the garden. GARDENSIt's actually really nice. It was surprisingly lush and green which still doesn't compute with me that we're a desert and be that full. It's not just for show, it's a learning garden. They do classes on sustainable horticulture, but you can learn a lot about it just by reading the placards and seeing the applied theories in work. I spent some time sitting on a bench under some shade, with my music on since it was nice out. I went to botanical gardens frequently growing up and I miss just doing nothing, but reading in a garden. SHOWS It rotates, but currently it was a South America animal show which is free since it was in the main amphitheater. There was some cute animals like the llama and funny ones like this parrot that was so talkative and also sang. It was making sounds, laughing and talking even when not being talked to. Apparently they do guided tours of the gardens and animal feedings in the Origen Museum of the live animals. EVENTS There's a farmers market on thurs....I've only been a long time ago when it was literally one vegetable stand, a bread stand and some dessert but now that it is the Bet on the Farm (Mario Batali and Joe Bastianich sponsored market) it is worth visiting. They do various kid friendly craft classes and also stuff for adults like cooking classes, and also plant sales which happened to be going on today and had some decent, easy plants.TRAILS You can do bike rentals here to go on the trails! I just walked a little  bit since I didn't have proper shoes and was getting sand in it, but it looked to be a very easy, flattish walk.ETC There's a gift shop with random, interesting sustainable gifts and gardening stuff. There's actually a small library in here attached to the gift shop as well. If you're hungry there is a Springs Cafe overlooking the place. There's a playground for kids here and also a Springs Preserve train ride.I think to get the full value of your day, make this your day. Go to one museum, see the show offered, go eat, go to the other museum, wander some of the random interactives or show, go on the trail, hang out in the garden. It's mostly geared towards children and families so some of it can be lost on some. However, I really enjoyed just sitting in the garden and not feeling like I was in a desert. I haven't done that in a long time.
5	Yelp 100 Challenge * 62/100Our art teacher had our class meet here on Friday to do some landscape drawing. When we got to the gardens, I was instantly drawn to the cute chickadees hopping from tree to tree and the buff lizards that liked to do push-ups. So much so that I was so ready to just let go of the sketchbook and do some exploration. But of course, we had to pick a spot and draw away. Soon enough, I guess all of us agreed that spending our 6 hour art class solely to draw wasn't going to happen. Our professor joined us for a nice picnic and we proceeded to check out the fruit trees that surrounded our bench - namely peach trees and grape vines. There were rose bushes, daisies and fig trees as well. We felt like little kids, scuttling all over the place and chasing lizards. In the afternoon, it started to get hot and our professor had class dismissed by about 1pm. My galpal and I didn't get enough of the place earlier and decided to stay and check out what else was there. We headed for the gallery where there were interactive areas to learn about green living, energy and water conservation. Mind you, all these were free. Getting to the museums would cost you about $9 for residents and $8 for students. If you'd like to save up on the cash, take the family and the kids to the gift shop/library or the nature exchange, where, according to the website, the nature exchange program is based on the concept "trading items found in nature, which encourages curiosity, discovery and respect of the natural world. Visitors collect, preserve and research items found in nature, from which they earn points based on the item's condition, size and rarity. Best of all, they can earn points for the information they share, either verbally or in the form of reports, journals or photographs."We have yet to try out the cafe or slip in on events but I'm seeing to it that it will happen soon. Honestly, I was a surprised why it took me 4 whole years before I came here. Gardeners and nature-lovers alike will adore this place, no doubt.
5	I love this place during the holidays.  Sure there is a large crowd (so if you don't like those, go early) but these guys pull the stops to dress up the entire space and keep kids of all ages engaged in aesthetics and education.  We will definitely go back for Halloween.  Maybe check out the Easter scene for next year (which sucked at Ethel M Botanical gardens).  Pics Please! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/springs-preserve-las-vegas?select=AbXVuW15cDreljppZ6s4MA#AbXVuW15cDreljppZ6s4MA
4	This is the second time I've been here, but it was just for an Ice Cream Festival they were having. The ice cream fest was FUN. They had tents set up all around so you did have to walk around and find what you were in the mood for. We started with a Rootbeer float, then an ice cream bar and then a sundae to finish it off! They had a DJ going and games were going on for all the kids to play so it was pretty cool. I did go one time last year and it was cool. Hunnie Bunnie really enjoys it here so that's what matters... It's just SO damn hot here in Vegas it's hard to walk around outside and see everything so stay inside for the exhibits! HAHA.
5	Science, nature exhibits, botanical gardens, hiking, trails, live animal shows... this place is awesome!
5	Another family gem in Sin City.  July 4th weekend (Sat) hit it early cuz it was consistantly 110+ degrees.  Took advantage of Bank of America free Museum weekend so free.  Excellent auditorium for show and tell. The cool thing was there was a small camera project on the animal handler up on to a huge 80 x 120 screen for the audience of 100 to see easily and clearly.  Clean, historic, educational, interactive, plenty of family restrooms.  Only went into 1 of the 3 bldgs.  Thanks BoA and Springs Preserve. Lots of volunteers helping.  Only thing guilty was that we humans built a large indoor, a/c museum to display what is naturally outside 100 feet away (boulders, rocks, flash flood room, stuffed animals).  Bad humans, Bad!  We'll be back!
5	Despite the hot weather, our family had a great time here! We will definitely be getting a membership and participating in the tons of events they have to offer!
4	This place has great events for special holidays. I came here for Dia de los muertes and Easter and i liked it both times. I do suggest buying tickets online because the line to purchase the day of does get long. Parking usually is closed off so park in the mall and walk over. Ticket prices aren't that bad. Go early to enjoy games without the long lines inside.
4	This was such a nice escape. My husband asked me to meet him here for lunch one day. Their cafe had a really nice, fresh salad bar. We sat outside and then got to walk around their gardens. It was so nice to see all the different types of plants. They even had tomatoes, lettuce, carrots, and other vegetables growing. Another great aspect of Springs Preserve was their interactive educational areas. The focus was on water conservation, recycling, and environmental issues. Even for adults it was entertaining. I can't wait for cooler weather so we can walk around again!
5	Me and the family love history and nature... this place has it both.My son loved seeing the animals they have on display as well as the flash flood exhibit. Please visit the preserve and support our local wildlife.
5	This is a great place for first time visitors or those with kids.  It's educational and a nice diversion from all the lights, drunkards of Sin City esp if you come here during the cooler times of the year.  Early summer but mid to late summer, it's challenging to be outdoors here.  Luckily, there are strategically placed buildings where you can cool off in between exhibits and shows.  This Spring Preserve provides a history of Nevada, narratives with interactive displays and even a flash flood demo which is really interesting if not a little scary.  (A real flash flood happened in Vegas right after we left)Kiddo went on the insect safari and enjoyed catching a cicada.  There are plenty hanging on the trees and you'll hear the screeching drone of these little creatures.  This place is still in development and I'm sure there will be more to come.  So check it out.   The restaurant here is good.  (See my other posting)
5	Wedding Review!!!Best place to get married in Vegas!! March- early May is perfect time too. Not too hot and all the flowers are in bloom. The staff was super easy going and helpful!! I LOVE Pietra who made everything so easy and worked very well with my coordinator Faith. She even came out and helped us measure and gave us great tips on money saving ideas!!! Also it's very well priced!! I will say the only thing they could improve is the cost of food. That is very high with dinner being around $55 a person and no other option. So I had my wedding there and reception else where. Other wise everything was wonderful!!!!!Lastly, I used their preferred vendors, Faithfully Yours for wedding coordinator and Ed Brunning for Pastor and both were AMAZING!!! Absolutely wonderful people and Pastor Ed I think is a romantic at heart and is very sweet! I added two pictures to the pictures so all the other brides to be could get an idea!!
5	Great family-friendly attraction in Las Vegas that is educational and provides a lot of variety with it's seasonal festivals.  I'm a member and continue to enjoy it year-round with the kids.
5	I love this place! Now if you're into the typical Vegas scene, this place isn't for you. However if you like the outdoors and educational fun, then you'll love this place. I've been here three times now and I enjoy it more and more everytime and I feel like there is something new I discover each time I go. First off, locals and local students get a discounted rate for admission. Once you enter the preserve you'll be taken back by how beautiful the place is. They have botanical gardens, some what of a zoo with various desert animals, trails to walk, and my favorite the Origen Museum (yes that's spelled correctly, it's a mixture of origin and generation). It's beautiful inside and if you go on a hot day it's a nice place to cool down. Overall I would highly recommend this place, granted if you're into the outdoors and education. I also hear they decorate the place during Christmas time, I will definitely be back for that!
5	I take my son here once a week, he loves the playground, seeing the animals and walking thru the botanical garden.  There halloween decorations and event is a must as well!
4	My family visited here when my in-laws came to visit Vegas. We wanted to show them some neat off the strip, non-casino places. This seemed to fit the bill. We mentioned it in passing, they looked at the website, and suggested we go. We got resident tickets, which are much more reasonable. My husband, son, and myself really enjoyed all of the preserves. My in-laws were less than impressed, but I think that was more them than the experience. My son loved Weird (Mad) Science, and the gila monster feeding. He is also obsessed with trains, so the train here was nice for him. I want to go back soon and see all the gardens and travel through at a more leisurely, stress free time. Springs Preserve = A+
5	Went to the Preserve for the Ice Cream Festival...what a better way to spend the day?! It's always a good time seeing all of the exhibits and wandering around. The "grassy" area is awesome for having a picnic or just relaxing while watching the bird show. Excellent place for little kids and for my brainiac teenager alike.
4	Springs Preserve has a lot to offer:1. Introduces kids (and adults) to the flora, fauna, and environmental influences of our fair Mojave desert, specifically the Las Vegas valley.2. Showcases local plants beautifully.3. Provides an awesome outdoor amphitheater for small concerts, beer fests, etc.4. Hosts the weekly "bet on the farm" farmers market.It's not the best in the country in this genre - actually, I refer to it as a poor man's version of the Desert Botanical Garden in Phoenix or the Desert Sonoran Museum in Tucson - but it is the best in Las Vegas, so appreciate it bitches!Bonus: I don't know how much general admission is, but it's free on Thursdays if you go to the farmers market.
5	One of my favorite places to unwind and spend the day.  Something for all ages to enjoy.  Also the gift shop and restaurant are unique and a treat.  check out their homepage as there is always an event, class or tour going on.  Also watch for their bi annual native drought tolerant plant sales held in the spring and fall.  I highly recommend getting a membership is you are a resident.  You'll receive their monthly newsletter and discounts on their educational gardening and cooking classes.
5	I can't believe I have lived here 10 years and this is my first trip!  Tons of stuff to see and learn it was too hot while we were there to go outside and the museum was closed on the day we were there.  We will be back to go see the rest now that the weather is cooled of.There is a nice Cafe and Gift shop next to the gift shop is a small library.  I think it would be a great place to spend the day exploring with a family.  Vegas needs more clean fun for families I had a great time.
4	It was a beautiful fall day in Las Vegas and my out of town guests decided our destination would be Springs Preserve.  The cactus garden is excellent with a wide variety of flora.  The flowers are well cared for and were in bloom, thus enhancing the display.  The museum is good, but somewhat small, took about an hour to see it all.  The interactive flood exhibit is the bomb but you will get wet if you get too close.  The live animals were interesting but there are not a lot of them.   The Nevada museum is included in the price of admission and is very interesting but even smaller. A 15 minute walk from dinosaurs to showgirls will give you the modern day taste of what nevada is all about.  Some of it is very interesting.  The science show is the highlight of the museums and kids will love the MAD SCIENCE. We didn't get to ride the train but we did get to crack our own geode.
5	To start with: we live four hours away, but after visiting here on the first day of our vacation we became members. This preserve is GREAT. It is fantastic for families, as well as anybody who is interested in gardening, eco-conscious building and design, and a little bit, of local history.Our kids LOVED the "flash flood" simulator. It's neat, and a great introduction for folks who don't understand the power of this natural phenomena. The history exhibits were neat, but the kids didn't leave me much time to look closely at them. There are a few local animals on display that we really loved looking at. The gardens were fantastic and extensive. My wife and I could easily have spent an entire day there. Maybe I'm a rube (okay, I am a rube) but perhaps the coolest thing they have there are these round benches and spheres supported on water that you can move even though they're enormous chunks of granite -- hard to explain, amazing to see.When we were all tired and hunger we went to the cafe, which blew us away. The food was actually very good, served quickly, and at a perfectly reasonable price. I would actually consider going there just for lunch if I lived nearby. Overall it was simply a great nature preserve and we look forward to returning soon. Thanks Springs Preserve!
4	I'd always been curious about Springs Preserve but of course it took Tails and Trails to get me there.  I brought along my foster lab and one of my resident dogs to check this place out.  Who knew this gem was hidden right across from the mall.  For this event there were booths, vendors, and raffles and a couple of demos like baking your own dog treats.   We took advantage of walking the trails, paved and unpaved.  I can now add this to my list of where to bring friends that visit that want to experience more then the Strip.  Dogs were only allowed outside so I need to come back and check out the restaurant and the indoor activities and sites.  I only wish they would offer more dog friendly days because this was a lot of fun!
5	Highly recommend this place for kids, especially if you're just visiting Las Vegas:- Outdoors- Super friendly- Great, correctly priced, restaurant- Less than 10min by car from the strip- A variety of stuff going on.It's very easy to spend a day here and have your kids got home wiped out so that you can go big and late in Vegas that evening :)
4	$10 dollars a person to get in. Not bad price. For today if you had an account with BofA then u get in for free. We do not bank with them so paid the fee. We walked around both museums which are well done, educational and clean. I learned a lot about Nevada at the state museum. I was bummed the cafe is closed for renovations. Not sure how long it is closed for but it would be nice to come back and have lunch. We walked around the garden area. Disappointed In the trails. It is just desert landscape surrounded by houses which I could do anywhere. Spent around 3 hours walking around and overall nice relaxing time. I don't think I would come back but it was good to experience at least once.
5	Great day away from the strip. Cab for 2 is $30 so take the city bus instead. Directions are on the preserve website and super easy to follow. There is a mall across the street so you can make a whole day out of it. We took the long paved path and then winded trough the gravel inner paths. The gardens are beautiful.
5	I love toddler story time!!! It's on Thursdays every week and they get to listen to a story and do a craft! Free for members. Why wouldn't I come every week?! Between going for walks, the train rides, the toddler playground and the outdoor kids area behind the outdoor amphitheater they have plenty to do. I'm a little sad that they are closing the cafe now. There is so much to do on weekends for everyone and there always seems to be a festival here for something.
5	Since SP opened it has exceeded my expectations and expanded my mind to areas of horticulture, geology, water conservation, and ways to Go Green than I could ever learn on my own. The classes are a good way to get involved in the community and meet new people. They have meditation, yoga, and other adult education, the monthly calendar will include kid activities too. Learn about specific animals in their habitat, go for a walk along the nature trails, stop and talk with SP employees about the renovation of the restaurant and other improvements. Your entry ticket gets you into the 6 buildings of the indoor part of the museum and that includes Nevada state museum. Walking trails are outdoor and free closing everyday at dusk. Stay tuned to the calendar for events or plan a private occasion yourself. www.springspreserve.orgDid you know that this site is the original location for Las Vegas Springs and so developed this 180 acres project from the Water Authority?
4	Took my grandsons yesterday, President's Day.  We had a great time.  The restaurant was closed, but I knew that so we ate first.  There was a food truck near the front with nice seating close by.  Would have eaten there if I knew.  Bought membership so we can go anytime.  Plenty of learning opportunities for the kids (and me:)).
5	Yelp 100 Challenge 14' * 12/100The Springs Preserve continues to be one of my favorite go-to places when the weather hints at a transition for spring. (Considering all the open areas here, maybe summer is not the best place to check it out) Since I turned 20, I only went to malls for art galleries and annual/semi-annual sales...or if I had no other choice. Other times, I liked to immerse myself in a quiet, naturistic place where birds sing and wind rustles through the leaves. Since I've gotten back into school & work mode, I haven't had a lot of time to spare for my family and mommy, it being her day off on Monday, asked if we could have a picnic together. We both got up early, got ourselves tickets to the garden (it's free) and had a nice breakfast in one of the shaded tables next to the gallery. The weather was perfect that day, 75 degrees, warm enough for t-shirts and sunblock. We had a nice chat before heading to the artistically landscaped gardens. Recently, the preserve unraveled their new solar house - desertsol - open for people who are interested in sustainable living and looking for inspiration on how to build themselves an environmentally friendly house. I believe it's only available for viewing upon a general admission ticket purchase but from what I've heard, it's definitely worth it. New harvests have begun to bud, revealing tomato leaves and all sorts of beautiful flowers.It's a great get away from hype that Vegas is and offers a relaxing atmosphere for nature lovers. If only it won't rain tomorrow (not complaining, I love the occasional gloomy days :), I'd been looking forward to their mardi gras event all week.
5	Lots of things to see and do!  Keep an eye out on their website for events and exhibits!
5	Today I visited the toddler time event they have on Thursdays.  The storyteller is great with the kids. My little one had fun sponge painting.  We then walked the gardens and had some lunch.  When I was there Saturday the cafe was not very impressive. Service was bad and orders were messed up. And I asked for milk for the toddler and they had no milk to buy. Today was so much better. I wanted to thank everyone working up there!
3	Suffice it to say that I wish Springs Preserve was as good as the concept, but in reality this is essentially just a paid-admission public park.  $9.95 for NV residents and their families with great discounts on memberships I'm happy to support the vision of the team behind the preserve and I even enjoyed the Davinci exhibit for a little while, but when it comes right down to it there is not much to bring you back here after a single visit save for the occasional concert in the park.
3	I'm going to write a review even though I never made it past the ticket counter. Therefore this review will cover policy and not the preserve itself. After checking admission prices on their website ($18.95 per adult) I decided to go to the preserve to take pictures. At the ticket window I was told the price was $26.95. When I pointed out the price quoted online I was told they were charging an additional $8.00 per adult because it was the "Ice Cream Festival." I decided to leave instead of starting an argument. I suggest that you call and ask about prices before driving out to the preserve and potentially wasting your time.
4	First time here so we bought the regular tickets which by the way you can put towards an annual membership. Really fun place to go. All kinds of things to see and learn.Gave them a four star instead of five because there were a few of exhibits that were not functioning. The Nevada history Museum right next door is really cool as well. Your ticket get you into both. There are a number of trails that you can walk and look at the different types of plants and then there's a botanical garden that is really cool but I recommend going in the morning before gets too hot. Great deal on family fun!
5	Wonderful place to bring your kids for fun and education :-) I love it here!  Very well kept, lots of cool events and classes, plenty of fun things for kids to do. And locals get a discount on admission, which is always great!
5	I had been meaning to check out the SP in the daytime but never got around to it.. So I only knew of it from what I had experienced at the Grapes and Hops event.. I finally dragged my man on a hot summer day and we had sooooo much fun.. Even if you go on a scorching hot day you will still beat the heat when you go indoors because it is so nice and cool inside. EVERYONE who works here is so nice and you can tell that they really love the SP. We tried to look at everything but we for sure missed a few things.. Some things that I really enjoyed were the history of the Springs Preserve short film, the flash flood demonstration and the cute fox that lives outside..We also had lunch at their cafe on the patio and the food exceeded our expectations!We can't wait to go back :]
4	A good place to visit every so often. Husband and I have taken our daughter about 6 times since we've bought the yearly pass. It's fun to go to the festivals they have such as the ice cream and Aloha festivals they had over the summer. My little one likes the playground to climb around, the small cute animal section, and looking at the exhibits.
3	My wife went there recently during the week with a few friends. It was a Monday afternoon. She said it was not what she expected. It was a neat experience but not as many animals as she thought. 10 bucks to get in for locals and that seemed kinda steep after she got in and realized how minimal the park was.  Also it was over 100 degrees and there was not a drop of water to be had. Every water fountain she stopped at....it said out of order.  This is very dangerous for visitors. They should have water available st all times.
3	The preserve had very beautiful plants and art features. However I didn't see any animals. The food at the Divine Cafe was excellent, and the view is AMAZING.
5	As a wild life and nature buff this is like Disneyland for us.  A treat for the little ones and parents alike.  We haven't had educational museums of this caliber in the valley before this opened up.  High quality exhibits.  The theme of the springs is sustainable and eco-responsible living.  Examples are shown throughout every building and landscape.  From cool recycled glass and recycled tire rubber landscaping options to re-purposed materials used in modern ways.     There is also a natural aspect that forms about half of the exhibits, from a grand desert garden displaying the plants native and temperament to desert conditions.  To a critter section that houses beaded lizards, desert Iguanas, collared lizards, whip tail lizards, desert tarantulas, gopher snake, diamondback rattlers, desert hares, cave bats, little desert foxes and many native insects.  After you tour all this you can actually go for a short stroll through the actual spring that basically founded the original pioneers and natives of Las Vegas.The indoor exhibits range from local art, a theater that shows a short movie about the history of the spring and some very cool live animal shows at times.  Then there is a section that has taxidermy displays of the original springs flora and fauna.  An area dedicated to the geographic formation of Redrock canyon and the surrounding valley.  *The coolest part is the flash flood exhibit!  Every 7 minutes a video shows the importance of escaping from flash floods.  Then about 500 gallons of water flushes under your feet!  You may get a bit wet.**  Next examples of early native Paiute tribal life up to the first whitey-settlers establishing the founding of the town.  Following a section dedicated to the building of the Hoover Dam which then ushers in the economic strength that leads up to the extravagant Las Vegas we know today.  After this they go into detail about how much waste the city produces today and the importance of making responsible changes now to ensure a better future.  The ORIGEN building displays modern examples of "greener" home appliances and building materials & electric cars.  Sustainable living is showcased here.  There is a Nature Exchange where kids can get their grubby paws on natural leaves shells different minerals fossils and insect husks.  They can even bring in some that they have found and trade them for other natural objects on a very fair point scale basis.  Such as a peice of petrified wood can be exchanged for 1000 point items or equivalent of 1000 points of sea shells or a fossil and such.  Very cool and interactive!They have a play ground and a train that runs through the spring area or you can even rent bicycles to cruise around also.  The holiday events are awesome gatherings for the kids.  There is a restaurant focused on healthy dining.  So much to see and do, but only if you can appreciate it.  No roller coasters no action heroes and no commercial brain mushing.  I highly recommend this for wholesome eco-friendly families.
5	We have a family membership because we love this place so much.  Our nanny takes our baby girl at least once a week.  There is a little park for kids to play (make sure to bring sun protection & plenty of water in the summer).  When I was on maternity leave, I walked the trails with the baby in the stroller.  A great family friendly place in Sin City.  There are two museums on Nevada history which also provide much relief from the heat & sun.  They frequently have events and hosted the Cirque Du Soleil 5k run this year.  We went to the Ice Cream Festival several weeks ago and attended the Day of the Dead Festival last year.  There is even meeting spaces, they also host birthday parties and I've seen a couple of weddings taking place.  The membership is worth it for locals. So much to see & do.
4	You'll need Lady Luck on your side to tear your friends away from the seductive sights and sounds of The Vegas Strip to go to a preserve. Unless you have a friend like me. I volunteer to go to zoos and gardens. As a matter of fact, my inner child glows with glee at the thought.Springs Preserve is only 5 miles off The Strip but it might as well be in a different ecosystem. Instead of losing your hard-earned greens, you'll see lush native greenery. Instead of going wild, you'll get to see plenty of wildlife unique to this desert landscape.Knowing it's up against some alluring competition, this zoo/botanical garden is designed to be highly entertaining while still educating the public. One of the more creative exhibits include a show-and-tell featuring small animals like scorpions with a live cam that projects onto a large screen.The grounds are massive at 180 acres with multiple buildings, gardens, and even hiking trails. If you can't cover it all, I advise not missing the Origen Museum and the patio view from second-floor Springs Cafe. The Sustainability Gallery is quite a walk away at the other end but has neat displays on energy conservation. The preserve officially closes at 6, but it seems like many of the activities and workers clear out around 4 pm. We wanted to take the train ride but found it already retired by that time, contrary to what the brochure said. Tickets are $19 for non-resident adults and half that much for NV residents. It also includes admission to the Nevada State Museum which we didn't even have time to visit. Considering how much I saw and learned, I consider myself lucky to have gone, much luckier than I would have been at the casino tables.
4	If I'm going to make a synopsis, I like to call this review everything you need to know about water in Las Vegas.The answers and so much more are in the plants, animals, and people who live and stay here despite the heat.Nevada was wetter and greener million of years ago, and in the Origen Museum, one gets to know the geographical and climactic changes that bring us to the present desert metropolis. It's a story of survival and the master plan of thriving in extreme dry and hot conditions.  You'll see a simulated (very cool) flash flood and although educational and interactive, sad desert animals like the Gila Monster and grey wolf enclosed in a glass at the animal exhibit outside of the museum. Hooray Hoover Dam  because it helped sustain the thirst of desert dwellers and tourists; and Yeepee to the recycling and conservation efforts of everybody.In the same vicinity, you can visit the multi level botanical garden and the desert solar house, lots of succulents and cacti for the prickly eye to enjoy and an award winning sustainable set-up. And as if you can't get enough of walking, there's also a trail for hikes and bikes that the whole family will enjoy.Plan half a day at least because there's really a lot to do here, they have lectures, events, and revolving exhibits; and if you have the whole day and active legs, check out its neighbor Nevada State Museum because it comes free with your admission to Springs Preserve. Bring a picnic or eat on their cafe, it is going to be a chill day I promise.
5	really love the Springs Preserve, being a Las Vegas native (born and raised 30+ years), I can truly appreciate the SP. Their cafe is delicious with amazing views of the valley. Most importantly, it is a great place to appreciate nature and learn about interesting topics. The exhibits are always top notch and the recent opening of the Butterfly Exhibit is sure to attract many nature lovers. Unlike other botanical gardens, the SP lets you get up close and personal with their plants and inhabitants. Their Butterfly exhibit boasts hundreds of butterflies fluttering around in an open environment allowing you the ability to interact with them, all while educating yourself on their life cycle, dietary needs, and more. Just be sure to watch your step!I would highly recommend the SP for families and people interested in education in a fun interactive way.
4	This is a great family friendly place with lots to do.
3	It was pretty but there seem to be nobody working there, and things were arranged in a weird way, anyway the biggest disappointment was the butterfly habitat, we asked before purchasing the ticket if it was worth it, the cashier said that there were about 500 butterflies, we get in and we find approximately 30 and in the description there were 6 different types and we only saw 2, I don't mind to see only little butterflies but at least don't lie to me
1	Tried to go to the Haunted Harvest and not only were the lines way long and not moving but the server was down and there was zero staff communication about any of it.
4	My kids have been coming here for halloween each year. I find that candy wise its not that great but they do provide a halloween show, crafts, petting zoo, haunted maze and games. I think we go here just for a halloween event but not for candies. They give out little toys here and there (i dont think it's that great) but I think my kids just love coming and dressing up. I think they do a good job making it safe and fun for the kids.
4	This is a fun place to go but I would think twice next year for Halloween. We bought tickets on line ahead of time and that line was taken up by the people that had to still buy there tickets. The lines were crazy and the place inside once we got inside it was just as crazy but fun. One time is good enough for me and my family. Every1 should go at least one time. Remember if u have a stroller its not as easy to get around in the dark.
5	One of my favorite places in vegas
3	A bit overpriced but worth checking out. The cost is about $18 a person for non-Nevada residents which is a bit steep but the museum has interesting exhibits including the history of Vegas, the changes in geology over millions of years (Vegas was once an ocean), and an interactive exhibit on what it's really like to experience a flash flood. When I was there, they also had a seasonal exhibit on deadly plants that was worth checking out.They also have a 2 mile bike trail which is worth a look, it's a little expensive at $8 plus the cost of your admission but offers a look at a marsh in the middle of the desert and a scenic overlook.It's only about 5 miles from the Strip (you can even see Stratosphere from here) but you feel like you're removed from the city.
4	Pros:   Modern decor   Nice cafeteria   Nice views   Decent amount of things to do   A few museums   Train ride and biking rentals   Plenty of parkingCons:   Tickets a buy pricey for non Nevada residents
5	I came here a couple of times. Springs Preserve is a great place for a family or friends visit. There is a children's playgrounds, hands-on museuna, mini-zoo with lots of amusing activities, bike rentals, train ride, and more. For the adults, learn about the local history or flora and fauna. The State Museum, which is located on the property tells of Las Vegas's past and present; the city's geology, economy, and social structure. There is also walking trail. The Preserve also features a replica of a Native American village, complete with audio commentaries and interesting stories on local traditions, myths, and History.  They also varieties of events such as culinary, photography, festivals etc
4	I debated giving the Springs Preserve 3 stars, but decided to go with 4 because my kids were too young for most of the indoor exhibits.  I'd definitely wait until your children are at least 5 to come here. The museum exhibits were great! I especially enjoyed the traveling "poisonous plant" exhibit and the "flash flood" experience. The trails and amphitheater were perfect for families, but the playground was only appropriate for 5 and under.  There wasn't much for older kids to do.My only real complaint about our visit was the cost.  We just didn't get enough out of the experience to spend $60 for a family of four, plus all of the extra charges for activities once we got in.
5	This place is truly spectacular. It's a hidden gem in Vegas. The botanical gardens were incredibly beautiful, and the train ride a delight. I would highly recommend this experience for anyone with kids in particular. There's a great little play area, in addition all the other attractions.
5	Why gamble with your money when you can come here and gamble with your time?JUST KIDDING this place is cool.
2	I rented their meeting space for an event. I was disappointed in how dark it was and how poor the signage was for my event. I understand that the timing of my event didn't help, but it was pitch black and was hard to find the main entrance for my guests. Unfortunately I will not return for that kind of event again. The staff was excellent to work with up to the event and the day of though.
5	This is an amazing place and were so bummed that we had to leave because we had a dinner date to rush off to across town. Vegas isn't just for gambling!  This preserve is fun but also highly educational. We were able to experience a simulated flash flood, explore the habitat of desert animals and to learn about poisonous plants and a creative exhibit. We also saw an "off the grid" house that was built by students from the University of Nevada.  And there is so much more to see!  We will definitely be going back, very soon.  Oh!  Also the staff was friendly and helpful. They obviously love their jobs!  But who wouldn't?
