5	The hall of fame for the most storied franchise in hockey. One of the Original Six, the Canadiens have hoisted Lord Stanley's Cup a record 24 times. This interactive museum is an entertaining way to learn about the team, the game, its history and the legends of it. There are a bunch of old sweaters, skates, sticks and pucks marking all sorts of history. I really enjoyed learning about the rivalries of old and how the Original Six used to travel by trains from game to game. Something for everyone here. A must for hockey fans and a great stop for anyone else. Be sure that you see: -The Introductory film about the Canadiens -The oldest known Habs sweater -Howie Moretz's crutches -Legendary rookie cards -The Rocket's 500th goal stick and puck -The torch used to close the Forum -The Q and A with Jean Beliveau -Savard's jersey from the 1972 Summit Series -Patrick Roy's 1993 Stanley Cup Finals jersey -The Great One's game-used stick and jersey from his rookie season
5	I went here with my parents, to give them the full Canadian/Canadien experience in Montreal. It's a great collection of memorabilia, gear, photos, and other media. We had a guided tour (included as part of the admission price) which was fantastic - the guide was really enthusiastic and knowledgeable. As a late inductee in to the Church of the Montreal Canadiens, I loved it. My parents - about as knowledgeable about ice hockey as you would expect people from a city with temperatures between 14C and 21C all year round - also really enjoyed it, and would recommend it to anyone coming to Montreal, even if you're not a die-hard fan.
3	This is a great place...if you are a Habs fan, however if you are a general hockey fan, you might be slightly disappointed.  You can walk the entire exhibit in about 30-40 minutes and that's if you read every single thing.  It's very small compared to the Hockey Hall of Fame in Toronto.  I guess that is kind of expected as this is the Candiens Hall of Fame. However, I did learn some interesting facts such as:-The "H" in the Canadiens logo stands for 'hockey' not 'Habitants'.  -Back in the olden days, rookies had to sleep on the upper car of the train, which I can imagine would be quite dusty while the veterans got the coveted lower compartments.  -Looking at the captains of the Habs, it's quite sad that it has gone from legends such as Serge Savard, Henri Richard, Bob Gainey and deteriorated to Brian Gionta.  I'm not even a Habs fan and it's just depressing.  Anywho, I digress.  Some things I liked:-Got to see all the main goalies of the Canadiens past and I have the utmost respect for Jacques Plante, who is basically the "inventor" of the goalie mask.  -The locker room is kind of cool.-Not too pricey at $11.  What could be improved:-There could be more interactive exhibits.  -Not really a tourist stop, but more of a "passing by" place.Verdict:  It's one of those things you should stop by and see if you love hockey and it is on your way, otherwise unless you are a die-hard Habs fan, it's nothing special.
