4	To me, most nail shops are pretty much the same- but there was something about Nail Country that has me coming back. (and it is not the "flowery country" theme). I walked in without an appointment a couple weeks ago for a pedicure.  The staff was very friendly and attentive to their customers. Unlike other shops, the staff were not talking to each other in Vietnamese, which always makes me self conscious that they are discussing my toes.  There are 2 flat screen TVs, plenty of current magazines, and they even gave me a cold bottled water. So while I sat in my spa massage recliner chair enjoying my back massage, catching up on the Hollywood gossip, sipping my water waiting for my nails to dry- I went ahead and scheduled another appointment for a manicure with Helen. I came back for a gel manicure ($40) and along with my pedicure they still look fabulous 2 weeks later!
5	I have been going to Nail Country for over a year now and have never had a bad experience.  The people are very friendly, promoting a positive and comfortable atmoshere and customer appreciation is a high priority here.
5	Lee and Ashley are the most wonderful manicurists I have ever been to. Everywhere I go I am stopped to ask where I get my nails done. They are super friendly and I have never ever been dissapointed in any design they have created. Please go see them!! You will be so glad you did!
5	A friend had referred me to this place for gel glitter manicures. I had lee and he really took his time and handled my horrible nails and made them fresh and new. And that's a feat seeing how I'm a nail biter and picker. Spoke English the whole time place was clean. Were friendly and talkative actually listened to what I wanted. Very satisfied. Cheap prices for manicures and pedicures. Glad I found a place that cares about quality and not just your money.
5	This is it! This is the place! And Lee is the man! My nails are grateful!I didn't feel like I just walked in on people talking about me. Because they didn't carry on conversations amongst each other in Vietnamese, I felt comfortable and at ease.
5	Love love love this shop! I stumbled on it while heading to Whole Foods on Lake Mead and it was well worth the visit. I was greeted with a warm welcome when entering, the service was prompt and Lee gave the best pedi and mani!!!! He took his time, he engaged in conversation with me, and my nails look great. I'm not a frequent nail shop goer, but when I go I want the experience to be enjoyable, fun, and relaxing. Lee and the rest of the team made that happen for me. The best nail service I've had in the LV. If you want quality service, at affordable prices, and good convo hit up Nail Country (....and don't let the funky name sway you...)
5	Took my step-daughter here today to get a pedi and gel mani for her birthday. They were absolutely fantastic! They made her feel special for her birthday and they did a fantastic job on both the pedi and our gel manis. I love the punch card they do. 10 stamps gets you $10 off. I will definitely be back here again!
5	Started coming here about 9 months ago. Went to a salon that destoyed my nails, Tonya was my nail life saver!!!! Ever since I have not gone anywhere else. The quality of nail products are amazing! All the technicians have creative ideas for nail art and are very friendly!  Thank you Ms.Tonya!!
2	I stopped in here because it was in the area of another errand I was running. I am  not impressed. I think Charlie did my mani/pedi. He took a lot of care in doing my gel color manicure but it was 2 days and they already started chipping on multiple nails. Then he forgot I wanted a pedi as well, I had to remind him before he tried to shuffle me out the door. He was apologetic and did an alright job on my pedicure. Was a tad rough with the pumice stone on my feet but I can handle it.  He also decided to answer his phone in the middle of my pedi, talked back and forth with other workers in their language. Then made another call. He apologized again but by this point I just wanted my experience to be over and never return.The employees were nice enough, the place on the edge of cleanliness. Prices were competitive. Polish colors were plentiful.I hadn't gotten a mani/pedi in a while...I wish I had a better experience.
5	I followed Tanya to this salon and have never been more happy that I did!  Everyone in the shop is nice and the atmosphere is very laid back. What keeps me coming in, though, is Tanya: her technique and nail art cannot be rivaled in this city!  Just check out the photos if you doubt this!  My nails last longer than with any other tech I've been to, and they never lift. Go see her, but call ahead, because she can book up!
1	Nail tech didnt speak english. I had to talk to other employees so they could instruct her on what was going on. I wanted matte black gel polish with shiny tips.Fistly I thought the matte black came out as such but no. It must be painted, dried have alcohol added to it then filed matte. Ugh I was expecting a smooth buffed finish. .. sike.Then to top it off around the cuticles its still shiny and they didnt clean around the edges..Even tho its the cheapest ariund being $20 for gel, not worth the extra translations and half a$$ed job..
5	I love this place, I'm not a regular but the few times I've came it's been great!! I only get pedicures and they are very thorough and take their time. I come on Mondays and it's never an issue getting helped right away!! This is the place to go :)
5	I love this nail place.. Tanya is my #1 nail lady. Always go to her.. Some ppl may say it is pricy but well worth ur money. U get what u paid for... Try it out and u won't go anywhere else.
5	Clean place,  nice Vietnamese people, loved my mani and pedi.  The mani was gel that lasted for almost 3 weeks,  (my nails grew) darn! Great prices!
5	Amazing!!!!!! I just had one of the best pedicures of my life. I'm brand new to Las Vegas and pedicures are my way of just relaxing and enjoying an hour of my afternoon! I will most definitely frequent this place!
5	This place is amazing! I've done acrylics for years and this is by far the best place I've been. They took me right away (I was a walk-in) and had so many gel colors it was hard to pick! Charlie, my manicurist, took his time and made them all even and perfectly smooth, I have no bumps or bubbles for the first time ever. Everyone was really nice and they'll do whatever they can to accommodate you. Definitely coming back when I want a new color.
2	I'm not really sure what rating this place deserves. I've been here a couple times, but today really killed any good thoughts I had about them.  THE FASTEST PEDICURE OF MY LIFE. I left the house at 11 am, was back home by 11:30 am.  I'm not sure what the guys name was, but I've never seen someone move so fast on my feet.  When he told me he was done, and the lady that was sitting next to me (who had sat down at the same time I did) wasn't even at the polishing stage, i was pissed!  I work in heals all week long and I was totally looking forward to sitting down, relaxing and getting a nice pedicure!  The guy told me that the lady next to me had "add ons" my response to that was, so did I! I added a $5 sugar scrub, which lasted about 30 seconds!! He didn't even rub in all my lotion, he wiped it off with a hot towel.  They offered to restart.  But honestly, on top of the worlds fastest timing, the guy was killing my toes with the damn nail file and was way to rough with his scrubbing, probably because he was in such a hurry.  I hear that there are certain techs that are worth visiting... Not sure if I'll be back but if I decide to give them another chance I sure as hell won't be letting the same guy do any service for me.
5	This place is great! I'm really particular about how I like my acrylics and this is the first place I've been to that has done them right without having to keep asking. Tonya and Trang (?) are great at pink and whites. I also had the most AMAZING pedicure done by Charlie. My pedicure consisted of a hot stone massage, sugar scrub, mud masque, massage, paraffin dip AND the normal pedicure treatment with gel polish. Charlie took his time and spent over an hour on my pedicure which was heaven considering I'm a cocktail waitress and wear high heels all day. Never going anywhere else!!
4	This is my second visit.  Charlie does for me a 'hot build-a-nail' that lasts for weeks!  It is expensive, $55, but considering I don't have to go back but once every three weeks,  it's worth it.  I'm a bartender,  do I am very hard on my nails.  I usually have to go in for a repair on my index finger after a week,  but it's free and quick.
5	Wow, amazing place and service! I absolutely hate when my nails look janky and ratchet as hell and boy, was it looking ratchet today. Thanks to Lee, my nails, also known as my mini claws, look fantastically fantastic! I'm 110% happy with them and feel like I'm ready to conquer anything. He did an amazing job. He shaped them the way I wanted it, thinner and pointier. He was also funny and seemed down to earth. The salon is located in a nice complex next to Gold's Gym and the inside of the salon looks good. I went right when they opened because it was an emergency for me haha. There were a bunch of regular nail polishes to choose from, like every shade of one color they have! There's also a laaaarge selection of OPI and Essie nail polishes. Amazing.I got my stiletto acrylics re-polished and it was 7 for regular polish and 20 for gel. I went with the gel because that's such a reasonable price for a wonderful service. He shaped, buffed, colored, dried every coat of polish, massaged lotion in my hands, and put a hot towel over them. My nails look super shiny like it should be in a commercial and there are no bubbles or sparse areas. You also get a rewards card of some sort and every time you go, you get it stamped and once you fill it up, you get 10 dollars off your next visit. I thought that was brilliant. I found my go to nail salon. Forever coming back to get my nails done. I'm thinking Mother's Day mani pedi here :) PERFECT!
1	One of the worst set of nails I have had.This was my first visit as I just moved into the area and desperately searching for a new nail home. I decided to start with the most basic nail as to not risk more money than necessary, white tips and straight acrylic. The girl (young sits in last chair on the left) chose tips far too small for my nail beds and then left lumps and different lengths. I didn't even stay for polish nor the gel overlay I had originally told her I wanted. $30 (WA over-priced for a simple acrylic nail) I left for home to correct the damage. Just hope they manage to have staying power for the next couple weeks.
4	When visiting a friend in Summerlin, NV, we ran out with our kids in tow and decided to get our nails done here. She has been before and was not kidding when she said this place is big enough to be comfortable, clean and has such a large selection of gel polishes for your nails with a true match option for your toes. That is great, so that the toes match the hands and you don't have to put the gel on your toes since it does cost a few dollars more usually.The location is is a very busy business shopping center with some fun stores around...too many to mention...They have a waiting area with only a couple of chairs, not good in my opinion. BUt the pedi chairs are in great shape and are cozy and the massaging features are nice. The paint colors for nails and toes is super, they use high end gel and O.P.I. products only....Very clean.My technicican, Charlie (a real funny and personable man) was friendly, funny and knowledgeable about the terminology of women and nails and technique. I appreciate a man who knows what he is doing and wants to keep his customers happy. Didn't suggest something Ididn't need in order to get more money, accomodated what my daughters' and I wanted. Our nails and toes look fabulous and we are extremely happy. Love it, will be back again for sure.
1	I normally get my nails done by my manicurist on Fort Apache. However, this was right next to my work and I wanted to get it over with and try something new.**BIGGEST MISTAKE EVER**I left this place feeling disappointed and grossed out. 1)They reuse their nail filers and buffers. 2) The guy did a really uneven coat (some areas had the color and the other areas you saw my nail) so I told him I didn't like it. He removed it with the mechanical buffer thing. I didn't realize it until I got home and felt a stinging when I was cutting onions but he ended up buffing off my skin too! It wasn't just one finger too!3) A client came in and was waiting for my manicurist. While I was picking a new color (he blamed it on the polish for the uneven job) I hear him telling the client that he was behind because I didn't like what he did. Which made me feel rushed and annoyed. 4) After I picked my color, he rushed through my gel manicure, put my hand under the UV light and rolled his chair over to the client that was waiting. He took off her gel manicure then came back to me to finish off my manicure. 5) He used his fingernail to remove the polish at the edge of the nail by my skin - f'ing gross6) I watched him when he went to the other client and he used the same supplies he used on me on her. He did not use any new or sanitized items. And that was only my manicure experience ... Lesson of the day:Never cheat on your nail lady.
5	This place is amazing .. Have came here several times and everyone does such a great job .. Must go place
4	I've had my nails done here several times and have gotten both manicures and pedicures and have always left pleased with the service! From prior experiences with other nail places here in Vegas, I've become hesitant to have high expectations but Nail Country is an exception!
5	They always do an amazing job for an awesome price. They're all very friendly and kind, the way a business should be run!
