3	Best Western McCarran Inn we gave you 3.25 stars.  Among these were the friendly staffs that you have and were accomodating to our needs.A place we stay when we made 2 stop overs from our drive.One the drive from Salina, UT to Vegas.  Another reason why we made Vegas for a rest stop was to visit our Singaporean fren who lives here in Vegas.Another stop from San Diego back to Colorado. The first time we were there was on Sunday July 20th 2008.   Just 1 night.  We did not make any reservation at all but were so lucky to find a room for that night.  We found the deal discount booklet we got from Salina, UT.  It was just a decent room with the same amenities.  The room its situated away from the traffic and its on the ground floor.The second time we went to Best Western McCarran were on July 30th 2008.  This time around we got the room that is located on the 3rd floor and the noise from the very near McCarran International Airport can be a nuisance to others.  We got no choice but we need a room for the night before our drive 13 to 15 hours drive all the way back to Colorado.Both different rooms has internet access wireless that we used to hook up our lappies.  So that's another 2 thumbs up for us.
2	Stayed here because we booked too late for Labor Day Weekend '04.  Non-smoking room smells like smoke.Not on the strip, but is pretty close.  Room is very basic, and was not impressive at all, but hey, you get what you pay for.  I remember the beds being super comfortable, but that could have been in large part to the fact that I drank every night that I was there, lol.Housekeeping is not 24 hours and they would call us constantly while we were sleeping to try to clean the room. ANNOYING!There was a creepy guest staying there with his wife and kids who kept trying to invite himself to me and my friend's room.  Ewww....ok that probably has nothing to do with Best Western, lol.Would never stay again by choice, but it's better than nothing.  Can get something better for the same price.
4	Unfortunately, it wasn't a "typical" booze and debauchery filled Vegas trip, and I needed a quick and easy place to stay. I wasn't expecting much given the reviews - but it was one night, and you can pretty much withstand anything for one night, right?Fortunately for me, I had a pleasant stay! It's location is close enough to the the freeway, but far enough from the strip. For people that actually want to enjoy the strip though, they do offer a shuttle service.The staff was friendly and courteous. We didn't check in until close to midnight, and their printer wasn't working. Instead of making us wait forever, they "manually" checked us in and told us not to worry about the paperwork until the morning. Check out was probably the fastest checkout I've ever experienced. The room itself was surprisingly roomy for a standard. No complaints on cleanliness either (thank goodness!), and beds were comfy.Also: free parking, free wifi, and free continental breakfast - the trifecta of hotel conveniences. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll probably stay on the strip (because, that IS vegas, after all), but if I'm ever in a situation where I need a quick place to stay - I'll opt for this little place.
4	Pretty comfortable beds and nice front desk folks including two women who must have lost ther jobs as Top Models. The breakfast bar area is small and cramped and you will be rubbing elbows with every foeigner on the way to the airport. The food there is not great, not even good, nothing hot and tiny bagels, not full size. Coffe is good and they bake cookies at random times in the afternoon. New Mexican place is good around corner. Some homeless in area, some rooms like 211 are near the housekeepers area, so it gets noisy a bit early. Free WiFi is great and fast and obviously location is great for airport. I only heard planes rumble overhead one day and that might have been because of changed traffic patterns, but overall plane noise not a real prioblem. Book on the website and save at least $20 a night with Internet Only fees selected in dropdown box. Nice executive chair also, but vanity has no room for anything.
4	Stayed here for one night this past weekend with my family, we were expecting a motel type of hotel but we were wrong. The 2 Queen Bed room we got was very comfortable and elegant (though not comparable to Strip hotels, it was still nice.)The staff were very nice and they have a free continental breakfast (bagels, cereal, waffles and your choice of coffee, milk or hot chocolate). We got a pretty good deal online when we were looking for a place to stay just for one night and this hotel did not disappoint.Only thing I did not like was the one-way entrance to the hotel then you'll have to go around just to go back to the strip. Noise from the airport wasn't that much of a bother but then again we were on the first floor so noise wasn't that bad. Make sure to ask for a room on the first floor.
3	The sheets were clean, flat screen tv nice, bed very comfortable, pillows nice and firm, but the carpet needs to be steam cleaned twice or just replaced. minus 2 stars
2	Breakfast was good, but the shuttle service sucked!! Always late!
2	Stayed here overnight on trip back to California.Pros:- Complementary breakfast- Free Wi-Fi- Comfortable beds & decent size room.- Spacious entry & nice modern look.Cons:- Crazy small parking lot with almost no room! Had to park next to someone already double parked.- Hard to access with one way streets on each side.- * Free shuttle to the strip was nice, but they didn't pick up at the stated time, nor in the spot they said the would. We arrived 10 minutes before the said arrival at the Tropicanna (where they said they pick up) and they never came for the last pick up. I had to call the hotel. Al they said was they had already been there and would not come back. - Noisy from airportThe bottom line:Not a good shuttle service. Decent rooms but shuttle service was aweful! Felt like they lied to me. Left 4 of us to take a cab back. Sucks.
4	Don't expect Vegas Glitzy. This is a motel off the end of the runway. It can be a bit noisy. But the staff is friendly, the rooms are economical, AND they have a shuttle to/from the Hard Rock Hotel. If you are coming for CES, the #10 shuttle route picks up across from Hard Rock at Alexis Park hotel. Other events may run similar routes. Save a few hundred $$$ by staying at the Best Western. After all, you will only be sleeping there.
5	Well this hotel wasn't what I expected, the exterior made me question the interior. I was pleasantly surprised at the appearance of my room. 1. Clean carpet 2. Decor was not substandard it was on the same level as a Marriott or embassy. The staff also where accomadating, very pleasant and willing to go out of there way. Breakfast wasn't exactly the best however it was better than most. Finally the price for all that is offered I would say is actually a steal. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.
3	We decided to stay here on NYE because it was a lot cheaper than staying on the strip. It's literally next to the entrance to the airport! We booked it through Hotels.com and got it for a good rate or so we thought. Unlike the other two hotels I booked through Hotels.com, this place charges your credit card/debit card before you arrive/ check. I had deliberately withdrawn all my cash from my account so I could pay for everything in cash therefore my debit card got declined. Because of this, they cancelled our reservation and we had no choice but to get a room with their rate which came out to be about $50-60 more! They are located about 1.5 mile from the Strip and yet do not offer any shuttle buses! Like I said, it is literally next to the entrance of the airport so it does get really loud! I'm giving them three stars because their staff is friendly, there's free wifi, free breakfast (which was pretty decent) and their rooms are clean and comfy!
