5	Tammy was wonderful with my fill and shellac polish.  She had a great attention to detail and ensured they looked perfect.  Anne did my pedicure. I sprung for the reflexology pedicure and was in heaven. Such a long massage and great detail to ensure my toes look just as good as my fingers. They have won me over!!! Definitely come here for quality and friendly service! !
1	I will say they wete definitely thorough....i was there for quite awhile getting a mani/pedi. Glad i didn't have anywhere to be. I was nicked twice and bled. My polish is already chipped and smeared from normal wear...less than 24 hours. I have a couple big red marks on one leg from too "vigourous" a scrub massage. My heels are tender from the same over-enthusiasm with the scraper thing. It was $50 for the mani-pedi....most places offer a deal for the combo and i was very surprised to hear the price.  Bad/Bloody/Expensive....AVOID.
5	This place is really good. They pay a lot of attention to the toes, more so than many places. I've been to the very popular places nearby, and I can't understand the appeal. I think the staff here do a better job. Great work, I'll continue to come back!
2	My friend and I decided to get a Pedicure and came upon this salon.  When we arrived, there weren't any other customers there. They do have a very large selection of different color nail polish to choose from.  We found it a little odd that one of the techs was wearing gloves, and the other was not.  They do spend a lot of time, and do have good attention to detail. My tech accidently cut me a little bit, which he was apologetic for. Before he started the nail polish, he squirted something over my toes (rubbing alcohol perhaps?) which just about made me scream when it hit my cut. When it came to the foot massage/leg rub, it was not pleasant at all. The tech put an exfoliating scrub on my legs, and rubbed my legs for what seemed like forever.  It wasn't really a massage, it felt like they were trying to rub multiple layers of skin off my legs! When it was all done, I was pleased with the way that my feet looked, but it was not a relaxing experience. I will likely not go there again.
4	Go for the reflexology pedicure. It's long, as it takes about an hour and forty five minutes but it is so incredibly relaxing and worth the time. Not quite five stars since the upkeep is lacking, but all staff are very nice and I'm really glad I found this place. I always bring my own polish so I can't rate on selection, but tools are always very clean.
