3	Nice and cozy little spot tucked away in the Carillon building with a jazzy feel. I stopped in for breakfast to try the chicken and waffles but the waffle iron was broken.......really? My second choice was the salmon patties and potatoes which were very good. The patties were nicely sized with a bit of lemony flavor to it. The potatoes were cubed, skin on and seasoned perfectly. On my second visit, the waffle iron was working and I again ordered the chicken and waffles..successfully this time. Perhaps it was just me, but something seemed to be missing from the waffle batter.....it was just bland. The chicken was perfectly fried but could have used more seasoning. I also sampled the red velvet pancake and again I felt something was missing from the batter.....just a red bland pancake. I do plan to try them one last time since I purchased one of the cbs local offers.
4	Bacon Chocolate Pancakes. If that's not reason enough for you to try Bluprint then we can probably never see eye to eye. Bluprint is a little hard to find, hiding in the heart of the Carillon building, you've gotta be looking for it or you won't find it. It's a swanky little spot with, appropriately, a white and blue decorating scheme. The bar looked like a comfy place for after work drinks. The menu had some very intriguing options for breakfast. Their red velvet pancakes are their signature dish, I'm told. The nice lady at the table behind me loved them. I had the bacon and chocolate pancakes and they were delicious. Bluprint has only been open for about 5 weeks apparently, and I heard a couple hiccups in the service for tables nearby, but they seemed to just be growing pains. All the employees I encountered were very nice and eager to please. My server offered me a cup of coffee to go when I paid my bill. A very nice touch. Oh, and my bill, was only $10! Bacon Chocolate pancakes, sausage links, and way more coffee than I should have had, all for $10. A pretty good deal in my opinion.
3	I would like to give this place 3.5 stars.  I have been here several times as it's convenient to work uptown. After a failed attempt at going during their rainy day soft (actually apparently quite hard) opening, I returned to give it a fair shot for Yelp. I have had and definitely recommend the salmon BLT, SAMO omelet, and french toast (with a nice banana marscapone).  I think their turkey bacon is very good, which peps up the otherwise bland turkey club.  I am sad to say I do not recommend the Peace & Love (Chicken and Waffles). Perhaps it was an off day, but the waffles were soft and soggy, and I prefer my waffles more solid and crisp. The construction crew didn't follow the blueprints on that one.  Blech. I also was a bit disappointed by the Walk in the Park. I've had much better strawberry salads before and this left me wanting more.  My coworkers have liked the fries, 4 cheese omelet and were fairly neutral on fish tacos and turkey burger.  The service is friendly but I get the impression everyone's fairly green. It's never a quick experience.The pricing is good and they have great morning breakfast happy hour specials, and 5-7 PM for 1/2 off Appetizers and 1/2 specialty drinks.In general, I'm happy with any place that has breakfast all day, + serves  alcohol.  They just need to work out some of the plans.
3	Well, I feel like I needed a blueprint to find Bluprint...but I finally grabbed breakfast here! Tucked in the Carillon building, Bluprint offers a pretty extensive menu including all-day breakfast items including plenty of creative pancakes, crepes, omelets and more. The restaurant itself is very blue with chic'ish accents all around. When a friend of mine and I grabbed breakfast here the other day around 10 am, we were one of two parties in the restaurant. *crickets*No matter though, our server was friendly and helpful, albeit a bit formal. I went with the apple pancakes - a stack of three with a burnt sugar bourbon sauce on top. While the flavor of the pancakes and sauce was really delicious, the consistency was pretty mushy. I also ordered turkey bacon - again, flavor was fine but the slices were fairly greasy and soggy. I really want to like this place and I plan on heading back again for those bacon & chocolate pancakes or to snag a great omelet, especially because the prices are pretty affordable for creative breakfast fare.
4	This place has great potential! The location is acutally inside of the Carillon building. Would be great for downtown mixers/parties/etc. I do believe they need to become more visible b/c the food is very good, as well as the service.  The decor is  also inviting and clean.  We had the Peace& Love(chicken and waffles--delish), Spinach rolls ( mmm good) and SW Shrimp Salad( fresh and bountiful) Hope they make it because becoming harder to find  clean, good food and great customer service under one roof.
3	I wasn't blown away but Bluprint was still enjoyable.  They are trying hard to get an angle on the lacking breakfast market in the city but it is just going to take some time.. The food is good though and the drinks are cold. The whole environment is designed with a cityscape type of feel and it is very welcoming.  They are still working out the kinks and this place will hopefully make its way through the first few months.  They have daily drink specials and that should help entice some patrons.  I would suggest giving it a try.  Check out my pics.  Enjoy!-Ian M.
2	A group of friends visited for Sunday brunch. We had a reservation and were seated right away. It didn't take long for the server to take our drink orders but it took a bit longer for him to come take our food order. Our group ordered the fruit bowl and chicken and waffles. The fruit bowl did not come with pineapples as listed on the menu and the strawberries were scarce. The bowl primarily consisted of apples with a strange flavor, almost like lemon juice. Our server forgot to bring the beverages we ordered until we were almost done with our food. The fried chicken was bland, overly breaded and overcooked. Hot sauce was served in packets instead of bottles. The waffles looked and tasted like they had been frozen. Overall not a good experience. Would maybe try happy hour next time but definitely not brunch.
1	My wife and I went to Bluprint for Sunday Brunch today and left very disappointed. We are regulars here and we love the atmosphere, the managers, and the food. But you can tell that they are still in a beginners mode with their brunch service. We think the brunch menu was kind of expensive, especially when you can purchase the Peace and Love on the regular menu for 3 dollars less (with no inclusions). Our server was atrocious, to say the least. Our food came very late, after several tables ordered after us, then to make it worse the pancakes were cold and hard. Our server didn't even acknowledge the error nor apologize to us; he just told the manager and he was kind enough to comp our meals. While we like Bluprint still, we will not be back for Sunday Brunch and hope some of their servers learn how to service a table properly in the future.
2	It's back to the drawing board, Bluprint. The theme is confused with ocean waves in one area, a print of the Charlotte skyline in another, and actual blueprint sketches on another. I wished they kept with the blueprint theme throughout because that is really cool and unique.The food flopped, big time. The entrees are overpriced for the poor, way-too-salty quality and portion. Perhaps they're hoping to cover overhead due to the Uptown location, but it just misses the mark completely. The bacon was still greasy and soggy, Nicole.The host was friendly as well as our server. However, it was a bad impression when we ordered things on the menu and to be told those items weren't available (my hunch was because it was close to closing and the cooks didn't want to make anything involved) and our server tried to steer us to the basic sandwiches. Overall, the server offered good service. Like others have mentioned, finding this place is an event itself. However, if it were not for the search, I would have missed the cool moving art in the entry of the Carillon building. I'm sad to say that Bluprint was a dining disappointment.
1	Blueprint needs some work. The feel of the restaurant is all over the place. They need to get one theme and stick with it. The food is average at best as well. Today was the second time I have eaten at Bluprint. The brunch prices are way to expensive for the portion size and quality of the food. They don't use fresh ingredients and charge prices like they do. We ordered the breakfast burrito and the huevos rancheros and both were $15. The burrito was very small and had bad store bought sliced sausage and maybe 10 black beans. The shell was so big all you ate was that and nothing else. The hash browns were bad as well. They didn't have any flavor. The huevos were set in front of us and the first thing is saw were un cooked eggs. How the cook sent that out to a table I will never know. The white of the egg was still clear! We mentioned it to the manager and he said he would fix it. After talking about the price and the poor quality of the food we had already ate we decided to get up and leave. We paid for the burrito and left. That is the first time i have ever done that. If you are going to charge $15 for breakfast items they better be great with fresh ingredients or good and big portions. This place is neither. Bluprint won't be around if they don't change and do it quick.
1	Slowest service I have ever experienced at a restaurant.  I will never go back.Not to mention my chocolate chip pancakes had multiple pieces of plastic mixed in with the chocolate.
1	I cannot remember a time when we've had such a bad restaurant experience. I felt like I was on Gordon Ramsey's - Restaurant Nightmare's. I had purchased a groupon a while back and we finally got around to using it (even with reading all the mediocre reviews) this past Sunday for brunch. They were understaffed, as there was no hostess and the bartender was doing drinks, waiting tables and seating. I believe there were only 2 other servers who didn't seem to have the whole "serving" concept down very well. When we were sat 4 out of the 5 tables didn't have drinks and I know they had been there a while since we had to wait 5-8 minutes at the hostess stand before being seated. The comedy of errors continued with cold coffee, something in the creamer (I think it was just coffee grounds), grey hashbrowns, unseasoned grits and a burnt frittata that had been scraped off and was inedible. The french toast tasted good and the bacon was cooked well. Thankfully they took the frittata off the bill and the french toast and coffee came to $15 which was the value of the groupon. Our server was very apologetic and gracious but it was such a bad experience I really don't think I can give them a second chance. Oh and by the way, after our meal came out we were informed that the kitchen was closed because they had ran of out food?!?! And it was only 1 pm on Sunday. Yikes!
2	Finally got around to using my groupon and once again the food is mediocre....I mean I could put the chefs(if you can call them that) out of business.  I thought I chose simple, easy enough items-chicken pot pie, turkey burger, and chicken salad....I was so bothered with this place.....the chicken salad was watery the pot pie had no taste, and I couldn't tell if the turkey burger was done or not............not sure how long this business will last with no skill.
