5	i love the bread and the simple great taste. my favorite is the BLT and the Club LuLu.
5	Its about time they opened up a Jimmy John's on the south side!Located right off Eastern and Windmill this spot is brand new. Its a lot bigger than the other ones in town but the food and decor is pretty much the same. If you haven't been to a Jimmy Johns before, picture long skinny 8in french bread subs, standard sammich ingredients + chips and cookies. No soups or salad and about $4-7 per sub. The service at this location was surprisingly slow when I came in. JJ prides themselves on making sandwiches really fast (I don't really think thats anything to brag about though...) But it took much longer than I expected to get my sandwich and they weren't even that busy. I am sure its probably because its a new location and my beach club was perfect anyways. On a site note this is the first Jimmy Johns I have seen with a drive thru which is nice if you're feeling lazy.
2	It's been a long time since I had Jimmy John's so I thought I'd try out the new location. I recall liking the multi-grain bread better than the subs so I was careful to order the beach club. Only when I got my order it was on the sub. Yeah, I'm still not a fan. The staff seemed bothered by my presence and there wasn't a single napkin visible in the restaurant. None were provided with the sandwich so I had to ask. They were kept behind the counter. Weird.
4	This place is pretty freakin good. This new location just opened by my house. Their subs are less than the cost of Subway and the quality is way better. It's fast if you walk in but they also have a drive through and they deliver. I also like the decor in the resturant.
5	Not too many sandwich (i.e. any) sandwich places offer Gluten free options, but their unwich option is awesome!
5	Good customer service and friendly conversational employees.
1	Do not eat here! I called to report something to the manager over the phone about an employee. When the manager became confrontational, I ended the call. A few minutes later, I got a call back from the manager asking for my name. When I told him I wouldn't give it to him, he said he only needed my number to call me back. If the management is rude and harasses customers that try to contact about legitimate concerns, what does it say about the place. I found out the managers name was Jarred which he refused to tell me by the way.
4	This place has amazing bread and I always get the #17 with lots of hot peppers. The bread is moist but really chewy and different from other sandwich shops I have tried. The service here is always friendly and fast. The restrooms are clean and store is clean.
5	My husband and I will choose this place before ever going to Subway, Port of Subs, or even Capriotti's yummy sandwiches, delicious bread, and that vinegarette sauce on the VITO is yummy too! VITO is obviously the favorite. JJ gargantuan is so good too! Our favorite recommendations!
5	I think they put crack in their sandwiches because I actually crave these dang things.I'll be honest, the meat isn't like the top-notch kind you find in a nice deli, but I could care less because their sandwiches taste so yummy (currently addicted to the #4) Maybe it's the bread.And whoever invented the drive-thru is genius and this one is faster than fast. Sometimes you order, drive up to the window and literally they hand you your food. Any place that has me craving their food always deserves a 5-star rating.Super Yum, but this one might be personal preference
4	They say their delivery is freaky fast. Their drive thru is craaaaaazy impossible fast! You wouldn't believe it until you experienced it!
5	This place is great! Not only are the sandwiches phenomenal but the people at this location are so wonderful. They're always so nice and helpful. And I swear they only hire attractive men at this location, because every time I go there is another cutie working.
1	Quality has completely deteriorated.  Not impressed with food of customer service. So sad.
1	This location opened not too long ago. We've had sandwiches delivered a half a dozen times at least and were happy to see this location getting on their feet. The delivery was fast and we rewarded it with more than generous tips. Now I guess they have their customer base built and no longer need us because, even though they recognized our address from our phone number and acknowledged that they had delivered to us before, we are suddenly out of their delivery range and they refuse to deliver to us now. Great way to build customer loyalty and to stand by those that helped bring you up. Even if it's necessary to limit your delivery area, a little flexibility to grandfather in your existing loyal customers might have been a better approach.  I wont even stop there for take out now.
5	I have nothing but good things to say about this location. I live and work fairly close to this location (1.14miles away) and order from them quite frequently. The staff is always polite and they deliver both to my home and work "freaky fast".  Food is always fantastic which is what Ive come to expect from this Jimmy John's location!They are great for catering as well! I have used them for a couple of baby shower events and its so convenient and surprisingly well priced!
5	They are so friekin fast . I m not a fan of deli but I ordered when I was pregnant and sick and I felt like I hung up the phone and they were at the door.
5	Great service, clean restaurant, & delicious sandwiches. Can't really ask for anything more!
1	we just ordered from here for delivery and a guy named albert messed up on our orders. when we called back to to tell them they messed up he decided to act and speak like it was our fault.. we tipped the driver good cuz it wasnt her failt and she was nice.. it sux we always have great service and food from them till now
1	Tried to place an order today for delivery and asked for the lettuce on the side.  I have ordered a sandwich in the past with lettuce on it, by the time it reached my house it was a soggy mess and completely unappetizing.  I was told they cannot put anything on the side due to company policy.  Major disappointment.  Won't eat there again. I gave it a second chance and they failed me again. I'm done.
5	My husband brought it home one day and it was so good! Can't remember the name of the sandwich but it was on wheat bread, roast beef and turkey. They give you plenty too. Try it, its good!
5	I love this location. They're clean, friendly staff, great quality ingredients and they are one of the few sandwich shops that offer sprouts on their sandwiches!
3	I went there for the 1st time today. I decided to get the beach club sandwich. I was impressed by how fast I got my sandwich and the price is very reasonable. As far as the sandwich goes I'd say it was good but not amazing. I would be willing to go again but it wasn't as mind blowing as I had heard.
4	I live down the street from this location. My son wanted me to bring him here so I tried it and was not disappointed.  The food is incredibly fresh, great flavor and they're crazy fast! I usually get the Pepe but I just tried the BLT and it was good, but I thought they would toast up the bacon, and there wasn't that much bacon. I still love this place, I just won't order the BLT.
5	Jimmy John's gourmet sandwich shop is without a doubt one of the best places to get a sandwich.  Major key components to a great sandwiches A. fresh ingredients B.  great bread and C. A wonderful staff that are friendly and provides excellent customer service.Freaky fast,  freaky delicious, freaky fresh and freaky great place to eat!
