4	Kimiko Hairdressers is the real deal when it comes to hairdressers. It is a great little hairdressers shop in the centre of the Bruntsfield area of Edinburgh. It is in an ideal location for students living in the Marchmont or Morningside area to pop into to get a good haircut. With the shops black and white exterior, Kimiko Hairdressers looks really suave, and a similar smart interior is continued into the inside of the shop.  It is a unisex hairdressers, which is great as you tend not to see many of those around any more. Kimiko is not that into professional, expensive haircuts which require a lot of maintenance at home, so this hairdressers is right up my street. My hairdresser was lovely and took lots of time to understand precisely what it was I wanted done which put me at ease as I have frequently walked out of hairdressers in the past with a hair style which I didn't want. The prices were incredibly reasonable considering the shop is in the Bruntsfield area and the quality of my hair cut was excellent. I will definitely be returning here for my next hair cut, and it is also a fantastic place to have children's hair cut too.
5	Just visited this small salon and was extremely pleased with the professionalism and knowledge of the owner. He is courteous, thoughtful, and is quite focused on a "good haircut!" Not only was the pricing good, but also the statement that I should need nothing more than a "fringe" trim during the next three months! I am a visitor to Edinburgh and wish I could take this hair stylist back to the States!
5	I went up to this small quiet warm place after a simple call-without shampoo? Ok, 2:30pm! I was thinking,well, the latest review was 7 months ago, is it still there?yes, not hard to find with google's help. It's better than I thought, I chatted with the hairdresser a lot about food ,culture, bad word, history,alcohol ... This is my first time to be here, but we were talking like we have been knowing each other for ages. I began to enjoy this relaxing and touching hour.And also I began to look differently in the mirror - as I required, in a good way. " I like my new hair style". The hairdresser said "good!" Though he confirmed me that I needn't do haircut ting in 6 months after the haircut ting being well done, I still said I would come back soon, just like what you do when you miss a friend. The hair is just like what he told me, easy to look after, and no need to worry what it will be like after you get home and take a shower, the style is permanent.
1	It would help if the place was actually open.The building is empty so either they've moved or it's closed.
