2	CHEEEEEEESY!!But dammit Michael can dance!He was super sweaty though... and at one point he did a spin move and looked like a sprinkler.  I saw the people in the front row wiping down thier arms.  It made me throw up a little in my mouth.
3	Out of the many acts that performed on the stage, only two were truly spectacular: Elvis and Christina Aguilara.  Apparently Michael Jackson impersonators can no longer perform on the strip (when I went, but he appears to be back); the rest of the cast included Tim McGraw, Britney Spears and Rod Stewart.For a show that is never found on the locals free ticket circuit, this theater was amazing full.  I do know they give a lot of free tickets away at the hotel itself (or 2 for 1) so you can find deals to check the show out.  Most all of the seating is in either a booth or table format, so if you sit at the front of the table, you will have to turn around to view the show.The Elvis impersonator did win the best Elvis in the world competition a few years back; he's quite good.  The Christina Aguilara impressionist may not have the looks of the real thing (though very close), she does have the chops.  If you can find a good deal on the show, check it out.  I wouldn't take the kids (little risque with Britney and "X-tina") but couples will enjoy a night out with the "superstars" of America.
5	WOO HOO!....this show is a nice way to spend an evening with the best acts in the world, all on one stage.....MJ was awesome, dancing and singing like the real deal....he even reminded the audience that, unlike the real Mj  "ladies should watch out"...Elvis was great, going into the audience, standing on a booth and telling the latecomers that "you gotta wait brother" for him to finish the song before they got to sit in the booth.....cristina augilera....what a show-stopping voice!....Tim Mcgraw...umm im not a country fan but i guess he was doing good judging by the ladies faces around me...and my fav?   Well i have a huge man-crush on Rod Stewart and he was great....i even was able to get a picture with him.....good stuff....i recommend this show if you want to have fun and be amazed by the talent, the great backing band, and..the exotic, dancers!
3	Would probably not have watched this show, but my sister found tickets for half-off.  The show came out to about $20.  The performers/impersonators wereElvis - goodBritney Spears - okCharlie Daniels - excellentCarrie Underwood - okMichael Jackson - ok.If you are a huge fan of any of these artists (as I am), you will be slightly disappointed.  It's not at the level where you might believe they are the real person.  Overall, it was a good show.
3	American not-so superstars.  It was an okay show.  Found myself yawning a few times... but well worth the price of - free.
3	"A-OK" is a nice way to put it. The show isn't much, but the price you can't beat. I would say nice way to start the night with a few laughs.It's a good time if the crowd gets into it.
2	And my tour of the C-list shows continues. I know there are some people that really dig the musical impersonators. I'm just not one of them unless they're doing Pink Floyd or Rush since the band has to be pretty awesome to get that stuff down. Overall I would rather see a great cover band than impersonators for pop stuff (Zowie Bowie?). My order of the performers from top to bottom. 1. Elvis: The guy was as good as any other Elvis impersonator I've seen and he lead off the show. Everything you would expect.2. Michael Jackson: He had the moves. He sang the songs pretty well but why do tunes like "They Don't Care About Us" when there are SOO many other hits that could've taken up that time. The Thriller part was pretty good/funny. They also ended the show by singing "Heal the World" and each of the singers did a verse which was so Disneyesque (puke). 3. Charlie Daniels: At least this guy played the violin and did a smoking version of "Devil Went to Georgia". 4. Carrie Underwood: She was a decent singer but I wouldn't say she was an impersonator. Didn't look or sound like her. Plus she did 2 GN'R songs for some reason. 5. Lady Gaga: I felt like this was a bad Halloween drag show. The homemade costumes were funny in a good way but she didn't sound anywhere close to Gaga.The band was pretty good. They were able to seamlessly transition from genre to genre really well.
4	This was a fun show.  Definitely worth it if you have a 2 for 1.Elvis (Darren Lee) opened the show.  He was REALLY good.  He has won an award as the best Elvis impersonator at the world Elvis convention or something like that.  Not sure why he opens the show, I guess they want to get you into the show right off the bat.Next up I believe was Katie Dix as Carrie Underwood.  Not too bad, I'm not into that kind of music, but she also covered a couple Guns N Roses songs for those who don't like Carrie Underwood.  She used to be part of the Fantasy show at Luxor.Johnny Potash was up next, fiddling his way through a tribute to Charlie Daniels.  He did a phenominal job.  I'm not into Charlie Daniels music at all, but I was in awe at this guy's skills.  Was definitely a highlight of the show.Autumn Belanger's tribute to Lady Gaga was next.  Not really sure what I thought of it.  She pronounces Paparazzi weird.  The final impersonator was Corey Melton as Michael Jackson.  He was good, not great.  Overall, I liked the show quite a bit, my wife not so much .. From best to worst: ElvisCharlie DanielsMichael JacksonCarrie UnderwoodLady GagaAll were at least decent to great though ..
5	Amazing show! I am so sad that they got rid of it at the Strat. I went back everytime to the Strat just to see it, even paying full price in advance just to insure it was apart of my planned schedule. The MJ was so superb and touched my heart and made me tear up everytime just thinking about how amazingly awesome Michael must have been live. All the other acts ranged from entertaining to extremely talented (deserving of a record deal) especially Carrie Underwood. I watched Lady Gaga and she was just phenomenal and I'm not even a fan of Gaga. But she is a shout-out! I hope that this show will relocate to another place on the strip....or off the strip for that matter. Lovely show.I am yet to check out the show's big brother Legends in Concert but the line-up for Legends in Concert never looks as good as American Superstars. I especially loved the Stratosphere venue for the shoe with dining tables and booths and spacious room! I always got up and danced or waved my hand to a slow song or pumped my fist to a rocking song! Just good old times. American Superstars was my favorite show on the strip. I do not care for Cirque, the Broadways are OK (but loved Lion King) and the highly rated mid-range shows (Matsuri and Human Nature) was just alright to me. None touched me and made me happy and made me dance like American Superstars. I guess it's all a matter of preference. I know which type of shows I should stick to in Vegas.
5	SO SO SO much fun! Okay My husband and I have seen this show and we enjoyed it so I decided to take my son who was 6 at the time, he had a blast.Some of the costumes a bit spicey for a 6 year old ( who acts like a 16) but overall he LOVED it!
