5	GREAT place to find inexpensive furniture! The owner, Lisa, is so sweet. If you're looking for something specific she will help you out! She had small appliances and other cool stuff. A little hard to find but totally with it.
5	I have been meaning to do this review for a while, and I believe it is appropriate that it is my seventieth review, because I have been to this store like seventy times. We found this place shortly after moving to Las Vegas last year. In Vegas, there are many versions of this type of liquidation store around, but none have the friendly owner and cleanliness that this store does. We typically visit almost every weekend to see what they have gotten over the week (also checking their ads on Craigslist. Lisa and her husband are very friendly and recognize us when we walk in. Lisa will help you locate anything you need and work with you to get to the right price on anything in the store. One perk to this store over most liquidation stores, is that they assemble the furniture items. I cannot tell you how much of a lifesaver this has been. I absolutely hate assembling those items. When I go to Bazargin, I know I can get a good item, already assembled, for a decent price. We will be back all the time and I encourage anyone in the Las Vegas area to check this place out.
1	I purchased a defective mattress. It was the wrong size and the memory foam was lop sided. She advertised this as a 12 inch queen size, it turned out to be only 8 inches thick. I put the mattress in an air conditioned storage and used it a year later. The memory foam wAs clearly defective and lopsided( did not expand fully) and it was the wrong thickness mattress. I explained this to Lisa the owner and she agreed to help me out if she could locate the receipt in her records. I told her exactly what month I purchased if in and she then said she WOULD NOT REFUND OR EXCHANGE, blaming the storage time and heat for the damage. I advised her it was an AC storage unit and she said there's no way she could verify that (although she could call the storage company herself) SO IM OUT ABOUT $100 AND NOW HAVE TO THROW AWAY A BRAND NEW DEFECTIVE MATTRESS. She misadvertised  the size in the first place but would not own up to it, or compensate me in any way. VERY DISAPPOINTED.
