4	After calling 3 different rooter companies in Las Vegas who never returned my calls, I found Las Vegas Rooter. They had a same-day appointment available and called a few minutes before arriving during the scheduled 1-hour window. They were clean, neat, and went right to work unclogging my bathroom. They even removed and replaced the toilet better than it was set before, complete with new wax rings, so they could snake the drain all the way to the street. We then asked them to fix our low water pressure and install a whole house water filter we had previously purchased. I wasn't happy with the location my husband had picked so they cheerfully moved it for us.Bottom line: they did all the work the same day and stayed till they got it all done to our complete satisfaction. When I paid the bill they told me that if the toilet clogs again within 30 days they'll come back and fix it again for free! I would definitely recommend Las Vegas Rooter to anyone who wants good, honest service at a reasonable price.
5	These guys were great. After getting ripped off by guys like Precision Plumbing and the idiots at Yes Plumbing, I called these guys to check my backed up sewer-line. Within five minutes their camera found the problem, two pipes disconnected in the line. Three days later they dug up the line, fixed the problem, set the concrete back in and then put the camera back down there to show me a job well done.
1	Do NOT call. They tried to rip us off big time. If you are totally ignorant about plumbing, call someone who is legit. They didn't totally rip us off because I knew what he was telling me didn't make sense. BUT, we did end up having to pay $45 just for a "service call" which ended up being nothing except him telling us how much it was gonna be to fix it. Then get this - he complained that he had to drive 30 miles to our place -seriously? We gave our address to them ahead of time and NO ONE even hinted that we were out of their service area. (Henderson)FYI - $45 for rooting is only for the first 5 feet of snake. Doesn't say that up front on their website right?Their service guy wanted to charge us $685 for jetting our line because our main line backflow preventer "collapsed". Right. Every other plumber I talked to said "you should be able to pull those right out". Lo and behold - one guy we called, stopped by our place and pulled it right out. Cleared the blockage immediately. Didn't even charge us one penny. Trust me. These guys give legit plumbers a bad name.
5	I seriously don't know how people can complain about Las Vegas rooter. They took their time to check out the problem and explain to me in details what needs to be fixed and how. Within hours everything was back to normal. Highly recommend this company.
5	I needed to have a washer and dryer moved from my garage to the 2nd floor of my home as the one inside was broken.  After calling all the big name companies, no one was interested in installing a used washer/dryer.  Las Vegas Rooter said they could handle it no problem and said they could come the next day at 4pm.  I have never had any service company make an actual appointment time without a window of time where you have to take the whole afternoon off to be home.  Las Vegas Rooter pulled up to my house at exactly 4pm.  The guys dragged my old washer dryer downstairs and pulled the newer ones up.  They installed both with no problem and even hauled away the old washer dryer.  I did get charged more than originally quoted but did not have issue due to the difficult staircase I have in home and the fact that they were in and out without any damage or problems.  I highly recommend this company if you are looking for no nonsense and someone who actually completes the work they said they would complete at the time they agreed to.  Very rare with service companies...
