4	Grand openings are always tricky. I expected the service to be either on top of their game or a little messy. Unfortunately it was the latter and I'd give this place another shot in the future to redeem themselves. Despite the waitresses being all over the place, they were all very friendly.The food was good. Coming from LA, expectations are always high, but since I'm not a picky eater, I try to be unbiased and considering all that, the food won't blow your mind but it's better than decent. Food is pricey but that's anywhere outside of LA, especially Pittsburgh with the scarcity of Korean restaurants. Expect your cheapest dish to be $10. (Time never plays a role in my ratings unless the wait is absurd. Back in the day, restaurants took about 30 minutes to serve the food and that was standard and people were okay with that. That being said, food here took around 30 minutes. If that's too long for you, don't eat here and then complain)Congrats on opening. Hope you'll be a little more organized next time I come!
3	I hesitated for a little writing this review because I have a soft spot in my heart for Korean restaurants not in major cities. But here it is. This place has less of the Korean-Chinese dishes and offers more traditional ones, such as Sunji Jjigae (blood cube stew) and Gopchang jjigae (tripe/intestine stew).I've been there on two weeknights, and after 6, this place gets packed. One reason is that this is a new Korean place in a city full of Asian students, another is that they are currently closed on Sundays and Mondays. This is not a large place, and parties larger than 4 are probably not going to find a table easily.Kimchi Pajun/Haemool Pajun- your standard appetizer of Korean pancake. The pajun here is large and thick. The edges are crispy perfectness while the center does not hold and breaks apart. I like the Kimchi better than the Haemool (seafood). The Kimchi has kimchi-loaded and can be spicy, where as the Haemool is a little stingy on the seafood.Beef Soondubu Jjigae- soft tofu stew. There was a decent amount of beef and great large chunks of soft tofu. The broth leaves a little more to be desired, and for some reason, there was a tinge of sweetness (maybe the beef marinade)? My egg yolk also did not cook at all even though I buried it. Yang Nyum Galbi - marinated beef ribs. My best part is that you cook the meat table side. You also get to choose between Egg stew, Miso/Dwenjang jjigae, and Gochujang jjigae. The egg stew was delicious and the dwenjang was OK. The ribs were the usual portion, the marinade was fine.I did not take into account the service. They are a new restaurant and obviously there are a few service kinks here and there. The greatest advantage of this place is that they offer the more traditional/authentic dishes than its other competitors. They are also BYOB.
4	I like the food but it need some help to do with the service. Waitresses are nice but they are too busy to forget things. The manager need to figure out that problem. It lacks of organization.
5	It was wonderful! Waitress was helpful and food was amazing and authentic
5	Previously there were only two well-known Korean restaurants in Shadyside/Oakland/SQ Hill neighborhood: the Korean Garden and the Green Pepper. This Nak Won Garden is a new Korean restaurant, and my Korean classmates thought that it was the most authentic one.So me and my gf went to the restaurant tonight, and ordered the salted fish, bibimbap, and the stir-fried pork belly. I thought the food was pretty authentic because I've been to a couple of cities in Korea. Also it wasn't too sweet or Americanized. The server (a Korean lady) was pretty nice and helpful, even though her English wasn't great.In general I give it a 5, because of the food, service, and the location (close to Giant Eagle). I think it's really nice that Pittsburgh, as a city in the Mid-West, is getting more and more authentic Asian food.
4	We got here around 7 pm on a Tuesday evening, a party of 5. Unfortunately they had no tables open but we walked over to giant eagle to get a six pack since it is byob there. Before we finished buying our beer they called to say they had a table, so the wait was short.Once there, we waited at least 5 minutes before we were brought water or even a bottle opener to start drinking our beer. The service was slow, but I'm willing to overlook that since they only recently opened and probably have been getting more business than they could have guessed.We started with a big kimchi pancake and it was crispy and flavorful. Great sharing size. I got the haemul soondubu--there was so much seafood in it! Tiny shrimps and squid legs, little clams, and of course the ever tender pieces of silken tofu, with a raw egg tenderly placed on top of it all. It was super delicious and I was pretty happy with the price, which is $1-2 cheaper than the one at Korea Garden.The banchan was varied and some that I had never had before. Fresh kimchi, burdock root, spinach, celery, and bean sprouts. They were happy to replenish it once we had gobbled it all up. The burdock root was my favorite--their seasoning was excellent.I definitely plan on going there again. The quality of their food was solid and the prices were very reasonable. The seating area is small, however, so I will probably stick to visiting on weekdays. Wonderful new addition to Pittsburgh dining!
