4	Kebabish Original is a brand of restaurants that now scale the country a vast menu that includes kebabs, curries, burgers, salads and mixed grills. This means that however fussy one of your mates are, they are sure to find something that tickles their fancy.From the outside Kebabish Original looks really trendy and modern with huge panel windows and inside this theme is continued and offers a really cool, trendy place to dine.I came here with a few friends after a game of laser quest, which is just down the road and I ordered a kebab, as I thought this would be the safest bet as the name of the restaurant suggests this is their speciality. I was right and the kebab tasted fantastic, and there is no comparison between the greasy kebabs I have become used to from cheap takeaways to this well seasoned one. My friends weren't as complimentary about the food however, saying that their curries tasted greasy, so I would therefore say that if you do come here, that you go for the kebabs.
5	Having chomped down on various shish, doner and chicken tikka rolls from various Kebabish outlets over the years, I have to concur with El Tel's viewpoint that this place is excellent. As long as you stick to the kebabs.And what kebabs they are. Stuck on a charcoal grill often right in front of you, the proper barbeque taste is nothing short of fantastic, the salad is fresh, and if you avoid the doner, a few of the grilled varieties probably aren't all that bad for your health either.Having only tried a curry once, it wasn't at the same level, but the kebabs are what it's all about, what they want you to experience, so grumbling about that would be like going to Pizza Hut and complaining that the pasta is shite, which it is.Fantastic for kebabs, and with their rapid expansion, a testament to good old free market economics.
3	It's funny how a place can get some things so right and others totally wrong. I once had a big argument with a friend about how a chicken kebab isn't actually that unhealthy - grilled chicken on a pitta bread, with salad. "Yeah but what about the garlic mayo and chilli sauce?" "Well yeah, but McDonald's don't put burger sauce on their calorie count, do they?" 1 - 0 Wallace.Anyway, the kebabs in this place are excellent. Beautifully seasoned and genuinely tasty, and cooked on a charcoal grill. The salad is actually pretty good too, not just the usual chopped red cabbage (why do kebab shops think this is OK?). That said, the curries are no where near as good. My friend had a bhuna (obviously, we're Northern) and it had about half an inch of grease laminating the top. The actual curry tasted fine, but he had a slippery face afterwards. Go for the kebabs, nothing else.
3	Have been a few times.  Serivce good, staff friendly and nice atmosphere.  Food has been mostly good but a couple of duff dishes (the overcooked prawn in particular).  I'd still recommend it though even with the ocassional mistake.
3	Kebabish is the UK's biggest chain of Asian restaurants. Their dishes from the grill are first class. I didn't care much for the place, though, and the service was down right poor.Overall, we said: "the food that I had at Kebabish was extremely good. The service and setting don't match it, at all. The frowner-in-chief should turn his attention away from glowering at his chefs and glower at his serving staff, instead. If that dead-eye stare has the same effect on them as is does on the kitchen staff, he'll address the place's real weaknesses, in no time."
4	After hearing quite a bit about this place we finally decided to check it out.It turns out it's a great establishment, you can't find such an array of grilled foods under one roof in Edinburgh as this place!The food is rather spicy but it compliments the meat nicely.Also the prices are very reasonable.I recommend it :)
5	Damn.....This place was amazing.  The Mixed grill was so good I almost cried.  The chicken wings were the best chicken wings I have ever had ever.  Then I ordered lamb vindaloo and it was so tasty and so frigin spicy I actually did cry.Well done.Why is there no good Indian in America?
3	After passing by KO a gazillion times, finally had dinner at the place for a friend's farewellWatching from the outside its brightly lit restaurant, we usually find it packed with people. We must have decided to drop in on an unusually quiet day. Service is slow, which is disappointing.We had naan and tandoori chicken...  pretty decent.As poor scholars, we thought the price was slightly out of a student's budget but overall, the portions was quite sizable.
3	Well priced with a decent range of dishes. Pretty swift service. The restaurant is a bit draughty though, as noted by earlier reviewers. Could also do with having the extractor fan in the gents fitted back into the plasterboard. A good place to go with a group of mates though so I'd be happy to make a return visit.
4	Kebabish Original is one of the nicest places that I have ever been in to have an Indian. Not only does it look like a nice building on the outside but the interior is very stylish and makes you feel like you are in a very expensive restaurant in Edinburgh. I first tried the restaurant when it opened a few months ago and I am a regular visitor (at least once a week). Not only is the ambiance a nice one but the food is very nice too, and it is good value for money, especially with bring your own bottle and free corkage. I have tried a variety of dishes in the restaurant all authentic and different not like other restaurants where they use all artificial colourings. Try the Mix grill....something you will remember. I have recommended it to my friends and family and really think that you should try this
2	Oh dear, had a really poor meal here. Will never be back. The service was beyond poor and it took an hour for the food to arrive. When it finally came it was just fine - nothing to write home about - and I was completely underwhelmed. At one point we asked a waitress how much longer it would be for food. No joke, she shrugged her shoulders and said "I don't know" and that was it! She didn't apologise, check with the kitchen, ask us if we wanted another drink, anything. I burst out laughing at her behaviour and the guys on the table next to us started a chat about how long they'd been waiting too, haha. Was given a hokey excuse about the restaurant being understaffed at the end of the meal (after we tried to pay and had to wait another ten minutes), but honestly the food was expensive for what it was and experience very poor. Why bother going back again when so many other fantastic Indian restaurants in Edinburgh? Fail, Kebabish. FAIL.
