4	Excellent pizza; decent wines (esp. the Cecchi Chianti); great salads (Ceasar and Caprese are excellent).  Nice, friendly wait staff.  The dining room is nice, a bit bare and the bar is small but the pizza and salads keep us coming back.
4	I've been going to Florencia for a few years now....and overall I really like it.  I'm from the east coast so I find it difficult to find really good pizza here.  I think the quality is great....and the atmosphere is pretty cool too.  The owner, not sure who it is, staff's it with mostly local high school kids, which I find great.  He or she is helping employ locals.Overall, I like this one a lot!!!!
5	I feel very fortunate that I live across the street from this Ahwatukee pizza bistro.  They make wonderful pies, I take out from here once a week.  The waitrons are attentive and the pizza is ready in 20 minutes.I recommend the Hawaiian (ham, pepperoni, and pineapple),  the Flaumbay (pepperoni, green bell peppers, garlic, and pineapple), or the RASPOTLE (chicken, roasted red bell peppers, raspberry chipotle sauce, and a choice of feta or goat cheese/no mozzarella cheese).  The crust is thin, but sweet and chewy.  They make a wonderful tomato sauce, that adds to the taste of the fresh veggies and meat.
5	Best pizza I have ever had. The pepperoni, tomato and olive is incredible. LOOOOOOOOOOOOVE IT!
4	I have never actually eaten in the restaurant - just take out.I LOVE the caprese salad, the plentiful antipasto salad, and the Mykanos pizza. The pesto pizzas are delish as well. This is perfect thin crust pizza - not that doughy pizza. Such yummy food. Highly recommend this place!One note on take out: They tend to say "20 minutes", which really means 30-40 minutes. But who cares when the food is so good!
2	I tried their pizza on different occasions, different toppings but.... I just don't like it. It's tasteless and somewhat expensive. I always have to add either Parmesan cheese or garlic salt or even just salt! I like my pizza to have more flavor, some spice and Florencia's pizza was not that good.
5	best pizza in the valley! good service. nice selection of wine and beer.
3	There pizzas are good, but I can get just as good or a little better for cheaper. The meatball sub is def temping the calzones look superb as well.
4	Met up with a couple friends for a double date at this Ahwatukee pizza place. They frequent this joint fairly often, so I knew it had to be good. We ordered the caprese salad, and a made-to-order pizza. Both were delicious and worth eating again. The wait staff were very friendly and we actually sat and had a drink with one of the managers before we left at the end of the night. The only thing that prevented me from giving this place 5 stars was the price- a little more than I would generally feel comfortable paying for a pizza. But, it was so good that I'd go back.
4	With as many good pizzas as there are in Phoenix you would think that we share a border with the wrong country.  Florencia is another great example of the good pies that are adorning our eateries.  While not quite in the same league as Bianco, LGO, or Humble Pie they still make the trip to Ahwatukee worth it.  The crust is light and very tasty.  It holds up very well against the big boys with their coal or wood fired ovens.  The margherita is simple and allows the crust to shine.  My only complaint would be that the sauce can really make the end of the piece very soggy.  We've tried several combination's and they all pass muster.One of the better spots to eat in that part of town.
5	We really like the pizza
3	Took the family so my 9 year old could use the $15.00 gift certificate he managed to receive from Florencia. It was our 1st time and after asking to switch tables, the first was smack dab in the middle of the dining room right under a loud speaker ( Boy, I'm getting old ) we were ready to order. It was a Friday night and relatively busy, although the server could have been quicker, she was friendly and capable. We ordered an Antipasta salad ( Large) , it was excellent and I considered a good value, next came a Calzone, equally good and reasonably priced around $10.00. Then came the pizza, a 12 inch vegy gourmet type that had a smattering of vegetables and a nice light crust and  tasted great, but for $19.00, I could have passed. definately overpriced ! What are they thinking ? Other than the fact that I find it hard to swallow their overpriced pizza, the experience was okay and we may return.
4	Just because I'm Vegan doesn't mean I can't enjoy a good pizza, but do you know how hard it is to find a Pizza Place that does not put cheese in the sauce?? Well I need not look any further than my own neighborhood! Florencia Pizza Bistro Does NOT add cheese to their sauce!! I rushed right over to cure my pizza craving. Inside is definitely more bistro, no primary color pizza parlor here. It was kinda dark, there was some Italian music playing, and it was still casual. We decided to order a Large pizza half pepperoni for the husband and half no cheese add mushroom, artichoke and basil for me (see pics) As you can see they did not skimp on my veggie half. The pizza was seriously delicious! The dough was out of this world, it was so light, I can't explain how tasty it was you'll just have to see for yourself. The sauce was extremely fresh tasting too and I normally don't like a red sauce, but I really liked the flavor of theirs. They have some pretty creative combinations on their pizzas I highly recommend giving them a try if you are any sort of pizza aficionado. I give it my Vegan Stamp of approval, there is something for everyone. Check it out it just might be your new favorite! *Notes of interest* *Only open for Lunch Friday, Saturday and Sunday. Monday -Thursday they don't open until 4pm *Large patio with misters. *Bar area with 2 Flat screens *They also have salads, calzones, panini and sandwiches
5	Best pizza in phoenix hands down and you don't have to wait like pizza bianco
5	Great local pizza. I've been going here with my family for years. It's always good. Definitely recommend it!!
5	I really love Italian Pizza, this is the best that I found around Phoenix, you have to try it and you wont regretted, Is not to expensive and always a very good pizza!
5	After a long day of nursing a hangover and a long night of pretending to not be home because we didn't have any Halloween candy for trick or treaters, we decided we needed some pizza. I drive by Florencia everyday and we keep saying we need to check out some of the establishments in this shopping center. Yelp says it's good, so obviously, I trust the palettes of my fellow Yelpers. We headed up there, it was pretty dead and the owner met us at the door and said we could only get takeout because they were closing up at little early. It was only about a half hour early and the guy was real cool about it, so we were fine with it. We went up to the bar and ordered a 12 inch pepperoni and italian sausage. All the girls at the bar seemed really sweet. They told us about 15 mins, so we sat down to wait, one of the girls came around to offer us something to drink while we waited, which I thought was nice. I can see some of the comments about the decor. At first I thought it was odd that the floor is just concrete, but it actually all kind of grew on me after sitting there for a bit. It has kind of a rustic tavern-ish feel. We started talking to Val, the owner, who was a real nice guy. Telling us about the place, they've been there for 11 years I think he said, so it's a nice neighborhood joint. He was real down to earth, just sitting at the bar drinking a beer and catching the end of the game. We noted that they had a pretty interesting beer selection both on draft and in bottles, which he said he rotates fairly frequently. He seems to have a pretty strong passion for beer and real interested in getting in some local brews and interesting selections in there. We got our pizza home and it was cheesy and delicious. The crust wasn't super flavorful, but the texture was perfectly crusty on the outside, soft on the inside. The sauce had good flavor and the ingredients tasted like high quality. The pepperoni had a real nice rich flavor and the sausage had a nice flavor with the fennel and other herbs and spices. True it was a little on the expensive side but I'd rather give my money to a nice guy like Val than to Domino's any day. I'm looking forward to heading up there again to sit at the bar, watch a game and enjoy some more pizza or perhaps one of his calzones with a local brew!
3	We decided to start our Winter Break with pizza!  We had a coupon to try Florencia's. We got there just before 3pm and had the place to ourselves, but for two other tables. Melissa greeted us at the door and grabbed our drinks super quick. We ordered the XL Cheese pizza, we were all craving cheese!  The pizza looked great and tasted as good as it looked!Three stars due to the fact that we had to get our second round from the bar on our own. We won't let that stop us from trying Florencia's again. The pizza was cheesy and full of flavor, the crust...perfect!
5	LOVE THIS PIZZA!!!!!!!!!!!!!OMGSo good!The crust is that like thin but crunchy kind, and the red sauce on the pizzas is absolutely perfect.I like their wide array of pizzas and toppings (even though I can't have any pesto pizza because of the nuts in the pesto, boo)This place, and Classic Italian in Tempe are the best pizza places I've been in to AZ hands down.
5	Great pizza, the Steffanos is amazing! Friendly atmosphere-perfect for pick up or dine in
4	Love having this place right down the street from my house. Everything I've had here has been great and they've got a pretty good craft beer selection as well!
5	My daughter and I just went here for a late lunch before the movies, and got a sausage and artichoke heart pizza and a Caesar salad.  It was out of our way, but we had a Groupon to spend, so the extra drive was okay because of the savings.    OMG it was so good.  Lots of cheese, good quality mozzarella too.  And the sausage was spicy and plentiful.  Artichoke hearts were extra, but well worth it.  Crust was thin and soft, made the pizza somewhat foldable, which I like.  Service was ok, got what we needed when we needed it, like a refill on our Ice T.   We will go back, again and again!
2	We tried Florencia because of a Groupon that I purchased - 50% off. The place was empty when we went on a Saturday afternoon for lunch. We ordered a garden salad to share amongst our table and a specialty pizza.  Overall, I was underwhelmed. They advertise that they sell the dressing for their salad but I found it to be a bit watery.  As for the pizza, parts of the crust were burnt and overall the flavor left something to be desired.  We ordered the Pomodoro, which was listed in the menu as coming with eggplant.  When the pizza arrived I discovered that the eggplant was fried, which I would have liked to know. Since other patrons have raved about the pizza I would give it another chance, but n based on this trip alone I wouldn't give a strong recommendation.
2	The BF and I went here for lunch today as we had purchased a groupon for this restaurant a few weeks back and wanted to go to total wine anyway, which is close to the restaurant, so we headed out. We got to the restaurant and it was not too busy, just a few tables. The restaurant was a nice looking restaurant, it was painted a nice color and had interesting metal wall hangings. We're having pizza for dinner tonight so we decided to get a couple sandwiches and the bruschetta. Our server seemed pretty miserable to be there and had a really flat voice. She was not so pleasant. We got the bruschetta and it was not exactly what you would expect. It was like a cheesy garlic bread with tomatoes, garlic, basil, and their balsamic dressing on it. I thought it was pretty good, although the tomatoes were not so fresh and the bread they chose was odd for a bruschetta. The BF, however, really didn't like it. He thought it tasted 'weird.' So then we waited a bit and our sandwiches came out. Here is the real reason for the bad review. The sandwiches just weren't good. I got the chicken panini and the BF got the meatball parm. The meatball parm was really bad. The sauce had no flavor, the meatballs tasted like they were once frozen, and there was a ridiculous amount of cheese on top, like 3/4 of an inch thick. My sandwich was ridiculous. It was giant and looked like a giant salad on bread. The chicken was a breaded cutlet... not super tasty, and supposedly it had their balsamic dressing on it, but I couldn't taste it. It had a lot of raw red onion on it which took over the flavor, and when I took it off all I could taste was the 'pizzette' bread which was overwhelmingly garlicky. I love garlic, but this was too much. It was almost bitter in my mouth. So maybe their pizza is good... I don't know, but what we got was not good. Like so many restaurants, I think this place could use better ingredients and give you much smaller portions for the same price and it would be a lot better.
4	Deeelish!!! Good service, good menu options, good wine and beer choices. Check it out, totally worth it.
5	Always fresh ingredients. Try spinach and basil with mushroom. Crispy and tasty crust. I am a big fan of "real" pizza and not the mass produced, processed style. You can tell Florencia's takes pride in the pizzas they produce, even the takeouts. While I do not eat there often, it is close enough to be a great stand by when we want great, gourmet pizza.
4	How amazing was the Bravo, a no sauce, chevre, sausage, and fennel on a medium thin-crust ($16.25)?  Well, have a look at the photos and see just how much I had!  Florencia's thin-crust pizzas normally contain cornmeal, but I was able to specially-request one without.  Fabulous!  The bruschetta was oh, so very good-- the tangy-sweet balsamic vinegar is key in making it so tasty.  :)  Liked the fact that it had a lot of garlic, too!  The only downside, so far, was that the desserts I inquired about were all pre-made [cannoli shells came dusted w/ powdered sugar from the supplier (Kim wasn't sure that the pastry cream had powdered sugar in it, but w/ the shells being pre-dusted, the point was already moot!), the caramelized walnuts, for the Apples and walnuts w/ ice cream dessert,   didn't come w/ nutritional info (were they made w/ granulated or powdered sugar?), and ice cream wasn't homemade...  I wonder if Florencia makes its own cookie batter for its chocolate chip cookies (freshly-baked and then topped w/ ice cream)?  Again, w/ the ice cream not being homemade, this scratched out another dessert option for me.  With desserts being a non-issue, I'm able to eat more crusty pizza to my heart's content!  A very glittery silver-lining, which you'll soon agree with!  :DVery patient and fast service- ask for Kim.  Nice, non-intrusive music playing in the background, but the restaurant got a lot noisier as the room slowly filled w/ dinner traffic, so come in early to avoid it.  Restroom was clean and very spacious-- there were two stalls when three would've easily fit!  I dare anyone to feel claustrophobic in there; Not gonna happen.I'll definitely be back!
5	06/02/11Took Mom w/ me for my second visit (her first) and ordered a small Mista salad and a large Clevenger (olive oil base, sausage, spinach, red onions, feta, no tomato sauce).  The salad arrived pretty fast, since our server placed the order in BEFORE asking us which pizza we wanted.  (Our pizza also arrived later, bec. the kitchen took extra time to wipe down the oven's surface of as much cornmeal as possible to mitigate possible allergic reactions I might come down w/...)  Believe you me, this pizza was worth waiting for!The mista consisted of mixed greens, tomato wedges, crunchy walnuts, feta, and Florencia's fantastic balsamic vinaigrette.  (You can purchase the vinaigrette to take home!)  This salad was so delicious and so much fun to eat (crunchy walnuts, creamy feta, and tangy vinaigrette were the secrets to this simple, yet delightful salad!), I could see myself coming back and ordering a small order for my main meal and be completely satisfied.  In fact, I WAS satisfied w/ my half of the salad and could've gone to the movie we were planning to see, but didn't, bec. we had to wait an extra 30 minutes or so for the pizza to arrive.  No worries, though, as the Clevenger was even MORE spectacular than the Bravo I tried the first time around!  (And if you read my first review, you can see how much I loved that combination-- I ate half of the medium pizza at one sitting!)I apologize for the terrible photos of the pizza I've included here... (My Mac powerbook is in the shop and isn't available to correct for the dark lighting.)  Bon appetit!
3	My son loves this place because the food is good and the servers are the cutest young ladies working in Ahwatukee. The pizza and salads are very good and the wine list is nice.  I love the greek pizza.It has a community feel to it and is clean and friendly. The parking is very good and if you just want to hang out at the small bar, it is a good place to casually visit with others there.
4	My family always enjoys eating at Florencia's.  Their crust is one of the best and they cook it to perfection.  Waitstaff is always helpful and polite.My only little criticismsis the mozzarella does not have much flavor and the caesar salad dressing does not taste much like the caesar dressing I make and am used to.Great pizza!
5	We have been here a few times now and have been very happy each time. I ate in house twice and sat at the bar both times, the service was awesome and the pizza even better.  The first time it was pretty empty and the second time it was hoppin'.  Had the Patagonian the first time which was a unique pizza, chicken, pepperoncinis, green olives, feta cheese and the pesto/tomato sauce.  Really, Really good.  Second outing was the Margherita, which i thought had a ton of flavor for just having a few ingredients, real mozz, not the plastic shredded junk, kinda sweet tomato sauce, and shredded basil.  Also, the have some really good beers on tap, and a couple of big tv's behind the bar.  This place rocks, our new pizza place.
5	I was looking for a wood fried pizza for lunch one weekend and found this spot... I entered the restaurant as greeted and seated right away I was the only one in the place. I ordered an Ice tea and looked over the menu... The Trout was a must order for me The Trout - Mushrooms and Pepperoncinis served a little crispy on regular crust and red sauce. I waited and watched the World Cup finial for a bit my pizza came out... I rate the food as followed.The Trout - AI was really impressed with this pizza it was cooked really well... The crust crispy and the toppings did not make it soggy each bite better then the next. I will be back for sure I saw lot's I need to try off the menu... Plus they have a great section of beer on tap as well as bottles.
4	Friendly, casual atmosphere with very tasty pizza.  Huge variety of toppings and an excellent olive oil base.  I find the pizzas with tomato sauce to be a little bland, but all of the rest have been fantastic.  Salads are huge and fresh.
4	This is our go-to neighborhood pizza place. They make a crispy crust barbeque chicken pizza that is amazing, along with many others, and will customize just to your liking.. It is sooo much better tasting than the other local pizza places, Nellos included. Good wine and beer list.  Only down side is the service is average, so don't expect much as it is staffed with mostly local high school girls (if you ask more than the basic questions they are lost). Food is so worth it, though.
2	When we were looking for a restaurant near us, we came across this highly reviewed restaurant.  Some reviews on another sites warned us about bad service.  Going in, expecting bad service, I was still amazed.  We actually received NO service.  We showed up with our 11 month old daughter.  We were warmly greeted by the hostess.  That was the last time anyone came to our table.  We sat there for 30 minutes before we asked for service.  The nice hostess ran away.  She came back and told us that our server would be right with us and asked if she could get us some water.  10 minutes later, the server came out with water.  At that time we decided to go elsewhere.However, considering all of the great reviews, we decided to give it another go.  This time we got take out.  We ordered three pizzas and I was underwhelmed.  The pesto pizza was the best that I tasted but I have had better.  I agree with D.D. who said that the pizza was bland. Ultimately, I don't think that it is worth the effort.
5	Fantastic pizza.  Great crust, perhaps the best in town.  Some reviewers complained of poor service, but despite eating here often I've never had anything but excellent service.  Try the Clarksville Classic for something different.
5	I personally award them best pizza of Ahwatukee.  The pizzas and salads are always delcious.  This is definitely one to try if you haven't already.
5	Wish whey were closer to my house. We drive over a half hour at least once a month for the pizza. It's unreal! Everytime my father in law comes into town he goes at least three times for pepperoni pizza, well done. He says its the best pizza he has ever had (and he is a self proclaimed pizza connoisseur) You have to try the spinach salad too. The mozzarella and bacon are awesome but the vinaigrette dressing is the best part. Please move to Gilbert!
5	Ahwatukee might not be on most peoples list of places to visit while in Phoenix, but after tasting the great thin pizzas here at Florencia's ... it's strongly suggested that it should be.This locally owned establishment has a variety of calzones, salads, sandwiches, paninis and pizza ... but IMHO, the pizza is what really shines!They have a long list of pizzas to choose from (Traditional to Specialty pizzas), but what makes their pizzas awesome is the dough.  The dough is made fresh daily, along with the daily made mozzarella. Combine these two very fresh ingredients with your favorite topping and what you have is a classic style pizza that will take you back to Italy.  They don't over do the pizzas with lots of sauce or flooding the top with toppings.  No, here ... they get it that pizzas are an art form and each custom pizza is a work of art.They taste great 30 minutes later, but are amazing straight from the oven.You can go and wait hours at those hip pizzarias that cater to the $$$, but if you just want a great place to chill, have a beer or a glass of vino and amazing pizza ... you have to try Florencia!Ciao Bella!
5	Cannot say enough good things about this place! My family and I have been coming here for years and still make the drive (from Mesa and San Tan) for special occasions. he food is great, the chef and staff are very friendly, and the atmosphere is clean and comfortable. The Pesto Pizza is my favorite - it's a must try! I also love that it's a local business and am proud to support that!
5	Great pizza, casual dining and great staff!!!!
5	Best pizza in the area!  Flaky crust, good sauce and toppings.. It costs more but is worth It!  Staff friendly.
4	Not new to Florencia, but am still drooling over last night's take-out!  Spinach calzone and Bobe pesto pizza were so DeLishUs!  Hadn't eaten at Florencia in a while, and reading the other Yelp reviews below that mentioned home-made mozzarella, maybe that was "that something" that just hit the spot so scrumptiously with me.  Pizza crust was perfect-- crusty, toothsome,   Others sharing the meal also were very happy we went with Florencia and not our current usual pizza source that is/was Groupon/Deal Chicken/Living Social driven.    (Wrote i"s/was" because I'll free up pocket change to stick with Florencia sans Internet deals at other places  because it was just that dang good!!)   Would've given a 5, but found the Greek salad "OK" and actually laughed at the small amount of marinara dipping sauce that was packed in our takeout bag.
4	YUM, if you like a pizza with no sauce, get the Snow White! Lots of garlic, cheese, seasoning. Declicious!!
4	A good neighborhood pizza restaurant with traditional and specialty versions available. Also an option on some is thin or thick crust. Love the combo, which comes with great fresh ingredients. The Greek salad is a great accompaniment with its homemade balsamic vinaigrette. They also feature a good selection of beers on tap and wine by the glass.
5	Always receive excellent service.   Pizza's are amazing there.  The toppings are generous.
5	Good spot, good food, good atmosphere..
4	Love the snow white pizza!  This is a great neighborhood pizza place.  I love the fact that it is locally owned and operated and they support many of the groups and organizations in the area.  The servers are friendly as are the people who answer the phones.  The service is quick, orders are accurate and the price is right!
4	Florencia's, albiet pricy, has always managed to impress me. I have been converted to their delicious crust and pizza sauce. At this point, my boyfriend and I have created our own regular favorite the "SS Ricotta": ricotta cheese, roasted red bell pepper, italian sausage, and basil. A simple, but ever-satisfying dish that I always crave when I want pizza.
5	My family loves this place. When we moved to the area we asked around to see which places were worth our time. Every person said to try them so we did and have been going back for about 18 months now. I wish they delivered but with less than a 5 minute drive I can't complain much. The staff is always nice and the pizza is out of this world. It's not easy to please all in a family of seven but this place does it.
1	I'm updating my review from last year because the service is terrible. If you need to be in and out of there in a reasonable amount of time please don' to bother.  We drive all the way in from Chandler and they barely acknowledge that we are there. And we are somewhat regulars! Last night it was especially bad. I was seated initially by myself as I was waiting for my date. The all female about high school age waitstaff walked by my table at least 5 times, did not make eye contact, did not even ask if I want a glass of water. I was getting ready to just leave when a waitress came closer, I asked if there was anyone covering this section, when she approached the table with quite an attitude. She looked down her glasses at me and said "oh your waitress is busy and she will be right here." I said "I've been sitting here for over 10 minutes and NO ONE has even noticed." She huffed and walked away. My waitress came up right after and I reluctantly proceeded to order. We spent about $40 on pizza and a glass of wine. Very unsatisfactory customer service experience. Will lose business over this even though the food is great.
4	I have been eating here for years. Best pizza in Phoenix!The service used to be excellent, but have seen it decline over time. ONE waitress cannot be of good service to the entire place. Please, Florencia, bring your excellent service back, and we'll be back, too.
5	Their Fiesta pizza (pepperoni, tomatoes, chorizo, onions, fresh jalapenos) is amazing, and the best pizza I've had in Phoenix. I eat at Florencia about once a month, and each time the ingredients are fresh and the crust always has the right amount of crunch. I find myself ordering the Fiesta every visit, I think it's that good.On top of that, their salads are always fresh and the service has been prompt each visit.
3	I did not order pizza from here only the sandwiches.  They were average sandwiches and nothing to rave about.  Maybe next time I will try the pizza.
5	I love Florencia. It is my favorite pizza place in the area. The pizza is light but still tends to fill you up. They have really good flavor. For the health conscious, they have low-fat cheese, if you ask for it. And now, on weekends, they offer whole wheat crust. We tried this, knowing that wheat substitutes can be hit or miss. In this case, it was good. It didn't lower the overall taste of the pizza. Like many good pizza joints, they can get busy, particularly on the weekends. But they do allow reservations, so call ahead!For families with small kids, they don't have crayons and coloring sheets. So, plan ahead and bring something for the kids to do.This restaurant is a regular in our rotation and I highly recommend it.
5	No matter what part of town you are in....make the trip to Florencia's.   Service: outstandingAtmosphere: friendlyFood:  Subs and Pizza - outstanding (order an extra pizza to take home)Wine selection: out of this world and great prices!!!Love this place!!
5	I first went here using a Groupon. The food has kept me coming back. I highly recommend the Patagonia.
4	Came here after a friend's suggestion and a groupon. We got the Trout which is a pizza with pepperoni, peppercini and mushroom. It was really good. I'd go back again.
5	Without a doubt my favorite pizza place! Every pizza ive had here is amazing, the salads are awesome, the service is always great, and did I mention their Pizzas are the best thing ive ever had? Lol
4	Consistent and high quality. Their pizza sauce and crust is sweet and unique from all others. Salads are fresh and in generous portions - fresh mozzarella is excellent. The menu has plenty of options for a number of palettes and tastes, but for me the best stand out in the basics and Florencia doesn't disappoint. Solid beer selection to boot.
5	Staying at the Wild Horse Pass Resort we decided on Pizza tonight. Yelp led us here and we were pleasantly greeted and enjoyed the Panini Pizetta followed by a couple of pizzas the girls ordered. Topped it all off with an ice cold Stella Artois and the ladies raved about their wine pours being big.  They had some sort of basil/oregano/garlic seasoning that I covered my pizza with too that was mas fina!  Service was pretty good as well and we closed it down at 9pm.
4	Great pizza but the people who work there are extremely unprofessional. They dress like they rolled out of bed
5	If you want blah pizza go to Pizza Hut. But if you want cheesy, tangy, saucy pizza, come to Florencia! I am from NY and I was really pleasantly surprised by this little gem. I am what you'd probably call 'a pizza snob.' I am REALLY hard to please when it comes to my pizza. NYC has some of the best NY style pizza in the world (I'm not even going to touch Chicago style. THAT'S a different review and I don't need my house toilet papered.)  Florencia's does their pizza right and they know good service. Everyone there was so nice. I only have two complaints. One is the size of the large pizza. It is a little disappointing. It looks very small for a large. Second, and this is just personal preference, I prefer my crust to be a little on the crispy side. Their crust becomes a little soggy. It just doesn't stand up to the sauce very well. But other than that, the pizza tastes amazing! And their prices are pretty reasonable, too. Unfortunately, I won't be going back because they aren't close to where I live (I was visiting a friend across town). If you're listening, Florencia's, you need to open up a 2nd location up in North Phoenix where I am. There are few decent places to get pizza up here. Come save us!
5	Easily the best pizza I've had in the Valley. How anyone could ever give Flo's less than 5 stars is beyond me. Even my pizza snob boyfriend (who has extreme New York pizza standards) has deemed it the best pizza in Arizona! Great family atmosphere and great food, what more could you want in a pizza place?! If you're contemplating going, GO!
4	I've been eating food from Florencia Pizza Bistro for over 10 years now, and not once have I actually dined in! *gasp* Every single order has been pick-up. Never have met any employee here with a bad attitude, on the phone or at the bar. I will say though, inside the decor is cute. Various wall hangings, somewhat dark for mood. So yeah, my suggestion will be pretty simple. If you're here for pizza and you order anything but the Putanesca Pizza: You're doing it wrong! Garlic and olive oil instead of traditional sauce, chicken, a generous scattering of capers and kalamata olives, red onion and sliced tomatoes.  It's the perfect combination of savory and salty flavors. The crust is melt in your mouth status. What more could you ask for? Oh wine, duh. Pizza and Netflix night is incomplete without my old friend Pinot Noir. Check it out for consistently delicious pizza! Hope Florencia stays open for a long time. Maybe we'll finally dine-in one of these days we're paying a visit to the ol' 'Tuke.
5	This is such a hidden Ahwatukee gem! We love this place. Good family friendly atmosphere, good pizza and the best spinach salad you will ever eat! Prices are good and ridiculously good for salads. This is a must try!
5	Cutest little restaurant right in your Ahwatukee backyard! The service is great, wine selection is pretty standard and the food is delicious! I don't think there's ever an evening where this place hasn't been busy!We tend to order the antipasta salad with their house dressing. This dressing you could drink straight out of the bottle it's THAT good! The mozzarella is always fresh and they place large slices of it around the plate.The calzones are little pockets of heaven. You can create your own unique combo of ingredients or stick to one off the menu. Whatever your decision, it's sure not to disappoint! The pizzas are AMAZING! The dough is pillow-like but able to support a plethora of sauce and toppings. There are plenty of pizzas to choose from and again, you can't go wrong because all the ingredients are fresh!There's always a special posted on the chalkboard sign out front...and it's usually named after a regular customer.
5	Great pizza and drinks right in my backyard. I can literally walk across the street for dinner. The pizza was amazing! The draft selection is pretty good and wine. It was not too busy and very laid back atmosphere. I will definitely add this to my new favorite spot in my area. The wait staff was also very timely and helpful.
5	Best pizza in ahwatukee hands down. It's also the kind of place that reminds me of home which is a great compliment.
5	Delicious!!!! We had a hard time finding a good "pizza place" coming from the East Coast and had our fair share of disappointing pies over the past 3 1/2 years. We were given a gift card to Florencia and now I'm mad we didn't start coming here sooner!!! I'm obsessed with the Winchester which is a white pie with chicken, mushrooms, and feta. My husband is an easy extra cheese and pepperoni guy and it never disappoints! We get small individual pies and I'm always satisfied after half so I get to save the rest and relive the "yummy" for lunch the next day. For the two small pies it's about $24 which is really no different than we've paid for large pies (to share) from mediocre places. The inside is really quite cute and though we've only done takeout, we'll definitely be dining in sooner than later. The hostesses and ladies behind the bar are always super friendly when we go pick up our food and I appreciate the "family" feel of the restaurant. Definitely a favorite!!
4	Great pizza, great service, nice ambiance.  I am taking a star away because there are UofA signs in the bar and, since we are in Phoenix and not Tucson, it sort of ruins my appetite.  Go Devils!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
