5	Being from NY I grew acustom to getting good mediterian food, but since i have lived out here Ive been forced to the commercial places like Pita Jungle. This place blows them all away! I feel like im home again!
5	One of my favorite new restaurants in town with great atmosphere and terrific food.  The talented chef (Nir Cohen) and the staff are welcoming and make you feel right at home. The modern Mediterranean and Israeli menu are fresh, full of authentic flavor and reasonably priced.  Great place for important lunch meeting or a family dinner.
5	Great food, great service, great ambiance.
4	They've only been open a few weeks, but Kitchen 18 is already doing a fabulous job with their (kosher) food, service, and ambiance.  I went to meet some girlfriends for dinner the other night, and we all were delighted to see that the place was jammed.  Lucky for us, there was one table open when we arrived, and it seemed to have our name on it!  The hostess was friendly as was our server, and we were impressed by the wide selection on the menu.  None of us keep kosher, but we were intrigued that there were plenty of fresh and healthy options.  We started with the hummus appetizer to share and we also tried the salami and fig bruschetta.  The hummus was a tad on the bland side, but I loved that they served it with warm fluffy pita (white and wheat) and delicious pickles and peppers too.  The bruschetta was tasty... I can't compare it to Postino (my fave place for bruschetta) as you can't possibly compare kosher salami bruschetta to something quite the opposite, but it was good.For our entrees, I had the Israeli salad with schwarma and really enjoyed it.  It was a large portion, so I boxed half of it to take home, but it was colorful, filling, and seasoned just right. One of my friends had the sliders and the other went with steak, which they both enjoyed.  Oh, and I ate more than a few of the sweet potato fries that came with the steak - they were delicious!We shared a tiramisu dessert which didn't disappoint, even being dairy free!  (The kitchen happens to be entirely dairy free, so don't ask for a cheese burger when you go!)I love that the attached market stays open late, so I did a little bit of shopping after our meal.  I highly recommend a product they carry called "popcorners."  They are popped corn chips and totally addicting!  There are tons of other unique kosher food items at the market too and an entire jewish gift shop as well (which I believe is in the process of being remodeled).I look forward to returning to Kitchen 18 again soon... It's moderately priced and conveniently located on the Southeast corner of Scottsdale and Shea.  Whether you're keeping kosher, trying to eat healthy, or none of the above, there is something for everyone on the menu.
5	This restaurant was a great find! Everything was fresh, healthy and the taste was amazing!! I will be back the next time I am in Scottsdale.
4	So I keep Kosher. Options in the valley are few and far.I think Kitchen18 is up to par with larger cities Kosher options.I am not into the health foods and all and was skeptic when I first went to eat there my first time. However I keep going back! Their service has been great.Their Gluten free Chocolate cake was better than most traditional chocolate cakes I've had.I was very impressed with their appetizers. I have not tried most items on their menu however their pita is heaven and anything they serve that with is a big hit!I recommend it to all my friends, kosher and non kosher eaters.
3	The food was quite good and the server was very nice; however, the outside seating on the patio is filthy.  Pigeons living overhead and piles of pigeon poop all over the floor.  Really???  My friend and I were careful to only look at eachother and not even risk a glance sideways at the nasty bird excrement all over the place.  Get rid of the birds and CLEAN THE PLACE!
5	Pretty cool place.  Because I checked in and got 15% off for doing so, I am switching my 4 star to a 5 star.  The food was great and I love places that give yelpers a deal!
3	My friend wanted to go to a Vegetarian restaurant since she doesn't eat meat. I really wanted to try this place since it got almost 5 stars. First off, I am definitely NOT a vegetarian. I need my meat in my life! lol. But I'm always open to trying new things. =) We ordered the hummus to start which I thought was quite tasty. It was actually a pretty big portion. Most places I go to I always run out of Pita bread. lol. I then ordered the Bowtie Bolognese. I thought it was ok. It wasn't the best thing I've ever had or the worse. I thought it was a bit bland and maybe could've used some vegetables with it. I liked the fact that they have vegan dishes AND entrees with meat in it as well. The best part? I got 15% off of my order thanks to Yelp! Woo Hoo! lol. It's a very cute, cozy restaurant and I liked the environment. Not to mention the customer service was very friendly. They close at 9 though so you'll have to go early. It's quite far for me as well so I probably wouldn't come back unless my Vegetarian friend really wanted to. =)
4	Kitchen 18 is strictly Kosher and this means it starts out with limitations:1)  It cannot be open Friday evening or Saturday.2)  It can use meat products or milk products, but not both (Kitchen 18 uses meat).3)  It cannot use pork or shellfish or a number of other foods which are not kosher.4)  Even for permitted foods, like beef, it must use only certified Kosher versions, which can be more expensive and sometimes hard to get.The 4-star rating reflects these limitations.Furthermore, Kitchen 18 is not your usual Kosher deli.  Rather it features Middle Eastern cuisine and thus should be judged as a neighborhood ethnic restaurant.That said, the dining experience here is pretty good.  The food is always properly prepared, attractively presented, and tasty.  The menu is limited but has enough variety so that you will surely find something. Many people think the chicken shnitzel is the best dish but also consider the Bowtie pasta bolognese which is very meat. The ambiance is casual but comfortable.  And, for a kosher restaurant, it's very reasonably priced.If you only eat kosher, this is probably the best choice in the Phoenix area.  If you are not kosher but like Middle Eastern food, it's worth a try because of the friendly, casual atmosphere and the reasonable price.HINTS:  The hummous needs lemon!  If you order it ask for a couple of lemon wedges and mix the juice in.  Surprising - since the chef seems to be very talented.The pita bread served with many items is the best I have ever found.  You can also buy it packaged at the adjacent store.
5	True Kosher restaurants are few and far between in the Valley of the Sun and so we decided to visit Kitchen 18.  It is a new restaurant started less than a year ago.  It appears that most of the ownership and staff have spent a great deal of their lives in Israel.Note that the restaurant is closed on Friday evening and Saturday.  Rather busy for a Sunday afternoon and it took a while to get our order in.  The decor is modern and very cool and the presentation of the food was excellent.We ordered the "signature falafel"  and it was flavorful.  The pita that went with it which is made fresh all during the day was fluffy and excellent.  We then ordered the Israeli salad with shawarma and also the shawarma pita sandwich (which came with a side of sweet potato fries or french fries and quinoa or israeli salad).  The shawarma was flavorful and the salad though nothing exotic made for a good combination.  The shawarma sandwich was huge.  The food was plentiful and so we had to pack quite a bit of the salad to take home with us.The service was very good and the staff was very attentive.  It is wonderful to see family run restaurants serving wonderful home style and wholesome meals.  The menu and food could use some fine tuning but it is a restaurant that I would visit again.After our meal we visited the store adjacent to the restaurant that sells kosher products.
5	Great food, awesome service (thank you Chase) and very reasonable pricing.  Next time I'm in the area I will definitely be stopping by again!
1	Don't believe the hype...this place was hard to find and when we finally did we were not impressed. We were not greeted by any staff upon arrival, service and food were sub-par.  I grew up eating food like this and was looking forward to a good meal, unfortunately that is not what we got! Aside from that, it was one of the strangest dining experiences we have ever had. We could also see into the kitchen from our seats...not good. Needless to say, we will not be going back.
4	Don't be fooled by the reasonable prices and small size of this restaurant. The portions are quite generous and the food is excellent. The chicken soup had chunks of real chicken, the sort of chicken I remember fondly as a child. The grass fed beef sliders were exceptional, with beef that was lean and tasted like beef. The pita was the best I have ever had. The Turkey Beef schwarma was very good, flavorful and moist. The hummus and the Israeli salad were very good. This is a small place with friendly service and an informal feel. Expand the menu a little and expand the room so the kitchen wasn't visible and it would get a five.
4	A good little Kosher veggie restaurant in Scottsdale. Not very big portions but filled with wonderful flavor.
5	The atmosphere in this restaurant is nice!  They offer the only kosher bar that I know of in the city.  The food is excellent and most things are made from scratch.  I asked the waitress about the wait time on chicken  soup, as I had read the review here that said it was a bit long, she said this was because it is made from scratch. They actually cut up the meat, add stock and fresh cut veggies and the perfect amount of spices.  It was truly worth the wait.  The portions are large and the prices really good.  It is a scratch kitchen, which means that everything is made right when you order it.  It is a tough balance to walk between really good, fresh food and trying to please customers who don't have a lot of time.  Kitchen 18 seems to do a good job at both.  You don't have to be Kosher to enjoy this restaurant.  Anyone who likes good meats and fresh, healthy food will love it.
5	So thankful to find smashing shawarma and a tidy unique beer selection next to my massage studio at Salon Studios. I lived in Chicago and have tried many many terrific pita sammies. This ranks up there with all the great ones. Service was super friendly. Stop by the specialty store for kosher-food selections and merchandise.
4	Stopped in here today for a late lunch.  It is a small place only about 7 tables and about half of the tables were taken.  We ordered the soup which comes in a big bowl and the carrot bisque with the sage is very very tasty.  I would recommend.  I wish they served the soup with crackers or something.  But if you ask for some bread which the make themselves they will bring some pipping out challah bread for you to eat and it was very good, of course they have no butter because they do not serve anything with dairy... The bowtie bolgnese pasta is very good and even though the menu says spicy suace - it was not spicy for any of us and we hate spicy dishes.  Also we sent the veggie pita back, was not to appetizing and enjoyed the chicken salad sandwich with the sides of salad and sweet potato fries.  I ordered the quinoa salad which was just alright nothing to write home about.  They do get crowded on Sunday evenings and they bathrooms need some upkeeping.  Both Rick and Amanda were very pleasant.  We will be going back again to try the grass fed beef burgers and some other stuff.  for the 3 of each we all ordered soup, hot tea and entrees the total with tax was just under $60....They just celebrated they one year anniversary,,,,It is a very small place inside but definitely worth a try especially if you like wholesome organic home made food with a twist.
4	Really surprised by how much I enjoyed Kitchen 18. I am Jewish, but usually am not a fan of Kosher restaurants. Excellent cuts of meat here and I am a big fan of their hummus. I have even tried their gluten free chocolate cake and loved it. I have been here 3-4 times and only once did not come away impressed by the wait time and the staff. I'd definitely recommend Kitchen 18 to someone who doesn't want to spend a lot of money and enjoys quality food.
4	Nice having a kosher restaurant so close to home. Surprisingly busy for a Monday night. I only had the hummus platter so I have to come back for the Shnitzle
3	big portion. can't go wrong for Mediterranean food, its not stellar but satisfying.
5	My husband and I ate here tonight and our experience was wonderful. We knew we would be arriving late so we called them and they were so accommodating and told us it would be fine. Their last seating is officially 8:15 & we got there 8:20. The ambiance is beautiful, classy and clean. Not super upscale but definitely nicer than average. Amanda was very helpful on the phone with directions and greeted us when we came in. Rick was our waiter and a native of Scottsdale. He was very friendly and told us some useful information about the area. BUT THE FOOD. O.M.G. I am sooo glad we went here. Alex, a young chef of 19, is unbelievable. Her meat is just so perfect and tender and all was super tasty. I had the Yemenite soup and burger 18 with vegetables instead of fries. The soup was out of this world and VERY generously sized bowl. THE BURGER. I have never had a burger without ketchup until tonight. I like my meat well done but juicy...a hard combination to master but Alex nailed it. Yum!!!  The ceaser salad that comes with the burger is small and wasn't that good. The steamed vegetables were very good. My husband had grilled vegetables as an appetizer. They were delicious but the portion size was small. He had schwarma and Israeli salad for his main and said both were good. it comes with pita and he said that was great. I personally am not big on schwarma, but he seemed to enjoy his meal very much. The chef hung out with us after we finished eating and told us some tips. She was super nice, humble, and friendly. Thanks for such a wonderful experience. :)
2	Maybe an off night. Server seemed too busy to be alone.  Many dirty tables. When we asked for two he looked annoyed not greeting.  Waited a bit but we get busy. He forgot my boyfriends soup.  My Shrawhma was ok. Cous Cous was bland. I liked my boyfriends schnitzel, he thought dry. All and all food did not make up for lack of service.  Doubtful to return.
5	My family and I went to Kitchen 18 this week on a Tuesday afternoon for lunch. We were taking our kids to Taliesin West to visit and we needed a place for lunch that was vegetarian friendly as I am a veg and my wife is mostly veg. Our kids are 100% still carnivores so we needed a place to satisfy all needs. I searched for a vegetarian restaurant near where we were and Kitchen 18 came up!  I decided to try it and it was definitely worth the short ride to Scottsdale/Shea. We are not Jewish and do not follow Kosher laws. We are faithful Christians that try to eat higher quality and organic  foods as much as possible. I have not eaten at a Kosher restaurant since moving to AZ 8 years ago from New Jersey. I have always appreciated the quality and higher standards of Kosher food, so I knew this place would be good. Boy, I was 100% right in that assumption. The food was excellent and the service was superb! We started with the hummus/babaganoush plate to share and it was excellent. The baba was the best I have ever had and it was so happy that it did not contain yogurt as so many of them do. Being Kosher, the dairy is not allowed to be served in the same restaurant or even prepared in the same kitchen. I do not consume animal products at all, so this was awesome! The pita wedges were homemade, fluffy and delicious! The hummus was mild tasting but creamy and wonderful. Plus it came with black olives and Israeli pickles. For the meal, my wife ordered the carrot soup and the grilled veggies platter. I did not try the soup but she said it was very fresh and delicious. The grilled veggies were seasoned nicely, smoky and satisfying. I had the veggie pita sandwich that came with a mound of sweet potato fries and a side of rice (basmati) with grilled mushrooms. The sandwich was made with the same homemade pita and it was fantastic! The rice was cooked well but needed a little more salt, but otherwise was great. The kids had the Kitchen 18 burger which was a grass-fed beef patty on a wonderful Challah roll served with a mound of french fries. My son was a little upset that he could not order bacon and cheese on his burger, but I think he survived just fine. ;). The burger looked well made and was cooked perfectly to order. The fries looked fresh cut and were cooked well. The staff was friendly and attentive to our needs without being overbearing. Our drinks were brought out quickly and the timing of the meal was perfect. Granted it was a slow Tuesday afternoon, but I am sure the service is good all the time. We did not have room for dessert but wanted to try the carrot cake or the chocolate cake. Maybe another time! We do not get over to Scottsdale that often as we live on the west side of town but will 100% consider Kitchen 18 again. Back on the east coast (and before I was vegan) I ate at quite a few Kosher restaurants and delis in my past and Kitchen 18 is as good or better than any of them. I look forward to going back and trying the falafel wrap and having more of the delicious pita and hummus. Shalom. L'hitraot. Toda.
5	We had just gotten off of the plane and called to inquire about a wait or reservations. The gentleman that answered the phone was helpful. We hung up. I called back to inquire about ordering ahead because we were going straight to a family event. The same gentleman was very helpful and patient. Our food was correct AND amazing!!! We are coming from Memphis where there aren't many options but the grass fed burger was amazing! Service was good! And the meal came with a choice of salads and a side. My husband had the regular fries that were great and a large portion with a Caesar salad and I had veggies and a quinoa salad. We ordered Shabbas dinner for the next night as well! We can't wait to go back! Great experience and food!!!
4	Enjoyed the setting and the surrounding pretty good food. They were way understaffed that day but I understand how it goes in the restaurant business so that wasn't a big deal. So all in all for a kosher restaurant they did pretty well
3	It was busy and noisy - lots of families there.  You order your food and then they bring to you.  Not my style.  I enjoy service and atmosphere busy and fast pac.  Good food but hard to visit!  Service was fast.
5	By chance I managed to show up here at an off hour and I was the only customer. I got to talk to waiter. The chef is from Israel. They use all natural organic ingredients and everything's made from scratch. It shows!The food was amazballs! I'm telling you, if you're in the Scottsdale area hit this place up. Plus if you check-in on Yelp you get 15% off. Side note: I asked what's up with the name. The number 18 is lucky in Judaism.
5	Amazing food.  Great service.  Love the beef kabob and the shwarma.  Can't wait to eat here again.
1	Disappointed. Sliders are all bread. Wings aren't good. Should've tried something more Mediterranean.
