5	Great restaurant!  Just opened. Let me say its great to see a Mexican restaurant in Phoenix bringing back home style Mexican food. Phoenix has been influenced by filibertos style food. But this does it as it should be. They use Angus beef for asada tacos, they shred their own cheese, have handmade tortillas, fry their own chips, make the salsa fresh evetyday with a salsa bar, homemade lemonade,  cocktail shrimp is delicious have a sweet flavor that reminds me of a homemade only flavor. Tacos were also great! I had the tacos de pastor and cabeza. The pastor was sweet and spicy great grill taste paired with their tomatillo salsa.The cabeza was extremely tender, just like mom can only make.  I wish the best for this place. Try it you won't be disappointed.
1	Let me just start with this, the food is good. Now the reason I'm giving it 1 star is the poor customer service. I placed an order at 12:26pm and I did not receive my food until 12:54pm, almost 30 minutes later! We asked the girl working the register as to why is was taking so long and all she could say was there a big order placed over the phone prior to us arriving. We asked why she couldn't have at least told us that it might take longer than usual for our food since there was a large order placed over the phone and she couldn't give us an answer. I did enjoy the food, but not the 30 minute wait for it.
5	I only came to this restaurant because I grew up going to Lazy Lou's, the previous restaurant owners. I walked in mostly interested in how it had changed but ended up ordering carne asada tacos and a tostada de ceviche... amazing! Not only was the food delicious, but they had EXCELLENT customer service. I was very pleasantly surprised! I'm already going back for the 2nd time this week.
5	my go to mexican restaurant now!  inexpensive and delicious!  everything is very fresh and well prepared.  I typically get the chicken taco with their homemade tortilla, the bean tostada, and the ceviche tostada.  their ceviche is the best I have had in the city.  not to mention their salsa is always fresh, a little hot, and very good with the free chips.  ummmmm!!!
5	Taco Kissi - Perfect Score!27th Ave & Bethany HomeCost: $1.5Service: 5 of 5, very friendly and nice. Presentation: 5 of 5, wrapped and chips included.Taste 5 of 5, Meat was warm, flavorful, add your own toppings, HANDMADE TORTILLAS! Awesome cheesecake. This place was so good I went back the next day!
5	Best little surprise. Had the small tacos which hit the spot and surprisingly the sushi was damn good. Who knew!?The service was solid too.
5	Absolutely the BEST!!!! I Seriously come here all the time, at least twice a week. This is in no way a hit-or-miss kind of place, there food is consistently delicious. Being from Mexico (Baja), I am incredibly picky when it comes to tacos... I moved here back in the summer of '05 and this is the only place in all of Arizona where the tacos, from the taste of the meat to the wonderful salsas, taste just like the ones from back home. When you dine in, they always bring you some free chips, and there salsa bar has a great variety of yummy topping to throw on their already yummy food. And guess what? If you're a sushi fan, I have had two different rolls so far and they are both AMAZING! Besides all the culinary masterpieces, the family that owns this small business are the most kindhearted and hard-working people I have ever met. Go and you will not be disappointed. A mis amigos hispanos: Si quieren unos tacos como los de casa, las mejores salsas, y el mejor servicio, TIENEN QUE IR! Despues de comer en Tacos Kissi, preparense para los antojos todos los dias!! Jajaja...
5	Awesome Mexican food. If u want authentic this is the place. Too many berto this and berto that has clouded the taste buds of AZ residents. If you want ur mouth to have a fiesta then try the tacos with any if their homemade salsas!!
4	These tacos are fantastic!   Some of the best I've had in a long while!  The service was excellent and I had very little to complain about while walking out of that place!
5	Food is amazing!  Friendly staff and welcoming environment.  Although it looks shady on the outside the place is amazing and the food is fresh and delicious
5	So delicious!! My new favorite place. Sushi was actually better than I've had at a lot of sushi joints. Great customer service too!
5	Fantastic! I don't understand how this place isn't bangin' with a line out the door. Sushi, great flavors but I really got to agree with the other reviewer when she said she hasn't had tacos this good out of Mexico. Neither have I, and man have I been chasing that flavor. Carne Asada baby, with a side of sushi. Sounds gross? Oh no, its sooooo good. Damn!
5	Amazing! Everything taste soooo authentic just like in Mexico. Salsa is fresh spicy and perfect! Free chips soooo crunchy and yummy.  I love love their shrimp cocktail and ceviche so fresh so cheap and flavorful. I love how they have many option to choose from . Hands down best taco shop in phx! :)
4	Just came here today. No mexican roots but I know my mexican food.  Great street tacos. Your chioce of soft corn or flour tortilla. I had the asada, pastor and chicken fajita tacos. Chicken fajita was the best.  It was tender juicy and delicious.  The pastor came in second and was flavorful. Asada taco was a little dry and had a small bone that could have broke a tooth! Horchata was made in house and yummy. Not too sweet; the way I like it. Salsas were fresh and delicious too! Tomatillo salsa is awesome! Nice little salsa bar and free chips for those eating in.  All in all a great little place and one I would come back to. Nothing to look at but good food. I look forward to trying other things on the menu but will probably pass on the asada taco next time.
5	Ordered food to go in the last thirty minutes before close. Ordered four ceviche tostadas and were very nice, called back two minutes later to change it from two tostadas to two fish tacos and they said no problem. When we got there they were friendly and the place was clean and seem to have a few customers.
4	Get that torta. Fresh bread. The best fries. Eat in so you can get the homemade chips. Make sure you pour the green sauce on the torta. Bomb! Sorry no pic. By the time I thought about Yelp, torta was gone.
5	I was so pissed off last night when i ordered a torta from fillibertos.  It was disgusting...all the carnitas was burnt to hell...etc...i was so mad- that tonight I set out to find a delicious torta. I found Kissi...WOW.That was the best torta I have ever had. I had the pierna...the bread was very fresh, the meat was soft and perfect...ordered everything on it and added pico de gayo. I am pretty consistent and when i find something i like i stick with it. This is now my torta place.Oh and they were very nice...i have never seen a menu like that, they explained all the different stuff...never heard of "pastor" or "pierna", etc...Awesome.
5	Love this place i am a regular there at least 3 times a week! Tostadas de carne. Desebrada is my. Favorite!!
5	Carne Asada tacos are where it's at! Soooo delicious!
5	Carne Asade, flour tortillas were the bomb!  I am so happy to have found this place, I can't believe I drove by it everyday for a year saying I'll stop later! The only downfall...I am a night owl ...they are not open 24-7.
4	We ordered a variety of things. Pleasantly surprised by the tacos de cabeza and the mar y tierra sushi roll. Definitely coming back.
5	You drive past, you see this place.  The sign says Tacos Kissi, then you see it says tacos and sushi.  You think this is weird.  You drive past.  You have just made a huge mistake.Do yourself a favor go in.  Eat some tacos, then try the sushi, cause, what the heck, right?The sushi is delicious.  It is not traditional at all, start with the Kissi roll, then try the Mar Y Tierra.  Surf and turf all in one.The tacos are incredible, all tortillas are made in house, and the meats are great.  My favorite is the tripas.  Crunchy yet soft.  The carne asada is also great.Come back, try a torta.  You will be back again, and again.
5	SOOOO GOOD!!!!Some of the best carne asada I have had in a long time served with fresh hand made tortillas. I can't wait to come back and try the sushi, I did not leave room in my stomach this visit.
5	You would never expect a combination Mexican restaurant/sushi restaurant to work. I was a little hesitant at first myself. But, we found this place on Yelp, and decided to give it a try. Very nice staff and excellent food! The sushi really works the way they do it! Lots of variety all with a Mexican flair.  The flavors are great and the variety is really good. Tortillas are all handmade to order and have a lot of flavor. But the sushi really is the unique. Definitely try this when you come. I don't think you will be disappointed with anything on the menu. Cannot wait to come back again!
5	Great prices! The salsas were really good and fresh, the tacombo was worth it!  4 tacos with fresh made tortillas and a bowl of really good beans for around $8. The mar y tierra sushi is delicious!  And I recommend the horachata.
5	Ok, I've passed by this place a number of times now and the parking lot has been packed. So today it was empty so I hopped in and placed a quick order for an asada taco, chicken fajita taco and a desebrada (shredded beef) taco. Add a Mexican Coke and total was $7.01. Fast out to the table. It's a neat concept, build your own street tacos. Pick your tortilla type, I chose flour. I added fresh onion, a little cilantro, fresh pico and the sauce of my choice. Awesome. It's hard to declare a favorite meat, each one was good. And filled my tortillas well. No skimping on the meat at all. Chips also came with my order. Love the sauces. My head is still sweating as I type this. I will be back again and again.
5	Tacos Kissi is owned and operated by the Kissi family.  Ruby is the cook and her son Hymen is the front of house.  Best mexican I have had in a long long time.  Damn it's good. Fresh salsa and amazing tripas, carne, al pastor, lengua, and everything else.  Haven't tried the sushi.  I have been here 10 times this week no joke.  The torts combo with fries is buy bueno.  I mean exceptionally good for $7 and change.  Love it.
5	First time here. Found it on yelp. Tried the hotdog tastes really straight out of mexico. And also the sopes legit! Strongly recommed if you want real mexican food
5	I've lived in this area for so long and finally I went. This is the best Mexican food I ever had and they are nice and polite. The carne asada was high quality. The prices were just right . it's just good. The beans had cheese in them and were great.
4	Awesome! Awesome! Awesome! Loved this place! Great little spot, fresh salsa bar, fresh shrimp, good service.
4	This place intrigues me.  The reason I first went was because of the blaring "Mexican Sushi" sign.  And I was hungry.  And hot.The first time I actually didn't try a sushi roll (tight on cash...blame teachers' salaries).  I enjoyed some shrimp tacos (limited options for a pescatarian, unfortunately) and a cup of elote!  It was delicious.  Lots of salsas at the condiment bar, too.The second time I did order some sushi, though I forget which roll.  I also had a cocktail de camaron, which was super yum.  The sushi was OK.  I didn't see how it was "Mexican," though it was fried and a little heavy on the cream cheese.  I'd like to try another.  Next time.  Service, over the course of two visits, was fine.  They took my order and brought my food to the table.  That's about as far as it went.  Price is pretty good, too.  A dollar or two less would be nice, but as is is totally fair :)Environment is almost nil.  There are neutral colored walls and floors with relatively nondescript seating.  The one thing that does stand out is the counter of Mexican candies next to the cash register.This place is a mile away, so next time it's not over 90 and I have some money, I'll hit them up again.
5	This place is the bomb prices are reasonable  the food is really good not much to look at but its wort going the meats are tender I'll go again! It. Doesn't want to post
5	Great food and service, good price also.
5	Love this place. Close to my house, reasonably priced and everything have tried on the menu has been delicious. My favorite is the Tacocombo, Carne asada burritos are awesome.
5	This is one of my new favorite spots.  Their food is great and their customer service is fantastic.  The onwner is very friendly and is always there making sure our experience is great.  Their tortas are so good, I would highly recommend and their tacos are also super tasty.   By the way they make fresh tortillas for your tacos.  I would really recommend this place if you like Mexican food, you must check it out.
5	So last night was my first visit to Tacos Kissi. I ordered the carne asada tacos and the Kissi Roll. I can't tell you how good these tacos where!  I've had a lot of street tacos at many different restaurants around town and these are the best! These tacos are a little larger than average street tacos you get at most restaurants and not only are they generous with the meat but it is seasoned soo well. I liked the fact that you get your choice of corn or flour tortillas, I chose the flour, and I'm sure they are homemade. They also have a fresh salsa bar with several choices (I recommend the tomatillo) as well as fresh cilantro, onion and cabbage. The Kissi Roll was also very good, not as good as the tacos but on a scale of 1-10 I would rate the roll a 7. Very reasonable prices and the restaurant itself is extremely clean and tidy. Needless to say I went back for a second visit today. ;)
3	I went to Tacos Kissi because my boyfriend had gone and told me that they were pretty good. Plus, they had "Mexican sushi" and he wanted to try that. They had several different kinds of sushi (probably 10 different ones), but they all were fried and had cream cheese.  I don't remember which one we got, but I remember that it was kind of greasy and had too, too much cream cheese. I didn't like it and would not order the "Mexican sushi" again. I really have no idea what even made it Mexican.  No salsa. No jalapenos. Nothing Mexicany about it.I also ordered a carne asada torta, which was pretty average, but still delicious.  I would definitely go back, but not for the sushi.
4	I tried the shrimp cocktail and four tacos special with the cowboy beans, shrimp cocktail was awesome and the street tacos were yummy.  The salsa bar was really good to put it on it was all fresh and their tortilla chips didn't taste like they were a week old they were great I'll definitely go back there
5	Finally stopped in after seeing it all the time. I'm so glad I did, definitely my new favorite taco spot. We ordered the tacombo with 2 carne asada tacos and 2 pastor. The tacos were perfection in my eyes. The perfect street taco. We each topped them with cabbage and salsa from the salsa bar. The salsa was amazing. We also ordered the ruby roll. It had shrimp and avocado wrapped in FRIED rice. Best idea ever. They brought us a spicy mayonnaise and a soy sauce.. The mayo was to die for. Prices were right, service was great. I'll be back next week!
5	I have been here a few times for lunch and it's great food. I have gotten a Barito and tacos both are great.
5	I remember passing this place one day, and wondering 'what the heck is Mexican sushi?' I'm a huge sushi fanatic, so I was curious. It's different from the traditional sushi I am used to, but I love it.I always get the same roll and it's the kissi roll. It's like shimp tempura, but everything is fried and there's cream cheese in it. It's very good, and super fulfilling. And so cheap because you get huge pieces.As the Mexico food, ahhhhhh. I love it, too. You start with complimentary chips and salsa, while waiting for your food to come. I usually order the same thing when I come here (I've been here numerous times), the carne asada fries. Hands down best ones I've tried. My boyfriend usually get the tacos, and the tortillas are hand-made so you know those are good. :) Their horchata is also tasty :)Their customer service is good, too. We've gotten great service and sometimes they give us discounts and free stuff, too :)
4	I got the kissi rolls, different but definitely good. Also the carne asada fries. Fries weren't a big proportion like other restaurants but we're definitely alot better quality ingredients and carne asada was cooked to order rather than left under a lamp. The restaurant was clean and the family that runs the place are very nice. Great customer service, I'll definitely be coming back.
4	Went on a chilly Sunday night in December.Its small and nondescript but I liked it.The man behind the counter was very helpful and friendly.  Laid back place, Univision on TV in the background, strangely enough, zero X mas decorations (fine with me), and a simple, yet fresh salsa bar.  Got 4 taco meal, 2 carne and pastor.  The beans were really good, like a bean soup almost, went over well on a cold night.  The tacos were simple and perfect.  The plate came with a drink, and tried the Lemonada juice they had.  Fresh and simple. Tried a small shrimp cocktail, very nice indeed.Didn't try the sushi, just wanted tacos and a nice quiet place to eat but something a little out of the norm.Something about this place is indeed cool, can't put my finger on it, but seems a little more creative about the simple menu.I will def. be back.  Oh, and very reasonable prices.
