1	I had recently moved to Arizona from Michigan. I had horrible allergies in Michigan, and completely naive that my allergies would be just as bad in Arizona. When I went to the Sonoran Allergy and Asthma Center, I expected to receive excellent service. Which was not the case at all. When I went into the center, I had requested a blood work instead of a skin test (because I had just had one a month ago). The nurse then continued to tell me that the skin test is more accurate then the blood test. And also the doctor would not approve of a blood test. During my skin test I had a gentleman test me for asthma (which was the only good experience I had at the office). Also during my test, the nurse came in and gave me a 5 page document to read over carefully about allergy shots, since she knew the doctor would recommend these to me. She then went on to hand me information about Epi Pen(Which I told her I already had, and knew how to use); Allergy information about soy and eggs (Which I already knew I was allergic to, and I had told her that before we even started the skin test). When I told her I do not  need this pile of papers, because I would hate to see such a waste in paper, she told me to bad! And then proceeded to ask me if I read the long pamphlet of allergy shots. Then finally the doctor came in. Proceeded to tell me why I needed the allergy shots and she strongly encouraged me to participate in the shots. I said I would have to think about it, the hours for the lab did not match up with my new career I just started. She then left. And the nurse came back in. This time the nurse was pressuring me even more about the allergy shots. Saying that my insurance would cover it, and there is really no reason not to get the shots. At this point I was done! I was sick and tired of being pushed a sale. So I went home, and researched everything the nurse had told me. Come to find out the blood test is more accurate and less harmful to the patient. But because the blood work is sent to the outside lab, they lose out on MONEY! So the pressure the patients into receiving a skin test instead. The other reason why they were trying so hard to give me the allergy shots, (even before the doctor ever saw me), is because the allergy shots is a 5 year commitment to give them MONEY!This doctors office is only for profit. Which you can tell once you walk through the door and see the elaborate seating and fancy decoration. I would recommend you not fall into their tricks, make sure that you have done the research, and go to a doctor who is caring for their patients. I hate seeing doctors offices like this, and  can not stand the thought of people supporting this kind of service.
5	This was the most thorough exam and consultation I've had since I was first diagnosed with asthma 21 years ago at age 4.My asthma always seems to go away for the winter and show up again in the spring when everything comes into bloom.  This year was especially bad.I've always worried about daily inhalers because over time they can make things worse so I was relieved to finally see a doctor whose approach was more holistic and involved allergy shots and not just steroids!I was given medications but also was given a treatment plan so that as my allergies improve over time (with allergy shots), I won't be stuck taking these meds forever.  YAY!I left feeling empowered to conquer my allergies & asthma over the next year.  Dr. Ispas-Ponas gave me a comprehensive set if tools to use for immediate relief and long term therapy.   I'm comforted to finally have a doctor who isn't into one-note treatments that only combat symptoms in the short term.I feel like I have to comment on what another reviewer said about the office being about profit:  I didn't experience that at all!
5	Today was my son's first appt at Sonoran Allergy.  Immediately upon arriving the staff was great, not stuffy like to many medical offices today but welcoming.  They bent over backwards to make us feel welcome and comfortable.  When we saw Dr. Ispas you could immediately tell that she has a passion for what she does.  It was so refreshing to visit a doctor that LOVES what they do.  She worked quickly and offered my son several alternatives to his daily breathing treatments.  I felt that we are now treating something vs just medicating something!  Great staff and Great doc!
5	I started seeing Dr. Ispas in 2009 for my severe allergies. Dr. Ispas and staff are very knowledgable and very caring.  I have had a couple allergy tests done here and so far so good! I've learned that I have nut allergies that have been contributing to my severe migraines. Since eliminating those from my diet I have been feeling so much better and haven't needed to use as much migraine medication, which is great because it is very expensive!  Everyone at the office is so nice too.  That is always a big plus!
