4	I am so happy to have eaten here. My stomach and mouth have joined forces to write a thank you letter to the chef. It reads: Dear Chef, thank you for the oysters. They were decadent. Superb. Lovely. Coupled with my white wine, I was happy and  fulfilled. Then, chef, you introduced my to halloumi. Halloumi and its soulmate, eggplant. I never knew... I knew to eat these things separately... but together... together is something dreams are made of. Next, quail and beet salad. Both of these dishes were delights, although my heart lives with halloumi and his wife aubergine henceforth. But these were just the appetizers!! The main was the wall-eye. I grew up near the water and have caught these bad boys myself. I've had my share of wall-eye and this wall-eye was delicious! Cooked just right and served to please. You make a cottage country girl proud. Lastly, the cheese platter. I have never seen such a beautiful wooden dolly full of cheeses from Quebec and beautiful accompaniments - apricot marmalade with mustard seed to name just one! This cheese. So good. The ambience in this place is lovely - wooden touches and teal painted walls. A lovely spot on rue Bernard tucked next to Cheskie's. Warm. That middle ground between charming and elegant. Bring your friends here :) It is such a wonderful addition to this street!
5	I came and swooned and consumed and thought How Beautiful and Comfortable! And how Chalereux the service! So easy going, smart and comfortable! Such a beautiful well-appointed cozy room painted a warm green with bright white moldings like you find in all our old apartments here, and thick vintage wooden tables and buffets.And the food. The food. The food. The PEI and Nove Scotia oysters were so sweet and fresh and amazing and the mignonette was classic and perfect. The grilled buttery halloumi is my new favourite food and I loved the beet salad with goat cheese as well. The quail was very tasty but warning for the vegetarians and the faint of heart, this comes with claws and face. Freaked me, for one. I loved the dry Greek white wine our charming waiter suggested and just the whole smart easy going feeling here. And the beautiful cheese cart that puts all dessert carts to shame in my heart with its gooey savoury goodness pushed me over the edge to 5 stars. I'll be back for sure, beautiful new option in the neighbourhood for dining with wise friends and loved ones. Apps were around $12, mains around $25, wine and cocktails in the $10-$15 range.
4	Delicious food. Great atmosphere. The food and wine were a revelation but the highlight of the night was definitely the luxurious cheese plate. I would go back just for the cheese selection! My only complaint is that the prices were on the steep side.
4	Went to Anabel last week and was pleasantly surprised. I liked the atmosphere and the food was delicious. We had a nice bottle of wine and enjoyed the experience. Although Anabel is a little pricy, I think you get what you pay for. Next time I will pass on the deep-fried Oreos - a bit too much for my taste.
