3	Location is everything. Located on my usual stumble home, Pizza Extreme is quickly becoming my 3 AM stop of choice.  Bring a couple of friends, randomly select 5 items (ranging from chicken drummies to pizza of decent quality), and head home to play some Tekken.  If you're a couple 7&7's into your night, you will not be disappointed.
4	Possibly the best pizza in town, and they deliver.  Lots of other stuff on the menu too.  Pizza is plentiful in college towns (Gumby's, Papa John's, etc.), but good pizza is a rarity.
4	The pizza is pretty good.  It is one of my favorite places to order from because they usually have a $15 pizza/wings combo.
4	Being the best pizza in Oregon is about the same prestige as being the best hockey player in Uganda, you don't get alot of bragging rights. The pizza and other menu items are decent , service good and the delivery is fast.
5	With all the talk of Rocky's, Toppers and Ian's, this place has in my opinion the best pizza... I've not tried their regular pizza, but their Chicago stuffed style is the best I've had in Madison.And their sandwiches are very good as well. They have a fantastic selection for a pizza delivery place, and they deliver quickly.
4	OK, I have been a fan of Pizza Pit since one of my first trips to Madison soon after getting my driver's license. Back then Pizza Pit was a mini-chain around Madison. Most are now owned by individuals. Oregon's Pizza Pit is one of those individually owned and luckily use the Pizza Pit formula. I just like their crust and sauce. The crust is thin, but not too thin and the sauce has that rich taste that I like for Pizza. A good mix of ingredients on the pizza. Their service is good.
4	First things first: this location (1401 Emil Street) is NOT located in Oregon.  It's located in Madison, near the corner of Fish Hatchery Road and "The Beltline."  The receipt from my meal tonight clearly indicates: 1401 Emil Street, Madison, WI 53713.  Not sure how it got listed as "Oregon."Now for the review...I used to love Pizza Pit.  And then I went through a phase where I didn't care much for it.  Then I moved away from WI, and now that I'm back, I had an unusual craving for a very specific type of pizza... not just any old pizza, no sir - I wanted Pizza Pit.So it was over to the Emil Street location, which I knew had seating (it seems as though most PIzza Pits are carry-out/delivery joints).  We walked in to the store and the feel was familiar and reassuring.  The staff greeted us immediately and asked if they could take our order.  We ordered a 12" (medium) classic pie, with pepperoni, fresh mushrooms, and bacon.  For good measure, we added breadsticks with both marinara and nacho cheese dipping sauces.  Pizza Pit does not serve alcohol at this location, so it's soda only.Less than 15 minutes later, a friendly employee brought out our pie and sticks.  I would've preferred to get the sticks ahead of the pie, but it really didn't matter one way or another.  It's just a personal preference.The pizza was loaded with toppings, hot, and delicious.  Better than I could've ever remembered it, in fact.  Their sauce has a little bit of a kick to it; it's tangy and wonderful.  They also use "just the right amount" - I'm not a massive fan of sauce and I loathe places that slop it on; conversely I don't enjoy a dry pizza either.  This pie had the perfect amount of sauce.My only gripe: the pizza had the one characteristic that I distinctly remember from all of my Pizza Pit experiences - it was greasy.  I don't know if it's the pepperoni or the cheese or both, but every Pizza Pit pie I've had has always been a touch too greasy.  The sticks weren't anything fantastic; they were decent, but they lacked a "homemade" feel.  Seemed more like the frozen kind you'd buy and microwave/bake at home.So - time for the summary:Pizza: 4 stars.  A touch greasy, but so delicious.Sticks: 2 stars.  Nothing exciting.Dipping Sauces: 5 stars.  Both were delicious.Service: 5 stars.  The staff here was wonderful.Value: 5 stars.  We ate for just over $15 - that's decent in my book.We both enjoyed Pizza Pit; I'm glad I went back and am certain I'll be back again and again.
3	The newest addition to Pizza EXTREME (it's not really all-caps like that--I just like the emphasis) opened about a week ago on Monroe Street, just across from the stadium. I stopped in for a slice while I was running errands and wanted to check out their Grand Opening specials. Well, no specials to be found, at least not according to the counter help. EXTREME Pizza Dude was friendly, however, and told me about their regular lunch specials--for $4.99 you can get two slices and a soda, a sandwich + chips + soda, a small house salad + a slice + soda, etc. I just went with a standard slice to go and ordered the Veggie. It was a decent, thin crust pizza. Not greasy but, sadly, not warm either. I sat outside in the sunshine (they've got about four outdoor tables with umbrellas) hoping that might heat things up a bit. I'll check back again in a month or so when they've settled in to their new EXTREME digs and see how EXTREME things are going!
2	PIZZA EXTREME has RC Cola.PIZZA EXTREME does not have recycling bins.
4	My fiance and I order from Pizza Extreme fairly frequently. They always deliver in a timely fashion, the cheese is amazing, and they have RC Cola! One time, after a night of drinking, my fiance called and ordered "two of the biggest pizzas they have" for delivery. Well, twenty minutes and fifty dollars later, we had two of the biggest pizzas I have ever seen sitting in my kitchen. We were eating pizza for days. And it was delicious.
5	This is our usual go-to for delivery.  Employees have always been good to us, even adding coupons we didn't know existed when we call in our order.  Delivery is always fast, and the pizza is good.  Both their hand-tossed and Chicago-style pizza get high marks, and they're great reheated.
4	Really nice gyro.  Soft, fresh pita bread, warmed and nicely browned.  Spicy and plentiful meat.  Tangy yogurt sauce and quick service.  Great, quick and inexpensive late night snack.  So good I'd return for lunch.  At a place clearly in business for its' pizza prowess, don't overlook the fantastic gyro.
5	Stayed the weekend at HotelRed down the street and passed this place by on the walk to the bar on Friday.  As a native Chicagoan, I can't help but take notice of a place advertising pizza and gyros in the same location.  Obviously, this was a monumental opportunity to combine two of my favorite late night foods, and the experience would effect itself after an appropriately drunken beer fest the following day.Anticipating my state of mind for Saturday evening, I did my research in the morning when my BAC was at a socially acceptable level.  To my surprise, Pizza Extreme neglects to include two of the most extreme of pizza ingredients on their menu: gyro meat and tzatziki.Post beerfest, I walked over to Pizza Extreme and posited my plan to the guy behind the counter: I wanted a proper gyro pizza, cost be damned.  He informed me that he'd made a few in the past and that I'd surely be satisfied.  Once evaluating my seriousness ("Of course I want tzatziki as the sauce."), he took my order and told me he'd have it ready in 15 minutes.  As I turned to walk out, he enthusiastically proposed including feta cheese.  A true buongustaio.I returned shortly* to pick up my extreme pie.  It was made with care and sure to satisfy.  Quite honestly, it was the best specialty pizza I've had (take that, Ian's).Seriously guys, put a gyro pizza on the menu.*It should be noted that I returned with pizza from Pizza Brutta down the street.  The pang of betrayal was clear on my dear chef's face.  For that, I am truly sorry.  Alas, I associate with fools who were not nearly as enthused as I was for such refined melding of trans-Ionian culinary institutions.
5	Fantastic pizza!! Been enjoying it for 30 years!!
4	Yummo, some of the best pizza I've had in Madison! I ordered the Sausage Mushroom Melt on a Saturday night...mmm, my favorite topping combo, which you don't see very often.They have other interesting specialty pizzas that I'll have to try some other time, such as the Four Alarm Special (spicy!), Holy Macaroni, and the Spinach and Pesto (who doesn't love pesto???).Good online coupons and easy online ordering. Delivery was quick! Toppings were abundant and the sauce was good (not too little, not too much, but juuuusssst right). I also like my pizza well done and they did a good job of cooking it to my liking. I will definitely order from the Pizza Pit again!
3	Ok, maybe this isn't the best pizza. The one pie I had tried was the sausage mushroom melt, which was always delish! I tried another combination last time I ordered and it was cardboard-y and not so good. Meh.
2	I ordered delivery from here for a lot of people (4 pies). The service was good (fast and the pizzas were really hot when they got to us), and the price was low. The pizzas were not that great though. I'd order from here again for a big group, but if I'm just getting one pie, I'd go somewhere else.
4	I ordered 2 pizzas from here for delivery, and wasn't expecting much seeing as it was very cheap, but I was pleasantly surprised. I got one thick crust and one thin. The thin was pretty floppy and greasy, but still very flavorful. The thick crust was much better and nice and crunchy, and I got it with the pesto sauce which was terrific and definitely recommended. Delivery time was about 45 minutes which wasn't too bad. Overall it exceeded my expectations, I'll definitely be ordering this in the future over the big pizza chains.
2	While visiting Madison for a few days we decided to order pizza. This was tricky because most all the pizza places near us had bad reviews. So we picked PPE...we only had interaction with one of the employees and he was nice. The actual restaurant and dining area itself clearly needs an update/overhaul. Okay, now let's talk pizza....We ordered the special which consisted of 2 medium pizzas with 2 toppings great deal but for what we saved in costs the Pizza Pit did not make up for in flavor and quality. The overuse of the oil made the pizza super greasy and therefor the crust was soggy and limp. I like to be able to taste the crust otherwise I should just put pizza toppings on bread. We also ordered a side of garlic breadsticks and were pleased that those weren't too greasy. I don't mind the use of oil when making pizza crust but I do mind spending money on something that I could have made myself that won't clog my arteries (note to self). Actual order date 8/15/14
