5	Paw Placement is like a breath of fresh air in what can be a very dismal and depressing line of work. Animal rescue is of such importance and rarely gets the attention it deserves. The directors and volunteers of Paw Placement truly make a difference---that deserves a stellar review. We first encountered this rescue when we adopted our cat from them 4 years ago. The first thing I noticed was its criteria to adopt an animal from them. Their guidelines are in place to ensure a pet doesn't go to just any home, that it will be cared for and loved. Also, they are sure to socialize their adoptable animals to give that dog/cat the best chance at being adaptable in a new home. The directors of this rescue are informative, helpful and obviously passionate about what they do. It shows in the way the rescue is operated and in the dedication given to homeless animals. When we decide to add another furry member to our family, we will certainly go to Paw Placement. Thank you for all you do!
5	Totally agree with the review but the phone number is wrong. The number listed is for the Flagstaff group Paw Placement of Northern AZ, the Phoenix number is 602.712.1599 ADOPT A PET TODAY AND SAVE A LIFE!
1	We had been looking for a dog for a few months and fund Paw placement online and started reading and found what we thought was the dog for us. So we filled out the application then started communicating through email . Then we Set up a date for us to drive out to the east side we live on the west side about a hour away from where the dog was going to be. And met the dog and had some one on one time with her and fell in love right away. Only to find out that she was already waiting for other people to come and adopt her. We were heartbroken. It was frustrating and the lack of communication between everyone was astounding. I am all for adopting and rescuing dogs. But I will never use Paw placement again.
1	I think it's great Paw Placements is rescuing dogs, but my family recently adopted a 3 month old puppy which turned out not to be the "right" dog for our home.  I think their criteria for adopting is basically anyone who wants a dog. Our family spent 1:1 time with the puppy and we had some concerns about the dogs reaction to our 2 young kids because he was biting and jumping on them. The director said that this "breed" is not known to be aggressive and is just playing. We had other concerns and the answer was basically "he will be great with young kids and he's an easy dog", so we took the leap of faith after taking the advice of Paw Placements since we were new pet owners. After taking the puppy home, things got really bad. The puppy kept biting our kids (playful or not, it hurts), jumping on them, could not be crated without non-stop barking and waking up everyone in the house. We emailed the director with our concerns and she was very good a responding, BUT everything she said about the dog was really not true.  I looked on the Paw Placements website and found the listing for the puppy we adopted and it said "good w/ older kids". I mentioned to the director that if I would have known this to be the case, we would have NOT adopted the dog. They do have listings that say "good w/ all kids". Sounds like Paw Placements knew something we had to find out the hard way.Long story short, we had to return the puppy because he could not be with our young kids safely. It seems like Paw Placements is more concerned about rescuing dogs vs getting them adopted to the right family. Although our experience is different than Jordan G's review, it similar in that Paw Placements adopted a dog to the first person who was physically present and not the person who corresponded via email who actually may have been a better fit.My advice is if you adopt a dog, good for you. Make the decision based 100% on what you think, not on the advice of someone at Paw Placements, because they just want to get the dogs adopted ASAP vs death! Sorry to be blunt, but it's the truth.Jordan
5	Great experience, Paw Placement helped  me find an awesome dog.  The director did a  wonderful job communicating with me by email and phone. When I went to see the dog they spent  a long time with me to make sure  that both the dog and I were  a good  match. This being the first dog I adopted on my own  several  volunteers  at paw placement were very helpful with advice , recommendations and education.I was given a couple of phone numbers to call for any questions. All this happened over a year ago and I was so impressed with them I decided to write this review.  It was obvious to me how dedicated these volunteers are. Thank you Paw Placement !!
1	Nothing worse than not having a completed Yelp profile or having a mobile website. Lost my interest.
