3	Some new-opening jitters.  Wait staff isn't really comfortable yet, but this place has all kinds of potential.  It's the second outlet for Chef Charles Schwerd's (Arrowhead Grill) talents.  Our first dinner was a little mixed.  The seven layer salad was very good and Jo-Ann's short ribs were tender and tasty.  But both entrees seemed a bit sweet for her tastes.  The margaritas were just fair and the gimlet was just too watery (too much shaking?)  The wine list was very limited and the wine glasses are just too large for the 5.5 oz pour.This new restaurant definitely deserves a go-back.  We need a nice place in this end and Blu Agave could just be it.
4	Update...went a few saturdays ago and the place was packed.  In fact we got the last non reserved table.  I had the stacked enchiladas which were very good but lacked the spice that the menu warned about.  My wife's burrito was also quite good, and my son loved the make your own nachos.  The highlight of the evening were the hot buttered tortillas.  You could make a meal of those alone. The bad news- the service.  First we had to stand around while the hostesses first gabbed with some local wannabe rockstar hero, then when they got around to us they needed to look around and try to find a table.  When we said we didn't have reservations it was as if we somehow offended them. We waited over 25 minutes for our food to arrive and when t did get to us it wasn't piping hot as if it just came out of the oven. Its not the traditional Mexican faire, and I am glad that it isn't.  I can only tolerate so many Garcia's, LaFonda's, etc. I was glad to see that they are pushing several happy hour specials and have started weekend brunch and the occasional patio pig roast.  It appears that some of the initial excitement has died down but they are still bringing the people in, which is good-the area needs it.
5	This is brand new restaurant in the master plan of Vistancia in Peoria,  AZ and is touted as mexican comfort food.  Today was my first visit to the Blu Agave and WOW! I was very impressed.  I had the Grilled Chicken Torta and it was yummy :).  Great mix of flavors and the bun was super fresh and super delish.  For dessert my collegues and I tried the Tres Leches Creme Brulee and it was also incredible.  Looking forward to my next visit and plan on bringing a group of my foodie friends.  Thanks Blu Agave!!
5	Alright, finally got to see what the carpet looked like after the grand opening which was so packed we could not even see the floor.  Very nice place for a date night and a cool bar to watch the big game and even the patio looked sharp.  Very upscale is a little of what we need over here in the west side and I refuse to knock it for the crazy grand opening.  We left after 10 minutes and ran up to Arrowhead Grill for dinner that night, but you cant fault a place for being to popular.  They can't help that they are so good!  Anyway, we double dated with friends in the area and we started with the shrimp appetizer on top of rice, I am not a big fan of shrimp but it was pretty good, we also all ordered 1 tortilla with butter (which had a sweet flavor to it so it made it special).  I ordered the green chili chicken enchiladas......can I say heavenly?  Hell yes I can, this stuff was great!  The perfect amount of cilantro, sour cream, a tiny bit of spice, and just a great dish.  It was in a 10" low rim bowl with a side of white rice.  My wife and her girlfriend both ordered the 7 layer salad which I guess was good because they both cleaned their bowls as well.  My friend ordered the Argentinian steak....which I presume came from Argentina.  My buddy let me steal a bite and I will be coming back for that since it was darn good,  it had a fajita flavoring to it served with mashed potatoes.  The menu overall isn't to large....it had a few salads, sandwiches, appetizers, only a few entries like the steak and enchiladas and a couple of fish as well.  Then the bottom had a few options for their street tacos and then some desserts.  I am so pleased with this place and cant wait to return.  Once again a home run for Chef Charles!  Oh I forgot to mention our server was great, he had a sense of humor and did a great job and never left us dry.
5	They are still new and can tell working out some 'issues' nothing earth shattering.  There was a confusion with our reservation - but they acknowledged it, fixed it and gave us a free appetizer.  It really was not a big deal, and their approach made it a bonus.   Okay - what did we order (we went twice during our stay in AZ so I'll cover both trips).  - Green Chili Mac and Cheese - Super tasty, great flavor and love the   combo.- Smoked Steak Chili - Tender steak, flavorful with just a little kick.  - Green Chili Stacked Enchilada - Wasn't a favorite, good flavor, just not    great presentation.- 7 Layer Salad - wonderful mix of flavors and textures- Chips and Trio of Salsa - Love the pico de gallo salsa, the green salsa   a bit runny and lacking flavor, smoky tomato salsa is excellent.- Steak Torta Sandwich - Fries were crisp and hot, Sandwich was    flavorful and a bit of kick.  Extremely filling.- Fresh tortillas with Agave Honey Butter - Butter rocks!  Tortilla was a bit    too overcooked on the edges and dry, nice flavor.-  Kids Nachos with steak.  A good deal for a child - not enough meat in   my sons words "Where is the meat?!?"-  Kids Burrito.  Huge - and you can pick what you want on the inside.  -  Taco Trio - Lobster, Chicken and Steak (1 of each).  Tons of meat and    really good flavor.  A very filling meal.  You can mix and match on those    too.  -  Chocolate Molten Cake - very rich and dense with a generous scoop   of vanilla bean ice cream.  Delicious-  Homemade Churro Donut Holes - Served in a bag (included with a    kids meal) and available for adults too.  Hot, steamy and oh so    delicious.  Two sauces to dip in - strawberry and chocolate.  Yum!!As I said, there are some issues to work through.  The turn around on entrees is pretty slow - but worth the wait.  I'll easily wait for food that is fresh, hot and delicious as opposed to reheated elements of Sysco.  Just know going in that this is not a fast quick meal, if you are in a rush you'll just be frustrated and no matter how good it is you still won't like it.  Prices - I felt they were appropriate.  The food was worthy of the price and I didn't feel like my cost to quality ratio was off.  As I said, we went back again while visiting and when we return we will go back.  Good food, good prices and I have a feeling the turnaround time will improve.  Oh, on more thing - I am so impressed that they have hired young people to bus the tables.  We had a 15 yr old young man that was polite, attentive and personable.  What a great opportunity to learn the ropes and how to be respectful and responsible.  Rare opportunity and one to be applauded by the owners!!  Kudos to you all around!!
2	Nice atmosphere, service was lacking . I had the 8 layer salad.. Tasty and the red sangria smooth and the myan milkshake was their saving grace.
2	Sorry, but the second try did this place in as far as we're concerned.  Slow, slow kitchen.  The "Burro" was eh - good meat but poorly flavored filling.  The "cowboy" beans were lousy, as was the tasteless rice.  My wife had the lasagna-style Chicken (Chickaquiles or something like that) - pure mush with very little chicken.  Charles, you need to spend some time here!!!The drinks were good.
4	Love this place!! Love the flavors, love the food. Its a real good place to hang out and have a drink and watch a game.  The Kids menu is good. We will be going back often.
4	I like this place for a few reasons. First and foremost are the Margaritas and Sangria. They are fan-flippin-tastic! I have my priorities people. Next, the salmon and Gaucho steak dish are perfection. They serve the salmon with an asparagus slaw(cold). If you are sitting near me I will eat it right off your plate, good stuff! Watch out. And last but not least is that it so close to my house. Easy to go out for happy hour drinks during the busy weekdays. They have a patio that is a nice size but I think it could use some more decor and maybe better seating. When I say better, I mean more comfortable. Once you sit in any of the bar area(indoors) tables you will know what I'm talking about. They often have a live music as well. I have also had the chicken tortilla soup, no bueno. Served in a red broth made it.......weird. Sorry I don't have a better word right now. The only reason I didn't go all out on the stars is because it is such a new place. In it's delicate infancy, I don't want to put the stamp of greatness too soon. It would be like saying that your baby is a genius before giving it and IQ test. Let the testing begin!!!!!
2	So My husband and I wanted to take my Mom out to celebrate her promotion and she chose Blue Agave. She and my father and been once before with friends, and my Mom had been going on about their Bulldog Margaritas for weeks. We made the trip out there and when we arrived went straight to the bar. We walked right past the man who would be out server and took a seat. The restaurant was slow, only and handful of people at the bar and it didn't look like there was anyone in the dining room at all. It remained this way through out the night. So I am confused on why our service was so slow. While we waited for our server, my father noticed that another server had to make the gentlemen we almost walked right into aware of our presence. I guess we were hard to see, being at a bar table right near the kitchen and all. Through out the night service continued this way. A little tip, apparently you have to order a beer twice for it to arrive at your table, or at least that was the case for dear old Dad. The food was better then the service, but just barely. Charging 50cents a tortilla seems odd, but we went for it because we really wanted to try the agave butter. The butter was good, not mind blowing, but good, the tortillas were small. They can't even shell out the chips and salsa, so I'm not surprised that the portions were a tad on the small side, you get that feeling that they are just fighting to keep their doors open by charging you for every thing they can. I had the sante fe shrimp appetizer as an entree, along with a side salad. I enjoyed the shrimp, as well as the rice they were served over. My salad was nice, the cilantro dressing was boring, but I liked that they used Jimica in the salad. Dad ordered the Green Chili Cheese Burger, meh. My Mom and husband both had the enchilada style lasagna. After they each poured about half a bottle of the house made tapitillo on top it was pretty good. The server admitted that he too uses the hot sauce when he orders it, so they know its bland. Maybe they are trying to cater to the older crowd that seems to frequent the place? Spice is your friend people! We had tried to order another round of those bulldog margaritas before happy hour was over, cause they were most definitely the highlight of our meal. Our drinks were empty, our food was nearly gone, and our server had been MIA for awhile, so when we noticed it was 8 minutes until happy hour was over we flagged down another server and asked him to tell ours to order another round on happy hour prices. Well, the drinks came, but when we got our bill we noticed they were not on happy hour. We had meant to ask our server about this before he ran the bill, he should have mentioned that they were full price, but didn't. Well wouldn't you know, the only quick service he provided all night was swooping in snagging that bill of the table. He had ran the card before we even noticed he had picked up the check. Very stealthy. So basically I will be making my own bulldog margaritas at home.
4	I have been here several times in the, dare I say, several weeks, too hot to cook.  The food has always been very good and served in a decent time.  The first time I came in service was slow, but I have not seen that waiter since and have had no problems since.  I will continue going there, highly recommend it to anyone.
2	Second visit.  Came in and saw the "seat urself" sign.  We sat down with a view of the Bar TVs.  The Bartender made eye contact at least 3 times.  Wait staff made eye contact twice... After 10 mins or longer my husband got up from our table and went to the bar.  He got our drinks and asked the Bartender if he was to order our food at the bar.  Bartender said, "sure, what would u like?"  Husband told him he would go back to our table with a menu and take our order for him. (What is going on here??) Finally the Bartender advised there was a waitress and he would send her over to us.  Did they think we came to their restaurant to watch their TV's and not eat or drink?Waitress wasn't much help.  Husband had to go to the bar for a refill.  Then she over charged us for the beer, stating she was unaware they were on special (it was the last hour before close).I can say the food has been good both times we went there.The service the second visit was absurd.  They must not need our money.  I don't see them staying long with that service.  Oh and FYI we Facebooked our concerns to them, they deleted our post.  Classy!
3	It is getting better........the bar is good and my bartender was excellent. She was friendly and quick.....I recall this place when it was some Safari inspired eatery that went under. I was there the weekend they opened up.....it just feels like they are teetering if you get my drift. It may morph into "THE" local place to hang if it gets some more years under its belt. I do not recall the food was bad per se but cannot recall what I got.......I do remember that I was pleased over all with my dinner and appetizers. GREAT outdoor patio. Owner does her best to get around to folks. I have yet to feel like I HAVE to get back there for any reason other than a good venue to have a few beers after golf at Trilogy. If I go in again and it is better....I will update my post out of fairness. This place deals with a very diverse clientele from retirees to young families to high income so focus may be an issue here....just my humbleO
3	I've been coming to this restaurant for sometime now ever since they first opened. It is literally walking distance from my house but I'm lazy sometimes and it's more convenient to drive. I think I never reviewed it because I was hoping it would always get better. The owners of this restaurant also own Arrowhead Grill (a fancier steak house) around Union Hills and 83rd Avenue. I figure their goal was to provide a modern take on authentic Mexican/South American food. Their food is overall good. They serve food like tortilla soup, tortas, and chimchurri steak. They also provide a roasted chicken with South American spices that's really good. When it all comes down to it, they're really good at red meats.You can't go wrong with the Gaucho steak or the chimchurri steak. However you want those steaks prepared, it turns out perfect!When my mother in law ordered the halibut special this past Valentine's Day, she almost didn't eat it because she thought it was too dry. When I order the street tacos with shrimp, the shrimp seemed to be overcooked. So from those couple experiences, I figured it's better to avoid the seafood, but those could have been "off nights" those couple of separate experiences.They once had a pork posole soup, but I think that item has been removed from the menu a few months ago. The menu description said it was a spicy posole, but it wasn't spicy at all. Ironically, the chicken tortilla soup was spicier and so much more flavorful. This is another go-to menu item you should try aside from the steaks if you go here. What's funny is despite the fact that this restaurant is "Mexican," the burgers are delicious! Sometimes on Mondays, they offer buy one burger get the second one free, BUT the beef patties are sometimes smaller when you get this special. Just order the regular non-happy hour burger, and you'll get a 1/2 lb patty that is one of the most delicious burgers you've ever tasted! It's all in the seasoning. There's 2 varieties: chile burger or the plain cheeseburger. Both are delicious! Did I mention they're awesome? The fries that accompany the burgers are just okay. Sometimes they're cooked perfectly sometimes it seems like they've been in the fryer for too long. So sorry, that one's a hit or miss. This restaurant is probably most popular for their Bulldog Margaritas. These frozen margaritas come with a Coronita beer upside down in the margarita glass. Before when I used to order them, you could request them non-frozen, but that's no longer an option now. Oh well! I still like them. So far, two of the waiters, my husband and I love! Otherwise, the service is just okay. We often sit in the bar area too, but sometimes we've had better service at the bar area than in the actual dining area. There are bands that play on weekends, and I think there's karaoke on Thursday nights starting at 7pm. Their brunches are now only on Sundays from 11am to 1 or 2pm. Since this restaurant is nestled in at the entrance of the Vistancia community, it's good that they try to have community events and have stuff for the local Vistancians to do on the weekends. Out of convenience of having this restaurant so close to our home, we will definitely be supporting this local restaurant and continue eating what we know they're good at: red meats and their chicken tortilla soup!
1	I used to go to the Blu Agave in old town Scottsdale, so I was really looking forward to ordering food from here to go last night!First, I googled Blu Agave and couldn't find their website.  It kept bringing up the Mayo Blvd restaurant, which I later found out has an entirely different menu.  It's too bad because I really wanted to order the Kettle Carne!I finally found their actual website through Yelp.  I was a little bummed to see it wasn't the same menu, but I decided to order the Carne Asada Burro.  I grabbed the phone number, jumped in my car, and called from the car.  After being sent to a voicemail twice, finally someone picked up.  When I asked to order to go, they put me on hold for a very long time.  Finally, when someone came on to take my order I asked for the Carne Asada burro.  He informed me that they have a limited summer menu and it isn't on the menu.  I told him that since I'm in the car and don't have access to the menu, what would he recommend.  He suggested the carne asada tacos.  I told him I'd like rice and beans too and he said it came with it.  Great.When I come into the restaurant (on a Saturday night at 8pm), it is completely dead.  There was not 1 person sitting at a table!  There was no hostess or anyone around.  I had to walk all the way to the back where the bar was.  There were about 10 people sitting around the bar with really obnoxiously loud music playing.  The bartender came out with my food and I paid and left.When I got home and opened my food container, I was really disappointed.  I wish I had taken a picture.  It was pathetic.  There was a little bit of meat on top of a tortilla at the bottom, with some tomatoes and other things.  That's it.  I can't believe I spent $14 on that!  What happened to the rice and beans too?I didn't care for the tortilla, so I just ate the carne asada with a fork.  It was good, but not $14 good.  I can realistically see spending maybe $4 on this meal.  It was nothing.What a let down.  I should have just gone to Chipotle, spent $6 and gotten a ton more food for that price.After reading all these reviews, I would stear clear of this place and go elsewhere....
4	Stopped here for a drink with my mom and we both had a bulldog, which is a margarita with a corona pouring into it, slowly. If you don't know what a bulldog is, you really need to order one asap and give it a shot. My only problem is that they didn't automatically salt the glass for us, so I would make sure to ask for salt and the bulldog on the rocks. The decor inside was southwestern chic, and it looked like an upscale modern mexican dish type place. I might go back for dinner sometime, but I would recommend to management to make sure to ask customers if they want salt when they order the bulldog.
