5	I love that everyone who is writing reviews for this place remember fondly former times at other Wings Over locations. I tried it for the same reason.  It was as good as I remember.  My husband and I looked at each other after the first bite and each said "This tastes right!"  No matter how many wings I have eaten since my university days, there is just something about the boneless wings at the Wings Over locations.  Don't go here expecting the best food in the world, but after a night of drinking, or if you are looking for nostalgic flavors this is the right place to go!
5	Hells yah!  First ever!  Hubs brought these home and we tore them up.  Tried the boneless buffalo red alert and the honey BBQ.  Pure excellence and not weak on the meat at all.  The red alert were stage 3 hot-ness.  They have 2 levels that come hotter.  Plenty spicy on the red alert and let me tell you I can handle the hot stuff.  Not sure on the set up or ambiance but if you are looking for the best boneless in town you just found it here.  Okay?!
3	Pretty decent wing spot. I think the overall rating is so high b/c there aren't a lot of "good" wing places in Pittsburgh. The only thing that would drag this place down is the store hours are inconsistent. I think when they first opened it opened after 4pm, then they changed it to 11am M-F temporarily. When you call the phone just rings and rings, there isn't a voicemail to tell you their hours or if they're closed. Consistently would be nice.
2	I'm not impressed. I'm a pretty big wing connoisseur and these wings are average. I've never been to any other Wings Over...locations, so I went into this pretty open.Their online ordering is easy-peasy. I ordered a hefty selection to make sure I had a nice overview on what Wings Over can offer.The "boneless wings" to start with Wimpy Buffalo sauce. These aren't boneless wings; they are chicken tenders. The sauce was good, but the meat was dry, requiring lots of bleu cheese to compensate (I do love me some bleu cheese, though)!I also sampled the Honey BBQ, 7 Pepper, and Oriental Sesame. It's true; these wings are def meatier than other places. @Curtis G. enjoyed the Honey BBQ best while I preferred the 7 Pepper dry rub. Again, these wings were OK.I'm open to try new wing places, and I can give props to Wings Over for meaty wings and a varied selection of sauces.  However, I don't care how much meat you give me (ha ha) if it is dry and the nice sauce flavor is lost in a river of bleu cheese.
5	Stopped by here for a post work-out feast. The place was well-lit and clean. Even though it was nearly 9pm on a Sunday, there was still a good amount of people eating there. It was a self-serve place, but the cashier was nice enough to bring our food right to our table. The wait wasn't that long. For ~$19, you get 25 wings in 5 flavors of your choice. We tried: cajun teriyaki, hot garlic, afterburner (super spicy buffalo), citrus chipotle and mustang ranch. They were sooooooo good with the right amount of sauce and crispiness. The sauce was just right...enough to cover the whole wing, not all soggy and dripping. Out of the 5 flavors I tried, my favorite was CAJUN TERIYAKI, and my least favorite was mustang ranch. Overall, it was a wonderful experience and I definitely recommend this place if you are a wings lover, because it will definitely "wings" you over!
5	I tried this place the other night and was not disappointed. I ordered online which was simple ordered for delivery which was very fast, I ordered and within 20mins they were already there. GOOD FOOD great service. this will be my new wing place since me and my dad order wings at least once a week !
5	Simply fantastic!  Delicious wings, quick delivery, and reasonable prices.  They even deliver small orders.  Love it!
4	Delicious and affordable. Ordered delivery around 9pm. The driver was so nice. Would like to recommend Citrus Chipotle boneless wings, so crispy and delicious. The only booboo imo might be that the bone-in wings were a little bit pink. Will surely try more flavors the next time!
2	These wings are kinda dry and the flavor does not go through the whole wing...they are good in a pinch when it's late and you are hungry.  But I've had better wings from the frozen food section
5	I have been ordering from wingsover for the past month and they are awesome! EVery order that I placed was at my door within the hour and the food is delicious and priced accordingly. The wraps have delicious crispy chicken and the wings meat is very tender and well cooked. We get wings from here rather than Pizza Milanos because of the better variety of sauces and great food.
3	Great food.....HORRIBLE MANAGER !  absolutely no customer service skills AT ALL !  This establishment lost over $50 worth of business today from our work lunch people.  Love the wings but had issues with the manager all three times I ordered.The owner of the company needs to look into this.....bad for business!!!
4	I'm a little late on this review. We tried it a few months back & the wings plentiful & yummy! We were allowed to sample 2 wing sauces. Jamaican jerk & a type of garlic is what we sampled. (ah, I forget the name because the list had like 4 different types of garlic).We didn't end up choosing either, but were able to keep the samples so we had a nice variety! We enjoyed the wings & fries.  They were out of waffle fries so I didn't get to experience them :\The place is well lit & we enjoyed watching a pirate game while eating. I also think the menu is unique & you can try different things in their combos.We found out that night that they offer delivery to Oakland & south side (they may have ventured out by now.. I'll have to update!). I asked if they'd deliver to me because I'm a block away from the Shadyside border. The employee happily searched my address in their delivery system. Thankfully I was "in the zone" .. delivery zone of course :)Overall, not a bad place to grab wings & fries. The hours are awesome too!
5	If you're on the South Side wings over Pittsburgh is an absolute go to wing spot. Based on where I live I think I've become a bit of an addict. It's my go to late night spot and occasionally, when I really feel like I've earned it, post workout meal.My go to order order is the DC-3 honey barbecue. However, I had a couple my guys in from Detroit and over the course of weekend they at least have the menu and loved every option they tried. So as far as the food, and that's important part, they give five stars from me. To counter staff is a whole other situation altogether. They are not bad, they just seem to cool to really engage you. Again it's far from a deal-breaker but it is one of those service points that I personally find a bit off-putting.
1	Its a good spot to go to if you dont want what you actual ordered. I ordered a Cesar salad with chicken. I actually got a regular chicken salad. When I asked where the Cesar dressing was they said they didn't have anymore. Thats something they should have mentioned before I ordered the salad. Oh and no cheese. My Husband order waffle fries they gave him regular shoestring fries.
5	I love the Wings Over chain. As a PSU alum, I frequently order from Wings Over in State College and would still order from there when visiting as a treat. Opening a location again in Pittsburgh made my day. They offer in bone and boneless wings, fries and ribs. All are amazing. I usually get the Hanger 1, which is a pound of boneless wings with 2 flavors, fries and a drink. They have a large selection of flavors, both sauces and dry rubs. Even though they don't deliver to my apartment, I'm willing to drive over and pick it up. It can also be a little expensive, but the wings are worth it.
3	I've had dinner here a few times including delivery, and the hype really died down.  There are so many 5 star reviews that yelpers may start thinking it's flawless, when really it's just a fresh wing with awesome sauce (lol, awesome sauce). I really enjoy the Golden BBQ & order that each time. We've also had the Citrus Chipotle, Jamaican Jerk & Sweet Chili. All had their own unique flavors.The boneless wings still are delish & large (chicken tender size). The delivery is fast and efficient.Service is deff hit or miss. I've had really great service somethings, but not-so-good counter service a number of times (i eat here reallllly often, so not sure of the ratio lol) My waffle fries that I upgraded to were completely well done. Not a taste of potato.. more like potato chips. I love waffle fries too :/So again, great wings & and great mix of sauces, but don't let all of these fabb reviews fool you.
5	The beat tasting wings I have ever had. Place was very clean, cashier was kind and polite, and the wings tasted like nothing is ever had. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.
2	I usually have a really good experience with Wings Over. I ordered on GrubHub, got a notification that my food was on the way, but never got my food. I called and asked where it was at...and it took 12 minutes for them to tell me they had no idea. Pretty disappointed that I'm not eating wings right now.
3	New to Pittsburgh and was craving wings one night after a long day. Tried to place an order online, but learned that they did not deliver to my place, even though I only live 2-3 miles and 15 minutes away. But this did not deter me! I decided to call the restaurant instead and place a pick up order. I ordered the "puddle jumper" or 10 bone in wings, half golden bbq and half 7 pepper. I also ordered a small waffle fry and a can of cherry coke. So after a very long day spent in my car, I got back in and drove through downtown Pittsburgh on a saturday night. Once I get to their location on East Carson St I found out that there is no parking to be had. This is definitely no fault of Wings Over since it is all street parking, and E Carson is a fairly busy spot for late night activities. After circling the block a few times, I parked and went in to pickup. I didn't take the time to throughly look and was handed a black bag with a few containers. After being enticed by the smell for 15 minutes, I finally got a look inside. Two boxes, no coke.  Looked at the receipt to make sure. Yep, I was charged for a coke I didn't get. Annoying, but thought the food could make up for it. Waffle fries are a fav for me, by the way. Opened up the fries. No waffle. No straight cut. Crinkle cut. You know, the ones they serve in school cafeterias. Half crispy and half soggy. Again, I consulted my receipt. Yep Sm Waf fries was written clearly. Optimistic (and still hungry), I looked at my wings box. Ding Ding! Correct order. Now, on to the food review. 7 pepper was not a sauce but a dry rub. Pretty good. Nice pepper flavor; would have liked more kick though. And the wing was well fried. The golden bbq. Just. No.  These wings were oversauced, and as a result, soggy and not crisp. The sauce was just okay. NO hint of bbq at all. It is a mustard based sauce I think. Lots of tang and oddly sweet. It was like a slightly more savory version of honey mustard sauce. Not that good. Oddly enough, in Morgantown, WV (my hometown), they have the gold sauce wings at Kegler's (a local sports bar), which is what these could have been. Mustard based sauce, with kick, AND other spices.  There are positives though. The wings are meaty and you get good bang for your buck. The dry rub was done very well. Also they make their own ketchup for the fries. It is different from reg old Heintz, which is a go to in Pittsburgh. Nice spice kick and less sweet.     Overall: Good for a pinch; great drunk food; I will never place an order for delivery or pick up again.
4	Came here for a late night snack. LOVED that it was open til 1am on a SUNDAY!! Ordered 25 wings in 5 flavors.  We recommend the dry rubbed garlic parmesan and spicy garlic. Also tried the dry rubbed mesquite BBQ, jet fuel and citrus Chipotle. The wings were cooked perfectly; juicy and sauced nicely. The staff was also friendly and helpful in deciding the awesome flavors.  The jet fuel was hot and there was flavor, not just heat. The citrus Chipotle was sweet and reminded me of KFC's honey BBQ wings. The mesquite BBQ was just like lays BBQ potato chips. Are these the best wings I've ever had?  No, but they were extremely satisfying late at night (AND sober lol).
4	The good thing about writing a review is that it may take a few days before you complete it.  Wings Over Pittsburgh has totally benefited from this.  If I would have wrote a review after my first experience with this establishment it would be less stars and bitter words.I completely love the wrap they have available here.  It is a meal unto itself.  Nothing really special about it, plain flour tortilla, lettuce, tomato and pieces of boneless wings with your choice of sauce or dry rub.  I have tried several different sauces and one dry rub.  For the wrap it is best to choose a sauce, if you get a dry rub, you will need something to dip it in, or hope that the juices from the tomatoes and lettuce will make it tasty.  You can add crinkle cut fries for $1 or seasoned waffle fries for $1.50.  As I said before, the wrap itself is more than enough for a meal.  When I get the fries with it I always feel like I'm stupid for doing so.  I can never finish both and I hate to waste it.My friends always order the ribs from here and are never disappointed.  If I was a rib man I would be too.  They look mighty good.  (minus two stars for my first encounter with you, but plus one star because you totally redeemed yourself and credited me on my next order)
3	We saw this place in Carson Street one day so we came back to try it. My son and I both ordered Hangar 1 combos. They come with 10 boneless tenders, fries and a can of soda. Everything was made fresh to order. We both ordered dry rubs. I ordered Garlic Parm and my son ordered the Mustang Ranch. The chicken was hot and crispy but the rubs were VERY salty. I first thought the price was a bit high until I saw how much food we got. We both had enough left over to take home lunch for the next day. I wouldn't rush back but would come back to try bone in wings with sauce.
