5	To the point: SHAUNA KNOWS AND UNDERSTANDS SMALL BUSINESS! She has an excellent understanding of business processes and understanding issues of cash flow management and operations that enhance her expertise in accounting and tax strategy. She is a great person to have on your team!
5	The Tax Goddess is the business you want to work with when dealing with bookkeeping, taxes, and payroll. They have friendly staff that treats you well, and looks out for your best interest. If you are looking for a local firm, you have found it, The Tax Goddess! You will be pleased that you did!
5	Tax Goddess is an outstanding business. I have the pleasure of working with Shauna (the Tax Goddess) and she is friendly yet professional and very knowledgeable of her field.
5	We recently used the Tax Goddess to train my business manager and me on QuickBooks.  Shauna's head Bookkeeper, Tina Wahl, did an excellent job of customizing the content to meet our needs.  I continue to be delighted by this organization and their ability to come alongside the small business owner.  Thank you Tax Goddess!!
1	RIP OFF ALERT: Anybody planning to hire a new accountant for this tax season, please be warned.  DO NOT USE THE TAX GODDESS based in Scottsdale.  My experience with their deceptive practices is they ask for large deposits and keep asking for more money as they are "researching" your data while making you believe they are preparing your tax returns.  I spent over $3,000 for them to "double check" information that was already inputted correctly by my book keeping staff and they never prepared one document.  Some of their charges were .25 of an hour ($50) for answering a one line email.  These were plentiful and add up.  After the run around for 3 months, I finally took my documents to a accountant referred by a business associated who, for almost  1/2 the price I already paid,  prepared my 3 returns in about 2 weeks time.  Again, DO NOT USE TAX GODDESS based in Scottsdale unless you want to be ripped off.
2	Error prone.
5	I am so happy to be a client of the Tax Goddess. She is saving me money on taxes!
5	I fully recommend and endorse the Tax Goddess and her staff.  They put together a comprehensive plan for our taxes, adhered to the timeline, were available to answer any questions, and put a plan in place moving forward to help my family and business with taxes.  Thank you for all your hard work!
5	Shauna is great!  I've attended some of her free tax classes she offers the public and it's evident she knows what she's talking about.  If you get the opportunity to attend one of her classes, go!  She is very engaging and the classes are very informative and not boring at all.  Shauna has a clear passion for taxes (Is that even possible? lol) and she really seems to enjoy finding ways to save her clients money.  She is very well versed and knows a lot of obscure loopholes in the tax system.  I learned things about write-offs (as a business owner myself) that I never knew and was never educated on by my previous tax person.I've also been to a client appreciate party she threw and it was a freakin' blast.  Shauna really gives back to her clients. :)Not kidding, she's literally a genius in taxes.Thanks, Shauna! :):):)
1	NEVER USE THEM FOR TAXES!As I write this I have received 4 or 5 personal messages about this vendor. They are terrible and everyone else's experience are similar to mine. My financial planner, who originally referred me to her, has even apologized to me for this due to all the negative comments he has received. If anyone anyways wants a good and HONEST and fairly priced please use my current accountant:David Agasi, CPA, CACertified Public AccountantChartered Accountant 16420 N. 92nd Street #218Scottsdale, Arizona 85260 www.agasitax.com 480.471.5566 (p)602.513.7100 (f)602.697.4992 (m)
