5	I loved every bite at Inferno!  It is so refreshing to have homemade pasta and sauce in Little Italy again.  The crab stuffed squash flowers are amazing.  The osso bucco tasted better than my grandmother's (but don't tell her I said so.)  I loved the mix of real Italian food with inspired, yet simple dishes like lobster rolls.  The seasoning was perfect; they were even better than the ones I've had in Maine.  Also, the cafe next door has the best lattes I've ever been served.  I suggest sipping a latte on the sidewalk before heading to Inferno for a great meal.  It's obvious the chefs care about the food they serve.  If you consider yourself a "foodie," eat here before everyone finds out about it and you need a reservation.
4	Really lovely restaurant! It's small but the food is really well prepared. My risotto was perfect... the rice a soft on the outside with a little crunch in the middle, simply perfect. The entree are really interesting including the zucchini flowers and the salumi platter.
2	Incredible disappointment. I went here on my last night in Montreal based on its proximity to where I was staying, a recommendation from Fodor's, and the fact that Pizzeria Napoletano only takes cash. Unfortunately, it was not the last meal I had envisioned on my vacation.The atmosphere of this place is nice, I will give it that. It's small, intimate, and in decent weather, they open it up to the outside.Service, however, was a bit inattentive. I had to ask for more water, and I also had to exchange a plate with another place setting myself because the one in front of me was dirty.Further, and most importantly, the food was overpriced and mediocre. My salad, which was a small plate (smaller than a typical side salad) of vegetables and cheese drizzled with an olive oil vinaigrette, was originally $16, but they knocked $3 off because they had run out of burrata mozzarella and had to substitute ricotta. It was decent, but it was just vegetables. My dining companion's risotto, on the other hand, had to be sent back because it came out rock hard undercooked. However, even to do that, it took effort to flag down someone because all of the wait staff was having a conversation and couldn't be bothered to attend to the two parties of customers in the restaurant. The menu was very limited too, and for an Italian restaurant, there was a serious lack of anything resembling pasta.I wouldn't come back here, and I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone either.
