4	Getting tires can be a pretty boring process; I think all places should have characters like these to keep their guests entertained.  I just stood outside the bay and listened to these folks shoot one-liners at one another while they worked.  You really have to have a taste for crude humor to appreciate these folks and I do, so it worked out just fine.  Not to mention, these guys will beat the prices of any of their competitors, so that is definitely a plus.  It isn't as busy as it used to be, it really must be about the outrageous gas prices.  I love this place for the friendly staff and good prices.  They are really quick to, a real well oiled machine.
5	I had a wonderful experience with Discount Tire. I had to buy new tires for my car. I first researched tire deals online. What I liked was the upfront pricing on everything. Other tire stores did not tell how much installation was, stems and valves, tire disposal fee, and balancing would cost. After looking at discount tire online, it was a better deal. I could trust them more because they were upfront about the pricing online. I have been in tire places before and could expect to wait more than 4 hours to replace 4 tires. I went to discount tire, and was greeted by Julius. He was nice and courteous and helped me with my decisions. I waiting comfortably and had a good coffee from a clean coffee maker in a tire store (now that sounds too good to be true but yes it was clean). I had my keys back in my hand in an hour. I was overwhelmed. This was over the best tire store I have ever been too and I will be coming back. I recommend everyone else to check other out but look at the details. Discount Tire is a better deal because they are upfront about their pricing. Other tire stores are not.
5	These guys are super professional and super nice!I came in because I had a flat - nail in the tire. They fixed it for free, and did a thorough job at it. I did not personally purchase the tires from them - the previous owner of my car bought the tires from them, but ownership has been transferred. They spent time answering any questions I had, and really went above and behind.If they could be so nice to a non-paying customer - think how they'll treat a paying one!! I will make my future tire purchases from them again also!!
5	I had a great experience at Discount Tire, this was my first purchase from them. I usually buy my tires online, but a special rebate actually made it less expensive to buy from Discount Tire. One of the things I liked the most about the purchasing process was using the website, it showed me which stores in my area had the tires I wanted in stock, it gave me an out-the-door price that was down to the penny (and that is exactly what I was charged when I got there, no surprises), and let me book an appointment right there and then. When I arrived, I was greeted promptly, Clint was the person who took care of me and he is an asset to this store - friendly and informative. He even made sure to staple a copy of the rebate to my invoice, and explained how to claim it. I was in and out in about an hour, the waiting area and store in general is clean and well-kept. Being in marketing, I always pay close attention to the customer experience and these guys nailed it. Thank you Discount Tire.
5	The guys here were great! Very professional and courteous. I have been here several times for both of my vehicles and they never disappoint.
5	This place is great! Awesome customer service, super friendly and they repaired my tire and checked my other ones for free!
5	Such a wonderful trip to this place. Before I left the parking lot I called my best friend to tell her that I will never go another place in Charlotte. Long story short, after stopping at a Firestone and having them charge me 30 dollars to plug my front tire and tell me my back tire had a nail in it that wasn't repairable. I wanted to get a second option. I stopped into this location because my friend recommended it. I spoke to Carl. He was friendly and provided very quick service.It turns out my back tire was fine. No hole and they got the nail out of my tire. ( Turns out, the nail hadn't punctured my tire yet). Those guys saved me a lot of money and were very helpful. They won my business for sure!
5	I had a great experience. I scheduled an appointment online and I got a call the next day. I told him my budget and what I was trying to do. He made no attempt to push my budget. In fact, he said they could do it for about $200 under my budget!! I arrived that weekend. There was a little bit of a wait, but they were very busy. I was greeted and the man was very cordial. I paid the amount I was quoted on the phone earlier, they took my car in, did the work, and I was done in under 30 minutes. At no time did they make an attempt to up-sell me on anything. They offered their services, but once I said no, that was the end of it. Again, great experience.
1	I was a loyal customer of this Discount Tire up until this week. They replaced a wheel for me in 2013 following a car accident. They offered me a hubcap, but I wanted it to match the others, so I was very explicit with them that I would be purchasing a factory hubcap. When I purchased the first hubcap off ebay, it didn't fit properly on the wheel, and I assumed I had purchased the wrong hubcap by mistake.In May, when GM recalled my car, I ordered a factory hubcap through my dealer to make sure it was right this time. When that one didn't fit, I realized the wheel was the problem. When I called Discount Tire, they said of course it doesn't fit, you have one of our stock wheels on. Had it been explained to me that the wheel wouldn't fit the hubcap I was VERY clear that I wanted, I never would have purchased it!They assured me this would be fixed, and that they would not only order me the correct wheel, but would take off the cost of the wheel I had already purchased. I gave them a month, and called back to inquire as to the status of my order. They explained that they  had placed the order, but since they ordered it from the factory, they were waiting on GM to ship it. I got the same story again in July, and August. When I called again this month, I was told that they didn't have an order for me out at all, there was no note on my account about any of this, and they had no idea what I was talking about. I either fell through the cracks, or someone decided I simply wasn't worth the trouble or the money I had spent there.I am livid, and will never give this location another dime. I contacted another discount tire, and they got me a new wheel by the next business day, no hassle!
