5	I had a great experience a few weeks ago getting my hair done in my hotel room. I lost my stylist's card, but she moved to Vegas from Dubai in case you want to ask for her!OK, so why was it a good experience? The most important reason is that my hair looked good! Also, the stylist was on time, which was important so I could make a reservation. The stylist was polite and professional. She followed directions (for the most part... I'll admit that I wanted a little less curled hair but it looked so good, I let that go and didn't insist she change anything at the end). She did check in with me a few times if I liked what she was doing. Also, I did my own make-up and she very nicely worked with me so that I could do it while she did my hair.I have thick dark hair, in case that makes a difference (I know thin hair has its own challenges).FYI - I tagged this salon on Instagram with my hair in case you want to see results (others have too)! The pictures with this post reflect my experience (sorry, not going to post my own for privacy purposes).
4	I came here with a GF to get our hair done for a night out in Vegas for her hubby's birthday. I loved my curls and they lasted the whole night!
5	The experience with Dollheads was fantastic-had them come to our room to do my daughters hair and makeup and they (Cricelda and Mariana) were on-time, friendly and professional. They did an outstanding job! Will definitely be a returning customer. Oh, and whomever answers their phone is soooooo friendly, too-Rafael, I think is his name. A great experience from start to finish. They always kept in contact with me and were a breeze to work with....
5	I had Dollheads come to my friends room to do her hair for her wedding and I got mine done for her wedding. Chrissy was amazing and both of us had the best hair. This is a great company. My hair has never looked better and so easy to set up and the best part they come right to you. I will be using this service everytime I am in Vegas.I liked Dollheads so much that I had them come to my hotel 2 days later and I ended up doing the hair and makeup package with Karlie, Again it was a great experience and this is something I will budget everytime I am in Vegas.  Thank you Dollheads for making me feel like a million dollars.
5	My girlfriends and I were at a bachelorette party at Mandalay Bay. We had 4 girls that needed to get their hair done so we called Dollheads and they were able to accommodate all of us before our big night on the town. Our hair looked amazing and the girls that came were super friendly and fast. The bachelorette was so impressed she even called them the next day to get another blowout. Thanks for being so accommodating and friendly!
5	My business trip to Vegas last weekend was outstanding! First cause my sister joined me on the last minute :) and second cause contacting Dollheads was such an amazing idea!!! I had to get to my convention by 8am and I could book them as early as 6am!!! That was sooo helpful and I was surprised to have them at me hotel with a big smile right on time! My hair looked great and lasted the whole weekend thank to Chrissi!!! Special thx to Nicole for all the help!! I travel for work very often and I always appreciate a remarkable costumer service. Good job Dollheads. Will definitely see you on my next visit. Cheers.
5	Stephanie is great! I had her in my hotel room for my  wedding makeup and hair. I wrote to Dollheads and they responded right away. Stephanie was very punctual and I loved my hair and makeup. I told her I wanted a loose updo and natural clear makeup, and she did it! My makeup lasted the whole night and the updo was so beautiful. The best thing is that I was very nervous and she was able to help calm me. I love her!
