1	The doctors in this office are ok, but the staff is terrible, I needed to get copies of my medical records and the front desk girl told me that they will be ready on the same day, gave me a form to fill out and to pick up later on that afternoon. I went back and it turns out that they could not have them ready that same day, but in 2 days will be ready....I let a week pass by, when I called the medical record's person to make sure they were there because I was on my way, he stated that my records were not ready and that it will take a MONTH for them to be ready! He told me this information before I even said my name or anything else!! He then went on to say there was 50something ppl ahead of me and that it cannot be done sooner.(He was the same guy that told me my records would be ready in 2days) I was like "this guy must think I'm a real idiot or what?" First of all no doctor's office can possible take longer than 2days to print out a couple of pages, and for him to give me that kind of information without even knowing who I was or how long was I waiting already totally revealed his false statements about how things work, he was a totally caught lying. They never apologized for the run around they been giving me and they have the nerve to charge .60cents per page!  This is unprofessional and unethical behavior coming from the employees working there, don't they realize medical records are serious documents doctor's need on a daily basis to find out about patient's conditions? The way the are running that office is a real joke, not to mention all the mistakes they make, but yet they are very quick to charge you and overcharge you whenever they get a chance!
1	Pretty sure that if you're a dermatologist, you should look at my skin while I'm in your office. Not here. Instead, the doctor looked at his computer and continually asked me questions like "Who's treating you now?" (Uh, nobody, that's why I'm here.) "Who last treated you?" (Dermatologists in South Dakota, Minnesota, California....you know them?) Front desk staff wasn't the best either...I have eyes, and you can look in them whenever you want, just to convey friendliness or whatever. Props to the PA though, he actually looked at me and cared about me. I won't be back.
5	I love it here !!!!!!! Miss Lisa is the bomb .She always makes me more beautiful. Her photo facials are beyond description. She always treat me with the best bed side manners. Makes me forget the pain . Shes always cheerful and so pretty.
1	Horrible! I have been here 2 times. This would have been the third but had to walk out because I had been waiting for an hour and a half after my SCHEDULED APPOINTMENT!!! Horrible!! The doctor on my second visit literally spent 2 minutes with me. No exaggeration. Go somewhere!!!
1	First of all, when I called to make my appointment the first available was almost two months away... Okay, whatever I will take it.  On the day of my appointment I got up early because it was at 7:30am, and drove 45 minutes to get to an address that is incorrect from their website.  I finally got the correct address and drove to the office.  The staff didn't greet me and looked at me shocked that I was there to be seen, like they didn't expect patients.  I signed in and was handed some electronic paperwork thing, that barely worked.  During that time, I listened to the staff talk about buying perfume with a gift card they all got, one ladies stiches removal, their schedules for the day and week ect.  (yes, they were talking about this with each other for all to hear).  My method of payment wasn't accepted on their crappy electronic thing, so I went up front to get some help.  No, they can't bill me, no they can't wait, I pay now or I reschedule. (Also, they wouldn't take a credit card over the phone, as I could have called from home with my credit card number).  I walked out, the front office staff isn't there for the patents they are there for the social club.  I won't go back.
