1	My friends and I went here for the buffet during a convention held in late June.  The buffet was honestly pretty terrible.  It was some of the worst Cantonese food I've had, but perhaps I've been spoiled by the offerings in Los Angeles county.The food was overcooked and just appeared to be sitting out there.  It was bland and uninspiring, and much of it was way too oily.  I felt fairly sick after eating there, but the excitement of the con kept me from noticing, really.
3	I come to downtown Pittsburgh annually for a convention and I eat here at least once per trip. I've ordered from the regular menu in previous years and only noticed this year that they were also having a dinner buffet. The buffet part of this restaurant is actually fairly mundane. The selection is smaller than most Chinese buffets I've been to. From the regular menu, on the other hand, the pan fried noodles are pretty decent.
3	You know, after going back to the convention for a second year and eating at the Golden Palace Buffet again, I have to say that ordering off of the menu provided a significant improvement over the buffet.The food wasn't nearly as greasy and was actually quite flavorful.  I was pleased with my meal and I'm sure my friends were, too.  My friend, who was wearing a giant costume, was treated with courtesy.
4	Good food at a reasonable price. I didn't try the lunch buffet upstairs but ordered a meal downstairs. Service great and very quick.
4	Open all the time. Good Chinese for what it is. Could be cheaper but it's reasonable.
4	This review is about the 2nd floor buffet, not 1st floor menu.Relative small buffet with the usual favorites. Soups: chicken wonton, veg hot & sour, egg drop. Lots of starch: white rice, plain fried rice, rice noodles, veggie noodles. Chicken included General Tso's (kind of gooey), kung pao chicken (greasy), chicken & broccoli, "special chicken in spicy sauce", sweet & sour chicken (i.e., breaded chicken fingers, sauce on the side). Also sweet & sour mushrooms (see chicken), Mongolian beef (or something close), veggie egg rolls, Szechuan pork, string beans, mixed vegetables, "doughnuts," cut up melon, maybe one or two more items I forgot. Drinks included.Food is good by cheap Chinese buffet standards. The sauces are a bit heavy (especially General Tso's), but have some flavor. Despite the labels, nothing is really spicy (including the hot sauce -- I've eaten here several times before, and they used to put out a very nice chili sauce. I don't know if the change is permanent or something happened today.). The fried stuff is not over greasy.Everything well marked, quickly replenished (always crowded at lunch, which I guess is a good sign, with a steady stream of take-out as well) and so relatively fresh. You will probably have to wait a bit at lunch for a table. $7 plus tax.
1	I have indeed experienced better.  I usually eat upstairs which I would rate at 3 or 4 stars, however this time I decided to try their first floor take-out menu and that was a mistake.  I ordered General Tso with Fried Rice to go, I expected a 10 to 15 minute wait ... I waited 4 minutes.  That should have been my first warning flag.  I walked back to my office and opened it, the smell seemed a little off.  A couple bites into the meal I simply had to stop eating.  At first I just thought I was being picky ... but then a couple co-workers confirmed the food smelled funky.  So ... yeah ... one-star until proven otherwise.
2	I decided to give this place a try again after a few years.  The buffet still is pretty bad.  The buffet is small and the food quality is 2 stars at best.  I hold the 1 stars for absolute disasters.   Food has little taste.  Interesting there is no seafood (shrimp) on the buffet.  The wonton soup is chicken. Most of the vegetables are soggy.  Pork was "bad".  Chicken dishes were OK but were mostly dark meat.  It does a decent business including carryout. I won't be back.
1	Go elsewhere.I was needing some General Tso's and other Americanized Chinese fare for lunch.  Having already tried one place downtown and coming up short I figured I'd give Golden Palace a try.  Fail.  Golden Palace's buffet is on a table that measures 15' x 3' and doesn't offer much variety.  This would make me think the limited choices make for better food.  Wrong.The food housed on this small table is not fresh, is not tasty, and is not appealing.  I was almost tempted to just ask for my money back.  Instead I rolled the dice and tried the General Tso's, the fried rice, and the chicken and peppers.  Hope you like gristle, salt, and high fructose corn syrup because it's all you're going to taste.Bleck.Golden Palace is also expensive. *I began with a 2 star, but relegated it to 1*
2	I had fond memories of Golden Palace from my child hood.  My folks worked downtown across the street, we love chinese food and we were regulars.  Sad to say, over the years Golden Palace has tarnished to a Rusty Bronze Shanty.The best of the food was mediocre and the worst was inedible.  Most was extremely over salted, nothing was fresh, and the vegetables were soggy, overcooked, and disgusting.  I feel like my happy child hood memories have been stolen away.  I'll cross my fingers that in another few years they rise like the phoenix from the ashes back to their former culinary glory!
5	Screw you haters. I don't know what exactly you expect from a Chinese Buffet, but this has all the essentials. The food was very very satisfying. From the lo mein, to the general tso's, all the way to the soups and the watermelon, everything was very very tasty.Additionally, they have great customer service and helpful staff!!!!The buffet was $8. It was a steal in my opinion.Definitely going back there.
4	Ok, I've read these silly reviews.  This place is not catered to American Chinese Food.  If you want something good & tasty, get the steam chicken or soy sauce chicken.  If you know authentic Chinese dishes then menu has a lot to offer.
3	Not as good as the Golden Palace Buffet in Oakland on Forbes Ave. Apparently owned by same family .  Downtown location has sloppy-er presented/made food .  They used to have fried chicken but have gotten stingy and no longer do .
1	Wow is all I can say! The buffet was very limited and seemed empty for most of the part. In addition, the food was luke warm/cold. The hot and sour soup I thought would be good but was watered down, and lacked flavor. The waitress was kind though and provided us drinks and cleared our table in a timely manner. Just wish the experience was better. I guess if you eat cheap food you get cheap quality food!
3	I am in like with this place. Greasy, sweet American Chinese Food is a new classic and this place kinda nails it. It is not super clean or sophisticated, it just does what it is supposed to do. Go and stuff your face and get along with your day. No glitz and glamor here, just some straight up gluttony.By the way, don't get the takeout boxes from the buffet. It makes you look like a ween.
1	THERE WAS A MOUSE IN THE CELING LIGHTING RAFTERS DO NOT GO HERE. I repeat do not go here. Pointed out the mouse to the restaurant staff and the woman just ignored it and continued to ring customers out. Even the police and everyone in the restaurant just stopped eat. Absolutely discusting.
