4	I have been here for a few months now, signed a 1 yr lease. When looking for a place, I liked the contemporary feel of many of the loft options in the area but I really wanted something less industrial, more warm and cozy. I fell I got that with my apartment. They have several apartment sizes from 600ish sq ft loft spaces to 1100ish sq ft 2br/2ba units. It is a gated community and the gates are only open when the front office is open between 9am and 6pm. Most of the tenants I have seen are Urban professionals, students, and some young families. I decided on one of the largest floor plans, dual master with 1 and 3/4 bath, approx 1100sq ft. I am on the first level and really can't hear the neighbors much through the walls like other places I have been. I have a nice sized patio with access through large patio doors from the dining area and one of the bedrooms, and a small storage area, plus a detached garage. The management is nice and I enjoy going in to pick up a movie or 3, and occasionally they host social hours for the tenants. Initially hesitant with the proximity to ASU's downtown campus (didn't want a bunch of rowdy college students running around at all hours partying at the pool like I had at a previous apt experience in the north valley), I have found it to be quite peaceful during the week and it is super quiet on weekends. Sure occasionally on First Fridays or when you have a lot going on downtown you can hear some party goers but as far as I have seen and heard they are either at Alta across the street or walking outside the complex to get to their cars or a local club. I love the convenience to my office (6 blocks). I can hit either the Van Buren and Central Light Rail Station or the Roosevelt Station pretty quickly and there is a bus stop in front of the complex. The walk to US Airways, Science Center, Convention Center, and Chase Field, Orpheum, Dodge Theater or Herberger Theater is quick, well lit and relatively safe. I haven't even started on the numerous bars, restaurants and clubs that are also too easy to walk to and stumble home from. I have to this point had a very good experience.
1	I wouldn't recommend this place. I have to admit I didn't move here, I went somewhere else but when I toured it was one of the worst experiences I have ever had. The girl who toured me left me alone in the office for 20 minutes to fill out my own information while she ate lunch and watched tv on her computer. When I told her what I was looking for she said they were full and she couldn't show me anything. I practically had to beg her to look at the place. While the apartments were ok, I wouldn't recommend it based on the crappy service.
3	I like the apartments. They have a nice big pool, hot tub, lots of trees, movie library, bike rentals, quaint workout room for cardio, and close to everything downtown. THE BIGGEST problem is that they will TOW your guest's car if you do not get them a guest pass. EVEN if it is AFTER HOURS and you are unable to get a pass. My boyfriend came after hours to surprise me, we wrote a not to let them know he was a guest since it was after hours, but they still towed him. Apparently you are supposed to have guests park outside of the complex after hours. Personally I think this is a problem. They pretty much told me that's too bad and brushed it off.
