5	We had the best experience with Moving Team Six. They were cheaper than Two Men and a Truck and most of the other main companies, and they didn't nickel and dime us with charges depending on the size/weight/number of boxes, etc. We just told them we had a three story place with two bedrooms and gave them a ballpark of boxes and big items, and they gave us a rate right away. All the other guys wanted up to 48 hours to get back to us, after asking for a complete inventory of our stuff - with measurements, etc. They showed up right on time, moved very quickly, and were also VERY careful with our stuff. They knew exactly how to wrap the items to protect them. They were also very friendly and moved everything exactly where we needed it. I never plan on using any other moving company!
5	I have only AMAZING things to say about Moving Team six!This family owned business was an absolute pleasure to work with.We hired Moving Team Six to move our office of 40 people, each member of the moving team were friendly, professional and did everything to make our move run smoothly. We are a software company so our move consisted of computers/monitors and technical items that are very fragile, everything was wrapped and moved with care. I would highly recommend Moving Team Six  to anyone that is looking for a moving company with outstanding customer service and a real commitment to delivering the best to each and every customer.
5	We highly recommend Moving Team Six.  We had an unusual move in that pick-ups, packing and transportation of numerous items were made from several locations between Phoenix and Denver.   The bottom line is that Moving Team Six communicated clearly with us the entire time, every item was delivered in superb condition, and the entire project was completed ahead of schedule.....quite easy to recommend them with that kind of performance.Norm Bartlett, Denver CO
5	We hired these guys for our local move.  We have had experience with 5 cross country moves prior to this and these guys were hands down the best moving experience!  They confirmed the day before, showed up on time and were ready to work.  They were polite, professional, and we even managed to have a little fun during the day....which is difficult to do on moving day! They were extremely careful with our furniture and managed to maneuver some very tight spots! I will hire them again for any future moves!
1	These movers ruined all of my belongings and are not willing to take any responsibility for their actions. I specifically hired them to do a fragrance free move, which they had accomplished for me once before. I carefully reviewed with Jared what materials would be used to pack my things, so that no dryer sheets, fabric softener or fragrance would get into my belongings. My mistake was not having this written in the contract. Instead of using the materials we agreed on, they rented Uhaul blankets and wrapped all of my belongings in blankets washed in dryer sheets and fabric softener. Jared denied having talked with me about the plan. The company has taken no responsibility for the mistake. My condition is protected under ADA, yet the company does not care. All of my things are stuck now in a stinky storage unit; I cannot go in there. I have had had to pay people to go in, wash and treat anything I want to use, air it out, then bring it to me. This is costly. It should have been obvious to any thinking person not to wrap stuff in fragrant blankets, when we had reviewed extensively in advance that I am chemically sensitive, and what precautions would be needed. Once the mistake was made, I would have appreciated an admission of the mistake and compensation for the loss. Even people who do not have chemical sensitivities do not always want their things smelling like dryer sheets. What bothers me the most is that Jared flat out lied and denies having talked with me about this in advance. We had three phone conversations about it. If you have any special needs, get it in writing. But do not use this dishonest company.
5	Highly recommend using moving team six. Moved our two story house so quickly and efficiently, also helped move junk items to garage to help us out. Will pack items if you need it, and they are upfront before scheduling what it might generally cost.
5	I didn't end up going with these guys due to scheduling conflicts on my end but they were incredibly accommodating in willingness to work with me as well as reasonably priced.  Even when I canceled my walkthrough I was treated with respect and offered a 'let us know know if you need anything' - thank you for the awesome customer service!
5	I highly recommend Moving Team Six. They were incredibly professional, efficient, and strong. I moved our screen printing business and everything is incredibly heavy and our place was a mess. They went right to work and moved in half the time I expected. Considering you pay by the hour I was blown away that they worked faster than they quoted me. They were very friendly and very careful with everything. If I ever move another business or residence I will call them!Ashley Wain, TumbleTees
5	We would recommend Moving Team Six.  They we all very professional and very Kind.Garrett was wonderful and answered all our questions.  The whole team could not be more professional and polite as well as very hard workers.  My husband and I have moved a few times and Team Six moving Company made a our move very easy and stressless. Thank you so much!
5	I can't say enough positive things about my move with Moving Team Six.  JT, Mike, Stephen, and Adam came in, packed my entire house, moved me across town (with a little hiccup of being stuck on the side of the road for 3 hours because of a tire blow out), unloaded everything into the proper rooms, put together our beds and desk, and did so without one complaint.  A crazy long, 13+ hour day, and they worked hard with smiles on their faces.  Professional, efficient, kind, and accommodating.  We won't hesitate to call them again and would recommend them to anyone looking for any sort of move.
