5	Love this place! Its healthy, fresh delicious food. Its not zippy fast because its fresh made to order so it'll take a few min! Chill out, geez.  Like spicy? Get the spicy teriyaki!
5	My new favorite lunch spot! fast, clean, friendly. Everything I've ordered from the menu has been pretty tasty. I personally like their Arizona bowl, which is like a giant California roll -- bowl style. Lots of avocado included too :) Sometimes the food can take a while to get to you. I've noticed that when you order a roll, sometimes it's the first thing that gets to your table, other times it's the last, when you've already devoured most of your other food (sometimes I'll get 1/2 a roll with a small bowl). But I only get a 30 min lunch and I'm always back in the office on time.Being from Los Angeles, I haven't run into too many reasonably priced little Japanese restaurants (as opposed to the high priced fancy fusion places) that serve yaki soba and udon so I'm very happy to have found this place.
2	I was sadly disappointed, after reading all the excellent I thought it was shoe in. not so much. Long wait for food then it was just ok. Id rather pay more for food that tastes amazing and doesn't take forever to get.
4	Better than some Japanese restaurants I have been too (ah so) where all the dishes taste the same.
3	I'll be honest... I'm a little leery of getting sushi in a "fast casual" setting.  I would never order a souffle at Mickey D's and eating sushi out of a fast food container just seems... well... a little uncivilized.  The sushi was better than I expected although it was rather slow to reach our table.  Perhaps the wait time is more in line with a typical sushi restaurant but not what you expect in a place with a soda machine and Judge Judy.  The cashier was super nice. She checked on us after we received our food and called out goodbye as we were leaving.  Each sushi order comes in a styrofoam take-out container with the lid removed.  The table gets crowded quickly and it's a bit difficult to share.  The prices were average but the rolls were a fair bit bigger than your standard fish joint.  I would be willing to return but I probably won't.  Nothing personal Yogi, but I think I prefer getting my raw on in an actual restaurant.
3	Now that I'm a mom,  I have one tiny bone to pick with this spot. There is no changing table in the bathroom. Not cool people! Mom's go to sushi with babies. Please have a changing table in your restroom. I had to dash out, before my food came, and walk to the public restroom across the street. So inconvenient.The food was good. I'm new to sushi, so I don't have much to compare it to.The crunch rolls and California rolls were tasty. The presentation leaves much to the imagination. A styrofoam plate isn't exactly what I'd like to eat off of, never mind how it will rot in a landfill until the apocolypse.It did take a long time to get our food-but this only made me think they took extra care to make it right, so it's not a complaint, just an observation. If you're in a rush, this might not be the right place to eat.
4	Yogi's Grill has great teriyaki for a reasonable price. I haven't tried anything else, but the few times I've eaten here , the food has always been fresh and delicious.
5	Yesterday Chipotle next door had some free special for kids or something, so I went to Yogi's instead. They cook and prepare things fresh, so it takes a little longer than a fast food joint that has everything pre-cooked. I got the Chicken Udon and Teriyaki Chicken/Tempura combination. Both were excellent.  The Udon is the only Udon around this area.  It's a little pricey, but worth the value.
4	I loved this place! My only beef is that they use styrofoam! 4 stars for that.  It's 2013 and we know what it does to the planet. It never Leaves! Otherwise , my hubby loves teriyaki and I love sushi and I think it was wonderful. The girl in the front was very nice,all the condiments were available at a all you want bar and the sushi was very fresh. It was a little expensive but it's Sushi! I can't wait to go back and try the noodles and croquettes!
4	I dined at a Yogi's Grill near work several years ago and was not impressed at all. So when I saw this new location near home, nothing pushed me to go right away. But then one evening, I reaaaaaaaally wanted a teriyaki bowl. Since there aren't many options, I decided to give Yogi's another shot. This time, I was impressed! It does sometimes take a little time for your order to be ready, but I'm sure that's because everything is being made fresh, so I don't mind. The teriyaki chicken is tender and fairly lean, the rice is perfect and the sauce is great. The only thing I don't like is the sliced scallions they garnish with. I usually don't like raw onions of any sort. I'm a quasi sushi fan, and all the rolls I've had have been great. Also made fresh to order.
4	Regardless of whatever people say it is a great alternative than a burger and fries.
4	I just went here on a whim and was not disappointed, they have great service, the food was good, and the prices great. I was surprised to see sushi available but it was still pretty good. If your looking for healthy stuff,they have that too.
4	Went here out of convince (shopping in the area and starving)  we had the teriyaki bowls and were very pleased .. Nice clean cut chicken (we upgraded to white meat) just enough sauce to where it didn't make the rice soggy , fresh rice (kinda sticky , just how I like) next time I'll try the same thing with veggies though. To top it off , The lady working was very friendly :) we will def be back!
3	This place was okay. Maybe I'm not a teriyaki kind of person, but I wasn't impressed.This being our first time, it took some time for us to decide what to order. The cashier was pleasant and didn't make us feel rushed. I ordered the cucumber salad. My friend ordered a teriyaki bowl along with some dumplings for us to share. The food came out fairly quickly. The salad was brought out first then the other items. The salad was disappointing. It looked nothing like the picture on the menu board. It was a lot of iceberg lettuce topped with strips of cucumber and a couple small cherry tomatoes. A small plastic container of salad dressing came on the side per my request. The dumplings were good, but a bit greasy for my taste. My friend thought the teriyaki bowl was okay.There was really nothing about the food that stood out. It was average food that could be found at any Asian cookie cutter franchise. Not sure why everything is in styrofoam or plastic. No dishes that way, but it didn't add to the experience. I didn't like that dining in meant I ate my salad out of a plastic container with a plastic fork.Overall, a clean place with average prices, average food and a pleasant cashier.I would recommend it if you like teriyaki, but don't go expecting anything amazing.
2	I normally don't leave that many negative reviews but my advice is not to go here. during dinner hours.My husband likes this place so I stopped to get takeout and so far I have waited 30 minutes for two chicken teriyaki bowls. Keep in mind I have waited less than most as there's probably 15 people in line and they have three people working. Additionally I don't even think the food is that good. I don't get it
3	Went in because it was next door to Best Buy where I was getting some work done on my car stereo. I had forgotten that I ate at a different Yogi's and hadn't cared for it so apparently my memory sucks. Got a chicken teriyaki bowl and a dragon roll. It was a bit too much food for one person but I made the attempt anyway. The teriyaki bowl was actually pretty good, though there isn't much you can do wrong with teriyaki bowls. The sushi was ok. Not bad but not particularly good either. Over all it's decent for a fast food sushi place. Much better than the other location I ate at.
1	As I understand it as they were making my sushi rolls they kept asking... "What's in this?" And they would hear back "who cares?!? Fill it with crab! Crunchy roll? Full of fake crab! Philly roll? Full of fake crab! California roll? Full of fake crab... and a tiny bit of avocado! Worst sushi of my life.
5	Such a great place to get some authentic food! I love it, I go for lunch multiple times a week and get the chicken yakisoba. It's amazing. They have really good sushi too. Definitely one of my favorite places to eat.
2	Get the chicken teriyaki bowl and skip everything else. I just got the tempura and teriyaki combo for lunch. The tempura was a carrot and a zucchini i think. Then some long thing with a shrimp tail but I don't think shrimp are pencil size. There was two CA rolls that were marginal but they do not give you ginger or wasabi. Wtf?$10.82 for lunch just not worth it. They need more lunch specials.
2	Although Yogis are found around the valley the first one I went to was the one in Phone on Camelback road and 16th street. The one on Happy Valley is ok but I wasn't impressed. As a comparison to the one in Phoenix on Camelback I have to say that this one is not as generous with their portions. I think they should be equally as good but did not feel that way. I though this may have been a one off but I returned a second time and they were consistent with their same portions which did not compare to the one on Camelback. I was disappointed with the portion size and the quality of the chicken which I found to be cold and a not dry. I had the chicken teriyaki bowl and ordered the large one at that. I will keep going to the one on Camelback.
5	I don't live in the Phoenix area but I always stop in to Yogi's when I'm in the valley. Okhwa is always so nice and welcoming. I typically order the chicken or beef teriyaki plates and they are always delicious! I highly recommend this Yogi's and always look forward to my next trip in!
4	Delicious food like always ... But having been to four other locations around Arizona , I would take other yelpers reviews saying that this location has smaller portions ... But always good food ..
3	I've eaten here many times and I usually get the Chicken Tempura Combo.  I like the variety that comes with the combo and it should fill you up.  Comes in at $10.82.  I think the food is better here than some of the other locations.
