5	Mmmmmm. A whole cherry pie at midnight. Can't beat that.  Don't eat anything else here.
2	The food at Perkin's is consistently terrible.  The breakfast menu is decent but anything refered to as 'dinner' or 'salad' can be safely ignored.Gets points for being open 24 hours and having a really eclectic mix of drunks at 2:45 AM.
4	Very homely atmosphere....good breakfast menu...kind of place where u'd want 2 go with ur family for a sunday brunch
1	Horrible service, and by horrible I mean "the worst ever." Saw our waiter twice, and there were only a handful tables that had people sitting at them...Food was attricious. Dirty plates, everything tasted like old grease... Eggs were greasy and flavorless.  Hashbrowns were limp, undercooked, tasteless, and swimming in a puddle of oil.  Even the pancakes tasted as if they had been deep fried... How the heck do you serve a greasy pancake?!  The only thing that wasn't greasy was the stale pumpkin muffin, but it was flavorless, dry, and disgusting, so if Perkins is anything, they're consistent in the "lacks flavor" department.Ran out of coffee before food arrived; waiter never asked if we needed anything. Gave a half-hearted try at pimping some dessert... Yeah, right.  Never again.  I wish we'd have gone home and had a frozen pizza instead of dropping $25 on one of the most unenjoyable meals we've ever had.
4	Very good/fast service and the breakfast was good. I will come back!
2	I ordered the Belgian waffle with strawberries at 1230am.  It was me and two groups of 4 people. Service seemed a bit slow for the small crowd of customers. Food was ok. The manager was a bit pushy. I enjoyed free WiFi.
1	Can I not even do a star? It was that bad! My friend and I just left perkins it was absolutely disgusting! Our sever was horrible and lacked people skills. Then when we got our food my plate was covered with little black curly hairs, so I can only assume there was hair in the food as well (and the food looked horrible anyways- I wouldn't eat it even if there wasn't hair!!), and when the server put down my friends plate on our table his chicken strips fell off the plate onto the table, and the server didn't even offer to bring him out different chicken. So we ended up leaving without eating. It was ridiculous! And I would not recommend anyone to go there! It was dirty, and the service was horrible and their food was just as bad! OVER ALL HORRIBLE!!!
2	Really slow service..... I ordered breakfast carry out while passing through town.  Not only did my order take long, it sat on a shelf behind the counter until I got up and asked if that was my order.  It's not like they were busy and the staff was overworked.  There were 3 young employees having a sidebar conversation about school during my wait.  None of them were attentive or seemed concerned that I was standing there for 17 minutes.  No wonder the nearby McDonalds with their reheated food menu has higher ratings than this place.
