3	Tucked away location.  Food is good and consistent.  Atmosphere is just a bit too blahhh.  Needs some clutter or something.  If there was not a brick oven, this place could be almost any type of restaurant.  Wine list is okay, nothing to write home about.  Servers are mediocre.  One server (pray you never get him) will talk your ear off.  We will deliberately wait to ensure we do not get him.  Sad actually...Worth a shot, but still waiting for this place to come into its own.
4	I passed by here several times before making my way in, and I was impressed with the food. These folks own a few restaurants around town (Coco Osteria, Luce Ristorante, and a few others) that have always served me well, so I was excited to check out MezzaNotte. I agree with William S that some of the servers are a bit too eager...perhaps it's because the location is still new, so they don't have that mix of jaded expertise that is just right. I was there on a Monday evening, and the wine was 1/2 off, which is GREAT. I had the gnocchi, which were awesome. I'll be back again.
3	According to the Italian-English Dictionary, MezzaNotte means "midnight."  Not sure of the significance, but the Italian name sounds nice to passersby. :-)After driving by MezzaNotte all the time, we finally had an opportunity to pop in for dinner during the week.  It was much more crowded than we expected for a Tuesday, but it was nice to see that so many people were (a) trying it out for the first time or (b) enjoyed it so much that they're regulars.  We were seated right away, and everyone we came into contact with was very friendly.  The menu had Italian appetizers, sandwiches, pastas, and pizzas as options.  Although "pizza" is in their name, we weren't in the mood for pizza and opted for the calamari appetizer and pastas.  The calamari was average.  It was definitely fresh and of a good quality, but there were no spices or anything to boost its flavor.  Just a light breading and a side of marinara.  Good...but blah.  The pastas were good and you can get a small or large portion, depending on the size of your appetite.  My partner had the lasagna, which he loved.  It was very thick and meaty.  I had the farfalle with a cream sauce.  It was good, but again was missing some "oomph."  Maybe it needs a bit of salty prosciutto like Macaroni Grill's farfalle al sugo bianco.  Or some Italian spices?  And I agree with William S's review where he said the atmosphere and decor was blah.  Their only wall hangings are vintage Italian ads which you can find in any World Market or Michaels store.  Overall, it was good, and we'd probably come back to try their pizzas the next time, but it's not someplace we'd make a regular habit.
4	I have driven by MezzaNotte many times, brick oven pizza just doesn't make me wanna stop, but someone said that MN was really good, so I filed it in my little restaurant Rolodex mind. Today driving aimlessly thinking where should I stop for lunch, decided to give it a whirl.Sat at the bar, looked at the $8.95 express lunch  menu, get this. Choice of soup or two salads, slice of pepperoni or cheese pizza and then four or five main courses and TEA! nine bucks. Can I get a hell yeah?Service was ok, my waiter, well, um, let's just say, "he's just not that into me." It was pretty funny, he was pleasant enough, but very indifferent.  Which, hey, I don't care, as long as I have everything I need I'm fine. I ordered the arugula salad, cheese pizza and chicken marsala. The salad and the cheese pizza were hitting the spot and I hadn't even had the chicken yet. The chicken marsala didn't have any mushrooms or a starch. It was chicken on a plate. It was good, not very marsalally, but good.I enjoyed my lunch today and I thought it was a great value. One of the best  greetings is the olive oil white beans with crusty bread. That alone is worth the trip.Can't wait to go back and see my BFF at the bar.
2	We had wanted to try Mezzanotte for a long time before we finally made it there. Three beautiful pizzas arrived at our table hot out of the oven. But when we lifted the pieces up to eat them, they were all completely soggy on the bottom! What a waste of a wood-burning oven. Also, the olive tapenade on one pizza was so strong with anchovies as to be nearly inedible. Is it possible to get the pizzas to come out and not be so soggy?!
4	I don't know why its taken me so long to stop in here.  My hairdresser reminded me the other day that I really needed to give this place a try...and I'm glad I did.  I really enjoyed the ambiance a large bar with a wood fire oven fills one side of the restaurant and an extra dining area in the back plenty of room for larger parties.  The wine was great and the food was pretty good.  I enjoyed the complimentary white beans and bread very tasty...and I had an excellent pasta dish.  I'll be back soon to try some pizza.
3	MezzaNotte is in our 'hood, and we'd tried it twice and thought "uh, nothing special." Last week we met some friends for dinner and had a bit of a better experience. Some tips: 1. No need to order an appetizer. They aren't great and the white bean dip with the bread that they put on all the tables is much better. Save some moola. 2. Go on a Wednesday and they have 1/2 off bottles of wine. Bonus! 3. The pizza is okay if you're into brick oven. The marguerita version has a ton of sauce and fresh mozzarella rounds. So if you're more into cheese then pizza sauce, not for you. 3. The salmon was very good, as was the steamed broccoli. The jasmine rice that came with the salmon not so much. Tasted like Uncle Ben's microwaveable bags. 4. The tiramisu was very good, and I don't even really care for tiramisu on the whole. 5. Our server was attentive without being overbearing. I think this was partly because the couple we went with are regulars (I honestly had a flash back to the show Cheers when they shouted "Norm" every time the guy walked into the bar). The other two times we went, not such great service. Overall, we'll probably be back at some point since it's only about a mile and a half from our house, but MezzaNotte is not on our list of top restaurants in the area.
4	My neighbor kept telling me how amazing the pizza is so I finally stopped in last Wednesday and what a great decision! I had the Isola Verde pizza, with arugula, fresh mozzarella, cherry tomatoes, prosciutto and parmigiana. Delicious! We sat outside on their simple little patio with a glass of Chianti and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. I ordered the 11' for myself and had plenty leftover for a fantastic lunch the next day.
2	I have driven past this place so many times that i finally decided to try it with my sister. We waited by the front door to be seated for a while that we thought maybe there is another entrance...nope just was setting the pace for the evening.We were sat finally, and I like the menu because it has some of my old Favorites from Il Posto when they were opened. We started with the Caprese and it was delicious the Mozzarella was great! Now we finished with that and our server would just keep walking by and basically refused to take our dirty plates because he had better things to do like speak in Italian with the Manager which by watching them seemed as if they were fighting-VERY professional.....For our Entrees we each had pasta dishes that were from Il Posto. My sister had the Rigatoni withe Peas in a Creamy Tomato Sauce with Sausage-She enjoyed it. I had the Pecorino E Gamberi-Penne with Shrimp and Zucchini in a white wine sauce Delicious and light!  Ok so now we have finished our Entree's and our server is once again going back and forth with the manager but this time the manager is now enjoying himself some  dinner and a beer at the bar-must be nice! Finally he comes over and asks us if we would like desert we got the Tres Leches-Not good very dry. And Finally we are just sitting there waiting for our check to come and our server is too busy doing his sidework!!! So i finally asked the busgirl if she could grab it for us-this whole evening consisted of horrible service with the fact that he could care less about his job he obviously just goes to work to hang out and BS!! I will finish with that the food was great and I just hope that the next time if I decide to go back that he is not our server!!
5	I found this place on the way to Zios. Zios wanted me to wait 20-30 minutes for a table for one so I said nope. I'm glad they did. The pizza at mezzanotte is delicious. I once yeld the opinion that you couldn't get good pizza in the US because of the lack of native born and enthusiastic Italians. MezzaNotte proves that wrong.  I can't speak for the non-pizza dishes, but I can say the pizza is good. What I really like about this place is 2 things, the atmosphere, and the quality of the food. The parking is pretty generous from many of the other places I've seen. This place does not exist without a huge irony. Most of the staff that I saw when I went were Hispanic. Their working language was Spanish and their front of house language was English. This isn't a bad thing, its just rather amusing to see Hispanic workers doing as well as native-born Italians. The best spot in this place: If they would move the dishes on the bar, is infront of the pizza oven. Its one of the primal urges that connects a person with food, and basic needs. Its a wood fired pit. The bad: The place isn't a very large place, and I had to wait for 15 minutes just for a bar stool. I can't remove a star from this as that I got the impression that the front of house matradee keep very good tabs on who was still occupying a table, and who was leaving.
5	Great atmosphere! Delish food! Reasonable prices! Exceptional service!! Love- love -love!
2	My husband and I had both of our families in town for a small wedding in February. We had our first date at MezzaNotte and have been regular customers since. We decided to have a little dinner reception at the restaurant after our ceremony. It was a large party of 18 people. We had quite a bit of trouble getting a menu established with the managers. They don't seem to communicate very well and are largely unorganized. On The night of our reception most everything went alright, but we were disappointed that the managers didn't honor our menu requests. We paid a lot of money to have our families eat at the restaurant and while the main dishes were good, our agreed upon appetizers and desserts were not. We were highly disappointed and will probably be looking for a new neighborhood italian restaurant.
3	We made reservations to MezzaNotte on a friday night.  We showed up about 20 minutes early.  Upon arrival there was people in the front, and a young lady which looked like the host but did not greet us when we walked in the door.  She said "Hi" and walked away.  After about 15 minutes the Manager came over and looked up our reservation and informed us the table was being set.  We were then sat within a few minutes.  Not the best first impression but I give them the benefit of the doubt since it is friday night.The service during the dining experience was good.  They kept drinks full and took orders promptly and clearly communicated any thing we would need to know.  Now to the food.  We ordered the fried calamari.  It came out and was very small for 10+ dollars.  It was also covered in fried zucchini which was very very salty.  The tomato sauce that came with the dish was bland and very watery.  Not the best sauce to serve with calamari.  For an entree I ordered just a Bolognese pasta.  This Pasta was not horrible but not a great meat sauce like I was expecting.  My wife ordered I think it was called the Rigatoni pasta with tomato cream sauce and peas.  It was a little bland but not bad.Overall I do not think it was great and will not go out of my way to go back but may give them another try if I am in the area.
4	Espresso was good!  Pizza was even better!  Remember the Majority of the staff is very friendly, polite and provide great service!This Pizza I ordered tasted very good.  It was one of their signature Pizzas (I never order this way - unless it is a signature Cheese Pizza).  This was a (I'll call it "thin" crust) Pizza with two types of cured Peppers, Salami, Sausage, fresh Basil leaves (whole leaves), Buffalo Mozzarella and a tasty Tomato Sauce!  While the flavor was very good the Pizza was Totally Beautiful as well! I'm picking on someone when I use the word "Totally" in case they ever read my reviews!  I would not chose this Pizza again, though if someone else chose it I would eat it again!  I prefer minimal toppings so It took a while to figure out why this Pizza was soggy in the middle (it was cooked perfectly) and the Sausage was the only ingredient I was not a fan of!  If this had been a sausage pizza it would have received half as many stars or less!So far I have only been here twice, the food was very good both visits and I will return because if this multi-topping Pizza was this good I imagine a three topping (Basil, Cheese and Tomato Sauce - OK maybe that is considered ONE Topping) Pizza would suit me fine!
5	The best Italian Restaurant in Charlotte! Everything is fresh and made from scratch, the staff goes our of their way to be helpful and friendly. This is our go to place to entertain clients from NY, LA ,etc. and they all rave about the quality and taste.Their pizza is by far our favorite in the city and we are from NYC!
2	Perhaps I'll give MezzaNotte the benefit of the doubt because it was Restaurant Week... but if ever there was a time to woo customers and get them excited about coming back, RW is it, and I was left unimpressed by my experience.  Now, it wasn't bad in the slightest but definitely not a place I'm going to rush back to.Food: Only okay, and some items were better than others.  The tomato soup was reminicent of Campbell's, although the added goat cheese provided a deeper flavor.  Panzanella is supposed to be a marinated bread salad, yet MezzaNotte's version is all tomato with a few croutons sprinkled on top as a last-minute afterthought.  The mussels & shrimp pasta was nothing to write home about, and the pesto gnocchi had a sour aftertaste; however, the waiter's recommendation of the veal was spot on and full of flavor.  Between the tiramisu and chocolate mousse torte, the tiramisu came out a clear winner (and this is spoken from the chocoholic).Service: The service was pretty good throughout the evening, which I'm sure is no small task during Restaurant Week.  We were enthusiastically greeted when we entered and were brought complimentary glasses of champagne when seated.  Many tables around us were dining with children, and it never seemed overwhelming or out of control - either for them or for us.Location: Located in the same shopping center as a Smoothie King, Chipotle, and Massage Envy (among other retail establishments), MezzaNote doesn't lack for parking, which is awesome.  Interior is nothing to write home about, but inoffensive too.
4	I'm probably not qualified to rate this place overall because I have only been there twice and tasted only their pizza and eggplant parmesian.  The pizza is okay but the eggplant parmesian is one of the best i've had and I'm 1st generation Italian.
5	Love this place!  We done here 3-4 times a month and the food is consistently excellent.  The wine selection is great and the new updated decor is in great taste.  The owners are personable and hands on.
2	I had an odd experience on Sunday. I was meeting a friend for a drink after work. I sat at the bar and then began to check in to Yelp. The waiter/bartender looked over my shoulder and saw the red Yelp screen He immediately started going off about online reviews; about how they were unfair and inaccurate. This was before he had taken my order.#1 Why are you in my business?#2 I just wanted a drink, I was tired and wanted to relax with my friend. Just take my order please without the commentary.#3 To counteract bad comments, do a good job. You will get good reviews
2	Well, I was disappointed,,,to say the least..I read the Queen's Feast menu for this restaurant and I had eaten lunch about three years ago at this place. Three years ago, my 7.95 lunch was wonderful- a grilled Eggplant parm...but last night..not so good. We came in early ( 5:30) so it was not crowded or busy. We ordered a Caesar Salad ..Extra- not on the Queens Feast . Very bland..obviously a Bottled dressing...really nothing..they took our 3 course order right away with the salad order. My daughter got the Mussels, they were very good, loads of garlic and cooked perfectly. I ordered the Vitello with Tonnato Sauce.It was also so very delicious, thin slices of Veal with a a micro green salad with a light yellow sauce on the top. Very good. Before we finished the Salad and the first course ---Our Entree was on the table..we said.."Hey wait we are not done with the appetizer yet. they did not care. I had the Papperdelle with Tenderloin Pieces and Roasted Cherry tomatoes..Not special..tasted like Stouffers..My daughter had the Veal..it was okay...  just meh..nothing great and the rushing was obnoxious...We had ordered a bottle of wine..which was not done by the time the dinner was on the table..way too fast!!
4	I stopped into MezzaNotte last week on a cold and rainy day.  Since the weather was so dreadful, I was thinking that it was a perfect day for pasta. After checking out the menu, I decided to go for their lunch special.  For $9.95, you have a choice of the soup of the day or one of the salads, a slice of pizza, a choice of pasta, and tea.I chose the Margherita pizza and really enjoyed it. Definitely a true Italian style pizza - simple but quality ingredients - tomato sauce, fresh buffalo mozzarella and basil on a nice crispy crust.  For my pasta, I went with the baked eggplant penne pasta.  Really, the salad and pizza were enough for lunch, so I was able to take my pasta to go for another meal, which is a nice bonus!   I was pleased with both the food and the service on this visit.
5	Just catered dinner for 16 using the family servings of chicken piccata, Caesar salad, broccoli, and rice. Absolutely delicious and served to nothing but rave reviews! Great food. Great people. Oh! And the tiramisu was fantastic!!!!
5	The first time I went to Mezzanotte was actually on New Years Day, it was me and 3 of my cousins who went with. It was slow that night. The owner Gianni served on us that night. When we told him we wanted wine, he told us that the wine was on the house tonight, since we did mention it was our first time going there. The food was by far the best Italian food I have ever had without breaking the bank. All 4 of us kind of shared everything so we can rate everything and figure out what we thought was the best thing to order. Same with the the desserts, I have never had the best Tres Leche Cake in my life until that night.Gianni knew what he was doing, from courtesy pours on our wine when a glass was getting low, he knew the menu very well, well he is the owner I would hope so. He knew what he was doing to make sure we would be happy walking out of that door. I have been back to take my Mother and Grandmother for brunch and they loved it, considering they prefer to make their own food.
5	I consider myself a pizza snob, coming from NY I was not thinking I would ever find great pizza in Charlotte but to my surprise MezzaNotte won me over! They have great pizza and dinner entrees but I have to say I usually go with the pizza since it really is my favorite! It's a fun place and if you sit at the bar Kari will take great care of you! If you go on a regular basis she knows what you like and has it ready in a flash! We love MezzaNote and would highly recommend it!!! Thanks to all there for making us yankees feel right at home!
5	awesome service , the food is amazing! If you like pizza this is the place to come! you will love it and it's totally casual and family friendly!
5	Hands down the best-tasting, high-quality brick oven pizzas we've ever had every time we visit!!!  The margherita pie is our favorite that we always order.  Not your typical pizza place & this is coming from us are not from NY, but just from DC/MD.  The service is On Point, while the Management & Staff are very friendly, inviting, and homely.  The ambience is warm and modern.  Did I mention that the wine selection is Great, too??  They have a variety of Super Tuscans!  The perfect spot  for a cute little date night (sitting at the bar here is just as elegant - our favorite thing to do in a casual date night) or dinner with the family of folks.  Highly Recommend!!
5	Eggplant parmesian continues to rock! Never disappointed!
1	I made a reservation a week prior to Christmas Eve for 9 pm. The day of I called to confirm, when speaking to a woman on the phone she sounded as if she didn't see my name but confirmed for 9 anyway. When we arrived at exactly 9 the manager informed us that the kitchen closed at 9 but if we ordered right away they could accommodate us. Just what we wanted, to be rushed through our Christmas Eve dinner.  As we looked over the menu the employee hovered over us waiting for us to order. There was almost an audible sigh when we order antipasto prior to our main course. If we paused for more than 10 seconds in between bites the bus boy was upon us trying to clear so they could bring out our main course. When we "finally" finished we were not offered coffee or desert but was handed the check immediately. The whole "dinner" took 45 minutes. To say that we were disappointed would be an understatement. We will never return nor will we recommend Mezzanotte.
