4	Jersey Mike's Subs are one those few sandwich places that I don't mind going to every so often. One of the main reasons why is that they only had 3 locations in the Vegas area. With this being the fourth one that just opened up only makes the percentages of me having a JM sandwich even higher.This day I had a regular size "Big Kahuna" on wheat bread. It's a Philly Cheesesteak with Onions, Mushrooms, Peppers, and Jalapenos. It tasted how a Philly should taste like. The only thing I that kind of bothered me was that I wanted it with extra onions but when I got my sandwich, there was hardly any at all. Since I had time constraints for lunch and there was a long line, I just let it go. Hopefully next time they get it right.Their cold sandwiches are also very good. If you are not sure what to get, I recommend the #9 Club Supreme. It has Roast Beef, Turkey, Swiss, Bacon, Mayo, and topped off with Mike's Way. What is Mike's Way you ask? Well on all the cold subs, if you want all the fixins' you say what cold sandwich you want and say you want it Mike's Way which is Onions, Lettuce, Tomatoes, Spices, and "The Juice" (red wine vinegar and olive oil blend).Their location is one of many eating establishments all clustered together in front of the South Premium Outlet Shopping Mall and right next to Las Vegas Blvd on the east side.Service is efficient for they have an assembly line style of sandwich making. I notice they have one person constantly making sure all the tables are nice and clean.The only negatives that I can say are that the parking is limited especially during lunch and dinner rushes. They said they have free WiFi but is not set up yet. You think that would be ready when they first opened. Overall, I will definitely eat here as one of my many rotations in this area.
4	Pretty good sub. Regular size is a decent size sandwhich. Good enough for lunch. I ordered the Club Supreme. Turkey and roast beef with bacon. The bacon was crispy and that's a plus. Ordered it Mikes Way without tomato or onion. So it had lettuce, mayo, oil and vinegar, seasoning, and salt. I added pickle and banana peppers. They put on a lot of oil and vinegar so beware if you aren't the biggest fan. They slice the meat and cheese when you order so that's nice. Overall it was a good sandwhich. Will probably come back.
1	Where's the meat? Just got a $12 sandwich that maybe had 25 cents worth of meat on it. Total ripoff, will never eat here again.
3	Make sure they listen to how you like your sub. My wife and I have never had a problem with the ones we have been to in the Dallas area. But this one screwed up both of our orders a little (not horribly bad), but it was apparent they didn't listen very well to how wanted our subs. The staff was very nice though.
5	This was my first time at Jersey Mike's and thought it was so good.  I got the philly cheese steak and it was made perfect.  The atmosphere and bread reminded me of Jimmy Johns so I was already in love with the place.  I'm looking forward to go back and try a different sandwich so I can accurately compare to other sub restaurants.  The workers were helpful and very nice.  I highly recommend trying out Jersey Mike's!!
5	I usually don't like subs thanks to subway.. But luckily my boss discovered this place because I absolutely love the sandwiches from here
5	Way better than Subway. Sandwiches are absolutely delicious, especially their classics. There's more toppings selections here as well as dressing selections than at Subway. They give military discounts, too!
5	I could seriously eat at Jersey Mike's daily. It's by far 1 of my favorite deli meat / sub places to eat in town. The staff are always so welcoming and friendly and the place is always so clean. The chicken Philly is incredible as is the turkey BLT. They alive the meat in front of you and always give you plenty. They don't short you like subway. If you want all the fixins, just ask for your sub "mike's way" and you are sure to have more than you can handle. The location of this jersey mike's is perfect right off Las Vegas blvd and by the outlets. The only drawback for this location is that the parking lots are often full and space is limited. But all in all, this is a great place to eat and I will be back again and again. Enjoy.
4	Jersey Mikes gets four stars from me ladies and gentlemen.  Stumbled on this place after Chipotle a block up the street had a line out the door. The staff at this location was great, they took their time and walked you through your options. Enjoyed the fresh cold cuts which are cut in front of you and the fresh sub roll.
5	Had a great experience here yesterday- the girl at the counter walked us through all of the options and made great suggestions. The sandwiches were delicious! Sad the Quiznos closed in this location but the customer service here couldn't be beat:) We will be back.
4	Friendly staff and exceptional service! Gave me extra cheese on my sandwich at no charge which makes me a huge fan!! I frequent the Jersey Mike's in San Diego and was visiting Las Vegas with a friend. She'd never been to any Jersey Mike's, so I thought I'd introduce her. She loved it as well; the only complaint is that they didn't have chips to her satisfaction... She's the PICKIEST eater in the UNIVERSE so don't even fret about that. If I ever need Jersey Mike's while I'm in Vegas again, I will definitely come back to this one!
4	Four stars for a chain!?  Well yes, if the staff is well trained, knowledgeable and friendly.  This was my first time entering a Jersey Mike's Subs, as far as I know we do not have one in the Bay Area.I believe that the young man who helped me out told me his name was Javier.  If not, I will describe him.  He was young and attentive, possibly of Latin origin, and looked like he enjoyed sandwiches.  Now that final description was actually confirmed by "Javier" when he told me that he had started his work shift with the club sub.  He explained "Mikes Way" to me and made my first overall experience with this chain a pleasurable one.I was especially pleased that one can order a mini version of the sandwiches.  For those times when one is hungry, but only enough for a sub-sub.Ha Ha!  I said sub-sub!  Hilarious.
2	I don't know how good this Jersey Mikes is because it did not close at 10am as started on Yelp. It closed at 9pm....off to smash burger
5	#13 original sub made Mike's way is my favorite choice.  This chain beats Subway, Togo's & Quizno Sub hands down!  We were shopping at the outlet but decided not to eat in their food court because the choices were truly horrid.  I am glad we came here because the ladies that were on shift were very friendly & greeted us well.  The place was clean, customer service was excellent &, of course, the food is always delicious.  I just love Jersey Mike's.
2	Super friendly and attentive staff, the turkey in the sub I purchased was fine, but the rest of the ingredients were low-quality bland central and very little selection. Wouldn't go back, sorry.
4	Definitely a great sub! First time there for lunch today and I was impressed with the #13 Original. Everything freshly thin sliced and the bread was excellent.
5	Overall: I love sandwiches and this is my go-to, especially for a good, solid classic-style sub. I keep coming back to their Italian and Mike's way is the only way!Food: As noted, while they have a couple of fun subs like the Big Kahuna Cheese Steak, I feel that they hold it down when it comes to a more "traditional" approach with their subs: good bread, quality meat and simple ingredients. That's not to say that traditional is bad. Other sandwich spots have their angle. Jersey Mike's just puts a product that stands more on keeping to simple ingredients of quality than venturing into the hit-or-miss territory of inventive subs.Staff: I have been here plenty of times (many of times I even forget to check in....I get sub-sandwich-tunnel-vision) and I have never had a bad experience with the staff. They are professional but they are also fun and talkative; they do not go into that mechanical sandwich-making auto pilot mode you see at other spots. Also, while it looks like chaos at times, they are very good at assembling multiple subs at once (when I go...it's usually for picking up an office order so it's usually 4-8 subs).Facilities: I usually take my food to-go but their facilities are always clean. Additionally, all of the location I have been to have had plenty of seating.
