3	I drove by a few days ago, and noticed that the signage where Aji Picante used to be had changed... intriguing! So, when we didn't have any food at home and needed a place to go, I suggested that we see if Nu had opened.Nu bills itself as a modern Jewish bistro (the name is Yiddish). Inside, it looks only a little like Aji Picante used to, mainly because they have added an open kitchen in the middle. I prefer this incarnation, and think Nu has a lot of potential. The food is distinctively Jewish, with an emphasis on sandwiches, soups, and deli salads (think smoked fish or eggs). The aesthetic is similar to Porch and its ilk, down to the chalkboard announcements of the day's offerings. So, consider it an upscale Jewish deli, but with much nicer service! You seat yourself when you walk in, and the menus are kept on the table, just like they are at Pamela's. Service was very sweet.We had 1) Jewish Penicillin (i.e. chicken soup), 2) chili, 3) the special brisket sandwich, and 4) mama's meat blintzes. The chicken soup was quite good, and definitely worth having if you are in need of some comfort food when you come down with the inevitable cold/flu. I had it with a matzo ball, which was a bit on the dense side. The chili was overly salty, and almost completely beef, with minimal beans. Some people may prefer that version of chili; I do not. I prefer a balance of beans to meat to tomato, and this was just too meaty for me, even though I am quite carnivorous! The brisket was also a little on the dry side. The blintzes were pretty tasty, but could have used a bit more filling (or maybe we are just spoiled by grandma's blintzes... unclear).I know this review makes this place sound not so good. Let me be clear - I think Nu has a lot of potential, and we fully intend on coming back again once they have gotten a little more time under their belt. Despite feeling a bit "meh" on the food this first time, we liked it enough that we really want to see it succeed.If you're vegetarian, you can pretty much write this place off. There is a salad or two that might work for you, but otherwise, this is not your place.
5	This is a very good place. Barley soup, pickles, and Mandelbrot were excellent. Sandwiches were also good. Definitely coming back.
5	I went there the first day it opened with 5 other folks.  Despite the fact that it was the very first day, service and food both were wonderful. I started out with mish mash soup, a delightful concoction of chicken soup, homemade noodles, matzoball (dense like my mom used to make) a dumpling made out of ground chicken (I forget the name) and the most fantastic giant kreplach (noodle stuffed with a chopped brisket and onion filling). The soup was served with chunks of chicken, carrot, and a sprig of fresh dill. My husband tried the stuffed matzo ball soup --  the same delicious soup but the matzo ball had a chopped brisket filling---amazing. That soup is the ultimate Jewish comfort food and every bit as good as my Jewish mother used to make. I knoiw where I will go for soup when winter colds strike! Next we tried the fried pickles which were housemade with a crust of corn meal and other ingredients-the crust was crispy-crunchy and was perfect with the pickles and its accompanying sauce--very addictive. My friend and I shared the reuben knish which had to be the best take on the reuben combination I ever had. Even beats the Carnegie Deli Reuben which before the reuben knish, was my all-time fave. The knish was filled with montreal smoked meat, chopped, mixed with sauerkraut and cheese, then stuffed into an amazing flaky crust. It arrived with a russian dressing dip---sinfully wonderful. It makes a good-old-reuben pale by comparison. My husband had the Jubana sandwich--a take on the Cuban--with Montreal smoked meat, Jewish brisket, those wonderful pickles, cheese and homemade mustard--to die for!  They could make a fortune just bottling and selling that mustard--do not miss it. The presentation of the food was unique and appealing (don't want to spoil the surprise).  The kids had brisket--yummo-and lox and were quite happy. The portions are so big that you will end up with leftovers (great reheated, so who cares?)  Although we did try the french pressed coffee (rich and satisfying) there was no room for dessert. Cant wait to go back to try so many other appealing menu items------and maybe we can even work in  a dessert or 2 next time. So much looked good, as I saw orders coming out of the open kitchen, but if you are an unadventurous eater, try the basic smoked meat sandwich--that stuff is like a cross between corned beef and pastrami but is better than both and with the good bread and homemade mustard, will satisfy anyone who likes either of these fantastic deli meats. Well, we plan to go again next week and have vowed to try only new "NU" things---so I will post again. Meanwhile, Pittsburgh finally has some creative Jewish food and I for one could not be happier.
5	Had a delicious late lunch!  I'm kinda vegetarian, so there was just the one vegetarian sandwich option for me -- a sabich -- and it was fantastic. Deep-fried eggplant, hardboiled egg and various flavorings. I also had a chocolate egg cream, which was perfect. The other person had the Cobb salad, and said it was delicious. It had crispy fried chicken skin instead of bacon. The space is attractive, the service was excellent.
4	Been looking forward to this place opening since they put up the awning 2 weeks ago. Had a tasty, tender brisket sandwich! Cured and smoked on premises. My wife had the T.O.M., a brisket with gravy on a challah with a wonderful Kishke!  Topped it off with their Grilled Babka with Salted Caramel Ice Cream. Lovely! We will definitely be back! (Suggestion: I would love them to serve some fires and knishes!)
2	Decided to try Nu for lunch as we had seen it written up in the Chronicle, always nice to support local businesses.  Nu is located right next to Pamela's, apparently where their other restaurant had been.  It is a long narrow space, tables close to each other,  with the open kitchen in the back.  After seating ourselves, we got down to studying the menu.  It had the usual "Jewish-y" described items,but all with a updated description.    It is not particularly on the healthy side or much for vegetarians.  My friend and I decided to order several things and share.  We each got the chicken soup with a (hard) matzo ball.  It was OK, fortunately not over salted. We shared the chicken liver, which was  done as a pate in a glass jar and it was very good served with rye toast.  We got the brisket sandwich which I felt was underwhelming.  It is served open face on soft white bread that got quite mushy, not a lot of meat and some gravy.  It comes with a side of cole slaw in a "take out" container.  I did see a couple sandwiches come out and they were not overstuffed as you usually see in a deli.  The food is served on small metal paper lined trays which took up the whole tables.  I would prefer dishes.....just saying....since you asked....not sure if I will come back here .
5	I came with a friend who referred this to me because it just opened a few weeks ago. It's a Jewish Restaraunt and it was my very first time eating Jewish food.The interior was very open and clean- the walls were decorated with pictures and descriptions of the Jewish food they served there which was very helpful for someone like me. In the back right corner was the open kitchen where we could see the chef prepare our food.Our waitress was very friendly and forth coming as to giving us advice. We first ordered an appetizer of Latke Tots- "shredded potato, onion, and schmaltz fried crispy tot style served with apple ketchup and sour cream" We LOVED it. My friend got the special which was a brisket with cheddar and apples (if I remember correctly) and I ordered the salmon burger- "fresh salmon patty, nova lox, capers Israeli salad under the burger party with dill sauce on a bulkie roll " Both were absolutely delicious. The burger was perfectly cooked and the only fishy taste was the smoked salmon slice on top. The texture, flavor and everything else was a delicate flavor and nothing was overpowering. We shared the desert of the salted caramel ice cream on a chocolate brioche bread and oh goodness that was heavenly. They make their own ice cream which is my favorite part - but with a thick slice of warmed chocolate bread, a single scoop of their salted caramel ice cream was placed on top. Because Nu had their open kitchen, my friend and I were able to compliment the chef. I find it very personal and assured to see and know who is making my food and the chef himself was a very friendly man. I loved this place so much I went back a week later to order what my friend had only to find out they weren't making it anymore! Hopefully they put it back on the menu someday!
5	Great stuff! The food is delicious and the staff is very nice and helpful. We sat near the kitchen and chatted with the chef a bit during dinner.  We started with the blintzes, which were tasty and well seasoned. My wife got the Nu BLT, and it was awesome. Seriously, you have to try it, the chicken skin bacon is great. I got the special deli burger with a fried egg on it. The burger was juicy and well cooked, the smoked meat was tender, and the fried egg was perfectly runny. I intend to try the matzo balls and soup next time. Give it a try, you'll like it.
5	I just visited Nu for the first time today for lunch, and It blew my mind.  I've been to my share of delis, here and in New York City, and have always been a bit underwhelmed by the traditional comfort food served.  I respect that the food here is firmly rooted in the classics, ie. matso ball soup, roast turkey, brisket, latkes.  What I loved was that it wasn't stuck on repeat with them.  Let's get to what I got: I had the latke tots, awesome little deep-fried latkes that were served with this savory apple sauce that I wanted to take home.  I also had the reuben knishwich, which was heavenly.  All of the classic reuben ingredients, encased in a flaky pastry dough that was unbelievably tender and easier to eat neatly than the sandwich version.  My stomach is happily full of warm corned beef and swiss cheesy goodness; I didn't even feel the cold of this sub-freezing December day.I hope this place is accepted and supported by my neighbors.  It may not be Kosher enough for some of them, but there are a lot of us here in Squirrel Hill that just wish we had a Jewish grandmother, and this place has the Jewish penicillin for you.
4	Nu has an attitude towards food that I can only describe as "cheeky."  They take classic foods and tweak them just enough to expand your imagination, but not so much that they become unrecognizable concoctions.  They hang framed wikipedia descriptions of their menu items on their walls: a tacit acknowledgement that smartphone-wielding diners have no excuse for not trying something just because they don't immediately recognize its name.  They serve coleslaw sides in chinese takeout boxes, which is patently hilarious.  I wish more restaurants had this playful attitude towards food without diluting its essential quality.  Too often "culinary humor" means offering insulin-coma-inducing menu items only palatable to people who lost a bet, the profoundly stoned, and Adam Richmond.  Part of the genius of Nu is its ability to tickle your funny bone, your palate, and your dietary sensibilities all at once.Disclaimer: I'm as Gentile as they come, so I really had no context coming in for what constituted traditional Jewish comfort food.  I visited Nu with a friend of mine of Russian Jewish ancestry to help me figure out the menu.  I went with the fairly safe choice of a Reuben Knishwich since it was based on a sandwich that I knew I liked, while my friend ordered the stuffed cabbage Knishwich since she was awed that someone had managed to combine two of her favorite childhood foods.  Both of us left stuffed and happy.  Nu is clearly good for both newcomers in search of a good introduction and oldtimers ready for a fresh take on the classics.  I hope to be back soon.
5	I love good deli food.  I've purposefully searched down the best from Brooklyn, to Boston, to Boca and I haven't found a corned beef on rye that didn't agree with me.  Nu brings a fresh twist to old classics.  Not only do they do traditional deli well, they elevate the art form with a spark of creativity and fun I've never seen brought to deli fare.Any deli will serve you matzo balls and latkes, but only Nu will give you mini lake tots and "Jewish Penicillin" brisket stuffed matzo ball soup.  My friends got the reuben knishwich (A reuben on a croissant pastry bun), and the Neufalleta, a tangy chunky olive Tapenade muffulettas with classic deli turkey, meat, and Gouda, and a Challah Cristo, a juicy turkey monte cristo with swiss on french toast challah bread. We finished by sharing a killer chocolate desert bread topped off with gourmet salted caramel ice cream and cinnamon puff pastries donuts that had warm custard on the inside.  It's also BYOB, so you can wash down your meal with friends on the cheap.  The staff was also very friendly, and helpful with any questions and terminology.  I'd give them 6 stars if I could!Eating here felt like I had Matisyahu perform at my Bar Mitzvah, a fresh take on Jewish culture, with both respectful nods to the past, and a spark of revolution, with fresh, funky updates for the future.
2	If the diner is seeking a place to spend close to $50 on a meal for two in an establishment with no atmosphere, management that is asleep, where intimate conversation is impossible, and in which one will be crammed into seating like fish in a sardine can, and provided a paper napkin, this is a spot to consider.The table for two which my wife and I occupied was about fourteen inches from the next one. The taking of our order was twice interrupted order, our server having to back up and get out of the way when another worker wished to walk by.  In order to clear the table next to ours, the busser had to bend over, whereupon her buttocks were practically in our faces.  When a gentleman walked past our table, he came within a fraction of an inch of his raincoat brushing my sandwich: you get the picture.The prices are high for the quantity of food provided.  The matzoh ball soup was satisfactory (though not as good as what I prepare from a packaged mix).  It was $5.95 for a bowl with two large balls and it was served to us with its temperature a step below warm. The soup was served with five crispy noodles. I ordered the chazzer size Montreal beef sandwich (the literal Yiddish translation of chazzer is "pig"). I thought this might be in the mold of traditional delicatessen mammoth sandwiches with about a pound of beef on it; that was not the case. There was nothing piggish about this $15.99 dish; it was standard size.  The latke tots, $5, was a portion suitable for one person with an appetite.  My wife had an eggplant sandwich, $11.99.  Managers were in circulation, but neither provided a quality check or paid any attention to the customers other than to bring food and remove plates. One of these individuals is a sister of one of the owners and serves as the operator of the restaurant; she was glum.The food was generally tasty and our server was pleasant and reasonably efficient, but the atmosphere and logistics of the place are so abominable as to ruin any meal.  I suppose this is what one should expect from the owners of Pamela's, another establishment with good food, but in which customers are jammed into spaces in violation of the standards of the Geneva Conventions.My wife and I can say that we have dined at Nu; next time and forevermore , Food for Thought or Smallman Street Deli!
5	Aji Picante was my favorite restaurant in Squirrel Hill, and I was sad to see it disappear a few months back. Fortunately, it appeared to have a promising successor in Nu, which has the same ownership (Pamela's) and a menu that is inventive and appropriate for the neighborhood.I visited Nu with some friends last week and was thoroughly impressed. We started with the appetizer platter ($15), a bountiful array of meat blintzes, kreplach, fried potato puffs, and fried pickles. All were quite tasty, especially the fried items.Moving on to the main courses, it is difficult to choose from all the tantalizing sandwiches, each one featuring Nu's house-smoked meats. We ultimately went with the Reuben Knishwich and the Upstreet Dip ($12 each). The former is a creative take on my favorite sandwich: the meat, cheese and kraut are finely diced and baked into a pastry. The result is a delicious and filling stomach bomb that is surprisingly different from a traditional Reuben. The dip was a more standard affair consisting of a baguette filled with thick slabs of juicy brisket slathered in cheese and horseradish sauce.  It too was excellent and generously portioned.Nu is BYOB, so we brought some wine and beer to drink with our meal; when the check arrived, we were pleased to see no corkage fee. All told the bill came to $20/person after tax and tip, a fantastic bargain for such a delicious and filling meal. Service was friendly and attentive. In closing, Nu is a welcome addition to Pittsburgh; I don't know of any other place in the city that serves this type of food. Their menu manages to be both traditional and creative, and their execution is spot-on. Here's hoping it sticks around.
2	I would add that the restaurant does not offer the traditional delicatessen fare of potato and macaroni salad, another flaw.The response from Pam C., below, demonstrates that she is an honorable and gracious business owner.  Indeed, the restaurant is not for me, but I will remember her generosity.
3	A strong 3 stars. Nu provides a decent, but far from overwhelming experience - in fact a slightly disappointing experience, and we got out of it with a "meh" on the lips. It is good, no, better than most restaurants on Murray, but it is not as good as it should.The restaurant itself looks fine (it shares its door with Pamela): there is enough space between tables, simple furniture, open kitchen, decent light.The food was not overwhelming. The blintzes with meat (appetizer) were the best dish of the lunch. We  particularly enjoyed the horseradish remoulade that went with it (the highlight of the lunch imo). The jewish penicillin with the matzo ball and pasta was quite bland, and I have had many better chicken broths. The brisket sandwich was quite tasty, although not light. Prices are fine. A complaint: they clean tables with a smelly product. Surely they know that taste and smell influence each other, and smelling cleaning product is quite unpleasant when the nearby table is being cleaned.
5	yum yum yum great hot dog. this is a great addition to the Jewish community of SQ. HILL!!!!
4	This will probably be a 5 after I try a couple more items. Out of the 3 things I've ordered here, two have definitely been 5s. My first time here I went for my beloved matzoh ball soup. I'm a harsh matzoh ball critic and this didn't meet my expectations. To be fair, no restaurant matzoh ball soup ever has. It just doesn't have the same flavor as the matzoh ball I have at family dinners. The broth in Nu's version was delicious; however the matzoh ball was underwhelming as far as flavor and I prefer a softer texture. Nevertheless, on another dreary day I wanted soup, and I came in deciding to instead try the kreplach and enticed by the specials board offering of noodle kugel (possible one of my all time favorite foods if done well). Wow am I glad I did. The brisket kreplach combined with the chicken soup to create an almost gravy like flavor. So savory. And the cup was loaded with a gigantic dumpling, lots of chicken, and carrots (carrots are key to good chicken soup in my opinion). But the true shining star was the noodle kugel. Dear god...if I could eat 10 orders of it without having to be rolled out of here in pain, it would be very tempting. This was better than family dinner kugel and I didn't think that was possible. So unbelievably rich and yummy. Don't kid yourself...this is basically a dessert not a normal side. But it's a damn good one.
3	Jewish food is my jam. I've been eating gefilte fish smothered in horseradish since I was a toddler (with pictures to prove it). With that said, our experience at Nu was just okay.I haven't had chopped liver in about 10 years (my cousin's grandma made THE BEST version of this recipe I have ever had. No one could top it, so we all stopped trying after she passed). I decided to try it here with my adventurous boyfriend along for the ride. It was pretty good - the flavor was rich without being oversalted. We could've used some more bread, but overall I would say this was the highlight of our  meal.I got the Classic Reuben, boyfriend got the Jewbano. They were...good. The meat was flavorful and there was a nice balance of flavors. I liked the coleslaw that came with the sandwich, but the verdict from boyfriend was that it was kind of bland. All in all, food-wise, it was an okay place and I would probably go back.But, let's talk about service. We sat at a seat by the window and it took half an hour for anyone to take our order, another 15 minutes for the chopped liver to come out, and another 15 minutes for our sandwiches. In Nu's defense, things got a little busy but if we hadn't had a lot of time to kill before a movie, we would've left after being ignored for half an hour. I would go back, but maybe with my expectations a bit more in check.
4	Seeing as it was a Peruvian restaurant just a few years ago, I didn't expect too much authenticity. The chef however tried really hard, and many of the meals were fairly close. The desserts were especially good. Probably brought me closer to a heart attack by about 5 years, however.
4	Apparently this place has been open since November, but I had no idea because of a lack of signage.  Luckily, management decided to finally invest in a bright blue awning that caught my attention while driving down Murray Ave.  I said to my PIC, "We should try that place."  Then, lo and behold a few days later, we were there, enjoying quite a pleasurable Jew-ish bistro lunch.  The sign worked!Now, this place isn't Kosher or anything (hence "Jew-ish"), but my PIC who is of the Chosen People has stated that this is probably one of the best places to get Jewish inspired food in Pittsburgh, and that's saying something from him.  Me, being a Shiksa and unfamiliar with this type of cuisine can't say the same.  However, I *AM* a lover of food, I can say with certaninty that it was pretty darn good.  I got the T.O.M. and even though I'm not eating bread at the moment, the brisket and kishka (think meatloaf shaped sausage thing) were excellent and drenched with this tasty, tasty gravy.  The PIC got the Jewbano, which he devoured.  I even broke my "no bread" rule to take a bite of his awesome looking sandwich.  Luckily I didn't lose a finger in the process!  Additionally, the wait staff seemed very friendly and were attentive to us.  The only thing I didn't really like was the awkwardness of having to go through the kitchen to get to the shared bathroom with Pamela's next door.
5	WOW their matzoh ball soup is amazing.  That deep brown, flavorful broth is to die for.  Portions are great for your money too.  I'll be back!  :)
4	I went here last night with my wife for the first time.  I've had one facsimile of Montreal smoked meat before...at the Mile End Deli in Brooklyn, NY (twice) and it was close but no cigar.  I think Nu actually nails it..a delicious, nicely stacked smoked meat sandwich, not too moist, not too dry, taste is right on.  My wife ordered a brisket sandwich..a little less thrilled only because it tasted like her homemade brisket (and her mother's brisket before her).  I understand that Nu is not trying to be your traditional NY style Jewish deli but I think that staples like knishes and hand cut fries should be on the menu.  Their only presence was in a knish-based sandwich and poutine.  Luckily the server supplied a serving of shoestring fries, not a great substitute but OK.   BTW, the cole slaw is excellent and served in a chinese takeout container, cute.  I would come back and get the smoked meat in a heartbeat.  Pleasant surprise in Squirrel Hill.
5	A very pleasant surprise in terms of quality!! We went for dinner but would recommend it more for lunch based on the type of food they serve. But it was all delicious!
3	Went here on a Sunday at around 5pm. A couple of outdoor tables had customers, but not a soul inside. The waitress was very prompt and nicely explained the menu, a beverage special for the day, and the day's menu and soup specials. I ordered a cup of Jewish penicillin with a matzo ball and a half smoked meat sandwich. The waitress explained Montreal smoked meat and that they do theirs in house. My companion ordered potato latkes and kishka, which she had never had, and I haven't since I was a kid. My soup came out first, as requested. A very generous crock! The broth was nicely flavored wit bits of chicken and carrots, and the good sized ball a perfect consistency by my standards (I don't like them TOO airy). Served with a side of wonton-type strips, but tastily fried in schmaltz for a change. After I inhaled that, my half sandwich arrived (more like a whole) with a newer half dill and a takeout carton of a good not-too-creamy coleslaw. I remember Montreal smoked meat having WAY more flavor and way less fat strips, but this wasn't awful. My companion's latkes came with a small side of sour cream (where's the apple sauce?).  The 3-4 CD-sized disks looked delicious, and had a good consistency, but had a very odd, unappealing flavor. Her 3-4 kishka slices had a dose of gravy, and were decent, but my memory remembers stuffed derma (kishka) being more much savory and salty, less sweet. So all in all, I'd order the soup in a heart (attack) beat for comfort, and might try a different sandwich, but the food didn't make me vaklempt.
5	I won't worry about "authenticity" here, because most of the things on the menu were things I had never heard of or eaten before. However, the waiter very nicely explained kreplach and kishka to us, as well as explaining the process behind the Montreal smoked meat. The main thing is that everything was absolutely delicious and reasonably priced.We ended up ordering 3 things: the poutine, the Kreplach, and the 1/2 pound smoked meat sandwich on wheat. We are poutine aficionados, ok? And this poutine can easily stand next that of Point Brugges/Park Bruge. It was amazing. The kreplach was great too, but obviously the real star was the sandwich. Really delicious and flavorful. In fact, there was so much food with just 3 dishes for the two of us that we couldn't finish the sandwich and had to take half of it home (while my wife made short work of the poutine). To top it off, it's a BYO, so our dinner was enjoyed with some beers from It's Doggin' It down the street. Total came to $32 with tip included for all of this. This is a much more reasonable price range than what Aji Picante was charging in this same space.This is probably my favorite restaurant in Squirrel Hill now. We need to support this place and make sure places with interesting and delicious food stay in the neighborhood.
3	I visited Nu Deli in June of 2014. I had been meaning to visit ever since I saw "Montreal Smoked Meat" on the menu- possibly one of the greatest deli options out there. The decor was nice, everything was clean and we were promptly seated. The waitress was quick to serve us water and take our order (though to be fair, there were very few people there at a 5pm that Sunday). The first thing I noticed was that they had already raised their prices compared to the menu I saw posted online. (I do find it a hassle that they have no website with menu posting). But I was willing to live with the increase, as I've never seen a place offer Montreal Smoked Meat outside of Montreal. I ordered that 1/2 lb sandwich, with coleslaw. At first inspection, its about a 4 inch tall sandwich with plenty of meat. But i like to eat my sandwiches open-face, so I opened it up, and suddenly I'm staring at strips of fat. I would say probably a third of the sandwich was pure fat. Half of it was decent corned beef, and the rest was corned beef laced together with fat. I was somewhat disappointed how much effort I had to put into dissecting my sandwich to remove the fat. The corned beef itself was tasty, though not as Montreal-style as I remember. In fairness, since I don't have a picture of the tasty-looking "before" picture, I won't post the mound of fat "after picture". I was a bit surprised the waitress ignored it when she took away my plate.The coleslaw was cream-based, which I generally don't prefer to vinegar based. But it was tasty. It was in a little chinese take-out container, so as I got closer to the bottom, it was really just a soup of coleslaw cream, which I can't really eat.My fiance ordered the "Grilled Salmich"- basically a salmon fillet atop a pita. She says it was fine. I tasted it too, and I thought it was good, but not particularly flavorful.Overall, I wouldn't call this a replacement for really good Jewish Deli based on these two dishes. In NYC, you get tons more, leaner corned beef, at a price that is only a few dollars higher than this. I didn't dislike it, but it just didn't astound me enough to be put in the rotation of regular frequented restaurants.
4	Comfort food prepared with authentic recipes.  Our waitress was familiar from when she worked at Aji Picante.  Everyone was helpful and friendly.  Their most popular dish is the Upstreet Dip, a brisket sandwich with caramelized onions.  We ordered that and it  was very good. We also ordered the Nu Nu Platter and the Matzo Ball Soup.  Everything was very filling.
4	We entered here on a weekday some weeks back and were the only customers. So what is a Jewish bistro?  I didn't know either.However, it is a strong four start restaurant.We got the sampler appetizer and while one item was not to my taste it was not poorly prepared.  Everything else was excellent.   We both also got sandwiches we selected with the help of our waitress. They were both really good.  I got corned beef and it was just great.I was not disappointed.  Do try it yourself.  Some interesting menu choices.
4	Very pleasantly surprised. I guess maybe I just didn't know what to expect either, as Jewish food is pretty foreign to me.We sat outside in the little patio area, which is nice to watch the foot traffic go by. Started off with the latkes, which were crispy perfection, served with sour cream.My main dish was similar to a falafel or gyro. It was wrapped in pita bread with fried eggplant and tomato and it was awesome! Again, crispy eggplant is the best, don't give me mush! The side of coleslaw was done just right. Not too much mayo, but sweetened appropriately. I'm a hard judge towards coleslaw and it passed!The presentation was adorable too! It came on a tray with the coleslaw in a Chinese take-out carton. Service was very friendly and our bill for two people was $30. Not bad in my opinion.I will note that the menu only offered about four main dishes and the rest are sandwiches. But a limited menu isn't always a bad thing, as I found out!
2	I was excited when I saw there was a new place that actually serves Jewish food in sq hill. I was really disappointed when I found out that most of the food isn't actually kosher. I don't really understand how you can call yourself a Jewish bistro if Jewish people cant actually eat most of what's on the menu.
5	they have chicken soup with matzo (matzah whateva) balls and other beauties :,) jewish penicillin. go here now.
4	I went here twice. The first time I had an egg lox muffin which I would have given 5 stars since it hit the spot. The next time I had scrambled egg with lox and I think it had cream cheese on it which I did not like very much. This however isn't a knock on them since I am merely not a cream cheese fan and did not account for it being included. The service was very friendly as my waitress engaged me in pleasant conversation. While my last meal was still tasty it did kind of sit in my stomach for sometime after. Again though I don't really fault the establishment as smoked salmon can have that effect on me. This place gets a strong 4-star rating from me. I can see myself enjoying this kind of meal more in colder weather perhaps.
4	I've been here twice and both times the food and service were great. As a vegetarian i didn't find a ton of options, but I really loved the Sabich sandwich, a soft pita filled with fried eggplant, beets, and other treats. I love how the food is served on a cafeteria tray over paper with little Chinese take-out boxes for the sides! Speaking of sides: delicious! Best pickle and coleslaw I've had in a while. Their challah makes phenomenal toast. Real deli food at its best!
4	Nu deli is a Jewish Bistro but there are some hidden gems. The montreal smoked beef is heavenly!!!!! The nu mish mash is also a really good soup! The gem dessert is the chocolate babka is so good! If you want a sandwich in Squirrel hill come to Nu deli for a Montreal Smoked Beef.
5	Soups, meats, sides--all spectacular. Been here three times and nothing disappoints. BYOB.
5	Every time we go to Nu, we are treated incredibly, the food is fantastic. i am so glad we live down the street
5	Great service! No wait, actually owned by Pamela's! The food was great-- maybe even better than next door! All sorts of Yiddish references and fun Jewish foods that are hard to find elsewhere. Love the challah French toast. Highly recommended!!
4	I got the Jewish Bahn Mi which had smoked meat, jalepeno slaw and chopped liver spread. Flavors went perfect together. I prefer the way the Vietnamese do it, but NU's version was still very delicious. I chose coleslaw as my side and was not disappointed - the waitress said they use combination of mayo and vinegar, but I think it was more vinegar-based (which is what I prefer). I also split a Jewish Penicillin Soup w/ Matzo Balls w/ my boyfriend, and it is perfect for Pittsburgh's cold winters...especially if you're under the weather.Food came out quickly, service was above average. Cost is reasonable for the amount of food you get.
5	Had the Knishwich & Matzo Ball soup. Thoroughly enjoyed them both! This place is definitely on my Pittsburgh brunch list.
5	Normally when I write a review, I mention a particular meal and try to give readers some idea of what menu items I recommend (or don't recommend). Well, the thing about Nu is that my husband and I go there fairly often, and we've tried most of the menu, and we recommend it all. OK, I'll try to be more specific: Any version of the chicken soup (flavorful stock, great matzo balls), anything with the Montreal smoked meat, the sausage bean soup, the coleslaw, the pickles, Portions are huge, by the way. Nu's cup is everyone else's bowl!We only recently discovered Nu's brunch menu, and it has actually lured us away from Pamela's next door. (Of course, Pamela's and Nu are under the same ownership, so they're still getting pretty much all of our our brunch business.) The Jewish biscuits and gravy may be the epitome of World Cuisine.Last, but far from least, the staff is friendly and the service is great.
