5	The spring on my garage door snapped and my car was trapped in the garage.  I called Affordable Garage Door Repair.  Rick Lane was there within two hours of my call.  He was very professional and had my door repaired within 30 min.  Upfront pricing with no surprises!  Highly recommend!
5	For months of my garage making weird noises it finally stopped working. After looking on yelp for a good repair man and nobody answering I called this company. The owner Rick was able to pin point the problem over the phone and give me a cost. His cost was very reasonable and he fix my garage with no hassle. I was very pleased with his work and his customer service. I will be using him again!
5	I would definitely recommend this company.  I had asked for several quotes and as promised Rick's was the cheapest.  He fixed my garage door spring  in 30 minutes.   I really liked his professionalism ..and best part he didn't push me for any additional repairs.  Thanks Rick ... I now have him on speed dial.. And will definitely recommend him to family and friends.
1	They seem to pride themselves on prompt service, well it took him two days to get out to me. But that's not the problem. Soon as he gets to my house he sees I have a Genie garage door opener. First thing he says is "Oh no why did you get a Genie? Those are garbage and total junk." Kept on saying how much of a piece of crap it is. He says "Oh you bought the worst opener possible." He refused to even work on it because he doesn't like them. All I needed him to do is wire it up with the sensors and the opener button.  Rudest person I have ever met. If you want him to come and insult you about how stupid you were to buy something its the worst thing ever, than go with him. But if you don't like being insulted, definitely stay away from Affordable Garage Door and Opener repair.
5	Marcos the guy! I had received 3 or 4 quotes and everyone said the door had to be replaced since the parts for Amarr Stratford 1000 are not being manufactured anymore. The lowest quote was for $660 to replace 4 panels. Marcos straightened the damaged lower panel and installed a strengthening strut all in 90 minutes and for less than $300. Works fine and we're relieved and happy and satisfied!
5	Garage door would not open so I called these guys. It is  a family owned business so one of the owners  came to my home.  He  quickly diagnosed the broken spring and gave me a very fair estimate without a bunch of add ons. i agreed and he quickly cleared the area of the garage so nothing would get damaged and he completed the repair.  I would highly recommend this company, they give very good service at a fair price. There is another company with a very similar name, I have no experience with them so I can not say if they are good or not but be careful not to confuse the two, this one is great!
5	This company is amazing.  They just saved me over $ 700.  Let me tell a short story.  I am a new first time homeowner with very little experience in home maintenance.  Last week, my garage door wasn't opening.  So I called a big company that had a "coupon" for a $ 90 service check.  The technician came out, said I needed new everything, quoted me over $ 1000 to repair, and said he could try to cut the price down to $ 700.  I wanted to do some research, so I paid him his $ 90 service charge and went online.Next I called the Affordable Garage Door & Repair company.Rick answered the phone immediately and set an appointment that worked with my schedule, on the weekend.  Kenneth just left my house, after charging $ 0.  He showed me where the other company completely, flat out, lied to me about my motor setting.  He explained every part of my garage door, springs, motor, and drums, and why nothing needed replacing.  And he even at no charge, lubed the spring - which the other company didn't even do!  Even when I tried to show my appreciation by giving him a tip, he waived it away as unnecessary!  Truly, this is a fantastic company, I will definitely bring all my garage door issues to them for the next 20 years, and I will tell everyone I know about how they were honest, trustworthy, and saved me a ton of money.
5	Amazing service!  Replaced our broken springs and rollers.  Tightened our chain.  Even put in a keypad for us (by our request).  All for MUCH less than we would have paid for just springs elsewhere.  Marcos was prompt, friendly, knowledgeable and HONEST.  I wouldn't hesitate to send all of my friends and family their way.  In fact, I would recommend they do so if repairs are needed.  This is the ONLY place we will ever call for our garage doors.  Thank you!!
5	Bill showed up within a few hours of my call and replaced my broken springs, he also repaired other issues with the door for the original quoted price. Great job with great service, can't ask for more than that! I highly recommended Affordable!
5	I called a few different garage door places got a couple of quotes, precision came over and tried to rip me off!!! And then luckily I called these guys, what a relief they came over on time, fixed my garage to like new and charged me a hell of a lot less than what I would have paid anywhere else. I would highly recommend them, it sucks to have to spend money, but it's doesn't feel so bad spending money when you know you paid a great price and got it done right.
5	I live in Portland, Oregon. On Monday 10/27/14 my elderly mother who lives in Phoenix called me in a panic. Her garage door wouldn't open all the way so she couldn't get her car out.  She has limited mobility so was basically shut in without the use of the garage door. She had a terrible experience with an unscrupulous garage door company approximately 10 years ago and was scared to have another company she knew nothing about come to the house.I found Affordable Garage Door & Opener Repair on Yelp. Rick answered the phone on the first call. He said they could get out there the next day (10/28/14) between noon and 2 PM. He said it was most likely a spring and gave a firm estimate that was $35 less than I paid to have my springs replaced 8 years ago. My mother was thrilled with the service. Affordable arrived on time, fixed the door, explained everything to her, showed her the broken parts and "couldn't have been any nicer". Highly recommended by my mother (and me)
5	Had them come by my house yesterday to replace my keypad and needed a new remote. Guy was early on time schedule, did the installation, checked all moving parts and left. Good courteous man and reasonable price. I recommend  them and will use again if necessary.
5	I called on a Monday afternoon and Rick dispatched Keith, a wonderful and quick repairman, during the same day! Our garage door needed new springs, which were quickly installed by Keith and our new garage door functions now better than ever before. A pleasure to chat with Keith as well. I'll have your business card in my folder, you guys are my go-to garage door repair people. Highly recommended,  very professional and inexpensive. Thank you!
