5	Love this smoke shop! Great selection and the shop has a cool layout and vibe to it. They carry everything you need
4	Wow they've come a long way over here. Top 3 Shops in town. They're always up to date on what's trendy. They also have the best name brand products around. Great, great glass, tools, and accessories...
5	One of my favorite places to go for glass. Amazing selection, really great prices. Also a great selection on everything else you might need.
1	Definitely the worst vape shop I have ever been to, possibly one of the worst shops I have ever been to as well. I recently purchased a new cartomizer and needed some liquid for the e-cigarette. I brought in my coils and was hoping to find a suitable replacement but they didn't have the selection, and was being helped whom I believe the manager, one guy with a sleeveless shirt, and an older man who could not find the appropriate cartomizer, so far so good. They did not have the cartomizer I was looking for so I purchased one with non-replaceable coils. After which, the manager left and then tried to use the liquid I purchased with the cartomizer to test out the cartomizer . The cartomizer leaked some liquid on the glass counter top and the sleeveless shirt guy started insulting me that I must live with my mother because of the leaking cartomizer. I didnt really bother to answer him because he appeared to be tweaking and frankly I didnt really feel like talking about my income with him because he probably would not have understood. Anyways, the product was defective and I wanted to exchange it for a functioning cartomizer at which case he said all sales are final and I should buy another one.I dont think that is going to happen.------------Message that I received from the owner:I am writing to let you know that I will be posting the video of you in my shop to show the truth.  We tried to make you happy for about 30 minutes.  We had three people helping you including the older man was hearing impaired and disabled.  He's not even an employee.  He was just trying to help.  Also at the 15:51 mark you deliberately dump the e-juice on the counter as you look back at my employee can see you.  I recommend you put up a true review or I will post the video here and on youtube.  Have a nice day.  From the owner who was there in the red shirt.  If you want to talk to me or my manager Billy at 702-227-3021.------------------------------My final update:I didnt have a problem with the older man and he seemed like he wanted to be helpful and bare no grudge against him for not understanding the nuances of e cigarette technology. Apparently, you are the problem because your service is bad and so are your hiring decisions, so I would urge you to go to Vape Square 4001 S Decatur Blvd Suite 27 to learn how to effectively compete as a business. I dont live in Las Vegas, but I felt compelled to write a review because I hate bad businesses that don't honor their word,sell defective products and hide behind "all sales final." I'm done with this place and this review.
5	Boyfriend came in to pick up cigs. The shop has a large selection of glass pieces, attachments, hookah sets, vapor pieces and fluids, etc. Guy with the long beard was super nice and attentive. Highly recommend!!!
5	My husband loves this store, everytime we come in they know exactly what he wants, very friendly and great customer service
5	I just moved to Vegas from northern  California and we've tried about 10 different smoke shops and this is definitely the best one it's in a very nice shopping center. The staff was very friendly an helpful and the shop has everything you need! Definitely coming back here.
1	This smoke shop aside from being nice which seemed to be the only positive thing was not worth my visit and a waste of 15 minutes. Staff was distant and did not greet me or two other persons who walked in behind me. My questions were met with non-benefitting information and extremely short as if it were tedious and dreadful to be asked anything. Needles to say I will not be going to this shop again.
5	Best smoke shop in town! Steve was very patient and so helpful to answer all of our questions, went in for a vapor question and came out with with exactly what we needed.  Will definitely come back again and would recommend this place to anyone.
5	The owner is nice & I decided to return again last night to buy some smoke products. What I enjoy most about this location is that the owner does not push his own products. He allows everything in his store to sell it self. I enjoy doing business here. I've gone into other smoke shops and they make u feel as if your at a car dealership and they will do just about anything to sale u anything. It's nice to see that at this location they are not over eager. They are not desperate & they allow u to walk around look and check out cool items that u may not have seen before. Oh and they take cash & visa. They don't close until 10pm.
5	Great place with a great selection of goods. They're happy to answer any questions and very friendly. With all the smoke shops in town we happily drive across town for the service.
5	Great shop, best prices. I found everything I needed. I would recommend this shop to anyone. Definitely going back!!
5	This is by far the BEST, smoke shop, in town. The prices are great. The selection is gynormous. The customer service is unbelievable! Whether you are looking for vape supplies, hookahs, lighters, all natural supplements or even birthday & Christmas gifts, this place is a MUST! They even carry hand made, all natural, scented candles, body lotions, fabric skin and air fresheners. My favorite scent is the Citrus Basil. I don't need to worry about toxic chemicals or inhalants. These products are eco, child & pet safe. Even better still these items among many others are locally made by local residents. Let's support our economy by supporting local business. Thank you, Phil & the gang for supporting your community :-)
5	This shop has great items selections and very nice staff. Kc helped us get what we needed from the moment we walked in till we walked out of their door. Definitely coming back again. Thanks!
5	I came in looking for a detox product. Casey was extremely knowledgeable and helpful. They were very honest and friendly. I will definitely go back when I need to and would recommended this place to anyone.
5	Phil and Lauren are some chill guys that know their stuff and always give great deals on pretty much everything. Oh, and they're one of the only shops in town that are open past 8... You guys rock!
5	I love it when I can go to a shop and get everything thing I need, even helpful tips when I am not knowledgeable about how a piece works, they got your hempwick, awesome selection of grinders and so much more, awesome shop! Sending my friends here!
5	I love this shop and all the workers, Their all super friendly and helpful. I always feel welcomed. It's one of the only smoke shops I go to (:
5	Inexpensive sales rep are knowledgeable came from LA and forgot smoking tools for extracts came here and left very happy!!
5	I've visited my fair share of vape and smoke shops, and this one really left quite an impression on me. The employees who helped me were very educated and knowledgeable about the products they were selling, and they helped me get exactly what I was looking for and more. Still Smoke & Vape also produce original vape flavors that are absolutely amazing. I was also told they'll be selling their products online soon, which is great for out of towners like me who want to continue using their awesome vape flavors and products. This smoke and vape shop gets my highest recommendation.
5	We absolutely love this shop! We stopped going to any other shops because of Casey the owner. They have the best juices, great prices, and AMAZING customer service. This place is the BIZZNAZZ
5	I took my son in law into the shop today so he could buy some juice. The gentlemen were extremely helpful and the customer service was excellent! I'd definitely recommend this shop to anyone!
