5	WOW!!! I visited the Spa at 'The Hotel' at Mandalay Bay last weekend.  I am a spa connoisseur and let me tell you it was the best spa I have ever been to.  The design is very modern and the place was kept so clean.  They had a huge array of drinks and snacks to choose from while relaxing.  I had a massage... and I like em deep and rough.... Prolly cause I'm a rower.  My masseur had 'magic hands'.  The steam rooms and whirlpool were a hit with me and my girls.  This place is great for recuperating from a hangover.  Definately relaxing in style!
5	This is my favorite spa in Las Vegas. I love the design and the layout. The staff is friendly. The services are supreme. The masseurs are very well-trained and talented. I've never had an even marginally bad experience here.The one criticism I can offer is... why aren't the men allowed to use the baths? I mean... c'mon.
3	(*) 1 star for the massage(*) 1 star for the service (they not only provide hair dryers but also curling irons and wigo straightening flat irons)(*) 1 star for the facilities (steam room, sauna room, several baths at different temperatures, lockers and showers, etc.)(*) 1 star for the modern decor/ambiance(*) minus 1 star for the salty assortment of nuts (i was hoping for some fresh almonds and dried apricots)= overall 3 stars
4	The decor at the Bathhouse is definitely something to get used to.  It is not the usual elegant, relaxing feel...but more of the sleek, very modern vibe.  The black walls and red lounge chairs did not make me feel very relaxing.  I prefer the elegance and calm over at the Spa Mandalay.  However, the facial I received was out of this world!  Overall, very nice and clean spa...just not my taste.
4	Just like everything at The Hotel, this place is kinda overpriced. at the same time there are so few relaxing aspects to Vegas that it makes the experience well worth it.The Spa was beautiful and the people were helpful. The only problem I had was my first treatment started late and ended early. The masseuse was extremely experienced, and the hot rocks treatment was amazing.The facilities were kinda lacking, but I didn't spend too much time using them so it wasn't a problem. I guess Burke Williams spoiled me.
4	Wow!! This spa at "The Hotel" at the Mandalay Bay was my destination for a day of relaxation. This amazingly chic, soothing spa has all a modern girl (or boy) could ask for. The experience from the exit on the second floor, all the way through is a treat for the senses. I took a private mud bath that was coordinated with a selection of hot tea!! All the little details we spa aficianados live for are met and exceeded! I will be addicted for life!!
4	This is review for the gym AND spa at THE hotel....so I LOVED the spa.  My only thing is that I would have loved to go into the jacuzzi and plunge pool naked (I don't know, isn't that what spas are about?) but there were a bunch of teenagers sitting in there talking so loudly and in their swimsuits, so I couldn't relax.  The decor though is great, and I love the feeling of the whole spa.  I had the Moor Mud Bath and it was really nice and relaxing.  I loved the overhead ceiling shower, it was a nice touch.  I would go back, maybe not on the weekend because it could get crowded. The gym......was CROWDED.  there was no space and everything was packed in there.  I was surprised that so many people were in there, who knew people worked out in Vegas!  It was clean but really packed with equipment.  Good equipment though!
5	I am a spa snob. I don't know how this happened b/c I grew eating government cheese, drinking lipton tea, and the only pool I had access to was the big cement thingy with water and tons of chlorine at the middle of our apartment complex. Nevertheless, when it comes to spas I am hard to please but always appreciative.  Cleansing myself of debauchery is by far my favorite thing to do in Vegas. I have been to many of the big spas in Vegas including: the wynn, the bellagio, venetian (canyon ranch), the mgm, etc.  but the Bathhouse tops them allIt's dark and relaxing with three different temperate Jacuzzis and a lounging pool. The spa and steam room are equally as awesome. They need to improve their snack selection (MGM beats them there) and vanity area (MGM & Bellagios are nicer) but overall it is the total package.The low down: $35 daily pass (I think $30 if you are staying at The Hotel). Gym pass for the day is includedNot crowded on weekdays
5	Hands down, the best spa in Vegas. I came in here for some R & R until I saw the gym. Then I decided I wanted to get all pumped up. The equipment is nice and clean. The gym doesn't smell like an abundance of sweaty men. I had a great 2 hour work out. I made my muscles work till they were sore and I felt like I was gonna puke. The spa area itself, you can get a multitude of things from a waxing, baths, wraps, mud baths, facials. Really it's full service. The steam room has scents of Eucalyptus, and the sauna smells like fresh cedar. The whirlpools are so relaxing. Even the water....there's cucumber water or Lemon Water. Everything was so refreshing. Fresh muffins,  selection of teas. You get a bathrobe, slippers, and a bunch of magazines from Time, Maxim, Men's health, etc. Yea I was in the men's side, so i couldn't tell you what's in the women's!But I have this plan to dress like a girl and infiltrate it. I just need to keep working out here to get into a size 2. Definitely a great place to go to relax. If you don't get a treatment. Admission is 30 bucks and it's all day. That means when you get done with your workout in the morning, come back at night so you can get another workout and a relax hit again.
4	Bathouse is really nice, its the first Vegas spa I had ever gone to!Now all the hotels have nice spa's!I do like bathouse, it had modern decor but I do feel like its kind of dark. Its nice though I mean if you are in the area def check it out!I think my mission is to check out all the Vegas spas!Venetian is next!
5	Amazing spa !Only disappointment was they didn't carry Male Species.I've been to all the spas in Vegas except the Bathhouse, this hasthe best I've seen for what a spa has to offer.Fantastic amenities and atmosphere, ideal for recuperation, esp after a workout.Couldn't recommend a better place to de-stress.
5	I spent a few night at The Hotel in Mandalay Bay for a conference and decided to visit their spa to relax to discover one of the most amazing spas ever!  I absolutely love this spa, from the decor, ambiance, amazing massage to the fruit juices, nuts, muffines, and fruits they provide.  I've stopped by a few other spas in Vegas since and all of them pale in comparison to the Bathhouse (though I have to say the name isn't very appealing).  This one definitely made it on my favorite spa list!
2	So I was all excited to make an appointment for my sister and I to get pedicures here when I visit her for her birthday in a few weeks.  After being on hold for ten minutes and listening to the same recorded message about the spa's amenities four or five times, I found out the bad news.  On top of the ungodly price of the pedicures, they charge a $35 fee per person on the weekends if you're not staying in the hotel.  LAME.
5	The best spa experience I've ever had.  The ambiance is spectacular - it's all espresso wood and slate walls with water features and glass staircases aplenty.  The staff was very polite from check in to check out.I had a 25 minute herbal bath, a hot stone massage and a manicure.  My mani lasted for five days without chipping, and the hot stone massage...well...I wouldn't have minded if THAT had lasted for five days, too!  So relaxing!  The bath was nice - you're basically sitting in a tub full of tea, in a darkened room with a ceiling so high you can barely see the top.  I do wish the music in there would've been a little louder, as I couldn't hear it over the roar of the jets.  Overall, Bathhouse was an amazing experience, and I'm definitely adding it to my "must do when in Vegas" list!
5	This place is amazing. We stayed at THEhotel for a few days, and I availed myself to a myriad of spa services, from an ayurvedic herbal bath to a collagen facial.The bath was amazing, I felt so cleansed and purified afterwards, and I typically don't go for that whole hippie thing (though I'm a total sucker for baths, and have been to a few genuine bath houses (as in bathing) in Europe...so that was just great.What I really liked about the facial I got was that I had originally been scheduled for a more expensive treatment, however when the aesthetician saw my skin, she commented that it was in quite good shape and that I did not need such an extensive treatment...so not only was I getting flattered, she as doing it to get me to have a cheaper treatment. I thought that was fantastic.Not unlike the spas in Baden-Baden, the Bathhouse also has a myriad of differently heated pools in which you can bathe after your treatments. Very refreshing.
3	I am not so sure about this place... don't get me wrong, it was fun. But like many things in Vegas, I think it was mostly glitz. The waiting room was very small, and my friends and I were standing quite a bit (the last thing you want to be doing during your spa day.) My massage hurt like hell, but I suppose it's my fault for not speaking up. The decor was nice, but I couldn't help but notice chunks of wall coverings and furntiure that were missing or broken. I have been to several other spas that, quality wise, blew this one out of the water. With that said, my friends loved the whole experience... I could have done without it and would have rather put my $150 on red.
5	Yes!  Yes!  Yes!  Eucalyptus steam room, redwood sauna, a zillion different soaking tubs - just what you need after an intense night of partying.
5	I'm a huge sucker for spas, THEBathhouse, did NOT disappoint!  So completely the lap of luxury.  Amazing.  I recommend the oxygen facial and the creme brulee pedicure.  Everyone is really nice, and shockingly, no pushing of any products!  Yay!  Can't wait to come back again and get more stuff done.
4	I've never ever been to get a massage before because I just never liked the idea of being pandered to and taken care of that way, but The Girl was excited about going while in Vegas so I finally capitulated and agreed to a facial.  [insert sexual joke here]We were staying at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay so it was just downstairs.  We had a 1:30pm appointment.  She had 2.5 hours of treatments lined up while mine was 45 minutes.  The facilities are really nice and conducive to relaxing, which I tried to do.My facialist was named Amber and she was very funny and understanding.  She asked if I had any allergies since this was an organic facial treatment.  She explained each step and was very reassuring.  I actually was able to relax and enjoy the 45 minutes of peace without much thought.The time flew by and it was over before I knew it.  I definitely felt more relaxed and enjoyed the session.  We were allowed to use the facilities the rest of the day, which I only spent about 20 minutes in.  The Girl enjoyed her treatment and smelled of creme brulee (one of my fav desserts) afterwards, which was gravy.All in all, a very good experience for my first one.  Only 4 stars because have nothing to compare it to.
5	I love Russian bathouses and this one does it justice!There is a cold pool, warm pool and hot tub -- the hot tub is huge! There is also a steam room and sauna -- though both could've been a little hotter. They have cold cucumbers for your eyes, they felt so nice. A small waiting room is near the entrance with a television, assorted juices, coffee, tea, nuts and fresh fruit.  The decor is gorgeous and so relaxing -- I would go everyday if I could. My only complaint is that a) it's clothing optional -- only people who should wear their swimsuits don't and b) it's not co-ed, I would loved to have spent time with my fiance.
5	Probably my favorite spa in Vegas, if not one of my Top 10, period.  Why?Because everything isn't coated in requisite GOLD FINISH.  The Bathhouse is a welcomed getaway from all the commotion of Vegas craziness.  The space is modern and clean without being too stark.  There are a variety of spa amenities - cold plunge, jacuzzi, etc., and most of all, plenty of room.  I've had a few spa treatments there - all very good, no problems.  The only problem is, like ALL Vegas spas, it's a little on the pricey-side.
4	I have always been happy with my experiences here.  I love the dark modern decor, the treatment rooms and the massages!  Trust me the decor is secondary, i wouldn't go back unless I had a good deep tissue.I like this better then the Hard Rock, Four Seasons, Venetian or Palms Spa.  Next time in Vegas I am going to try the Wynn, I have heard some wonderful things!
5	am i awake? crap! this is the kind of place that i want to hang out if i only had 10 more hours to live. i'd invite all my friends and foes, family and luvahs. we'd all be in towels and enjoying ourselves in this lucid dream of mine. i've been working in spas for a long time. Bathhouse does not disappoint. $35 for a day pass... which is the general pricing in NYC, too- the experience is out of this world. the interior design is well planned and executed. i was in and out of trance during these 4 hours of rejuvenation and relaxation. i needed to unwind. the cold plunge revived all my senses. all the impurity from my mind washed away. i didn't take advantage of the massages, but my friends did. i was numb in my own world--- i mainly stayed in the baths and eucalyptus steam room (i'm such a fan of steam rooms). i wish Calgon would take me away.... back to Bathhouse.
3	I had my facial rescheduled here from the Spa Mandalay, as the aesthetician called in sick.   In contrast to the Spa Mandalay, the Bathouse has a modern and sleek look, but is small. Much smaller than the Spa Mandalay.  Only 3 showers, 2 hot tubs, a small sauna, I felt a little claustrophobic compared to the grandness of the Spa Mandalay.  The decor is also more cold and uninviting, IMO.I would rate my facial okay. But once I was done with it, I high tailed it back to the Spa Mandalay to relax and enjoy the luxury of its amenities.
5	INCREDIBLE.  I am not ordinarly that picky when it comes to spas.  As long as the spa is clean, and, I leave feeling better than when I arrived, I am pretty much a happy girl.  HOWEVER, this is the most incredible spa I have ever had the pleasure of visiting.  Everything is beautiful, clean, and calming.  The treatments are out of this world.  I have had a massage, facial, manicure, scrub, and pedicure here.  Everything is top notch.  I block out at least four hours to spend relaxing, even if I am only getting one treatment.  I feel so much more calm and relaxed after a visit.  I am a bit on the high strung side, and, I leave this place feeling like I've been brought down about a million notches.  The absolute best spa in Vegas.
5	what a beautiful space. now THIS is what a spa should be like!intriguing decor, professional staff, excellent lounge accommodations, including anything you could ever want on offer in a ladies locker room - toothbrush kits, hair thingies, combs, brushes, individually-wrapped eye makeup remover pads...the list goes on.too bad i almost projectile-vommed all over my aesthetician. note: do not, i repeat, do not chain smoke free cigarettes and dance like there's no tomorrow at forty-deuce (on poles, on stage, or on the floor) for at least 24 prior to your facial.
5	I have been to a number of high end spas, though just once a year, because I don't have money coming out of my ears like Angelina Jolie. Since I can only "afford" the grandiose spas such as Bathhouse once a year, I have very high expectations of the service and accommodations. I was not disappointed by Bathhouse. In fact, I was quite impressed. Other yelpers have noted that Bathhouse is small. This is true. For me, a spa needn't be large to be upscale. In fact, I felt this place was more like a boutique hotel. The staff was very affable, helpful, and attentive. The decor and design are sleek, very clean, and private. (Note: I went on a Monday afternoon.) I had two treatments: the creme brulee pedicure ($110) and the 50 minute facial ($135). The pedicure chairs have individual tvs with earphones so you can watch that if you like. There are 3 pools of differing temperatures, a very nice and clean exercise facility, and a steam room. The lounge area had a tv, magazines, newspapers, a variety of fruit, and drinks.In a nutshell, this place is nicer than the Four Seasons Spa in Maui. And that place was twice as expensive.
5	when i close my eyes and imagine the perfect spa experience i find myself walking around a beautiful, calm space, full of the sounds of running water, decorated with slate, dark wood and and glass. everything seems fresh and clean.  there is a soft robe waiting for me, a locker room with rows and rows of showers, a waiting area with plush couches and a counter of healthy snacks and drinks (plus coffee in case i missed getting some along the way here).  the staff is friendly and subdued.  helpful, but not overly "loud" to disrupt the peace that's settling over me. i love my body scrub, i adore my bath. i'm completely relaxed by my hot-stone massage, and the facial tops it off perfectly.  i continue to be impressed by how flawlessly everything flows into the next.  everyone i come in contact with is helpful, professional, and seems as content to be in the space as i am.in between the series of treatments i receive, i'm escorted back to the waiting area and am allowed to indulge in jacuzzis, steam rooms, hot and cold pools, but i mostly choose to lounge and sip tea. i would and could linger in this space all day, but the only way to share it with others is to leave and tell them about it.when i close my eyes, nobody rushes me. nobody asks anything of me but to enjoy these perfect treatments and this perfect atmosphere. i am pampered, indulged, completely relaxed and blissful.when i open my eyes, i'm at THEbathhouse at mandalay bay.
4	my sister and i each had a 50 minute deep tissue massage here and we both thought it was excellent.  they do use oil during the massage.  i know there are deep tissue massages that dont use oil. i have to admit i was skeptical when i saw my masseuse.  she was skinny with big boobs.  but she didnt not disappoint.we did have a small hiccup at the front though.  we both booked our massages ahead of time.  when we got there to check in my sister decided she wanted to get her nails done too.  by the time we settle in and finish our tour of the place she decides she doesnt want a manicure after all and goes to tell the front desk.  the girl tells her rudely that she shouldve cancelled 3 hours in advance.  and that she would have to charge us a cancellation fee.  we go back to the guy who helped us and he said it wouldnt be a problem cancelling.  so i guess it turned out ok.this place is not as big as spa mandalay but still nice.  has 2 steam rooms.  sauna.  hot pools.  cold pool.  showers.  private baths.  they have a few little details in excess of spa mandalay like hair ties, nail polish remover packets, toothbrushes and toothpaste.  the steam room couldnt really gather enough steam because the door didnt close tightly.  but it was ok since then we could sit in there for longer.  this place is a bit darker then spa mandalay.  since the walls and floors are a darker stone.
5	My Massage Therapist Soul Mate works here!  AMAZING pressure on the deep tissue massages, absolutely no pain, no knots left when you are done.  You walk out without any tension left in your body.  Beware: this makes it hard to walk!A great place to lounge and escape from the world.
4	Hmmm..... not sure why I wasn't as thrilled as many of the others.  The hottub was cold, the shower was lukewarm, and the design of the spa seemed cold compared to the hip they had wandered towards.However I only paid the facility fee of $30, and took my time using the spa floor.  I understand the services are phenomenal.  The design *is* fantastic... there is water everywhere.  When you are not immediately confronted with flowing water, it is obvious through a wall window with thick glass, or in a mirror positioned perfectly.  The staff is kind, and not over the top "hip".  The locker rooms are clothing optional, so my lady was surprised with all the *clothed* women, and guys ... *never* be surprised when the old guys want to get nude and hang out and do the stretchy thing talking politics next to your FACE.  watch it.But a fine place.  I would go back.
4	Hmmm..... not sure why I wasn't as thrilled as many of the others.  The hottub was cold, the shower was lukewarm, and the design of the spa seemed cold compared to the hip they had wandered towards.However I only paid the facility fee of $30, and took my time using the spa floor.  I understand the services are phenomenal.  The design *is* fantastic... there is water everywhere.  When you are not immediately confronted with flowing water, it is obvious through a wall window with thick glass, or in a mirror positioned perfectly.  The staff is kind, and not over the top "hip".  The locker rooms are clothing optional, so my lady was surprised with all the *clothed* women, and guys ... *never* be surprised when the old guys want to get nude and hang out and do the stretchy thing talking politics next to your FACE.  watch it.But a fine place.  I would go back.This also exists on the "Bathhouse" business review.  Same place, double listing.
5	I love the baths!!!!!! I love the scrubs!!!!!! I LOVE THE WHOLE PLACE!!!!!!It's an awesome spa! There's a dry and wet steam room, a mini pool, lounge chairs, clean showers, mini hot tubs, and the best private baths!!!Not to mention they're CLEAN! You know you're getting a new robe and slippers and they have all the nice-itties you need.Plus there's lots of coffee, beverages, fruits and muffins! LOVES IT!
5	Definitely recommend this spa. Had a great hot rock massage here this week. The facilities themselves are amazing. Massive locker room, and phenomenal post-treatment area with steam rooms, saunas, hot tubs, shower walls, private bathtubs, you name it. Plan to hang for a while. Very relaxing - you don't want to leave! Great iced teas, hot teas, cucumber water, all my favorites. Big fan of this spa for sure.And just a note, weirded out by some Yelpers comment that this spa was small. My friend and I were commenting multiple times on how huge it was. Maybe if you're not used to small SF city spas you'd find it small but I certainly didn't! :-)
5	Oh my gooodddddddd I love this place.  This is my kinda spa.
5	An upscale contemporary Spa not to be missed! First of all the Bathhouse is part of the boutique hotel named "The Mandalay Bay Hotel" which is located towards the back of the actual "Manaday Bay" hotel and casino. This fact that its actually part of their boutique hotel is what made us feel like we were part of some exclusive group who got to go here. The entire place feels rather eclectic rather than elegant due to the cool simple decor inside. The lounge area where you waited to be called for your treatment is rather small and had couch type seating so plan to make friends with those near you. Basic water and tea refreshments were offered. I don't remember much in the way of food but then again I think most people come here for the treatments. The hot tub is long and rectangular with a quietly cascading waterfall along a one of the walls. Very relaxing atmosphere no matter where you are in the facility. The steam rooms and showers were exceptionally clean. I did think this spa was small compared to others I have been to but it also seemed more intimate and relaxing because of that. Great spa experience!
5	Wow, This Spa is fantastic. I have been to Spa's all over the world and My Hot Stone massage, by Ashley was a 10. I was there over the weekend, and can't get the massage out of my system. Allow your self a good hour before your service and a good hour after, to really enjoy the serene atmosphere
5	Although our long weekend in Vegas was the gift for my bf's bday, I considered the spa day the actual gift. The Bathhouse decor consisted of mid-century modern designs and accents and based on the pictures I knew he would love it. Every nook and cranny was polish and beautiful. If we had oodles of money, we would love to build this at home. I think I would've lived their if they let me! I had the Yummy Chocolate body scrub which left me with silky skin. I added a Peppermint Scalp maasage and at the end of it, I smelled like my fav drink at Starbucks! My pampered honey was treated with a deep tissue massage and gentlemen's facial. The spa made our trip and I think it would've been better if we only had more time to lounge in all the plunges or pools the facility offered.
1	Overpriced, Unskilled EstheticianLast week my sister, sister-in-law and I decided to treat ourselves to facials and massages at the Bathhouse during a family trip to Las Vegas. I was very happy with the first service, a massage, that I received -- Anthony's technique was superb and I walked out with far fewer knots in my neck than when I arrived!However, the Bathhouse Cleansing Facial is incorrectly named. It should be called the ineffectual lotion-rubbing facial. I paid nearly $200 and had to ask three times before Brooke -- the most inept esthetician I have ever encountered -- would do a single extraction. The whole point of having a cleansing facial done by a professional is to have extractions; I can swirl lotion on my face for 10 minutes myself! I thought maybe I was being overly harsh on the hapless Brooke until later that evening when my sister, sister-in-law and I discussed what we liked/disliked about our afternoon at the Bathhouse. All three of us -- including my sister-in-law, who is an esthetician -- thought the facial by Brooke was the worst we had ever been subjected to. I would strongly recommend going to the Canyon Ranch Spa instead. That's where we all went last time;  each of us regretted spending all of the money that we did at Bathhouse. Believe me, it won't happen again!
5	My husband surprised me with a gift certificate on our recent trip and I immediately booked a 50 minute massage. The spa is gorgous. They have several public tubs (a hot, lukewarm and cold tub), private tubs, wet sauna and dry sauna, a waiting area with fruits and juices (bring a bag ladies and take some back to your room). My massage was great and Anthony my therapist was wonderful. He was professional and my back felt amazing once he was done. Give yourself time to enjoy the amenities. I loved having the hot tub to myself and being able to enjoy it. I did have some issues with the showers but I was out of it and it was probably just me.
5	Awesome!  Pineapple juice and spa, sauna then shower with water flowing from stone ceiling.  No better way to unwind in Vegas, at least from what I've seen so far.
4	Of all the spas I've been to in Las Vegas, this one is my favorite. I love the decor and the amenities.  They have a room that simulates rain, which I thought was pretty cool. They also have a bunch of pools that are different temperatures which is nice for options. On top of that, they served us drinks at the jacuzzi. I think what I liked most about this place is that it wasn't overly crowded.  It's hard to relax at a spa when it's pretty much a circus of people.  Like most spas in Vegas, it's on the expensive side - but not in comparison to some of the other spas in the area.  Also, if you don't get any treatments you can pay a rate to just come in and enjoy the amenities.  Overall, It was a great spa for our girls trip out to Vegas!
5	Secretly, I wish that I could keep word of this place to myself.  It is one of the few places that I can totally relax--and strangely enough, it is in Las Vegas!Large cooling and hot pools, dry and wet steam rooms and skilled massage experts--what else could you ask for?  A true gentlemen's spa.One word of warning, if you want to go here, you must either be staying at TheHotel or pay for an additional treatment (facial, massage, etc.) to be admitted to the spa.  Once you are in, you can stay all day!
4	Great place to relax.  Not as big and super modern as some of the newer spas but very exclusive.  The sauna room is huge and the massages are done just right. Worth checking out. It is not overcrowded and clean. Well, at least for the men's side anyway.
3	My therapist, Jennifer, was awesome. She knows her way around the human body. I highly recommend that you request her. She has awesome thumbs and she is very professional. The massage was top rate and I would go back to see her even if I wasn't staying at Mandalay Bay. The Bathhouse as a whole has some flaws. They decided to trade style for comfort when they built this spa. Which means I don't feel comfortable in the setting. Not that I don't mind the locker room but the waiting room is not conducive to relaxing. The massage waiting area too. The sauna and steam are great. Although, the steam room was very, very hot. The pools (cold/warm) are great too. The showers could be better as the spray is not that strong. The sink area is unusual. The sinks and faucets are chic and don't serve the purpose well. They have plenty of amenities. That is very good. Drinks, nuts and fruits are all offered which is nice too. The supply of towels are abundant but the places that you pick them up, are hidden. Bathrooms are clean. The wait staff is good but not exceptional. I have been here two times and have been to spas many times at different places. I would consider the Caesar's spa as the standard which everyone else is judged and this doesn't make the cut. But Jennifer saves it from 1 or 2 stars. Can't wait to see Jennifer next year.
5	Hands on microdermabrasion body scrub is awesome! Left smooth :)Gonna get a mani pedi and the chai tea tmr, will update then! :)
2	Visited 3 spas over 4th of July weekend and this was the last of the 3 and the least impressive (others were Mandarin and Canyon Ranch).  First, I get there...front desk staff are friendly enough but not one of the 3 people (who weren't busy helping anyone else) lead me back to the locker room area...just pointed in general directions.  Second, get there and an attendant is supposed to greet me (per front desk staffs instructions) but I only found one attendant for the whole locker room who was cleaning and clearly annoyed with having another guest arrive and interrupt her her chores.  Third, got a locker with the usual fare in it but the robe was dirty around the neck and shoulder area.  Got another attendant to get me one  and just as I received it the original attendant wanted to know if I got it from another locker so she could replace it...no apology for a dirty robe in the first place.  AND THEN......tour of the wet area....confusing lay out and would be very easy to wander into the men's area.....BUT THE JACUZZI HAD 2 WOMEN SITTING IN IT BUTTT NEKKKID!!!! EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!! No woman in her right mind would sit on a wet warm toilet at a stadium or an arena....WHY NOW!!!  This is Vegas and a high volume hotel. I asked the attendant if she had disposable swimsuits (like Mandarin) and she SAID NO!!!!!  I don't want water that's been around your crotch on or in my crotch!!! DISGUSTING!!!  So i just stuck with the saunas until my massage...which was okay.  Room is kinda cold and clinical (i'm more of a Zen-like spa kinda girl)He had good technique  but rushed the ending which i guess is standard for most men in Vegas...lol
4	Yup that was me passed out on the chair by the pool!I was in love with this place from the front elevator door.  I love that feeling like I've been transported to a new place as the doors slide open.  I had a great hot stone massage, where I'm about 80% sure I started snoring.  I love the water under the glass steps, that is really just a great touch!  By the time that ended I floated back down to the women's area where I spent an entire day!  I loved the chairs there, but I do wish they were heated.  I enjoyed the hot tub and I like the look of it but I do wish it was bit wider..nothing like looking at a naked stranger whilst relaxing (solved with cucumbers over the eyes...thanks strange naked lady!)I love the private bath tub areas...I mean what a great idea!As I lay there in and out of sleep, the staff there made the best fruit punch (now if only they had put some rum in it!) and the brought it around to all the ladies and refilled my glass as I slept.  They may have even put a blanket on me that part is hazy :-)There are so many great spa's in Vegas...but this one always stands out thanks to the great staff!  If the hot tub was wider I would have given it 5 stars...I have very strict rules on naked stranger time!
5	Aroma massage=amazing. You pick your scent and relax while they apply it in a massage form on your body. The spa itself is to calming and fancy. The place has a hot jacuzzi and a cold one....I mean like can you establish anymore ways on trying to satisfy every customer? Wait you can and they do....free drinks and fruit ( I loved the pineapple & cranberry juice), their steam room wasn't the claustrophobic type and they provide a variety of accessories for you to get ready with.Seriously though the place is beyond beautiful., so classy with the water under the walkway and the stone walls just made the place feel so serene! The staff was friendly, one lady gave me a tour around because I didn't know where to begin, and my masseuse and pedicure lady were both very friendly. Oh yeah while getting your nails done your in your own little cubicle so it feels private as well as you get your own personal TV and headphones, I'm more of a talker so I didn't really watch TV, but I found that to be nice. Pricey, but luckily I got a discount with my hotel package(retailmenot.com) consider me nice enough to share that with you!
2	Terribly disappointing; go to Qua for good service. Borderline surly front desk staff at both check in and out. They seemed annoyed that I wanted to pay for both my and my mom's services with one credit card. And then I found out why--you cant! They had to run my card twice, and then told me that I had to sign for my service in the therapy room, but then to come back out to the front desk to sign for my mom's. Does that make any sense? Oh, and they provided dirty, dirty robes to both me and mom. Great job! And my massage therapist was not friendly, even after she was 11 minutes late for my appointment. No apology, no hello, no banter--just sour. Then she shortchanged me about 3 minutes on my massage. After it was over, she did not take me back to the waiting area, she just pointed down the stairs and said "that's the way back." What a bitch. The only person who was very nice and helpful was an older Asian attendant who really bent over backwards to show us around. Facility wise, very stark, which I generally liked. But I noticed that the grout and stonework was cracking and falling apart. You can hardly tell because almost everything is black (walls, stonework, flooring, etc.), but it is noticeable when you're putting your head and face close to crumbling flecks in the hot tubs. I complained upon leaving and the front desk staff went from pseudo friendly to cold. Granted, I was offered free facility passes and to speak to the manager, but I declined. I have no intention of coming back here when there is reliable Qua.
4	For some reason, this is the first spa experience I've had in Vegas.  The waterfalls and lighting and decor are simple and clean.  Slate-colored walls, water trickling, and best of all peace and quiet.We came on a Monday, so there was hardly anyone there.  The four hours I was there, I saw about 8 women.  $25 for entrance which gets you access to their gym which is pretty impressive with cardio machines that have individual screens and weights.  They do provide tennis shoes and towels just in case you forgot yours.At first it was kind of weird, because it was so quiet, but I wouldn't have it any other way.  You check in the front where you're assigned a locker where they provide you with a robe and slippers.  Someone comes back and shows you around.It's quite a bit smaller than I thought it would have been, but still with all the amenities.  They had a sauna, two steam rooms, a cold, warm, and hot jacuzzi with chairs and magazines, cucumbers to put over your eyes, and cold towels with 4 private bath areas.  Also separating the locker room and the spa was a waiting room complete with apples, bananas, coffee, teas, juice, and cucumber and citrus water.The only thing I would have changed was the private bath areas weren't clean and I wasn't even sure if I was allowed to use them, but that would have been nice.The locker room is also equipped with almost everything you would need.  They even provide a straightening iron upon request!The entire time I was there, attendants were walking around making sure the cleanliness of the spa was maintained and almost all of them asked me how everything was and if I needed more water or juice!  Now that's service!Maybe when I hit the lottery I can manage to part with the $180 it costs to get a 50 minute treatment!
2	This was the second spa that I visited in Las Vegas this week and probably the fourth or fifth that I've visited in town ever, so keep in mind that I'm comparing the place against all of those other spas.I came to Bathhouse for a massage which did not disappoint.  Tony was my therapist and he gave my back the good working-over that I desperately needed.  He even gave me a few extra minutes at no extra charge, which was very nice of him.As for the spa area, it's labyrinthine, for one thing, and the spaces are so narrow in some areas that you find yourself edging past other people--not a terribly comfortable position to be in when you're both naked.  The steam room is tiny and terribly overheated; the sauna was also tiny but way too cool.In terms of beverages, there really aren't any other than water and... water (with citrus slices), though I will give the place props for putting out bananas--a great idea to grab one of those if you've done a lot of sweating.There are also very few places to grab towels, and even fewer places to toss them once you've used them.  If you're an experienced spa-goer, you know that an ample supply of towels is vital.My biggest complaint, though, is probably the strangest-sounding.  There is a horrendous lack of hooks on the wall for robes, so you end up having to drape robes and towels on any available surface or railing--and of these, there are few.  At one point I ended up having to toss my robe on the floor when I got into the whirlpool, just because there wasn't anyplace else to put it.  Less than desirable.I probably won't be returning to Bathhouse, but I do give Tony props for a good massage.
5	Beautiful decor. Very relaxing. Nice workout facility.Mutiple baths, sauna, steam rooms.A true escape.I've never received a service at the spa, but I'll continuously pay the price to use the facilities whenever I visit Vegas. worth.every.penny.
5	This has got to be THE BEST spa!It is so beautiful the moment you walk in.  It is located inside THEhotel, a boutique hotel and part of Mandalay Bay. The colors (basic and clean) and sounds of the waterfalls are so relaxing. There are 12 shower stalls which are humongous and have different scented shower gel/shampoo/conditioner sets.  I love the grapefruit one!  There's also a coconut one that is pretty nice too.  After taking a shower, I like to leave conditioner in my hair and jump in the sauna to get a deep condition.  :)I love going in the heated pools, there are 3 of them.  Yay!  :)Most of the times we go, we end up taking naps on the very comfy spa lounge chairs next to the pools.  So cuddly!!After the day of pampering, we hang out in the lounge area and have our teas and fresh fruits.  What a way to spend the day relaxing!!!
5	my oh my! i could not ask for more! ive been to ritz carlton,  to korean spa, to mandara etc but i really love this place!  the bathhouse is so nice! i requested to combine two different minerals..the mud bath is great..worth everything!
5	Oh Thebathhouse at THEhotel, I goddam love you.From the second you get off the elevator and walk in, you feel SO relaxed. Unlike the spa at Mandalay Bay, and most other spas for that matter, Thebathhouse is beautifully decorated in grays and slates. Something about the darker quieter colors make the experience so much more relaxing. This spa is a lot smaller than the one at Mandalay Bay (I think it might be half the size) but its got everything the avid spa enthusiast needs: 3 pools with varying temps, multiple saunas (both electric and steam), treatment rooms, a full salon, and an amazing waterfall that I love to take a nap next to with a chilled cucumbers and a cold towel over my eyes. Sublime!I also like to take extra long showers, using up all the fancy lotions and potions they have in those giant bottles. Try leaving the conditioner in your hair, and go relax in one of the saunas for a deep condition before rinsing it out. The vanity area has so many different amenities that you don't have to bring anything with you. On top of the expected high end lotions and potions, they have hair ties, cotton swabs, brushes, hair dryers, flat irons, curling irons, and also some very nice hair products, as well as razors and shaving cream. I literally only brought my iPhone and chapstick.Some people have written reviews complaining that this spa doesn't give you enough food in the quiet lounge. I don't understand what the big deal is, did they come to a spa expecting a brunch buffet? All you really need is iced water, bananas, and some of that pineapple juice cocktail they make geez.If you book one of their treatments, you get a free day pass which allows you to come in and out until they close at 8:00pm, otherwise a day pass costs only $25 and gives you access to all the spa amenities (a 3-day pass only costs $65!). Also, this place never gets crowded. But if you really want to feel like you have the place to yourself, try coming before 10am, or after 4pm.Thebathhouse at THEhotel has me hooked. I don't think I can ever go to another spa again.
4	love the decor! it's clean, chic, and modern! and BEAUTIFULLY decorated! There are a total of three pools. one long, large pool in the center of the facility that has warm waterthen there are two small pools (luke warm and icy cold)there are two steam rooms and one dry room. my only complaint is, i wished the dry room was hotter!they have many private baths! because i went during the weekday, i was the ONLY one there! it was soooo nice to have the whole facility to myself! :)The staff was super friendly and even gave us a tour around the place before we began using all their wonderful amentities.they offer complimentary water, pineapple/cranberry juice, tea, coffee, apples, bananas!
5	Relaxation Heaven! I came here on Christmas day in desperate need of a massage and some spa time. I felt completely pampered, relaxed, and taken care of. Despite the holiday, I was able to book a massage on short notice and was very impressed with my hot stone massage. Afterwards, I hit the bath house to soak and enjoy. The decor is dark and seductive, which is a nice change to most spas that go with the light clean look. Lots of dark smooth suede, plush pillows, and sensual lighting. The bathhouse included a steam room, a sauna, cool and hot tubs of varying temperatures with chairs to lounge on. Beverages and light snacks were also available. The shower room was also luxurious and had all the amenities for someone like me who forgot a comb, razor, and lotion. I was surprised that all the women wore bathing suits - I have been to other bathhouses where people bathe European style. I couldn't tell if swim suits were required but the experience was very pleasant, nonetheless.
2	I really wanted to like Thebathhouse... I felt like I should have liked Thebathhouse... But I didn't.  For me, the small size seemed rather claustrophobic, and the dark colors did not help.  I was not given a tour upon arrival, so I felt as though I was wandering around aimlessly down one narrow hallway then another.  There was nowhere to hang my robe, which is a bit of a pet peeve.The workout area was well equipped, but the lighting was very strange- almost a pinkish hue, so it was a bit disconcerting. With all of the other spa options in Las Vegas, I think I'll choose another.
5	I absolutely love this spa!  I had a day to myself and wanted to be pampered and that is what I got here.  This is a smaller spa and I could see this place being crowded on the weekend so I would recommend enjoying it on a weekday like I did.  I love the look and feel of the place, very calming, quiet and luxurious.  I absolutely love the main hot tub, huge and super relaxing.  I also enjoyed the steam room.  The sauna was just ok, since it was electric, I'm used to the type you spray water on.  I indulged and did the custom therapy package, 50 min massage, 50 min facial.  It is the most reasonable package for such a nice place on the strip, other places were double the price.  The massage was very relaxing, I typically get a deep tissue but this was a Swedish and made me so relaxed I feel asleep.  The facial was also very good, she did a lot of extractions and I left the place glowing.  I also followed some of the recommendations made by others like getting there an hour early to enjoy all the amenities and leaving the conditioner on while in the steam room and sauna to get an extra deep conditioning.  The staff here is super nice and helpful.  I could not figure out how to use the fancy shower and had to ask for  help.  They also offer anything you may have forgotten, razors, lotion, hairspray, blow dryer etc.  The robes are plush, there are nice towels available everywhere for your use.  The locker is nice too, it has many compartments and hanging hooks to keep your stuff nice and neat.  Definitely bring a swimsuit if you are not comfortable going in the buff.  I thought I would be the outcast wearing one but all but one person had one on.The waiting area also had a few cold drinks, tea, coffee and fruit.  I would absolutely come back here again, I really enjoyed my 'day off' from motherhood, work and wife duties.  This is a must do whenever you are in town.
5	What a beautiful way to spend a morning. If you are soothed by water, and modern aesthetics this is the place for you. The quiet of the spa is only broken by the sounds of rushing swirling watering the pool and falling water in the rain showers and it is ever so relaxing. The spa is small and I intimate and since I went in the early morning 2 hours before my treatments, it felt lie it was my own private spa. It has all of the amenities and the staff were very accommodating and friendly.  If you book to get a pedicure, be sure to ask for Angel. She will make your dayA must for a little piece of heaven on the Vegas strip..
4	I am now a huge fan of this place!Everyone is so friendly here. Everything is calm best massage I have EVER had!Everyone should come here, and feel this type of peace!
4	THEbathhouse spa located in The Hotel is an amazing place for relaxation, soaking, and the obligatory massage.  I was impressed with the overall layout of the place with  separate male and female spa areas.  There were two hot jacuzzi pools and steam room inside.  I was given a tour by the friendly attendants who made sure I had everything I needed.  I agree with another reviewer who stated that there are not enough places to hang your towel or bathrobe while you are using the facilities.My massage was good.  The massage table was very comfortable and Christie my therapist did a nice job.  I liked how she took her time with slow and firm strokes during the massage.  The massage was pricey at $150 for only 50 minutes.  But do not forget this is Vegas baby!
4	I spent about three hours here with nothing to distract me...it was heaven.  You walk in past dimly lit waterfalls and pools filled with rocks to enter the cave-like spa.  They have the dipping pools (cold, warm, and hot) and a steam room and sauna (which are teeeeny!) luckily there were only like 2 other people inside when I went, otherwise I could see this place getting really crowded.When it was time for my brown sugar manicure, I headed upstairs to see Angel who was a sweetheart :) However, the atmosphere of the salon is much less impressive than the spa area...kind of like a get in, get it done, and get out vibe.  With a 100 spa credit from the hotel, I was happy with my manicure, but otherwise 65 dollars to get my hands rubbed with sugar and my nails polished would be a bit much.But heyyy it's Vegas! Relax for a bit then head to Morea if you're staying in Mandalay bay...gotta love the "european" day pool concept ;)
4	Spent 2 days at this spa. Day one included a 50 min massage with Tony and a 50 min facial with George. Best of each I have ever had!  I'm a massage envy member so I have had a lot of massages by many different people. The facilities are serene, dark, quiet, zen like feel. For those who get clostrophobic, a full day may be a little much.  I enjoyed relaxing by the hot tubs reading magazines, in and out of steam room, hot tubs, shower. Even though it's clothing optional, I didn't see anyone without a bathing suit.  The attendants were very nice and helpful.  My husband was on the men's side and when I needed to communicate with him they would send a male attendant to to deliver my message.  I highly recommend it!
3	I love going to spa.... and have been to a lot of them  thought out the years.  Staying at the THEhotel so decided to to try out Thebathhouse.  I was looking in my room trying to find the spa menu...there was none.  Luckily I had my computer with me, I was able to look for it on line.  When I asked the concierge about it.  They said that it was one of thing they cut back on when the Hotel went "GREEN"... I think it's stupid.  It makes it inconvenience for the guest who is trying to find out about the services.  When called to make a reservation.... it took the call to reservation center where they can't answer any questions at all about the product or services.  Asked reservation to connect me to the front desk of the spa.  They would not so I was put on hold 3 times while they were trying to get me an answer.  After all that the answer that I was give was wrong.After making some noise I was connected to the front desk of the spa.  Don't understand why they couldn't just connect me in the first place.  Once I got there for my appt the place seem nice.  I booked the men package...which was a facial and a massage.  Had  a tour by a nice attendant.  So decided to take a dip in the jacuzzi before the treatments.  That was wonderful.  Got the facial it was ok, it seems rushed.  But the saving grace was was the massage.   I had Tony as the therapist strong hands and really listen to your body.  He went over the time by 15 mins.  no additional charge.  HE was AMAZIIING...  after a wonderful massage i went into the eucalyptus steam room, then another dip in the hot tub.  I would go back but will call them directly to book here's the direct number 702-632-9172
3	I came because i had about 2 hours to kill bc my room wasn't ready and my nails were horrible. They said there was an opening and here i was. I can't remember the woman's name that did my mani (i'll have to look at my check-in) but she was so nice and meticulous.I had a cast on my left arm that kind of hindered a left hand manicure so I said lets just do the right. The left was pink sparkle base with pink tips (I was going through a brief pink phase, kinda crazy but i was hit by a car so I guess that happens).So i said lets do the opposite on the right hand, like an inverted mani reflection of the left. A blue sparkle base with blue crescent moon (opposite of tips when u get the little white moon "tipped" instead).It came out so well and  she gave me an extra long hand massage since i only had one that was working. i would definitely go back for a manicure because they use great products, including Deborah Lippmann colors and Gelish gel lacquer (the best).The only thing i didn't like was the design, surprisingly. It was so modern, dark and cold. For a spa it didn't feel as warm, inviting and relaxing as I would like it to feel.
5	I was home on R&R from Afghanistan and my wife got me a massage and it was done be Stephanie. Very professional and I was beyond relaxed. I will be going again after I get back again. And I am getting my wife one too.. Very classy place
5	Funny, I had a photo of this place pinned to my wall on Pinterest for a while, and didn't even know when I made the reservation that this is where I was going. Stephanie gave me a great massage, and the mix of luxury and moren sparseness in the bathhouse itself was phenomenal. I stayed for hours. Why anyone gambles when this place is there is beyond my understanding. I could just move in.
5	This is the most fabulous place ever!  I love how the men and women sections are disconnected. For the woman who complain about naked women running around you obviously don't know what a Bathhouse is. I found it odd when I saw women in bikinis, I thought they looked silly. Having a pair of bottoms on or not is not going to affect the bacteria level in the pools. You should shower before you enter a spa! Duh! I would be more worried about the fact its hot and people sweat.Anyways, if you have a hangover use the steam room, drink their juice, have a mud bath, and eat a bananna! You will be cured. I went for three days in a row during my 30th birthday weekend. You feel like you are in a cave with water coming from the ceiling. Locals get a discount!
4	While there on a long weekend, my wife and I decided on a spa experience.  THEBathouse spa, located in THE Hotel is a slightly different experience from other spas. If you are looking for the bright and open experience, this is not your place. However, if you enjoy the contrast between dark and light -  dark stone walls, bright overhead light in areas, small water pools with pebbles and with glass partitions - then this is your place. Me, I love it.  My visit started with a 90 minute workout in their well equiped gym. If you are recieving a treatement, the Gym is free. If not, then it is $20 per day. As expected, they have plenty of machines and weights. The lighting was a bit subdued which is odd for a gym. Being Vegas, and that I was working out at 4pm, a few other guests wandered in, having just woken up from the night before party, and were trying to get right for a party that evening. After the gym, I retired to the spa and showered off in one of the three showers.  Then it was time for the triology of steam room - cold plunge pool - hot tub finisher.  I have always loved this part. The steam room was a bit small, or felt that way with four other dudes in attendance.  However, they have the right amount of steam going, which is the  most important part. Next is the cold plunge pool, which is a great next step. Finally the warmer hot tub. Run this cycle a few times and you will feel truly refreshed.After this, you can lounge on one of the recliners to take a nap, or relax on the couch and watch some television before your treatement. The treatement rooms are upstairs, via a glass staircase that, when combined with the dark walls, and reflective lighting, casts some great visuals.   My treatement was a simple massage and my therapist, Cassandra,  was excellent. Great technique and patience around my sore back. Would recommend her highly. Overall it was a very nice, sophisticated spa experience, and the next time I return to Vegas, I will certainly consider going back.
4	If you are looking to splurge a bit for spa day, I would recommend checking out THEbathhouse.  The decor is very muted with cool colors and a lot of darks and grays.  The spa is a little smaller than I expected, but it worked well.  The staff was extremely nice.  The layout of the spa can be a little confusing, so I had the spa attendant show me around.  The spa includes:-eucalyptus steam room-sauna-heated whirlpool (the water was lukewarm though)-cold plunge pool-a lounge stocked with fruits, juices, and waters-a pool and gymI got the custom bathing experience package, which included a custom 25 minute stress-relieving bath and a 50 minute massage.  I read online that I was supposed to get a 25 minute scrub too, which I thought I was getting...but since I added the detoxifying acupoint and paraffin hand treatment, I didn't.  The massage was excellent and the masseuse applied the perfect amount of pressure.  Probably the best massage I have ever gotten!  The bath was okay, I wish I had gotten the scrub instead, since I already spent a good portion of the day in the whirlpool.  My total for that package was $235.  My boyfriend got the Gentleman's Package which included a 50 minute massage and a 50 minute facial.  He enjoyed both as well.  His total was $250.   Overall a relaxing experience!
4	This place is absolutely fantastic! My sister and I love coming here. Every year we go on a sisters only trip and this is one of our favorite places to go. It's very calming and relaxing. A lot of people have complained that it's "cold and uninviting" but I actually think it's the complete opposite. All of Vegas is loud and in your face but this place is subtle and a nice break from the noisy strip. The massages were wonderful and tranquil. The Spa itself is very clean and easy to navigate. The three different "pools" are great! Since THEhotel doesn't have it's own pool my sister and I actually went down to the spa on a couple of days to relax and cool off. The Mandalay Bay pool was too crowded but this was the perfect alternative. On the downside you do have to pay to get into the Spa (I think it's around twenty dollars) everyday but for my sister and I, it was well worth it. The salon upstairs is lovely as well. I highly recommend (if getting your nails done) Angel and Erika. I swore to them on my first visit almost three years ago I would mention them in my yelp review and I'm just now getting to it. They are both fabulous and I highly recommend either one of them. They do excellent work and are two of the nicest people I have ever met! Personally, I think the spa is reasonably priced for it's location and what you are receiving. Also I love the seperate areas for men and women! Very nice. And to those complaining about "nekid" women. It is in fact a spa. People might be naked. It's nothing you haven't seen before. Calm down. Enjoy the calming music and waterfall and relax. Naked women aren't going to hurt you. My next trip is coming up in a couple months, and I can't wait to go again!
5	This is my favorite spa in Las Vegas. I enjoy the fact that women and men are separated. I feel completely at ease and relaxed. After a long week I try to come here as often as I can to rejuvenate myself. Facial and mudd bath are a must! Amazing! I get a body mask and a hair mask and wear it for half an hour in the steam room and I feel like a new woman every time I leave this place. I will always come back here for my spa treatments, love it!
4	Great smaller spa! I didn't have anything done, I just went in to relax. I pretty much had the entire place to myself, which was nice. It was clean, the fruits were fresh, great place to spend a few hours!
4	I love the darker colors of The Bathhouse. The water with the greys is very relaxing.  I spent three hours here but it still wasn't enough.  I would have loved to stay all day.  I started with an early morning appointment and there were no other guests.  It was great to have such privacy.  I started with the exfoliating mud wrap body treatment.  My skin was exfoliated first and then I was wrapped and the chair was adjusted to cocoon me into a cozy position.  While in the wrap I was given a scalp massage with oil.  My therapist wrapped my hair up in to a shower cap to allow my hair the time for the oil to absorb.  I showered and then washed off.  After the therapist applied a lotion to my skin.From there I went to get a pedicure.  The spa has OPI and one other brand of polish.  The chairs are comfortable.  They give a light massage.  While getting my pedicure I watched tv.  Each chair has their own tv and head phones.  I happened to luck out.  I was the only person in the nail salon as well.  I like this spa and if I stay at The Hotel again I will definitely come back.
1	Locals beware, if you want to use the sauna and steam room, you must be a hotel guest or purchase a treatment. On the website, this is not specified. To make things worse, the staff was not accommodating. Save yourself a trip if you just want day access to the sauna/steam.
1	I loved the atmosphere, but that was about it. It was small, the water was luke warm, the sauna was too cool, the steam room was too hot and the attendants were not helpful. The front desk ladies were kind and informative. there was suppose to be an attendant to give us a tour we waited and went ahead with out them.  No towels for large chested women so good luck with that. just let your girls run free!For a refreshment there was coffee, tea, juice and water. Lord help you if your blood sugar drops. I booked a private bath. the attendant was nice but kept checking on me too much. I received an apple with the bath so i guess you get a small snack if you spend 150 bucks on a bath. the spa water ate away my new swim top so i had to go around naked. I tried to prevent further damage and use their machine that wrings out excess water. It says to use it to prevent chlorine damage. i did and it tore my bathing suit top beyond repair. When we tried to speak to a manager it went no where. Rachel, who we had to ask her name, had little to say, When i told her that my suit was being destroyed by the water and i only had it in there a few minutes she stated, " Well i wouldn't know about that i don't swim here."  WOW! I told her they need to have a sign up waring against using bathing suits with under-wires if that is the cause for the problem.  She never apologized, she told me i could speak with security. She said i could file a lost or damaged property report. I did. Compensation was not my goal. My top was expensive but the problem is that it is hard to find one that fits right in the first place. I just didn't want this happening to someone else. I haven't heard anything back from them at all so i am sure the incident will go unnoticed. I was so disappointed with the whole experience. I wish we would have gone to another spa, one that actually cares about good customer service. from beginning to end it was just not relaxing. I don't want to have a good time in spite of the spa, and i definitely don't want to leave feeling ripped off and damaged. NEVER AGAIN!
5	This place is amazing! I was in Vegas this past week and was looking for a really pampering spa experience for me and a family member. I booked a package that included a bath, full body scrub, and massage for both of us and was blown away with the quality of service, ingredients, and professionalism. Not to mention this place is insanely gorgeous, very dark and minimalist, and a very soothing atmosphere. I had Justin as my massage therapist, and was so impressed by his massage skills. He is definitely a top notch therapist. The price was very reasonable for the services included, and the quality of lotions and stuff they use is very good. When we got there, we were greeted by friendly staff, provided with free juice, drinks, fruit, and tea/coffee service. You get to relax in a warm pool, although our treatments were ready so we didn't have much time for that. Instead, we got a private bath and what a treat that was! The scrub was invigorating and the massage, of course, was heavenly. The place was stocked with good quality lotions, shampoo, and conditioners, etc. Overall, we both had a wonderful experience and I will absolutely be back at this place the next time I am in Vegas. Well worth every penny I spent, and it truly made my vacation a whole lot better! I have already recommended THEbathouse to all my friends and family and recommend it to fellow Yelpers too.
4	This place is lovely. It's beautifully decorated. Very simple, dark, restful. Perfect spa atmosphere. I loved the hot tub. It was deep and big enough to swim in. The sound of water trickling everywhere. Nice area to get ready with curling and straighteners and blow dryers at your request. Very helpful and friendly service. I had the signature ritual which included a scrub, a wrap and a long massage done by Tony which was incredible. Tony is the best massage therapist I've experienced ever. He was very professional and very talented. Just amazing.
4	THEbathouse is one of my favorite spas. We try and come every time we are in Vegas. It is so relaxing.  I love all the water. There is water everywhere. Plus, it always feels like I'm the only one there. It's very quiet and not very busy. I'm only giving them four stars though because the actual treatments are not the best I've ever had. The facility makes up for that though.
1	I hated my experience here! Normally, I would go to Qua at Ceasars but since we were staying at TheHotel, thought I'd give it a try. Had a TheHotel facial with Jennifer. She was not gentle at all. A few times I actually said "ouch" but she just ignored me. When she did the extractions, I literally felt she was gauging me with a knife. It was that painful. Hate this place. Spa itself is dark and gloomy. Felt like being in a cave! For $150 facial, just skip it. I'd rather pay $200 at Qua.  To this day, a week later , my face is still breaking out. It's so crazy.  I take very good care of my face and have never had problems with my skin after a high end facial. Hey, Bathhouse: dump the yogurt exfoliator ; it burns and stings!! No wonder your spa is empty on a holiday weekend! Just horrible.
1	Steam room is not working, when I make reservation no spa staff notice me their steam room is not working, even the spa staff walk me a tour, he shows me the steam room and he didn't mention it's not working. When I paid full price for a massage and spa and want to relax in the steam room, it's not working!! I am very disappointed, this is how the award wining spa service? I hope this review will bring top management attention. I have stay at the hotel Mandalay bay for 4 nights, everything is fine for the hotel but Spa!!!
3	Came here in December 2013 with my sister; we each got the "Custom Bathing Experience." For anyone considering this spa package...may I kindly suggest to NOT select it and opt for something else, unless the thought of paying to take a steaming hot bubble bath in a dark closet sounds like a good portion of the experience, haha! The rest of the package is fine (scrub and massage) so I'd suggest just getting those two services instead.We really wanted to love this spa...we had such high hopes! It was our last day in Vegas and so we wanted to relax and spend the day doing nothing. Sadly, once we arrived to check in (we came early to use the amenities before our scheduled services), we were told that the steamroom and tubs were under renovation - what!! I really wish they had contacted us in advance to let us know. I had made the reservation only a week or two before so I feel like I should have either been warned of this, or, given that they have my contact information, I would have appreciated a heads up. We were told that we could use the facilities at Spa Mandalay instead and then return to THEbathhouse for our services. Since we were already there, we figured we might as well go check out Spa Mandalay. The great part of this story is that Spa Mandalay is fantastic...its older and the design isn't as modern, but the eucalyptus steam room, pools, hot tubs, etc. are awesome! Would have been a relaxing day if it wasn't for the fact that we had to get dressed again to trek back to the other side of the property to THEbathhouse. Tear.So we are back at THEbathhouse and more disappointment - the tub soak I had selected wasn't available. Yes, it's not the end of the world but I guess my point is: why couldn't they tell me this in advance? These soaks come in bottles and are just poured into the running water when filling the tub...so it's not like they are making them from scratch (mixing herbs, hauling mud...) - either they had product in stock or not. But at that point, I just pick another and move on. Luckily, our "bath attendant" was superrr nice and so were our massage therapists. Really great service and again, the service provided by the other lady who took care of our baths was fantastic - she made sure we always had cold beverages and made us feel comfortable during the rest of the day.Someone here mentioned that it feels like a cave...it is darker than other "zen" style spas but I actually liked it - it's modern and the design uses a lot of stone. Facilities were clean and products were great.
4	My wife and I recently went here and there was pros and cons. First the cons:When you book you deal with the Mandalay Bay concierge and not the bathhouse itself. The problem with that is that there is a lack of communication between the two. In our case, I booked a mud bath for my wife and we were excited about it. But one we got at the bathhouse they told us that the mud baths have been out of service for two months. They even admitted that there is a lack of communication between the two. But two months? Really? So in effect, people really don't know if what they book will be there after all, it's very poor. On top of that, they didn't want to refund our money but told us to choose another bath which we didn't want. After I got mad and asked to speak with a manager then they changed their tune. To give them credit they gave me a free day spa pass so I could use the men's facilities until my wife was done with her other treatments.  Now the pros :My wife loved the body treatment, massage and facial scrub they gave her. And she did look amazing and fresh when she was done. As for me, the men's facility was nice. The electric sauna, steamed room and hot and cold jacuzzis were worth the hassle since I got them for free. I would even pay to use them next time. The nice thing about them, is that when you are done, they have nice showers with new loofahs you can use along with new razors to shave with gel, deo, and and hair gel. In short the facilities are nice and intimate with a nice design that relaxes you.FYI, the men's and woman's facilities are separated, not co ed, which I liked because I don't want people looking at my wife, lol.In short the facilities and treatments are worth it and this place is slightly cheaper than the other places which is why I still give them 4 stars.
3	So basically this is an average spa experience. I had the men's facial. It was average. Not bad, but not amazing either. The extractions hurt, but no scars or anything.The men's spa was quite nice. Large showers, cool locker rooms, complementary beverages and water (purified not spring). There were multiple lounging pools including a hot, medium and cold ones. Feeling like sweating? They have a sauna and insane (good insane) steam room. It was worth the daily fee. I liked that it's near the pool too. There was a nice workout area which was always empty but I never actually used it.Staff seem immature but kind.I will return when staying at the Mandalay Bay.
5	What a happy accident. I usually go to the Spa at Mandalay Bay when I am in Vegas. This time I was staying elsewhere and I called to make a massage appointment. When I showed up, I checked in at Mandalay Bay and was told that I was at THEbathhouse was where I was checked in. I was kind of bummed out because I really like the spa at Mandalay Bay and was pissed I booked the wrong place... and then... I arrived!!!First of all, since it was a beautiful day outside, the spa was relatively empty. I loved the decor.. the dark wood, sleek interior. The jacuzzi is more like a lap pool. The lounge chairs are around this area so you can relax afterwards. There are other areas for steam, cool plunge and smaller pools are kind of in a different area. The layout is very sleek and mazey feeling. The massage was good. Very relaxing. It really was just a relaxing environment in the spa itself. Maybe because there were so few people there. I got there around 2pm and stayed until 7pm. I got my moneys worth for sure!
5	Went here as an early birthday present for the BFF during our vacation.  We did the customized bathing package.  Choice of bath, sugar scrub and a massage.  It was wonderful.  Loved the sugar scrub they use (Lalicious Sugar Kiss) The mud bath was wonderful and relaxing and Tony did a wonderful job on my massage.The BFF had a wonderful time as well.  The only con was that they are doing construction at the hotel and during the massage/scrub, the sound of drilling interrupted the peaceful calm quite a few times.
4	I am a local here so I have been to their other spa at Mandalay bay. So this review will have some comparisons to it. I was not impressed with the ladies in the front. They had more attitude than I would have liked. I felt like I bothered their day. I like the ladies at the Mandalay bay hotel more. I love how dark it was. The other spa they have was tropical and bright, so I preferred this more. The lady who gave me my massage went really light when I wanted more pressure. That was a downsized, but I love how sweet she was. The staff inside was awesome and I have no complaints there. The one thing that I would caution if you wanted to come here is that they have one large hot tub that only had about 8 chairs max in there. That was the only place with chairs which was a bummer cause I wanted to hang out by the cool pool more. Everything is sectioned off and the space is all divided. I was not used to that because at the other place it is all open and spacious. It took some time to get used to it but I like it. The had a rain like affect to it which was amazing laying by.Overall I thought this was the better one. I would come here again over their Mandalay bay spa. It is a totally different vibe so if you are looking for dark and secluded, then I would go here. If you want to have a bright and open area, I would go to their other spa.
4	This spa is the best.  I like that the lockers use a pin number that you make up.  I never liked carrying a key around while you use the spa. I used the steam room and hot tub.  The shower was also great.   The lady that works in the spa is so sweet, her name is Junko and she was very helpful in getting us what we needed. Tea, coffee, water with cucumber, pretzel, and fruit are provided. I wished they had a better magazine selection though.I will definitely come back here if I stay at Delano.
