4	I noticed this place while I was walking in to CVS.  Not bad at all.  Well organized and not a bunch of junk. I always read on Pinterest about amazing thrift store finds and turning something old and used into something chic and one of a kind.  This might be one of those spots!
1	This is a goodwill store!!! Just another way to hide their name and sell items at over new store prices at as-is. Don't be fooled by the name Deja Blue Boutique it's just another shameless goodwill just like the one on Hawthorne street in Portland, or.
4	You can find some awesome deals here on designer clothes--especially jeans. They are organized pretty well but be prepared to dig a little bit. You can find new or like new true religion jeans for $20.
3	I came here during the grand opening. They had some nice furnishings, but most certainly buyer beware on the clothing. I wear a lot of designer clothing and can spot fakes pretty easily... and without a shadow of a doubt most of the things I looked at were unquestionably fake.
3	as another reviewer notes this is a rebranded goodwill store with a little more consistency as it relates to quality of merchandise...worth a stop but will be hit or miss like all thrift stores.
1	The prices are the same as Ross.  For example, a brand name dress that sells at Ross for $16.99 (new) was priced at $19.99 (used) at Deja Blue.  Ann Taylor/Loft clothing on clearance sells for $14.99 to $24.99 (new), at Deja Blue they sell for the same price (used).  The staff is nice and helpful, the place is just overpriced.
5	This is a branch of Goodwill...I think to showcase nicer or higher end merchandise. I'm not sure exactly how long it has been open, but it is pretty new, very clean, & my new favorite place.It is located near the Albertsons shopping area by the 215 on Charleston. Easy to find. Lots of parking.Compared to Savers, this store is pretty small, but definitely worth exploring!! They do tag special days like regular Goodwill stores, too.
3	This has to be the most well merchandised Goodwill on earth.  I actually stopped in because I was driving by and saw it and thought I would investigate.  It took a  while to know it was Goodwill.  Great idea for fundraising!  Make it look great, get a super spot in high income area, and jack up the prices!  Yes.. the merchandise was generally much better than the average Goodwill but like the regular donation driven stores.. it's hit and miss.  worthy cause so why not stop in?
