5	It is nice to see that in this era of mega-supermarkets and internet shopping, there is still a local flower shop that does things properly.  I have been going to Oliver Flower Shop ever since I've lived in Squirrel Hill.The people at Oliver have been working there for years and all know what they are doing.  They can make floral arrangements for most any occasion.  They even offer gourmet baskets, Starbucks baskets, get well baskets, and, well they offer a comprehensive array of services and occasions.  They even offer "plush" gift baskets too.The offer baskets and arrangements for any occasion and price range.  I recently ordered a "Burt's Bees" spa package for a co-worker, and all the office chipped in for this.  They also have items a-la-carte.  I stopped in on impulse on Saturday to get my husband a couple of "get-well" balloons and a musical card.  He only had a mild flu and it was an impulse buy.  But, hey, I'm in love with my hubby and I knew that this would cheer him up.
5	Still Pittsburgh's best locally owned flower shop.  I stopped in here today to get a little something for the house.  I bought a very nice Make a Wish bouquet, just to brighten things up a little bit.
5	A great place to get flowers. It was my wife's birthday and I wanted to get her some really nice roses. I didn't want to get her the cheap $5 roses that the downtown street vendors sell that die before you get them home and in water. I decided to give Oliver Flower Shop a try and I'm glad I did! I walked in and looked at all of the beautiful roses in the cooler and said to myself "Now this is more like it!" I was quickly greeted and asked for a dozen long stem roses. I picked six cream and six purple roses, (my wife's two favorite colors.) FTW! The shop owner arranged and wrapped them up beautifully. But here's the shocker, when I went to pay and asked how much I owed he said $10.95! These roses are absolutely beautiful and I would have paid at least $20 or even $30 for them! He said that they have a sign outside that says a dozen roses for $10.95. I totally missed the sign. I guess my wife is right. She's always telling me I need glasses. So I paid my $11.72 with tax and in 5 minutes I was on my way. F.Y.I. The roses are still alive as I type this.
2	To be fair their in store roses at the Downtown location are lush and they have a great selection from long stemmed red, white rose, pink roses peach and everything in between.  The florists are always very helpful and sweet. That is where the honeymoon ends.  I have been the delivered two bouquets.  Each time they have been prepared with flowers that were already starting to brown around the edges That includes browning roses and lilies. I find this to beyond upsetting. Flowers are given as a gift and should be prefect. Or they should have the decency to sub out a drying flower from something fresher. If you would be going to purchase flowers from this store, my suggestion would be just to go straight in and have them prepare your arrangement while you wait. Otherwise you could be getting something that you really don't like. Also just this past Friday as a team my coworkers and I choose Oliver's to create a birthday arrangement for one of the ladies that I work with.  They got the date wrong on when the arrangement was to be delivered. And the arrangement came one day late.
4	Nice flowers at a decent price!  Not sure how they can sell dozen roses for $10.
1	I ordered flowers online from Oliver to be delivered to my wife's office on Valentine's Day.  Even though I ordered two weeks in advance and my order was confrmed to be delivered on Valentine's Day, they delivered a day early (without any advance notification).  Additionally, I paid extra for a balloon but it did not have one and after repeated attempts to call and email Oliver, they did not respond nor did they refund my charge for the balloon which never showed up.  Buyer beware.  I understand Valentine's Day may be their busiest day of the year but don't promise anything if you can't deliver, and you certainly shouldn't charge someone for a service or good which wasn't even provided!!!!
5	Seriously received the most colorful, fresh, gorgeous bouqet I have ever seen in my life. Reds, pinks, purples,  oranges... nothing tacky. I have had the bouqet on my desk now for 3 days, and it still smells wonderful. I always judge a good flower shop over whether or not the flowers live past a week. I guarantee I'll have these here for 1week+. I have gotten so many compliments on these too. Everyone walking by has stopped to say "oh my gosh, how beautiful!"The delivery guy was so nice too. I work in a high rise, and the front desk is sometimes less than desirable in dealing with deliveries, so the delivery guy left me a phone message, and when I called back, he said "be there in 6 minutes!" Sure enough, he was right on time.Really excellent customer service. My boyfriend said they were wonderful to deal with when ordering, they got it exactly right!!!!!! He said the flowers were even better than he imagined. Don't waste your money going through some chain, go local, and you won't regret it!!!!
2	The shop keep is very patient and pleasant to deal with but I regret to write that my last arrangement missed the mark in more ways than one.I spent $60 dollars( after a 10% discount)  on an arrangement that is advertised on their website as the "Rose delight" which is mostly yellow roses and red mini roses. That seems simple two hues.  What was delivered are pink roses , white mini roses, some purple flower I cannot make out from my friend's photo and only 3 yellow roses with peach colored ends. There are not any fully yellow roses or red mini roses what so ever.  The odd thing is when I went down to the store that day I looked in the cooler and say that they had yellow roses in stock.   The roses look old and are fully open with wrinkled ends not closed and fresh.  The flowers in the arrangements that was delivered don't look any thing like the fresh flowers that I saw when I was in Oliver's ordering this.I am am really let down that my arrangement doesn't have the colors I had wanted. From my friend's photo there appear to be 2 dozen roses or possibly more , so value for money is still very much there.  .
1	I ordered flowers for my boyfriends mom for Mother's Day... Never arrived. I called and they had no record of my order. I offered to give them my confirmation number but "that wouldn't do anything." He said he would call me back and never did. I called back 6 hours later and the person that answered the phone found my order right away. Oops I guess they missed it! Offered to send it on Wednesday... No! That's 3 days after Mother's Day. Very frustrating to say the least
