3	The good: the hours here are fantastic. Stroll in at four in the morning? No problem. Here's a pita.The bad: A long night of drinking + pita from the Pita Pit = Serious stomach issues. The indifferent: The food is ok but I've never been overly impressed. Final Verdict: Three and a half stars for effort. It ain't easy being open that late.
2	I was so excited to see the Pita Pit had reopened after being booted so ASU can continue its construction frenzy.I had a gyro pita--authentic, I know. (Not). Friends had the roast beef and chicken crave. They thought they were okay, but I was really disappointed because the pitas were dry and ripped from being rolled. I also remembered the pitas have more in them and being better tasting overall.I'm hoping that if I visit again, which I'm sure I will with it being across the street, they will have gotten over these grand opening jitters.Oh, man, I hope so.
4	Best.drunk.food.ever.I fell in love with Pita Pit as a student at Ohio State (we had one near campus) and when we moved out here last year, I thought I was going to have to break up with Pita Pit. But luckily, I didn't have to because there is one here! My husband and I have had it delivered to our apartment since it reopened and it was very quick and arrived about 20 minutes after we placed our order. On our walk home from Mill Avenue after watching the ASU-Georgia game at Tavern on Mill, I got a craving for Pita Pit and since we had to pass it to get home, we stopped in. We were the only customers, so service was so quick. I got the BLT pita (so original I know) and it was delicious as always, although I would have liked if they had cooked the bacon just a minute longer, but it was crispy so I was mostly happy. The pita was $5.95 which for the size is a fair price.Since it's open until the wee hours of the morning, it's the perfect pit stop after a night of drinking.
1	My friend and I were looking for a late dinner delivery and decided on Pita Pit as it was already 9:45pm. I called the number twice and it just rang and rang. Third time someone finally picked up and I could barely hear her because their rap music was playing so loud. I ordered a Philly and a Caesar pita, a side of hummus and pita (enough to feed 2 people), and 2 cokes. The ordering itself took 10 minutes because the women couldn't hear me and didn't understand that I wanted Pita with nothing on it to dip into the sides of hummus!45 minutes later (My friends home is only 1.3 miles away from Pita Pits location) a guy comes with "our" order. I close the door and realize I didn't get any drinks, but by then he'd sped off. I call back and explain that not only did we not get drinks, but upon further inspection we got cookies instead of extra pita! The guy had a thick mexican accent and didn't seem to understand what I was saying. Again there was music playing so loud in the background that I had to yell so he could hear me. He tells me they didn't charge me for the drinks so basically why should I care (at a total of 16.00 for two sandwiches, they obviously charged me for it). I tell him that I'd like the pita and drinks and he then mumbles "shit" while trying to find my order. he says there's no drinks on the order (I have a copy of the order that has my drinks and pita scribbled at the botom) but he can see if they can get the driver to come back.He says he can't and that's when I go crazy. I work as a food delivery service dispatcher, so I know that its almost mandatory to send a driver back if they have forgotten something. I tell him this and he says "no". I then tell him when they DO bring my order that I want my money back for the horrible F*cking service. This man then tells me to watch my mouth and to "not talk shit" to him. I repeat that I will be getting my money back and if they don't come in a timely fashion that I'll drive down there and make a formal complaint. 20 minutes later: no drinks, no pita. I call back and get a girl again. I explain who talked to me last and she goes "that little f*cker I know who that was". I'm again asked if I want them to bring our drinks (YES) and she puts the delivery man on. He explains that no one told him to make his way back down and that he will and it will be THIRTY MINUTES. I tell him we'll just come down cause that's too long to wait. He then tells me it'll be more like 10 and asks if I'm sure I want him to come by with just drinks (..YES). 15 minutes later (midnight on the dot) I get my drinks and pita (1 pita..to share between 2 people) and he looked totally uninterested in apologizing for the 2 HOURS of bull. The food was good (who knows if they spit in anything because with the way they were acting its quite possible) but that part of the experience was totally trumped by the horrid customer service.
1	Worst customer experience from these obnoxious pricks!
3	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):7 Food9 Service7 Atmosphere7 Value
3	The staff there was friendly, especially the guy assembling the pitas. I got the chicken breast pita and the chicken was grilled perfectly. They have a large selection of veggies and sauces to choose from. You can even add cheese to it. I didn't realize nor was it posted that pineapple was an option. It was an unpleasant discovery. Love pineapples... just not in a savory pita. I also wish they would heat up the pita bread. It is sort of weird biting into this rather cold pita and warm piece of chicken. It would make the pita more mailable and taste less dry. Including tax it was $6.19. It is fair value, not great. After a couple hours at the bar I was hungry again. Noticed on the way out that they are open 24 hours. I would definitely come back if I needed a relatively healthy fix after a night out.
5	They have 24/7 delivery! And the food tastes awesome after a night out! First was introduced to this place after an night out in Flagstaff and it was the only place open in downtown after the bars closed. Found this location in Tempe and it is just as good as the one in Flag. Personally, I'm partial to the Philly Cheesesteak pita.
5	I love pita pit and was sooooo excited when I spotted this while having drinks at Barney's right next door. My eyes lit up when I saw the Pita Pit sign as I yelled "PITTAAAA PIT!! WE'RE GOING THERE AFTER!!" I ordered the BLT and of course, was extremely satisfied with my choice. They're open 24 hrs with the option of delivery! Does it get any better than that? But while munching on my delicious pita I realized that I would shortly be returning to orange county, Ca where Pita Pit does not exist.. I was moping and texting my boyfriend about how I wish we had one when he responded with "there's one in newport, we'll go when you get back on sunday." Just imagine how ecstatic I was to receive such life-changing news!
4	I am falling in love with this place. A friend gave me some buy one get one free cards for this 24/7 joint; yes I said it 24/7. A caveat to my review is that I love making my own food. Here at least I get to choose what is in it! The staff is very friendly and if you are a first timer they will help you create your masterpiece. But as I always say, spice up your life and be your own creator. Ingredients are ultra fresh and they have all the condiments you could want. Minus A1 :-) By the way it gets even better because they deliver!
4	Pretty straight-forward deal here.  Parking can be a bit tough, but what isn't around ASU. Food is good, reasonably priced and is made quickly. Plus they have 50% off everything on Fridays.
5	Meal of choice when I need something fast and yummy between classes!
3	Not my favorite place to get a pita, but still pretty good. I usually get the caesar pita with chips and a drink.The staff is USUALLY friendly. Every once in a while I'll come across a grump. However, when you're open 24 hours I don't expect you to always be chipper at the crack of dawn. They're usually pretty steady, not too busy, but definitely not slow. The atmosphere is okay for being located in a college town.I hate their parking lot. Overall, though, I like Pita Pit.
2	This place is a cool idea. Its like Subway for Pitas. Only, its like Subway for Pitas. The staff can be downright crotchety at times about what 'kind' of pita you are getting. There is also an issue with the staff knowing how to make a pita at times. I've watched them roll the pita with absolute horror at times! The pita is supposed to hold the food, not just be around it.
2	I never actually got to eat at this place, as they put a flier on my front door. I called to have some food delivered, during their hours of operation... No one ever answered the phone. Guess they must not need the business.
5	24 hours, delicious and a wide arrange of options. I wish I had tried this place earlier. I've tried many different options, and haven't been disappointed yet. I highly recommend this place for people who want to sit down and enjoy a healthy meal, or someone on the go. Very delicious and worth the price.
1	I love Pita Pit. I used to eat at the one in Syracuse all the time. Unfortunately, this location has some serious issues. I called to order a pita for lunch today for delivery. I was put on hold for a couple minutes and then apparently the phone was picked up but no one was there to help me. So in the end, I wasted five minutes of my life listening to their employees take other people's orders and completely ignore that I was on the phone. I would have possibly gone in here or ordered from here again, but now that will not be the case. The management should teach their employees phone etiquette.
2	I usually love pita pits. However, every time I try to give this location a second or third or fourth chance it disappoints. The employees do not know what they are doing. I had the guy making my pita ask me FOUR times what type of meat I wanted ( I was the only customer in the store) and I kept saying black bean veggie and to not cross-contaminate. Well then another customer comes in the store and he *accidently* gets some of their meat in my patty area, and also uses the same knife and spatula even though I kindly asked to use different ones. The pitas I get always fall apart and are a mess, the bread is always dry and they don't cover the vegetables. Oh- and as I was sitting on their patio outside trying to salvage the mess made of the pita, they were blasting music with awful obsecenities that seriously offended me. Talking about getting high and f*cking bitches with wet p*ssies.... seriously Pita Pit corporation needs to either close this location or fire everyone... oh and I didn't go in the middle of the night, I went around 2 p.m. I usually don't write bad reviews but my experience here was so, so awful. And this isn't just one experience, it is the culmination of about five bad experiences but this last one pushed me over the edge. I want to like pita pit....I used to like other Pita Pit's. But this location, the employees and their general disregard for ANYTHING serioulsy has soured me.
5	Seriously, this was my goto spot in college. They deliver late night which is really convenient if you are in the area. I live in Scottsdale now, so I am so incredibly  sad that I can't get delivery. I always get the chicken Caesar pita with diced tomatoes. They cook the chicken to perfection and you always get the perfect juiciness of the chicken combined with the crunch of the fresh romaine lettuce. I like to sauce it up with sriracha on every bite and it is...what's the word...DIVINE.
1	Surprised this place isn't closed by now. Went here once when I first started going to ASU and never came back.Their ingredients are not fresh, gyro meat tastes old and decrepit. They really need to hire better pita makers who don't resemble drug addicts and derelicts. My pita was falling apart before it was even handed to me. Literally, by the time I got it to the table it was soggy and not even worth eating!
3	Yum I love their pitas but the service wasn't that great. They seem understaffed and could use some friendlier employees, possibly a female? The men I've encountered working there were rather short and unconversational. I'll go back, but I usually get my meal to go.
3	I love a pita that's done well and was satisfied with my visit to Pita Pit. I had a coupon for $5 for any pita, and got the falafel with all the toppings my heart desired. (So glad they have sprouts, Tzatziki and feta!) The portion was HUGE, ate the whole thing and was ready for a nap afterwards. The quality of ingredients were good and service speedy.
1	We had a super awesome pita experience from Pita Pit last night, and we needed dinner on the fly again so I put in another order for this evening on GrubHub. We ordered for 5 people, no fancy pitas or anything, a couple gyros, falafel, a Cali club... and literally every pita was wrong! Some peeps even paid an extra dollar and some change for avocado... and none was given. They didn't even wrap our pita's in pita bread! Instead we got dry tortillas... at PITA Pit. So dry that mine cracked halfway through and my falafel pita crumbled into my lap. I also ordered each person a chocolate chip cookie, and when I opened the package there was an assortment of all different kinds of choco cookies, like they just threw together 5 from different store bought boxes. Literally some were large and gooey, some were small and crunchy... super weird. And a super huge disappointment, what the heck! We REALLY wanted to love this place and we figured that there was some reasonable explanation, so my boyfriend called into the store. The woman on the phone didn't want to give him her time of night, and told him that they no longer are using pita bread for their "pitas", that they changed to tortillas for good. No pitas, at Pita Pit? And it changed overnight? We literally just had the best warm, delicious pitas delivered to us last night! My bf finally got a weak apology out of her, but that was it. The end. Where's the customer service guys?! We would have offered a ton of service to them-- we have 4 hungry college kids at our place... and we tip really well! Bummer for them.
