5	Ok, we have been trying to find a good raspado (Mexican snow cone) place for a while. AZ was starting to disappoint me. I have had raspados in Mexico but like i said have struggled to find a place similar to the ones in Mexico. The raspados I had here have been watery and full of ice which is your typical american snow cone. The best we had found was in Tempe, which is way way too far for us. We yelped raspados in the west valley and thought we would give Raspados Neza a try. We walked in and saw a menu with limited items, only raspados, which was ok cause that's what we were wanting. The owner was a sweet talkative man who was proud of his product. I was scared this would be just another watery raspados with nothing but ice and hardly any lechera (sweetened condensed milk). So we ordered, I selected the pecan raspado, my husband the arroz con leche (rice and milk, has an horchata taste but thicker) and my daughters the coconut and the strawberry raspado. We had them all with lechera. I had my first sip of my raspado and OMG I was soo happy! My pecan raspado was sooooo delicious. It was creamy, tasty, and had the perfect amount of ice. Some places add ice cream to the raspados, which I love, but these did not need them at all. I tasted all my family's raspados and all were so good. Also one thing to keep in mind is that these raspados are naturally flavored and have no preservatives. So they are not too bad for you. The raspados are $3 for a small and $4 for a large. So this is it guys we have conquered in finding the best raspado in west Phoenix. Thank you Rasados Neza we will be back very soon.
5	MMM their raspados are super tasty and refreshing. My favorite is nuez and coconut.
5	Best raspados gotta give it 5 stars!!!! not to mention how friendly they are!!!!!
5	My absolute favorite Raspados place. So underrated, they deserve more attention for the quality, taste, and love they put in their raspados :) every flavor is good. Wont disappoint. He carefully layers and packs the ice, syrup, fruit, etc for you. It's not the typical Raspados that taste like snowcones. Each syrup flavor has been cooked perfectly with real bits and chunks of whatever fruit/nut flavor you get. Clean environment, great hosts; will never get tored of this place.
5	Just go here. It is delicious. Nothing better on a hot Phoenix day. This isn't your American snow cone. This is fresh shaved ice with fresh fruits and juices. I haven't had anything like it before. I got mango and strawberry with leche. Me and the baby loved it. My husband had a spicy lime chile mango tamarind creation that he devored. The owners were very nice.
5	Great customer service she owners work together to make some good stuff. At times if they're not too busy they'll mix up flavors and let you try.
1	as i was waiting for my raspados happily in line imagining the awesome taste..... i finally got my vanilla and pistachio snow cone. then i nearly threw up in my mouth when to my surprise a big ass curly hair saluted me ; /      i then walked back to the counter and noticed the owners mullet and realized that hair belonged to him!!! i nicely told them and proceeded to show them the not so fun surprise....and they nervously smiled and asked if i wanted a new one....NO THANKS!!!! ill have my money back.... word of advise raspados neza owners invest in some nifty hair nets!!!!
5	This place is the biz..i went in here with my boy Big Juice and our pregnant friend Alan the owner was really nice he treats us like family he made a special raspado for our pregnant friend and said "las mujeres embarasadas ahi que consentir las"  will be going back Ramon is trippin doug
5	I went into Raspados Neza this afternoon, I kept hearing how good it was. As I walked in the first thing I saw was a retired Temerarios band member making the raspados. I was very happy being that I am a long time fan. I took a glance at the menu, I ordered the Limon con mango Raspado. It was very delicious we started convercating and soon I noticed this guy is also a comedian he was comparing my pregnant friend to a sea horse. over all this place is both delicious and entertaining will be going back soon
3	This place is ok I guess. The razpados there are really good. But the bad thing is that their employees aren't that nice. But other than that its a good place
5	Tanarindo and nuez were amazing! U can tell they use quality ingredients In The syrups mmmm
5	Their flavors are delicious and far from being artificial like the American snow cones. I recommend the chocolate, pistachio and vanilla, all with cream. So far those are the ones I enjoyed the most. I still got to go back and try others!
4	If you've never had a Raspados you need to go try it as it was very good. I was a newbie and hoped the owners could run me through how it works and what to get but they speak very little English so I was mostly on my own. They did try though. I guess I could blame my lack of Spanish instead of blaming their lack of English in a Mexican store. :)Anyway, I had a medium Pineapple/Coconut with a little condensed milk and outside of the sugar coma afterwards it was really good. Look forward to trying different flavors in the future.A Raspados is basically a snow cone made with sweetened real fruit. None of that colored syrup at this place.
3	The raspados were ok.  Being that I just moved from Miami, I was used to a different texture and flavor.  Overall, it was good.  The place needs a little TLC as far as aesthetics go.
5	This is a nice, cute little mexican style snow cone joint.  That being said, it is literally the best snow cone I've ever had.  Most authentic flavor you will ever find.  You could tell the owners who work there are super passionate about their product.  The owners are very pleasant, the place was clean and service was great!  I would definitely recommend everyone to visit this place!  You'll be happy you did!
5	No fuss little store front that serves up some delicious frozen goodies. We had the cafe, arrozo con leche, strawberry with cream, mango and my personal favorite mangonadas which is a combo of mango, tamarind, chile, lime and even comes with tamarind candy. Perfect for a hot AZ day!!!
4	My kids love the Mexican snow cones. Everytime they want to come here they ask for a raspa de el "buki" because they think the owner looks like the Mexican singer "el buki" I don't think they even know the real name of this place. Anyway, he does have the best raspado but they are a bit too pricey which is what keeps us from coming more often. With 5 of us and at $5.00 a raspa, a single outing for snow cones quickly turns into $25.00.
5	So delicious, i have been looking for a good real raspado place and finally ive found it! It sucks that its like 45 minutes from where i live but when im on that side of town i have to get a raspado. Yummyyyy!
2	The raspados are absolutely delicious however their hours are unreliable. My husband and I went today at 1240 because the website said they open at 1200 but they were closed. I was craving their cajeta raspado :(
1	Worst service ever...just because I asked if they are real or artificial flavors I was treated like shit. What assholes!
1	Went here with my wife hoping for a nice cool treat, I got the Diablito wich has chamoy, chili, tamarind and lime, my wife got the strawberry and cream. These were absolutely the worst tasting things we have ever tried. Mine was bitter and sour and not at all appetizing. My wife's strawberry and cream tasted rancid like either the cream went bad or the strawberry a did. We had to throw then away after just a few bites, an unfortunate waste of money.
1	Stopped in with my friends to enjoy a raspado and had the worst customer service experience. As soon as we walked in the door the owner approached us and gave us a flyer for the boost mobile store down the street, I thought it was a bit odd. Am I here to get a raspado or to have a pushy guy give me a flyer and tell me to go buy a cellphone?We placed our order and stood in front of the other counter where he was preparing our food. As we're waiting another customer shows up and instead of having the lady at the register take her order he stops making our raspados and goes over to the customer and gives her a boost mobile flyer! It was just so bizarre, my friend tried to tell him she wanted her ingredients mixed together and he was completely rude and condescending.He doesn't know how to talk to people and isn't a good business owner in my opinion. I ordered the rompope flavor and it was okay but I would never go back to this establishment based on the way my friend was treated.I also think that the people giving this place 5 stars either didn't deal directly with the man I'm talking about or don't speak Spanish because if you do you'd pick up on his extremely bad attitude.
1	Worse place ever. Awful service, and the people their are rude! DONT GO!!!
1	Very rude service. Will not go there again. Also after seeing the back door open and letting flies in. Gross!
4	My family and I have been going to Raspados Neza since it opened, and we love these raspados as much as the first time we went.
