1	Lose all your money at the tables if you must, but don't lose your dignity by eating here.
3	FAQQ: My god, are you really trying to get me to go to *this* Denny's? You gotta be fucking kidding me.A: Let's say you've been driving all night. Let's say that Las Vegas Blvd. (aka The Strip) was real busy that night. Let's say the hotel doesn't check you into until 11.00am. Let's say you're really, really hungry. Let's say you wanted a Sampler Platter and substitute the Onion Rings for seasoned fries. Let's say this Denny's is the ideal location. Let's say there is no shame in going to this Denny's.Q: Why is this Denny's so sad at 5.32am?A: Between the hours of 4.00am and 6.00am on a non-holiday weekend, this town is just sadness. Trust me. I know.Q: You are a sad, sad human being.A: You should try asking more questions, anyway, let's just say that after growing up in California/Los Angeles and after driving 7 hours (stupid 15 Fwy traffic), there's no better thing than the host asking you: Smoking or Non-Smoking?Clearly, we were in the Smoking section.FYI ... It *is* sad. But it's away from the hustle and bustle and it's a good way to "get away from it all" before you dive back into The Strip. I was gonna give this 2-stars. Fuck it. Three it is.
2	2am in Vegas? Denny's! 1 Busboy, 1 waitress. Fast service, tastes good. Hasn't been updated in years, cold as hell. Good place for a quick meal.
1	My boyfriend and I had just got off our flight an hour prior and were really hungry because we hadn't eatin' all day. So rather then lookng for a place to eat, we just went to Denny's.Boy was that a BIG MISTAKE!We got our usual grand slams. Usually we'd be able to continue our day, but ten minutes after leaving Denny's we were racing back to the bathrooms. Then it was followed by an awful stomach ache. So not worth it. If it wasn't for some advil to relieve the pain I don't know how I would have gotten out of bed.Only thing good was the service. Waiter was nice.
1	Had a hour to kill before work this morning, This Denny's was the closest.Should of considered McDee's. On this occasion the food was actually passible...it was the server which was the problem..I don't speak Spanish, she made a feeble attempt at English. Needed to repeat my order 6 times..when the order arrived wrong and toast was cold..Asked for coffee, she brought tea..Finally became convinced she wanted me to eat what she thought I should have....Not interested in what I wanted. Saving grace was manager came over. I detailed what went aray and comp'ed the meal...will I go back, don't think so...Dennys is a bad part of town..keep an eye on your wallet and your car..................
2	Great hot chocolate an free refills but the wifi sucks!!!!
4	Not bad here. SERVICE:Pretty good. The guy remembered all our orders and we got complicated "whole wheat" "no tomatoes" "extra onions"...I did not get my extra onions tho... :/But they were great and split all of our bills in the check so each person can pay individually... that was a plus!FOOD:I got a veggie mushroom cheese burger... very good. Fries were good too. I love mushroom!It was breaking apart but it was still good.PARKING:Walking distance from stratosphere and tons of parking avaliableLOCATION:Near ghettoish area but ehOverall:Not bad for a Denny's... I liked it.
1	Service at this Denny's was dismal. After waiting for 45 mins for breakfast at 10am, the manager didn't even apologize for the food coming late.Food was mediocre.Location was pretty sketchy.Only go to this location if your desperate.
5	The guy that helped us was very nice and polite and we got greeted as soon as we came in...very great service and food was really good..
1	This was one of my worst experience, as we walked inside Denny's there were two men walking out complaining about the long wait. We should have left right there and then, but we were hungry after all it was after 9pm, we sat and ordered then waited, waited and waited. I finally stood up and the cook saw me and looked at the waitress (wish I hadn't seen since she brought our water) I asked for our food, (we only ordered apple Cranberry dinner Salad) when this waitress finally brought our salads, it was so small, the plate was barely covered with lettuce and there were no apples. We walked out. This is not a place to go eat.
2	I will never give Denny's 5 stars after I experienced one of the worst times of my restaurant life! My man and I came in, were seated, given menus, then completely ignored! Yes ignored. They were even snickering. It wasn't even that packed. I think they need to go back to the drawing board.
4	Great pancakes and free refills on soda, as soon as I finished the first drink the waitress came with another drink immediately. Friendly staff and fast service (5PM).- The toilets were not clean.
2	It's Denny's. It has food. It's really cheap if you order off the $2/$4/$6 menu.I wouldn't recommend it, although the service was fine, but then again, getting eight people to agree on anything that early when they're hungover leads to some Denny's  type experiences.So go, just know it'll be just like the last time you went to Denny's.
2	Silverware was brought to us AFTER our food was already at the table in our corner booth in the back with dirty carpets surrounding us. Kids waited over 20 minutes for their juices.  The waitstaff sure acted like they didn't want to be there that day. Make sure if you visit for "Kids eat free" on Tuesdays that you mention it BEFORE ordering! And I didn't appreciate the way the waitress AND manager repeated that "they didn't ask for it" in front of me. Usually when I enter an eatery, they tell me what promos are going on and automatically apply... not making me feel like it's my fault for asking for a promotion after the bill is presented. Am I just old school when it comes to Denny's?!  If I had a kitchen at my hotel room, I would have cooked eggs and bacon myself!Disappointed in the overall experience. I almost didn't tip.. but as a former server, I shall never do that to a working individual. We will not visit again when we are in Las Vegas.
4	This is my third time at this Denny's over the last 20 years. Each time I have been here they are crazy busy, but the staff (which I'm sure has changed over the years) is still helpful and welcoming. Food is good to any Denny's standard. Our waitress was fabulous! We were seated in a fair amount of time considering the volume and our food arrived faster than I expected and was hot considering how packed they were. I will continue to pick them as a breakfast stop when I make another trip to Vegas!
5	Sub-par to NONE -- absolutely amazing! My fiance and I have dinned at some of the most expensive and exclusive restaurants you can think of ....none of them had better service than this Denny's! Shocking right? Our server was Donald D. and it was 3 am on November 29, 2013... He was quick, efficient, friendly and had overall a great sense of hospitality. My fiance had the Banana with Pancake breakfast, I had the Philly Omelet, and we shared a order of pancake puppies. All of which came out hot and promptly.. As for the pancake puppies, my hubby wanted the regular and I wanted the red velvet...so what did Donald D. do? He gave us half and half as a surprise!  When we ordered our drinks we wanted iced vanilla coffee (not on the menu) but he made it for us..He was just fantastic...I've read the reviews and I don't if the negativity is due to other servers or what.. but you visit here ask for Donald D.! This was probably the 2nd or third time we've dinned at Denny's (the first in Daytona - it was across from our hotel) We will definitely be back on our next trip to Vegas and hope to have him has our server again! We can be a bit difficult to accommodate but he did it and made us fans of Denny's - so thank you Donald D.!
1	I got the most simplest breakfasts that one can order came out practically frozen everything was cold and old! At least service wasn't bad, So to fix it I got 20% off next time I come in! Ha! like that will ever happen!
5	I've been sleeping on Denny's . Great dinning experience . The service and food was wonderful and the price, wow! I will be back. I hope that this is  not the flagship for the franchise .
4	I had the pleasure of having breakfast here while in Vegas. Had John as a waiter and he was excellent,in a great mood and made our table laugh any chance he got . I ate the peanut butter cup pancakes and sweet Jesus the were heavenly :) very sweet but hit the spot.This place is great,cheap and service is outstanding!!
4	I've ended up here to end many a drunk nights out. The staff have always been friendly and I usually always get the same thing since I've had pretty much everything else. It's always been good here.
3	This Denny's came clutch for my friend and I after walking almost 2 miles after the life is beautiful music festival. We asked the host if we could maybe charge our phones so we could get into contact with the rest of our group, she was reluctant to do so until she asked her manager. A few minutes later she came to our table to tell us the manager refused to help us out with our phones-all we needed was 5 minutes of electricity time and we would have been satisfied... It was 2:30 am we just wanted to call for a ride! Otherwise the food was what we expected for a chain restaurant. Just wish management was more considerate!
