2	We went there last night for the grand opening. We were very disappointed.  There were no menus, which would have been fine if our waitress had a clue what she was talking about.  She was all over the place and had no clue what champagnes they had, what was by the glass, what was by the bottle and prices.  We would ask her question, she would go look and then come back with a different answer than what we asked.  She said a glass of Dom was $19 so I ordered that, then she comes back and has brought me a glass of Vueve that was $18 because she said she was wrong and the Dom was $40/glass.  She should have come and told me the price difference and asked what I wanted. Luckily I am fine with Vueve, but probably would have order Moet.  I understand first night kinks, but to me this was a horrible first impression.  I doubt we will go back.
3	Just posted a full review on the blog.  The highlights:  champagne and cocktails are outstanding, calamari was light and fresh.  Love the decor--it strikes a playful balance between sophisticated and fashionable, and the dining area is anything but standard with large round communal-style tables.  Pass on the flatbreads!
3	5 stars for ambiance.. but 0 for service. (yes yes, I know that averages to 2.5, but I'm rounding to 3 because I'm optimistic!)I was so excited when I heard that our building was hosting a Happy Hour at this new spot! I walked in, and instantly loved the decor! they've done a terrific job creating a chic lounge. Sadly, my excitement was very quickly destroyed, thanks to their service... or lack thereof. Champagne is Champagne, whether you drink it at a classy bar or in your patio! When people decide to go to a bar and spend money on an overpriced glass of alcohol, it's not because it tastes better at a bar, we're essentially paying for the service and experience. Perhaps the poor service can be attested to some growing pains? I'm hopeful that if I go back there, I'll have a better experience, because this type of a bar/lounge could be a splendid addition to uptown!
4	I really love this place.  Prices can be somewhat high for certain drinks, but the atmosphere is so cool.  When you walk in, it seriously feels like a 60's cigar lounge with neon lights and plush half moon booths.  This place is new and I definitely think there are still things they need to work on.  First, if you are a bar/ nightclub-- the wait staff should be well versed on your drink menu AND the prices.  Second, if you are going to specialize in a wine and champagne -- make sure you have SOME beverages that are under $15 a glass-- unless you only want people to stay for one or two drinks.  I like that this place caters to a more mature crowd by encouraging conversations over drinks.
1	Another cheesy place by BMG! No sole and lots of fluff. Worst floor plan I have even seen in dance club and food awful.
1	My friends and I came here for a kind-of soft opening that was meant to market Bubbles as an event space. First impression when walking in: looks like one of Tom Haverford's clubs from "Parks and Rec." Slight turn to the right and... OMFG WHY THE FUCK ARE THERE GIANT PORTRAITS OF DOLLS ON THE WALL?!? Seriously mondo creepy. Ugh. Anyway, the decor looks like it's trying wayyy too hard. Lots of gloss, no substance. My ideal lounge is trendy without trying to grab your attention like a high-priced escort who just lost their client for the evening. We sat outside since it was happy hour and would be fun to people watch. I will give Bubbles this: it has a wonderful outdoor view of Trade and College. However, the servers were moving slower than molasses on this particular evening. They were nice, but not at all attentive. The tray-passed apps were ever so slowly served to some tables and not others. One interesting aspect with a lot of potential is that the bar opens up to the patio; you can order a drink without going back inside. They did this for maybe three minutes, took a couple orders and then closed it back up again without any explanation. Mystifying. Overall, I'd say everything was very poorly managed.We did get to sample some food: they have a caprese salad tower which looked cool, but the tomatoes were of poor quality and the mozzarella tasted ordinary at best. They also served a smoked salmon on potato chip appetizer, which was interesting but not worth repeating.To summarize, this place is doing the exact opposite of what a good gastrolounge should do: rather than have a trendy, but not-trying-too-hard look with fast and attentive service, Bubbles goes for the attention-whore look with the zero-fucks-given servers. I won't be back.
1	Went for dinner/happy hour with a few friends. We tried many different items on the menu all were terrible. The staff was very rude and service terrible. We would not return.
2	Do not waste your time.  First of all there is not a bottle of Champagne (their entire concept) under $100.  Apparently they are catering to NFL Players....not Epicentre visitors.  The environment is fine....but the food is completely un-inventful.  Calamari?  Really.  Caprese Salad.  Really?  I will say that the food I got was fine.  The wasabi sauce with the calamari was really good.  I was just unimpressed.  I don't think the Epicentre needs another Suite.
3	Another club for 20 somethings in Charlotte.  If this place isn't that right now, I have a feeling that's what it will become.  That's not to say I'm not digging it.  It's the newest place to be right now and the views from outside on the balcony are some of the best you'll get uptown.The bartenders are nice and friendly and the price of the drinks don't seem to excessive.  The clientele here is a little more upscale than normal so that's a good thing as well.  The music is upbeat and fun as well as the decor is nice and plush.  It would be a great spot to buy a VIP table otherwise I think it would get tiresome.
4	Had my 21st dinner here. Staff there was really nice, love the service. The food was kind of expensive for the portion that was given but the quality was great. I didn't buy any drinks so I don't know how pricing went but the bartenders were also kind. I stayed a little later to see get the feel of the nightclub. Ill say it is more for a mature crowd, really chill and nice. More lounging then clubbing which I prefer more. I will definitely visit again. Thanks!
3	I checked out Bubble for a happy hour meetup event.  It was a nice little spot for drinks.  The drinks are priced about average for a major city (I just moved from Orlando).  Huge wine list, but only bottles, very limited "glass" selection.  It's a nice atmosphere, but the GIANT old school barbie photos on the wall are a little out of place.  When I think "bubble" i think round, light, airy...i would change the artwork for some symmetrical shapes...maybe something abstract. I see it as a great place to meet for happy hour with it's large booths and open floor plan.  Although I didn't tour the entire place, I'm not sure I would want to eat dinner in booths since the tables are knee height...although maybe they have more seating in the back.  moral: go for happy hour then move along
4	Pretty swanky spot to get together for a birthday to start the night.Came here to celebrate a friend's birthday and we had some drinks and apps before getting the party started.  The appetizers came out incredibly slow, but they were all tasty.  I highly recommend prosciutto & cantaloupe combo, it was really good.  The server was attentive, other than the fact that drinks came a bit slow.  She did her best and accommodated us by getting a candle to put on a dessert for the birthday girl.  Good times!I am willing to come here again!dmo out.
4	The nice folks at Bubble Lounge contacted my Meetup group and offered each guest a free glass of champagne plus complimentary appetizers.  The lounge was opulently decorated; my favorite touch was the giant Barbie close ups lining the wall.  The champagne is good, and, if you pay a $5.00 donation, you get $1.00 champagne refills all night long!  The donation goes to fight human trafficking.  The appetizers provided for us included a blue cheese dip, a margherita pizza, vegetable tempura sticks with yum yum sauce and hummus with pita chips.  Yum Yum sauce tastes like a mixture of ketchup and mayonnaise, with a secret ingredient.  Nothing disappointed, plus, it was all vegetarian fare, which is a plus with me!  Omnivores, please note that the menu is not vegetarian, and you will find something meaty to bite with your pointy little teeth.  The staff at Bubble is friendly.  Our server was gracious and attentive.  The only thing that I didn't like about Bubble Lounge is that it is located at The Epicenter.  Parking is expensive and maneuvering around is confusing.  Still, I would like to return.
3	I hesitated to write a review about this place because I wasn't sure how I felt about it until now. I'm not a big clubber anymore...more like totally opposite now. I'd rather go to a cool bar or nice restaurant to hang out...Anyway, needless to say I was no too thrilled when I was asked to come here the first time. When I saw how close it was to Suite I pretty much assumed the same crowd and atmosphere. 1st VISIT: I liked the area up the short stairs/ramp. It was more of a place to eat appetizers or have a drink at the bar and chill, it also leads outside where you can do the same (there is a bar area where you can order drinks out there as well). The bartender had some personal issues she should have worked out before she got to work. So her nasty attitude put me in a negative mood from the start. After an hour people started pouring in ( I think it was around 12 am) and that's when I started to here music that reminded me of "sandstorm" and I was reminded all over again why I don't like clubs. It's like the atmosphere went from cool and swanky to ...a rave?We left.2nd VISIT: I had a friend come into town and he wanted to visit a nice club...ugh! what other choice did I have? I was hoping maybe it would be different this time. I was right! the drinks were still great but our bartender was amazing he had a great attitude. The crowd was even better they were older so we didn't feel out of place. And the MUSIC was actually good! No sandstorm. We stayed and danced all night...only slight negative is that the guys were a little thirsty, every time my friend walked away a guy would literally run up to dance/talk (whether I wanted to or not) to me and run off when he came back, 1 guy actually stuck his card between my hand and glass as my friend came walking back. Some may find that flattering but it's actually why I don't plan on going back. Because touchy/aggressive guys are another reason why I don't like clubs :-/ but if you do I would say give it a try.
3	Bubble is fun to check out, but not a place I'd stay at for a long period of time.  It has an upscale ambiance along with upscale prices.  The cover on weekends has been as high as $15, and basic house drinks run around $6 with a weak pour.  There isn't a dance floor, but a bit of space in front of the DJ booth.  It seems as though the venue wants to cater more toward VIP service so the general crowd doesn't mingle as much.  The decor inside is beautfiful and the bathrooms are always clean.  They have an awesome view from the outside patio too!  It is too pricey for me, and seems to be trying to be something it's not.  However, I'd check it out to see if it is your vibe!
3	I've been here 3 times. The food is pretty good but the bartenders are bad. They don't pay attention to you and they don't give you enough liquor. It's watered down. Not a great experience!
2	I went here for a birthday dinner a few weeks ago and they can do better. Going here to party and have a night out is another story, just don't come here for dinner. Portions are tiny compared to prices, nothing is cooked to order (steaks), our waitress was just not paying attention and I just don't understand why it took so long for our food to get to us and then like a half hour for checks.The wine by the glass options are few and far between and you would think that for a place called bubble they would have more options for champagne and desserts, but they hardly had any, not even strawberries?  It was very odd, I do like coming here for a night out or as a stop on my party route but I won't eat here ever again.
1	Hosted a high profile private event here for my job for a large Charlotte-based retailer and had a horrible experience. We paid for a private area that had random people sitting in it when we arrived. We asked the staff to please kindly ask them to leave, which they did; however, the rest of the staff kept seating people in our area. We had a specialty drink that we were paying for which was being served to the random people sitting in our area - and being added to our bill. None of our drinks or food was ready when we arrived. We only had one waitress assigned to our area and she was very absentminded. My colleagues and I had to end up serving our guests. We had created a PowerPoint to play during the hour that we were there, which was sent to them several weeks before our event. When we arrived, it was not playing, and when asked for it to be shown on the screen, we were told it "didn't work" even though we were ensured it would be tested prior to our arrival. Would not return here personally or for business ever again.
5	Love this place! Awesome mix of electronic dance music, classy vibe. Please stay the same! Will be checking in often for a fun night of dancing and club life enjoyment :-)
3	My friend and I had 6pm reservations on a Friday night - way before the cool crowd showed up.  Our server was very nice and attentive.  (I feel so bad for the servers in high heels!!!!!!)  The food was good.  The B's cheese plate was generous but yet not memorable.  We also had the arctichoke and prosciutto pizza, tuna tartare and strawberry chevre salad.  All tasty but the dishes could have used seasoning.  For the money, we could have gotten better food elsewhere.  I also didn't like that they couldn't validate the $10 Epicenter parking.
1	We came here this weekend for the first time for my "cousin-in-law's" birthday.  We got bottle service and the server was nice and attentive.  However, the music was meh the majority of the night.  The crowd was fairly mixed as far as age goes.  I saw those that looked to be in their twenties to folks old enough to have grandchildren!  Here is why it gets one star:  My husband is Indian, therefore so is his cousin and everyone else in the party except for myself.  One of our friends (Indian) went to the DJ booth to request a song and birthday shout out.  The DJ informed her he didn't have a mic and couldn't play anything but house music.  Well, that explains the lackluster music.  However, just a bit later, the DJ had a mic and gave a birthday shout out to someone in the crowd!  What is that about?!?  So the birthday boy's wife (again, Indian) approached the DJ just a few minutes after that birthday announcement and requested one for her husband.  She was told the mic "blew out".  Hmmm.  Seemed a bit sketchy to me.  It seemed like racial discrimination to me, to be honest.  To give this place the benefit of the doubt, I, with my pale skin, went to the DJ booth to request a birthday shout out to my friend.  Sure enough, I was told by two people at the booth "No problem!".  Seriously?  I was dumbfounded, severely disappointed, and furious.  Guess I know why they wouldn't play the rap song we originally requested either...they don't want "to attract the wrong crowd"...I'll let you read between the lines on what I think they feel is the "wrong crowd".  This is unacceptable and I will tell everyone I know about this experience!
1	From what I was told, sneakers and boots are against the dress code. Being a private club, i have no problem with that. What I do have a problem with is allowing admission to 4 people with sneakers/boots right after denying admittance to my friend and I. I had on sneakers and my friend had on Polo moc-toe boots (def. not Timberlands). We were also given the excuse that the club was at capacity which was a blatant lie (we knew people already inside).  This is just another reminder of why I stopped going to clubs at the epicenter in the first place. My money is green, but when you don't fit the correct demographic it doesn't matter. And before you ask, we were completely calm and reserved.  Good luck if you try to go in the future. Maybe you know the right people,smh.
1	Okay let me preface this review by saying that I am not a big Epicenter club person. I like to go on occasion however this was a horrible experience. I understand that places like this want to seem elite and bigger than they are but they treated us pretty poorly. We went for a friends birthday and when we got there the place was dead empty! I understand that they have all these spots for bottle service only but we were a rather large party and we were dressed to impress and ready to spend some money. We were asked to move three times before they basically shoved us to the bar and said that was the only place we could be. We watched a lot of other people (who were not paying for bottle service) allowed in the other areas that we were not. I had one friend alone who spent like $600 that night not to mention we were a group of 10 plus more who joined later. I was so annoyed at our initial treatment that I just couldn't enjoy myself there and I for sure will never be back. Places have policies in place for a reason I get that but if you see a large group there to spend money you would think that common sense would dictate that you cultivate that and make allowances so they will spend more money. Regardless of treatment the place isn't laid out well, and the DJ wasn't very good. I didn't have a drink so I can't comment on the cocktails although I hear the bartenders were good. They at least were friendly where no one else who worked there was.
4	Very cute club. I love the big round booths and the huge photos of Classic Barbie on the walls. From what I understand on slow nights, you can usually get a table and have some tapas and drinks without that whole dance club aspect, but on key nights - Friday and Saturday - there will be a line and the entire place is converted for dancing and bottle service etc. so make sure you check what's up before you hit it.It is right next to Suite and has entrances on the 1st and 2nd floors.
4	I was in town for work and decided to check out Bubble on a Wednesday night.  My coworker and I sat at the bar and was told about the $5 Bubble Bites and half price wine. We're both wine drinkers so this was perfect.  We shared a margarita flatbread and med spread.  Both were very good, the pizza was crispy and the med spread came with flatbread and I ask for a side of carrots/celery...maybe consider adding veggies to the spread?  Bartender was nice and chatty, so overall a fun experience.  I'll be returning when I'm back in town.
1	I went to bubble because it was recomended by the sushi place in the center. The crowd is very young. They have very large creepy pictures of Barbie in the wall. Here is my assessment of my two hour visit to this establishment. Cons- the crowd is young. I heard four Miley Cyrus songs in one hour. I could not get a drink in this place to save my life. Total wait time at the bar was around 20 to 30 minutes. A strong drink would have been needed to drown out the teenies yelling "omg".  The bathrooms were a mess. And the bartenders not friendly. I did like the security guards and the way the place looked minus the Barbie pictures. There was  a fight probably due to the fist pumping and the guards did a great job handling it while making sure no on else got hurt.
5	So, I've been to Bubble a couple of times now, and I have to say that it's definitely where I choose to go when I'm at the Epicenter.  I'm a little older than I was in my best rug cuttin' days, so Suite and Whiskey River aren't quite as amazing as they used to be to me.  Bubble has an upscale feel to it, but the crowd is definitely a nice blend of good people to be in the company of.  During my last Bubble adventure, we decided to go with a bottle service table in the VIP area, based on the recommendation of a friend.  Excellent call!  Our service was amazing, and we never had to worry about an empty glass.  I wish I could tell you how the music was, but it wasn't a big part of the evening for us.  I guess that means that it wasn't horrible, but not memorable either.  Now, Bubble is known for their Champagne selection, but after one glass of Champagne, I'm typically ready for something a bit more....manly?  The liquor selection at Bubble certainly didn't disappoint.  The bartenders and wait staff were all friendly, and attentive for the entire evening, even as the it got later, and bar became more crowded.I will offer this advice though...if your a guy and you're wearing your visor, or flip flops, you may want to check out another venue.  When we arrived, I noticed a group of guys with flip flops on who weren't able to get in.  At a spot like Bubble, what people wear is part of the experience and decor of the place, so I guess I understand the dress code.  Then again, it's still Charlotte  :)I was pleasantly surprised by the great time that I had at Bubble, and will definitely stop back in next time I'm in Charlotte!
5	Every time I've been to Bubble my experience has been awesome. The dj and booths are top notch! Decor is very chic and the crowd is always filled with the young, trendy, and gorgeous people of Charlotte. I love the little patio where you can escape the music and dancing for a breather but still have access to the bar! Very clever! If you are looking for a club to dance out and look at hotties, this is your spot! Also Magnum Mondays are the most fun you can have on a Monday night! Mostly service industry peeps that are well behaved. Go and have fun!
5	Bubble is my favorite nightclub in Charlotte. I like the bartenders, Julie and Todd are great! The Bubble girls are all beautiful and the ambiance makes it a terrific night out in the QC. The clubs management always makes sure you're taken care of and are on point. It has a very unique design and the feel of a night out there is one of a kind. If you have never been you should definitely check it out.
3	Was ok, bought a groupon for a champagne fest. I really thought this was the type of place you go for champagne and caviar but I dont think so. The even was mad and so packed one could harly move but still it was fine. We had a good time and learned quick if you wanted something to eat, stand by the door. I also had a yelp promotion they were not going tohonor but gave us two glasses of champagne instead. It was really tasty. Thanks. I would limit the amount of tickets sold
5	Bubble is one of the hottest clubs in the QC. They have friendly staff and great bartenders. The Bubble girls are all beautiful and make sure you are well taken care when you have a table or bottle service. I also went to a Cakebread Vineyards dinner and wine pairing there. It was exquisite. I highly recommend visiting Bubble. You're guaranteed to have an amazing night out!
1	Such a sad display of service!!!The champagne was great, the apps were good, too!The problem is it took FOREVER to get the drinks and food. The server was slow and too busy socializing to help us.
5	Bubble is easily one of the best clubs in Charlotte and I think it's Monday night party known as Magnum Monday is quite possibly one of the best in town. From the front door staff to the VIP managers (ask for Billy) you always get the feeling they are here to make your night worthwhile. Once inside it's a free for all with a gorgeous outside balcony that overlooks the city. Great high end vibe to this club! Expect EDM music for the most part on the weekends!
3	Girl's Night out this Saturday night brought us to Bubble. The Management was very friendly and I loved the food. The wait for the food was significantly long, our group was quite large so we had two waiters of which one was wonderful and the other was kind of a sarcastic jerk. Loved the drink menu and the bathrooms were very clean. Our biggest issue besides the rude waiter and long wait for food was the annoying Techno music played by the DJ. We requested something different in the mix and were told he was not allowed to play anything else. After about 30 minutes it was to the point of boring. The atmosphere of people was kind of odd as well. Very Old Men with way too young for them women. I mean the men were 50+ & the girls were just that Girls who just turned 21. The wait staff for the drinks were dressed like Playboy Bunnies and I saw more than one drinking at the tables they were serving. The overall experience was more like a 1.5 but the food and drink menu brought it up to 3 stars. I will not go back nor would I recommend it to anyone. Revamp your music and fix your staffing issues and you could have a 5 star club.
2	Uptown is getting more and more over rated and inconsistent. I didn't even know Bubble had food!! You don't want to go before 11 and you must go after having had a few drinks. I will say that the staff is professional and courteous which can't be said about a lot of places in and out of uptown. I wish they drew in better DJ's. I keep hearing good things about Sunday brunch...TBC
4	Not a bad spot the food was good the service was excellent. I would come back again I haven't experienced the club part yet but when I do I will do another review.
1	If there was a way to give less than one star, I would certainly do so. In fact, I haven't written a yelp review in years and intentionally re-activated my account just to warn people of the horror that it this lounge/club. My friends and I love to get dressed up and go out, and this is one of few clubs/dance spots that require attire more formal than flannel and shorts. On one night when we wanted an excuse to wear a nice dress we set out for Bubble, where the bouncers at the entrance treated us like we were entering an exclusive Vegas club in jeans. Fine, bouncers are not supposed to be friendly, right? The bartender took about 40 minutes to get us our drinks, which was slightly more offensive because any girl whose skirt didn't entirely cover her bum received much more efficient service. But also, to be expected so it was fine.The end of the night when I was closing my tab, the bartender gave me my receipt but without the debit card. Again, paying no attention when I attempted to tell him this. Fed up, tired, and ready to leave I walked around the bar entrance to get his attention. Apparently I had gotten too close to the bartender, and at 5'3 and 125 lbs I must have been VERY threatening to him because he SHOVED me away from the bar! My reaction to being pushed, unfortunately (not proud of this part) was to push back, upon which 3 bouncers lifted me up and carried me out of the club. Now, I'd like to point out that (1) I was sufficiently sober because I had only managed about 3-4 drinks in the 5 hours I was there due to the slow service. (2) When I attempted to explain that he pushed me, they not only were unconcerned but refused to go inside and give me my card so I had to cancel it that night.Fast forward a few weeks I meet a bouncer for Bubble working at Alive After Five and told him my story. He apologized and gave me his number telling me to text him and he will ask his boss if perhaps we can have a bottle or some special treatment to make up for the event. Although I said I would never go back, I thought I would try again for a free bottle, why not?I texted the bouncer asking about it a bit later and of course his response was rude, short, and he didn't seem to remember who he was speaking with. What did I expect?? I have lived in Vegas and LA, where celebrities frequent some of the most famous clubs in the US and have never ever received such rude treatment. Never again!!
1	Bubble is by far the most racist atmosphere I have personally dealt with. I've been there many times with black males and we were told you MUST have a table to get in or they tried the "we are at capacity" BS ( mind you as we are still standing there, a group of "others" walk straight in with no problem) . Little did the doorman know, I know a coworker in there who confirmed the club was empty. SMH! The crazy thing is we were prepared to buy a table but Bubble staff couldn't see past our skintone, therefore we never got to that point. ALSO.....regardless of your race ladies, if you have one extra cookie worth of weight on you they WILL deny you entry! MY POINT HERE IS STAY AWAY FROM BUBBLE AND THEIR IGNORANCE. I AM CONTINUING TO SPREAD THE WORD. HOPEFULLY THEY WILL QUICKLY BE SHUT DOWN OR RETHINK THEIR NONSENSE.
4	Great place, just wish there was more space. Its trendy and fun, but the crowd can be too much
4	We went here for New Years Eve and it had a great ambiance. Drinks were a little pricey but we're good and music was great! There was some dancing but there wasn't a very big area to dance. They also had several areas set up for bottle service. The patio/balcony was my favorite spot as Bubble is on the second floor and it overlooked uptown charlotte. They had the windows behind the bar that overlook the balcony open so it wasn't too warm inside but it was nice to have the option to go outside too. Overall great experience.
