4	It was my first time at the Comedy Nest yesterday, and I enjoyed my experience. As a French Montrealer, I never think about going to a cabaret style Anglophone stand-up comedy.I had a great night in this cozy venue: beer/liquor on site, food available, and great comedians. As the other Yelper said, there is no washroom inside the Comedy Nest, but it's on the same floor really not far away, so it's really not a big deal!Great little place for people that want to laugh.
4	Great venue and lots of cool comedy, we went there on a night where the weather and the traffic were horrible because of a hockey game.  We were very few in the audience, but instead of making that an really awkward, situation as one might expect, we were treated to individual one on one time with the various comedians.  They were all real pros and we were also very well taken care of by the friendly staff.  I recommend trying something a little different catching a show with friends, it is fun.
4	Decor, setting and lighting needs some "enhancements" but great place to get some serious yuks.
4	Cheap stand up comedy shows. Good people. Sometimes they have repeats but overall good shows. They offer drinks and some snacks.
4	The Comedy Nest is a comedian owned club that hosts some pretty awesome shows. The first show I ever saw here was Eddie Pepitone and my most recent experience was a night of comedy and magic the headliner being Romaine and finished up by Jonathan Burns. It was a pretty amazing show, with David Acker hosting.Seating at the Nest can be tricky, and though we had very good seats, it is inevitable that there is going to be some big head in front of me. My advice, get there early to assure you get seats closer to the front of the house, but not right in front unless you are willing to be the subject of many jokes, don't worry, it's not personal.There are a few snacking items to choose from if you are famished, I can't speak to how they are. There's no substantial food here, and I don't think you can bring any into the club, so eat beforehand.Drinks are fairly expensive, $8 for a pint of Sleeman's and $5 for a soda. Order at least one drink, ideally two and tip your kind waitress. The Comedy Nest brings some top performers into Montreal and they deserve our support.And the bathrooms. It didn't matter that there are none inside the venue itself. It is just like there is no bathroom inside the movie theatre, just walk outside the performance area, on the same floor, and it's not far off. Geez, some people are real nits.
