1	Worst nail salon ever. I made the mistake of buying a Groupon for a mani/pedi here without really doing any research. Not a smart move on my part. The place was totally dusty and there was no AC. Being that it was like 90 degrees that day, it was hotter inside than outside. The manicurist, who was very chatty and nice enough for one star, didn't put any lotion on my hands, or clean my nails at all-- just quickly filed them and slopped on the polish. The top coat gathered in some parts and made it look thick and chunky- completely uneven. When I stuck my hand in the dryer, I accidently bumped and smudged a nail.....and her remedy (wait for it...) was to LICK HER FINGER AND BLOT HER SALIVA OVER THE POLISH. I just kinda stared at her in shock, unable to speak. Maybe folks in Castle Shannon are into this kind of vibe, but I will continue to stay within city limits the next time I feel like endulging. It was just a bad scene.
1	Everything about the pedi was ok except the polishing part.  12 hours later I had to wear shoes, and the polish smudged because it was slopped on so thick it never would have dried. As she was polishing my nails, I was thinking, "Man, that is way too thick!  It'll never dry!", but I didn't say anything because I thought maybe she had some super topcoat that would make the impossible possible.  Well, she didn't, and the polish stayed not just tacky, but downright WET for 4 hours, before I finally just SCRAPED the goop off and painted them myself.  I will never be back, and wish I had saved my $30 (I had a Groupon) and my $15 tip.  Should have just done them myself.
1	I would absolutely not return to this salon. My nail tech was nice enough, very chatty and personable. But the other techs there were very catty talking about everyone and their neighbor. The parrafin dip felt nice but the wax contraption was on the floor and very uncomfortable getting in and out of. Now on to the manicure. My natural nails were very long and I asked for a short/square shape. I got a strange mixture of short, semi short, square and round. The polish application was absolutely terrible, uneven and up to and over the cuticle with no clean up. I've never seen such a mess and can actually do a better job myself. This made me question whether or not she was professionally trained. I should have questioned her but at this point I just wanted to get out of there. I went home, removed the polish and reapplied myself. What a complete waste.
2	They do an okay job, but I find this place is VERY expensive and while they do an ok job, they don't do a great job.  You can find the same or better manicure near by, for half the price.
1	I had a mani pedi today and they were brutal....so painful!  Ask her to just push your cuticles back otherwise youre in for some pain.  She actually cut me during my manicure and I had to ask her to quit f ing cutting my cuticles it bled so bad.  It's like having the worst papercut you can imagine then it really did not feel good at all the one she put acetone on it.I literally had to take my hand away from her and say stop let's not mess with my cuticles anymore! The owner was sitting right there and didn't do anything or say anything. now I've got a gold sparkly nail with a nasty ass, scab around it  she apologized but she cut my freaking hand I was really unhappy and I will never go back. Also see the picture of the lovely job she did on the manicure the color was not on evenly and it looked like a five year old did it.  The pedicure it was really good but it was just so painful if you can book with somebody else but do not let this woman near your cuticles and tell her to be gentle because she certainly wasn't with me.Part of why I am so freaked out about being cut is that my nail got painted with that lovely sparkly gold nail polish while I was still kind of bleeding. That can't be hygienic I mean you should all know that I am perfectly healthy and hepatitis free, that is a communal bottle of nail polish! And I was bleeding! I feel like a kind of is a really big deal.Please know that I hate leaving bad reviews. But they made me bleed! And the pedicure was really really painful! I would like to stress again though that my feet look awesome. The salon was very very clean and the technicians were very nice.But I left stressed and bleeding!
