4	One of the top tier Hampton's we have stayed at, and we have been to a lot of them across the USA.  Quiet, comfortable, and great breakfast with ample eating area.  Within easy walk of The Strip.  The only Hampton with a full bar and slots for those who want to leave a little money in Vegas.  Highly recommend.
4	I've been to Vegas more times then I can count, and I've always stayed right on the Strip. This time was a little different though. Because of a delay, my airline (Us Airways) gave me a hotel voucher for the night. Ok, sure.To sum up my experience: I will be staying here the next time I am in Vegas! BFF and I were so happy with the Hampton Inn! They offer a free shuttle, which runs to the airport and also to the Strip. The location is great; although it's not right on the Strip, it is walking distance. It is caddy-corner from In-n-Out, for those familiar. The lobby and room were nicely decorated. I will be posting pictures of the room and bathroom. We were very impressed by the quality of the mattress and bedding. I was also impressed with the friendliness of the staff. Every single staff member, from the front desk to housekeepers, said hello with a smile to us. The Hampton Inn also offers a complimentary hot breakfast every morning.
5	awesome front desk staff!  Very friendly in a sincere wayRoom are great too.Sort of walking distance to the strip, if it's not 100 degrees out, but I'd still opt for a cab.Highly recommend this place.
5	I have always viewed Hampton Inn as an 'entry level' hotel, aka budget hotel, but this hotel has completely changed that image for me.I stay here on a regular basis as part of an airline crew, and each and every time I am greeted by a friendly staff throughout the hotel.  There is an ample workout room, a wonderful yet simple breakfast and a comfy and clean room waiting for me every time. Although this is not a casino, this is a wonderful place to stay.  It is located just a minute drive from the strip (a rather long walk though), and right next to In-N-Out burger, Jack in the Box and a few other fast food joints.there is also an airport shuttle that runs regularly and will drop you off at the strip!
4	$100 a room on weekends and as close as you can get to the strip major plus.... the place was very clean..... the rooms freshly painted...beds were super comfy.shower pressure on the first floor.. awfulinternational breakfast in the morning was good... the coffee was better..pool and jacuzzi was a plus only problem was we got a room right next to the pool and there were a lot of kids was kinda loud... oh well...big negative was we played at the bar and were charged for drinks the whole time no specials full price..??.. I guess that the neighborhood a few years back was really really bad like drug infested did not see any hints of a run down neighborhood the staff was very friendly and helpfull...will say I will come back here again
2	This is the only Hampton Inn I've ever stayed at that I was very disappointed with. Don't think I will ever stay at this particular location again.Being a Gold HHonors member, I don't feel like I needed to be treated like royalty, but do ask to be treated with respect. Unfortunately I feel like I didn't get much when I stayed here. I had specifically asked for a room upgrade, and when I arrived they said they'd already given them out. Not to other Gold members, but I guess just to random people. That wasn't fun. The second part that I did not enjoy was I specifically ask for rooms away from anything with noise - elevators/stairs/vending machines/etc. I'm here for work, not pleasure, so I need my rest when I can get it. They placed me in a room right next to the bar where plenty of people were outside, smoking, and being damn loud.That coupled with a faulty heater/cooling unit made for a very unpleasant stay. I did call in and ask for some help, but really wasn't met with any. They couldn't move me until later in the week, blah blah blah.After all of the problems I was having, I didn't complain directly again to the staff - I was sick with a fever of 101 and still had to work 11 hour days. So when I finally did recover and let the appropriate individuals know after my stay, they were more sympathetic. That's the only reason this place doesn't get 1 star.
3	A little bit off the strip, but van can take you there. However, unreliablity makes it faster to just walk. Van pickup from the airport is also unreliable.Breakfast is the usual Hampton, with a variety of hot and cold items. The hot items rotate from day to day. If you need to be somewhere after breakfast, go early as it will get crowded.If you're going to Vegas and want to spend money on other pursuits, this is a good choice, without sacrificing basic luxury.
5	This place is amazing, we booked last minute and it was still really cheap. The rooms are really nice, great air conditioner, and its practically walking distance from the strip. The rooms are as nice as some of the big name hotels in my eyes.
5	Great experience with the quite lounge area where I was able to do some reading.  The morning complimentary breakfast had more variety selections.  The best part, the location is only 1/2 mile from the south Las Vegas Strip, and lets not forget that In-N-Out Burger is literally right across the street from the Inn.
4	Friendly staff, nice rooms, close to the strip, yummy breakfast, reasonably priced, Hilton points.  We'll stay here again.
5	Great experience. While prices shot up at other places, we got a $99 deal for day of Friday booking for King bed.I did not notice any smells or neighborhood problems. Place is right off the freeway and a block away from the strip, close to Mandalay Bay.Bed was very comfy. Room comes with a little couch. AC felt amazing. The staff is fantastic and responsive. Very professional.No wireless in rooms but complementary access via Ethernet. In the lobby and bar / breakfast areas there is wireless. I will be back to Hampton Inn in the future.
5	This was my second stay at this hotel. It is always a great experience, nice and clean rooms, nice and new building, easy to park, very close to the strip and a great included breakfast. We booked it for $32 at an online travel website, and, again, great experience. Free internet (cable) at your room, free wi-fi at the lobby.I will definitely recommend it to a friend.
4	After finding out me and a group of my friends were unable to board a plane heading back to SF, due to the plane being downsized and due to there being no flights that would go out till the next day in the morning. The airline picked the hotel we were to stay at and we  were comped for a one night stay here. At first I thought, "Great, now they're going to make us stay at a crappy hotel," but when we arrived I was surprised and glad that it wasn't what I had originally thought it to be! We walked in and yes it is small but it's super cozy. We walked up to the front desk and the woman who helped us check in was really nice, she informed us of when our shuttle back to the airport would arrive, thanks! I was surprised she wasn't overwhelmed by the amount of people who probably came to check-in pissed off or irritated due to the airlines BIG mistake.When we opened the door to our hotel, it wasn't gross or deathly looking. It was really cute and cozy and the couch wasn't disgusting, it looked really clean! We were so glad to see that they had an exercise room, because after dealing with the whole airplane ordeal we needed to blow off some steam. The exercise room wasn't big, they only had a few machines and free weights. Overall I enjoyed my stay!
1	definitely not worth the money.  there was no remote control in the room, the heat/air did not work, the phne did not work, the supposedly white towels were dingy and the  staff literally sucked.
4	I like all the Hilton properties, esp the Hampton Inn.  Very clean room and great staff....the breakfast was ok but not that important.  Free shuttle the airport and spots on the strip is a HUGE plus.  Also next too a ton of fast food and convience stores on foot.  Would stay again.
3	Yelp has this place listed twice. The one on Industrial Rd is the same as this place. A bit odd.Overall, this is nicer than your typical Hampton Inn. It's all in a South Pacific theme and the lobby area has a staffed bar, which I've never seen in a Hampton property. Staff was quite genuinely friendly. The place seems clean and rooms are outfitted very nicely. I have one major gripe, though, and I would never stay here on business again because of it. There's no WiFi in the guest rooms. They have wired connections available, but I hate being tied to the desk. There's WiFi in the lobby area (very sluggish, though) but that's it. The value was great and proximity to The Strip was fantastic.
4	If you want to go to Vegas and stay in a casino, then do yourself a favor, spend the extra cash and stay on the strip.  Or maybe on Fremont.  But if you're just looking to save some cash without having to risk sleeping on dirty sheets next door to the Clampetts, go for a name brand hotel where you know what you can expect.That's what you get with the Hampton Inn.  You know you'll have clean sheets and spacious accommodations.  Most of the people there will be families or business travelers.  In this case, there were also several flight attendants and pilots.Each morning I got a free paper, a smoke-free environment, a quiet room, and a complimentary breakfast--and while the cooked food didn't look great, I was happy to take a banana, some yogurt, and some hot coffee.  I think the rate was around $80 a night and it was a $10 cab ride from the center of the strip, around $20 to Fremont.  If I have one complaint, it's that the A/C was a bit on the loud side.  It didn't rattle and it wasn't irregular.  It was just kind of loud.You can definitely find a few cheaper places on the strip--or cheaper off strip hotels--but at least you know what you're getting here.
4	So we had been driving all day, having started early morning from Grand Junction, Colorado.  The Nevada desert was killing us; we'd hadn't seen anything interesting since the 20 miles of Arizona canyon about 2 hours prior.  What is that up ahead?  Could it be civilization?  OMG, it think it's Las Vegas!  Our first time in Vegas, but tired, we couldn't wait to get to our hotel.  This was back in the year 2000....We had decided to hotel hop, staying at a cheaper one off the strip the first night.  When we reached the Hampton Inn, dusk was falling on Vegas.  Our room had a great view of Luxor's pyramid, the lights ascending and descending the perimeter.  The room was very comfortable and much nicer than typical Hampton Inns.  The room was a welcomed reprieve from our desert travels.The following morning, we feasted on the best Hamptom Inn breakfast I've had to date.  We also enjoyed toying around with slots in the lobby (they actually pay out).  Every subsequent road trip Vegas (there has been 4 more) has included a stay at this Hampton Inn.  During our last visit in 2007 the hotel was undergoing renovations.  Our renovated room was extremely nice and the room was as clean as always.  Give this place a try if you're looking for a nice, cheaper alternative to the strip that's only a few blocks away.
1	As the hotel is rather nice and the facilities are great. Everyone should be for warned that the General Manager at this hotel has the worst customer service.  On par with a cheap slum motel in the most ghetto part of the country you can imagine.  There are many thousands of hotels to choose from on and off the strip in las Vegas, I would recommend choosing another before booking at this location.
5	$94/night.  I'm giving it a 5 star rating because you can't find a decent hotel under 100 bucks, let alone in Vegas.  Room was clean, bed was clean, non smoking room did not smell of smoke or febreeze!  I took my free continental breakfast outside and sat by the beautiful pool and enjoyed the morning (before it got crazy hot).   Staff was super friendly one day, not so much the next day.   Different employees.  Shuttle will take you to tropicana and Mandalay bay and will also pick you up at designated times.
4	I checked into the Hampton on a Labor Day weekend. There was no long line, and no check in fuss. The receptionist was kind, and quickly executed the process. The lobby was not as fancy as the bigger hotels, nor furnished with floral arrangements,  but I was impresses nonetheless. They kept the lobby very clean, organized, and inviting.My room was located on the 1st floor, and it was the best floor to be on! It was close to the gym, pool, lobby, and parking. This hotel offers many amenities. Free internet in the room, free internet in the business center 24 hr, free fresh coffee in the lobby 24 hr, fitness center, laundry room, and my favorite-free breakfast buffet 6-10am. And you won't be disappointed with the food either.The rooms are like pleasing, and looks new. They upgraded their tv's to flat screen tv's. Aesthetically, I cannot complain; the walkways to the rooms look new too, like they've just repainted the walls and put in new carpeting.The pool was smaller than what I'm used to, but the design and layout was very accommodating. All the chairs were cushioned, like the ones at the Palms. Their were plenty of tables and chairs underneath shades for people who just want to relax and not tan. This, too, was aesthetically pleasing.Thank you Hampton, for making this trip so pleasant and hassle-free! I will be back.
4	This is a great hotel to stay at near the strip when you don't have a lot of money. I was there the weekend on July 28th. There was a little trouble after check in but everything was sorted out. There were 6 girls in the room with 1 bathroom! It wasn't too bad actually =] I had a blast. We tried to be up for the breakfast but trust me, with the nights we had we didn't wake up until after noon. HEY IT'S VEGAS! I had a blast! Rooms were pretty big and clean. Even for 6 girls there was a lot of space for us. I will definitely return when the strip is too expensive. Oh and I forgot to say that it's really really close to the strip. It's only a u-turn away. It's in a great location.
5	ok 5 stars because I dont give bad ratings, but few things can be improved like shower need to step up from 80 dark era lol and I do still smell cigarets smell in a lobby. Location is absolutely amazing and for it price it is a 5 stars place. Clean and friendly.
1	I made a reservation for an employee of mine on a Friday to check in on the following Wednesday for a month-long stay (a $2300 reservation).  When I called for a credit card authorization form so our company could pay for that, I was told that credit card authorization forms had to be submitted a week in advance.  I said "Well, I wasn't able to do that because I didn't know we'd be sending him out until today" and I was told that Chris West would have to approve it, but she was gone until Monday.  I called back a couple of times for her on Monday and left messages and never heard back.  I finally called and had to threaten to cancel our reservation before they would FINALLY send me a credit card authorization form (this was on Tuesday morning).   I got confirmation that the form was received, but told that Chris West was the only person who could approve that.  I still was never able to reach her.  My employee arrived and tried to check in today, only to be told that, because they did not receive the form 7 days prior to his stay, they wouldn't be able to charge our company card.   I advised him to cancel the reservation and we moved him to the Fairfield Inn and Suites down the street.It's unbelievable that a hotel chain like this would choose to not honor a perfectly valid form (even though we have had other Hampton Inns accommodate us, even on the same day) and choose to lose a reservation worth $2,300.   This hotel will NEVER get our business again.   We have 2-5 more people scheduled to go out within the next month, all for month-long stays.  We are also advising our client to not stay at this hotel as well.My employee also advised me that the ladies at the front desk were extremely rude to him from the moment he arrived.  Never a good thing.
4	Guys and gals, most Hampton Inns are going to give you a good room, good bed to sleep in, no thrills, but solid rooms. This location does not disappoint. They do have a bar and some slots in the main lobby area. Solid location, just about 0.3 miles from the Tropicana/MGM Grand/NYNY corner of the strip. If you are using a cab probably $5 bucks and across from the hotel is an in and out burger (which is awesome too). This hotel does provide a shuttle to/from the airport to the hotel. Again, very solid. Enjoy!
4	Hotel stay was awesome, and so was the friendly folks at the front desk (except the big older black dude).  First we get to our room and someone's luggage was in there, strange, so i call the front desk n he says to just come back down n they will issue me another room.  I get down there n big brutha man didnt wanna hear my complaint just acted like he was super busy(even tho there were no other guests at the desk he was tending to) and had another room key ready for me and wasnt tryin to hear me.  I told him what an inconvienance it was, and he said he'd have his boss call me up at my new room in a few, see what they can do 4 me.  I forget all about it and about 10 mins later, an angel named Malia Tomas (Asst Mgr)calls my room and apologizes for the inconvenience, i start to complain a lil and she sweetly interjects and asks what is it I would like done? I say an upgrade would be nice, she confirms that I was asking for a suite? I say yes, she says no prob, come on down to the front desk and get the key.  The suite was great, free breakfast was great, the pool was great, shuttle driver was great, Malia was awesome and friendly to us the whole weekend as we came in n out (she even allowed me to push back our check out time!)  I will def stay here again.
5	For the price...this place was awesome. The room was really nice and the location wasn't ridiculously far off the strip. The king single had a couch with a desk plus free wifi during your stay.For under $120 for a weekend during the summer..... You can't beat that at all!
4	I stay here because it's close to where I work when in Vegas, but I would happily stay here on a vacation as well. If you want to be in the middle of Vegas and have immediate access to the gambling and glitz, this is NOT the hotel for you- but if you want peace and quiet but still be close to the action- then you've found a great choice. There is no casino here, only a small bar and best of all- no CIGARETTE SMOKE. Plus it's not a mile walk to get to your room. As you walk out of the lobby, there in front of you lies Vegas in all its glory, either a 10 minute walk or quick taxi ride. They have a shuttle to/from the airport. There is an In-N-Out Burger across the street which is great for people watching as you eat your tasty burger. All in all, this is a great hotel in Vegas- just NOT on the strip.
5	Beautiful rooms and their GM (Christine, I think) was amazing! So, nice and accomidating! Will visit again!
1	I stayed here on July 8th and woke up to 50 - 100 bedbug bites all over my body.I complained to the hotel, they contacted their exterminator, and a couple days later reported back that there were no signs of bedbugs in the room.  Oh really?  I compared my bites to online photos and am quite sure they were bedbug bites.  They either have an incompetent exterminator (I doubt it) or are liars in order to avoid liability, since it can be quite disruptive and expensive if the bugs hitch a ride home in your clothing or luggage and need to be cleared from your residence.  A manager offered me a free single night's stay right back in the same infested hotel.  Obviously I turned down such an exciting offer!I complained to Hilton Corporate and after a month long run around they gave me a single night's stay at any property.  It's quite underwhelming considering the number of HOURS it took to quarantine and clean my clothes and luggage to ensure that no bedbugs entered my home.   Not to mention the bites hurt and itch.In case you care, aside from the bedbugs and horrible customer service, it was a pretty standard Hampton Inn, which I normally consider to be nice for the money.The only reason I was at the hotel was because my Southwest flight was cancelled.  For my trouble Southwest gave me $300 in travel vouchers.    So, will I fly Southwest in the future?  Absolutely, because their only fault was selecting the hotel, yet they at least seemed to care that my experience was pretty miserable.   Will I ever pay to stay at a Hampton Inn or Hilton in the future?  Very highly unlikely due to very questionable integrity and horrible customer service.NOTE:  Google - this property and bedbugs.   This is NOT an isolated incident.  Beware - it's not worth the risk!
4	This place is great the prices to stay here are awesome and the service is superb. It's right off the freeway and close to the strip. It doesn't really have a theme like most of the places I've stayed at in Vegas but its better than a motel 6. They have a outside pool and Jacuzzi, flat screen tv's with sofas in the bedrooms and nice full size mirror so you can check yourself before you hit the strip. They serve a complimentary breakfast i the morning which i was a bit iffy about but was actually very good. I highly recommend this place
4	We were in Vegas for a conference. I had brought my family of 4 (with 2 boys ages 3 and 5) so the casino environment wasn't for us. I stay at Hampton Inn alot on business, so this one appealed to me when we made the reservation. It was the right call for sure. The room was clean and large enough for us. We weren't right on top of each other and had plenty in the way of linens and towels for all of us. Free internet for my wife and I is always a plus at a Hampton. Free Parking and if you got there at the right time, there is a garage in the back of the lot, which is very important in August when the temps are 100+.The boys loved the pool. Larger than the typical Hampton Inn, and had a waterfall, but if you are looking for a Vegas sized pool, you'll be disappointed. That said, again, perfect for us. There were always a few people around, but never overcrowded. Also a hot tub next to it, and so we took advantage of that too. Free breakfast was a must since we are all breakfast eaters. There were some small tables and some community tables, so we got to talk with other guests. Nice chats and new friends to talk with. The food was standard Hampton Inn free breakfast stuff, not cooked to order or gourmet, but filling and free. There is a bar in the lobby, but no smoking. I'm not a drinker, so not a big deal for me, but for those who like a night-cap, it is available. In N Out across the street was nice. Being from the east, I don't get it often, but took advantage of that. The shuttle to the MGM is scheduled, though since we had a car, we didn't use it. The location was super convenient to the MGM, Tropicana, Luxor and Mandalay Bay on the south side of the strip. Also you can use the road next to the hotel to get up the strip to other properties (Dean Martin Blvd.) and not get bogged down on the Strip if you're wanting to go up to the Flamingo/Treasure Island area. There is also an airport shuttle, but we didn't use it either.Overall, pleased with the hotel, clean room, good quality, friendly staff, great location. I would stay here again for sure.
5	We recently stayed in Vegas and after our airline messed up our flights again (Dont fly Spirit Airlines) they ended up having to buy us a hotel for the night.  The people at the front desk could tell that we had been having a rough day and that we were completely worn out.  The two men that were working on Sunday night (October 21) were some of the nicest people I have ever met.  They were very accommodating, nice, and understandable of our situation!  The room was very clean and surprisingly big!  I highly recommend staying at this hotel!
4	Double check that they have suites available with 2queen beds instead of the normal rooms with 2 doubles
4	Clean, fresh, decently sized room for New Year's Eve. A short walk on the freeway bridge to the strip (seemed pretty safe) and a cheap cab ride to the Rio/Palms. Close to In&Out and the gas station right next door has snacks/drinks. I've stayed at some of the nicest Hotels on the strip and I would honestly stay here again for a short stay. It is kind of inconvenient to not be attached to a casino, however, I survived.
4	I'm going to stay in so many hotels the rest of this year, that I'm going to try to figure out how to sum up the PROS of a property in 5 words or less, in order of importance to me:CleanComfortableQuietFriendly InternetI can't do 5 words.  I spent 3 nights here last week.  The lobby is under construction for the next week I think, so there was no in-house booze while I was there, but it will be back soon.  Breakfast was fine.  Nothing outstanding about it, nothing bad either.  Staff is top notch here.  Free parking and easy access to the strip without the noise.   Would have been nice to have a mini-fridge in the room for yogurt and water.  Oh who am I kidding?  For ginger ale to go with my Jameson.
3	Having just checked out of the Mandalay Bay, it is hard to feel entirely fair in reviewing a Hampton Inn but here goes.One thing that I appreciated right away is that they have a lot of plugs, and in addition to those plugs, they even have USB plugs.  The problem with the USB plugs in our room seems to be that they are only doing a "trickle" charge. I don't know if something is wrong with them, or they are designed this way. But a phone at 25% was only at 55% 7 hours later.  I ended up just having to put the "Plug" adapter on and using that to get a full charge.  Still, plus several points for the idea.  Normally I have to unpack my extension cord to get extra plugs.I PERSONALLY feel these beds are more comfortable than the ones at Mandalay Bay, but my wife disagrees with me, so its obviously a personal taste thing.Wifi was decent, but a big janky.  Certain sites inexplicably didn't work (Dropbox & Foodspotting for example) but other sites were fine. I don't know if this was a temporary situation or not because we were only there one night, but when I have free Internet I want ALL of the Internet, not just some of it.  Still, it worked enough to write this review and wasn't as crappy as it was over at Mandalay. (To be fair to Mandalay Bay on this point the Microsoft Management Summit WAS going on, so EVERYONE needed Internet to survive).Overall, the price is good considering how close to the strip you are.  Also, Free Breakfast!I would certainly come back and stay here in the future.
4	Clean, affordable, comfortable and friendly staff except for the shuttle driver. The hotel is a walkable distance to the strip. Breakfast was a standard continental breakfast, but has some variation each day.This is definitely a way to go if you want a great stay in vegas without paying the outrageous strip hotel charges.
4	The Tropicana seems to be the quietest of the 4 hotels on this corner. However it still has plenty going for it.  It is clean and spacious.  Plenty of gambling.
3	This is probably the best Hampton Inn I've ever seen! They have a full bar and $4 Southern Comforts (after the Foursquare/Yelp deal)! They should all be like this! The people are very helpful and the location is very close to the strip. It was a nice place to use points on to avoid the high cost of the big hotels on the weekend while still having all the same access to everything except for a casino (which isn't necessarily a bad thing after being here for a week). The rooms are clean. The only reason they don't get four stars is because you have to call for a cab instead of just walking out and getting one like you do everywhere else. It's a nice place to spend a weekend if you need a break and you have enough points for a free weekend.
4	A/C is very loud but great location and very reasonable prices for the weekend,  free breakfast(decent one too).  Rooms are clean and re-modeled.  They offer shuttle to and from the airport and to the strip.  You can actually walk to the strip, it would take you about 15 minutes.  Easy access to the I-15 freeway.Tip: you may want to stay here for the good weekend rates and the casinos on the strip during Sunday to Thursday nights.
1	Literally worst hotel I've ever stayed in. I just stayed here for presidents weekend with my volleyball team and it was by far the worst experience of my life. The rooms were TINY with small beds and sheets that wouldn't even stay on the mattress. The hotel staff refused to help us with a solution to getting a small cot in the room for one of the girls who actually had to sleep on the ground, thanks a lot Steve. The breakfast was disgusting. We called housekeeping two nights in a row yet they still wouldn't bring up fresh towels. If you wanted something, you had to walk downstairs and get it yourself..... WHO DOES THAT?! I mean it was ridiculous and I know we may be young but we would still like to be treated as any other guest would. Not to mention my friend woke up with bed bug bites ALL over her legs this morning and having a busted air conditioning system. All in all, it was terrible. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I honestly would've rather stayed in a motel 6.
3	Reasonablly priced
4	Close enough to the strip to walk if you want of 10 by cab. Felt safe, which in Vegas off strip isn't always the case. Left my top down on the car, only prob in the morning was the yellow Lamborghini parked next to it :)Clean room, quiet, easy check in and super nice staff. AM breakfast manager was helpful. Downside?  Pool was just closed for renovations...in June...really?  Why not January?
4	I was impressed by this hotel. The price was very reasonable so I wasn't expected anything great but was pleasantly surprised! The room was spacious and the bed was very comfortable and very clean. The free breakfast was more than expected. They served a yummy omelettes, sausage, homemade waffles, cereal, fruit, bagels, English muffins, and toast. They also had a 24 hour little mini mart and free coffee (also yummy) 24 hours a day. The pool was sparkling and clean and towels were provided. I recommend this hotel for those who don't want to stay on the strip but still want to be close. It's a great value and a nice stay for those who want a low key environment away from the strip.
4	Decent location, although there are a lot of hookers close by. Great breakfast, get a room overlooking the pool it's quieter. The only thing that I did not like was the Manager, a big black guy, had an attitude about everything.
5	This hotel is a hidden gem. Everyone here from the front desk clerk to the cleaning crew to the people to help set up breakfast are very very nice. Our room was very nice we had a couch and ottoman in the room along with the desk and chair to do some work the bed was extremely comfortable in the bathroom was nicely set-up. They do have a happy hour every day between 3&7 were you can give for drinks. They have a little area also where you can purchase snacks and drinks and microwave some food.  their workout area is extremely awesome you going there and they have towels already said that for you for working out so you don't have to bring a towel from your room. When the hubby and I went to breakfast there was a guy that works there by the name of Kevin he was very nice and very helpful to everyone. There is a wide variety for breakfast you have scrambled eggs bacon they have waffles in with the waffles they have four machines so you can make your own waffle and you don't have to wait in a long line to make waffles. They also had fruit and yogurt and oatmeal different variety of pastries and breads. you definitely had a variety to choose from. Kevin walks around and introduces himself and tells you to let him kno if you need anything he also takes your plates pretty much it's like having a waiter there at breakfast. Overall the hubby and I will be staying here again. Its not far from the strip at all and they do have shuttle service to Mandalay Bay and Tropicana. If you're not into the hustle and bustle of the strip this is the place to be
4	I was so impressed with this hotel.  For the price, the pool was awesome.  You don't find a pool like that at Hampton Inns usually so it was a nice surprise.  The room and beds were clean and comfy as usual.  This is a little bit older hotel but seems like theyve remolded and kept the rooms up to date the best they could. Also the brunch server Keven Jackson was so friendly and incredibly helpful. We've stayed at this hotel twice and he was just as nice both times we went.
4	My family and I took a trip to Vegas and our previous choice of hotel was a bad experience. So we had to find another hotel and we came upon this gem. Beautiful hotel, great price, super clean and free breakfast. Oh and a nice clean pool! What more could you ask for? The service was great and the rooms were spotless. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Vegas. Its about 1-2 miles west of the strip but not a far drive back. I give it 4 stars because I feel like the breakfast should be open a little longer ( only open 6-10 ) and the pool wasn't heated. Although it's Vegas the pool is in a spot where the sun does not hit the water so its always freezing. PS there is an in n out literally across the street!
4	We love this place. Away from the smoky casinos. Clean room. Clean bed. Great breakfast. Enjoyable pool. Thank you Roddell for your help in securing 2 rooms for my family of 6!  Can't wait to return .
4	This was a nice hotel within walking distance from the strip. They keep it clean and all of the staff I had dealings with were very courteous and professional. They have a ton of parking so you shouldn't have to worry about not getting a spot even when returning from a late night on the town. They have a 3 story garage when the lot fills up.They have a bar in-house and you get a discount on drinks if you're staying there, not sure what or how much as I had friends staying on the strip so I was hanging with them.The rooms were well kept, stocked sufficiently with toiletries and towels. The shower had decent water pressure which was nice. There was a single serve coffee maker, hair dryer, iron and ironing board in the room. No in room safe or fridge though. Flat screen TV with a decent selection of channels. Free in room wifi and they had a bunch of plugs to keep all of your gadgets charged, even had USB chargers!The free breakfast wasn't really good, it was a bit of an upgrade from a continental type breakfast. There were 3 waffle irons to make your own waffles, hot cheese omlettes (appeared premade with the eggs that get poured from a box) and some type of meat (sausage patty on my first day) along with the rest of your standard continental offerings. Waffles were the highlight, I've had better bagels from the freezer at the grocery store.My only real gripe was that there was no in room fridge. I overheard a group of highschool kids talking about having a fridge in their room. There was a large group staying there for some type of band event. I am a HiltonHonors member and would think they should have given that option to me, not because I am better/older/etc than the kids but because I am a 'Frequent flyer' at their hotels.
5	I'm a big fan of Hampton Inn and this is a very good one!  All of the usual Hampton amenities in a great location.  It's off the strip but just barely and offers free shuttle service to the Tropicana.
3	I'm struggling with how many stars to give this Hampton Inn.  It has its pros and cons.  We stayed here during our visit to Las Vegas in October. We were looking for an inexpensive place to stay, on or near the strip, which was also safe and clean.  I went with the Hampton Inn since it was a name I was familiar with and knew I have a decent place to stay. The Hampton Inn did offer those accommodations.  As a place to lay our heads, this hotel offered exactly what we needed: a spacious, clean room, a comfortable bed, and a generous complimentary breakfast, which accommodated this vegan quite well.  Fresh made oatmeal every morning (like, actual oatmeal, not the instant crap) with various toppings, and a pretty decent variety of fresh fruit.  The breakfast also included some eggs, meats, waffle irons for you to pour your own waffle, bagels, muffins, a couple varieties of bread, not to mention a few selections of coffees, teas, and juices.  Overall, quite a nice spread for a hotel breakfast.  My only issue with this hotel is the location.  They advertise themselves as being only two blocks from the strip.  I assure you, these are not city blocks.  It's easily a 20 minute walk for two fit people, forcing you to walk under one rather sketchy overpass where a few homeless people hung out.  We would not do this walk at night, opting to take a cab to get back after dark. The hotel does offer shuttle service to the strip at designated times, but only goes go a couple of locations, all the way at the southern end of the strip.  Las Vegas in general requires a lot of walking, and adding an extra 20+ minutes to the trip each way was definitely tiring. Other note:  The wi-fi was quite slow, but that's typical of a hotel.  Overall, neither of us were huge fans of Las Vegas, so I don't see us returning, but if we do, we'll definitely be staying at a hotel right ON the strip.
