5	This place is great!  Excellent service, delicious food, and great atmosphere!!!  They're pad thai is good and my friend got a delicious (but very spicy) tilapia dish with peppers.  Another friend got the green curry which had just the right amount of heat.  We brought a few bottles of wine and had an excellent evening :-)
4	This place was fabulous - the best Thai I've had in Pittsburgh so far.  Some of the best anywhere, truly!  We came on a Sunday night around 6 pm, and there were only 2 other tables in the restaurant.  We got a table out on the sidewalk to enjoy the beautiful weather and people watching.  We didn't feel like boozing, so we only had water and didn't B our OB, but we'd love to come back with a bottle of wine in the future.We started with the green papaya salad, which neither of us had ever eaten but I know it's basically a staple of Thai cuisine.  I would highly recommend it as a fresh, light appetizer.  It is spicy (we asked for everything to be level 3 spicy = "American Spicy"), but it certainly wasn't too much to handle.  You can very clearly taste all the flavor components - sweet, spicy, sour, salty - and they blended beautifully.  Love the crunchy peanuts and tang from fish sauce.Then we got the Massaman Curry with lamb, and then we got something off their "authentic" menu - it isn't on the regular printed menu, but it IS on the paper take out menus.  I have no idea what it was called, but it consisted of pork belly and tiger prawns over glass noodles in a gingery broth, cooked in a clay pot.  Wow.  The curry was just incredible - the rich sauce was one of the best examples of Massaman curry I've ever eaten.  We both loved it.  The lamb was fork tender, and the dish was really divine.  The "authentic" clay pot dish was great too - served VERY hot, fresh off the coals.  It took a long time for it to cool enough to be eaten.  It was delightfully savory, with a soothing, special flavor that was lovely when the sauce coated the noodles.  The pork belly was extremely fatty - honestly, it literally seemed like pieces of pork fat, nothing more.  I know that it's a very fatty cut of meat, but I'm pretty sure I've eaten it elsewhere and had at least *some* meat - these pieces were nothing but fat.  Tasty fat, but fat nonetheless.  The shrimp were tender and lovely though, and the broth was beautifully seasoned.The prices were very similar to Bangkok Balcony and other upscale Thai places.  Massaman was $16, and I forget how much the authentic dish was....$14 I think?  Still, the quality is really excellent and I think it's worth the price.  I'd love to get takeout from here sometime.This was a 4 1/2 star review easily, I think with a repeated excellent visit it could be bumped up to a 5.  Great addition to Highland!
4	A very reasonable Thai place in the heart of Shadyside.  It pains me every time we walk by this place, because it looks so empty compared to Mad Mex.  But really, people, you should give Kanok a chance!  The pad thai was one of the best we've had in the Burgh so far, and the curries are done well.  Add to that sophisticated decor and gracious service (and not having to wait hours to get a table plus having to scream over the table at your eating companions) - what's not to like?My only reservation about the place is their pricing - it seems somewhat out of line with other Thai places in the area.  It's a little on the high side, but still worth it.
4	This use to be Typhoon. I came here for lunch at 11:30am when they open, and Kanok was empty. The four of us had our pick of seating so we sat outside since the heat was tolerable. $8 items on their lunch menu - I thought that was reasonable. Ordered the bbq pork with rice and veggies. It was light and just enough food. Waitress was friendly and checked in on us periodically; and was helpful in providing a high seat for the baby. She also split up our checks separately. I would return for lunch.
2	I'm really surprised at all of the 4 and 5 star reviews.  We have a plethora of Thai restaurants to choose from in Pittsburgh and this was not the best by far.  My husband's entre was supposed to come with a Thai sunny side egg on top . . . the egg was fried so hard that it was almost unrecognizable and amount of chicken in his dish was sparse.  My eggplant and tofu dish was better but I've had this at many other Thai restaurants and there was almost no sauce on it -- still the flavor was good.  This was an ample portion and I ended up taking half of it home.  There was a relatively small amount of rice for such a large serving.  On the positive side, my fresh roll was good, as was my husband's spring roll.  We shared a fried banana with coconut ice cream which was also good.  The low star rating is because there are  much better Thai restaurants in Pittsburgh.  One of my favs at present is Pusadee's Garden on Butler St.Oh, and it is expensive for what you get.
4	Short: 4.5 base stars for the food itself.  -.5 for spotty service, -.5 for value.  Rounding up because we may have missed the best stuff.Long:  I showed up as part of a party of four the night before Thanksgiving.  Our order consisted of four entrees and an appetizer.  We would have ordered a soup as well but they do not serve soup for the table, only for individual servings.Papaya salad is a mainstay appetizer of many Thai restaurants.  The papaya salad here was shredded finer than I've had it at other places, which worked well to show off their hot pepper and fish sauce.Pumpkin curry here is a red curry, which I had with tofu.  The spice mix is solid, and the taste of the pumpkin blends in well.  I have not seen this dish offered in any other Thai resturants and I am impressed with its showing here.Woon Sen Kee Mow was a bit unconventional in that it had a sweet tamarind sauce.  I am more used to Kee Mow that is balanced by the sweetness of green pepper, but with the rest of our meal it actually worked well.Pad Cha Tofu was solid.  My gf especially appreciated the pickled peppercorns in the spice mix.Unfortunately the bbq pork special is just char siu.  I still thought it was decent char siu.  The pork had a good clean taste, and the added sauce turned it into a interesting Thai dish, but be aware that it is Thai Chinese food, not really orthodox Thai.One of the reviews below mentions an authentic menu.  We were not aware of the authentic menu's existence when we went.  Based upon my experience with the American menu, I would recommend getting something (if not your entire meal) off of the authentic menu if you go here.  The kitchen cooks authentically, and the chef has clearly given good thought to the house spice mixture.If I ever come to Pittsburgh again, I would order an entire meal off the authentic menu.
3	I liked my dessert (fried bananas and coconut ice cream) and the appetizer (mussels steampot) best. The Seafood Hot Pot was interesting to eat and behold, but I felt the broth was a little strong for my tastes. The atmosphere was very chic, romantic, intimate, and quiet. The service was fine. Other than that, I have nothing else to add to my boyfriend's review.
5	My fiance and I ate here on New Years Eve. We ordered the pad thai and the Mussaman lamb curry, and it was fantastic. The lamb was so tender it fell apart on my fork.For dessert, we got the black sticky rice with coconut milk and longan (a lychee-like fruit, but firmer and sweeter). It was so good we ordered seconds.Actually, we had made reservations at Plum, a thai/japanese place down the street. The food we had ordered there was so bad, we came to Kanok *after* that for a second (infinitely better) dinner.
5	Without hesitation, 5 stars.The food is fantastic. Unlike many thai places in pittsburgh, the food was flavorful and well prepared. This places puts restaurants like Plum and Thai Place to shame. Honestly. The food is on par with Smiling Banana Leaf, if not better. The ambiance is also wonderful. The restaurant is beautifully decorated. It's good for casual meals, but I'd also go there for more formal occasions. This place is also convenient. It's located right on S. Highland and they've got enough tables such that it's unlikely you'd have to wait or make a reservation.
3	I was interested in trying this place as I enjoyed the previous Thai restaurant at this location and wanted to see the differences.  So last week a dining companion and I ate here for dinner.  After walking through a curtain to get into the restaurant you could see that the decor of the restaurant was very aesthetically pleasing with classic colors.My dining companion and I split the papaya salad to start off.  It was a nice sized salad with a slightly sour dressing that was pleasing to my palate.  They were not much lettuce and only two nice sized shrimp but it made for a decent appetizer.  For dinner I decided upon the red curry, extra spicy, which is pretty much a staple for me at Thai restaurants.  It more than compared to most of the other Thai restaurants Red Curry in the area and was tasty.  My only complaint about the meal was the limited amount of rice that we received.  As with many Thai restaurants, the rice dish is split between two people and while my dining companion probably only had her share, there was not enough rice to put my extra curry on whenever I was finished which was a shame.The bottom line is that if I am looking for Thai in the area that I would be back.  It is much cheaper that Typhoon while serving what I would consider more authentic Thai food.  Wine drinkers should also note that it is BYOB with a more than reasonable $3 per bottle.
4	For once, I strayed from my standard order of pad thai to the Kanok specialty, the spicy basil chicken.  As the name implies, it is very spicy, so I'm glad I asked for mild.  That said, it was excellent--the amount of basil was perfect.  The rice comes on the side, which I added immediately to help soak up the spicy sauce.  Bonus: there was so much food that I was able to take home a doggy bag that stretched into two additional meals.The service was so-so.  The ladies who waited on us were lovely, but they hovered.  Kanok doesn't get very crowded yet since it's only been open since the summer, so they were overstaffed for the large space.  The servers stood behind our table for most of the meal, which was slightly uncomfortable.The atmosphere is serene and the decor chic.  This is the largest and the most upscale-looking of the Pittsburgh Thai restaurants.  Definitely not claustrophobic like Spice Island.Finally, it's BYOB.  The corkage fees are $3 for wine, $1 for beer (each), and $1 for liquor set-up.  This was the first time I've seen set-ups offered in Pittsburgh, well, even anywhere outside of the Memphis...a nice surprise.  The beer fee seems a little steep, but you could always bring a growler to get around that.
4	Another great Thai place! Nothing unique from the other places in town, but that's fine by me as long as they do it right!If you've read my other reviews of Southeast Asian restaurants, you'll know that I have a deep affinity for fresh spring rolls. It may be a premature declaration I'm making here since I have only been here twice, but I think these are THE best spring rolls in the city. Yes, better than Tram's. Yes, better than Thai Cuisine. If there are any fellow spring roll addicts out there reading this, you must try them. Especially if you like Thai basil, because theirs are packed with the stuff.Their green curry needed more spice and more coconut milk, but I really liked their pumpkin curry. If they had a pineapple curry on the menu, I may not ever go back to my other Pittsburgh favorite, Thai Cuisine. But there's a twist!! For once, my favorite dish was NOT the curry? It was...are you ready for it...the Pad Thai!! Now, don't get me wrong, I have the occassional Pad Thai craving, but I am far from obsessed with it and curry usually wins out in the end. Not so with Kanok's Pad Thai, which may be the best Pad Thai I have ever had. It was flavorful, not the least bit mushy (even after sitting in a takeout container!), had a good balance of noodle/meat/egg, and was topped with lots and lots of crunchy beansprouts. And they put lime wedges in my takeout container! AH! Next time I am craving Pad Thai, I'm totally hitting up Kanok!Please don't change, Kanok! Unless, of course, it's to add pineapple curry to your menu...
3	This review is for Kanok's take-out only.  The best word to describe Kanok is inconsistent.  I've had a quite good tofu pumpkin curry one night and a ridiculously spicy curry the next.  As with most Thai places, you can let them know how spicy you want it, but sometimes we just don't know what to expect.  The prices are very reasonable and the food is fast.  The location is great, and the restaurant itself is very nice.  And, it's BYOB.
3	Maybe, just maybe I'll become adventurous when it comes to Thai.  Not today my friends.  The lunch pricing is a steal!  For $8 you get a main dish, spring roll and salad.  The spring roll was delicious.  Nice and crispy with fresh ingredients inside.  The "salad" was more like a mini tong serving of lettuce.  Let's just say I could count the pieces of lettuce...maybe 5 I'd say.  The dressing was the best part of what they call a salad.  I guess for $8 you can't complain.  I just hope you get more if you actually order a side salad.  The Thai iced tea was awesome, as usual.  It's my guilty pleasure getting one.  I know it's not the best for you, but it's just so gosh darn delicious! As always I ordered the Shrimp Pad Thai.  There were 5 decent size shrimp that actually tasted like they were freshly grilled.  The Pad Thai itself was a nice size serving for lunch.  Big bonus for plenty of sprouts.  The sauce was flavorful, but it still doesn't compare to Spice Island in Oakland.  Still haven't found a Pad Thai that out does theirs!  The service was friendly and fast but the real surprise was just walking into such a beautiful environment.  I think this would be the perfect date night spot.  It's trendy and clean, and when it gets dark out and the lights turn low, I think you'd really feel the cozy ambiance.  It's also BYOB, with a corkage fee of only $3.  I'd definitely be back for a date night or girls night...back with a bottle in tow!
4	Here's a slight preface because I think it's very important to take the person behind the review into account. I absolutely love Thai food, have eaten a great deal of it in many places in America, and make a lot at home (though I am not Thai). I've tried a few places in Pittsburgh and none are really what I'm looking for. I've never eaten food in Thailand so maybe I don't know true authentic but I will say that a lot of the Thai in Pittsburgh is very Americanized. Not every stir fry needs bamboo shoots, bell peppers, and sweet sauce! I also think judging a restaurant based on the quality of their pad thai, which is not even thai in origin, doesn't describe how good their Thai food is (although having good pad thai is never a bad thing).Anyway, my sister and I went here for lunch and had a great meal. Their lunches are $8 and come with a spring roll and salad. The menu is pretty small for lunch, but they cover all the bases of curries, stir-fries, and noodles and I'm pretty sure you can order off the regular menu if you feel like it. The spring roll was piping hot (obviously freshly fried) but no better or worse than any other spring roll you might get at any chinese restaurant. Other people seem to love the salad dressing and I feel like I need to pop in and say it's like 75% mayonnaise. Yes it is good but it's freaking mayo, of course it's good! For the small size of the salad, they give you like 1-2 Tbsp of basically pure mayo which kind of diminishes the healthy part of eating a salad but again it was good and you can remove it easily.The main dishes absolutely soared though. My sister got Pad Thai which was some of the best I've ever had. It was a little sweet for me but the proportions of toppings, amount of shrimp, and flavor was spot on. The noodle texture was perfect: they had a great chew, weren't mushy, and mixed great with the crunch of the bean sprouts.We were originally going to share, but I couldn't give up any of my "Ka-Pow Gai" chicken (even though Gai means chicken in thai...) because it was phenomenal. This is traditional Thai streetfood served with impeccable presentation and great flavor. It comes with a mound of rice topped with a fried egg. The chicken is finely minced (or ground) and is tossed with bamboo shoots, basil, and maybe onion (I don't remember). I ordered spiciness 5/5 and it delivered reasonably well. I have a very high spice tolerance (I usually order off the scale at Thai places) and while this didn't make me sweat and my nose run, it balanced very well with the flavor and I probably wouldn't feel the need to order higher. It was absolutely delicious; a great mix of spicy, sweet (maybe a little sweeter than I would've liked), and salty. The fried egg absolutely makes this dish though! This is not your typical diner fried egg; it's fried so that the edges are puffy and wonderfully crisp while the yolk was perfectly runny. A bite of rice, egg, and chicken is so well rounded and delicious it's not even funny. Also, unless I'm mistaken, they actually used holy basil (ka-pow, kaprow, or gkpraow refer to a specific type of basil) instead of thai basil! Not that this would make or break the dish, but I'm pretty sure most thai places around here just use regular thai basil.All in all, the decor is upscale yet comfortable and doesn't feel like "generic chintzy asian" (as cute as they may be, there are no lucky cats in sight). The only reason this place gets a 4 is because it is way too expensive. I have trouble believing their dishes are worth ~$15 but with their low corking fee and great interior, it's possible you could have a very nice dining experience on a date or "let's spend money" night. Their lunches however are great deals and I will definitely be back.We both left with leftovers, but their sizes are by no means large, especially for the price. That is likely different at dinner, however.
3	This is decent BYOB thai that was in walking distance to my apartment and the outside seating is nice. However, both of our curries were extremely spicy...I'm trying to get better but I'm still a baby and usually get a 3/10. I don't actually know what an 8 or 9 is on the scale but I'm sure that what we got was closer to that. So, just make your spice level clear. Also, this place is a little pricier than some other thai places around, but for the location it's worth it.
3	I don't have any extreme feelings one way or another about this restaurant. I guess I can say I was "disappointed" but only because I was hoping to be impressed. There isn't much else to say.
