3	This is the gas station I pass by every day on the way to and from my house.  Somehow, I don't fill up for gas here... probably because it's cheaper down the street.  But I do stop by here occasionally for coffee when I'm in a hurry -- I can refill my mug for like $1.29 plus tax or so.  Not as good a deal as the 99c refill at 7-11 across the street, but again, Rebel is on the right side of the road, so they score the extra 30 cents and my business for that alone.  And for late night ice cream sandwich runs.
5	Lalalalove everyone at this store & there's a deli w/ yummy food! :)
3	I like this Rebel because it's pretty big. They have a pretty good selection of items for a convenience store. The employees are always nice too.
5	Love this rebel. I stop here once or twice a week to get gas and a cappuccino before work.They have a Rebel Rewards program. If you buy certain things you can get a discount on gas so I love using the rewards for that.The staff is always friendly and the store is super clean.
4	Very convient and helpful employees that work the counter.
5	This gas station is fabulous.  The employees are always cheerful, there's a deli in the back, the gas prices are good and overall it's well-stocked, clean and organized.I will swear by the sausage breakfast sandwiches here -- they are heaven in a fluffy biscuit, warm sausage patty and slice of cheddar cheese.  Say what you will about gas station food, but this $1.29 of deliciousness will win a spot in your heart.  Best part -- they assemble and bake these daily.  (P.S., it takes about 10 minutes to get one fresh if they're out.)I have also tried the sandwiches here (6" sandwich + small bag of chips = $3.99) and would choose them over Subway.  I certainly don't dislike Subway, but this has the taste of one of those nice local spots.The pizza is also rather tasty!  They make it fresh daily - yes, you heard me.  It's not prepackaged frozen stuff they heat up.  I have seen the lady take the dough out and shape it, sauce it, cheese it and top it.  Word.  They also take special requests and full-size pizza orders.There's even a couple of tables and chairs by the deli in case you want to eat your food there.Wow, did I just do a food review on a gas station?  Epic.
4	So, I love this place for the complete opposite reason other people like gas stations. Their food. The deli at this particular Rebel is pretty epic. In fact it's probably my favorite gas station deli. I have tried a variety of the things they sell there and haven't been disappointed yet. You can get a 6 inch sub (toasted or not) with a bag of chips for 4 dollars. Pretty good deal, especially since they use more meat than Subway does. Their pizza isn't as greasy as most "fast food" pizza and is made fresh, which is always a bonus. Then there is breakfast. I don't know what they put in their sausage, egg, and cheese biscuit sandwiches that make them so addictive, but they are. Their price is also addictive. At around 1.40 you really can't argue. I don't, however, recommend their bacon sandwiches. They only put two or three  strips on it and it feels like a waste.I don't get gas here because usually it's cheaper to go elsewhere. The price you see from the street is only if you are paying cash, which a majority of people don't do anymore.
