4	Stopped in for my first time before going to a movie and was very happily surprised. I was not sure what I was going to be getting with the title of the place but it reminded me a lot of Chipolte. I love their peri peri sauce though, it was truly delicious! The tortilla chips were a bit greasy which was a bummer. They do give discounts with your movie tickets so remember to keep them for next time.  My daughter liked the food but was bummed out that they did not serve milk. I know we will go back for the sheer reason that that sauce was da bomb!
1	I went here last night with my boyfriend and we were quite disappointed. They were out of guacamole and tortilla chips, and they don't (yet?) have beer as advertised on the website. We were the only customers there the entire time and got a pretty awkward vibe from the two gentlemen working. We will not be returning.
1	I purchased two groupons for this place as it sounded very much like Chipotle, which I love!  My friends and I went in there last night for two salads.  The salad bowls are half the size of Chipotle, the meat is cut so small that it looks like hamburger.  I asked for brown rice and the guy tried to give me pinto beans (I told him 3 times that is not rice - those are beans!).  Brown rice is not even available.  They pride themselves on a peri peri marinade, but the meat had zero flavor, actually everything was bland, no flavor.  The cook was busy tossing chips (supposed to be in a bowl) but they landed all over the floor and he just looked at them.  The cashier was nice, friendly and seemed to be the only one of the two employees working.  He dished up the food, rung people up, replaced forks, etc while the cook was on his cell phone complaining about other employees / managers.  The bar area had a decent sized TV, but it was turned off.  The restaurant has a bar area that would be great to sit and surf the net on WiFi, but it is not available.  The cook's laptop and newspapers were spread all over the counter leaving no room for customers.The whole time we were there, maybe 10 people came in.  Several came in and left.The music was ok, but a bit loud for concrete floors and high ceilings as it echoed and seemed much louder.  I don't want to return there let alone use my other groupon.  I'll contact Groupon to see if that can be refunded.
3	I have a feeling others may have found this place awkward because it's new. We talked to the man working there, and he says they are just getting up and running, but had been having some trouble getting word out, and it was a slow start. There were 2 workers, they were both super friendly. The food and style is like Chipotle. My husband LOVED the food - even better than Chipotle. I did not. There is nothing wrong with it, but I just don't like the flavors. The mild salsa is too sweet and reminds me more of a sauce, the medium was better but too hot for me. There is no brown rice. I don't care for the sauce, and I just don't like the taste as much. I went because of a Groupon - otherwise, I would have never known this place existed. The atmosphere I thought was nice - very clean, good space, the TV at the bar is on, and they did have other drinks. 2 of their fountain drinks were out, which was a bit of a bummer. You can tell they are still finding their footing as a business, and getting started though. I think if more people knew about them and gave them a shot, they might do well. I just don't care for the tastes and flavors myself, but it might be other peoples cup of tea (like my husband, again he loved it) The burrito we got was as big if not larger than Chipotle, which seem to be skimping on their meat lately. I think Carnivores will improve as they get going - give them a shot.
1	Husband and I purchased a groupon after viewing website for Carnivores. We figured it would be similar to Chipotle. We were so wrong!!! When you walk in the music is loud and the decor is very dark and uninviting. They were out of salsa first of all and out of two fountain drinks. No straws either. We both ordered chicken burritos with cilantro lime rice, black beans, corn salsa, lettuce, cheese, and sour cream. Found burritos very skimpy on the meat and very flavorless. They forgot to add sour cream and lettuce. About 5 minutes of getting meal a worker came over with a bunch of loose lettuce and said she forgot to add it. The hallway to bathroom is so dark you need a flashlight to find toilet...... save your time and money and stick to Chipotle.
1	I like to see new places and I like to see them prosper. The place has not been in this the Park West mall for long. We was at the Farmers Market that is there on Saturdays. It was around 1:00 pm and we had not eaten. New place lets give it a try. Located next to Harkins. On going inside the place is kind of like other taco, burrito, burrito bowel places. You put your order on a piece of paper and go wait. Your food is delivered to your table.  There was one other party there and one person ordering. I watch people and no one appeared to know what their job was. There were plenty of people but they just seemed disorganized. The ice machine was not working so your drinks were warm. There is a Safeway one mile away where you could get ice. It is the cost of doing business when something breaks. I got a quesadilla supreme, my wife got a chimi. The cheese in the quesadilla was not fully melted and was not very good. My wife's chimi was cold. She took it home and heated it up. When heated up it was not bad. Everyone was friendly. We was given a discount because it took so long to get the meal and they gave my wife bottled water because they did not have ice for ice tea. I will not be back, too many good places to eat. I do hope they get it together.
1	This place is now closed.
