5	Every Wednesday night from 8-11 the Pittsburgh Banjo Club takes you back in time with some good clean fun and some amazing music.  The rehearsals are free and open to the public here at the Elks.  The bar offers cheap drinks and food while you enjoy the entertainment.  Keep the tradition alive!  Fun for all ages!
5	Are you with the 20-somethings or the 80-somethings? Everyone is welcome and everyone fits right in.  Combination stage show, bar, restaurant and bingo hall (with the raffle) unbelievable!  THIS is as REAL as it gets - in Pittsburgh or anywhere on the planet.
4	If you're looking for something totally different but completely authentic, I highly recommend this. The Pittsburgh Banjo Club performs at the Elks Lodge every Wednesday night from 8-11. I have heard about this from friends and coworkers, and finally had the change to go last night.So we definitely made a mistake by showing up late--the main room was packed and we ended up sitting in the bar area. You could still hear the music, but the view was not as good. I'd recommend arriving right on time, if not early.Admission is free and drinks are cheap. A friendly lady selling 50/50 tickets explained that they use part of their share to pay the rental fee for the lodge while donating the rest to charity. They also serve food. We didn't eat but everything that was brought to tables around us looked good! This was a nice departure from the norm. I can't say that I would become a regular (you could tell some people are probably there EVERY week), but we had an enjoyable evening and I would definitely go back.
4	Pittsburgh really has its charms. I love it when I find the hidden gems like the Pittsburgh Banjo Club. A co-worker suggested it and not really knowing much about Banjo-ing, I was up for the adventure. In a nutshell, Banjo night is quintessentially American, sweet, charming and entertaining. Really good vibe, lots of smiles, relaxed atmosphere. People are there to have a good time. We ordered drinks, munched on popcorn, bought some raffle tickets, and listened to some good 'ole banjo music. Good times!
5	I try to attend banjo night whenever I visit Pittsburgh. Great music, great people and fantastic musicians!  All you have to do is go once and your hooked.
