5	Wow.  I can't believe I'm writing the first review for this place.  I went to La Gondola not really expecting much, but I walked out having had the best pizza experience since I've been in Pittsburgh.  The atmosphere was that of a small, clean, and charming Italian joint, the staff was very nice, and the pizza was DELICIOUS.  Big slices, flavorful sauce and cheese.  The crust was chewy, yet firm.  This family-owned restaurant has been here for a long, long time and they really know what they're doing.  All around wonderful.  Do not pass it up!
3	It's hard to be drawn to this place when its in the recently updated market square but don't let the looks fool you, this place is delicious.I tried Primanti the day before and I wish I went to La Gondola first. This place had good pizza and service was decent. This place has been family-owned for over 30 years and its apparent why.I wasn't please with the sausage because it was essentially like in small bits and amounts, but the thin crust was baked just right and the cheese was good as well.There were no napkins and too much grease on the pizza. No bathroom in site either. I wanted to wash my hands. Best food I had in Pittsburgh besides the William Penn Omni Terrace Room.Next year when I am on a business trip to Pittsburgh I will most likely return.
5	I eat in Market Square a lot and this is my favorite place to get slices of traditional red sauce pizza out of any pizza place in the area.  I am still partial to Fat Tommy's for white pizza although I haven't ordered white pizza from La Gondola yet.  I have never found La Gondola's pizza slices to be greasy and the crust is perfectly crisped on the bottom and just the right amount of chewy otherwise.  Good quality food and yummy!!  I personally love the crumbled sausage topping.  They also have incredibly awesome homemade Wedding Soup (seasonal I think) - a definite must have when I see that they are serving it.  The staff is always friendly and prompt.  Give them a try!!
4	This is the place to get a great slice of sicilian pizza. My co-workers and I agree that this is one of the best sicilian slices in the city. Crispy and airy crust make the enormous slices not too heavy and they hold a lot of toppings really well. Plus their sauce and topping choices really round out this pizza. Their regular NY style slices are decent, but I would definitely go for the sicilian. The hoagies are all pretty good too, as a good Italian place should do. Not the most veg-friendly place. Other than the toppings on the pizza, they serve a side salad, which is mostly iceberg lettuce, and they put deli ham on the salad, which in my opinion is completely unnecessary. Seems like they are just serving to the over meaty and under-vegged Pittsburgh eaters (who whould be confronted with more good veggie dishes more often). But their homemade Italian dressing is great. Service is great here. It's family run and the Grandmother and Mother waitress, always with a smile and friendly banter. Seems like Papa and son are in the kitchen serving up the food. Plus there is outside seating which is often available even on crowded days in the square. Looks can be deceiving, because I don't think I would have ever checked this place out by just looking at it from the outside, or inside for that matter. A good recommendation from a friend got me here, so hopefully it works for you too.
4	Wow. This place has some excellent pizza. Okay, not the best in Pittsburgh but it is CLEARLY the best in downtown. The boy and I were talking about the number of pizza places downtown that have made us sick and how we thought it was a shame that we consider a place good by the fact it doesn't make us sick. That's the sad reality of it. However, La Gondola has none of those "sick feelings" later. We will most likely be repeat customers!
4	Looks shady, tastes great. Lunch for under $5 a person and you walk out stuffed. What a deal!Service is fast and friendly. Prices are fair for pizza anywhere, let alone downtown.When we walked in the door, we were the only customers. Combined with the dated decor, we weren't sure that we had made the right decision. We sat down, ordered a pizza and it was served within 15 minutes. By the time we left, the place was packed with only a few open seats left so it would appear that the secret is out.
5	Great pizza. Can get it by the slice which is nice for lunch. This is a favorite in market square.
4	The Sicilian Pizza is huge, tasty, crusty on the outside, soft in the middle.  The regular thin crust pizza was loaded with toppings.My only complaint is that the Pizza was served luke warm.  I want my pizza piping hot, almost burning the roof of my mouth!The overall taste made up for the temperature difference, and I was happy with the overall experience.  Both the cooks and the waitress were friendly.
5	I love mushroom pizza. I called to ask if they use canned or fresh mushrooms and the guy on the phone responded, "nothing in our restaurant is canned."  I LOVED his response. I truly enjoyed my pizza and I'll be back for more.  My only disappointment was that they were out of their tiramisu but I am excited to try it soon.
4	Delicious home made authentic italian classics.  Low prices.  Extremely generous portions.  For the same price as a Jimmy John's sandwich or Moe's Burrito, you can have a expertly prepared Italian feast with all fresh ingredients.Why not a 5?  The service can be slow during the lunch rush, and the interior is a bit run down.  If you aren't in a crazy rush, your money won't go farther for better food anywhere in Market Square.
5	Excellent pizza, I got a large slice of silcian pizza with lots of toppings, the toppings were very generous. Definitely will be back to try more menu items. Price was great!
3	I really, really, want to rate this place higher.   Maybe after another visit I will be able to, but the food simply wasn't great.I ordered the rigatoni al dente, and got it chewy.   The garlic bread was slightly burned and had way too much butter.   The sauce was uninspiring.For all that, it was that plus a salad for $11, which isn't a bad price.   I suppose I should try the pizza, but the pasta wasn't up to par.  Edible, approaching acceptable, but not quite getting there.
3	Not the best ever, but pretty decent stuff.  A slice for $2.50 in downtown? I'll be back.
5	Came here two days before Christmas. Looking for a place the family could get a quick slice. Wow! We were surprised. Not only was the pizza phenomenal, it was cheap!  I had the Sicilian and my kids had thin crust. Four pieces total, 3 drinks, came to $17.10. Can't beat that. If I'm ever in the area again, I'll be back.
