5	I like to tell the story of how my boyfriend and I joined this place while eating ice cream for dinner one night.  I mean, who randomly joins a gym while eating a big bowl of ice cream?  (In my defense this was Birthday ice cream, so that makes it okay).    We both walked out that night with melted ice cream, new boxing gloves, and a month-to-month agreement which we can cancel at any time.  I was really excited.A few days after we joined,  I read some bad reviews for the other locations of Knock-Out, and I was surprised.  I'm still confused by those.  I can't judge or make any comments on those as I've only been to Gilbert, and I try not to sign annual contracts for anything  unless it's a necessity.  We've been going for over a month now, almost 2,  and it's been nothing but positive. PROs-The place is so friendly and welcoming.  I swear Dan knows every single client's name and never forgets anything you say to him ever.  I'm kind of amazed by that. -Diversity of their clientele.  This isn't a macho sweaty boxing gym where someone not fitting that description would feel out of place.  There are all kinds of people of all fitness levels.  Sure, you've got your typical dude who looks like he belongs in a boxing gym, but there are also lots of other people just trying to burn some calories, keep in shape, or tone up.  If you think you wouldn't fit in, you're wrong.-The work-out is no joke.  I love to hate Jake because he'll hilariously call you on it if you slack off (Tip:  be sure to time your laziness for when he's looking the other way).  Even when I'm having a blah day, and just want to go through the motions I end up exhausted and sweaty and really glad I showed up.-I think it's a good value.  I've just spent an average of $5 per class if I divide it out this month.  It's a hell of a class, totally worth it.  Plus, there's weights, and cardio equipment available at any time.  Personal training too, though I haven't taken advantage of that yet.-Awesome stress relief.  It's fun to punch and kick things after a tough day at work.  Some days,  I have a name and imaginary face in mind to smack down when I show up.   I had a bad call with a stupid insurance agent last week which led to a great workout later that night.  Thanks Nation-Wide, you suck.CONs-Weekend hours are shorter, which may make it harder for you if you have a busy schedule.-I can anticipate that eventually I may get bored of taking the same class multiple times a week.  They do change up the instructors for the time slot that I like,  and each is different so that's nice.  ----------I'm pretty sure anyone interested can get a 3 day pass for free. ............Mama said knock you out!
5	I've been training for many moons now n am coming off of injuries so the competitive energy of power mma lost its luster. I couldn't find any places to train since there are far more dojos trying to instruct mma boxing kick boxing vale tudo etc than quality mma gyms. On the first visit I was not only taken by surprise from the warm welcome that I received from Thomas but also motivated to have the coaches hold pads for me and everyone else throughout the workout. It was the best form of brutal cardio and I learned some new combos. The members are more friendly than other mma gyms that I've been to and I don't feel as if I have to "'earn" my respect as a person. That's not the type of gym I'm interested in joining. This is the kind of family/team environment that is not only positive for the martial arts and continues on the spirit of those masters before these instructors but a fun place to learn and grow in a supportive communal setting.
1	This place is a joke, they have great equipment and really motivated young trainers that they throw all to waste because of their crappy management and aggressive over priced services. Management sucks and is just concerned about making sales and not about the fitness of each individual, I would even be impressed if they knew anything about fitness. Some trainers know very little about fitness and  hold no patience to instruct more or less even motivate someone. If you want harassing phone calls asking to pay your monthly dues or you'll be sent to collection even after you cancel your membership this is a great place to sign up!
1	THEY DON'T EVEN DESERVED THE ONE STAR...I don't like to post bad reviews to any place unless it's the complete worst. .. and this place is. .This place is just the worst ever, that I just have to share the trouble that they put me thru just to cancel my month to month membership. 4 months ago I had a knee problem and told them I would like to cancel my membership, because the workout program that they have there was worsening my knees ..But the Manager there told me he would freeze my account with no charge and if there's No activity on my account that my membership would just automatically cancel itself.  But 4 months has gone by and I forgot all about it and haven't been to their Gym, they start charging my membership again ...I would not mind if I was using there gym here and there ...but there was no activity on my account for the full 4 months ... all I ask is for them to refund my money, because I haven't been to their gym and they refuse to give me my money back.  MY MESSAGE TO EVERYONE ABOUT THIS PLACE IS GET EVERYTHING IN WRITING AND IF YOU REALLY NEED TO CANCEL YOUR MEMBERSHIP. .. JUST CANCEL DON'T FALL FOR THEIR SCAM OF TELLING YOU "I'LL FREEZE YOUR ACCOUNT INCASE YOU CHANGE YOUR MIND. " IT'S A TRAP FOR THEM TO HAVE ACCESS TO YOUR BANK ACCOUNT AND START CHARGING YOU A MEMBERSHIP FEES AGAIN.
