4	They keep adding new menu items, and each one is great.  This is a nice little coffee shop with very friendly staff members.  The coffee isn't as acidic as Starbucks', which is good for my taste buds, and the owner roasts the beans locally.  They have paninis that are tasty as well as a selection of pastries.   They also sell Mexican Coke (the soda, that is), if that tickles your fancy.  Free wi-fi makes it a nice place for a break from your work day.  Ask the owner to honk the horn on his electric bike that is parked inside.
5	I went to City Central when they had their ribbon cutting.  It has great ambiance and everyone was super friendly and helpful.  They made me a blended ice frappe....mmm delicious!!!  You have to try this place out when in the downtown area!
5	As a Downtowner, I'm attracted to businesses that offer experience and community as well as a good cup of coffee. City Central delivers on all three. Damian, Danielle and the rest of the C3 crew bust their humps to make sure that every customer feels special and part of their java family. Their efforts have certainly paid off quickly, building an army of loyalists in just two short months.In addition to the standard menu of hot, cold and blended coffee drinks, City Central offers teas, sodas, pastries and a very  nice selection of grilled panini sandwiches. Damian has been a coffee pioneer in Downtown Phoenix since the mid-90s and his expertise is obvious.The atmosphere is superb. Free Wi-Fi, a nice selection of Pandora music playing throughout the tastefully decorated flat, newspapers and magazines for leisure reading, comfy seating, and a nice patio overlooking bustling Central Avenue.So next time you feel a gravitational pull toward the Evil Empire (cough, Starbucks), instead head over to Central Avenue and Washington for locally roasted coffee served by an on-site local proprietor who actually cares about his patrons.
4	As one who is always in desperate need of coffee I am happy with this new addition downtown. I 've been here twice and the service has been  great and the coffee fits the bill. I particularly like the atmosphere here. Especially in the summer when it's hot as hell, I walk into One Coffee and I feel like I'm in a coffee joint in a bigger city like San Francisco or Chicago. The windows facing Central Ave give the place an open, airy feeling which would make me maybe want to hang out and enjoy my brew if I had time.In adddition to coffee they offer the requisite cookies and pastries. They also offer sparkling water, yogurt and oatmeal which is a refreshing difference. Also, they have a punch card which I REALLY like. It shows that these guys value their customers.
4	A great alternative to the punks over at Cartel Coffee. At One Coffee they don't pretend to know what is best for you and they will make your coffee to order (how original!). The place forgoes the "look how trendy ass kissin' this place looks" and instead go for familiarity and comfort. It's actually very Starbuck-esque inside. The coffee itself is smooth as a baby's ass ... not in the least bitter or tart.
4	Super cute interior and very friendly staff. Brandi made me the most delicious chai tea. Lots of cinnamon.
4	Whenever the fellow jurors plan to grab coffee (Starbucks is at the bottom level of the court house), I get all sweet and doe eyed and uppity state "oh no, let's support a local biz instead!" and we've bounced around a few coffee places since.I get girly caramel or mocha nonfat lattes, and they are good.  I THINK the pricing is better than Starbucks (after all, how would I know? :D), plus the Yelp checkin deal is really nice if this trial goes WAY TOO LONG (Day 6 so far).I would of thought this place was a corporate empire, if it was not for the Yelp reviews.  Each time I have noticed the greeting and smiling owner, doing his thing.Just across the street north of CityScape, if a juror is trying to calculate how much time do they have...
4	One Coffee Co was ridiculously close to my hotel in downtown Phoenix. The place was very quiet and contemporary. The woman at the register was sweet and easy to talk to. Originally, I was going to order a regular drip coffee, but my eyes wandered over to their specials board and saw "Mexican Mocha." I asked the barista about it, and she informed me that it was a mocha with a warm, spicy twist.Sure enough, the taste of the mocha was quite shocking. I've had Mexican mochas in the past, but nothing like this one. Spicy upon first sip, I couldn't decide how I felt about it. But after the first sip, with the spicy warmth stuck in my throat, the next sequential sips were no longer surprising. The spice was meant to warm the drinker on a cold morning, while still being a pleasant beverage.If given the opportunity, I would surely return to this wonderful coffee establishment!
5	Espresso: Really goodFood: Scones looked good.Vibe: Downtown busyWiFi: yesPlugs: ?.Soy Out?: No.Score: Yelp Check in Discount, and the owner (i think) is super hot and nice.
5	Great family owned coffee spot.  I work in the building so I visit regularly.  The owner is usually there running around making drinks or making fun.  Him and the staff dressed up on Halloween and I thought it was great.  I appreciate that the staff recognizes regular patrons and they know my drink before I order.  Sometimes I bring my laptop and work in the coffee shop.  The music selections are always perfect for work/study.  They also have a stamp card that rewards regular customers with a free drink.  Starbucks who???
5	Came for a conference and had breakfast here everyday! Great cappuccinos, scones and bagels. The yogurt and fruit was good too - just plain, thick yogurt - which is what I prefer. Free wifi too.
5	Local owned coffee place where the coffee is excellent and the food is delicious. The cookies are a thing to behold and you wont be disappointed. You also can't miss with the paninis. K enjoys the delicious non-coffee options such as the lemonade which is freshly squeezed and excellent. I believe everything is made from scratch or close to home: from roasting of the coffee to the homemade whipped cream. Chances are the owner is the guy making your coffee which is a pleasant change from ordinary places. The staff are genuine and just very nice. There is definitely a reason why I am there every day.
5	Love it! Their coffee is always perfect, the girls that work there are quick and sweet, their food is fresh, and the prices are way cheaper than Starbucks.
4	Just had coffee (espresso). I have been there about 6 times now. Friendly, helpful staff. Their expresso is much better that most. I don't order by name as some places do similar drinks differently. I order by description. My drink is 2 shots of expresso in a tall cup not the short one. With one inch of foam. Call it what you want. I call it two shots of expresso in a tall cup with an inch of foam. If the espresso is good you don't need the foam. Theirs is good enough to drink with out the foam. I have found only 4 places that I can drink without the foam. Give them a try if you are downtown. They will treat you right and you will get the drink you ordered. ENJOY
4	The BF and I went here the other day while we were riding our bikes around for exercise (yes...I know they kind of cancel each other out....oh well). We each had a latte and shared a blueberry scone. The coffee was good, it had a lot of flavor and the barista clearly knew what she was doing, but the real gem was the scone. This was a PERFECT scone! It was dry (like it should be) and had the right sweetness level. Only complaint...no bike rack! Oh well, we locked 'em up to the fence. We will definitely be back, especially because this place is so close to home.
5	Love going here for coffee and a great panini sandwich! Damian, the owner, is so friendly and fun to joke with when he's around. The other staff is friendly as well. There's a great vibe here. His brews are named after his daughters which is super cute. Depending on the time of day you have a mix of business professionals and students from the nearby Phoenix School of Law. I love the giant stenciled tree on the wall of the lounge inside.
5	I wish that this place were not so good - I have not been able to drink the coffee at my office in weeks.  The location that One Coffee occupies used to be a coffee shop graveyard.  Several coffee houses went out of business in this location, unable to compete with Starbucks.  One Coffee has bucked that trend and it is not hard to see why.  One Coffee has great coffee and it is amazingly consistent.  The staff is always friendly.  This place is certainly doing something right; everytime I go in there it has more and more customers.
4	Right around the corner from Renaissance Hotel. Excellent coffee and tasty bagels and pastries. Other food (breakfast sandwich, paninis), but didn't try. Attractive decor that invites hanging around.
4	They were fast. It is a par cappuccino. The price was normal.
5	Great spot in Downtown Phx! I got there almost by accident, tried the Chai-espresso and its delicious! The staff was really nice, the place has a good vibe, free and open wi-fi, great location.... I love it! I don't like that they close at 4pm on Fridays and at 1pm on Sat... They should close everyday at 8pm and even on Sundays it should be open.
5	Great place to relax or work in a great location. Coffee is delicious and the atmosphere is relaxed. My group met here for a meeting and it was the right atmosphere and much better then meeting in some stuffy meeting room.Damien and Bri were great and very welcoming. Definitely will return on my next visit to Phoenix
3	The coffee isn't as strong as I like, but it definitly is  smooth and non-acidic for those with coffee issues. The cafe itself is a very hipster sort of place, but I did like it. Very artsy inside (though, if you enter with childeren beware that you may need to do some censuring as some of the paintings may be a little crude....)I'm still a bigger fan of Cartel or Lux. But, it was a nice sort of change of scenery. :)
5	Perfect coffee bar... All their drinks have a double shot of espresso making them cheaper than the rest. I like the espresso bar to. I'm not sure of the gentleman's name that made my drink, but I'm guessing he's the owner. He makes a mean cap.
5	I've come to the conclusion that this is the best coffee shop downtown and arguably in Phoenix. Granted lux is stellar, but I feel like I'm going to the mall when i go there... To many hipsters.
3	Coffee Caramel Latte was good, the service by the girl at the register was just plain awful!!! The girl seemed annoyed, specially when I mentioned the 10% discount with  my checking with Yelp. She couldn't believe it, so I showed her my phone and she said she didn't know what Yelp was. *** That was insanely dumb, as she had a small sticker posted right next to the registered that read check us out on Yelp. GOSH!!!!! Bad day perhaps???  .Oh well, I still decided to give this place three, tres, trois, tre stars for its awesome vibe, like the wall art and its sneaky location. Other than the bad service that day, it seems like a pretty legit coffee spot for those close to it. *** Might never come back honestly :)
4	Great location and very friendly baristas. Pretty standard selection; the cappuccino I ordered did not change my life but was tasty.
5	One Coffee Co has officially become my new favorite coffee spot.  There are a lot of places to get coffee downtown and while each one has their high point, One Coffee Co. wins out on most of the categories important to me!The atmosphere is cool, comfortable, and inviting.  Not like other super-hip and trendy "you're lucky we let you in here" places.  Couches to lounge in or a big 'community' table to enjoy your food and drink, and a bar to watch them work their magic.  Oh, and there is great music playing, I always know I'm going to walk out with a good song stuck in my head.  How often does that happen?!  The staff is laid-back and friendly and always ready with a yummy drink suggestion when you're just not sure what you're in the mood for.  That's how I found my new addiction, the almond milk latte!  An amazing list of delicious drinks on the wall behind the counter.  And speaking of the counter, they use the square wallet app which is always convenient.Breakfast and lunch options.  My favorites for breakfast are the quiche, the "early-riser" (bagel and egg sandwich), or a cup of oatmeal - THEY'LL EVEN STEAM THE MILK FOR YOU so it's nice and creamy and you get a little protein with the oats!The pastries are delicious when I want to treat myself.  The one that I can't say, and won't even try an spell, has a little fruit and ricotta baked inside to make it perfectly creamy with just a hint of fruit flavor.  And, it isn't too big so I don't feel like I broke the calorie bank by 8 am.I could go on, but instead, I'll highly recommend that you go check it out for yourself!  If you're looking for a caffeine fix, some good food, and a cool, cozy atmosphere, you won't be sorry!
5	Got one of their holiday drinks, a caramel apple latte, and it was SO good. The coffee was perfectly roasted and brewed, and the weird flavour combination of apple and coffee was really delicious. Totally hope to come here again soon! Go here instead of Starbucks or Cartel when downtown!
4	Went in a few weeks after the first time and got a cannoli and another caramel apple latte. This time, the latte didn't have a distinct caramel apple flavour. The other barista was much better. I had to ask them to put more apple flavour in it and she explained that it's not very strong. I didn't tell her how good the last one was, though...The cannoli was amazing, though. Definitely craving another one of those.
5	5 stars for making an epic mocha. As other Yelpers have pointed out, the espresso used is much less acidic than what gets pulled at most coffee shops. Additionally, I had flavorful, chocolatey goodness instead of a mouthful of half and half or whole milk. You get a great view of the light rail, the option of a groovy patio to chill on, and some paintings to admire. The theme appears to be positive body image, which I find to be totally rad. Tasty. Artsy. And don't forget the tantalizing snacks. People in this part of town look so busy chasing cabs and buses in their suits. They should probably chill the freak out and stop at One sometime.
5	What better day to review One Coffee Co's pies then on 3.14? Am I right?!? Get it: pi(e) day?OCO was commissioned to provide the February birthday treats for our corporate office. And lucky me, I have a February birthday. Since then, I've been back for slices of pies and today I simply had to order a whole pie for my office. Luckily, they were able to accommodate me on such a short notice. And now we're sitting at our desks with slices of apple pie (and ice cream I brought in last week). Not only have I been a huge fan of their crust [just *how* do they make it?], but the apple is now my favorite fruit-filled pie. To top this sweet deal off, the pie was still a little warm when I picked it up. Oh yeah...
2	Cappuccino was undrinkable. It was burnt and made me want to cry. I've found that some barristas at One Coffee Co. know what they're doing and others don't.
4	Better than Starbucks!
5	GREAT COFFEE, great service. What's not to like?! Check it out.
5	Love this place! Been coming consistently since they first opened. Stop in at least 2-3 ties a week! Friendly baristas, owner Damien is a hoot and the coffee is amazing! Only wish I could sit there all day instead of having to go back to work!
3	Good coffee...Great music. Friendly staff.  I had gotten tired of patronizing Chloe's corner which is the reason for me trying out One Coffee Co..I need my jolt after going to court and thanks to Yelp  found a coffeehouse within walking distance.So why just A.Ok...? and not another star...Well,  I wasn't impressed with the appearance of the pastries and that was really a downer. For me a true coffee house must have killer pastries...Okay, the apple pie looked enticing but that was about it....So in that category...Chloe's Corner wins. So while I'm not exactly saying I'm not a fan, there is definitely room for improvement in your pastry case..and then we can talk further
3	Giving it a solid three stars! Maybe my scale is off because I just recently moved from the Bay Area to Phoenix but you gotta blow me away to get five stars. On a grading scale I view a 3 as a B, a 4 as an A and 5 as an A+.  Now that I've level-set where I am coming from I can get in to the review. I stopped in to One Coffee to wait for a friend to meet me. It was a weekday morning and very quiet inside. There were a couple ladies working behind the counter. I tried ordering a coffee drink similar to something I am used to ordering at Starbucks and got a bit of an attitude. Ok, I get it, corporate giant - independent coffee shop, so I let that go. I ordered a drink and a panini sandwich and went to find a table to work on my laptop. My sandwich was delivered to my table and it was pretty good - pesto on focaccia (I've noticed that Phoenix has a thing for focaccia), coffee drink was great, a little too sweet for my taste but I did order a sweet drink. The coffee flavor itself was great.They were playing some progressive punk station on Pandora and the commercials kept coming on which was weird and took away from the vibe they were trying to create (Tip: Pay the $36 a year for no ads or get a DMX box) All in all a good shop but I noticed due to its location you cannot really drive to it without having to look for parking. Good if you are in the area on foot and want to stop in for a coffee.
1	I loved this place.... Until it was sold a couple weeks ago. New owner just isn't the same. I will say he is improving. I have seen him help out a lot more. However, the baristas have changed and the new ones are horrible. Complete a holes. Seriously! I use to tip, but now I never do! And I only go to this place when I'm in a rush :( So basically okay coffee, average prices, and horrible baristas!
3	EDITED Review: Sad to say... I loved (past tense) this place once. Even stated: "Best Latte this side of the Atlantic (8/2013)." But, since the new owner took over - who may not know as much about coffee as the previous owner - he's hired some really nice and friendly staff who unfortunately either aren't properly trained, or don't care too much about the proper way to make a good latte. If you're looking for a cup of coffee and some really good baked goods, this is your place. If you want a great cup of coffee. walk another block east to Cartel. Worth mentioning, this is the only "Coffee House" I've been to that doesn't offer simple syrup. Asked the new owner about it two months ago, who thank me for the suggestion, advised he would order some (not that it's difficult to make) "next week" and still none.
4	On a Wednesday afternoon, the line stretched from the counter to the front door; that's gotta be a sign that this place is good, right? Because there was only one girl working, the line moved pretty slowly, and she informed a customer who asked that it's usually busy like this once school starts up again. Even despite being swamped and clearly tired, the barista was super friendly and was quick to get the drinks together. The environment of this place is definitely unexpected based on all of the drab business-like buildings surrounding it -it is downtown Phoenix, after all. There's a nifty floor-to-ceiling mural of a tree covering one wall, and the rest are adorned with a variety of other artworks. There are a ton of things to look at, which makes for a cool environment if you're looking for a place to hang out for a while. And if that isn't enough, Billy Joel's Piano Man came on as soon as I sat down and started getting ready to enjoy my treats! Who doesn't love some Billy Joel?? I had the cafe caramel, which was pretty good but as a forewarning came unsweetened. My sister had an iced toddy, which she enjoyed a lot. I like the sizes of their drinks; you actually get your money's worth, unlike Starbucks where you're more or less paying your organs' value on the black market for a coffee the size of a Dixie cup. Not to be dramatic or anything. We also shared a cannoli and a peanut butter cup cookie. I would definitely pass on the cannoli next time. I liked the taste of it, but the texture of the filling was awkward. I don't know if it was just from sitting in the display case all day, but the filling was very much chewable and the shell(?) was starting to get a little stale. The peanut butter cup cookie, on the other hand, was wonderful! For starters, it's about the size of your face. It was also baked to perfection, as I prefer chewy cookies to crunchy ones. It was just a smidgen too sweet, but was great when paired with the coffee. I would probably come here more often if I didn't live so far away, but I'll definitely be back if I'm ever in this area again!
5	Oh, this place. I am about to leave my current job downtown and sure I'll miss keyboard guy at the corner of Central and Adams, but I'll miss One Coffee most of all. The chai mix they use is EASILY the best I've ever tasted. If I promise not to sell it out of the lobby of my new job, I wonder if they'll tell me who makes it. Other than baby animals and a good burger, nothing makes me this happy. Try an iced chai with a bit of almond flavoring- you're welcome.Their pies, breads, muffins, and other treats are all made in house and they are fantastic. Even their jam is homemade and it is so rich in flavor- the perfect topping on one of their giant bagels. I'll miss you, One Coffee. I'll do my best to visit on weekends.
5	Friendly staff and you can't go wrong with any of the latte's that they serve.   Hot vanilla latte is my favorite  and iced toddy is a great summer drink.
5	Great coffee bar! Nicely decorated, comfortable, clean and they roast their own beans. It's as good as it gets! Since they are located downtown, parking can be a bit challenging.
5	I love this beautiful coffee house in the exact center of Phoenix. Great coffee, nice friendly people, art, wifi, beautiful women.........
2	One Coffee is in the building where I work so for a while I went there frequently. Their coffee is quite good, as is the food they offer, but their service is so awful that I will not go back. Their products aren't good enough to be worth the ridiculous wait time, and there are plenty of other coffee shops in the vicinity. The last time I went there about 2 weeks ago I waited 15 minutes for my coffee because there was only 1 person making coffee. A second person was working the register. But after everyone had ordered and paid, the register worker just leaned against the counter and watched her co-worker make the coffee, as opposed to helping. And the barista got 2 orders wrong in the meantime (not mine), probably because there were so many people waiting and she was rushed. This was not the first time I'd had this long of a wait, or noticed a staffing issue, I just wanted to make sure the prior times weren't isolated instances because I like to support local businesses. Now I've moved my patronage to the other local coffee shop around the corner.
4	This is a perfect coffee spot in the heart of downtown Phoenix. Every time I walk in, I'm greeted with a smiling face behind the counter.  The music is always at the perfect volume and a great selection as well.  I always enjoy looking at the artwork on the walls while waiting for my order, which never takes long.  I've read other reviews where they said the wait time was an issue but I suppose I just happen to get lucky. The butter beer is just all around DELICIOUS!  Definitely a treat for the tastebuds.I also recently needed quite a pick me up, so I ordered a large iced vanilla latte with an extra shot of espresso. (not knowing a large already included 3) The adorable gal behind the counter let me know right away that I was going to be having 4 shots of espresso if I included the extra shot. I still kept the order the same, as I had to be out for a while after the work day was done. While she was making it, she asked if I wanted to add ANOTHER, on the house.  How could I decline? :)  I love how informative and friendly the staff is and they always want to make sure your order is correct and meets your expectations.  I have never had any bad experiences here and will continue to make this my downtown coffee shop.
5	I ordered a simple caramel latte, and it was one of the best I can remember having in quite a while. There was a good balance of flavor (not too sugary), and the milk was frothy nicely to a smooth consistency with good microcosm.  Nice little shop!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE soy chai tea lattes from One Coffee!!!  They're incredibly delicious and just might be the closest thing to happiness in a cup!!  And while I am a creature of habit, I do sometimes venture out to try something different, and I can say that I've never been disappointed with any of their drink concoctions...especially they're butter beer which is crazy yummy.  I'm also pretty partial to their sourdough toast which comes with real butter that completely melts in your mouth...yum!!! If you're looking for a good coffee shop in the downtown area you should give One Coffee a try. You'll even get a 10% discount if you check in on yelp while you're there...
4	First couple of drinks and visits were great.  Quality of drinks seemed to decline over time (e.g., grinds in drip coffee). Panini sandwiches are good though.
5	Nothing is better than having a Yelp Check-In Offer.  My husband and I went here for an late afternoon treat.  The chocolate croissant is one of the best I've tried.  I appreciate that they are open until 6:30pm because it means I can sometimes make it here after work.  I ordered a hot Miel Coffee.  I'm pretty sure that translates into honey.  It's different, but it works. My husband ordered a standard iced coffee, which was good too.  The barista was very friendly.  Nice little coffee shop!
5	I don't think I'll be going here much anymore. See, they have this cookie. It's chocolate chip. And has nuts. And maybe something else that's illegal and addictive. And they're big, and they're soft, and I cannot stop eating them! And all the weird tasty coffees! I love their Miel, which is a tasty, lite drink that reminded me of a chai. They also have a Filthy Chai, which is just a bit dirtier than a Dirty Chai. And today I tried the Gredo (?) which is a white chocolate with cayenne pepper. They are all so good, and have so many tasty calories!But I love the way the place is decorated, and the barristas are great. So maybe I'll go there and hang out and stubbornly refuse to eat all their tasty, tasty goodness.
5	A coworker and I just discovered this coffee shop and I'm so glad we did! Tired of the terrible office coffee and the Starbucks/Cartel prices we found this little local gem just a couple blocks from our office!Delicious coffee,tea, and pastries, all reasonably priced! The staff is always cheerful and prompt and the ambience is extremely present. I could list a dozen other reasons why I love this place! Whether I'm running in for a quick pick me up cup to get me through my work day or staying to enjoy my coffee and the local art on display in the shop, I will no longer get my coffee anywhere else !
5	This little coffee shop has been a favorite of mine for a while, but that being said, I don't spent nearly enough time in here. Today I hung out in a comfy corner all day, going from the refreshing Peach Breeze (peach black tea plus lemon, sparkling Perrier and some other sort of deliciousness) to the turkey panini which wasn't exactly what I was originally wanting to get, but boy was it tasty. That bread was flawless, crusty, and it really made the sandwich exceptional.They always seem to be playing good music in here which always makes any dining or coffee experience better. The staff here is super friendly and helpful and are quite patient with my indecisiveness. I love this place, really. Good coffee, fair prices, and tasty snacks and sandwiches. Plus, it's at a great location - right across from the light rail!
5	Great Iced Toddy & good service.  If you work in downtown and are a coffee connoisseur like me, I highly recommend this place.
4	One Coffee Co is my favorite place to get coffee downtown. I have been coming to One Coffee off and on for a few years. The staff is always friendly and professional and the service is fast, even when busy. One Coffee offers a wide variety of coffee and non-coffee drinks. No matter if you're looking for a French press, flavored latte, blended drink, iced tea (try the Arnold Palmer with fresh-squeezed lemons), smoothie, or plain old coffee, One Coffee has you covered with its diverse menu, high quality ingredients, and quality-focused preparation methods. If you're in the mood for a sweet treat, I recommend pairing your drink with a cannoli or (my favorite) chocolate croissant. The prices aren't low, but they are reasonable and well in line with other area coffee shops, so you can treat yourself without feeling ripped off. Remember to try the free fruit-infused water, which is always ice cold and delicious.
4	I stopped in the other morning while I was out running errands downtown.  The staff was so nice and welcoming.  The coffee shop was roomier than I anticipated - both inside and out.  I tried the cherry Italian soda and it was perfectly made...delicious!
4	The baristas are super cute and friendly. This place kind of has a hipster-ish feeling about it (like many of the nearby restaurants in downtown Phoenix I've noticed...not what I would have expected). After a few questions, I ended up ordering the Spanish mocha. And it was a great choice. So tasty. And definitely has a kick. I can taste the spiciness of the cayenne pepper in every sip. My only mini gripe is the yogurt parfait I got. The blueberries and raspberries we're definitely frozen. Not a huge deal. This is a coffee shop. That's not their specialty. Now I know for next time. Overall, great little spot with a nice centralized location.
5	My favorite coffee shop in downtown Phoenix. The coffee is fresh, the staff is friendly, the shop is cozy, and their baked goods are delish! A must for every coffee connoisseur
4	The Miel is delish. This heavenly concoction of honey and vanilla in a coffee beverage is tastebud heaven, its scent permeates the cardboard confines of the to-go cup, and upon first sip puts you into a sensation frenzy. It relaxes you, and puts you in a good mood. Your now one with yourself and at peace. The Miel is one with the force, and you are now a jedi. Now go forth and spread happiness and peace with the world. =)
4	Cute artsy cafe with reasonable prices. They offer a humbling $25 cent discount to students and it's appreciated. The baristas are nice, the owner is pleasant. It's quiet and suitable for outside work because of the free wifi.
1	I've been coming to One for over a year now. Yet this is the second day in a row that I have received an untoasted bagel with hardly any cream cheese on it. My tea bag was only half full. When I mentioned it to the barista she merely said its always like that. Again, I've been purchasing my beverages and bagels at one coffee for over a year now as I am a student at ASLS. I am extremely disappointed and may not return.
