5	I've had a lot of massages, and I have found the majority of them to be mediocre.  This massage was not.  I could tell right away that Alptamise actually knew about muscles and how to work them.  I've only ever found one other person who seemed as competent.  I highly recommend!!!
5	Totally worth the drive across town! The best massage I have ever had! They surpass on everything from the greeting to the type of table. The perfect temp in the room and they knew exactly what muscles to work on. Perfect!!!
4	I went today and had a massage by Kandis, and it was wonderful. She was very nice, listened to me and worked the areas I asked her to and her pressure was perfect for me. .  The spa area is inside another business FX You Salon, and it does not say CHI-ssential anywhere outside so it was a bit frustrating to find. I had a 90 min signature massage and she did not use any hot towels to remove extra lotion from feet, under my neck  or ask if i wanted my eyes covered when face up. I like those extra little things to make it feel a little more spa like when you are not at a actual spa.  But she was great and so was the massage.
5	Best massage I have ever had!!  Love, love, love Alptamise!!!
5	First of all, the massage was amazing, it was exactly what I needed and Alptamise is amazing and very knowledgeable in the art of massage. I purchased a living social coupon for the massage and this was my first time going to chi-ssential. It is on the other side of town from me near cenntenial hospital located adjoined with a hair salon. The room itself was serene and inviting with touches of asian ornaments.For warning, appointments are made online and you receive a confirmation email only once. You can reach Alptamise herself, but sometimes she will be occupied with a client so just leave a message and she will get back to you.Also, there is a "HOT DEAL" going on until December 23.2011 package of 4 get 1 free for $200 (decent price for big results!!!)
5	I love massage -- let's just say I've had more than 50 in my lifetime.  I've been to Kandis several times now and she is amazing!!  I have MANY knots in my shoulders, neck, back and almost anywhere you have a muscle, but Kandis is excellent in alleviating the pain and tightness!  She knows more than the average therapist about the body and it's muscular composition and how to relieve tightness and pain.  She listens and she cares.  She texts me back promptly and is extremely responsive.  Most importantly, she is always willing to work my problem areas.  Their space is in the back of a salon, it's not fancy, but it is more than comfortable - the massage table is one of the most comfy I've ever been on and it's heated which is a nice touch.  I am a fan!  If I could give Kandis 10 stars, I would!!
