5	I'm a repeat customer of Rimguard, having used their mobile service in the past (they've come to my home & done the rim repair on the spot). I am happy that they now have a shop!Josh is a wiz when it comes to repairs. He's friendly, knowledgeable & most importantly, timely. He got my repair done in less than an hour & early! I had an appointment time of 10:30, but got down there at 9:45. He was able to work on the rim then. I was out & on my way home at 10:30. The shop itself is small, but they do have free wi-fi & waiting room for customers. The working area was clean & organized.Prices are reasonable & from time to time they have coupons on their website.
1	I came here with no alternate choices that could be found. My rim was damaged by a pothole. I found this place using Google. I first tried using a "text for an estimate" function I found on the website(over 48 hours later at this point with no response) so I called them. The lady on the phone told me they had a same day open appointment at 1pm, so on my unstable doughnut tire I rush over. When I get there she tells me I didn't call and someone else has the 1pm slot. I know what she told me, plus the phone was on speaker and my roommate heard also. It was the last number I called, so to be sure I called again while in office, yup she picked up, I'm looking at her, same phone voice. The person I assumed to be the owner comes out, covering prices and such. He says it will be an hour when they can get around to it.I go to the parking lot for a nap while I wait, the tech doing the work tells me he found a hole in the sidewall, I need a new tier? This hole was not visible before. Giving benefit of the doubt I Take his word, why would they lie? Oh..... turns out they sell tiers too! Unfortunately the size I need will not be in till morning. I can back the next day at 9am, since he said they open at 8am, will have the tire popped in the rim first thing. This turns out not to be the case. The owner says something must have gone wrong with the shipment and he needed to go investigate it. Waiting over 20 minutes I started conversation with the reception lady.she tells me that they always get tiers afternoon daily, not sooner. He lied to me to seal the deal when I started contemplating a trip to Walmart for a tier.this was obviously a lie. The mechanic doing the work would have corrected him otherwise. I got a call at 12:54pm letting me know my tire was done.I picked it up the next day, despite what I was told 3 days before, the total is now over $180!Do yourself a favor, find an alternative!!!
