4	Madison's how I love thee.  Well at least for the most part.Madison's is located on 5th. street, over by Phil's and Connolly's.  While taking nothing away from Phil's or Connolly's, you get 2 for the price of 1 with Madion's because you can also head over to The Attic next door.Madison's is a dimly light bar with no drink specials that I know of and it's often way too crowded.  So why do I like it?  Well...The bartenders are great.  It gets crowded up there but they're good about moving down the line and getting everyone their drinks pretty quickly.  I've never had a problem where I was overcharged for drinks I didn't actually get, so they must be doing something right.The people that frequent Madison's are pretty fun.  There's always going to be your group of douchebags or girls that have had too much to drink and think they're the sexiest thing since sliced bread, but overall it's a pretty good group of people.If you get there early enough you can get one of the couches along the wall.  Serves as a nice area to put coats down and for the girls to put their purses on and not have to worry about carrying them around.Music is decent, except they have this obsession with playing 'MmmBop" at least once a night.  Seriously.
3	Madison's is tucked just off the main strip in downtown Charlotte & is located on the 2nd floor of the building. From the outset, Madison's feels like an upper scale bar, but once you get into the crowd/atmosphere, it really is just an average overcrowded bar scene.Madison's isn't very big, with just one bar, & an open area with some tables & for people to stand around. It always feels way too packed in here for me & it seems like everyone has to cram in such a small space due to the layout of the place. It's always really dark as well, which just adds to the claustrophobia. They do have the UFC pay per view fights all the time, so this just makes it more crowded in that you can't stand where you're blocking the views.One of the good things about Madison's is it's connected to The Attic, so you get 2 bars in 1, which size wise equates to one normal sized bar. I'll leave the Attic review to its own page, but the connection between Madison's & The Attic is definitely a plus.I'm really not a huge fan of Madison's, but it's always packed out & you get 2 bars for the price of 1. I'm not sure what Madison's differentiating factor is when comparing it to other bars in Charlotte, but I know it just doesn't appeal to me if there is one.
3	Like most Uptown bars, you'll find frat boys and wasted scantily clad girls at Madison's. Because of this annoying crowd, I'm just not an Uptown bar kind of person. But Madison's upscale atmosphere helps diffuse the situation a bit, and I've had some OK experiences there. We had a surprise party for my friend at Madison's and they were very accommodating. We didn't rent out the bar, but they let us create our own little party area near the couches for free. And they let us hang up decorations and bring in a birthday cake. It was fun when we had the place to ourselves, but then it was suddenly packed.
4	This is a beautiful bar in the heart of uptown. It's got the problems of overcrowding that plagues much of uptown, but if you can get in there on a night when there isn't so much going on, it's a really special place. The decor his elegant, and it's refreshing to get such a taste of luxury in the midst of the uptown.It's a bit small, which hurries along the overcrowding process. The staff is really friendly and knowledgeable, and they make one of the best martinis in Charlotte. It's hard to get a good martini in Charlotte.
4	Most upscale spot we went to in Charlotte. It's a little weird, cause its connected to another bar with a completely different atmosphere. When we went there we were already wasted (at 8pm on a Saturday) and ran into people even drunker than ourselves. The bartender comped our pool table, which included stories of drunk Carolinians trying to play us for a cool hundo. Unquestionably the highlight of the evening here was when they played "Jizz in My Pants"
3	Madison's is a pretty cool place overall, I just have a few beefs with it that make me not want to go there all the time.The place has unusually low lighting and the floor layout is pretty bad.  It makes getting to the only bar in the place quite difficult at time when it is crowded.  There is such a bottleneck that people are sometimes 4-5 deep waiting in a line of sorts to get to the bar.  They also sell and allow cigars to be smoked inside so sometimes the smoke can be a little overpowering and thick.The main positive about the place is that they show all the main fighting events (boxing and ufc) so that makes it a good place to start out.  If you want to see a fight there that starts at 11 then I suggest getting there around 10 to claim a decent spot to watch things unfold.  After the fights the place mostly clears out and makes things a little more manageable.
