3	I came here on the first day that i noticed this place was open. The restaurant seems unfinished with only a counter to eat at and open space at the front. i think it's fair to assume that the void will soon be filled with additional seating.What impressed me most was the fast service. In Oakland, a neighborhood filled with fast food, it's surprising how much of the food is just junk food - not fast. It took them about 4 minutes to make a gyro which  is about half the time it takes for the nearby Kebab Factory. Furthermore, the prices are on par or less than the prices for other sandwiches and wraps in the area.Food wise,  I had a gyro sandwich with an olive pastry on the side. I enjoyed everything except the lamb doner meat which lacked seasoning and was mildly cold). The pastry tasted like a croissant that was filled with black olives. The tzatziki sauce had an interesting taste seemed to be subtly influenced by olives.In conclusion, I'm likely to return once Forbes Gyros has more experience.
3	It was yummy and I liked it! Got the gyro sandwich. Fresh veggies, decent cucumber sauce, and plenty of meat. Fries were crispy. Nom nom. Kinda sparse on the seating and there's only a counter. But I can see it getting better with time.
4	One of my favorite places to stop for lunch. The service is quick and efficient. The food is tasty and prepared super quick. If you're near Pitt's campus and need something quick and delicious, Gyros on Forbes is definitely worth the try. It opened relatively recently and I've quickly become a regular. I am completely satisfied with special 1 or special 2, but I'm planning on expanding on the menu soon. Their homemade pastries and sweets are totally worth trying!
4	The food at Forbes Gyro has drastically improved since opening a few months ago. I ordered a doner plate with a spinach pinwheel pastry. The doner was more flavorful and had a nice crisp texture. The rice had bits of a small brown ingredient which made the rice very tasteful too. I was unable to identify it, but my friend suspected it was a type of nut. The pastry was good too! I liked how flakey it was, but it was a tad too greasy.Also, they have now expanded their menu to include American and Turkish pizza.
2	Went there yesterday for the first time with my friends and the gyro's were decent even though they got my order wrong; not as good as Lesvos in Southside though. After sitting there for about a half hour the owners family walked in and stared me and friends down for a good 10 minutes so that we would leave. Not the friendliest atmosphere.
4	We needed to get out of our tiny apartment and also wanted ice cream, so we headed into central Oakland. We never had tried Forbes Gyro and they had a sign advertising their Hersheys ice cream, so we headed inside. I honestly thought they only had gyros and Mediterranean food, but they actually offer everything that a pizza shop would: pizza, calzones, salads ect. They had cool options for their ice cream such as the ever so popular birthday cake, butter pecan, cappuccino crunch (yum, we sampled that) & moose tracks. There are other flavors i didnt mention. I went with a medium cup with moose tracks and chocolate. You can also make any flavor into a shake. The counter-guy was extremely nice & friendly. I was thinking of 3 stars since i only tried the ice cream, but his customer service added on an extra star. Sometimes businesses lack in the customer service area. We'll have to head back to try food next time.
5	Great lamb Gyros and Chicken gyros (usually within 10 minutes and great on the go), If you plan on eating while driving just mention to go light on the sauce. In my opinion their Gyros are as good as they get. I've only had Gyros in NYC, Chicago, Miami to name a few cities.I've lost count on how many times I've been here for their Lamb Adana Kebab Platter. They are cooked fresh and take 10-15 minutes, usually when I'm trying to get some good dinner and get a good nights sleep, this dish has yet to fail me! Very friendly staff and super clean place,
1	I'M NEVER GOING BACK!Quite literally the most AWFUL falafel I've ever had! I love falafel and having many good Lebanese and Middle Eastern friends, I've had some very good homemade falafel. The falafel mix most have come out of a box then prepared and left to spoil for a couple of days, because it was gross. The falafel was under-cooked and still gooey in the center of at least 3. The tahini sauce it came with tasted like baby vomit smells and was completely inedible. I never throw food away, but I finished one and threw my platter away (I didn't want to risk getting sick).I would rather grind up $4 in a mortar and pestle and swallow it!!!
1	First time ordering food from here, because I was craving Middle Eastern food from back home. I got the Gyro with a side of Tabbouleh. I unwrap the Gyro and immediately I realize that the sandwich is made with a tortilla, NOT pita bread. There was no sauce at all inside the wrap although it was advertised otherwise. In addition to this, the tabbouleh was not fresh at all, and had little to no olive oil - it tasted extremely sour.
3	I'm on a gyro kick right now and while in the area decided to stop by. The girl at the counter was friendly but communication was a bit of an issue. She asked me 4x to confirm that all I wanted was a gyro on pita. The gyro itself was ok and It was served piping hot. I do have a couple complaints though. The lettuce and tomato weren't the freshest. Also the tzatziki sauce just didn't hold up to the rest of the gyro. It just wasn't as creamy as I would have liked. I prob won't be back there are several other options in the area for gyros.
5	I rarely give 5 stars but this place is so well balanced. The student deals make the food super cheap. And their food is delicious. Their pizza is loaded with cheese. Their gyros are loaded with meat. I have no idea how this place is making money with how big their portions are (don't get too high of expectations, I still sometimes need 2 gyros, but considering most places hate giving more meat...) and how cheap it is. I agree with some of the reviews here that the cashiers often have an accent and so there's sometimes miscommunication, but other than that, it's really underrated.
2	VERY BAD SERVICE FOR DELIVERY!!!I ordered chicken shish kabab from them last night from a online website. After 10 mins of ordering, they call me and tell me they dont have chicken shish kabab available and I agree to switch the order. After that they took one hour to deliver and when the guy came, he forgot to bring one order and starts to argue with me that I paid for just one order. Then I had to call the manager and then again they took another half an hour. So basically I had to wait for just two plates of kababs for TWO HOURS!! The kababs were actually good and are always good but NEVER GET DELIVERY! GO AND PICKUP IF YOU WANT TO EAT HERE.
