5	I had a clog in my bathroom sink that I was unable to clog after hours of trying.  I called another plumber - they wanted to tear out my wall to get to it and charge me an arm and a leg.  I called Option One for a second opinion.  Option One's technicians were able to make it out to my house about an hour after I called and unclog the drain within 30 minutes for only 49.50!  I was so impressed!  The techs, Tim & Vince, were great - both very personable & funny.  Next time I need a plumber, I will definitely call Option One first!!
1	7 visits within 3 weeks to unplug my toilet. **DAY 1, I was told the problem was the tank internals and I need the tank rebuilt($120). Next I was told I need new tank bolts($65). ** DAY 3, now I've been told I need a new toilet($450). I called and got them to reduce it to $300 and was told it would be a close match to the toilet they were replacing so I said OK. When they came for the install on the **4th day the toilet was round, obviously not the same. They will come back with an elongated bowl for $50 more. ** DAY 5, they came with the correctly shaped toilet. I searched online and found they've brought us a toilet sold for $72 to $86, retail price not contractor price which is far less. It's also not near the quality or look of my other 4 toilets. So, 4 trips later and $185 + $300 poorer I have a low quality toilet that leaks. **DAY 5, back again, now it leaks and needs repair. Cheap toilet. Water is running under the baseboard to my wall via the grout. ** Update, DAY 6 9am, 1/30... still leaking. They are coming back out to fix the leak AGAIN. We shall see... **Update DAY 6, 4pm, turns out the cheap toilet is cracked and they will come back tomorrow for the 6th time with a new tank for my $50 dollar toilet that I paid $485 for. At least the plumbers are friendly.  ** DAY 7, 8:30 pm no show at this point. Toilet tank not replaced from yesterdays removal. Can you spell DISGUSTED?  I sure can.CAVEAT EMPTOR
5	About a year ago I had a new garbage disposal installed.  My house and pipes are 1951, the disposal is 50 years newer.  Needless to say, they weren't a perfect match, and the guy who installed it had to cut some corners to make it work.Yesterday I switched out my faucet (myself) and I must have bumped the pipes he had tinkered with, and it started leaking from the "trap" section of the pipe.  I couldn't fix it myself, and I went on Craigslist to find a plumber.  We found Option One, so we called, and they booked an appointment for the next day (today) between 1-3pm.  While my tech, Israel, got here about 3, I'm thrilled I got him.  We talked out about 5 different ways to fix it, and finally settled on one.  Israel made the fix, simpler than I would have thought, and sure enough it worked on the very first try.  I'm stoked.Israel was professional and thoughtful, and creative when it came to a challenge.  I will definitely keep Option One's number and I'll ask for Israel if (when) I ever have another plumbing issue.
5	You will find them with a bunch of different telephone numbers and addresses on the internet and a webpage at  http://www.optiononeplumbing.com/option_one_plumbing_scottsdale.html  and 1-800-905-7115  I chose the one at 3370 North Hayden Road, Scottsdale, AZ 85251(480) 946-0796 but I don't think it matters.  It seems to actually be a multi-state referral service or franchise.  Frankly, the "local business" deception  kept me from calling them first but a recommended plumber (who quoted me $150) couldn't get to me until Wednesday.After unsuccessfully fighting a clogged drain myself  over the Easter weekend on the following Monday their guy Tim fixed it in 30 minutes for the advertised $49.50, rootering my line from the roof.  I called at 8:30 AM, he was here at 1PM.  Their work comes with a 30-day guarantee. They will get my repeat business.  I just hope not too often.
5	Ian helped me out today and was awesome!! I called at 9 and he was here by 11:30 on a Sunday!!  The drains are clear and working properly and the prices can't be beat!! I'll definitely be calling them again for any needs :). Thank you so much!!
1	Here I am a year later with a worse problem than I originally had. The cheap new toilet is leaking all over the floor from the wax ring. The toilet was installed improperly according a plumber I spoke with today. I called and was told by Ray, the owner, that he'd call me back and make it right. Still waiting and it's 10 pm. I found out today that they have  *** NO valid ROC license !!!  ***   Check it out yourself. 206178 is suspended and has been for quite some time 7/11 - I have dealt with these guys over and over with no success and the owner won't call to make things right. They make things up, do unnecessary work and finally, for more money will fix the problem.Caveat emptor, let the buyer beware.
5	Our shower in our master bathroom had a terrible clog. I tried all the natural stuff to get it unclogged with no luck, as well as pouring drano and all that other crap to try and get it going.I found Option One right here on Yelp. It mostly positive views, and i liked the one price, no hassle option.The service was fantastic-the guy who came was super helpful, friendly to my husband and also gave us tips on how to change out a faucet in another room.Didn't try to get us to do anything else....can't get any better than that.That one price option is absolutely true. 49.50-NO hidden fees.Hooray!!
2	OK, the supervisor came out and did a good install, no leaks and it doesn't wobble. Had he only come the first time we could have avoided a YEAR of TROUBLE and frustration. I'll give them another star for finally taking care of me.
5	Wow!  Had them twice and what clean, caring people.  If you get Jesse, you'll be doubly blessed.Their work is fast, complete, clean, what else can I say?  Usually the same day you call.  I'm absolutely impressed.
2	Purchased a condo Feb 2011 and needed a knob for the water shut off fixed. They came out handled it and gave me great service. I paid the first payment for the service call with my debit before they fixed it and then after it was fixed I paid again. Over the last 15 months I have received 3 calls from them saying I didn't pay, after getting a message last month again I called them back and talked to a very nice lady who said not to worry she would take care of it. Again today I get a call from a woman claiming to be a manager advising me I have a past due balance and I needed to pay ASAP!!! I again told her I had already paid and she began to argue with me. I asked her if I really owed this "balance" why it took 15 months for them to take care of it, she basically called me a liar and I asked to talk to her manager, and she stated she was it ( she didn't have a manager ) I then asked who the owner was and asked to be transferred to his voicemail, she said he didn't have voicemail and refused to allow me to speak to anyone else. I finally told her if she didn't stop harassing me I would file a claim with the BBB and hung up. Seriously they need a better bookkeeper and need better customer service!!!
5	Andrew came out and did a great job. He spent the entire day working on our rental property. We were expecting the worse news and he was honest and did what was needed. I will call this company for all jobs that we need! Awesome job!
1	STAY AWAY!!!  Had an appointment for 12-2pm today and they called at 1:55pm to say they would be 1hr & 30mins late.  At 5:40pm (2hrs & 10mins after the new time they quoted) we called them back and told them about the situation.  They lady on the phone was extremely rude and did not offer any assistance in the matter.
4	My only complaint is the receptionist whom I called mid-way through my appointment time slot of 10-12AM to ask her if the service person was going to be late and asked her to please call me if he was going to come past the 12:00 window as I had plans with my granddaughter.  She never called back and the service person didn't arrive until 12:40.  He was very apologetic and got right to the task at hand; clearing my bathtub drain.  He was a very nice young man who took the time to explain everything he was doing and the best part of it was they stuck to their advertised price of $49.50.  Unlike the previous company who came out (Schuelke Plumbing, LLC ) who said they were going to have to charge me $200 becuase he had to use his rooter without even removing the drain plug to take a look at it.  So call Option One if you need this kind of repair.  I am a very picky person and would have given them 5 stars if it wasn't for the flaky receptionist.
2	Absolutely HORRIBLE phone/customer service!!! Our septic tank was backing up and we were told to call Option One because they would snake our clean out line for $50. I called them at Noon gave all my information to a receptionist and was told I would get a call back. At 1:37pm still no call so I called them and was told I would get a call back. By 2:15pm still no call back so I called again and was finally able to schedule someone to come out between 5-7pm and that the technician would call when he was on his way. By 7:12pm no call from the technician and I couldn't reach anyone in the office, I left a voicemail that was never returned either. By 8:12pm I tried calling again and finally got an answer, the receptionist said I was the next call. Finally at 9:13pm the technician called saying he was on his way. By 9:47pm he finally showed up and was able to unclog our clean out line to our septic tank. If I could give separate ratings I would give the technician, Israel, 5 stars for being polite, professional, and helpful. I would give the office workers (ie receptionist or scheduling person) 0 stars!! All that was needed was a call back the first 2 tines I called and a call saying your technician is running behind he should be there between xx-xx, really really poor phone service. ~ 2/18/2013 ~
5	great company!  I was quoted rates of $200+, and to rent the equipment and pay someone to do it would have been $150.  They showed up, ON TIME, handled it, didnt try to "up sell " me on stuff i didnt need!  They were professional, easy to deal with and would highly recommend!
5	I was recommended to a competitor that did not return my calls after they gave me a quote. When I first talked to their competitor the cost estimate was $50.00, whch soon went up to $120.00. When I called to schedule I had to leave a voice mail, which was often the case with their competitor and I didn't get a call back. I did this three  times with no return call. So, the next day I was on the 10 going to work in traffic and one of the trucks for Option One was next to me. I wrote down their number and gave them a call. First, thing that impressed me someone actually answers the phone. I initially, scheduled the appointment the next day  for the morning time, but had to reschedule due to conflicting appointments.They were very helpful, easy to work with and affordable. They stuck to their quote and did the job professionally. I will use know other company than Option One in the future. Outstanding service, professional and they get the job done.
5	Saved our bacon and showed up quickly after we called for commercial services. They were able to fix the problem the 1st time unlike the company we used before (who didn't fix it). I will gladly refer this company to anyone who needs a plumber. Thank you for fixing our crappy situation! Literally!
1	Terrible service or should I say no service.  I was told the plumber would be at my place between 0800-1000 and guess what?  No one showed up nor was there a phone call.  I called 30min after to find out what happened. The lady (I believe they are out of state because she ask me what city I live in) told me he was on the way and he would call me.  No phone call or a plumber.  I called back again to cancel.  I called for another plumber who arrived in 15 min and more affordable.  I highly don't recommend this place unless you want to wait all day long not knowing whats going on then this is your place.  Terrible.
5	I had a blocked sewer line/toilet.  Shiloh was able to clear out the blockage within a short time.  He is professional, polite and an all-around nice young man.  Don't hesitate to ask for him if you have a problem.  There was no push to sell other services--the $49.50 price was quoted and lived up to.  Ethical company.Beverly B
5	My experience was much like Dan B.'s.  I called at 5pm and requested a visit the next morning 8-10am.  The plumber called and arrived @ 9am, was finisihed in 15-20 minutes, drain snaked and cleaned, $50.  Other services charge $250 or so in the past.  Customer service was friendly and accurate.  Overall a great experience.
1	Terrible Service. Missed service times on two occassions. Had to call back less than a week later for the same drain clog. The tech (Shilo) failed to explain what he had or had not done then he hung up and would not explain the situation.  Resorted to another plumber that cleared the drain in short order.
5	My husband and I recently moved into our new home and the plumbing backed up the same week we moved. Jesse with Option One came out and did a great job! He suggested getting camera down sewer to find problem. That same Saturday he came out with another plumber, Shiloh.  They both were such a big help and went above and beyond! I'll never use a different plumbing company!
5	Robert G. was excellent.  Super efficient service and quality work.  And way more affordable than anyone else we talked to!  Will definitely use again for any plumbing needs!
5	Very professional and helpful. They have the best rotor rooter machine. I was charged over $180 in 2012 by another company but drain still clogged- called these guys out a few days after that first failed company on a recommendation and for $50 they cleared out my drain no problem (their machine was way better too). Two years later they came out and cleared it again no hassles. I have an old house and old pipes so the regular clog is inevitable. We're just glad we have optionone to count on because they are super affordable and get the drains cleared fast. Best value and professional work for sure!
3	I would give this company a 4 or 5 stars if the first technician they sent out wasn't so bad. I was able to get a technician to come look at a clog bathtub on the same day that I called and he was on time. However, he did a really lousy job. Finish in less than 15 minutes that I was so surprise. I didn't even hear his snake running! I asked him did he even turn it on and he say it's a quiet one. I ran the tub to test it and it seem like it's still slow. He told me that I have to ran the shower to show that it's draining. Ok?? Since it's a 7 days warranty, I pay him for it. That night when we ran the shower, it still drain very slow!!! I called the company again and they will sent out someone to look at it the next day, they are not on time so we had to reschedule the following day. 45 minutes late but at least now the job is done properly. For a really decent price of $50 to fix your plumbing, I guess it's a matter of luck which technician you get.
5	We needed to have our main drain snaked on a Sunday. The water was backed up and we couldn't use showers or toilets. We called around and most places either weren't open on Sunday or charged a rediculous price to come out on a Sunday. Not these guys! They came out the same day and had the lowest price around. Ask for Devin. He did a great job with our plumbing issues. We hope not to have further problems, but if so, we will specifically request him next time.
5	Grandkids stopped up the toilet with baby wipes, toilet paper and a brush!  Devin came right away and did a terrific job...and only $49.50  Couldn't be happier.
5	Growing up in an older neighborhood and then moving into one myself I had an idea the older plumbing might be an issue and from day one both bathroom showers wouldn't drain well. After about 4 months of dealing with a slow drain I started looking for a plumber that works the Arcadia neighborhood and found these guys from a Nextdoor.com recommendation. For $50 a drain they do fast work. So fast it almost seems unbelievable that they did anything but the last 3 weeks the drains have worked as though they were brand new. The tech said he almost exclusively works our neighborhood and even was able to come out within 2 hours of my call (though he did say it's slow in the summer time, probably why). He even took the time to tell me what I can do to keep the drains running great and where I can go buy this enzyme stuff. I hope I don't need to call them again anytime soon but I know for an easy $50 they will be back out quickly to fix it again.
1	I take back my high review. They sent me a new plumber and he did not get my clog out and gave up and charged me $99 for NOTHING. I called another company and they snaked my pipe until they got the clog and my drains are finally clog free and worth every penny! I will never recommend option 1 to anyone. They are the cheapest but the lousiest service. They wanted to dig my yard for thousands, so not so cheap anymore when I lost basically $100 and time away from work and still had my drains clogged. The worst experience! Stay away and call a legitimate company that will help you and not just perform a generic rooter once and charge you with an invoice that says clog not cleared and leave your drains clogged.  I regret recommending them before.
5	Unfortunately we live in a old area with terrible plumbing, and have had our fair share of problems. We have now had this company come out 3 times to our house and they've always been super honest, and able to fix our problem within an hour or less! Our most recent visit we had Charles come out and he did a great job. However all of the technicians we've had in the past have been awesome as well. Definitely reccomend this company!
1	I scheduled this company to come to my house TWICE and both times they no showed. I called after the second time of them not showing up and the woman could seem to care less or be apologetic at all. I would never recommend anyone to use them.
