5	I was trying to remember what the name of this bookstore was...Sunnyslope Books...Trading Hands Bookstore....nope, just plain old Books, yes BOOKS. Simple name, simple store.  This is one of the best used bookstores I have been to in the valley.  Located in the sunnyslope area BOOKS is a good way to spend a lazy Sunday afternoon.  They have a great assortment of classics, fiction, non-fiction, cookbooks, romance, self-help, but my personal favorite is the travel section -  I could spend hours in this one section alone.If a lover of books, at a good price, BOOKS is a must.
4	I don't know how this place stays in business because I hardly ever see anyone else in the store. However they do it though, it's a good thing because this is a nice store with a large selection of used books. If you want free internet or a coffee house, this is not the place to go. However, if you are looking to find some new reading material than feel free to check it out. Fair prices and a large selection of reading material make this one of the few reasons to go this far up 7th Avenue into Sunnyslope.
3	BOOKS! Best name every. Decent selection of used books for a reasonable price.
5	I went into Books looking for a specific book by a fairly obscure British author and ended up finding a first edition copy for $13. I love this store. It's one of those places you can get lost in, looking at mysteries for 30 minutes then travel books for the next hour then vintage books for another 20 minutes. Endless selection in almost every genre. If you love books, you'll love Books.
4	WHY have I not gone here sooner? What a hidden gem! It is a used book store with rows and rows (and rows) of books of varied ages. I was looking for a specific book, The Death and Life of Great American Cities by Jane Jacobs, and had a quick second to pop in on may way to an appointment. There were so many books, I couldn't imagine it would be easy to find what I was looking for, but after a brief exchange which helped determine the book would be under "sociology" if they had it, we walked over to the clearly labeled row and began scanning the shelf by author. There it was! One copy. Old, a little bit of underlining already, but only three bucks! I can't wait to go back and snoop around see what other treasures lie on those shelves!Here's the deal about bringing in books: you don't get cash for them but you do get half off in trade.
3	I give this place 3 stars because of how friendly the lady that worked there was and how amazing their prices were. It was pretty unorganized though and I am sure that it is due to people moving books to where they shouldn't be and there just being too many books to keep organized. It is not a bad book store at all, just be prepared to have to dig and dig for what you are looking for. Worth it though for the prices :)
3	BOOKS. Who would have guessed that Books also has records? While visiting from San Francisco, we stumbled across a random, but much wanted record we had a hard time finding. While this bookstore has a huge selection of books and is the place to be for book lovers who love wandering around for hours for books - it is a little bit disorganized. I appreciated the wide variety of books - classics to cookbooks, new and rare - but it just needed some help with organization and space (but who has time for that?).
5	I spent an afternoon roaming around Books with a friend of mine. Great selection, great prices and a great atmosphere!
5	One of my favorite places to get used book! They have a big selection and the staff is really nice and always willing to help!
4	My best afternoon here. Most of the evening I pass here with books and with my friend with coffee. Great selection, nice place and great atmosphere...!! When I came here for the first time, it was unintentional trip. I was passing this place suddenly looked at this store and got stuck my eyes at a book that I was looking for two months. I asked for the book and the served me at a good rate.
