5	Terra Nostra is located in a strip mall, across from a Goodwill store.  You may find this a reflection of the taste within the restaurant, but you would be very very wrong.  Terra Nostra was a happen chance choice for my family while visiting Scottsdale for a conference last week.  We found it in a magazine and had one of the better italian meals we've ever had.  They have a large menu with plenty of choice.  The bread was fresh, the service was pleasant and responsive, and the decor was your typical italian wall paintings.  We ordered two plates of homemade pasta, eggplant parmensean, and the veal/shrimp plate.  All was delicious and dessert topped it all off.  Great place for a family meal, date, or group outing.
4	They have moved now to where the old "Water's Edge" used to be on Saguaro right across from the Fountain.  Have not eaten in the new place yet, but have still gotten take out.  THE BEST Marinara sauce anywhere.  Luigi's is now in their old place by Goodwill.
5	Great Italian restuarant, upscale location, nicely appointed, helpful service and wonderful menu.  Pricier but not unexpected for such a nice place.  Staff was gracious and kind, excellent recommendations (house balsamic salad dressing!) and the pasta special was wonderful.  Spacious parking, great view of the park and Fountain.  Although the restaurant was filled it was not too noisey or loud to carry on a conversation.  Really enjoyed our experience there last night.NOTE: I submitted an update to Yelp business, they have the address listed incorrectly.  It should be:13014 N. Saguaro BlvdFountain Hills, AZ85268
2	Had dinner here and was terribly disappointed after reading other yelp reviews. VERY tasteless and unispired Italian food. Meatballs & sausage were bland and mushy, salad was spring mix and blase' and the ravioli was doughy. ugh.  Won't be eating here again. Be warned.
1	Terrible.  Fish tasted like caught in sewer.  Veggies boiled to mush.  Out of most wines, tried to sell us bottle for twice what we wanted to pay.
5	Having been to Terra Nostra at their old location several times and really enjoyed it we decided to try their new location across from the lake.  What a wonderful, delightful restaurant with great food and ambiance.  There is nothing like this in Fountain Hills.  We sat outside and the service was wonderful, the food some of the best Italian we have had in a long time.  We found it very friendly, clean and charming.  To Chris in Chicago, go home if you can't find anything positive about places in Fountain Hills.  Having been to Chicago many times, I found the restaurants, cold, snobby and not quite like you fantasize!  How sad to write bad reviews on so many places.  My guess is you are not happy with much of anything.  Our veggies were fabulous, the wine was great and noone tried to sell us anything more.  $7.50 per glass and good.  The veal out of this world and the sauce fabulous!  This is a GREAT ITALIAN RESTAURANT and we highly recommend it!  FYI:  I have traveled all over the world and eaten at many wonderful restaurants, none of them in Chicago.......this is a very good place!
5	We moved here from Seattle and have been looking for a restaurant like Terra Nostra since arriving.  Finally we found it!  Without a doubt the best Italian in the area including Scottsdale.  This place is family owned and in a fabulous location overlooking Fountain Hills Lake.  If the weather is good you can eat outside which is lovely.  Inside is like being in Italy with lots of ambiance!  Then the best part, the food!  I have had the best veal I have had since Italy at this restaurant.  We have been there several times and find everything amazing including the service.  For any negative review on this page, the people probably are negative about everything.  In my opinion you can not go wrong here!  Fabulous!!!  Also for Chris, our fish was great and we were not pressured and you are out of line.  Sad that people do this to such a great place.  Check the other reviews, again....amazing and such wonderful people.  SO happy you are in FountainHills!
