2	I really was blown away at how poorly I was treated here. Family politics trumped customer service, however the massage by Taryn was marvelous. They have a $20 first time deal that I did for my self and my finacee. I scheduled them back to back, and she couldn't make it. So I had talked to the woman receptionist (wife of dr.) and asked if I could take hers for the $20 price and join them together for a longer massage. She said they usually don't do that, so I asked the therapist when I got there explaining to her the conversation I had with the woman before. Any ways I was under the impression that I was just paying $40 after the therapist came back and said "OK" after my request.Either way after a simple misunderstanding, the family teamed up on me telling me I was wrong. So walking out of a fantastic massage right into the firing range of this troubled family business. The wife and the husband got into an argument in front of me that was not tame to say the least At best my experience at Arcadia Chiropractic was horribly awkward. Anyways- the massage was really good, but the after effects made me feel worse than when I walked in.
5	Dr dom and his staff are amazing.  I can honestly say dr dom has been a life saver and he is not only a chiropractor, he is an expert physical therapist and more.  Where do I start?  My left shoulder has dislocated twice in the last year due to previous injury The first time , being in tremendous agonizing pain, I rushed to the nearest urgent care regretfully. Only to get the diagnosis that I sprained my shoulder, they injected me with pain and anti inflammatories and sent me on my way. I called a specialist as I could feel something was not right only to be given an appointment 1 week out. I couldn't sleep with the throbbing pain and needed help then. Luckily I thought I would atleast see if dr dom could help.  Within a few minutes of examination, dr dom could tell that the shoulder was displaced and explained to me exactly why and how. He put it back in and then his staff and his put me through about 20 minutes of rehab. Besides the shoulder, dr dom and his staff have helped me with tweet, injuries and pain caused from the active lifestyle I live.  He is an honest and very knowledgable doctor. In addition, Myself and all my employees have received CPR certification from dr dom.  This guy and his practice are the real deal for rehab, massage, physical therapy and chiropractic.
