1	It is with long consideration that I write this poor review.  The short of it is that a dispute over a copay could not be amicably resolved without an unpleasant discussion.I had been a happy patient/customer on and off for nearly 5 months. I tore my Achilles tender and calf muscle and was slowly rehabilitating my injuries. I have never missed a copayment during this period. Due to large part because Endurance rehab has a system in which the patient can not go into the treatment room without the door being unlocked. The door is only opened when payment is made. So, you can imagine my surprise when I was told that I had missed a payment.  I told them that I'm sure I made the payment but that I will check my on line banking account to make sure. I make payments with my debit card. Once home I check my records and it was clear that the payment was made. When I came in for my next treatment. I told them that the payment was made and their response was that I needed to have a print out of my payment history. Now I haven't done this before so I call my bank for help. Isolating payments to one retailer is not a minor task.  The statement has balance information and my husband didn't want us to share it with Endurance Rehab. After considerable time on the phone I got the payment history. But it had our checking balance on it. We were not willing to share that info with Endurance Rehab.My next appt. I told them that my husband & I don't want to share banking balances with them. It got unpleasant from there. The woman at the counter said that she was done arguing with me and that she was going to take care of the discrepancy.  This had been going on for a week and a half. The bottom line is that customer service is a problem with Endurance Rehab.  I can not recommend this Physical Therapy to anyone. There are too many to choose from.
5	I am a professional triathlete that has been unable to race for the better part of a year. After numerous diagnoses and failure to find relief from what I thought was simply tight muscles throughout my right side and into my hip I visited Endurance Rehab in Scottsdale. I was able to get an appointment with Nate (he is awesome) and after a very thorough exam I walked away with not only a diagnosis but a plan! This was a very BIG deal for me because it gave me 1) hope and 2) a time frame to recovery and back to racing and training pain free!My diagnosis: 2 herniated thoracic discs and lower back impingement that all but shut down my ability to race and train without constant pain. I woke up in pain and went to bed in pain daily! That was back in December.. I am very pleased to say that after less than 4 weeks working with the beautiful and intuitive Christina I was feeling less discomfort and pain and had more "good days" and fewer "bad days" as far as pain was concerned. After only 16 weeks of (2x/week) visits and dedication outside of the visits that I am back to short distance races and am looking forward to my next half Ironman in September. Endurance Rehab does an excellent job no matter what your diagnosis. They work with athletes, the elderly and everyone in between. No task is too large or too small for their dedicated staff. If you have an injury or ailment that could benefit from therapy.. make Endurance Rehab your first stop!
5	I have been going to Endurance rehab in Phoenix and Scottsdale off and on for different issues for the last 2 years.  Prior to Endurance, I had been in Physical therapy for a few years for a ruptured patella and had made little to no progress.  I couldn't run at all, and even walking up and down steps was very difficult.  The doctors wanted to discharge me, but after a visit with another ortho, I was able to get an evauluation with Endurance.The evaluation process was very thorough, and they spent a lot of time with me explaining everything, and answered all of my questions.  Within the first 3 months, I had made significant progress, and the experience in each session was much more rigorous.  You have someone working with you through exercises for at least an hour, and you spend 20-30 minutes with the terapist doing different modalities (Astym, Dry needling, etc).  This was far different than my other experience where I went into a small room and did 5 exercises and left within 30 minutes.  Now my knee is fully functional and I am able to run again.  I also have seen them for 2 slipped disc injuries that were a result of an auto accident.  I was skeptical that PT would help with the injuries, but within a week the symptoms improved and I have not had any issues since.I highly recommend Endurance Rehab, and I will be returning there if I have any future issues (finger crossed that doesn't happen)
