3	To quote from this post http://tastyburgher.com/2006/09/29/jozsa-corner/:"Need an adventure? A new place with new food? A restaurant completely like any other in the whole of Pittsburgh? Well you've hit right upon it! Jozsa Corner is a tiny Hungarian restaurant in Hazelwood and is at the very tip top of my recommendation list at this moment in (time. You have to make an appointment with the chef, not a reservation - an appointment, and when you go for dinner he just brings you pile after pile of food, you know not what till it arrives. Mysterious enough yet? You have to go - trust me, you'll love it!"(In my opinion, it's definitely an experience worth having, but be prepared for a whole lot of cabbage, egg noodles, and paprika.)
4	About 15 years ago, the owner would sell pocket sandwiches to people sitting in traffic along 2nd ave. I tried one of these and it was excellent: a good combination of fresh baked bread, meat, spices, etc. I've stopped by a few times since, but you never really know what will be served, or if the place is even open. This is truly a one man operation, and definitely an experience in dining. So yes, make your reservation, bring a bottle of Hungarian Bull's Blood wine, and enjoy authentic Hungarian cooking and a social experience.
4	This is one of the most unique dining experiences in Pittsburgh.  You have to call in advance for an appointment (at least 24 hours) and have a minimum of 4 guests because the owner/server/cook cooks all of the food that day for you and needs to know how much to prepare.  There is an overabundance of delicious hungarian cuisine (goulash, homemade breads, pickled cucumber sauce, red cabbage dish, spaetzle-type dish, homemade sausage, etc) for only $15 a person.  This is a deal like no other.  It is BYOB and they have cultural nights (think Hungarian movies, sing-a-longs, etc) the second Friday of every month.  Alex, the owner, is a huge part of your meal as well.  He is very friendly and has some great stories.  I truly feel that everyone in Pittsburgh should try this place.  It is so unique.
4	I have to highly recommend Jozsa Corner to anyone looking for a unique and memorable dining experience.  It honestly feels like you're being invited into someone's home in Hungary to enjoy family recipes passed down from generation to generation.  The food is delicious, but the freshly baked bread was the best part of the meal.  Hungarian food has never gotten the credit it is due outside of its country of origin (try finding a Hungarian restaurant as authentic as this anywhere), and this is the best I've had in the U.S.Alex, the owner and cook, is also an artist, with an amazing life story and he will talk your ear off about it.On the downside, Jozca Corner suffers from a frequent Pittsburgh problem: BYOB.  It is also in an depressing area (think Post-Industrial Meltdown), and you have to make a special reservation here, since it's tiny and closes unexpectedly and periodically.At the same time, aren't you tired of eating the same food over and over again?  Give this place a shot.
5	Alex is the nicest chef in town! The food is great value and the atmosphere is best. One hint: go on a cold night, the dining area is always very warm.
5	Are you hungry for something more substantial?  Jozsa is an unusual place, and a very rich cultural experience.  Hungarian music, stories, folk art, and absolutely deliciously authentic down home Hungarian family style cooking.  Alex the chef and owner is larger than life and he is on a mission to share the Hungarian food and cultural traditions.  There's nothing fancy about this place...it's a different kind of dining ambiance.  Alex cooks whatever he wants and he keeps bringing it in generous platters to your table.  Home made bread, pickled red cabbage, Chicken Paprikash, Hungarian Goulosh, and more. It's BYOB, there are wine glasses and openers on a side table.  Everything is paper plates and plastic spoons.  Cash only. Appointment only.  Second Friday of the month is a special Hungarian Cultural night and it's discounted prices and features an enhanced cultural experience.
5	Jozsa's Corner was an authentic and rewarding experience. The food was tasty and well priced. Fun was had by all. You sit in a family room with walls covered in old black and white hungarian photos at a table for 10, the lighting is low and the music is reminiscent of a European corner market. The table is covered in plastic and the dining wear is plastic, but the warmth of the environment, foot and Jozsa more than make up for any lack in formality.Jozsa, the man who cooks your meal and serves you is a 70 year old Hungarian with a friendly smile and a lot of great stories to tell. The authentic and delicious tasting menu that was had by our party was 6 course meal with appetizer, soup, noodle dish, beef dish, chicken dish, and a dessert, served family style in generous portions. The drinks were byob. You get so cozy and full that it is hard to leave.  The grand total for the hospitality, unique experience and 6 all you can eat courses?  $20 with tax and gratuity including.  If you live in Pittsburgh, don't miss out on this little known hidden gem!
4	We had a great time at Jozsa's Corner. Alex was a great host and cook! The atmosphere complimented the food and visa versa. Loved the bread at the beginning of the meal and pretty much everything else that followed.It's a great place to go with a group of friends for good food and good conversation!
4	Unique dining experience.  Alex made us feel like we were in his home.  The food was just what we expected; fried bread, cabage and noodles, cabbage salad, pork and sauerkraut, chicken paprikas, chicken noodle soup, and more fried bread for desert.  Loads of paprika, dill, and caraway.  On the 2nd Friday of the month he offers a 7-8 course meal for $15 plus tip and there is usually also entertainment!  And everyone got to bring home some leftovers.This place is best for open minded groups that want to experience something new and like to learn about other cultures.  Definately bring enough booze to keep you busy for a couple hours.  Prepare to share some wine with Alex, he prefers white and likes to give you a toast.  There are hungarian wines offered at the major spirits stores throughout the city.
5	I love this place and chose to have my birthday dinner with a group of friends this year! I called a couple of weeks in advance to get on the calendar (not sure if that's necessary, but I was glad to have it all sorted). We got there at 8 - there was a group of 10-12 people at each of the 3 long tables in the place. Packed so tightly I couldn't push my chair back at all, because it was pressed against that of the person behind me. This is not meant to be a deterrent - it just reminds you that you're somewhere special. After passing around some of the wine and beers we'd brought, the food started coming. Alex knows what he is doing and gets it just right, serving everything family-style so there is enough for everyone to eat just enough, without getting to that uncomfortably full point. Alex came out with a candle and birthday wishes in Hungarian, and the whole restaurant sang to me. We brought a cake, and passed around the extra once our table had gotten some. You feel like you're at a big old family gathering, where you don't remember everyone's name, but you're all related, and you leave feeling warm and full of everything good!
5	Old world hungary meets mid century Pittsburgh via your host Alex...He shares with you stores of how his Hungarian grandmother made the dishes and he strives to keep the dishes traditional. We learned how he keeps his crepes fluffy, and bread soft, and seasons his dishes to savory perfection. The atmosphere is homey with embroidered Hungarian wall hangings, and old world kitchen and a Victorian couch I dubbed the "fainting couch" because we were all so full I was sure I needed to lay down before the last course.The food is savory and peasant style, this means meat, sauce or juice lots of spices and egg noodles. Seems to be a balance of salty cabbage, maybe paprika and cumin, chicken and i believe beef were in the main dishes. Lots of homemade bread for dunking. A cucumber salty, almost pickled salad with dill and sour cream. Crepes and cookies for desert mm and a very sweet traditional toast to our birthday girl.Tips: if you run out of food ask for more! he is happy to bring out more bowls full, park around the back on the other side of train tracks, you'll see what I mean when you get there.BYOB, red or white wine go well with these dishes.Plan for at least two hours or three hours..... ever eaten a course meal in France?It is kind of like that, no? Then just plan for 3 hours you'll need to pace yourself and he cooks as you eat.We paid 20$ per person, this included the tip.Every time I had driven by this place I had thought it was closed, what a pleasant surprise to find its not!
2	I started off going to write a really bad review because I really didn't like the food. And as for atmosphere, this place is a hole in the wall, literally. There is a hole punched through the wall from the entrance (which looks like an old bar) to the room where you eat . You have to squeeze through the kitchen area also to get to the room with the tables.Our party of 3, were the only customers in the place for Saturday at lunchtime so I'm not sure if that affected the food that was served. I have to say that the bread that was served was great, chewy, crusty and warm. The second serving was a homemade chicken soup that was also great tasting but was full of bones. If you have children don't let them have the soup unless you check it first and carefully. Some of the bones were very small. The next was halushki which was ok, but very greasy. Then some kind of potato dish with paprika and vinegar.I didn't like this sour dish at all. then came pork and sauerkraut, chicken and noodles, both of which I had to ask what it was because the meat was just a condiment in these. There was no meat pieces bigger than your fingernail.Somewhere in the mix a cucumber salad was served and it was wonderful.  Nothing was served fresh, except the bread, everything was pre made and heated up for our meal.  For this meal we were charged $20 each, and mostly our food was cabbage, noodles (not homemade) and canned sauerkraut flavored with meat bits and paprika but there was lots of it. I admit that I don't know much about Hungarian food so I looked up multiple web sites  for Hungarian recipes and what was made seems authentic and I'm sure that his grandmother had to use little meat to make ends meet, but I would have liked it better   to have less food with better quality food.
4	If you have yet to make it out to Jozsa Corner, make an appointment now! One of a kind experience that is a must. Minimum of four people on the weekdays and six on the weekends. You definitely need to call to make a reservation as there is limited seating and food but am not sure of how things are noted - there was a mix up with mine where when I called we were bundled with a birthday party but he couldn't remember when we got there but nonetheless he didn't want to turn us away so squeezed us in the corner in the back room. The decor fits the restaurant - I think we sat next to a mirror and record player... The food as others reviewers said was non stop and does consist of cabbage, noodles and sausage and bread. You eat out of paper plates and utensils. Bring cash and BYOB. Parking in the back across the tracks. All of it was awesome though and Alex is quite the host!!
5	Not only is the food delicious but the chief cook,bottle washer, and charming host Alex is a real treasure to his community. He supports the local neighborhood gardens and helps hold that little corner of the universe together. Vicki Chapman
4	I decided on Josza's corner for a big family dinner to celebrate my grandmother's birthday. She does not like going out to fancy/expensive places so, after reading the reviews and finding out that after some research on ancestry.com she may be at least 50% Hungarian, I called Alex to make reservations for a Sunday, 12 people. When I read the reviews, I thought that I had a good idea of what it would be like but, to be honest, I was taken aback when we arrived. To say that building was old would be the understatement of the century. My family was surprised and a little worried after seeing the outside of the building. This is not your typical chain restaurant set up. This is what I would consider authentic. If you went to visit your long lost relatives in Hungary and great grandma welcomed you to her home to serve you a big meal, this is probably what her house would look like. The fact that the restaurant shows its age and its use made it more real for me. But don't expect frills and thrills. That's the food's job. You have to walk through the small kitchen to get to the back room where three long tables are set up. The tables are covered in plastic table cloths and there are plastic utensils and styrofoam plates in the middle. The room is filled with pictures, knick knacks and other memorabilia. Alex also turned on some authentic music for ambience.We opened the wine we brought and loosened our belts. Then the food started. Served family style. Appetizers were first. Amazing flat bread, cabbage salad and a tomato/pepper soupy concoction that blew me away. Next course: peasant soup. Think the warm, flavorful chicken soup grandma would make you from scratch when you were sick. Warms the soul. Next up: cabbage and noodles. My favorite with a few spices for a little kick on the classic. Then the entrees came. Transylvanian pork with cabbage and served with bread. Then a chicken dish with noodles. After all of the food was served, Alex came out with a plate of dessert-crepe/tortilla type bread with chocolate chips and dates. Alex then answered our questions about history and culture. All of this for 20$ a person. We added a little extra for an extra tip. All in all, my family embraced the experience and had a wonderful time leaving full, happy and with an appreciation for all the wonderful things we have today.
2	Not sure why I was banned to the "It doesn't count " page but I stand by my original review.I started off going to write a really bad review because I really didn't like the food. And as for atmosphere, this place is a hole in the wall, literally. There is a hole punched through the wall from the entrance (which looks like an old bar) to the room where you eat . You have to squeeze through the kitchen area also to get to the room with the tables.Our party of 3, were the only customers in the place for Saturday at lunchtime so I'm not sure if that affected the food that was served. I have to say that the bread that was served was great, chewy, crusty and warm. The second serving was a homemade chicken soup that was also great tasting but was full of bones. If you have children don't let them have the soup unless you check it first and carefully. Some of the bones were very small. The next was halushki which was ok, but very greasy. Then some kind of potato dish with paprika and vinegar.I didn't like this sour dish at all. then came pork and sauerkraut, chicken and noodles, both of which I had to ask what it was because the meat was just a condiment in these. There was no meat pieces bigger than your fingernail.Somewhere in the mix a cucumber salad was served and it was wonderful.  Nothing was served fresh, except the bread, everything was pre made and heated up for our meal.  For this meal we were charged $20 each, and mostly our food was cabbage, noodles (not homemade) and canned sauerkraut flavored with meat bits and paprika but there was lots of it. I admit that I don't know much about Hungarian food so I looked up multiple web sites  for Hungarian recipes and what was made seems authentic and I'm sure that his grandmother had to use little meat to make ends meet, but I would have liked it better   to have less food with better quality food.
5	This place is so unique which is why I'm giving it 5 stars.  You do need a minimum number of people so make sure you call ahead to get the deets on that.  It's like being invited to a friend's house where they are making you a home cooked Hungarian meal!  I wasn't really sure what Hungarian food consisted of before making my way here but there's noodles, meat, cabbage and bread involved.  Oh the bread - it seriously came right out of the oven on to our table in to our mouths - it was PERFECT!  The place is BYOB and is very casual and cash only.  So make sure you bring some good company, bottles of wine and cash!  The owner is extremely sweet and will talk you through the dishes if you have questions.
5	Simply the best! His "hungarian fire bread" is seriously addictive. Generous portions - authentic flavor and aesthetics - and goid story telling!
5	We had a wonderful time and great food and plenty of it. Plan to take my family ther the next time they are in town.
4	This place is pretty special...although, it's in a sketchier part of town.  And since it's in an old house, it's a little intimidating to approach...and even when you walk in, you are smack-dab in the middle of the very small kitchen.  But...oh the smells that come from that kitchen!  Pure Hungarian Heaven!!  The dining room is a little on the crammed side and if you have a large group, expect to be bumping elbows...but, since it's all family-style, you are getting cozy anyway.  The food is extremely authentic and Alex makes you feel like you are just part of the family.  I love that the menu changes with the season and that he just cooks what he wants and you eat it or you don't...but trust me...you will want to eat it!!!!  If you are expecting a romantic fine-dining experience here...you will be disappointed. There is no sliverware (plastic is what you get)..but, you will likely become fast friends with people at other tables since everyone is in such a happy place whiel they are there.  Go with an open mind...you will enjoy it!
4	This was definitely one of the most unique dining experiences I've had - it's more like going over to someone's house for a dinner party who loves to cook rather than going to a restaurant. The proprietor, Alex, is very friendly and talkative and introduces himself upon your arrival. The food is whatever he has decided to prepare for you and comes out in multiple courses served family style. There's definitely more food than can be consumed reasonably, so make sure to save room during the earlier courses for the later courses. At the end, he will provide containers to take leftovers home.As this was my first experience with Hungarian food, I wasn't sure what to expect, so I was pleased that I enjoyed ALL of the dishes! The restaurant doesn't hold standard hours, so you need to call ahead to make a reservation. When you call, you can provide dietary restrictions, e.g. indicating that you would prefer vegetarian versions of the dishes. If you enjoy wine with dinner, make sure to BYOB. There is no corkage fee. My only minor complaint with the setup is the waste of styrofoam dishes and plastic utensils, and the fact that it's not as nice to eat with them as compared to real dishes/utensils. Also, just set your expectations properly, don't expect a fancy set up. This is akin to eating in someone's house.
4	There's always a first time for things, and this is a first in my book...Sketchy looking building. Check.Enter through a kitchen and dine in someone's living room. Check.Eat Hungarian food from an older man who makes everything in said kitchen. Check.Communal dinning with strangers. Check.It's definitely a one of a kind experience. So for $15 you get 6 courses. Yep, that's right... SIX! And seriously, all the second helpings you could ever want. They literally tell you to clear off the plate or bowl before removing it from the table! It was a packed house, with three parties of 8-10 people, and then we were the odd "man" out with a party of 5. The problem was, the tables sat about 12, so we had to split up between two tables. Not necessarily ideal, but we made it work. Especially because the 2 of us who has together had a pretty fun table to converse with... I don't think that can be said for the other 3. But my only real suggestion for the place is to schedule the seating a little better.I don't even know where to start with all the food. Some dishes were really really good, while others were just okay. Maybe I'll start with the okay. The first dish, the fried dough and mushrooms (sorry if there's a proper Hungarian name for this that I don't know) was just okay. The mushrooms tasted like they had come out of a can. Maybe they didn't, but they weren't flavored very well. The peasant soup was good. It was peppery, which I appreciate and tasted more like chicken noodle soup.Everything else, I can say, was very tasty. I didn't realize Hungarian culture shares Haluski as a dish. I love Haluski, but think it can easily be bland. Not with this. Again, it had enough pepper and even salt to satisfy me. The sauerkraut and pork was great and the pork was very tender. I'm not even a big pork fan and thought it was good. But the thing I will remember the most is the goulash and chicken. I NEVER order chicken at restaurants. I don't like cooking it at home. I'm just not a big fan. But this was the best, most flavorful and tender chicken I've ever had. It was delicious! That is saying a lot from me, an anti-chicken gal! It was really cool at the end because Alex, the owner and cook, came out and talked about Hungarian history. You think about how America has become such a melting pot, you don't know if you'll get this kind of experience a decade from now. It just was very heartwarming to hear him speak so passionately about Hungarian culture.
2	I feel like I'll be dodging arrows on this review, but it needs to happen.I've been wanting to try Jozsa's for almost two years after the barrage of positive vibes I've heard from multiple people.  So when we were looking for a quiet, unique and BYOB spot for Mother's Day, the perfect opportunity presented itself.I called Alex a few weeks prior, and after an impromptu conversation about everything from my last name to his friends that were in the area, I managed to secure a reservation for 7 at 5pm.  Needless to say, I was thrilled given his hours can be inconsistent and it all depends on whether he "has people in."Driving up to Jozsa's, I had already expected it to be run-down and sketchy, but even it pushed my comfort zone a little.  After parking our car, I was completely relieved when we walked in (weren't exactly sure if we were even entering the front door) and were greeted by Alex in all of his Hungarian hospitality...  that hospitality (and perhaps his food) is about all that prevented this from being a rare 1-star review.When I told Alex we were here for our 5pm reservation, I immediately knew something was wrong.  After confirming that we in-fact had made a reservation, Alex let us know that "something had gone wrong" and there were way more people than he had expected.  Peering into the dining room, I've never seen more people packed into such a small space (and I could see the discontent brewing).  As he didn't want to turn us away, they wedged a table in the corner of the kitchen semi-under the standing counter.  After wedging us in (my brother and I had to lean forward the entire meal so that we weren't hitting our heads on the counter behind us and my mother's chair was up against the front door) ANOTHER group of 5 walked in with reservations as well.  While I didn't see the aftermath of their placement, Alex mentioned he was going to squeeze them in with another table of 7 in the dining room (I honestly don't know how he did).Finally seated, I was excited to try the food.  When I talked to Alex on the phone, he confirmed what many had told me in that it would be a multi-course Hungarian meal for $15 pp.  The courses were as follows:1.  Mushrooms and fried dough2.  Cabbage and noodles3.  Pork and bread4.  Cucumber salad5.  Dessert (more fried dough, some nuts, and some craisins w/ powdered sugar)While I could of passed the first course (the mushrooms were definitely from a can and the dough would of been much better if it were warm), the second and third completely reminded me of my grandmother's Polish cooking...  to die for.  After that however, the cucumber salad and dessert (if you could even call it that) were definitely a miss.During the entire meal, Alex exhibited an almost a bi-polar personality.  With the other cook in the kitchen, he awkwardly berated her in front of us.  But while interacting directly with us, he was the sweet big old Hungarian man that I had heard so much positive praise about.As we were getting ready to pay our bill, some of the other tables from the dining room began to leave (we'd know because my mother had to slide her chair forward to let them out every time).  It was at this point, Alex went on what I can only call a hunt for his money...  more or less interrogating everyone as they left to see if they paid and how much.  After an extremely disgruntled party left (I believe it was the 7 that got crammed with the bonus party of 5), it came our turn to pay and leave."$20 plus tip please."What?  So much for that $15 he mentioned on the phone (and on his menu).  I don't know if he jacked the price up for Mother's Day or what, but at this point I didn't feel like arguing in front of the family (it already had reached enough of an awkward point) so I got the cash and gave it to Alex.  As we were leaving, he pleaded us to return and kind of refused to stop talking and let us go (kind of that awkward interaction everyone has dealt with from a grandmother and grandfather in their lifetime).Overall, we gave Jozsa's every shot to be the place we wanted it to be.  We even considered early on in the meal bringing the wife's family for another excursion at some point in the future.  I don't know if it was just a bad experience due to Mother's Day, the overbooking or both, but it was bad enough that we likely won't give Jozsa Corner another shot in the future.
4	Went here for the birthday celebration of a fabulous friend. When we got there we weren't really sure where to enter the building, but luckily a friend was already there and helped us in. We met the owner Alex in his kitchen and soon after everyone got settled the food began. There were so many different courses and delicious food and names that I definitely can not spell so I will highlight a few of the best offerings. We were started off with some homemade bread with mushrooms that was delicious and definitely got us ready for the rest of the food. The soup was hearty and delicious. I even took seconds (which in hindsight was crazy since there was so much more food!). My favorite dishes of the night had to be the cabbage and noodles which may sound crazy, but had so much flavor that I kept going back to it throughout the evening. Another favorite was the smoky chicken paprikash. This was such a wonderful and unique experience.
