4	Great customer service. Spa pedicure is done right. :-)
1	I walked in the door of this place and wanted to run, but I waited to see if they would seat me right away. I was greeted right away, however there was nobody there ready to do nails. They told me I could sit at one of the nail stations, but when I saw how DIRTY the seat was, I didn't' even want to sit. I looked around and the place was NOT clean. I was afraid I was going to get a disease, so I walked out. I will not go back. Needless to say, I don't know how well they perform any services, but if you want to take a chance, then by all means. I was grossed out though.
1	Do not go to this place for any waxing! The lady seriously ripped my skin off. The day she did it, it hurt way more than it normally does and burned later on in the day, not to mention it was red beyond belief. The day after, I looked like I had gotten beaten up because above my eyes it was swollen and red. Now that two days have gone by, my eyes are literally scabbing. I've added pictures, take a look. You definitely get what you pay for, and I get that it's a quick, convenient, cheaper-than-normal type place, but nobody should look like this after getting their eyebrows waxed.
5	I love this place! Peter, Nancy, Lilly, and the rest of the crew are wonderful. Great service!
4	From out of town and I stopped here with one of my friends at the beginning of my birthday weekend celebration and I have to say......Best pedicure I have ever had! Very relaxing and comfortable. She even did a great job with the foot scrub and massage, and I am very ticklish. :) We were greeted and seated right away when we came in. The only things that could have been better would be softer lighting,  relaxing music, and a cup of tea or water. Great experience overall and a fantastic start to my weekend.
1	Worst mani  ever. She didn't sanitize the tools after she was done.  They all rinse them with water then put then into a box with a paper towel. I saw it and confronted her she lied and said she did sanitize. Someone come take their license away, please.
