5	Delicious ice cream made on the premises by friendly local owners. Mt Lebanon Uptown has needed a place like this for years. Thank you Betsy and Ryan for fulling this yawning chasm of need.
2	They had interesting flavors and friendly service, but charged $3.98 for the smallest scoop I've ever had.
1	After enjoying Darren's review of Betsy's Ice Cream I ended up their with my friend Joy who totally loves a good bowl of milk, cream, sugar, and flavorings. She wasn't impressed, and she didn't get much. They are pretty small servings for the premium amount they charge. I tried some sorbet, not bad, a little on the overly sweet side. I'll stick to Scoops on Beverly and Carini's Home Made Ice Cream down on Dormont Ave before I hit this place up again.Just a note: After posting my review I received an email through YELP from the owner(?) Manager(?) of Betsy's Ice Cream asking what I could do to get a better score from my review. He mentioned that he was training his staff to serve bigger portions but some staff just weren't getting it done on the front line. He also said would look into changing his recipe. My response to him would be to make sure the staff is trained BEFORE putting them on the lines to HIS satisfactory. You can buy an entire half gallon of premium Ice Cream for the four bucks Betsy charges for two tiny miniscule scoops. As for the sorbet, I'm not a fan and normally I would choose frozen fat free yogurt but I didn't see any. To me any sherbet is overly sweet.
5	What you gonna do...get some ice cream...homemade ice cream!  Yum!   We were walking by a couple of weeks ago when Betsy's first opened up and the kids didn't want any cuz we just had dinner upstreet.  Well, last night they decided they needed a treat and off to Betsy's we went. Rich and creamy ice cream, all homemade, some different flavors.  I had a scoop of the coconut chip and it was delicious.  As to size and price: it was a standard one scoop and only $2.  They do sell it by size and I ordered the one scoop or "small". The place is nice, newly painted and clean with some chalkboard tables.  Service was friendly and they did spend a few moments answering my questions about the business and making of ice cream.
4	Just what Mt. Lebanon needed. A real homemade ice cream shop. I didn't experience anything that was truly out of this world but nevertheless I can appreciate the creamy homemade goodness. Plenty of places to sit and the prices aren't too bad. I think that the min credit card charge is now $5. I think that is pretty standard for a lot of places, heck right down the road at Pamela's they don't even accept cards so I'm that there is even this option. I can see that I will be coming here a lot in the future....
4	Love. Cute place and convenient location for boo and me. Yum!
2	We live within easy walking distance so Friday night we took a stroll up to the new ice cream shop. My wife and I split a chocolate chip and the kids had cookies and cream and something else very colorful. The chocolate chip had nice sized chips but the actual ice cream was lacking creaminess and sweetness , the cookies and cream was a good hit. We will try again but I might suggest adding more chocolate based ice cream flavors.
4	Glad to see a local ice cream shop arrive in the downtown area of Mt. Lebanon. Perfection, as I can work up a decent appetite during the stroll to and from the shop! This place seems to be perpetually busy, and for good reason. I think that the ice cream is better than the shop on Beverly, and the waffle cones are definitely delicious. I haven't been back in a few weeks, so perhaps they are working on this already, but the thing that I hope will improve: line management. It was chaos, as the server was trying to help people at the closer end of the counter, while others were going around and then being waited on by the other server out of turn. I can see how this would happen, as people want to take a look at all of the flavors, but maybe putting up some kind of physical barrier, like a bank rope or cattle corral (ala Your Favorite Amusement Park) would help with the confusion? Otherwise, the mob may take others down in a starving, drooling fit of rage...I'm looking forward to many more visits on warm summer evenings!
4	I stopped in here last night with my girlfriend for ice cream after eating nearby on Washington Road.  The shop is cute with an old school feel to it.  They had 16 different ice creams with some interesting flavors and names mixed in amongst the more traditional ones.  The flavors/names that stood out to me were a red raspberry lavender, lemon cardamom sorbet and a chocolate based ice cream with the name of freshman 15.  Off to the side they also had a topping bar and it looked like you could put as many of the toppings on your ice cream as you wanted for $1.50.  Since my girlfriend and I had just eaten, we decided to split a small lemon cardamom sorbet.  After we got our sorbet we decided to sit down and eat it there.  I was delighted to see that our tables were actually chalkboards and that there was chalk on the table.  So while we ate our sorbet I was able to play tic-tac-toe which made me happy.  The sorbet itself was pretty good for the first few bites but ended up being a bit sweet by the end.  Whenever I order a lemon sorbet I generally think of a more tart flavor and this sorbet did not have that flavor.  Regardless of that I still enjoyed it and my experience here.The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here for ice cream in the future.  The chalkboard tables combined with their flavors and names made for a good experience that I look forward to having again in the future.
5	The only ice cream shop in uptown? That will get you 3 stars. But spicy chocolate ice cream? Amazing. The prices are outrageously low for the quality. This place  is an gem.
5	Betsy's is a great addition to Washington Road.  They offer a great selection of ice cream and frozen treats.  And the owners are so accommodating--I asked if they would be willing to make an ice cream cake for my nephew's birthday, and, although they had not done one yet, agreed to cater it to a four year old's wishes (all over vanilla, etc) and it was a huge hit!!!  Thank you Ryan!Would recommend this place to anyone.
5	This place kicks a$$!  We have probably visited here about 5 times now.  Never one of those times did we leave disappointed.  Their ice cream is home made and amazing.  The flavor called "Pittsburgh Pride" is so good I dream about it.  The Salted Caramel, well, WOW is it good!  The toppings bar is an additional $1 or $1.50, I am pretty sure, and lots of goodies to slap on your ice cream.  My kids love that they can draw on the tables - they are chalkboards, so you can really have a great time!  Get over there, people!
5	Love this place! Their "gourmet" ice cream flavors are so delicious! Great, friendly service, too. My son loves the all-you-can-eat topping bar.
3	Ice cream was ok. Got the chocolate hot pepper. Nice flavor of spicy throughout, both my partner's ice cream and I had chunks of ice, which wasn't appetizing. The $5 minimum was annoying, had to spend an extra $1 on topping to meet the minimum which I didn't want or need. I probably won't go back. Would rather buy a pint of b&j or spend a little extra more and get jenny's. Ice cream could have been creamier and richer.
5	Betsy's is OFF.THE.HOOK!  Here's why - nice serving sizes; creative, unique flavors; friendly staff and patrons; homemade - just think about that; they have frozen yogurt available too (usually 4 flavors) (Forget that newcomer that opened across the street, Betsy's is the place for frozen treats!)What could be improved:- it's kind of loud in there, with the running of the compressors for the to-go cooler and the froyo machines.- flimsy spoons.  Seriously, cut into your margin a little bit and get some sturdier spoons.  The ice cream is kind of hard (a good thing), but the flimsy spoons just bend.  Go look at the spoons from the place across the street, Scoops, and DQ and compare them and you'll see what I mean.Betsy's will remain our first choice for ice cream and froyo, not only because their product is superior (ice cream and atmosphere), but because Ryan and Betsy are good people and we want to see them succeed.
4	Sometimes when I get to a place, I think, what took me so long?! This, my friends, is one of those places!Since being a new South Hills resident, I refuse to start the "there's nothing in the South Hills" argument. So I go in search. And sometimes there's hits and sometimes there's misses. This is definitely a hit! Betsy's is a two fold treat. One because they specialize in some funky fresh flavors. I'm not even a fan of lavender, but I loved the lavender raspberry! I actually went through and tried like six flavors! I'm gonna have to say the Pittsburgh Pride is probably my main jam because I love cake batter, I love brownies and I love some chocolate fudge drizzle! But if you like quirky flavors, this has gotta be a stop on the ice cream train for you!So the cherry on top is literally that you can top your ice cream with a bountiful supply of sweats over at the toppings bar. I mean, c'mon! You already have this gourmet flavored ice cream and you want more? Some people love the decadence (me included!), but I think for your virgin venture here, go for the simple samples of ice cream. Then go ham on the toppings the next time. Because there will be a next time!
5	What a cute little hideaway. I noticed Betsy's when I was coming out of Potomac Bakery. Despite the fact that I had just purchased some sweet treats, I couldn't pass up an opportunity to try a new (to me) ice cream place and I am so glad I did.  I crossed the street and walked into a blast from the past. The classic decor and chalkboard table tops immediately escorted me back to my childhood. And what a selection! There are the classic flavors and some really interesting new age flavors as well. Ever tried lemongrass ice cream? Me neither. But, they do have interesting artisan flavors for the bold ice cream adventurer. Not I. I went with the Pittsburgh pride. Cake batter, oreos, and brownies? Everything I love about ice cream rolled into one. Those two scoops barely lasted three minutes once I took the first bite. I'm not sure why some of the other reviews say that the ice cream is pricey. My two hearty scoops was $2.50. And they accepted a credit card for this small amount. No minimum. Which was great since I spent my cash at the bakery. Bottom line- LOVE this place. Can't wait to go back.
5	Ok, we stopped back in (it had been waaaaayyyyy to long).  They have new spoons that are _much_ better than the old ones. Entirely better ice cream experience. Also, it did seem less noisy than before, I don't know if they changed anything, but talking quietly seemed easier. I need to mention again the unique flavors that they offer here. When I was there, I had the egg nog, which is just amazing. Seriously, I could eat this for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. This was eclipsed by the Spiced Cider Sorbet, made with local Trax Farm cider. Holy crap people!  This is brilliant and delicious. Aside from all this, they're also hosting the community angel tree (gifts for children).  Good people.
5	Being from the east side of Pittsburgh, I never heard of Betsy's until a friend told me about it and brought a sample to our business. It was absolutely outstanding and I had to visit the store to get more! It is truly the best ice cream I've ever had! It was so creamy and flavorful! The prices are comparable to other ice cream places, but so much better! The store itself is quaint and the chalkboard tables take you back to your childhood. The salted caramel ice cream is hands down my favorite! We will be sure to frequent Betsy's this summer!
5	BAKLAVA and RASPBERRY LAVENDER ice cream .... honestly, do I really need to say any more?
