5	The Law Offices of James J. Smedley, Esq. is a top notch law firm handling traffic tickets, warrants, DUIs, criminal defense, personal injury, car accidents and various civil litigation. They offer the best legal representation for some of the lowest prices in town.  But, rest assured, the low price does not mean compromised representation. I hired Law Offices of James J. Smedley for a traffic ticket recently and I actually met with the lawyer, James Smedley, at my initial consultation. He said he meets his clients all the time.  Mr. Smedley went to court for me, reduced my ticket to a parking violation, no points were recorded on my DMV record and I did not have to attend traffic school. He also reduced my fines owed to the court. After he achieved such great results, he emailed me with outcome and detailed instructions on how to pay my much lower fine to the court. The whole experience was easy. Mr. Smedley was professional, yet compassionate, and his office staff were courteous, friendly and made my experience much easier. After the service I received from the Law Offices of James J. Smedley, Esq., I don't know why anyone wouldn't hire him to fix their tickets. He practices in other areas as well, and I would recommend him to anyone seeking legal services in the Las Vegas Valley.
5	James is not your typical stuffy lawyer. This guy is straight forward, confident, and efficient.  James understands we all have busy schedules, and even offers to take care of his clients over the phone so they don't have to come down to the office. I received a speeding ticket in Henderson and went to see James. I paid $50.00 to secure his services and had him negotiate my ticket in court for me. A few months later, he emailed and said my ticket was reduced to a parking ticket, and my fine was reduced significantly. I won't go anywhere else if this happens to me again. Considering Henderson police apparently have nothing better to do- it may. Thank you James!
4	Very pleased and satisfied with his work, he handled my car accident case and everything went pretty smooth and stress free.
