1	Went to the Electronics Dept. the other night to buy a lense for my Nikon. They weren't very busy but no one was coming to help us so we went to the cashier and she said as soon as she was done with the 2 people in her line that she would come and help us. We waited for another 10 minutes and turned around and the cashier "Kim" was no where to be found. We asked the guy that was behind the counter and he said she left for the night. This young man tried to help us but he couldn't find the lense but at least he tried. So I came home and went on the Walmart site and ordered my lense and saved myself 20.00. This Walmarts customer care sucks!!!!!
1	Went to the Electronics Dept. the other night to buy a lense for my Nikon. They weren't very busy but no one was coming to help us so we went to the cashier and she said as soon as she was done with the 2 people in her line that she would come and help us. We waited for another 10 minutes and turned around and the cashier "Kim" was no where to be found. We asked the guy that was behind the counter and he said she left for the night. This young man tried to help us but he couldn't find the lense but at least he tried. So I came home and went on the Walmart site and ordered my lense and saved myself 20.00.
2	Comparing it to Walmart back in Washington State, I have to say, that this is probably better then Washington Walmart. For one, its bigger, and had more of a grocery section to it. Which is convenient, for those who want to shop at Walmart and buy groceries. But I still see lack of customer service or unhappy workers to be working behind the counter. Some of these workers, tend to favor the opposite sex. There will be days that I will come to a lady cashier, and talk about things, but won't talk to the lady behind me. Days that I'll get a male cashier, who won't say a thing to me, but the previously lady was more interesting. As far as Customer Service goes, everyone is a customer, and should be treated fairly. If they don't like helping people out or talking to each customers, I don't think they should be in a business dealing with customers. As far as products goes, I always like Walmart for their low pricing on clothing. Food on the other hand, I probably can find food cheaper elsewhere, not unless I need store brand items, then I can probably live with the cheap store brand items. But most of the time, I'll find name brand items else where, cause it seems like its kind of pricey over at Walmart. Electronics, again, lack of customer service, and limited choices. I wouldn't really come here for electronics, not unless you need a new CD, DVD or a memory card, which I think, is still, limited pickings. This Walmart, I would only recommend, if your going their for clothing's and accessories. But groceries is probably to pricey and better off going to Smith. Electronics are limited, and I rather go to Fry's Electronics. Anything else, if your looking for something simple, then maybe, otherwise your best to go to an actual store that focus on the actual product your looking for.
3	I don't want to get into a thing here about the people who shop here and the people who work here. That's irrelevant when we're discussing this one particular store. I only shop at this WM from time to time, as I live close to a Target, as well. I usually come here when I need one or two grocery-type items that I can't get at my local Target, such as grapefruits or bananas or car batteries. That really speaks to the volume of things that this store caries. Not only are they a super big-box store in that they carry diapers, frozen pizza, 5W-30 motor oil, and oranges, but they also have a Subway, bakery, optometrist and automotive center all under one roof. It's really quite convenient, to a certain degree: there are times when the volume of stuff is just frustrating!If you come to Wal-Mart, then it might be safe to assume that you're placing a premium on value over service or quality. That's what the prices seem to say, as do their ads. That's not to say they don't have higher-end stuff here: they have Sony tv's just like Target and Best Buy do. You're just probably not going to get the same kind of experience that you will at a Best Buy Magnolia. Having said all that, this place delivers on what it's trying to deliver: it has low prices, and their shopping experience is no-frills. If you're ok with all that, then you'll be ok here.
2	blah blah blah blah. Most people that shop here are 300 pounders, so i see why the isles are so wide. If they walked more often instead of using the electric scooters they would loose some weight. This store needs to be stocked more often! I'm guessing the 300 pounders leave the shelves empty.
1	Bubba's Bagels. Don't even bother getting them. I've only seen them at Walmart. They taste old, crumbly.
1	Why is it, there are 20 something registers but only 3 open? Every time I go there in the evening, there's always a line and I mean line as in 10-15 people in 2 lines. Also why the crap do I need to show my receipt when you just seen me walk from the register after paying for my items?
2	Long lines, not very helpful. Nobody really wants to help you. Most of the Walmart's are busy but this one is just always full and the lines are just to long and nobody tries to open other lanes. Very frustrating
3	Long lines and the manager thinks it's a grand idea to have only a few lanes for checking out open. I can only ponder who that genius is. I give it 3 stars. Noone likes to wait forever. People like to pick out items & pay and go. It's that simple.
1	WTF. .is this walmart ppl thinking I walked by the fish tanks today an they are really bad. There's death fishes in them along with being dirty and to make matters worse poor fish are not fed and eat death fish decomposed in the tank. ...
1	Pit of dispair. No self checkout. One register open. Its 5pm and there are 40 (no joke) people trying to checkoit at ONE register. Plenty of employees walking around but ONE register open AND self service CLOSED. wow.
2	This Walmart now sells ammunition out of a back room.it stays locked in TLE,and if you don't ask for a specific brand and caliber,your screwed. Went yesterday for some cci standard and they had 160 boxes in stock but it was locked up in TLE until 7am when a manager could unlock that dept.went back this morning and they still had ten in stock, but none on the shelf.it was locked up in TLE and they didn't stock the shelf but had been selling it out of the back room all day,if you by chance knew it was there, you could get it,but they weren't leaving the shelf stocked.lock the ammo in the back like the other walmarts, I'm sure the TLE guys were calling all their friends, then they can lock it up at the end of the day,not put any on the shelf, and call their friends again in the morning.shame on this location for allowing this.
