1	You will be sorry if you choose to do business with them, THEY ARE THE WORST SCUMS IN THE WORLD!!! I do really mean it. They withheld my $12,000.00 deposit after my offer on a shortsale deal was rejected. Office manager Shannett Rivas lied to me, emailed me said my money was sent out but never did! the owner Dale Snyder told me that its up to the seller to refund my money while Shannett said it was sent out. They are bunch of liars! I now have to hire an attorney to take them to court.
1	My boyfriend and I were looking to move out of our Summerlin Condo and into a house, so we could get a puppy of course, and have a yard. So we went searching on-line and found a house that we loved. The next day we met the property management company at the house to do a walk through. Carla was the manager and she was the most scatter brained, unprofessional, and unprepared person I have ever met. Despite the falls and some set backs we continued to proceed with renting our home. We love the house, it has a huge yard and great owners. The problem was the property management company. Every time we have to talk with them, they are the rudest people I have ever dealt with. They will hang up on you in an instant, and do not get you the respect or the time of day is something is wrong. They do not even do their job properly. BEWARE! I would never use this company again, the worst experience I have ever had in my life with a company.
1	Doug Miller first agreed to refund $ after the closing but did not keep his word, yet was quick to compensate his realtor partner Bernie.  I definitely overpaid for the house and Doug deceived me while representing me as my realtor.  He also failed to pay for the HOA documents even though I paid for the mandatory ReMax document (junk) fee and said he paid it.  I could say more about my bad experience with them but I will be inclined to include expletives.  Don't do business with ReMax Central of Las Vegas!
4	I have been renting a home from Remax Central for years.  I deal with Janice and Rick CoField.  They have always been great property managers. Always friendly and always understanding.  Ever year that I have resigned my lease they make it easy. And finding me the perfect place for us, well they made it even easier.  I'm so pleased with their services.  Everyone is always so nice there.
1	This company Remax Central on 8400 W Sahara Ave. are thieves we had money orders stolen from inside their office. We received no help in recouping our money. They took 90% of the security deposit without giving us a list of dollar amounts of charges that were deducted. The description of items that was listed to be repair were erroneous. They are unethically treating there tenant unfairly. Do not rent from them or do business with them.
1	We rented  a home 2893 Red Springs in Red Country Club through Remax Central 8400 W Sahara Ave. and it was an awfully experienced. We keep up with the property as if it was our own. Once we moved out they basically took majority of deposit on erroneous charges. What's so shady is when they sent the letter of security deposit itemized disposition it only had a list of repairs not an itemized list of dollar amount of each repair cost. I have been disputing this with the property manager Laurine Huynh who is treating us so unfairly. We also had money orders stolen from there office which  we were never able to recoup. We received no help from them in trying to recoup our money. This company is not to be trusted they are unethical.
1	Rick & Janice are terrible representatives and I couldn't be happier that my property was sold to another company. I was moved into a unit for a decent price in a terrible neighborhood while watching them refinish and upgrade the units around me. In the first month that I had lived there, I had Janice and a plumber come into my unit, without my approval and get my floor covered in sh*t water. Literally. They used MY towel to clean up the mess when trying to fix my toilet...They had a plumber go into my "backyard", which was just a run behind the unit, and snake the drain. It was covered in baby wipes from at least 6 months ago, according to the plumber. So, there were/are shty baby wipes right behind my unit that they don't care to clean up. I have a light in my unit that won't light up and I had told them about it, but they still haven't fixed it. I had a construction worker on my roof at 8 am without letting my know, whatsoever. I live next to a drug dealer, told them about it, and they took a blind eye because they just wanted their money and couldn't find any other tenants because they let the place go to hell. I saw pictures of how it looked before they bought it, and the units were actually nice and there were no weeds. Now there is a drug dealer with an annoying chihuahua running the place with their "clients" coming in and out all of theThey were bullies and I am so glad that the new company has recently taken over my property. I will definitely hold resentment towards Remax and Rick and Janice Cofield. They act like children, hang up on their tenants, and allow people into your unit without your approval. If you want to be bullied around in a place that YOU pay for, definitely use these guys. They rocked my socks -_-
5	Derek Delp is the man to see when you visit this office. When I moved to Las Vegas, I was leasing a condo. But when my mom move here, she wanted to lease a place instead of purchase a home. I called Derek after a great recommendation from someone who had dealings with him before. I asked him to help me find a lease property for my mom, not realizing it paid him almost nothing to do that for me. Even so, he did an exhaustive search for her and he took me to see every property I asked about. He found her a perfect place and she loves it, all thanks to Derek. When my condo lease was coming to an end, I wanted to purchase a home. I called Derek to help. It just so happens when I was beginning my search for a home, the real estate market was booming. Houses were being purchased and sold after one day on the market. Derek worked tirelessly to find a home for me in a very difficult market. He helped me in so many ways. He must have shown me over 20 homes, wrote offers on many of them, but cash buyers kept getting the homes. Derek was not discouraged and he kept my sprits up. He thought outside the box and found me a model home to buy.  He was there thru it all. He kept encouraging me when I was discouraged. And he finally got the perfect house for us. Derek is the best and I give him my highest recommendation!
1	This is a review about the office staff, not realtors.The receptionists at this place are pretty lazy and obviously unorganized- you will never be welcomed and will 75% of 5he time be the one initiating contact when you walk in.  When I walked in to pay my deposit and pick up my keys, the keys were nowhere to be found, despite the fact that the realtor swears up and down that she left them there (this is not the important part, I realize she may have made a mistake). The receptionist looked for between 1-2 minutes and returned to her computer. Two other women entered the office, one to help, the other to tell us she would help, but she was too busy! I needed to get another money order because I had mistaken the amount I owed for my deposit and said I would be back.I returned 20 minutes later,  giving my money to the receptionist and I sat down, expecting them to continue looking, considering they opened ONE drawer and looked for such a short period before I left. After sitting down for 15 minutes and noticing that the receptionist had not left her computer, I asked, "so... are you not looking for the keys anymore?" And she told me to follow my realtor's instructions for using the lockbox until they sort things out and find my keys and gate opener.  I asked why she didn't bother searching anymore and her only reason was because they weren't in a particular drawer! You gotta be kidding me! Things get misplaced all the time, you don't see the need to check anywhere else???I have no problem using the lockbox and have already informed the gas company of the change to accommodate the situation, but feel that the receptionist should have not given up looking for my keys so quickly. This is my home we're talking about and this company is in the business of getting you into your home, you'd think they'd be more interested in helping their customer.
