5	Absolutely outstanding!  As good as the best in Florence, Italy
3	Gnocchi di Ricotta e Basilico - in English this translate to the "meat and spinach lasagna"! No, I'm just kidding. She had the ricotta gnocchi in pomodoro sauce with basil. I'm not big on gnocchi so I don't claim expertise of the fine intricacies and characteristics of these little pillows of goodness, but I know what tastes good, and these little bastards do. Each dumpling was so light that they literally cushioned your teeth as you bit into them. Finished off in Vinizza's signature red sauce, the gnocchi was saturated in a sweet tomato sauce highlighted by hints of basil. Topped with freshly grated parmesan, the portion of gnocchi is not impressive, nor does it need to be... because it will EXPAND - be mindful of this as if your eyes are bigger than your stomach, you might need someone to roll you home.
4	I've been here twice and thoroughly enjoyed myself both times.  I recommend if it's your first time you try the pizza because they do make a good one.  They use a wood-burning oven which in my opinion makes for a great crust!  I also like how they keep their pizzas fairly simple like the Italians do.  In the antipasto department I've tried polenta with mozzarella, walnuts and figs as an antipasto.  The portion was a bit too big considering there was more food still to come and I wasn't too convinced by the figs and walnuts but that was more a question of personal taste. If you're looking for a good plate of pasta then try the pappardelle with wild boar ragu.  The meat was quite tender and the pasta was cooked slightly al dente the way I like it.The last time I came I had a nutella ricotta torte for dessert which was delicious.  It wasn't too rich and they got the portion size spot on.  I also tried a mouthful of my friend's raspberry panna cotta which also would have been a good choice.
5	Recommended by my hotel. I loved everything here. The owner greeted us like we were old friends, fresh pasta was delicious. Had ricotta Nutella dessert - wonderful. I travel to Montreal often and will go back.
4	Had a quick lunch here, while visiting Jean Talon market.It's tasty, I mean, probably the second best gnocci I've ever had. It's fancy as well. it's pricey, of course.Romantic dinner? Yeah, go there. Fancy lunch with friends? Go there as well.
4	Came here for dinner after a long day of walking around Jean Talon Market. The restaurant had a romantic ambiance with jazzy music playing in the back ground. Service was quick and fantastic. I ordered the tripe as an appetizer. It was very tender and flavourful, not too salty. For main, I got the anchovy pizza. The crust was thin and perfect. I definitely recommend trying their spicy oil! It is heavenly with the pizza. Overall it was a wonderful meal and I would strongly recommend giving this place a try.
