4	I was going to say that the Broad Acres swap meet is one of the best things you can do in Las Vegas for free......It costs a dollar to get in.it is not free - but pretty closeOpen on the weekends all year round.It is still one of the best things you can do in Vegas.I've been in the cool of winter and in the heat of summer, but right now is about the best time of the year to venture out north on Las Vegas Boulevard to Pecos and the fun that is the swap meet.Get there early in the morning........Shop and shop till you drop.It does take a while to meander around all of the booths and displays.There is a lot of stuff you don't want, but every once in a while you find that little treasure you can't do without.The prices are great.I do not buy a belt anywhere else after paying $3.00 for my last three or four.I saw a set of glasses at the swap meet by the Rose Bowl in Pasadena that the vendor wanted $90.00 for the whole set.The next week I saw most of the same set at Broadacres and the vendor wanted $6.00 for them - but that is the way it is at a swap meet isn't it.They have some great food and drink booths. Vendors drive by on carts with drinks throughout the day.It is just an enjoyable experience.....and you might find that one little nick nack you have always been wanting. Warning - parking is always an issue ...don't try to park in the lot next to the entrance..find a spot on the street and walk the extra distance ....makes it easier when you want to leave.
2	Some friends of mine swear they've found deals here but I can't say that my one visit was particularly great. Sure, it's a buck to walk the aisles but it felt like aisles of crap to me. Lots of it was dusty and some of it looked second hand. The food stuff in the swap meet was NOT enticing.I saw a couple of vendors that looked interesting. Someone sold beads and another sold reptiles. But otherwise it's like crap Tuesday Morning won't carry plus some Chinatown stuff. We saw some kitchenware that was marked higher than what you'd see at Williams Sonoma.
4	This place is great the largest outdoor swapmeet around. They have tons of crap but they have the dancing monkey lots of pets and of course just seeing the people is pure entertainment. They also have BBQ-some of the best meat on a stick around and of course awesome BBQ chicken. At this place if you ask around you can find anything you want. AND if you wanna sell something just show up at 4-5 am on FRI,SAT,SUN and you just pay $30-$35 to have a spot, they are marked off inside the swapmeet. Set up your table or whatever and sell all day long, they still use the honor system to pay your taxes when you leave. Cost $1 to get in.
5	This is the most epic swap meet I have ever been to, you can just about buy anything there (you can even buy a house last time I was there).  It's cheap to get in, sunday are a little crazy and there is a line.  But where else are you going to get to drink a ice cold tecate on tap (from a cup that says "BEER" on it) and hold a spider monkey?
4	We went to this epic "flea market"/swap meet. It is HUGE, spend the day there, its a great people watching spot!This was the first time I have ever been to a "swap meet" so I am not sure what the difference is- between a swap and a flea...I felt like I was in Mexico! We were LOVING IT!We got some fresh roasted peanuts(still warm) and some interesting  coconut concoction. First the coconut juice and then they take the "meat" insides & they chop it up. You add the lemon and lime juice, hot sauce, some salt and some crunchies to it..wow flavor explosion!We wandered around and saw a live pony carousel(old school)  and some guy with a live monkey that takes your quarters...very strange. There was some live music playing, lots of birds and weird pets for sale, you could buy some land in the desert for cheep, Giant Pots for cooking stuff in, some antiques, and some cars for sale too.Overall, GREAT! its about a two mile walk around the whole space so wear your walking shoes and be prepared to spend the day!$1.00 on sat, $1.50 on sunday. can't beat it!
4	I absolutely love flea markets and had tried one on last year's trip to Vegas but was an indoor one and not what I was looking for. I want something along the lines of an endless yard sale and Broadacres did fit the bill. A difference between this and the ones I am used to...most of the vendors are set up very early and leave early afternoon...here some were just setting up as I arrived around 8am. Was surprised as I thought people would want to beat the worst heat of the day but, as my husband said, I guess everyone there is used to it. And of course, it's not as bad as it is here in Florida..if you can find some shade it's fine. I did not find any treasures on this day...but that is the way of the flea market...did have fun walking around, people watching, and seeing what was available.
3	My girlfriend and I got the bright idea to check out the swab meet to buy little nick-nacks from our Vegas trip.  Check Yelp and Broadacres came up so we decided to give it a try.  We arrived about 3pm on a Friday and it was dead.. I am sure if we had arrived earlier there would have had more than 30% of the stands open and if we waited until Saturday I am sure that it would be amazing!  We walked a little over half and the swab meet is huge.. We didn't come across any survivors.. bummer!
2	My honey & I went here yesterday and all I kept thinking was"why did I shower & blow dry my hair?" Forget that it was 91 degrees with hot sun at 2pm, but I felt we stood out in our jeans and white t-shirts. The look of everyone else was definitely roll out of bed, put on a black AC/DC shirt and hat and walk out the door. In the almost 2 hours it took us to walk down each aisle, I never saw one thing that I wanted to buy and I love to buy.  There seemed to be a lot of items that appeared to have fallen off the back of a truck and ended up on the blanket on the ground here.  The avon products, bic shavers, used sofas, skinny jeans, leather dog leashes, unboxed barbie dolls and cheap underwear all appeared to have aged in the sun over the many months they had been waiting to be purchased by someone.  I did enjoy looking at the puppies, birds and rabbits at the different vendors and there are mexican spices that could be used by someone that cooks.  There was a band playing in the center of the market that had some great Def Leppard going and the food smelled good. Definitely something you need to do once but we will be trying out other swap meets soon.
3	A monstrous place filled with mostly useless things, but still a somewhat entertaining place to spend a few hours on a weekend afternoon. Don't bank on finding something you absolutely have to find here. It's all mostly novelty and kitsch, but it's fun.
4	So its Saturday night and the hubby and I are trying to decide what to do on Sunday morning. Hmmm where can we find sunglasses, jewelry, beauty products, live chickens and beer all in one place? Broadacres! Its like a treasure hunt every time we go. We moved here from Cali and had been missing the Santa Fe springs swap meet until we stumbled upon this place! Ahh it feels like home the smells sights and finds. Its almost a weekly thing to end up browsing the endless rows of stuff. If you get there early you get first pick but if you show up a few hours before closing on Sunday they are more willing to make a deal. So either way its a win win. The only downfall is the snack bar its over priced and just kinda gross, if you get hungry eat some bomb Mexican food at the other stands. As a matter of fact i think I'm in need of some nail polish, a lucha libre mask, and maybe live chicken or 2 too bad its only Tues. guess ill fulfill those desires come Sunday:)
4	Cheap entertainment if you need to kill some time and like to people watch, snack on  food, listen to banda music and have few beers.  If we lived local we would probably return to Broadacres once and awhile..
3	My friend from California was visiting and we used to go to the San Jose Flea Market all the time.  By 10:30AM it was packed.  There wasn't really any method to walking around so to me it was disorganized.  BUT!  I found what I was looking for and got an awesome price a 5x7 Zebra print BRAND NEW rug for $35.  And picked up some really cute tennis shoes and hair bows at an awesome price.  I will have to come again.  It was so windy yesterday and then they were roasting peanuts and it was just hard to breathe.  I didn't expect to find lots of stuff but I found what I was looking for and got a great deal.  I will be back.
3	Enochlophobes beware, Broadacres can get very crowded.  It may not be the place for you.  However, if you do not mind a crowded environment not unlike what you might find at Disneyland, check it out.  For just $1 on Saturday you could easily spend several hours walking up and down the aisles looking for almost anything you want.  From ethnic snacks and sauces to old video games.  From CDs and records to gigantic copper pots.  You can find it all at Broadacres.  Plus there are several places to get food.  Pizza, BBQ, Mexican, Asian, ice cream, snow cones, and Churros.  Soda.  Beer.  Free music.  Does it ever end?  Yes.  It ends either when you have bought all you can carry or you just can't go any further due to the exhaustion of looking at all there is.  This is indeed the place to go with cheap product and low gate fee.  Just be warned that you sometimes get what you paid for.  While some things may look good on the surface they may not be so pristine on the inside.  Much of this stuff is second hand.
4	Great place to find used tools.  It seems like every vendor is Mexican.  These folks truck in washing machines, refrigerators, furniture, toys, electronics, power tools, burros, horses, car parts, ass raising booty pants and kitchen cookware.  It's huge, it's got a lot of vendors and lots parking.  The Texas BBQ joint in the food area smell wonderful.  Too bad I'm a tourist and can't bring a lot of this stuff home on the airplane.
3	Huge venue. Must know what true values are. Many products are used, not new. Check before buying.
3	Enormous outdoor flea market on the north side of Las Vegas. If you're looking for a more local experience and a fine way to waste an afternoon, then check this out.Highlights include great people watching, live music, tons of food vendors and, of course, an incredible amount of junk to buy. Unfortunately, a lot of the stuff can be found at any dollar store, so it's nothing special. However, if you dig you can find some gems (example: old slot machine marquees for $5 each).Bring cash and come early. It gets crowded on the weekends.
4	Although I've lived in Vegas for a couple of years now, I had yet to make it out to a swap meet until this past weekend.  (As an aside, I grew up in SoCal, so for me, it's a swap meet, not a flea market.)  And what better weekend to make this trek than when it was 105 degrees outside?Now, I've been to the swap meet in San Jo, which is massive.  If that swap meet had a theme song, it'd be Sinead O'Connor singing "nothing compares to you."  But Broadacres is also impressively big, and unlike any other swap meets I've been to (at least in recent memory), it has a built-in stage in the center of the swap meet.  Apparently, a variety of bandas play on weekend nights!The swap meet has the typical stalls, i.e., car accessories; women's "clubblish" clothing and shoes; tee-shirts; various toiletries; leather accessories; food; furniture; toys; tennis shoes; blankets; etc.  I was also pleasantly surprised to find a "Catholic" stall with rosaries, baptism, and first communion stuff.  (That kind of stuff can be surprisingly hard to find when it comes time to baptize someone or be a GP.)There was tons of food and raspados.  I even picked up some used CD's.  All in all, it's a fun (and useful) place to check out.
4	Getting some culture las vegas style.This is a pretty cheap fun way to kill a few hours if you like to get out of your comfort zone.I mean that in a lot of ways.  You may find yourself having to converse in spanish.You may end up eating something unrecognizable, only to be told later it was pickled pig skin and coconut.  You may end up buying some of the spiciest dried fruit of your life, while listening to banda, drinking beer mixed with clamato and hot sauce.You may find some crazy deals on stuff you didn't think you would find here.You may end up returning repeatedly, and not know why.This place is even more interesting since they started having it open till ten on friday nights, and it is a lot of fun.  They also have a mini kart racing set-up, miniature horses for children to ride, it's crazy.Oh yeah and the snap caps going off every second really keep you on your toes!
1	My husband and I used to love to go here every weekend untill our trip on 9/22. It was a PIG STY!!!!! Trash all over the parking lot, swap meet area, and the restrooms I wouldn't even go into the bathroom to was my hands it was so gross.We did not see anyone cleaning up anywhere. And we did witness a young boy standing in front of his mother and throw trash on the ground with a trash can within 5 feet. I looked at him and said there is a trash can right there, she looked right at me and the all kept walking. I guess because I didn't speak in the hispanic language they didn't care...My suggestion, unless you  are truly into walking thru a trash dump..don't bother.
4	I really love places like this, i grew up in So Cal and swap meets were always a part of our weekends. I love coming here and checking out the random crap people try to sell, the people watching is great and there's some tasty food to be had. The gordita stand is awesome and the asada is super tasty! This is also a good place to come and burn some time and look for some cheap stuff.
4	In my opinion, this is the only swap meet in Vegas.  Yes, I know there is a supposed "indoor" one but aren't authentic swap meets only outside?  Anyway, this place has everything.  You name it, you can buy it!  There is beer and great food for the family.  There are small businesses selling their wares weekly and there are garage sale type sellers looking to declutter.  I also really enjoy watching the Mariachi bands playing in the center of the meet and the clientele is all there for a good time and good deals.  Pro tip:  Never play asking price.  Half the fun of swap meets is the haggle!
4	You want it...they usually have it!This swap meet is probably one of the biggest I've been to.  Not as big as the ones I'd hit in California, but for sure the biggest out here.  You name it and this swap meet probably has it.  Or, at least they know someone that has it.  I remember when I first moved out here, someone selling water gave me advice about finding the right Realtor agent to buy a house.  I didn't use them, but hey it's the thought that counts.   An outdoor swap meet, this one is a mix between vendors and your garage sale type sellers.  From the outside this place looks average sized, but once you're in it can be a beast to get through every aisle.  You will find your mix of different merchandise ranging from household products to tools, electronics to toys, and a bunch of clothing.  This swap meet also has a bunch of eats.  There's a small admision here, ranging from $.50 to $2.  Not sure what the exact admission really is.  My last 3 visits, I paid for myself and whoever is behind me (stranger or not).    One issue here is parking.  Don't get me wrong.  There's tons of parking, just a lot more people.  My advice, get here around 8 AM or after 2 PM.  Come here around noon and you'll spend the next 30 minutes driving around looking for that empty spot.  My other problem is that I never buy anything that I am looking for.  However, I always leave with something I don't need.  TIP:  Looking to lose a few pounds over the summer??? Then come here during the middle of the day, preferably mid-July.  110 degree temperature with no shade equals Bikram Shopping.
3	Finally made it here to check things out as my boyfriend has been anticipating this trip for awhile. It cost us $1.50 for each of us to be admitted entrance on a Saturday, Sundays is $2 bucks per person. I was looking for Art and found an Awesome brand new framed Marilyn Monroe laser painting 18x20 for $5! My sweets got an awesome dark dragon bottle holder that comes with two wine glasses that the dragon holds with it's claws for $40 and this is a nice sized piece! I also snagged six of my favorite nail polish colors for $5! We spent $50 and walked out with some goodies so I am pleased! This is a giant swap meet with tons of new and used items from many different vendors. We got there just an hour before the sun went down so we did not get to see everything it has to offer so we will be back.I was hoping to find more home goods as far as decorations for our home however that was slim. They did have a lot of clothes and power tools and video game stuff. We will be back to check it out again. I was just worried for a minute when I asked the price of an item and the lady responded in spanish, thank goodness her daughter was there to translate! Thank you little bilingual girl :)
5	I enjoy  Broadacres Marketplace it where you can meet people and good Food  I do not like some  Marketplace if there not cleaned this one has been   clean
3	First of all, the price of admission just can't be beat! Sunday, the most expensive day, is $2 per person for admission. Children under 60" are free!Second, this place is enormous. There is such a variety of goods being sold that you're bound to find something you need/want, even if you go in without anything in mind (like we did!). There seems to be a lot of kitchen accessories available, including implements needed for traditional Mexican cooking (think pots that come with an oar for stirring). Tools are also claim a lot of real estate here. Anything from hammers to chainsaws to plasma cutters is available. I saw a perfect Kitchenaide stand mixer for $100 and am still upset with myself that I didn't buy it before it was gone!There are also myriad food options, some run-of-the-mill, some not so much. The food was very reasonably priced, as far as we could see. A tip: come with cash. Very few, if any, of the sellers accept anything but. There are a few ATMs available, but they come with fees. We will definitely be back, since the variety of merchandise is different every day!
3	If you haven't been to this swamp meet, you need to go.  I'm giving it 3 stars because shopping wise its not the greatest, but to experience it, it is a trip and a must.  I come here when its cool weather, get myself a 32 oz michalada, bargain shop, and believe me, you entertain yourself with the people watching.  I come here and most of the time get socks.  LOL, watch the Youtube video of "S&$% Mexican girls say"When you get to the center they even have an entertainment stage.  I've been here a few times and usually catch a Mariachi band on stage.  When I'm nearly done with my beer I head over to the fruit stand and get coconut.  I'm from the islands and have not eaten coconut except plain.  But here, you get your coconut, they poor the juice in a cup for you, continue down the line and they cut up the coconut, slice it up, put in a bag and you can add cucumber, pineapple, jicama, and/or pig skin-yup pig skin.  Not for me, but its an option if you like that.  Take that bag, squeeze some lime and put your hot sauce all over and ta da, fresh goodness with a kick to keep you going to bargain shop some more.  Stands have a combination of new and used things.  I picked up some jugs for our water dispenser and scored on aromatherapy oils for super cheap!  This place is way out of my way, but I'll still come here, after I'm done here I usually go to one of the Mexican Restaurants.  This side of town got the best Mexican restaurants!
4	I was visiting vegas for the weekend and found some time to drop by this place.Parking is a hassle, but thats with any swap meet. entrance was about 1-2 bucks which was great. this place is huge, I didn't understand the layout but had enough booths to keep walking and walking. They serve beer, and it seems like people just come here to listen to music or the live DJ they have playing there. A bunch of different things to buy. Not really anything different from swap meets I usually go to.I did buy a butterfly knife and switch blade so THANK YOU LAS VEGAS!
5	GO GO GO, really GO!Food, Clothes, Entertainment and bargains and deals to be HAD!Need something for your car, house, wife, husband hell even those little things that need supporting until there 18!!This is a great place to visit and spend the day, they have a BBQ place there that holy jackanorie it's blinking amazing!
5	I'm one of those people that absolutely LOVES to do new things and go new places so, when my ex-co-workers (who are Mexican and Venezuelan) told me about this place, I BEGGED them to take me. Despite the 100+ degree weather as of late, my begging worked ***who can resist this face***We went on a Friday around 7pm which was a good time considering there was still lots of parking and the sun was going down. Granted, it was still hot as hell but, well worth the heat.Entrance fee was only a dollar and we started by walking around the swap meet. They showed me various booths/vendors they liked. I wound up buying a steering wheel cover, some nail polish, makeup, and even household goods FOR CHEAP! Like 2 detergents for $10 cheap!Best thing about the swap meet was the food. We drank tons of lemonade, which was perfect on these hot Vegas summers. Elote was ahhhh-maaaze. Like, seriously! I had elote on the cob but, my friend had it in a cup. So she had tons of mayo and cheese in her cup. I was so happy eating my elote...I abso-fricken-lutely love elote!!!!!!!!Churros were bomb, too. Kinda really hot because they're so fresh but, really yum. Sadly, I didn't get their rotisserie chicken bcuz they were closed (IDK WHY) and that'll just be something to look forward to for next time.Friday night they, also, had live band and entertainment. We left around 10pm and lemme  tell you that it was a packed parking lot; as well as swap meet. I was told that the swap meet was a place that lots of people in the area tend to go to and hang out and chill.I highly recommend this place and can't wait to go back!
5	I absolutely love this place they have the most random things for a real good price. My uncle has 4 stands and they sell Mexican candies and cooked peanuts his prices are great so if you need you candy fix ask for Don Juan. The live music is always a plus. They sell beer and my favorite... micheladas! Soooo good!  Admission on the weekends is 1.50$ but its so worth it.
4	This place will appeal to those in search of cheap thrills, ridiculous bargains and family weekend gimmicks.  There are clothes, dvds, stuff for cars and bikes, costumes, ukuleles, perfume, toys, plants and produce!  I especially enjoyed the stands that sell boiled peanuts and spicy pistachios!  It's a good thing the sun wasn't beating down the entire time coz it would be unbearably hot.  You can buy beer from several windows and sip it to live Spanish music.  Ahhh.  My only qualm with this place though is the lack of food options.  There is 1 place that sells Mexican corn (which we loved!) next to a pizza slice place, an indoor snack bar with your staples, and several joints that sell fresh coconut ceviche style (with lime juice and hot sauce!).  I have yet to try this.  I was hoping for more Mexican street food options - tacos/tortas, chicharon, shakes... more street food please!  That's what's awesome about these things and this place lacked it.  That being said, we still had a blast.  It's something you should check out at least once without an agenda :)
3	First time here. Quite interesting. You can find everything here. Nice way to spend a Saturday afternoon. Most people have the same stuff. Nothing is really that cheap. But still fun to checkout all the goodies. Peanuts are cheap though.
3	It was a very cool place to do some shopping.   There is everything from the guy's next store's old junk to a fresh cocoanut to every kind of phone cover!
5	This place is like church for me. I've been coming here almost every Sunday for the past 9 months. You can literally find ANYTHING here. Redecorating your house? Come here.Record collector? Come here.Stocking up on holiday presents? Come here.Nursing a hang over? Walk it off. Come here.This is a fantastic place to go with your partner, friend, or group of friends. Very kid friendly as well. Shop, drink, eat, bargain, ride the ponies, watch live music, and get in some exercise. They have everything here: fresh produce, clothing and shoes, home goods, antiques, kitchen ware, tools, artwork, quirky gifts, hispanic/asian foods and goods, beauty products, etc. I have so much to say about this place that I'm going to sum it up with my top 10 favorite things to do here.1. Get fresh coconut water. 2. Meet Princess Mae, the monkey.3. Get a Michelada (beer with lime juice, assorted sauces, spices, peppers).4. Watch the mariachi bands on the big stage.5. Visit the bunnies and exotic birds. 6. Search for cheap records. You can find some super good stuff for just $1/ea7. Grab some tacos, fresh roasted peanuts, churros, etc.8. Get an airbrush t-shirt (you know you've always wanted one)9. Get some cheap lucky bamboo from the cute little asian ladies. 10. Visit the zombie fanatic guy that sells knives. He's hilarious.
4	Love this place!!! Walked around got some great snacks and food!! Great place to get bargains and great Mexican food!!
5	First time to Vegas, and what was my favorite part?  The fountains at Bellagio? The Stratosphere rides?  The decadent buffet at Caesar's?  No.  It was the Broadacres flea market!  It is my most fervent wish that Broadacres was located in Salt Lake instead of Vegas so I could go every week.  It is SO FUN.They have everything at Broadacres!  If you need fresh produce, they've got it.  A new sound system, they've got it.  Live mariachi, they've got it.  The place is so huge it would take hours to visit each and every booth, but we tried.  My favorites were the old medical books booth, the lawn ornaments booth, and the velvet paintings booth(s).  My biggest regrets are not buying the massive wooden lawn tortoise or a cow hoof flask, but my best purchases were a Mexican wrestling mask and a bonsai tree for under $20.  If you are in Vegas, get off the strip and visit Broadacres!  There is no doubt in my mind that this is the best shopping in town!
4	I grew up in Northern California going to "Flea Markets" with my dad. My mom would get so mad at my dad for bringing home "more junk". Well now that I'm older, I love to bring home junk too! This place is awesome. I bought a VERY CUTE $100 pair of Merrill hiking shoes for $40! Sports bras 6 for $15---and us gym dolls know how expensive nice sports bras can be. What I love the most is a lot of these vendors have credit card machines set up for people like me who rarely carry cash. The only thing I hate is upon entrance the guys check the purses of the females only! Yet if I were to walk in with a gun strapped around my waist they'd never know. If you're going to maintain security, you need to pat down the males.
3	Its huge yes lots of music and food, however I found that merchandise just kept repeating for the most part. Yes the old days it was a lot of blankets on the ground. Yes it had some junk, however there were treasures to be had. Comics, sports cards collectibles. All kinds of fun stuff you didn't expect. Not so much now!!
4	I love this place!!!! Anything and everything you need, it's here. I bought Chia Seeds, 10lbs for $10, way cheaper than anywhere else. I bought a sarape table cloth for $15, normally those run $35 somewhere else. I could easily spend 3 hours here. They have great food and there is usually a band playing.
3	I don't love shopping at swap meets, but I have wanted to see  what Vegas had to offer in that realm for a while. I finally go the chance. They are open every weekend for $1.50 admission on Fridays and Saturdays and $2 on Sundays. The swap meet is huge. It took us a good two hours to walk the entire area and see as many of the booths as possible. There are tons of food options, including Mexican, BBQ and even a Chinese and Thai spot. They have a center stage that has live entertainment throughout the day and evening and there is plenty of seating to enjoy the music and a michelada while you're at it. As far as vendors, there are all the typical items you'll find at pretty much any other swap meet you encounter. We were a little disappointed in the lack of variety and the pricing tended to start on the higher side for most options, but oviously negotiating is the name of the game here. Broadacres is definitely something to be experienced at least once, if not on the regular, if that's your thing. Obviously it's best to enjoy this outdoor shopping as much as possible before the weather becomes too intolerably hot.
5	My favorite place in Las Vegas! Seriously, what more could you ask for?!? The best preparadas, tacos, BBQ, cocos locos AND used/new shopping AND amazing banda and mariachi! There is nowhere else I would rather be than at broadacres swap meet (except those hot summer days). LOVE IT FOREVER
4	Pretty cool swap meet. It was a little too hot for my liking. I think Friday nights would be fun I went on Saturday morning. Coconuts were great with hot sauce!
5	Amazing!!So far my favorite thing to do in Vegas!Friday night is like going to a festival in Mexico for $1.50Great deals! I found an antique mini piano worth $120 for $15.Tonnes of next to new clothes for $1Great authentic mexican food (although not a lot of selection)As good or better than the flea markets in northern calfornia (sacremento and San Jose)
3	Parking is pretty tight. Interesting place----a wide selection of items for cheap prices. Would recommend if you don't mind the crowds. Will come back again.
3	I can see what people would love about this flea market.Maybe I am just old school. I like my flea markets to be 75% antiques, 25% new cheap stuff. This one is 90% new cheap stuff, and 10% old stuff. And lots of tasty, traditional Mexican street food! That part is AWESOME!With that said- If I was looking or a fun place to spend a day, eating, finding weird items, especially with visitors. This could be good. It can be a little overwhelming, as there are 1500 vendors.If you are going, bring a pocket full of cash. No one takes CC's here! And wear sunblock! - Have FUN!
3	The food options:  2 stars.They use to have a lot more options available now the only place that serves anything close to decent food is the "Bandstand Cafe" The food sucks.Everything is frozen, most of the employee cooks are rude and impatient. I've had to repeat my order to them over and over, it seems they don t know they're own menu.They use to have a pizza spot, last time I checked they closed it?? They had $1 ice cream scoop. It's gone. That was the only thing to look forward to in the summer. The merch: 3 stars.Each week is different for the most part. It's either gonna be a it or miss. When it's a hit I can find really great deals on used things or new cheap clothes or decorations. Most of the vendors are pretty nice. My dad always seems to find what he looks for (maybe I should just look harder haha) I miss the swapmeet before it was "Broadacres"Before they build the music stage.I definitely do not like having to walk inbetween half drunk visitors. It's a giant place, if you haven't been here you should come by just to see what everything's about.
