5	Great multigrain sandwiches. Nice patio too!
2	Stopped in for a hot drink. I got a chai tea. Unfortunately, it tasted a bit like Vick's Vaporub smells. I dumped it into the trash bin and filled it with coffee from the carafes. The coffee was on par with QT coffee, which was a vast improvement over the chai.On the other hand, the baked goods looked delish. The sandwiches and salads that passed by me also looked rather tasty. However, since I didn't actually try them, I can't say for sure.Nonetheless, I think this is a good addition to the Arizona Center -- a nice choice for a quick and fresh lunch.
4	Just left.. BREAK D O W N 1. Good Service, very friendly and attentive +12. Clean(yes it just opened but it was very well detailed) neutral3. Good Sandwich (Eating the Anaheim Panini and enjoying it) +14. Diverse group of people working behind the Counter +1 star for that alone. +15.) New place to get breakfast or a something quick downtown (Love it) +14 STARS
3	Hungover, I dragged myself over to Corner Bakery today. It did not disappoint. I got a breakfast sammy with bacon and cheese, and a cup of coffee.The coffee was boiling hot, which I love. The sandwich, although not as good as the ones I make, were pretty dang good. Very simple, yummy, quick and cheap. I'm excited to have this option just down the street for those mornings when I just don't feel like cooking or for a quick lunch spot when I run out of food at home.
4	This is a brand new cafe. I was excited to see that it's now open. The interior has a cool bistro theme. I sat on the patio with my bike because there is no bike rack. There are a lack of bike racks at the Arizona Center, in general. But back to the cafe, the food was pretty good. I had trouble deciding what to try. I had a pastry and it was ok, but next time I would try an actual breakfast entree. My friend said the lemonade was really good. Prices are medium ranged. Similar to those of Paradise Bakery, one of their competitors I would assume. The staff was very friendly.
4	My friend and I have been waiting for this place to open, because it looked so good. We finally went today and weren't disappointed. It is very similar to Paradise Bakery (price and food wise), but in my opinion is better. They have sandwiches, salads, soups, pastas, and paninis. Both of us got the chicken pomodori and it was SO good. Super flavorful and filling. This place gets super busy, but there is a ton of space so you won't have trouble finding a place to sit. They will bring your food to your table and also grab your plates when you are done. Great food and good service. We will most definitely be going back.
4	Whenever I walk into this Corner Bakery Cafe, I thank my lucky stars that they decided to locate here at the Arizona Center. Previously, the only choice for a quick lunchtime sandwich/meal-to-go was Subway, and one can only tolerate that grub for so long. To this day, I cannot stand to walk into a Subway without getting a little bit nauseated.So Corner Bakery Cafe fills the sandwich/salad/soup niche quite impressively. I usually get their grilled paninis which are perfectly crunchy and delicious. I also like the customer service here as they really try to greet you with a smile. Their Cinnamon Creme Cake is also truly indulgent--I was blown away when someone brought this to work and we stuffed our faces during a meeting. Shove this in your cake-hole and you won't be disappointed.My only criticism is the Turkey on Pretzel Bread signature sandwich was not 100% to my liking. I feel that the bread could've been a bit thinner or softer, as not to take away from the other sandwich ingredients. And although it might've been due to the fact that this place was brand-new and hadn't worked all of the kinks out, I detected an off-taste that was a little bit chemical in nature. Maybe the bread, after baking, was wrapped too soon in plastic wrap--or something, but it was a little unappetizing. Other than that, I feel that Corner Bakery Cafe can do no wrong. I love coming to this place for lunch and consider them a welcome resident of the Arizona Center in downtown Phoenix.
4	I'm happy to have Corner Bakery in downtown giving the limited lunch options we have downtown. I'm a huge fan of the Caesar Salad. Their vegetarian pasta is good as well and I also like their tomato mozzarella sandwich. The staff are very friendly and the manager took care of me very nicely when a takeaway order was stuffed up (they had just opened so a few hiccups are to be expected).I have to say that I LOVE the ice machine for drinks. It makes the perfect ice for me to chew on and I always look forward to having a soft drink here. Yeah yeah yeah, I KNOW what they say about those who chew ice. Since I've been chewing ice since I was five years old maybe I should seriously consider therapy. Happy ice chewing aside, I'm happy Corner Bakery is here and know that I can always count on a good lunch.
4	We used to have these in TX. This location is pretty good. Long lines, but the food tastes great. I always get the cobb chopped salad and a pumpkin whoopie pie - droool! (Pumpkin is the best of the 3). Only complaint is that the portions are small sometimes, so don't go as often as I could, but taste is great.
3	If just stopped in for a Chai tea, so cannot comment on the food. The Chai was okay. It was slightly watered down. It's very dark inside the restaurant, but there is seating outdoors.
5	Absolutely delicious! Great service, and I love that they topped my soup with some bread :)
5	This place is freaking delicious. They serve breakfast all day, for those of you who love breakfast. They have combos that give you the best of two worlds. You can get a sandwich/panini with soup/salad or pasta with a salad. Everything there is to die for, but I'd recommend the panini/soup combo of the chicken pomodori with the broccoli and cheddar soup. On a side note, it gets SUPER busy during lunch time on weekdays, so keep that in mind.
2	I may be a little biased...I really don't care for this type of restaurant. I went in for breakfast expecting something completely different.I ordered the Anaheim Panini and my guy ordered the Chicken Apple Sausage Panini. The food took a little time to come out and the restaurant was FREEZING!Once the food arrived we asked for forks and got a very strange look form the server...about 5 minutes later we had our forks.The Anaheim was actually pretty good but the Chicken Apple sausage was straight from the freezer section of your grocery store, yuck! It was so sweet and did not pair well with the rest of the ingredients at all.I'm not sure if we will ever return, there are just too many better places for breakfast downtown...
5	I love the food here! I have had salad, soup, pasta and the sandwiches and I am yet to be disappointed. The pesto Cavatappi is very good. I am usually not a fan of pasta but it's that good. The soups are all great and my favorite panini is the chicken pomodori. If you have room then try a dessert. The coffee cake and whoopi pies are tasty.
2	So I've been a couple times as it's really close to the apartment and it's a local AZ business.  Food is comparable to an Applebee's quality.  Hat's off for quick and friendly service, but nothing ever seems extremely fresh.I'm glad that they seem to be doing well as the place was pretty full for a lunch rush.  The best meal I've had was the Anaheim Scrambler for breakfast, which I've had a few times.But today was inexcusable, I ordered the Club Panini...only two slices of thin deli meat!  Are you kidding me?!!!  I've seen 3rd graders make a better sandwich.  It ended up basically just being two big pieces of bread and mayo. They do have WiFi, the coffee and desserts are pretty tasty.  The place does offer a bit of variety for the Arizona Center.
2	- We were there Tuesday March 13th.      This bakery was just Okay, not so satisfying. My advise is keep on walking to the next one.     I will not come back that's for sure. I feel like because we had our backpacks on, we were treated less than the business people that were coming in. Like Hello?? Our money is just as worthy, so please show a little more attentiveness and care next time!! To other backpackers that is, because WE won't go back!!       Also the food was just okay it seems like they have more pastas and sandwiches than baked items, besides our turkey sandwiches lacked flavor or something. It could have been better overall, waste of time and money.
1	Pure and utter dog poop. Asked for an "Anaheim Scramble" with some orange juice. The cashier told me they didn't have juice. I asked if they were out. She replied no, and that she even thought it was weird they didn't carry any juice being a breakfast place. My scramble comes out and the waitress who brings it to me looks at it oddly before serving it to me. I ask her why she looked at it that way. she said no reason. I insisted there would be some reason to eye my eggs like that. She showed me the eggs were under cooked and runny and returned it to the kitchen.What she brought back was some sort of Frankenstein's monster of a scramble with stale toast.  See picture for further reference.
5	Ever been somewhere and had service that just made your morning?  A Chinese couple sat down at the booth next to me.  The server came up with their food, delivered it, and then softly asked, "um, how do you say 'thank you' in your language?" They told him (it's 'xie xie' though my spelling is probably off), and he smiled, bowed, and said "xie xie."His manners, his approach, and his openness were like a warm hug. He could have been brisk and to the point, he could have just said "thank you." He could even have been surly. He chose to take 20 seconds and reach out to a total stranger. I'm not saying this makes CB the best place ever. But it sure gave me a smile at the start of a long day, and I am very grateful. In my ancestral language, "tusen tak."
4	4 stars - location 4 stars - atmosphere and service2 stars - breakfastThe egg sandwich just wasn't good.  I am used to eating breakfast at Panera and it is so much better than Corner Bakery.
4	I have eaten here almost everyday last week while visiting Phoenix. I'm glad that this place is across the street from the hotel as a better alternative to room service. From the paninis to the baked goods to the pasta, I have yet to be disappointed. Too bad we don't have one of these back home.
4	YA for downtown Phx! Glad this place seems crowded for breakfast and lunch with corporate crowd. The bakeries are amazing (brownies are super chewy and rich) and the lunch combos good too. I love that you can get 1/2 sandwich with soup, salad or WAIT Mac & Cheese!  Yes, please!  More places should follow there lead.  I am a lover of pasta, but a sammy and mac & cheese is the best of both worlds.I have used them for catering as well and they never disappoint.
1	Went here for breakfast early on a Saturday, about 1 hour after opening. The tables were dirty and sticky, and the bathrooms were out of toilet paper and littered with garbage, which makes me suspect no one cleaned the bathroom and wiped down tables the night before. Ordered a scramble, which came to us lukewarm. Substituted fresh fruit for potatoes. The fruit was wilted and bland, and the juice in the fruit bowl was a dirty brown. Ew... The bread was the best part of the meal, but it wasn't even toasted.  This was one of the worst breakfast experiences I've had in some time.  The only redeeming quality of the meal was the friendly service.
3	The food was good.  The seating was full, but of course when your in downtown and it is lunch time, what else would you expect?
3	Great quick bfast bite. I was staying across the street and I just wanted a quick lite bite before hitting the pool and this was a winner. Practically in hotel dining.We had the french toast which is more like a casserole and a scramble.
4	The Corner Bakery was A-Ok! To me it seemed like an elevated Paradise/Panera. I had the Cobb Salad and it was perfectly chopped and dressed.  The desserts looked really good but a little on the pricey side for me to try that day. I'll be back because I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the great customer service.
3	I've eaten lunch here a few times. The food is decent, although I did not like the sandwich I chose today. The service seems good and long lines tend to move quickly during lunch. I guess I was just a little disappointed with the chicken poblano sandwich and chicken noodle soup. I didn't like the taste of the sandwich- too citrusy and the soup was boring. The chicken said it was grilled and it was cold and kind of wet. I didn't like the texture. I will probably give them another shot in the future. Maybe I'll stick to the sweets they offer, which are delicious!
2	$5.45 for a bowl of soup and 1/2 a roll (literally the roll was sliced in half). While the broccoli cheese soup is very good I could get more for my money elsewhere....a lot more!
2	Not the worst place I've ever eaten, but definitely nothing impressive.  The staff has always been pleasant, but the quality of food just seems (and tastes) cheap to me.  I ordered the chicken casear salad on my last visit and was decently priced at around $8.  The chicken seemed cheap and processed and the dressing was just typical caesar dressing.  Have not tried any of the deserts, but I am in no rush to eat there again.
3	They have Corner Bakeries all over, and today we had two breakfast items.Ordered the banana oatmeal and the bacon/cheddar breakfast sandwich.  The oatmeal is beyond filling.  It could almost feed two people, or one really hungry person.  Totally dug it, and I would get it again.  The breakfast sandwich on the other hand was just OK.  It lacked something.  And that's saying something for a breakfast item with bacon.  Bacon should elevate anything to outer-world limits...but no so with this one.  Come here for a quick breakfast fix that is decently good.
1	I came here strictly for the vegetarian panini.I had one completely starving bite and though it wasn't that bad. Everything was downhill from there.The panini was DRENCHED in oil, so every time you touched it you had to wipe your hands on a napkin. I  must have used 10. Seriously. Also, their "homemade" chips were also incredibly greasy. This has never happened before, but I ate a completely vegetarian meal and felt like it was Thanksgiving and I felt like passing out. No good. No good at all.It was the middle of a saturday, and it was totally empty as well. Not sure if this is just because of the Arizona Center, or what.. but I wouldn't go back. I miss paradise already!
4	I have NOT been in the place, but I did eat their take-out via a group project downtown, so I had a decent sampling of their lunch options.They catered a group lunch for about 50 people, if you will...The apple-chicken-avocado salad I had with balsamic was very fresh, and tasted really good.A lot of the folks around me opted for the pretzel-bread ham sandy - which also looked amazing - if for nothing else, it was served on a pretzel roll (and in spite of it's filling being ham).
3	Quick stop here for a snack after a matinee. I was impressed with the $2,99 light pomegrante orange smoothie, it was quite tasty and I am a semi-smoothie expert. It was a new item. I also tried a 99 cent apricot walnut rugelach, which was unappetizing and was way closer to its expiration date than needed. As I was looking for a place to sit to wait for my drink, i noticed most of the tables were quite dirty. Lots of employees standing around, but it was all about the smoothie on this day.
1	awful. went to phx for the comic-con and stopped here for breakfast. rubbery potatoes that were clearly from a bag and overcooked eggs. avoid.
1	The other day my boyfriend and I stopped in to get something quick to eat before we saw a movie. He tells me what he wants to eat, runs to the restroom while I wait in line to order...I get up to the counter to order and the cashier looked like she just crawled out of bed. You could tell she didn't want to be there especially on a Sunday morning probably nursing a pretty gnarly hangover. She looked tore up, like something the cat dragged in. But regardless, I thought I would give her the benefit of the doubt and asked her "Hello, How are you today?" She doesn't say anything except " What do you want?" That immediately pissed me off, but I was in a good mood so I decided to keep my mouth shut, and order our food. I order the french toast and she says we are all out of french toast. I told her I would wait then because that's what my bf wanted and he was still in the bathroom. So I wait about another three minutes and my bf comes out, looking confused as to why I am still standing there, I let him know they did not have what he wanted. This time we order together, and the cashier tells us that they are out of potatoes and we would not be able to substitute them for anything else. I was so frustrated and pissed at the crappy service we decided to not eat there and walked out.  How does a bakery/ breakfast place not have the key  items on the menu on a Sunday morning?! Not the mention the service from the cashier was horrid. You will get better service at a frickn fast food place. I don't recommend this place to anyone!!
1	Hire more people during your busy times.  No customer should ever be told to call back to place a catering order because everyone is busy.  Another helpful suggestion is not to have complete twits answer the phone.
2	20min- coffee wait22min they found out they lost our order33m28sec to finally get our breakfastBreakfast was comped. Apologies accepted. Food- is dry maybe because I already judged it before tasting it and probably because the experience left a bad taste in my mouthWish it was a better experience.
1	One of my bests kept on telling me how they were a fan of Corner and wanted to share the Corner bakery goodness with me, so, we went for brunch, well she was driving, so, she did have first choice. Anywho, the Arizona Center location we went to that Saturday, was inundated with a long line of people, mainly women (found out there was a women's convention taking place, and it was the lunch break). My friend was concerned the quality would not be as good because of the many patrons but I maintain the belief that if you're a good resto, regardless of how busy you get, your quality and service should not slide. Anyways, after a 40 minute or so, wait, we ordered. I got a Southwest salad, the cheddar broccoli soup, and a maple pecan bar. My friend got the Pesto Cavatappi. We opted to sit out on the patio since the weather was gorgeous, and waited for the food to be delivered. Upon receipt of our food, my friend noticed her pasta dish was lukewarm and not hot, so, it had to be sent back. The bread served along with my soup was cold and wasn't worth eating, the salad was not that great especially since it was drenched with dressing, it might have been wrong for me to assume but many other places I've been to, the dressing is usually served on the side as to allow the diner to decide how much dressing they would like to use. The soup was okay, nothing exceptional. The only good thing was the sweet because the maple pecan bar was moist, and not too sweet. It was around 1:50pm and I was gonna go back inside to refill my drink and found the doors leading to the patio were locked, so, I went to the front and found the doors locked and that was at 1:55pm (they close at 2pm). I kept on knocking and even called them through my phone a couple timee, so, I could tell them i was at their patio and wanted in, so, i could refill my drink. After what took close to 7 mins of constant knocking, a customer in the resto saw my debacle and let me in. As I was refilling my drink, I approached the server, who had delivered our food to tell them of the locked patio door. Her excuse was that someone should have told us that sitting on the patio can possibly get yourself locked out if you're there within the last hour before closing. I'm gonna  be honest and I find that it's outrageous they lock their doors without checking their patio to see if they have patrons sitting outside, and I think it's stupid to have a patio and restrict people to where they can sit an hour before they close. Personally the food is not that great, service was lackluster, and the overall quality was just BAD. Will i ever consider coming back? I think not, and lastly, do something about your patio situation, it doesn't make sense. Oh, and this is proof how it's a crap resto when they're unable to maintain food quality, and service at their busiest periods. It's a shame.
4	Corner Bakery delivers consistently good food at reasonable pricing.  This location is no exception.My girl and I had the chicken panini and chopped cafe salad.  Everything was absolutely delicious.
1	Have ordered from them numerous times for catering.  Have spent tons of money with them and this last order was HORRIBLE.  Will NEVER go back.  Was called when the order should have been delivered stating they are running late.  They didn't come until after 30 MINUTES from their promised delivery time.  Representative was rude, was told I was going to receive $10.00 off because of their service but of course did not happen.  Waiting for a manager or corporate rep to contact me now.  We will NEVER, NEVER, NEVER order from them again.  They lost some great business from my company!
4	Perfect location and hours! Great place to grab a full breakfast before going to work. The staff is always smiling and food is delivered hot and quick. Their breakfast is so much more than just some pastries. They really cater to everyone from on the run business and college students to people wanting to enjoy a healthy and full meal. Always suggest this place if you are in the downtown area! No guilt or regrets enjoying one of their pastas or sandwiches. Must try place in downtown Phoenix!!
1	When will I learn...Occasionally I like to give places that have disappointed me a second chance.  Today I was running errands on lunch and popped in here to take a sandwich back to the office.  Let me preface by saying that it had been months - nearly a year - since I'd visited here.  This was due to consistenly mediocre food and the final straw being bright blue peices of rubber chopped up in my salad.  I can't beleive that the staff didn't notice but I did - after I'd already gotten back to my office and did not have enough time to go back.  I had no lunch that day...  So today I thought - I'll pick up a sandwich to go.  It's been a while - I'm sure things are better.  The sandwich was an "Uptown Turkey on Harvest Toast".  It has turkey, bacon, avocado, lettuce, tomato and mayo.  Well the avocado was so insignificant, I'd actually forgotten it was an ingredient.  The lettuce wilted - not from the toast but from sitting around.  The bread too toasted and burnt in the middle.  What a disappointment.  I really do not reccomend this place at all.  It's not even worth going back to have my messed up meals 'replaced'.
1	I've spent HUNDREDS, maybe even thousands on catering with these guys and each & every time I try to give them another chance they screw up. Today was no different arrived an hour and 15 mins late for a lunch meeting that I intentionally placed an order to have delivered 30 mins prior just in case they were late, no call to inform me they were on the way or running late...nothing, I had to call them - 4 times. By the time my group got their food - the meeting was over. Called afterwards to speak with the catering manager and was told she wasn't in so they took my info for a call back....called back and she's gone for the day.At this rate they won't be there long and they've lost a huge book of business from me. I'm not going to say beware, I'm saying DON'T BOTHER AT ALL.
1	Ok...didn't even make it to our seats due to the rudest hostess service I've ever experienced. My mother asked what the soups of the day were and the lady pointed at a board that we did not initially see. Then when my mom asked, "Where?" the hostess snapped, "Do you want me to read um to you?"  Then she turned to the couple behind us and asked if she could take their order.  Crazy rude!!!
1	The manager, or owner, of this establishment is horrible. Constantly closes earlier than advertised store hours and will sit and watch while you eat if he is ready to go. I mean within the 12 minutes of him closing at 2! 10 people tried to come in and he just ignored them. I mean seriously. Its Saturday and you close at 2! I don't get his business sense he is still paying the rent for the rest of the day, and I'm sure the people who were ignored will not be coming back and neither will I. I like corner bakery as a brand, but I hope this one goes under!
3	If you've never been to this location before, the parking is off of Filmore. Found that out after circling the Arizona Center. Be sure to have your ticket validated because if you don't, you will pay a whopping $12 for parking/hr! The validation machine is just outside the doors of the parking structure and you must get a SECOND ticket from your vendor that proves your validation. As for the Corner Bakery, this location doesn't hop like the one on Bell Rd. So the staff is relaxed. Maybe a little too relaxed ... because the cashier didn't hear me say "tortilla" so I got chicken noodle soup served to me instead. The truffle hot chocolate tasted like ordinary hot cocoa. However, their uptown turkey pannini was excellent.
4	Good food,  fast service.   The staff is always very friendly.   Great place for breakfast,  lunch or dinner.   Enjoy a meal here before or after a movie,  theater is next door down.
1	I really wanted to like this place-I mean, the idea of a corner bakery conjures up pictures of small town, great yeasty smells and oh-so-tasty food. Unfortunately, it was none of those things. Well, first it's downtown Phoenix so I can forgive the small town thing. But no good yeasty smells and the food was below mediocre. I had the broccoli cheddar soup. The taste was ok but it was so watery. I also had the southwestern chicken salad. Again watery. (Interesting phenomenon for the desert...) and tasteless. So watery that I could not taste the ranch dressing that was supposed to be on it and had to get some more and it STILL was watery. Watery and pretty tasteless.  All in all very disappointing.  Will I eat there again? Nope.  Too bad-it's a great location for ASU students and others strolling around downtown but I can't imagine that they'll stay in business for much longer with less than mediocre food like this. Going back to Paradise Bakery for the broccoli cheddar soup-now that is rich and creamy!
3	The place is cozy. Near ASU downtown campus. Food is just Ok. Overpriced for the amount of food they give you. Its almost funny how small the portions are for the price. (I'm pretty sure their cookies are bigger than their breakfast panini.) Don't come if you're super hungry. Service has been good whenever I've come.
2	The Good: I have attended this bakery a few times, and every time the paninis are fantastic. The chicken pomadori and hibiscus lemonade are to die for.The Bad: The staff was slow, and the service wasn't entirely pleasant.The Ugly: Basically everything on the menu besides the paninis and a few salads are almost inedible. The macaroni and cheese is rubber-y and tasteless. Other sandwiches are average.
2	The cafe is located in Arizona Center so you would think it would be packed with ASU students and individuals from conferences.  I ended up going there for work lunch thinking from all the choices available it would be an inexpensive lunch.  I ordered a half sandwich and soup with a drink.  It was over $10 and when I got the meal, it was less than impressive for the amount of money. A very little BLT half sandwich and broccoli and cheddar soup. Staff members were very friendly however, it was slow getting my meal and seems way over priced.
5	Food was quick and tasty.  Quiet environment where my friends and I could talk.  They even gave us all free desserts!  Staff is super nice and polite, especially George.  Will definitely be back.
4	I enjoyed this place for the first time! I ordered the Chicken Ceasar Salad. It was delicious and It was very reasonably priced! The atmosphere is great! I would come back here to eat. The only downfall is that they have limited hours. Can't wait to come here again and try something else!
1	One of the worst meals I've had in a long time, which is weird because I've eaten at the Corner Bakery in Houston and from what I can recall it was pretty decent. I had lunch here last Saturday and chose the salad trio of tuna salad, cavatappi pasta salad and the toasted sesame kale salad. After ordering a staff member let me know that they were out of kale and asked if it was okay to replace with kale with mixed greens, I was fine with this. After receiving my plate it looked pretty delicious, but after the first few bite of each salad it was only downhill from there. The pasta in the pasta salad was so overcooked to the point that when I would take a bite of it the mushiness would fall apart in my mouth. Instead of the toasted sesame salad, I received a mixed green salad which included a few croutons and tomatoes and an overly sweet balsamic vinaigrette which was just empty calories. Finally I tried the tuna salad which was the most edible thing on the plate. I'm not sure what they put in it but it was very watery and tasted sweet. I maybe had about four bites of the whole meal before giving up. In addition, a few other people I was with had complained that their chips were stale. I have no reason to return.
5	Soups, salads, sandwiches and they're all good.  These are foods that are light and plate up quickly so it's a good place for lunch.I don't know anything about the desserts.
2	My friends and I have found a few more sandwiches to choose from, but the rating would still be the same.
1	I came here for the reviews. The place was nice and well kept minus the ceiling fans with a collection of dust that has never been cleaned in awhile. I ordered the Apple cranberry oatmeal, salted caramel latte and a everything bagel toasted with cream cheese to go. 20 minutes later I received my order with an apology. My everything bagel wasn't toasted, my oatmeal was Luke warm plus it was the wrong oatmeal I ordered, the cup was half full too. My latte was caramel and not the salted caramel I ordered. The signs and promotion for the oatmeal and latte are all over the restaurant. I am so disappointed with this place. I hope others have a better experience.
1	Service was horrible we waited 40 min for a panini this morning, 1 star after our entire meal was comped, would have been 0!!
4	I like to call this place Corner Inconsistent. The food always tastes great, but it is often not quite what you ordered, and rarely the same from visit to visit.
2	While visiting Phoenix we went downtown to ice skate and have lunch. The Corner was busy however 25 minutes for a sandwich and salad is too long. The food quality was fine but the service was below average
4	Everything is said in the title: first we are pleasantly surprised by the more than generous sized cookies. Being greedy, so I was more than happy; o) The price of $ 4 per unit is largely justified because in addition to their size, cookies are simply excellent and fluffy inside. It's a treat that will delight all lovers of cookies.
