5	Oh yes. Hello delicious cupcake lovelies. Have you met my belly? I think you'd get on wonderfully. These are the cupcakes that could be a girl's best friend. They're not too big, like the epic muffins you find some places that constitute an entire meal. Score one on 'not feeling guilty for eating cake'. But they variety of flavours and quality of sponge, buttercream and fillings is just so scrumptious they feel like a very decadent treat.How lucky, special and spoiled did I feel when around lunchtime on my birthday my doorbuzzer rang to a special delivery of two large boxes with 'Cuckoo's Bakery' printed on the top, revealing 12 delectable cupcakes. All for me. I cried tears of joy.Of course I did share a lot of the cupcake love, as whilst 12 cupcakes are wonderful and my tummy loves them my skinny jeans might not. However, I have managed to try quite a few of them and oh what delights!I actually enjoyed the fact that of the 12 I didn't know what was what. So it was like a scrumptious game of potluck. The first turned out to be a banana and choc chip. Choc chips in a cupcake!The second, with a little rabbit on top, which I thought also had choc chips inside was carrot cake with raisins and walnuts. The one with an After Eight on top, a mint one. I still have to try the lemon, the strawberry cheesecake, the full-on chocolate and others.But what can I say?! These cupcakes are seriously the best I've tried in Edinburgh. In all honesty cupcakes aren't my normal choice for cake as they're usually just plain sponge with plain cream icing. And the icing-to-cake ratio is often off so there's a lot of icing (too much) and it ends up messy. Cuckoo Bakery cupcakes are everything that is good and right about cupcakes. Not only is the sponge the perfect consistency. Spongey, with enough 'meat' to it that it has a good bite and not too airy and crumbly, but also really light (which obviously means 2 in one sitting is allowed right?) The layer of butter cream icing is PERFECT as far as cake to icing ratios go. Not layers and layers of swirly butteryness, but just the right amount. And all their different flavours! They're so creative! I follow them on Facebook so often every morning see the new flavours they've whipped up, Irn Bru being a memorable one. The flavours I've tried so far have been just delicious. Gone are the bland, boring days of vanilla sponge with vanilla icing (despite it being green, pink or yellow. Pft). Say hello to the perfect cupcake.
4	Not only great cupcakes but great food as well! Went as a group of 4 for lunch and cupcakes many moons ago. I love their range of cupcakes, from simple lemon which is fantastic and tangy to the Elvis with banana and bacon! We decided the red velvet could use improvement but thoroughly approved of the black bottom cupcake!I love the interior of this little bakery, airy and light and all their dishes depict Edinburgh landmarks! LOVE! I think I'd buy it from them if they started selling it!!Stopped in to buy cupcakes to take away a month or two ago and wasn't overly impressed, tho we went close to closing, so maybe they had sat in the display for a while.It's a cute place to stop in and grab a tea and cupcake if you're in the area!Full review with photos on my blog which can be found on my profile.Happy Eating! :)
5	Every time I leave Cuckoo's Bakery it's with a smile and slightly glazed over look with an impulse to skip back up the road (it's at the bottom end of Dundas Street) swinging my arms as I go. I'm all about the cupcakes and this bakery is all about the flavour of those cupcakes which keeps me coming back. These babies aren't just pretty to look at, they come with personality (even one named Elvis) and de-lic-ious mouthfuls I take great joy in savouring. I brought friends who were visiting the city one afternoon and started to sweat over which cupcake to have (envisioning myself bursting into a Cupcake MONSTER, nom Nom NOM!). So in the end settled on er......2 of them (red velvet cheesecake and a peanut crunchy one) which made me blush when set down in front of me until one of my companions also had 2 set down in front of him and we shared a knowing look and smile.These cupcakes come in 12 different flavours which change daily and are baked and iced fresh on site. They are perfectly proportioned - not too much icing which is often the case with cupcakes leading them to taste sickly and sometimes left unfinsinished. The combination and consistency of flavours and textures compliment each other beautifully: the sponge so light, buttercream so soft and creamy, if it didn't taste so good I'd smear some on my face and use it as a moisturiser! I've heard they have a 'white russian' one and will be keeping my eye out for that appearing again on the menu. It's a cupcake revolution!No sweet tooth? Cuckoos offer light lunch options in the form of soup, sandwiches, quiches, savoury tarts and salads - all of which change daily and are made from locally sourced and Scottish produce, hurahh! I've tried all of these at brunch time and they are yummy too AND also followed by a cheeky cupcake - you can have pudding at brunch right or lets call it afternoon tea and cake?!Lastly they have lovely flavoursome teas to wash the crumbs down with - it is a tea room afterall! Next time your at this end of town, don't walk past Cuckoo's Bakery or if your at the other end of town, get yourself down here - by the time you walk back up to Princess street you'll have burned it off or better for you they do take-away and delivery. Sit back, relax and smile on the guilt free, luscious food you've just had.
5	Stopped by here one day on our way to the Royal Botanic Garden. I've been hearing good things about the place and had been wanting to stop by for a while. They have several different cupcakes available and, although I'm sure all were delicious, my belly only allowed me to consume one with a latte. Thankfully two other lovely cupcake-eaters were with me so I could snack on their cupcakes. In all we had: Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough, Raspberry and White Chocolate, and a Vanilla and jam thingy cupcake (forgot the name!) They were delicious! So moist and full of flavor. Not that I would give them one less star for this but they were a tiny bit heavy on the sugar for my liking. I mean, like realllyy sweet! Next time I might get one of their mini-cupcakes instead but otherwise they were delicious. There coffee was great too and, although I didn't have any, their food looked pretty yummy as well. They have this adorable dishware they use that has Edinburgh landmarks on it so you should definitely check that out while you're there too. They sell some of the dishes but they are wee bit expensive for my taste.
5	The best cupcakes I have ever tested anywhere, ever! Great staff, great place LOVE IT!!
5	The best cupcakes in Edinburgh and they serve Artisan Roast coffee. You can have your cupcakes in individual boxes, or in boxes of two or six; great for giving. It's also a nice place to meet friends for coffee or go for lunch, have the soup of the day followed by a cupcake or two.
4	Just need to say, this place is not JUST cupcake heaven, it also has delicious..delicious lunches! I was lucky enough to grab a table here during lunch time last week. Their daily soups look awesome, sandwiches are hearty and salads are fantastic! Usually salads can be quite disappointing, but I highly recommend the chicken salad. The chicken is in a pesto marinade, and there are lots of pine nuts (...love..) in the dish. If you aren't a fan of that combo, I wouldn't think that salad would be your cup of tea. ...Speaking of tea, this place has a great selection of different teas. I had an orange flavoured one and it went very well with lunch. All of their teas are of a high quality. If you are feelin' lucky, try to get a seat here for lunch! p.s I love their mini cupcakes!! Perfect size for a little treat.
5	Cuckoo's is gluten free cake heaven on Thursday's and Saturday's, but it is so cute, its pretty much a little haven of cakey goodness on earth. My first visit, I just fell in love with the decor and ambiance, drooled over cakes and had kitchen envy. My subsequent visits have been planned attacks on the gf cake selection, with multiple purchases made. Other food types are available and look good, but to be honest, I would say make the most of your visit and go for three different types of cake as three courses.The gluten free cupcakes are simply awesome and the best I have ever come across. Not sticky sugary artificial sweetness but yummy, moreish, concoctions. The lemon blueberry cupcake with its lemon icing and zest and sponge laced with blueberries is simply divine and feels like a healthy portion of some of your 5-a-day rather than a cake binge. The red velvet cupcake with cream cheese icing is gorgeous and the little mini banana choc chip mini-cakes are so cute and yummy. I have Cuckoo's earmarked to make my upcoming birthday cake. Ok, so not got round to asking about it yet, but I WILL have a proper birthday cake and I'm determined it WILL come from Cuckoo's. The only issue is, I need to decide what flavour to have - decisions, decisions. I'll have to return in the next couple of weeks for more cake to help me decide....Note: I would get here at a decent time. There were a few folk who obviously had a wander and wanted cakes for heading home late afternoon, but they left empty handed as Cuckoo's had sold out. Like us, most people who went in for cake and coffee, also left with takeaway...
5	This sweet little bakery deserves a star for every type of cupcake I've tried and loved. They really do taste as good as they look.Last year one of my friends asked them to create a strawberry and champagne flavoured cupcake for me, after I'd suggested it would make a great cake flavour. So they did and it was every bit as delicious as I imagined it would be.The icing on the cupcake - they offer perks for Foursquare Mayors and for returning cupcake boxes too.
5	I've eaten at Cuckoo's several times since my last review and and on my most recent visit Im sitting in Cuckoo's waiting for my Sunday brunch companion to arrive. I've already made up my mind that I will have the smoked salmon croissant with salad and a pot of cherry blossom loose leaf tea to begin my day. I sit back contentedly and smile at the cupcakes waving back at me in the display cabinet mulling over which one to try after my main. After studying each one in detail, I've decided it's got to be ........hang on a minute....what's this that has just emerged from the kitchen, made it's way through the tea room and come to rest on the counter apart from the cupcakes. It's a huge chocolate cake with a chocolatey stencil thingy on top. Mmmmmmmmm, must be a special occassion order, oh well, back to the cupcakes, where was I?! Yet my eyes fell back on that cake, god it looks good. Then my companion arrived and followed my tilted head gaze to the cake and her eyes widened and a little determined smile formed on her mouth. On giving our order we asked about le cake which turned out to be chocolate with baileys ceam and was not in fact a customer order but totally available for eating. My companion immediately shouted she was having a slice but I hesitated with a temporary pang of guilt for cupcake. However I broke from my tradition and went for it.WOW! The sponge was soft and moist, the iciing so creamy and the chocolate to baileys flavour beautifully balanced. As I mentioned previously about the cupcakes being perfectly proportioned, so too was this cake! I was totally lost in this moment of heaven - my eyes rolled, I had to hold on to the table with one hand so i didn't fall of my chair, a little moan (or few) escaped our mouths and we had the biggest chocolatey covered teeth grins ever.I really enjoyed my croissant but the cakes do it for me evey time! The feel of the cake texture with the icing on the tongue and the flavour are a pure joy and in fact the best pleasure my mouth has ever had. One of my top favourite cupcakes is the dime bar one and something else I really like that I forgot to mention in my previous review was their unique crockery featuring Scottish landmarks. .
5	about 2.50 a cupcake-very nicely decorated and very moist/flavorful-a very delicate taste (not like cheap cupcakes)!  Assorted flavors to choose from-some quite unusual. I got the raspberry white chocolate and the olympic gold and they're both really good.  Before opening, they had a list posted of what's in the cupcakes by the door but took it down once they opened the store. A bit cheaper to takeaway-comes in a nice secure cardboard box
5	a broken heart needs three things, good friends, a good cup of tea, and a delicious cupcake.  cuckoo's bakery delieverd on all three today when i visited for lunch with a friend.  the savoury menu has lots of choices for a light lunch and i went with the roast chicken, smoked emmental, and herb mayo sandwich.  the bread was lovely and homemade as was the tender roast chicken.  thick slices of smoked cheese and a nice coating of herb mayo finished off this very tasty sandwich.of course any visit to cuckoo's bakery must be finished with a cupcake and we were lucky to get one as they seemed to completely sell out by the time we left! (this was after a number of refills while we were enjoying our sandwiches and just shows how amazing their cupcakes are!)i was lucky to get one of their specials this week, a Trifle cupcake that was one of the best cupcakes I have eaten in ages!!  the cake was moist, the custard filing delicious, and the buttercream frosting on the top so good i could have eaten a whole bowlful of it!  topped off with a raspberry, strawberry slice, and pretty sprinkles it was a feast for the eyes and the mouth.this was all nicely accompanied by a rose black tea and lovely waiting staff that offered hot water top ups when we'd finished the pots.needless to say, my broken hearted self left with much higher spirits and i'm already looking forward to my next visit :)
5	Very nice service, friendly atmosfere, good cake. Thank you , Giuseppe.
5	The cutest bakery shop i have been to!!! I will go there more often if i have enough time, like a whole afternoon. They have a lots choices of cupcakes and they do change them periodically. The other cakes are glorious as well, although they are famous from their cupcakes. Friends said their light lunch is great as well, but i havent try them yet. Definitely nice place for afternoon!!
5	Without suggesting anything at all wrong swithered between a 4 or 5 stars but in the end the excellent service as well as mouthwatering food swung it for me.  I am increasingly sensitive to service and value people going that extra mile.  When I arrived looking for a big table, staff were extremely accommodating.  I had had the extraordinary cupcakes previously but this visit exposed me to some really wonderful savoury (some of the best parsnip soup ever).  It might be small but it is clean, well laid out, has friendly staff and above all wonderful food. Ideal for afternoon tea,
5	YUM! Get there early for selections otherwise, you are in trouble.
5	I still say that Cuckoo's is a little place of cakey heaven and a haven of cakey goodness on earth.I've been a regular here since I discovered it around a year ago. At first, gluten free cakes days were meant to be Thursday and Saturday's but now they are every day with some form of option - usually the GF carrot cake, but this can vary depending on the seasons and ingredients. The cakes are the main draw here. Fresh, baked on the premises from 3am every morning and using local suppliers, these are top drawer cupcakes. Tasty, moreish and varying levels of sweetness (so not the nasty, fake tasting cupcakes but something to suit every palate), with cute seasonal cakes available for celebrating St Patricks Day, Halloween, Christmas, which are usually works of art. They are simply awesome though and I've introduced friends and non-loving cupcake parents to Cuckoo's and they now request to visit again and again or to have cakes from here brought home. Cuckoo's have now made two standout cakes for me - the first was for my own birthday last year (yep - I said it would happen) and the next for my Dad's 60th this year. We opted to get a carrot cake both times and it was fabulous (and huge!). Having not had birthday cake for about 8 years (being GF), I couldn't wait to have a proper cake and it was top notch, with lovely soft cake, gorgeous cream cheese icing and cute bunny markers. Huge and could feed a whole army (my friends and family loved it), it was the cake that still kept giving about 3 days on :-)My dad's cake was loved by family and work colleagues - so much so, he wants to order one for his colleagues 'special' birthday next year. This is from a man who pffttt'd a lot over my lavish descriptions of going to Cuckoo's until he tried the cakes...I've had the milk shakes - fantastic but very filling especially if you have cake and a sandwich and the food is lovely too. I am a cake visitor normally but I had a sandwich on a previous visit - a tuna melt  (brought my own GF bread with me) and it was very tasty and packed full of filling with crisps and salad on the side. I was even charged less for bringing my own bread. There's just little attentions to detail here that is so good to see. Portions are generous so come hungry so you can fit in cake!The decor is cute and clever with Cuckoo's own branding from the cute dresser containing cakes, to the Cuckoo Clock (it works) on the wall and the china plates, cups and teapots reinforcing their own little brand. It is busy so plan attacks carefully as bookings are not accepted but even if you don't manage to sit in then you can still grab cake to takeaway.Service is great as always and combined with the ambiance and the cakes, then it is my go-to place when I want to introduce friends to awesome cake :-)
5	So Im not the skinniest girl, I mean I'll not be giving Miranda Kerr a run for her money anytime soon, run me???  I partly blame Cuckoo's for this!  We moved to the area just after they opened and I was at first using my pregnancy as an excuse for my obsessive cupcake eating - trying to get through every flavour they have - no mean feat they have daily specials..However, that was awhile ago and I'm still frequenting Cuckoo's on a regular basis!  There is something adorable about this place, from the name, the cute crockery and their little cuckoo clock and glass cabinet in the front of the shop, displaying their different flavours and daily specials.The only fault is that its not that big so that now it is sometimes difficult to get a seat, but have i mentioned they do takeaway?? Oh yes! and in a lovely box that makes your cake purchase seem very special - which it is!  if you bring the box back you also get 10% discount on your next purchase fab!The staff are extremely helpful, Ive been in with some particularly fussy diners and they bent over backwards to help us, all with a smile.  They have an extensive tea list as well as coffee's and hot chocolates - if you haven't you've got to try the hot chocolate with lavender amaze !!! The sandwiches are really lovely as well simple but really lovely they probably get forgotten amongst the cupcake loveliness!Now, to the cupcakes - My favourites would have to be their toffee popcorn cake, black bottomed cupcake, red velvet, ooh their after eight one is lush and have i mentioned they do babycakes!  Mini versions - perfect for little ones although the sugar rush afterwards is crazy!  Their peanut butter brownie is one of the best things I have ever eaten, definitely the best cakes in town.Fantastically friendly staff, good prices and why has no one else thought of displaying their cakes in a little glass cabinet - when you look up the word Lush in the dictionary a picture of Cuckoos will be next to it!
5	This is as good as it gets - well, in the cupcake world at least. Cuckoo's Bakery has revolutionised the cupcake scene in Edinburgh with its delicious range of daily offerings, baked on the premises.Flavours like the award-winning Black Bottom, White Chocolate and Raspberry and the innovative cuptails - cocktail-inspired cupcakes - are just some of the reasons why the staff now know me on a first-name basis. Although Cuckoo's bread-and-butter is in their exceptional cupcakes, their brownies, layer cakes and scones give any other Edinburgh eaterie a run for their money. Cuckoo's sandwiches and soups are also very good, and I've spent many a lunchtime enjoying one of their doorstop sandwiches. Plus, Cuckoo's also deliver. They really do have a lot to answer for in terms of both my wallet and my waistline! Just don't get a hankering for some Cuckoo's cupcakes on a Monday. It's the one day of the week that their cupcake cabinet isn't stacked to the brim. I advise buying two on Sunday - talking from experience, that'll see you through!
5	Love sitting in the window smelling the home baking nearby!I love this place for it's cupcakes entirely!  If I'm in early i can bag a seat beside the window, so I can feel a cosy in a corner whilst tucking into one of the cupcakes from cuckoo's range.Hand on my heart this is the best cupcake place in town :)
5	When my friend visited from Madrid she insisted we come to the Cuckoo Bakery. To be sure of getting a table we arrived at 11:02 on a Sunday morning for brunch. I confess this is one of my favourite places in Edinburgh - friendly, relaxed and great value.We decided on the French toast with bacon and maple syrup....yum. Lovely flat white to go with. And of course, you HAVE to have a cupcake....Sea Salted Caramel for me and Black Bottom for my friend. The holidaying couple next to us were ordering scrambled egg whites and decaff coffee but gazing at our table in envy. Personally I think if you're coming here you need to forget the diet and enjoy the food! This is one place which will always make it onto my list of must-visit places for friends and relatives who come to town. In fact, I'd go there for French toast and cupcakes every morning if I could.....
4	We heard this place was the place to go for cupcakes in Edinburgh and boy is that true! delicious! We had a lovely sticky toffee cupcake which was the best sticky toffee cupcake I've had yet- mostly bc it actually tasted like sticky toffee cake with the dates but was moist and had delicious icing!! We also had the Black bottom cupcake which was Belgian chocolate bottom with a cheese cake on top, also delicious!  Now to be fair we need to come back and get a more normal cake cupcake to judge the cake aspect more. But we will definitely be coming back. They lost a star bc the teas we ordered were WEAK! And it wasn't about how long we let it brew b/c there was only like one teaspoon of leaves :/ it more like flavoured hot water :/
5	Cuckoo's did something to make my birthday above and beyond special.  I was studying abroad in Scotland and was very much missing celebrating my birthday with my boyfriend in the States.  He communicated through email with Cuckoo's to send me some special cupcakes.  On the afternoon of my birthday, 6 deliciously amazing cupcakes wrapped in the prettiest box with a handwritten birthday card were delivered to my door.  Not every company will go out of their way to make someone feel special, especially not when the business end of the transaction was from across the Atlantic! I appreciated all of the little touches, and only wished I still lived in Edinburgh so I could frequent Cuckoo's.
5	Sublime! Only wish it was bigger with smaller rooms for more customers but more privacy at the same time. No better cupcake in edinburgh. Good tea too.
4	The Best Cupcake In Scotland?That's the award Cuckoo's received and what lured me into their bakery. That and the Yes/No cupcakes for Scottish Independence. I didn't vote in the independence debate, but I did sample the best cupcake. It was a raspberry almond confection with a mountain of frosting on top. Alas it didn't give my sweet tooth an orgasism, which is what I'd expect for the best cupcake in the whole country. Still a nice little place and you should check it out. I'd go back even if it was just to buy a Yes cupcake.
4	Great cupcakes with an amazing range of flavours which are changed regularly.  The tea and sandwich selections are also pretty good!
5	I ordered 6 cupcakes for my mum's birthday... sticky toffee pudding, carrot, red velvet, strawberries and cream, chocolate vanilla and raspberry and white chocolate. My mum just received them now...said they look amazing! The company were very kind and even though they don't deliver on Mondays they catered it for me today instead even though my mum's house is out of their delivery bounds! Happy with cuckoo!!
1	Look nice, but expensive for what you get, in terms of cupcakes. Too much icing, too sweet, and taste like packet mix. Too much packaging for takeaway. Being a baker (and no, don't have a business here), I am surprised by the glowing reviews. Try other bakeries first, before going here, if you are looking for excellent quality, fairly priced cupcakes.
5	i sent my daughter 12 cupcakes for her birthday at the University of Edinburgh.  My daughter tells me the cupcakes were amazing (and she loves a good cupcake).  I also wanted to add that we had a bit of confusion as the cupcakes were delivered to a slightly different location than expected.  Cuckoo's helped my daughter find the cupcakes and they were very nice in doing so!!Top cupcakes and Top customer service!!
4	I. Love. This. Place. That is not an overstatement. Because only true love can lead an American - nay a Californian - to brave the Scottish weather and walk down Dundas Street from Marchmont.The basic stripped down cake recipes and buttercreams at Cuckoo's is nothing special. What makes Cuckoo's unique is their bold and innovative flavours. Ginger cupcakes on St. Patrick's Day, Grapefruit Meringue, a 'Kamikaze Cupcake' with a lime vodka filling, and my all time favorite: white chocolate cake with lavender filling. (I still think about it despite having had it mother's day 2012) Don't get me wrong the classics here are amazing too. The Chocolate cupcake is so moist and decadent, the Raspberry White Chocolate classic and delicious, the Lemon buttercream tart and delicious. There is, however, one classic that I feel has missed the mark for me, and without nailing it I can't in clear conscience give it five stars; and that is the Red Velvet. Red Velvet is rich, moist, and - if done right, naturally red from the mixture of vinegar and cocoa powder. Cuckoo's Red Velvet is artificially red and dry. I also don't taste that decadent cocoa flavour that I do in the Chocolate cupcake. Despite that one setback, I highly recommend Cuckoo's. It has the best cupcakes in the UK (not counting the Red Velvet)!
4	Lunch and a cupcake - well, when in Rome...In preparation of the Big Big Sing St Andrews event that was happening today, the SR and I went to fuel up in Stockbridge (oh yeah and maybe peruse the earthly delights of the market while we were there) and Cuckoo Bakery just lured us both in (ok, probably more me going 'yes! There! I have no idea if they do food!). There was no time to Yelp. There was only time to go. Luckily for us - apart from very pretty looking cupcakes, we were able to chow down on some carrot & parsnip soup (very homey-style soup) and the humus and roasted veg sandwich. I liked the soup, the SR liked the sandwich; we shared both. I would have preferred the roast vegetables slightly warm, rather than fridge cold, I think that would have aced the sandwich. Both the sandwich bread and the soup bread were both fantastic (although I failed to find out who provided the baked goods on site here). So, it's a solid 3.5 stars for the savoury. The cupcake (raspberry and white chocolate) sent me straight back to my childhood - a like for like for birthday cakes as a kid (whether they were as light and fresh as the cupcake today... I'll leave that up to the good ole memory banks to decide). The raspberry jam was lovely and sharp - a nice contrast to the cupcake. I'll be honest, I don't tend to get overly excited about cupcakes - to me, they tend to be glorified fairy cakes with excessive sickly icing on top - but Cuckoo Bakery elevates this sugar overload and takes the sugar level down a notch, leaving behind a much more elegant experience. Cuckoo Bakery, No. 1 cupcake baker in town? For me, it's a resounding yes.
