5	As I was wandering the streets of Chintown, Montreal, my cousin and I thought this place was a bubble tea venue.  However, little did we know..as we step in, it turns out it's actually what the title says " My cup of tea". This place sells blooming tea, glass teapots, matcha.. anything tea.. you name it. As I wander about in the store, I actually develop hiccups; which gave the man the perfect opportunity to offer me tea! However, his approach was a friendly approach & not really a sales tactic *or was is.. duh duh duhhhh~* Anyways, he showed us cool zodiac teas & with each one they have a purpose, such as: "promotes digesting, improve blood circulation, enhance body metabolism" .. etc. Not to mention, they also sell boxes of tea bags called "Therapy" which have cute little names like : " beauty potion, detox potion, refresh potion..etc" Because of the kind salesman gesture, I purchase some zodiac teas, beauty potion & the detox potion. The detox potion was delicious & addictive, but I haven't got the chance to get around to the other teas. Ideally, from a cost savvy person.. this might be pretty pricey for just tea.. but the packaging is adorable & they make great gifts! This makes a great place for anyone who loves tea!
5	I love tea and this place gets it! They have tea pearls that unravel and blooming flower teas. It's innovative because they have new flavors and nice packaging. I once bought a small heart made of tea for my sister and her boyfriend's anniversary. This is a great place for gifts especially for people who like tea. Service is nice too, the shopkeepers seem to know what they're talking about. They also sell clear glass teapots and give samples on the counter to try.  The store also smells great! If you like tea, check this place out. Prices are slightly on the pricier side as well, but it's worth it.
5	I was first introduced to this shop while on a Fitz and Follwell walking tour, and I've been back several times to purchase more tea since. As others have mentioned, the tea is pricey, but isn't so bad if you consider that each blooming tea can be used three times. So that two or three dollar blooming tea that makes a pot of tea? Divide that by three. Much more reasonable, especially for such tasty tea.  If three pots of tea seems like too much, it can be refrigerated for later as ice tea.  As others have mentioned, the staff are friendly and helpful, and offer samples. What's not to love about that?
5	Excellent service in a beautiful store.  The owner spent quite a bit of time with me and even steeped a fresh cup of tea for me to try. This is the way a store should be run.  I look forward to my next visit!
5	Beautiful store, attentive staff, great service, yummy teas. Check out the blooming teas, and their daily loose tea combinations. Inspired.I know it's short, but what else is there to say?
5	The staff here is super friendly, informative and proud of their product. Classy selection of teas.
4	A friend and I walked into this location after having lunch in Chinatown. I was happy to find that his cute store sold a variety of teas including green, oolong, white, black and blooming teas (mainly with a green tea base).  Their teas are sold in loose and bagged - note that the loose is a much better deal.  Also, they have various accessories like tea strainers and cups. I like that their loose teas are sold in cute paper cup containers and then boxed up.  This made it easy to pack and take on my flight with me!The staff were very helpful and even had samples of tea for us to taste. I love tea and although I tend to drink black tea in the mornings, I bought their Milky Oolong ($15)  as it is calming and good for digestion.  I have been having a cup of it after dinner and it is perfect! It is an oolong tea, but  creamier and light in taste.  I looked at the steeped tea and noticed most of it was whole leaves that were rolled up. The tea itself was of a high quality and the side of the box says leaves are hand picked.  My Cup of Tea was a great find in Montreal. I would love to try some of their other teas next time!  Out of curiousity,  I even looked online and you can browse their tea here: http://mcot.ca/en/home/
