4	My dog Ben went here for monthly grooming and he loved it! Tina was his groomer and she was very loving and attentive. She is the only groomer he ever let trim his nails!  He's a wheaten terrier and always looks handsome. Also, prices are reasonable - when he first went in, he really was a mess - imagine dread locks (so it cost a few dollars more for the first trip). After visits to Shelly's he was a show dog! Now we live in the chilly East Coast and he has a full winter coat, but still loves to get groomed.
4	Being located in one of my favorite shopping centers in Tempe, this groomer is perfectly situated.  I remembered that it was there and had some errands to run so I figured I'd give it a try.  Now, I'm a loyal customer.  I bathe my dog, Rooney, myself but she won't let me get anywhere near her nails, so I have to take her SOMEWHERE.  I used to take her to Petsmart and it would cost I think $8 to clip them or $11-12 to have them use the grinder on her nails, but this place only charges $7 and they'll do both!  They're all really friendly and are always cool with me running over to the other awesome stores in this complex while Rooney gets her pedi.  One last thing, they don't take credit cards.  Cash or check only.
3	I'm on what feels like a never ending search for a groomer that can cut my dog's hair and feel like I've gotten close with Shelly's Pet Grooming. I took Baxter in with a jacked up (and grown out) hair cut he got from Bark N' Babies and asked that they just do whatever they could with him. I pretty much left it in the very nice groomer's hands and said go as short as you have to. The shop is clean and everyone else seemed to be pretty friendly, so I left him with fingers crossed! The groomer did a really good job and definitely went short, but I was completely okay with it! Sometimes you just have to start over. The pricing was decent and I walked away feeling pretty good about the experience - not to mention that my little guy smelled amazing! Since he has longer hair, I'd be interested to see what they're able to do when I don't want him to get a military cut! I definitely think Shelly's is worth another try!
5	My dog rarely, if ever, has a good hair cut. This is the first time a groomer has really asked me for specifically what I wanted and really tried to give him a good haircut. They made notes of what they did exactly so I can decide for next time whether I want it the same or different. The haircut turned out great, my dog was really happy walking out of there, and the groomer who helped me was really kind even though she was working late on New Years Eve.
5	I have been sending peanut to Shelly's for so long I can't even remember exactly for how long, that's OK by me. What I do remember so how great they are with ALL dogs. My dog is really hard to get along with however if anyone can its the Salon. They make it look easy, I would NEVER consider handing peanut to someone different, not as long as I live in Arizona.
4	I have been taking my poodle/terrier mix to Shelly's for a very long  my 10 year old dog is not the easiest to handle but the do so well with her. She comes out looking and smelling great.  Shelly's takes her on time and their estimated time to get her out are pretty well on target. I have used several different groomers in the shop and each has done well. I recommend you give Shelly's a try!
5	I have a short haired dachshund and I wanted to get him groomed so I took him to Shelly's!  It was an obvious choice for me because my mother has been taking her Golden's there for 10+ years every two weeks, so I knew I would receive excellent service!   Marcus does not play well with other dogs, but Shelly's handles him well while in the company of other dogs.  I feel that $25 is an AWESOME price and well worth every penny, at this price I think Marcus will visit Shelly's often!
5	Since I moved here in July 2013 I had been looking for a groomer to bring my golden to. By word of mouth and a nod from my vet, I took my dog to Shelly's   This was by far the best my dog has ever looked! Pricing was perfect.  Look no further, bring your dog to Shelly's for the best you pet can get!Mark S
2	They were very nice and I was indecisive on how to get my dogs hair done. I was just going to do the basic wash they had but my dogs hair was starting to mat. I let the lady convince me to cut it, then I let another convince me to cut It shorter then what the first woman had proposed. She was suppose to only get 1 1/2 inch shaved off but they just shaved her down completely to the point where you can see her pink skin. Her hair was uneven from her face- which made her look like a bobble head which I explained to the woman initially that I wanted her hair to be equal through out her body and face. They trimmed her ears only which make her look like an elephant and they didn't do anything to her tail. I'm really displeased and regret getting it cut. She looks so awkward. IF I come back. I'm just sticking with the basics and if she needs to get it cut I'll head to Wiggles and Wags who offer a better price for better quality work for cutting, grooming, trimming nails, and cleaning out their anus and ears.
4	I brought my little chihuahua in for a bath and brush. The places right near my house were booked up, but Shelly's got me right in. That was great and I appreciated the fast service but there were a couple things that were troubling. I dropped off my dog and they just said, "ok thanks, see you in an hour!" I didn't realize it until I drove off, but they didn't collect a single piece of contact information- no name, phone number or anything. What if something happened to my dog? They'd have no way to let me know. This worried me a bit. Next, they are cash only and of course I didn't notice the sign until I came back to pick her up. It was annoying to have to track down an ATM at the Walgreens down the street, especially because I was on a little bit of a time crunch at that point. It's not the end of the world, but the cash only concept bothers me- credit card fees are a cost of doing business. Sorry, but thems the breaks. I'd rather they charged a buck or two more to cover the fees. So FYI- bring cash.Anyway, what really matters is my dog came home smelling fresh with nicely clipped nails. I'll probably end up going elsewhere due to so many other places being closer to my home and accepting credit cards, but would still go back to Shelly's in the case of the others not being able to get me in.
1	This is an additional review. Shelly offers really poor customer service. She was completely rude. And If I may say even a b***h.  She tried placing blame on me. Tried getting compensation for my dogs terrible haircut. And I practically had to give her more reasoning about why. She felt that I was battling her and said she would just keep my money and not get anything. What kind of service is that?! Screw you Shelly. Ps. You and your staff should wash your hands before touch any dog because they rot of damn cigarettes.
1	.
5	I have finally found my groomer!! This place is absolutely amazing. The service here is TOP quality.. Absolutely no complaints.  I always schedule my appointments with Addie. With her work, you can definitely see how much she cares. My Yorkie, Preston, was given the best hair cut he has even seen. My Yorkie-Poo's hair cut was spot on. She cut his hair right on the very first time... It literally took my last groomer 3 attempts before she finally gave me what I wanted. If you're in the market for a new groomer, for whatever reason, I highly recommend you trying this place out. I can call in the morning and they can get me in the same day. If I need a quick nail trimming, all I do is stop in and they will take a quick break to trim the nails. Support this locally owned and operated salon - you'll be so happy that you did :)
