4	Oh man the kids that work here crack me up... just because they seem so thrilled to be here (not really). But nonetheless, they're cool kids when you talk to them. It's a small Subway so it can get kinda busy sometimes - especially since it's right across Banner Thunderbird hospital, so you'll see a lot of people in scrubs.My sandwiches are always consistent here and I haven't encountered any problems yet as far as food quality goes. There are two Subways near me that are the same distance from each other, but I definitely prefer this one over the other location.
3	Only two people working at 5:30pm. They are both pokie too.  I have time to write my review in line.  Aaaargh!Seriously, it's a subway and the food is consistent and good and all that, but I was a little short on time and I don't remember the last time I've been in a Subway with only two workers during dinnertime.  That was bad enough, but these two moved in slow motion.  I guess they were savoring every piece of shredded lettuce they put on my sandwiches.  I would have yelled at them or reached over and poked them or something, but a wise man once told me not to jack with the people preparing my food.  Not really.  It's just common sense!
3	It's a subway. Same ol' stuff
1	The manager here (possibly owner) is a complete asshole. The bread wasn't cooked and was gooey all wet and he refused to re-make the sandwiches. He's a real cheap bastard. The workers seemed to be in good spirits; I have no idea why seeing who they work for. I wouldn't return to this location if you paid me!
1	I believe he is the manager his name is mike... Thee worst leader ever. Horrible attitude no smile looks like he's just not happy to be here, doesn't help he has looked at the clock several times like he's counting down. The other two workers have same disposition, no smile low tone when talking to customers. There's a long line and there out of salad lids white bread and Italian bread. Got to the end of line sat down and all the sudden they had white bread...
1	Whoever the manager was on 9/6/14 at 2:00pm SUCKS. He called his one employee out of the bathroom in front of customers to serve 6 people by herself. She worked hard and got the food out fast--awesome customer service on her part considering the circumstances. But WOW. He didn't come out to help her until the 8th customer walked in. I have little respect for managers who boss their subordinates around when in actuality their help is needed as well.
