5	The best nail salon I have been too! Super clean and modern! Diana the owner is very sweet and does great work! I've had a root beer pedi as well as a beer pedi (which smells amazing!) I also get gel polish done! I have never had a bad experience. I would definitely recommend this nail salon over others!
4	The first thing you notice, and as you can see from the pictures, the decor is very nice and upscale!  The chair set up is a bit odd at first, but comfortable. I'm only giving 4 stars because I missed the massaging chairs the typical nail salon offers. I was also surprised that when you order a beer pedi, they actually pour a whole cup of beer in your foot water. I thought it was just the name of that price level ($40).  All of the products were made on premises with organic ingredients and no preservatives (apple sugar scrub smelled good). This is not your typical Vietnamese nail salon. There were 2 Caucasian? (Non-Vietnamese) girls working who were both very nice. They talk to you and guide you through the process.  The massage was great although I would have liked it to be a little longer. They gave me a little bottle of cuticle oil for free. I would recommend an appointment on the weekends. I was able to walk-in with no wait but it was on a weekday.  Overall, they do an excellent, above-average job. My feet were soft and pretty. There were not very many nail polish colors to choose from, but all of the colors they did have were the newest and I was able to find a pretty purple.  I also heard they give a 20% military discount.  Worth a try. Not sure if I'll switch from my regular place, but we'll see.
5	I saw this place when i had dinner at Flavors one night, but they were closed or not open yet, so been meaning to try this place! I turned to yelp last week to see the reviews of Pedi lounge before i tried it and you all had great reviews. So, my friend and i made appointments to try this place out (heads up they are closed Sunday and Monday). I had the root beer mani with the owner Diana and the vanilla scrub is AWESOME! And Diana worked her magic on my horrible nails (only get pedis are rarely get manis). We were served mimosa and relaxed! It was a good experience, would have been great if they had more ambiance like flameless candles that flicker and more decor, but dont doubt they will get there soon!I will def be back :)
5	I rarely get pedis, but a friend and I went to the Pedicure Lounge for the first time and it was amazing! The owner and nail tech were both very warm and welcoming. I was comfortable and relaxed the entire time (even with super ticklish feet). We had the seasonal coffee/chocolate pedicure, which is homemade by the owner and it was wonderful! The smell of the soak and lotion was delicious! I gave five stars because this place really goes above and beyond any past pedicure experience I've had over the years. My feet are thanking me for trying the Pedicure Lounge out! I'll definitely be back to get a mani/pedi in the very near future.
1	I think I was pre-judged when I walked in the door. Truck driving lady with no makeup on and needing a simple fill. They had a hawker standing outside Wal-Mart handing out flyers, he was a doll and said the girls there were great. So I went. They had no smiles and said (in their EMPTY shop) that they were too busy to do my fills. A good tech can do this in 30 minutes. They claimed to have client coming in at 4, this was at 3:10.  I handed them their flyer and asked if they were really turning me away. They said yes. I went across the street to another salon, waited 10 minutes and got a chair. They were super busy too! My nails look wonderful.
5	The Pedicure Lounge is exactly how a nail salon should be. Its clean, beautiful and the staff is talented and professional.  I had a beer pedicure and it was wonderful. Very relaxing and my feet feel smooth and look pretty. It is the type of service you would expect from a five star resort at three times the price. I definitely plan on making Pedicure Lounge my go to place for nail care.
5	I get my nails done about once a year, usually for a special occasion. I stumbled upon this place based on the reviews from yelp and decided to give it a try. You will definitely not be disappointed. It was wonderful! The owner did my nails and she did a great job. She took her time to make sure my nails looked perfect. I enjoyed the pedicure lounge more than The Wigwam. I would give the pedicure lounge 6 stars if I could!
5	I received the best pedicure ever here! The shop is beautiful, classy, and spotless. They make their own lotion in-house so there's no preservatives! That's going over and above!! I would definitely recommend this shop to anyone looking for a wonderful experience.
5	I have been looking for something on my side of town that I could feel comfortable with and trust going to. Thanks to all of you on Yelp for such helpful reviews and their Facebook page, I checked it out tonight in an absolutely in love with this place. Diane was awesome and all the ladies there were as well.  Great clientele and I cannot wait to go back for a manicure and my next pedi....I am a germ freak so this place met and exceeded all of my expectations. It's been 10 years since I have moved to LP and so happy to have finally find this place.  Due to past experiences at other places, you can tell I am so jazzed!  They are right next to Flavors of Louisiana by Walmart and its so cute.  Check it out :). I rarely post reviews but this one deserved it!  No need to break my back doing my own toes anymore!!!!!
5	Love love love this place! I decided to treat my self to a mani pedi since my hand was broken and I so amazed and pleased with how they were able to give me a beautiful French get mani despite my hand being awkwardly casted. Thank you!!!!
5	Jessica did an AMAZING job fixing the complete mess the salon across the street did! Thank you for squeezing me in! Wonderful customer service, and a great atmosphere! My sculpted acrylics are beautiful!  :-)
5	This place rocks! I visited for the first time today. My mani and pedi were done by owner Diane. She did an amazing job making me feel pampered and relaxed. The products they use are top notch, and the shop was spotless. It was great to visit a nail salon where you could actually carry on a conversation with the nail techs without being fluent in Vietnamese. Yes, the prices are slightly higher, but the products they make in house (cuticle oils, scrubs, lotions) and the attention to detail more than make up for the increased cost. When is the last time you were offered a Mimosa or beer at one of those chop shops? If you are on the west side, check this place out!
5	I've been to a lot of nail salons in my life and I have to say this has been the best nail salon I've ever been to!! First of all the salon is spacious and they don't mind turning on the A/C!! It's meticulously clean. The staff is super friendly and helpful. This has been the only place where I have not been cut or even nicked. I have very small hands and nails. At other places I would literally get yelled at for " nails too small!" Another thing I noticed was that they have invested in great air circulation. At each station they have a vent system so all the particles /fumes go in there instead of all over you. This is very important to me because I suffer from chronic migraines and strong scents trigger it. I made the mistake of trying to go somewhere closer to me and I asked how long would it be and I was told " pick color!" I said no how long will it be and he said " 3 mins pick color! " I looked around and there were about 6 women sitting down with their colors in their hands , all sweating because they had the door open and no A/C. I said it doesn't look like it will be 3 mins . I started walking out and could hear them saying something but I didn't know their language. Will only go to pedicure Lounge and no where else no matter what!!!
5	After reading the other reviews I was anxious to try this place. So when my friend asked me if I wanted to go get a pedi I said yes and suggested the Pedicure Lounge. I made us an appointment and off we went. I could tell this wasn't your typical nail shop from the moment I walked in. The salon was super clean and very modern. The decor was awesome and felt spa like. I decided on the "beer" pedicure, which is the more deluxe pedicure. I picked a color and we got started. I was offered a drink and enjoyed a delicious mimosa during the service. On top of the terrific products (most of which are made in house) and the great massage, I really enjoyed feeling pampered. My nail tech, Diane, did not rush through my pedi and most importantly she took her time and did not hurt me. Oh I forgot to mention how clean everything is too. The cost was a only a few $ more than I normally pay by the time I pay for all the add ons at other nail salons. Better products with people who take their time and make me feel special-yes I will be back.
5	I was really excited when my friend suggested getting pedicures at this place. I hadn't seen it before but looked at their website and was impressed. It was very clean and the ambiance was relaxing from the moment we stepped in. We were offered a complimentary drink (we chose a mimosa). My tech was Jessica. She took her time and did an awesome job! I chose the "beer" pedicure which is very moisurizing. They add apple soap to the beer so it smells delicious. The whole experience was fragrant and very appealing. The cost was not much more than what I usually pay at a regular salon with all the add-ons. Plus I got a spa experience for a nail salon price. I loved it and will be back!
5	After reading the reviews, I decided to treat myself to a slightly more expensive pedi than I usually do. The girls were really friendly and chatted with all of the customers. Lacey did my root beer float pedi. She was great! She made sure to check with me to make sure the length of my nails was good and that I liked the color I picked (only OPI colors here, so you know they care about quality). She explained each step of my pedi to me so I knew exactly what she was doing. The decor is really nice and the music is ecclectic. You can tell that they care about cleanliness as I watched them clean up after some other customers left. Very impressed with my experience. I'm only sad that I will soon be moving and won't be able to return many more times.
5	This place is worth every penny- by far the best pedicure I have ever had. Lacey took care of me and it was so relaxing. I will recommend The. Pedicure Lounge to everyone! The beer didn't hurt either...
2	I had very high hopes for Pedicure Lounge. Unfortunately, my experience simply did not live up to the hype the reviews provided. Below are a list of the pros and cons of my visit.Pros:- The ambiance is clean, relaxing, and very enjoyable.- There is a good deal of privacy. You cannot see into Pedicure Lounge from the outside.- The staff is friendly and attentive.Cons:- I found the polish selection to be fairly limited. I had a picture (from the Pedicure Lounge gallery of past work) to show what I wanted my nails to look like. The colors were no longer available. I found something that seemed somewhat similar, but it really ended up looking very different.- The basic manicure and pedicure packages do not include a massage, which is my favorite part of a manicure and pedicure. The description on their site alludes to a "mini-massage" but in my experience, there really wasn't one. Sure, the lotion was rubbed in, but that took perhaps 10-15 seconds. I certainly wouldn't call that even a mini-massage.- This is (hopefully) unique to my experience, but my manicure chipped the very next day! My manicure and pedicure was Friday evening and by Saturday afternoon there was a noticeable chip on one of my fingers. I did not do anything out of the usual to cause such a chip, so I'm surprised this happened. By Sunday, four - yes, four - fingernails had chips. I find the look of chipped nail polish to be very tacky, so I ended up just removing all the polish and redoing my nails myself. About a week after, my pedicure ended up chipping as well. I have gone for weekly manicures and monthly pedicures for the past several years, and this has never happened. This was also very disappointing.As a note, someone did call to follow up on my experience. I thought this was a great customer service tactic. However, since I have an infant son, I was busy with him and couldn't get to the phone. I made sure to return their call, as I wanted to let them know what had happened and give them an opportunity to make things right, but no one answered when I called (I believe they were closed) and now a few days later still no one has returned the voice mail that I left.In conclusion, I found the experience at Pedicure Lounge to be very relaxing and enjoyably (with the exception of the disappointment with the mini-massage), but the results were not good at all. My nails looked nothing like the picture I had brought in and both the manicure and pedicure were ruined within a week. I personally was quite disappointed with that, but if you don't mind doing another coat and some nail repair a few days later, I do recommend them for the experience itself, if not for the results.
5	I was intrigued by this place and decided to walk in a couple months ago. I truly lucked out that they had availability since it was a Saturday and one of their busiest days by appointment only. This is by no means your typical nail salon, they are not only very clean and upscale,  the quality of their work is the best I've ever experienced, not to mention the personilzed customer service they offer.I am always more than pleased with their services, my polish stays beautiful and intact for weeks. Another thing I like about them is that they never overbook clients, so you never have to wait ridiculous times to be seen and they don't rush you in and out just so they can see more people.I never right reviews but this place  definately deserves a review. Needless to say, it has become my nail salon of choice for good.
5	I absolutely love this place.  The energy in the salon is as cool as it gets. It is modern, immaculate with the best music playing in the background.   Jessica is an absolute miracle. From now on I will refer to her as the Toe Whisperer. I have what I like to term as special needs toes.  When the Toe Whisperer is done, my toes and feet are as soft as a baby's behind ! I always get the beer pedicure. It costs a little more but the return on your investment is well worth it.  The Toe Whisperer (Jessica)  never disappoints.  I believe I have found my Pedicure HOME.  DIANA thanks for bringing such a classy establishment to us.  Jessica, thanks for your great work.
5	Great experience. Visited Arizona a few months back and had a pedicure with my husband. Fun different way of pedicure for sure and my polish lasted for a very long time. All the girls were exceptional, wish we could have a pedicure lounge in Colorado
5	This place is great!  Discovered it a few months ago on Yelp and been going here ever since. The staff is wonderful and a joy to work with while you decide what you want. So many decisions!  And try the Tatz - Customizable nail art in seconds! The owner, Diana, designed her store and it has a wonderful ambience.
5	I moved to Goodyear a few months ago (temporary relocation) and needed to find a new spot to get my nails done on the reg!I'm picky about just about everything, and although I can work with places that don't meet ALL the criteria, if they don't meet the basics, I'm probably not likely to go back for a second service. The basics for me are a well-maintained place, good hygiene practices (this is a must), a nice atmosphere and friendly staff. The nail techs should be experienced, attentive and great conversationalists. There's nothing worse than not having your hands to entertain yourself on your phone, AND have boring conversation to while time away. Pedicure Lounge doesn't just meet the basics, they are truly outstanding. The owner is an expert nail artist and cognoscente, and her staff are professional, friendly and well-trained as well. My bi-weekly (sometimes weekly) appointments are a treat. Pedicures are relaxing, massage is great, and there are fun menu options to choose from. All the stuff they use is made in house - smells great, and leaves your skin feeling velvety smooth, moisturized and radiant. Of course, the quality of the mani/pedi itself is superb. Diana (owner of the company) is super attentive, meticulous and very knowledgable. I get great nail care tips from her! On my first visit, I let her know that my feet were particularly ticklish, that I had fairly brittle nails and sensitive cuticles... and since then, she has always remembered to customize her services to cater to my requests (and sensitive needs!). It is always an enjoyable experience having her work with my nails. Like I said, very attentive and accommodating. Their selection is also pretty awesome! Tons of colors, and a real plus is their "TAT" machine. For just $5, you can pick out any design from an album of nail art and have the machine (a very cool gadget) stamp patterns on your nails for added pizzazz. Its pretty fun! They had themes for halloween and will probably have more for the upcoming holidays!I am stoked on the place and will never need to try any other in Goodyear (I tried four or five places before stumbling upon this fantastic salon). The proof is in the pudding, see pictures on my review :-) Oh, and the gel nails stay on pretty well through to 2 weeks, sometimes longer. By the 3rd week, the corners finally start to peel - but in my experience at other places around here, my gel nails were lasting only a few days! So, very good quality gels here, with a 2-3 week lifespan - very impressive and worth every penny.Needless to say I highly recommend this place!
5	Great place to get a pedicure! Very clean and love the lounge theme. Well worth the money spent and will definitely be returning.
3	It's a good nail salon, very appealing to the eye. Friendly staff, and cool location. All of my experiences here were positive except the last one, and I haven't returned since. I was offered to get my nails redone since they pretty much all chipped by the next day. I wasn't able to make it back right away and ended up having to redo my own nails at home. I regret not going back and just having someone different redo my nails since I paid a significant amount for them to be done, and totally just wasted my money. However, I think that was a one time deal, all the rest of the times I went were great with great results. I do feel like the color selection was limited.
