1	I know this is gonna sound a bit HARSH, especially considering the LOW prices here.I only tried the tacos.  They have A LOT on their menu, so maybe they specialize in that OTHER stuff more than the tacos themselves...First of all, the tacos and cheap.  Probably some of the cheapest in town at around a buck and a quarter.  They are very small street tacos style, double tortilla.  Just figure how many you usually eat, and add 50% more to get full.  But at the low prices, that's acceptable.Started off with the Al Pastor....DRY and CRISPY...their rotisserie wasn't spinning, and it was OVERCOOKING the meat!!  I don't believe I've EVER had a dry Al Pastor...there is usually plenty of fat in the marinade, slowly cooking on the spit, and constantly dripping down those juices on the rest of the meat.  Not this one.Yes, the tacos are small and inexpensive, but they are a little SKIMPY on the pineapple...ONE CHUNK??  Look at the pic to see what I am talking about....I had ONE small piece of pineapple on my entire taco.  At least mince my single tiny piece to make it look like there is more on my taco!The Asada was better. I thought their Asada was good, but it was also DRY...they probably have it cooked already and let it sit on the stove to keep warm.They forgot my Chorizo taco I ordered, and when I told the lady that brought out our food, I presumed she was going to bring me one.  Well she never did, so I had to go back up there and requested one.  I presumed I would be put in the front of the list considering I already paid, already had ALL the rest of my food, and I was standing there waiting for my SINGLE taco...but I waited for almost 5min before it came out.  Yeah, for a taco.Too bad it wasn't worth the wait...the Chorizo was super dry, no fat/grease/oil at all...I don't even think my tortilla turned that beautiful orange hue I love in Chorizo.  Yes, THAT dry.Why is all the meat dry??  You guys were BUSY today...grand opening weekend!  Shouldn't everything be FRESH right now??  What's it gonna be like 4 months from now, at 8pm and you're the only customer there??Pass
4	nice staff good tacos, great flavor salsas!
1	We live up on the Northwest part of town and basically have no options for "street" style tacos. Even though Taqueria El Tizon isn't really NW, I wouldn't say driving here from any part of town would be worth it. Like others have mentioned, they do have good pricing but that's where the good stops. My son and I ordered 7 tacos to share, 5 of them were al pastor. This was easily the driest meat I've ever gotten at a taco shop. I could have dealt with the dryness if it at least had some flavor. It was lacking flavor completely and the fixings didn't help in any way. Neither the onion or cilanto were fresh and the pineapple was definitely sitting out for a long time.For the other tacos, we went with carne asada which seemed to get okay reviews and that's exactly what they are...okay. The meat was nowhere near as dry as the al pastor but still basically flavorless. They also top them with beans, onions and cilantro. Just like the other tacos, the fixings were far from fresh and the beans were just about as dry as the meat. I was close to giving this two stars because of the carne asada but the service was terrible and this restaurant is friggin nasty. There's trash all over the floor, the salsa bar was a disaster and none of the tables were clean. Then to top it off, when the cashier/waitress brought out our food, she dropped a whole piece of my wifes quesadilla on the dirty table then just left it there. Accidents happen, no biggie. But to just leave it on the table is stupid and is exactly why the restaurant is so dirty. She just didn't care...and I don't care to ever come back!
4	This place is good! There aren't many places to get real tacos in 89108. Cheap and delicious. I had carne asada and al pastor, both to my satisfaction. They put beans on top of the carne asada tacos which I'm not used to, but enjoyed. Salsa bar and pickled vegetables like Robertto's or any other taco shop.
1	DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME/MONEY! Service: Terrible! We got there at 9pm and  their hours showed that they closed at 10pm. This didn't matter to the staff-who locked the doors at 9:07, put the salsa trays away and pretty much closed shop around us by 9:20. Food: Not that great. I love al pastor fries and will try them first at any taqueria. But these were  bottom of the barrel fries to say the least. Sour cream was slightly curdled, avocado tasted at least 1 day old, fries were drenched in grease and the meat was dry and somewhat crispy!Overall: I'm pretty sure inside the restaurant was hotter than it was outside! (102F today)I will never go back and I would advise anyone else the same!
