1	I was looking around for a fast place to get a bit to eat so I saw burger king... Plus I had a coupon for 2 whoopers and 2 small fries for $4.99 so I decided to give it a try. I enter to find no one at the counter I stood there for about 5 minutes before anyone came to wait on me... Someone finally came to the front and said how can I help you? I handed her the coupon and said I will have this... Ok cheese is extra I said that's fine that will be $14.27 I was like what that must be some expensive cheese. She says opps forgot to use the coupon I will give you cash back I said cool... So now I have to wait till she trys to figure out how much money to give me back with a super puzzled look she hands me back 1 dollar and 5 dimes... That his point I think I am in another world lol... I said you charged me $14.27 she says oh yeah at this point I am watching mind shut down the manager comes over at this point and try's to fix it I had keep the $1.50 on the counter I slid it back and said you take this money back and just redo it. So after all that she hands me back $7.10 I not even sure if that right lol... Plus there was a random hamburger in my bag looks like another fun Burger King adventure... I will not be back anytime soon or maybe I will your now entering the "Burger Zone" where people are over charged and random burgers appear in your bag.
2	Took forever to get my order and then they mess it up. It's fastfood...really?
1	As a treat for my sweet pea we stopped here on the way to cub scouts last week.  Well, I won't lie.  I was also craving a garden burger.  We got there and the man taking our order was very nice but while there was only one other customer in the restaurant, it took us 18 minutes to get our food.  That's just ridiculous.
1	I would give zero stars based on service and courtesy if I could. The woman in the drive thru this morning was extremely rude. Glad nobody was behind me because I backed out of the drive thru and am so glad I did since now I'm eating real food.
3	This BK closed for good on Dec 31st 2014. Which sucks since the next closet one is at 48th and Warner.  This location was way better.  Why did you do this to me BK?
