5	I love bringing clients to this wonderful place. Great food and great service. The sushi bar is one of the best in Montreal. Highly recommended
4	Ok, this certainly isn't a hip downtown place, and it doesn't have the character of Le Plateau or Old Montreal....BUT....It's a great restaurant!  It's mainly Italian.  Dinner and lunch menus are great, the servers are all fantastic!  I have eaten here half a dozen times in the past year.Surprising thing here is something I would have never expected, they make awesome sushi!!  Yes, an old school looking Italian restaurant also makes sushi!  Crazy but true.  And the quality of the sushi is superb, compares to a nice downtown sushi spot.  When you go, make sure you've given yourself enough time because as is the case with most Italian restaurants, it takes a good 2 hours to have lunch there!!PS during the summer the valet will also wash your car!
3	Romantic, pretty, unexpected for location.Had seafood risotto and it was cooked perfect.I also have had the sushi, though I have had better it is a good alternative if you don't want to drive through traffic.One tip, do not have large gatherings here. The food does not come out at the same time and isn't cooked as well.
4	Cute place. Been there before a long time ago. I went there for an engagement and the food was fantastic. The waiters were going around with the Hors d'oeuvres and they were fantastic. There was also a sushi table with a Japanese chef making the sushi. EVerything was fresh and super tasty. The main meal I found a bit too over-cooked (we had steak or salmon) but besides that, I'm definitely pleased.The service was great, staff was friendly.. definitely a place I'd consider doing a party at!
3	I went here for an engagement party. It was ok. The food was nothing special at all. Certainly not memorable. For some reason the open bar was closed during dinner. Not good when the wine they give you at dinner is utter crap. Oh well. It's an odd place.
2	I came here with a large, and it was kinda of tight sitting against a wall with no way out. For an Italian restaurant that service sushi. The food was not that bad. I had the cannelloni, and they weren't that good, they were dry and tasted artificial. The Sushi was good, however to a "Sushi Shop" quality. Entres were less then desirable, and didn't taste like they should. I felt something was missing. Like the Love italians put into making food.
5	We had my daughter's engagement party at Prima Luna in the reception hall and it exceeded my expectations.  Andrea and his staff were very accommodating and were patient with the many visits to the hall prior to the big day. All went extremely well that day, the food was great, the service and the waiters were numerous. I take reviews seriously and when I asked my guests and family members if they enjoyed the meal, there was not one single negative comment.   We had 100 people attend this event and I would recommend Andrea's restaurant for a special event anytime.  A shout out to Nick, who coordinated the entire night and who made the customer's expectations  his #1 priority.  Thank you Prima Luna for a memorable night.
4	been several times... Italian restaurant that also has a sushi barI've had the grilled salmon dinner, white fish dinner, ravioli... all very good. Sushi looks good I will try that next time.
