5	I am loving Skin Therapy Aesthetics. So welcoming each time I come in to get services. You think waxing is easy but for some not so much. I have no worries at Skin Therapy Aesthetics Lindsay is knowledgeable in what she does, her wax is not a hot wax that burns you and does not go all over the place. She is a good/clean services. She also has a variety of treatment/services she provides. Would highly recommend. =)
5	Everyone MUST GO HERE for all your waxing needs! I was referred to Lindsay earlier this year and I went to her simply because of her cheap pricing and located close to my apartment in old town. I got a Brazilian the first visit and have been hooked ever since. Brazilians are definitely not the most pleasant experience but she makes it as painless and comfortable as possible. She has also gotten me to start waxing my legs, arms, eyebrows and underarms. I will never shave again! She even did an awesome pumpkin facial on me a few weeks ago. She is so friendly and makes you feel at ease. One visit and you will never go anywhere else! Go see Lindsay!
5	Lindsay is the best. I recently moved out here from Southern California and am very particular about waxing. I absolutely hate switching salons. Lindsay makes you feel welcome and at ease from the second you step in the door. As we all know, the dreaded bikini wax is not the most comfortable of situations, but to be absolutely honest, I have never felt more comfortable with a new aesthetician. She is very personable, outgoing, and definitely knows her stuff when it comes to waxing and products. So happy I found a new place to go to that's even better than the one I left.
5	Okay guys, Listen up! We older guys have hair in places that is NOT attractive. PERIOD. I was heading to the beach for a few weeks with my teenage daughter and friends and did not want a hairy back, ears or nose. Lindsay is awesome. She made me feel like hair removal for men my age is something she does all the time and is the most normal thing in the world.  Her studio is easy to find, very clean, and she is a total pro. Go see her and get that hair out of your ears and nose.
5	Being a very busy person, Lindsey is always available to fit me in! Clean, calm, and great at what she does, Lindsey is now the only person I get my waxes from and recommend to others!
5	Lindsay is so professional and efficient, I just cannot emphasize that enough! Whether it's a lip wax or a full Brazilian, she has never made me feel uncomfortable or ill-at-ease. She has amazing technique, and you will never get a less painful wax anywhere else. I make a 24-mile round trip every month because she really is that good, and she does not charge an arm and a leg for a service that I think of as a luxury.
5	Lindsey is great! I love the new location and everything about her space is comfortable, professional and soothing.  She's extremely flexible with scheduling and super quick when it comes to brow/lip waxing (which are currently the only two services I've gotten there).  I can't wait to try her for a few facials - they look fantastic!I was recommended by a friend and so glad she sent me to Skin Therapy.  I will recommend Lindsey to anyone who's looking for a great aesthetician!
5	I went to see Lindsay last week for my first facial and what a great experience it was!  While I do try and take good care of my skin I must admit that it could definitely use some work.... Lindsay is amazing and the level of care and professionalism is exceptional.  She took great care of me and my skin, I will be coming back for a second facial very soon (and I will be referring all my friends to her!).
5	I am an LA girl and I was only in town for a few days when I realized that I really needed a waxing. I looked on Yelp and saw all the great reviews about this place and Lindsay.. I made an appointment on a Thursday afternoon for that evening, but then realized that I wouldn't be able to make it because of a delay I had at the airport. Lindsey was very understanding and scheduled me for the next day before I was leaving town. All I can say is that I wish she had a salon in LA! She was very personable and she did a great job with the waxing. Added bonus - it was all at a very reasonable price! I would definitely recommend Lindsay for all your waxing needs.
5	I am from LA and was in Scottsdale for work and stayed an extra few days to explore. The desert really sucked all the moisture out of my skin and Lindsey was able to accommodate to see me within the next few hours. She did a FANTASTIC job restoring balance in my skin and I liked the products she used - fragrance free! I would also like to comment on her warmth and sweet personality. She provided an outstanding service to someone she might not see again so I want to make sure those local and passing through town see that she has 5 stars for a reason! If I come back to Scottsdale to visit, I will come see Lindsey!
5	Thank you so much Lindsay for great service will recommend you to all my friend My face are really thank you !!
