5	Yes, it's a gay bar. No, it really doesn't look like a gay bar at all. By gay bar, I should probably specify gay pub. Because it is indeed a pub. There's a small, yet very definite difference between a bar and a pub (mainly all the wooden furniture and ale), and this one falls into the latter category. At the Regent, not only do they serve really really good ale, but they also sell really really good food. Vegetarian food, to boot. It's a bit out of the way for me, this place, but I'd say that at times it's well worth the walk. Though, to be honest, I'm not sure I could tell you how to get there. Not because I've arrived or departed drunk, but because I've arrived from so many different directions, that the Regent remains in a mysterious directionless location for me. All I know is that it's somewhere by Calton Hill. I think that's all you need to know. The only thing that gave the pub away as a gay pub (to me) was 1) my friends telling me it was one and 2) the gay magazines strewn across the tables. This place has really got a great atmosphere. Dark and wooden and with little to no antipathy directed towards newcomers. Highly highly recommended. Oh! They also have Crabbie's Ginger Beer. Tasty.
4	Used to be my local and it's a good bar. The staff are always friendly and the atmosphere is always laid back and jovial. Dogs are allowed in which is great because I love dogs. Never had the food mind you because it's quite pricey, considering it's warmed up in a microwave.I recommend getting a pint or three of Old Rosie scrumpy cider, just dont drink it if you have work the next day. Seriously.
4	Out of the way, gay/lesbian bar/pub.  Locals know this place well.  They have friendly staff, good selection of booze, and free condoms in the toilets (all places should do that nowadays!).  If you're looking to get away from the usual thing, this might be the place.  More on the middle-to older crowd, and not a teenie-bopping place.
5	I went to this pub with friends. They advertise themselves as a gay pub but it isn't that obvious. We went there because it is one of the few places in Edinburgh that dogs are welcome. The menu was quite small but still had an excellent variety to include vegetarian options. The staff and other customers were very nice , and as some of the other reviewers mentioned they really make you feel welcome. My friend left his phone by mistake and they looked after it and returned it to him the next day. We went in at lunchtime and really enjoyed the drinks the food and the experience.I highly recommend, and would suggest that it is a good place to visit even for those of you like me who are straight.
4	What what what? A friendly pub in Auld Reekie? Surely not.But yes. The staff here give you a good warm welcome, and the pub in general is friendly and inviting.I'm disinclined to call this a gay bar as so many do and as it advertises, because there's little to distinguish itself as one. Also, in this day and age, it really shouldn't matter. I know it does, I'm not living in a dream world. But it shouldn't.If I am going to pigeon hole this place, I'd call it a real ale bar. They have a selection of good lagers and always have guest ales on. They also run ale festivals. Also the hops draped along one wall gives it away.Food here is good, quick and cheap (compared to standard Edinburgh prices).If I was a local, I'd be happy to call it my local. But I'm not, so I'll say it's a regular haunt when I'm through, and I'm happy to say that.
5	Very friendly pub, nice atmosphere, good food and drink. Our last night in Edinburgh and it was singer/songwriter night. My wife & I were having dinner and one by one musicians started arriving. By the nights end, we heard the most amazing music. A real treat! We would highly recommend The Regent for anyone looking for a good meal and if you're lucky enough to catch some live music, so much the better. We'll be back...
4	I checked this place out last month when I was in town.  It showed up on a list of real ale pubs and I was all about giving some of them a try. I showed up on a Thursday night.  The inside was clean and it was fairly busy.  Despite this, I did manage to snag a seat at the bar. It's always a bit funny when you're the out of towner and stepping into a neighborhood kind of bar.  I'm pleased to say that I did feel welcome.  As advertised, they had several "real ales" available.  Despite the brisk pace of customer orders, my bartender was very friendly and gave me several tasty suggestions for local brews.  They also had a malt of the month on special as well.  We need that back home!  They were serving food, but I was still stuffed from my dinner so I didn't give that a try.  I have no idea if this matters but they had a big notice on their taps stating they don't use "sparklers" for their real ales unless you request they do.  I hadn't seen such a device before but I'm assuming it's an important matter for the extreme real ale enthusiast.Aside from the bar itself, there were tables and also what I'd call lounge style seating for lack of a better word.  This would definitely be good meeting place for small groups of friends.  As to this being a gay bar, I guess I could see that on my visit but only if looking closely. I think back home we'd just call it gay friendly.  For what it's worth, I was a lone male and definitely didn't feel uncomfortable that evening.  For any last century guy out there who might worry, you won't be manhandled while enjoying your beer.So if you're in the area and want to check out a real ale bar, this is your place.  I'm sorry I didn't make it back for a second visit.
5	Great staff and beer selection on tap.  Friendly atmosphere for both straight and gay.  Good nibbles too, the nachos are great. ... I should really go here more often.
4	Although this is tipped as a "gay bar"... it's not REALLY (i.m.o)... when compared with the likes of Planet/GHD/CC's etc. I would say it's more of a gay FRIENDLY bar... Inside it's actually more of an "old man's pub" with lots of bench seating all around the outside, comfy armchairs and a few stools dotted around the bar. They have a large selection of board games and books to help while the time away over a few pints.Good if you're an ale fan as they often have guest ales on tap. Food menu isn't huge but everything I've had from it (about half) has been tasty.Glad to call this place my local! If only it had a secret beer garden out the back for summer time I think it would be perfect!
4	Warm, welcoming & comfy bar serving well kept real ales. Could do with more than just the 2 or 3 taps they have at present but otherwise I can't fault with it. Have never had food here so can't yet comment on that aspect.
4	Great little pub just off Carlton hill,went there for the first time a couple of weeks ago as part of the Samhuinn stewards group the place was very friendly standard pub seating comfy enough. Great tasting simple food prepared to order very nice selection or real ales and the food is just the kind you want to be eating with a good pint. The staff were really friendly even though we were a large group; some bar staff in similar sized bars can get a bit shitty when ;large groups come in and order food and as individuals, NOT here they were welcoming and happy to help.Ended up here for a good few hours and could easily of spent the whole night. It markets its self as Edinburgh's Gay real ale pub but to be honest if it wasn't for the information on the menus and the sex ed posters and free condoms and lube; a common thing in gay venues but sadly not in "straight" bars and clubs, you wouldn't know. So in summary this place is great grab some mates get along have a pint with a toastie or some nachos and have a great night/day chatting away, putting the world to rights.
