5	If you're a wine fan in the mood to try something new but don't know where to start, head to Wine Warehouse of Scottsdale in north Scottsdale.The store/bar opened this month and features dozens of wines and craft beers for any price range and taste.What's coolest about the spot: lounging at the bar is an awesome place where you can sample wine before you throw down to purchase, and the vibe is friendly and relaxing, unlike what you might find if you just go to Trader Joe's.I went there this week with some friends to try some of their selections, a variety of red and white wine, including a carbonated red called Bellina that tasted so awesome, just like cherry Coke, I took a bottle home with me. At $8.99, it was a steal and a must-try!Monday's through Friday's, the Warehouse hosts a happy hour, with $9 wine flights, $2 off wines by the glass, and $3 of create-your-own six-packs of beer.The coolest deal, though, is that you're always able to create your own 12-pack of wine bottles for only $60 from what's available at that price point. Like our hosts pointed out, the case would make a great set of holiday presents, with quality selections at only $5 a pop -- what a steal!The bar is also offering up periodic wine tastings, including one Saturday, September 28, from 5-7 p.m., which will include free cheese plates and wine samples. I had some of the Warehouse's cheese and fruit when I went, and it was delicious.Besides my favorite wine, the Bellafina from Italy, we also tried the Lo Nuevo, a refreshing Spanish white wine; the Viognier, a clean and acidic wine from Northern California; the Drops of Jupiter, a red wine from San Francisco that is actually made by Train guitarist Jimmy Stafford; the robust Mercer Cabernet Sauvignon from Washington; and the smooth Southern Hills Cabernet Sauvignon from Wente Vineyards.I thought they were all great choices to sample, and I liked all of them. I'm usually not a white wine drinker, but I enjoyed the ones I sampled, especially Lo Nuevo from my dad's home country.Wine Warehouse has plans to open a patio with TVs, and I think it'd be a fun yet practical place to visit if you want to have a glass of wine and save money by drinking a bottle at home. It's not as formal as some wine bars, which can be great for happy hour, and the store's atmosphere, with fun ceiling hangings such as a cupcake, give it a welcoming feel. Check them out on Facebook at www.facebook.com/WineWarehouseofScottsdale.
5	My dear friend Marisa S. introduced me to the Wine Warehouse for an Oregon wine tasting event!  This is an adorable boutique wine house with a tasting table and lots of wine to choose from.  The staff I met was extremely nice; I had the pleasure of meeting Sharon and Patrick.  We chatted about wine, pets, children, silly Canadians sitting on the adorable patio and everything in-between.  We tasted some good complimentary wines from a distributor representing their Oregon wines and I also had a flight of white wines from the tasting bar.  Happy hour has $2 off per glass and $5 off a flight.  Also they have complimentary tasting events every Tuesday and Friday with light bites to nibble at (cheeses, crackers, nuts, veggies etc).  I had a great time here and will be back if I am feeling thirsty for some vino...which is quite often ;)
5	Cute place! I was surprised when I walked in at the size, variety and over decor of this store. Part wine store and part bar. Father and Daughter owned and operated, both with great knowledge AND personalities. The wines we tasted and purchased were all great...we will be back!
5	Mas Vino! I've been looking for another fun wine hang-out; this may be it. They have a huge selection of wine; priced from $10 and up for a bottle (store prices, not restaurant prices). They also have a vast selection of craft beers too. Looking to have a glass while you are there - no problem. They have 4-5 coolers of chilled beverages; they have some non-alcoholic beverages too for the designated drivers. Wondering about bringing a group? The bar seats about 10, the various tables inside seat about 15-20 and then there is the big outside patio...with heaters mind you - that seats I'd say 15-20 plus lots of standing space so you can take turns with the seating if needed. Food? Selection is very limited for purchases; you can get a little cheese plate for $10. It's a wine bar afterall... but they seem to be cool with bringing in your own food so that's cool.I was told on special event nights they do have a selection of appetizers though. They have a TV behind the bar; I'm sure you could talk the bartender into putting on a game etc. when I was there a movie was playing. Staff is nice; our first visit we had Patrick helping us out behind the bar. He also helped us to find a bottle of wine based on our needs and description so don't hesitate to ask... there are so many bottles to choose from and they know their wine. I'll be back. Cheers!
5	Wonderful, friendly spot to enjoy some great wine and beer. My husband and I had "date" night here. Great prices and selection. I did the wine flight and all the selections were amazing. They had appetizers out for customers to enjoy, but I opted to order their cheese plate (the one food item they have) and it was lovely! Great quality cheese and the presentation of the plate was beautiful. They have a large patio area outside which I look forward to enjoying in the spring.
5	When Marisa S. asked me if I wanted to join her for a wine tasting here at first I thought it would be a place like Bevmo or Total Wine based on their name Wine WAREHOUSE. Much to my surprise and pleasure, it's a boutique wine shop with friendly staff. For more details on what's offered read some of the other reviews already posted. I will write the ambience is great- perfect place to bring a date or come with a group of friends. Great location with a beautiful patio out front with seating. Friendly and knowledgeable staff- sure to become a neighborhood favorite!
5	Purchased a wine and cheese sampler Groupon and went last night. Very friendly and knowledgable staff. I loved the high barrel tables and the whole decor exceeded my expectations. Part wine store, part lounge. Patio seating with heaters were available. Great selection of wines with a variety of prices for your budget, open until 10pm. Very pleased with this place and will go back again.
4	This place hasn't been open long, but I drive by it almost every day. Then I heard they had a good craft beer selection, so one day I stopped in. I was impressed with their selection, and even more with their prices. It is tough to compete, in Scottsdale, with places like Total Wine & More and Whole Foods. But they offers a nice selection of single bottles and are competitive across the board in regards to their prices. Oh, and they have a wide selection of cold beer, too. Cheers!
4	This is really a great place. Was here for an event last week and there was decent live music on the patio and the owner was passing out free strawberries with chocolate pre-Valentine's day. The spread also include a large cheese tray, mini-meatballs and some greasy wings and a bunch of fruit. Wine samples were flowing and you also could simply buy a beer in the store and crack it open and go to town inside or outside. Huge discounts on everything during 3-7pm happy Hour and a good vibe. Better get there fast though before all the Scottsdale snobs discover the joint and ruin the place.
5	I have brought many people here already that have written reviews for this place and I haven't, shame on me!  I love this place.  I am so happy we have this concept in North Scottsdale.  I have been coming to this place almost from opening date, I remember still smelling the varnish on the wood, lol.  They have a great patio, and twice a week they offer free wine tastings.  If you sign up for their e-mails you can get the details.  I love knowing what they will be offering.  You can also do flights of the wines they are offering, or if you don't like what they have open at the time, what I have done is buy a bottle and enjoy it there, whatever you don't drink they will re-cork.  Brook, Barry and James are very helpful and can steer you to the right wines for you.
3	Need better wine sampler glasses. Way too small to see, smell and taste the wine.  Need to,knock it up a notch if you expect clients to purchase your wine.
4	Who knew this place offered wine tasting in such a pretty atmosphere right on busy Scottsdale road?  Just went last night, and it was really nice.  Outdoor fire pit, beautiful flowers, and the inside bar is great too.My only suggestions:  1.) In follow-up to a comment already on here about the wine glasses...We had 4 different wine tastings (2 white, 2 red) and the server poured them all into the same glass.  Not ideal to taste the new wine, when there is still some remnants of the prior wine, especially with the switch from whites to reds.2.) Very limited seating.  Most of the store is a retail setting, but more places to be sit would be great inside and outside.  I know they can squeeze in a few more.  My friend and I left the first time, because there were no tables but so much extra space to walk around.Overall, a good experience and I will come back.
5	Best place in town! My wife and I come every week for the tastings on Tuesday and Thursday. The atmosphere is great, the prices are right, and the staff is amazing. Everyone that works here is extremely knowledgable and willing to help. Buy a bottle and enjoy it on the patio, you won't be disappointed!
5	Let me join the Marisa S. and Joe S. bandwagon and say this place is fantastice and yhanks yo Joe and Marisa, I now know about it!  I/we went here on a Wednesday night after the ISC UYE with a few yelpers for their wine tasting quiz.  For $10, you get a blind 4 wine tasting in which you compare your tasting notes to the list  the Wine Warehouse provides and then you make an "educated" guess for each of the wines you are tasting.  I loved it.  What a great idea.  And the best part, if you get all 4 correct, your flight is free.  Ahhhhh, bliss.  I got none correct.  Zero.  Bummer, but I drank wine! This is a very cute and well stocked wine store and from what I can tell, the staff is very knowledgeable and well trained.  From the serious jazz tunes playing to the short sale wall to the wonderful assortment of tapas and cheese plates, this wine store has all the makings of a fun evening out!  Can you imagine telling your date or friends, lets go to a wine store tonight.  They would be surprised!My return factor is 100%
5	Amazing selection and super friendly staff! I walked in and felt like family.  Highly recommend them!
1	The wine tasting was 4 pours. All four wines I thought were not good. Its like they picked the cheapest wines for their tastings. What was strange was that they had a good selection of wine for sale. If you are going to do tastings, they should be the best offers so that people crave more and buy more wine. If you offer crappy wine, it makes me think the whole selection is crappy, and just encourages me to leave quicker. The service was pretty bad....slow and extremely unfriendly nor personable. I will not be back, and do not recommend.
3	I am always looking for places to taste wine and also grab a bottle to go, if need be. After purchasing a Groupon deal, I decided to head to Wine Warehouse for a pre-date night wine and cheese tasting. I liked the concept. Lots of wines 'flagged' by country and many to choose from by the bottle. The bar is area is decent and there is outside seating. We sat at the bar because it was still hot outside and there did not seem to be any misters. We had 4 tastings and a pretty sparce cheese plate with two half slices of two different salamis. That could be better. I actually thought it was initially so chincey because this was a Groupon deal. Well, no. We asked for a more 'in depth' cheese plate and the server told us there is no kitchen and this was it! The cheeses were very good, but they were cut into small cubed squares. The wines we tasted were very good. Wine is very much a matter of taste. I gave my Chardonnay to my boyfriend, because there is one Chardonnay I like and its in Carmel, Ca. Again, not the wine bars issue, it's a matter of preference! The one thing I did not like about the tastings: all were poured into the original glass. That is weird. Anyone who knows a thing about tasting would no this ruins the next tasting from the last. Overall, we liked the Wine Warehouse. With a few changes this place could be fab. Champagne tastings? A more expansive flight of wines choice? Lastly, more cheese! We will be back.
4	This place is really cute.  I took the missus on a wine date with a Groupon and they gave us 4 tastings paired with meats and cheeses for $20.  It wasn't the four greatest wines we had ever tried but it was definitely a great deal.  The decor is that of an elegant home and they had a great selection of wines and BEERS that they paired with flags of their country or state of origin.  Overall, I agree that the place needs more seating but it's really a wine store that's housing some foodies to get them to try and buy more.  I'm OK with that.  The staff was friendly, but there was only one person serving like 15 people which means the service was a bit slow.  It's definitely a great idea that needs more support.  So go support them and get yourself some delicious wine in the process.  We will be back.
5	Great wine and craft beers in a relaxing atmosphere. Absolutely loved it and plan to be a regular.
5	My wife and I frequent the WWH and we love it! The staff is amazing (especially Brooke & James) and are extremely knowledgable. The perfect place to meet good people and drink delicious wine at a great price. Easily the first stop for any night out!
4	Went to the Wine Warehouse on a Groupon, received a wine tasting and meat and cheese platter. The wine was awesome! For the meat and cheese platter you got 1 piece of pepperoni and 1 piece of salami, so that was a little lame. However, the server was really knowledgable and fun. The store offers a huge variety of wines and has a nice atmosphere, would go back and recommend for a relaxing night!
5	Great wine and beer selections... Just a nice place to go and have a glass! The staff are very personable and they know their wines!
4	Great place!  Love the relaxed atmosphere, place to interact with people enjoy a glass of wine, etc.
5	LOVE coming to the wine warehouse! Great little locals place and I always have a wonderful time here. All the other patrons are friendly and the staff makes you feel very welcome. Every time I visit I have memorable conversations with the people sitting next to me. People come here for great wine and a nice time! Thank you Brooke for always remembering what I like too!
