2	Review is for the service department.I'm giving these guys 2 stars.  I may revise it up, we'll see how they handle themselves.I left my company vehicle with them for a couple repairs while I was out of town.  When I returned I found they had performed additional work without discussing it with me.  This sometimes happens with corporate vehicles that are administered by a fleet department but at least a courtesy call to the driver of the vehicle is in order.  Unprofessional at best, dishonest at worst.When I looked at the receipt for the repairs and saw that some front end work and a 4-wheel alignment had been done I had a close look at the wheel wells.  I noticed that there was some damage to the interior of the wheel well and loose plastic.  I don't recall this being there so they are getting it back next week.  We'll see if they make it right.Bottom line-these folks are not recommended.They are not good about letting you know when repairs are completed or how long it will take.  I drop it off in the morning, by 3-3:30 I am repeatedly calling and leaving messages or trying to get a live person.I need to know things like:  Do I need to arrange a ride home?  Do I need to get a rental?  What needs to be done?  Hello?
1	They replaced the transmission on my company vehicle.  I drove it home and it bled out all over my driveway.  Had to get it back to them.  They forgot a seal...Find another Chevy dealer for service.
5	Instead of writing a review, I'll just submit the letter I sent to the GM regarding my experience:Good morning Mike, I am sending this email to you to inform you of one of the most outstanding customer service experiences I have ever encountered.As a consumer that is currently working to correct my not-so-great credit, you can imagine the struggle it has been to purchase a car.  I had gone to a few other dealers before finding a listing for the KIA Soul online linked to your company.  Needless to say, those experiences left me disheartened.  Even when visiting with the "alternative funding" department at one dealership, I was still treated in a way that left me feeling as if I didn't deserve to be respected by anyone because of the number on my credit report.  When I called on the ad listed, I was connected to Court Johansson.  The first thing I let Court know was my actual credit score, which has been my practice to each dealership I have contacted.  Court did not make me feel as if I was missing brain cells--he was compassionate, and I could actually hear the sincerity in his tone when he said he had a good feeling he could help me.  After the initial phone call, we communicated over email and on Thursday afternoon he let me know that what I was looking for seemed attainable.  At this point I still didn't have my hopes up, even though he was much more respectable than ANYONE I had spoken with thus far, I know that my "score" is not ideal.  He let me know your office hours, and that he would not be in at the time I was able to come by,  but Jim Rule would be apprised of my situation and ready to help.Thursday when I pulled up, Jim was already standing at the door waiting to greet me.  With a giant smile and a demeanor that made me feel comfortable, he immediately eased any residual apprehensions I had from my previous experiences.Jim and I talked numbers and budgets, facts and warranties and at no point did I feel this was his sales pitch. It was apparent that he was a good man that was honestly trying to help me attain a goal.  When he came back to me after speaking with Joey Graves and crunching numbers, there was not an ounce of pressure.  I made the decision to purchase because it felt right, and for no other reason.  Joey spoke to me about the financial information in simple terms--nothing overwhelming, he explained everything which left me, yet again, feeling confident I had made the right decision.  I settled in to sign the paperwork and was then astounded by the customer service I continued to receive, even after I had said "let's do it!"  Jim bought me dinner, cleaned my new car, emptied my trade (which I can promise you was a task in itself!),  brought me water and kept me feeling confident all the way until I left the lot.  Far too often people that deliver this type of service are not thanked or appreciated by the customer.  I haven't been able to stop talking about how wonderful my experience was at your company.  I have spread the word, I will continue to send as many people as I can your way.  You need to know what special men you have in those two.  They changed my thoughts on car 'salesman' forever. Please be sure to thank them for me once again, and please recognize them for some outstanding service. They made it apparent I wasn't a sale to them, I was a person and they showed me respect from the get-go.  Sincerely. Melanie DeubyA VERY Satisfied Customer
5	Another wonderful experience at Freeway Chevrolet, thanks to Lisa for her help!!
5	Freeway Chevrolet---BEST car buying experience & BEST Customer Service-- hands down.  WOW.... Duane, Dennis, Marc, & Mike!!  Awesome Customer Service. Iplanned to hang out with my daughter and her boyfriend today, driving around looking at what kind of cars SHE should consider buying.  While I was waiting for them to arrive, I was looking at a vehicle I might like--knowing I wouldn't qualify.  Up walks Duane-- who convinced me to take a few minutes to see if I would qualify.  I have recently struggled through some difficult financial times and didn't believe I would even begin to qualify.  Duane took me inside, introduced me to Dennis and Marc and WALA.... I walked out with a GREAT vehicle, GREAT shopping experience and New Friends.  These guys could teach seminars on Customer Service!!  THANK YOU Duane and Dennis.  PS.  My daughter also bought a brand new Camaro today ....  Freeway Chevrolet--Duane & Dennis ROCK!!!  I will definitely recommend-- and be back!!                                                                                                                        Lori N.
5	I went to Freeway by recommendation of USAA, looking for a new Cruze. Rolled in at 1330 today with a severely upside-down trade, not much cash down, and iffy credit. Rolled out at 1700 with a 2012 Cruze LS with 32 miles on the clock and completely reasonable payments.Thanks to David Daniels (sales) and Tracy Soli (finance) for the most painless car-buying experience I've ever had. The whole process was pressure-free and comfortable.
4	Sorry, guys, I have to knock you down 1 star for your service department. I brought my new car in for some odd stereo issues (randomly un-pairing my phone and resetting itself when I try to browse my iPod) and a vibration in the transmission in 4th gear, which other Cruze owners have noted. The SA flatly dismissed the stereo problems and said the trans problem was me lugging the engine. Yeah, no. But thanks for treating me like an idiot.
1	Think twice about bringing your car in to Freeway Chevy for service. We brought our 2001 in over a week ago. Very poor follow up, very poor customer service, and they proceeded to trouble shoot the car without calling to inform us of the cost. 6 days later the dealer wanted to charge me about $500, and that was to tell me the battery is being drained by the radio and that I need a new radio. The service advisor and his manager could care less about you or your car. Go some where else. The irony is my wife's Chevy Cobalt has 140K miles, and we are getting ready to buy a new Chevy in the next 3 to 6 months-- Freeway Chevy will not be getting this business.
1	Please be careful when shopping here. Dennis the assistant manager has to be the worst closer in the business. His ego is unreal. I would never do business with him  and I feel sorry for any employees that work for him. He has no clue about customer service and tries to bait and switch by putting down your trade and offering a dirty stinky high milage dealer rental which was way over priced. Dennis says hey your trade is 2 years old has 6,600 miles and we can sell you a 1 year old 26,000 mile dealer rental for top dollar... I don't think so... Couldn't get out of there fast enough.. BTW went to the Ford dealer and got a brand new 2013 Ford and they paid a fair and reasonable amout for our pristine trade.
5	I was thrilled with Freeway Chevrolet.I was treated with respect. (even after my deal fell through)I was treated fairly.  I never felt pressured.The transaction was quick and painless.I will return here for my next Chevrolet. Felt like i was a valued customer.*Note: I purchased a vehicle here, and although I was financed, the terms were not what was agreed on, and after driving their vehicle for a week, I returned it with no problems.  They were professional and treated me very well.  I have NEVER been treated so well by a dealership.  I will return when in a better situation for myself. :)
2	I brought my car in as a notification went off requiring service.  I sat for over an hour waiting on Enterprise rental car to show up.  What I found is that Enterprise was not even a block away.  I could've walked over there sooner than it took for them to show up.  In addition, after waiting for 30 minutes I asked the service advisor what's taking so long and he said they should be there shortly.  In my opinion, I should've immediately been shuttled over there vs. sitting there wasting a portion of my Saturday with my friend in town visiting on getting a rental car.  I had to go to the service manager after an hour of waiting and at that point he said he'd shuttle me to Enterprise.  It shouldn't take an hour to get in a rental car.  I wasn't impressed at all, which is sad because I purchased my vehicle from this dealership.  When comparing the service I receive at Acura to Freeway Chevy, I believe there is absolutely NO comparison.  I would be in and out there with a beautiful and sometimes upgraded vehicle in less than half an hour.  Time is a commodity and I believe Freeway Chevy failed in delivering timely service to me on this go-around.
5	Haven't purchased a car from here but have had service done. The GM Mike is a great guy and very committed to customer service. Any time I've had a question or concern, he's on top of it.
1	Three years ago I purchased a 2010 Chevrolet Traverse brand new, this was the SECOND vehicle that I purchased from Freeway Chevrolet.Now the head of finance was told ahead of time that I would do the deal for no more than 6% interest (in 2010; a good rate for someone with a 750 FICA).  Freeway's ENTIRE accounting dept. however lost my paperwork for 3 months.  WHILE I was calling them asking them what was going on because my trade in vehicle's financing was calling me to find out why I'm not making any payments. They then called me to tell me that they now needed the vehicle back because they didn't follow through and the 6% wasn't going through with any of their preferred lenders. They also told me that the 2008 Tahoe that I traded in for the Traverse was gone (extremely bad form, and I believe against the law especially since they didn't even pay me for it, and as I said the bank was calling me asking why I wasn't paying for it).Long story short I called up my State Farm Rep and got financing at 6% for the Traverse without any effort whatsoever (other than a lengthy drive to my reps office and signing the paperwork). I took a check from State Farm to Freeway Chevrolet, and sat down with the GM Michael J. Cook. Who apologized profusely in order to pry that check out of my hands, rather than have me take it to another dealership and pick out another vehicle (thus giving him back the Traverse with what was then 1000 miles on it, and slapping him with a lawsuit over the Tahoe he sold out from under me and never bothered to pay for).I explained to Mike that they owed me, my credit was now dinged due to THEIR lack of payment, and as a gesture of good faith the LEAST they could do, would be to guarantee me free oil changes and basic vehicle maintenance (tire rotation, etc...) for as long as I owned the Traverse. Needless to say Mikey like it, he agreed shook my hand wrote up a little note and his sales manager Mark Oreo was in the room to witness the whole thing.Last week I took in my Traverse in for what I thought was a serious enough problem (the A/C not functioning properly), and then found my lovely traverse also had a very serious problem with the transmission. No big deal, all under warranty.I figured you know what though, it's almost time for an oil change, and the tires should be rotated, go ahead and do that while you have it. A few hours later the service adviser Craig called and explained to me that the maintenance was NOT going to be covered, and I would need to take that up with Mike Cook.I proceeded back to GM Michael J. Cook's office, and asked him what exactly was going on? I had even used my free oil change service in the past (twice). Mr. Cook decided that he would treat me like someone that had walked in off the street and was threatening his life. As I stood there asking "What's going on? We had a deal." (without EVER even raising my voice). He actually yelled at me THE CUSTOMER (that had purchased NOT one but TWO vehicles from his dealership). He then threatened to "kick me off the property", told me "that the cops could be called for trespassing", and that he had no problem "refusing me service at all". I asked him "What's with all the hostility? I haven't even raised my voice let alone spoken ill of anyone." His response "I don't like your posture."Well Mr. Cook my posture is now this. I will no longer shop at your dealership (purchasing two vehicles from you was apparently two too many), and my story and our conversation is now a matter of public record. I have also contacted Chevrolet directly to let them know exactly who is representing them in Chandler, AZ.I hope you have a good day, and enjoy your "power trip". I have a feeling it's going to be a short one, because I'm just getting started, and the customer is ALWAYS right. Take that from an actual business OWNER, not a GM of someone else's company.T.P.S. I've moved since our original agreement, but you can be sure that when I do find my paperwork signed by you that it will be posted, and shared with Chevrolet Corporate as well. EITHER way, this does not explain why 2 people from your organization suddenly forgot the deal, and why your service manager/adviser Craig used the words "Yeah, apparently we're not going to honor that anymore?". Or why you decided it was appropriate to treat a paying customer in such a manner for that matter.SUMMARY: My advice to all the Yelpers... avoid like the plague. Typical car sales people, nice as can be till they get your money in hand, then you can go rot in a hole as far as they're concerned. (At least that's the impression I got from the GM)
4	Both times I've went here recalls to my vehicle made the work free and they were quick to let me know that. They didn't push any other service for me to get. They even did some extra work at no charge. The people who work there are friendly. The only reason I took away one star is because the turn around time was a few days. Also because when they called me they told me the car was ready I went there and it wasn't ready. I had to wait another 45 minutes before it was ready.
1	This dealership sucks... Nick Taylor told us we were pre approved had a bank and everything and come down to sign papers and we would have a car. so we did that and had the car for a week ad five days they calls us to tell us we need to return it because they dont have a bank to finance us. So we were told one thing and they did another and act like oh well ooopppsss sorry. Dont go there to get a car they do not follow through with what they tell you... they give salesman a bad name. Now that he isnt getting a sale he will not return phone calls.
4	Had a recall as well as an oil change plus they fixed an additional item I brought up without being pushy for additional service.  They followed the exact process they laid out when I dropped off my car and everyone was exceptionally polite.A very good customer service visit from my point of view.
2	Service Department is a joke. Some guy named Roger, who's apparently the Service Manager but has the appearance of a carwash guy, was not only inept at dealing with a customer concern (a $43 DOLLAR OIL CHANGE) but had the customer service of a machinist. Worse, the General Manager (COOK) doesn't give 2 sh*ts about loyal customers - only new/used car sales. That's the biz. Rather go w/ a competent auto mechanic like Gene's where they don't screw you over for every last penny they can snake out of you. So long Freeway...
1	Worst car buying experience I have ever had.
1	Actually, the service department showed me the price increase was due to labor cost increases, not oil. Nice try.
1	Service department lacks customer service.  They left my wife high and dry without a vehicle to get to work tomorrow. The car was supposed to be fixed by close of business today.  Get this,  the Service  Writer or manager just left for the day and didn't even bother to call to let us know the car would not be done until tomorrow! What BS! Now my wife can't get to work.  If you need Chevrolet service go to another dealer.  This isn't the first time they've dropped the ball on us either.
2	Having first oil change in this little car. Terrible service compare to the Honda and Toyota dealerships I been at.  Employees don't smile, no water for customers on the fridge, no snacks or news paper. Employees using the same restroom customers do.  The waiting area need to make lots of changes to make customers happy.
1	I dropped my car off on Monday, December 16th at 9:30am in the morning for an oil change and to check a power steering.  After not hearing from anyone, I called at 3pm.  Was informed my car had not even been looked at, if they don't get it done in an hour they will provide me with a car.  4:30 received a call that my car had not been done and to come pick up a car.  No other information was given.  When I went to pick up the car (which was way smaller than my Traverse) was informed that if I have a dog in the car it would be $100 fee.  I had to miss my class with my dog of which I pay for, just so I didn't get an additional charge for something that was not my fault.  Not only that was not told to bring my insurance card and when I told the guy that it was in my car he went to get my car and went through my glove box with out my permission! Gave me a very bad feeling about ever leaving my vehicle there again.  This was an inconvenience to me not having my vehicle.  Next morning still after no correspondence from the Service Manager I called and left msg.  Finally got word but was told that it would be over $600 to replace a couple of hoses.  Really? Nope!  Asked if the oil change had been done, NO.  Ok really!  That is the whole reason it was taken in.  Ask for just the oil change to be done and will deal with the other issue.  When SM called to tell me car was finally done ask my cost and was told $75.75!  Questioned it and said it was 19.99 for a tire rotation plus 49.99 for oil change.  Told him didn't authorize the tire rotation just said to do oil change, he did take off the tire rotation but it still cost $54 for an oil change.  This location was very convent for me cause it is very close to work but I will no longer go here.  Had not only a bad experience with car shopping there (which went else where to purchase my car) but I should not feel like I am being taken.
5	I recently had some warranty repair work done on my 2013 Malibu.  The chrome on a couple of the inside door handles were starting to chip.  I brought it into Scott, he ordered the parts and called to schedule an appointment to get it done.  When I arrived he was there and promptly greeted me.  He even arranged for me to use a loaner car because the repairs he said could take most of the day.  He called me about noon to let me know the car was done, and I had told him of another issue I had forgot to mention that morning.  Instead of making me go thru the entire process again and making me come back, he was more than happy to look at it right then.  When I picked the car up at 5:30 all the work was done perfectly and the car was washed and ready to go.  In my opinion Scott went above and beyond for me and I truly appreciate it. All the guys in service are friendly and helpful, also need to Alan who got me into the loaner car.  Alan had me in and out in about 10 minutes and was very friendly.  All in all I give you guys an A+ keep up the hard work!!!
2	came in and asked for a "standard service". I expected an oil/filter change.. etc.. I also had a service-engine light on. The service manger didn't seem very interested, didn't ask me any questions, didn't do a look over of the vehicle, and didn't really seem like he gave a [insert bad word here] about my needs. Thats fine I guess, I figure I am just another customer getting an oil change. When the service was complete, I got a call from the tech and he reminded me that my check-engine light was on. I told him it was because the gas cap was left off and asked him to reset it. He informed me that he would need to "schedule another service" and that my vehicle wouldn't be ready until 5PM that day?? That seems a bit strange to me. I knew why the light was on, and I told him. He said it didn't matter, I would need to schedule a service.. etc.. blah.. blah.. blah.. after this, I took the car to a small mechanic around the corner and he reset for me for 10 bucks.. done. This exemplifies the primary issue with car-dealerships like Freeway today. Consumers today have soooooo much information available to them. We know when our "new" car is really broken because I can ask a mechanic on the web. We know when we are getting swindled because (again), I can ask a mechanic on one of the 10000 forums available to us on the web. I can go to AutoZone and find out why my check-engine light is on. We (the customers) are no longer willing to be (for lack of a better phrase), taken advantage of. We want things done with quality, in a reasonable amount of time, and from a company that wants us there. Services like a nice lobby with "hair-cuts" or "massages" (as with another dealership I won't use) are completely extraneous and unnecessary. Just give me a bottle of water, a comfortable chair and fast internet. I only come to Freeway for oil-changes, and only because it is the least expensive (I purchased my car there). Consumers are becoming more and more savvy every day. In my opinion, dealerships need to recognize this and respond appropriately.
3	I bought my car at Freeway Chevrolet last year and have since been back several times for oil changes. I will say, the buying process wasn't terrible because I used TrueCar and got my car for a good price. My only complaint was they insisted on putting on tinting and nitrogen in the tires and whatnot for like 700$... I didn't want this, but the salesman wouldn't let me buy the car without it, so eventually I gave in. Oh well, it has been fine. As far as service goes, everyone is always friendly, but it usually takes foreverrrrr. I sit in the waiting room for hours. I think, despite the low price, it is worth it for me to pay more and not have to wait for service, so I don't think I'm going to come here any longer. I'd say if you live nearby and bought your car here, it's worth it to come to the service dept, but otherwise, not so much.
5	So, we've been to this service dept. 2 different times, both taken care of by Scott in the service area, and both times have been phenomenal for a dealership.They are professional, courteous, and spot-on with their service. My husband took in his truck for an oil change and I had a different truck for brakes. They were so nice! They were able to drive my husband to work/pick up after, and gave me a rental for the morning, couldn't ask for a better crew. The work was fantastic, and the cashier, and even the rental agent was just awesome. They don't make our trucks anymore (sniffle), and will continue to service these things here at Freeway until they drop! Seriously, have never been to a dealership where their prices were competitive, the people were genuine, and felt good about taking our vehicles there for care. Kudos to you, Scott and crew!
1	While waiting for my Equinox to be serviced I went out to the lot to walk around and see the new vehicles for sale. I was approached by a salesman that got me to look at getting out of my lease early and into a new one. After talking to the salesman, sales manager, and their finance person. the amount of money that I would have to come up with was way more than I was willing to do. I went home and looked at the Chevrolet.com website and did a lease comparison to what I had just been proposed. The numbers were as different as night and day. When I went back to discuss it with the sales manager all I got was excuses for why the numbers were different. If General Motors are going to publish a program on their website. I feel a dealer should be bound by it. The vehicle stock number that I used to calculate the lease online was the vehicle that I was quoted at the dealership. I understand that this is a business and that you need to make money, But a difference of $3500 upfront and $75 a month is pretty substantial on a 39 month lease.  The service department wasn't bad.
2	I have brought my vehicle to Freeway Chevrolet for over 10 years, I've had a couple of really great advisors who I felt that I could trust and that had my best interests in mind.  Unfortunately for me, both of those people are no longer at Freeway.  Since then, I've been disappointed with my experiences with your Service Dept.  I feel like I have to get a second opinion after every visit to make sure that what I'm being told is truthful and accurate. Every time my car is in, I'm told about some new "problem" that will cost several hundred dollars to fix.  After this last visit, it's been twice now in the last 6 months that I've gotten a second opinion on "problems" only to be told by another repair facility that there is no problem.  This is very disappointing and therefore I'm not inclined to bring my vehicle back to Freeway.  I find this disappointing as I've been a loyal customer for many years and now find myself needing to find service elsewhere.
1	TERRIBLE SERVICE! Just left this place after literally no one felt like trying to sell a vehicle. We entered the lobby one person said hi and that was it. While inside we sat inside the vehicle we were interested in played with some gadgets and still no one in sight to come assist us with any questions. There was 1 other customer in the entire place . We stood in front of the glass fishbowl of associates talking to each other but even with us standing looking at them would anyone come out to help us? No. We even walked outside to view the vehicle we were interested in by ourselves outside and yes you guessed it no one came out to assist us . The year vehicle we were interested in was locked on the lot so we headed inside thinking for sure they have now seen us outside and will say something like can I open that vehicle for you or how about are you wanting to test drive?? To which our answer would have been yes and yes but sadly again my husband and I were ignored. We started to laugh seeing we just left a FORD dealership where they instantly came up to us didn't hover but were never too far away and checked in with us and even brought us water since it was a warm day in AZ. We stood there now inside the CHEVY dealership where 2 more associates passed us not saying one word lol! My husband and I could not believe these folks . Is this a joke? Well needless to say Freeway Chevrolet made our decision easy for us we left with again not one person to thank us for coming in. We are now headed back to FORD and will never be returning to this dealership again and I will make sure I tell everyone I know to never purchase from Freeway Chevrolet!
5	Easy in and out service.  I only waited about 45 minutes but they had coffee and a news paper so I was happy.
2	I purchased my car from here and had a great buying experience...BUT every time I come here for my 1/2 price oil change it takes FOREVER!!!  I decided to try to get there right when it opens and here I am 1.5 hours later STILL waiting for my car to come out of the car wash - ridiculous!!!
1	Bad treatment for customers. They don't keep their commitment. I recently purchased a Truck two months ago. I was told that I get lifetime washes for the vehicle. Well  now the GM Mike Cook stops the customers from getting washes . It should have been only on the washes for cars purchased after the date of his rule. The GM Mike Cook is not honoring the customers. Bad business. I suggest not dealing with a fraudulent GM ...  Go to another dealership and not Freeway.   Horrible,horrible.
5	My salesman, James Ramsey was very nice. He was not a sleezeball like most car salesmen but took time to get to know me as a person and pick out the best car. He helped me feel comfortable with my first car purchase. As a young woman, it is easy to feel intimidated but he made sure I felt comfortable with the process the entire time. I love my new car and will recommend my salesman to friends in the future.
1	"You never get a second chance to make a first impression". After two less than desirable experiences with the service department here, I was stupid enough to go here a 3rd time. And my reward for giving them a 3rd chance to make a good impression: overcharged and treated with little or no respect from the service writer. The cashier was really nice as was the porter that went to get my vehicle. But my service advisor "Chris", is a completely different story. I went out of my way to find him and thank him for taking care of my vehicle the same day. His response, something incoherent and he never even looked me in the eye. There is an old saying: if you're going to screw me, kiss me first. To describe the customer service and customer retention policy in one word: Appalling !! Freeway Chevrolet will never get another cent from me and I will make sure everyone I know hears about the experience I had here. As a dedicated Chevy customer for all my life, I have been let down by GM and my image of the company as a whole is soured, maybe even beyond repair.
2	I purchased my 2013 Equinox in November 2012. Took hours and hours and the salesman was obnoxious. After that I swore never to purchase from Freeway Chevrolet.  I am to get free car washes and half price oil changes for life. I took my car in for oil change twice, first time was a 2 hour wait. Oh they don't take appointments. My car was not clean. They left water spots and streaks. Even with the oil change discount I prefer to pay twice as much elsewhere. I am sure GM is happy with that as they will save money. My next vehicle is Nissan. Loved my Nissan truck but thought I would go back and support GM. I was born and raised in Detroit and Dad worked for GM. I tried going back to GM but buying from Earnhardt Nissan was so much easier than this place. I have received text messages from salesman who want me to trade in. Really makes me not like Freeway Chevrolet. Tried that one day when I got my oil change and I told the salesman he has 15 minutes to get a quote. I already have the same car so no need to bring it up for a test drive. What does he do, bring up the car for a test drive. Incompetent!  I walked out then I found out they checked my credit report when I told them not to. Never Again at this place.
1	Let's be honest it's a car dealership so my standards are pretty low. That being said this dealership is high pressure and will not negotiate on their already high prices. I was looking at a used vehicle. The sticker price 20,888. I asked about 18,000 since Kelly bb had the retail listed at 17,678. They said they could make it work in the payment. The payment?  I could care less about the payment it's the total amount you finance that matters.  You're not making anything work in the payment you're just charging me more in finance charges and extending the loan period. Plus I already have financing through my bank. So I walked away. On my way out all of a sudden they remembered they had an internet price of 18,888. Really?  I was born at night just not last night. At this point I was frustrated so I just said you're over by 888.00 dollars maybe you can find some other price as I leave. Later on I found yet another price for the same vehicle on CL at 19,888. What this tell me is that they have various levels of douchebaggery happening at the same time. Like I said my standards for car dealerships are not high but this was ridiculous. I gave one star because I couldn't give none. Now the happy ending. I left and went to carmax purchased a vehicle four years newer with 30,000 less miles and more features. Get this for the same internet price they all of a sudden remembered. I can't speak to the service department which in my experience is the best bunch of guys and gals in any dealership. Just the sales side of the house.  Beware and come in guns blazing. Don't take any crap and walk away at the first game they run on you.
1	Well let's start when I bought the car. They forced me into the Cruze. They promised me if I bought a new car they could give me more for my Dakota. They gave 20% of what my truck was worth. They give you the 1/2 oil changes. So you are actually paying the same as you would of you went to pep boys for the same service. I brought my girl in with me to glance at the Equinox and get the oil changed. We arrived at 10:30 at 12:00 they finally moved the car into the shop. After I had to chase down my "advisor". Everybody else was very rude. I asked numerous people in the shop area about how long they were gonna be since I have seem numerous cars come and go after I arrived. The seating in the waiting room was minimal. So we had to sit out in the shop. By the time they finally came through with my car it almost 1:00, so 2 1/2 hours to change oil and rotate tires. I used to do it myself in my dad's garage with a jack and 2 jack stands in less then 45 minutes. Change oil and rotate tires. It took a little longer cause I was using a 4 way wrench. I reported it to the live chat line on the web page and was told they would get back to me very soon. I received the bill and it said I denied service and denied an air filter change. I was never notified of this needing to be done until I went through the bill.
1	Have you ever woken up and said to yourself "I am in a great mood but i really would like to turn that around in a hurry."?  If so, go to Freeway Chevrolet.  They have the ability to turn even the happiest customers into infuriated individuals.  I recently had this experience while trying to purchase a new truck.  Once we sat down to discuss pricing I was told I had "no legs to stand on" and "my ideas on pricing were impossible."  After a few minutes of insulting sales tactics I produced their own internet's pricing as well as a quote from another dealership and their tune changed.  I promptly walked out and I am glad I did.  If you feel the need to be insulted, head on down to Freeway.  I promise they wont disappoint on that end.
1	Horrible and liars.  I asked them to not run my credit and wouldn't sign a info sheet. A few days later I checked my credit and their was a hard inquiry from them. We will spread the word about their dishonest practices and of course never buy from them.
4	I made an appointment online for noon and arrived a few minutes late.  No problem they got my car right in and did exactly what I asked for.  waited 45 minutes for an oil change and a car wash in a very comfortable waiting area.  The only complaint I had was they moved my seat so far forward that I could not get in and all of my mirrors were moved.  Not a big deal but why move anything just for an oil change....
5	Always outstanding treatment by all of the staff. I'm a repeat customer and will continue to shop at Freeway in the future. I purchased a new 2007 Avalanche there and just bought a new Silverado 1500.  Great sales staff and the service is always top notch.
1	Update: 4 Months later. Shortly after my review a response was posted asking me to contact them. I am not one to chase people down and my work day is incredibly busy. However, I made a couple of attempts to contact him over the first week, but he was always "out" or "unavailable". So I put my concerns in an email and sent that to him. I resent that same email 6 more times over the past 4 months, even as recently as 1 week ago. Still no response.Last Thursday I filed a complaint against this dealership for it's poor customer service and lack of any response to my complaint against them. GM told me I would receive a response from one of their customer experience managers in 24 to 48 hours. No response after 7 days,8:30 this morning. I got a call from Lonny. He told me he was contacted by GM and that he understood I needed to schedule service because I had an airbag light on and something with my brakes. His exact words. I told him if that was what he got from my complaint, then he needs to start over and I hung up the phone. I was insulted. After all this time someone actually thought I filed a complaint with GM because I needed to schedule service. There is a serious communication breakdown here and Lonny had no clue at that point who I was or that I had contacted him so many times previously or more importantly he never addressed my complaint from May!I called GM right after that and gave them a piece of my mind. They are supposedly straightening this out and my complaint should be addressed. After all the time that has passed, you would think that at least one person that I have contacted would care. GM continually apologized and told me they would address my complaint in less than 48 hours and they failed too.I have a right to have my vehicle serviced at the most convenient location to me. I deserve to be treated fairly, with respect and I expect and deserve to pay a fair price. Freeway and GM have failed me in all aspects in this area.I am in the valley working on a project and while I am out of my hometown, I deserve the same HIGH quality of service that I get at my local Chevy dealership. I would even settle for mediocre, but I will not be disrespected anywhere. I am still going to be here for a while and I need maintenance service now and I will need it again in the future. Freeway has put me in a position where it suites me best to find someone else to service my vehicle and I will have to suffer the ramifications for that.
1	Long story short...I have been taking my Avalanche to Freeway since I bought it from them in 2003.  Things started feeling fishy when I was told I needed new brakes.  I got a second opinion at a brake shop and they told me my brakes were just fine (they actually lasted another year)!  Just took my truck in and was given a $3400 estimate for repairs!  Ouch!  Took it to an reputable mechanic and was charged $934 for THE SAME WORK!  Freeway Chevrolet has lost a previously very loyal customer and I will make SURE everyone I know knows about how they conduct business!  Oh...the staff IS very friendly...if they are successfully fleecing their customers like they tried to me...they can afford to be!
1	Lonnie,  I understand why you must charge more.  I really do.  What angers me is suggesting repairs I don't even need!  This is the second time this has been done.  The first time was to replace brakes that I thought were fine.  I took my truck to a brake shop and they said there was absolutely NOTHING wrong with my brakes.  It was a YEAR later that they needed replacement!  This time it was for a multitude of front-end work that didn't need to be done.  I would much rather give my business to a shop that wants my repeat business through honest means, than by adding repairs that "could" be done, but don't "need" to be done.John
1	Liars and the worse car buying experience I ever had! I bought a chevy Cruze from there, and Sold by James . before they said $23,000, I not agree with this price, then they give us about $22,000. We said no! I said $16,000 out door if yes I will buy it right now. Much later James came back said what about add other $348? So $16,348 are you gonna buy today? I said yes! Finally he came back with this price said okay! Well, so paid $7,000 down. So we went to financial department to sign in, and I asked again is that $16,348 was my total? The guy named Tracy, he said yes, and he didn't  explain to us anything. Month later we received my payment still $16,348 left. We called bank, and bank told us that's the after $7,000 down price! We are so mad! Then we went to dealer again, all I got answer is you signed already, there's nothing I can do! Anyway, You guys are suck and dirty! Is that how you guys make money from your customer? Play trick?
1	A dealer ' s release of wrong information is labelled as a fraud to cheat the consumers!
1	So I recently bought a brand new 2014 Chevy Spark from this dealership and was told all kinds of lies from the salesman. The one thing I'm ticked off most about is that this is a brand new car and the port for an aux cable is fake, I pointed it out to the salesman and he said oh it has Bluetooth so you can hook up your music that way. I get home and find out it doesn't have Bluetooth either. So I call parts and see if they have the parts to install the aux port since my stereo recognizes that it can be hooked up and they say it'll take 7 days which I'm fine with and then they send me over to service to see how much to install. Talk to service and they start saying well we can install it but it's probably not going to work. Ok? So if I spend over 100 bucks to have this thing done and it doesn't work what then? Well we can't return the part after installed basically I'm out my 100 bucks and still no aux port. Then he says it's not gonna work cause it's not programmed well wtf there's a fake port where the aux should be and there's an aux button on my stereo and when I push it it says no aux device connected. They are just ridiculous. First lies about the car and then the service people don't know how to install something and make it work? Really? Totally disgusted.
1	I tried again.. I went there thinking things had changed.. but, alas, they hadn't. I went to the parts counter and asked for some parts pricing (OEM parts). I was given the price and, when I asked for the part numbers, I was told "that information is proprietary". WHAT?? OEM part numbers are proprietary? Thats funny because the parts I needed, I found online (including the GM parts number). I just don't get it. I understand that dealers need to make money on parts, but not giving out the part numbers in order to "trap" your customers? CMON!. By the way, the prices they quoted me were 2 times the price of what I found online, and the labor (number of hours) they wanted to use to "fix" my car was 3 times what a separate, independent shop quoted me. They really just don't care about customers after you purchase a car. Its too bad because some dealers do.
1	Lol this place sucks balls, some broad sent me an email on Saturday when I was at he bar down the street, the email said, "come test drive a car and get a free $50 dollar gas card."  Who am I to not like free gas?  I swerve my way over to Freeway Chevy, get in in the flagship Diesel crew cab and proceed to hammer down on this bad boy around the shopping center next to it.  I get back in and the guy wants to talk numbers, I say lets talk $50 dollar gas card.  He gets up and then brings back the heffer that sent me that email to begin with, she says "so you're not looking to buy?" I reply with "hell no.  I want my free gas card for wasting my time on this test drive like your email implies."  She gets pissed, storms off, mumbling something like they will mail it to me lol.  Thanks for letting me spin the tires in that $60K truck porkchop, you better have gotton my mailing address right or Ill be back in to test drive the new Vette and do some doughnuts on your lawn.
