5	One of my favorite Italian restaurants in Vegas. I've gone to Tuscany Grill for years... even since they were at their original location on Sunset. The food is really good, but the service is what makes them exceptional. Lou, the owner, is the nicest guy and gives the place a real family feel. The waiters are really friendly and provide great service.The atmosphere makes it great for a date or family dinner, but if you are into sports there is a nice sports bar with video poker.
5	Awesome restaurant the food is great! Not only do they have good Italian food they also have very very good seafoods and steaks. I would recommend this place to anyone. They have a huge menu and a variety of different foods.
5	Italian food is my favorite kind of food, so needless to say, I've got to a ton of restaurants over the years. But through it all, in the Vegas Valley, none of them top Tuscany Grill. I've been going here for years, and I'll likely never stop going if they keep it up like this.The food here is top notch. The chefs make the finest Italian cuisine available in the valley. I don't think I've honestly had a dish here I didn't enjoy. The staff/chefs/etc. also don't seem to have a problem taking simple requests (for instance, they have tortellini pasta in a spicy pascara sauce, but they had no problem whipping up a batch for me with alfredo sauce instead.)The atmosphere is as solid as the food. It has the appearance of a high-class restaurant, but is still welcoming for guests of all ages and walks of life. All of the servers/chefs/etc. are great people and treat you well. Even if straight-up dining isn't what you're looking for, the restaurant does have a bar section with numerous sporting events on the television sets. I notice on some other review sites, the restaurant has come under fire for what are supposedly "high prices." This is a nice restaurant, not a loud, raucous atmosphere where you come with friends for cheap food. You will pay a pretty penny, but I assure that A) The food you have here will be some of the best Italian food you have ever eaten, and B) There are other far more expensive Italian restaurants around town, and their items aren't nearly this good.You get what you pay for. Period. And perhaps nowhere is that better reflected here.If I have one complaint about the restaurant, it is the somewhat inconsistent, hit-and-miss soup selection. Every night the restaurant has its pasta fagioli and a "soup of the day." The fagioli isn't terrible, but is nothing worth writing home about, and I really wish they had chosen something better as the "everyday soup." The soups of the day are sometimes excellent, but other times are not the sort of thing your typical diner will enjoy. I really wish the restaurant had a set schedule for what soup would be had on what night.All in all though, the good by far outweighs the bad. This is a restaurant that deserve the full 5 stars - and this reviewer's highest recommendation.Food: AService: AAtmosphere: A
1	Went here once, had some kind of chicken that I think was frozen, not fresh. The sauce tasted like something out of a can I think, it was definitely not home made. Will not return...
5	Consistently good food and service. Try the chicken special on Thur. This should be on the menu every night
2	Yes the food is good. But the service?  Depends on who you get...Sheryl and Rhonda are great but the men???  The young guys are pretty good but the older men should really take some classes. We took 2 business associates out for dinner. The first bottle of wine was good except the waiter  forgot to give me some wine after I did the tasting. When the second bottle came he brought 1 new glass, let me taste out of the new glass then proceeded to refill everyone else's glass even though it still had wine in it!  Come on...for the price of the food you would think the waiters would at least know how to pour wine correctly!!!  The older men including the host (at least the night we were there) did not have a very professional attitude...when we arrived ahead of our guests and told the host this, he said, "well, do you wanna sit down?".  Hmmm, I think the next time we will take our money to a more professional place.
4	I  Likey!!!Parking - Vegas, come on,  you park in front of course!Wait - Friday night at 6:00 pm with no reservations - No problem and quickly seated. Unfortunately next to the loud real estate guy and his entourage of loud assistants.Service - Samantha was fantastic.  The folks serving were great.  Maitre'd was awesome. Overall, a nice and casual experience.Food - Had the Filet.  As good as anywhere. Wifey had the roast beef. I normally stay away from this and I really liked it as well!Price - Reasonable.  Three drinks, dinner under 100.00 for high quality food.My stomach says - Dudes and Dudettes, what are you waiting for. No worry about the suburban-esque features of this restaurant!  it is a great place and I'll be back!
5	Tuscany Grill is par excellent!  There are many many choices - good old linguini and lasagna, which are both fantastic, but do try the eggplant-it's to die for!
4	One word: Scalone.I had the scallop/abalone dish they call Scalone. I wasn't sure what to think when it came out; I think I was expecting to see small slices of the two tender shellfish arranged on the plate. What I was served were croquets, in a fashion, of the pounded abalone with scallop meat layered on top, served in three sizable yet thin filets put together with a light breading then sauteed in a rich (but not heavy) lemon butter sauce. Really delicious. The toasted almond garnish gave it a smoky, nutty depth that really pulled it together.My dining companions had the baked ziti and the eggplant parmesan. Rave reviews, fresh ingredients, and generous portions made my friends very happy. I tasted some of the sauce and found it to be well seasoned with just a hint of spicy tanginess. Very nice. I also loved the texture; the inclusion of tomato and herbs without totally pulverizing them is a big plus.Also a plus were the crisp, fresh salads, robust cheeses, and lots of cracked black pepper.And, of course, we enjoyed selections off a very respectable wine list. The service was a tad slow and they were not busy, so there's a bit of a ding there. However, it was still a fantastic meal that I am looking forward to repeating.
2	Have driven by this place every day for years and thought I'd give it a try...  Sat at the bar and had a glass of wine and ordered the Chicken Parm.  Sadly, it was just 'ok'.  TV dinner quality.  Don't think I'll be back.  There are MUCH better Italian restaurants within a mile of this place.
4	Great neighborhood restaurant. Great Italian food and great/friendly service from every staff member. We shared a couple dishes that were great: Pesto pasta, a chicken dish, pasta & clams - all hit the spot - great value. Stopping in for dinner with a person, couple or group works or you can stop in the bar where they make generous drink and have 5 TV's to watch games.
5	The service was excellent!  Our water glasses were never more than half empty, our food was brought out quickly and empty dishes were quickly cleared.  Our waitress was VERY friendly and welcoming and we were checked on often (but not too much to be annoying).  The food was wonderful with a good menu selection.  Overall, a great experience!
4	Great food, including the bread.  A little dark inside but some might call that romantic!  Service can be slow at times, but otherwise a nice place.
5	Authentic Italian food that you will end up craving again hours later. Friendly bar that gives you that Cheers "where everyone knows your name" type feeling. Try the Chicken Angelo
3	Courtesy of AT&T and or Blackberry, my frozen phone would not allow me to photograph my meal at Tuscany Grill.. Oh well, words will just have to do..After reading fantastic reviews about Tuscany Grill and since I live in the area, a decision to give this place a whirl was made. The set up is your standard, bar on one side, restaurant on the other with a host-stand in between.  The lighting is dim and combined with an option for a booth this could be a great place to take a date.Perhaps I have not dined here repeatedly to receive that "Cheers" type greeting I've heard so much about, but all in all the service was slightly above Vegas's standard, mediocre.  A few cheesy jokes warmed up our waiter and it was smooth sailing the rest of our meal.Cocktails were strong, bread was warm, mozzarella and tomatoes were fresh, and my chicken picatta was delightful.  Would I categorize this meal as award winning, not really but would I eat here again, sure if my first two picks happened to be crowded. I just felt that for the price, just about $20 per entree (non-meats/seafood), you could get a very similar dish down the street (Black Mtn. Grill or Gaetanos) for less.  Price isn't everything, I know, but if service isn't above average and the ambiance is about the same, why pay more?
2	Just ok...thought the food could have been better based on the reviews!
3	Yelp thank you for introducing me to this place. I wasn't sure what to expect from this place but looks like this is the food trend on Eastern. Similar to Black Mountain Grill but focuses more on Italian food. Honestly, I feel that the price you pay to eat at Tuscany, the decor could be much better. I felt like I was in a Village Pub instead of some pricey Italian restaurant/bar or whatever you call it.  Fresh bread. Check. Fresh salad. Check. Yes the prime rib was tender and almost melted in my mouth but my issue with it was that I'm not a fan of the au jus being poured all over the meat. I like to taste the meat before I dunk it in au jus sauce. Note to self, order au jus on side. But don't let me discourage you from ordering it, it was still A-Ok in my book.Thanks for the experience Tuscany, and thank you for my complimentary Stella glass. Would I visit again? Maybe but for the price tag for what it is, rather go elsewhere or drive to Ellis Island for their prime rib.
5	I have been to Tuscany 100 times over the last 10+ years and I love it.  The service is always really good, the food is great, and I like the kick back atmosphere!  I usually get the Chicken Parm or the Tortellini Pascara depending on my mood and both are always great.  Go on a Friday night when they have creamed spinach for the veggie of the day.  It is the best creamed spinach I've had anywhere!
5	Best pasta fugoli ever!!! This place is a Las Vegas iconic landmark. Sherry is the best person and waitress you will ever meet. Please try this place out you will be glad you did.
1	Never go here! It was bland & flavorless. Not only was the entree bad the salad was even worse! A couple pieces of sad lettuce & a slice of tomato. I've never in my life returned an entree cause I did not like it, but in this case I ordered Linguine and clams in a white sauce. It was bad, so bad. It had no flavor, the sauce was just pasta water and the clams totally came out of a can. My husband's lasagna might has well been tomato soup with some noodles. Don't waste your time and money. That's an hour of my life I wish I could get back.
4	I love this place . I always order their pasta fagiole . Excellent customer service!
1	We had a drink at the bar before dinner and played a little video poker.  When I ordered a second drink the bartender informed me, in an extremely non-friendly manner, that I was not spending enough to get a free drink.  Um, I wasn't looking for anything for FREE.  That ruined my whole experience.  There are literally hundreds of other places to go with better service.
3	This restaurant is an elderly mecca!!!  I mean, I love me some 55+, but, is this the official restaurant of Sun CIty Anthem? I'm pretty sure the crowd was older than Marie Calendars'.  That's saying something.Anyway, moving on...The food was actually pretty good.  I was really surprised.  I'd anticipated hating this spot considering it' pretty much just a sports bar.I ordered the scallop special ($25) which came with 4 scallops, creamed spinach (other options were penne with marinara or baked potato), and a wedge salad.  The scallops were perfect and were covered in a great mushroom cream sauce. The creamed spinach was okay, (what's not to love about cheesy, creamy spinach??) but a little bland.  The wedge, also, a little boring, lacking bacon and blue cheese crumbles.Others ordered the chicken piccata and I was a little shocked at the small portions.  For $19.95, they received tiny, tiny medallions of chicken.  It was definitely not worth the Strip prices despite the great taste.Overall, good food but way too expensive for the portion size and atmosphere.  It's a sports bar for the elderly, but with fancier food.  You can find better Italian in Henderson for less.
2	Stopped in on a Friday. It was early evening and the bar had only 3 other patrons. My boyfriend and I decided to sit at the bar and order some appetizers. We each put $20 in a machine. The bartender was putting away clean glasses. After 10 minutes she asked if we wanted a drink. She made the drinks and went over to the other side of the bar so quickly, I couldn't ask for menus.  She started talking to one patron and 20 minutes later we still had no menus, or any attention.  Just as I was ready to get up and walk around to her, she walked by.  I had to yell we would like menus.  She said I'll send the waitress and took off.  We each put another $20 in the machines. No refill of our drinks. The waitress was prompt, and greeted us with a huge smile. We ordered 2 appetizers to start.  The busboy was prompt and polite bringing our set ups and bar trays. Still no attention from the bartender. Food came and was wonderful. We had shrimp scampi and meatballs. Halfway through the food we finally got asked if we would like refills.  Waitress was great, food was great.  Female bartender the worst we have ever experienced. We were going to order more and stay longer.  We settled our tab and left. The bartender just kept talking to one lady. She would check on 1 other male patron. We did not exist in her world. One other gentleman came in and waited about 10 minutes for a drink. We left and went to another establishment to finish our evening. We will not be back!
5	Outstanding food, prime rib was the best ever. Buttery and melted in my mouth.Spinach soup was excellent as well as the creamed spinach. Waiter staff on top of everything without being over bearing.
5	Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.Tuscany is cozy, and has the best prime rib in town.  Make sure you get it blackened!  Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.
5	Great Service all the time - ask for Sherry - she is the best.  Food is always good.  Soup is to die for.  Everything comes out hot and taste great.  Great hold in the wall.  Try it you would be sorry.
5	amazing italian food and great service. I can't wait to go back.
3	Very average Italian family restaurant in Las Vegas area.  If you have kids, it is reasonably priced,and definitely caters to families.  Nothing fancy on the inside, but good food at reasonable prices.Waiter was not the most best we have ever heard.  There were long periods where we never saw him.  Drinks stayed empty for a good 10 minutes before he came with an offer to refill.
4	Went back and visited this restaurant again. Sometimes the second visit is not as good as the first. This visit was BETTER!The food is served by a great staff, the presentation is amazing.  The food was delicious. The "Sunday Gravy" is amazing. As a New York Italian who had grandma's sauce on Sundays , this meal brought back fond memories!!  You have to vist this place.
5	There new Monday prime rib special is unbeatable.  I stopped going for awhile and use to get the king size  blackened prime rib.  The meat quality was just ok. But I have gone the last two Monday and the quality is back to melt in your mouth meat. Very tender and the owner is very friendly and commitment to providing great service and a great meal. My favorite is the prime rib but I also really enjoy there fish entrees as well. I wish they would still be open for lunch though. Definitely a regular place to go that doesn't disappoint.
1	This place is very outdated and overpriced for the quality of food. It smells like an old blueberry hill or some sort of old buffet chain. I should smell food, not how old the building is. Its geared torwards the elderly, or so I assume. Everyone that works there is old except a few. Most of the guests were older as well.  Not a young soul as far as I could tell. Its contradictory too, is it a sports bar or a nice italian restaurant? You can't have both,  its just weird. Now the food and service... The bread is simply store bought bland loaf but it's free so whatever. Still kind of looks bad. Through our entire meal the server kept asking if we wanted more bread. We kept saying no. Even after our meals she asked for the 6th time. No means no!! Stop pushing it. The salads were nothing special. Bland and swimming in dressing. Appetizer was the artichoke hearts which definitely came from a can. They were sooooo soggy and tasteless. I ordered a pasta in creamy tomato sauce. It was good but nothing spectacular. It was $12 so no complaints. My husband got the filet mignon medium with spinach on the side.  His filet was super rare and unseasoned.  Tasted like a roast. Not good.  And the spinach was disgusting! We both spit it out. It seriously tasted like I licked a horse. Yes a horse. Sooooo bad. I usually order dessert but I just couldn't. I wanted to leave. $60 for a bad experience. Olive garden is way better in my opinion.
5	I have to say this is my favorite place to take my family!  The owners are hands on and you can see the passion and dedication to their business!  I see some bad reviews from kids that probably never went to a restaurant like this growing up, and too bad! Go back to Applebee's kids!! This is the type of place you should support!!  Firefly?? Go back quickly, sorry they closed!' By the way I am in the business and realize what hard work it takes to make everyone happy and your input which really is nice, means nothing if you base it in ages of customers.  Great food great service!  Lou and Donna, god bless you are the real deal!
2	We have not been here for a long time and decided to try it for my son in laws birthday as a personal friend of mine said he personally knew the owners really well.  I called and made a reservation and the table was ready for us when we arrived.  Our reservation was for 8 people but only 6 showed which I think threw the waiter off at the beginning.  We were seated and sat for some time before someone came and offered us drinks.  My wife does not like regular water and ordered two large bottles of water.   Now they charge almost $5 per bottle, the busboy filled all the glasses brought bread and then we sat and waited and waited and waited and waited.  Finally I had to flag down a busboy and ask him to let our waiter know the other 2 were not coming and we were ready to order.  He said he would take care of it, removed 2 menus from the table and proceeded to take the rest of the stuff from those 2 seats.  He picked up one glass he had just filled up earlier and turned it over dumping all the water in the full glass all over the table.  He felt bad and I don't understand how he could not see or feel the glass full, but he never offered to replace the water from the bottle we were being charged for.Finally the waiter came over and took our order, someone brought out the salads and soup, we asked for more bread, he said ok and it never came.  Just as we were done with this course the guy who dumped the water all over the table came by and asked if we wanted more bread, took two baskets and came back with one.The food was good, some portions matched the price and some did not.  I had the prime rib which was $30, it was 18oz's and pretty good however the vegetables we a very small portion.  My daughter ordered a chicken dish for $20 and it was not worth the price and the amount of pasta they gave her, really???  Pasta is a cheap food and for the amount of chicken they gave her, there should have been more.Overall the service was not that great.  I watched other tables getting more attention then ours which was a little frustrating since for the price you pay, everyone should receive the best service.  Above and beyond that, for someone personally knowing the owners, I would think they would try a little harder to give a better impression.  Then dessert time, everyone ordered dessert except me, I got coffee..my wife ordered coffee and dessert and it never came.For 6 people our bill came to over $220 which for the food which was ok, portions could have been better, the service could have been way better, the water we paid for which was dumped on the table by the staff not us, should have been offered to have been replaced, I must say, I can find better quality food in this town off the strip for less money with better service.  We probably will not go back to this place again as the value should have been better and when I am paying for water, if you spill it, you should replace it or not charge me for it.  Overall, I was disappointed.
5	I could never in a million years find the appropriate words to describe Tuscany.  I love the owners, the staff and the food is overwhelmingly divine.  A wonderful dining experience all around.
5	I love Tuscany grill! It is defiantly a family favorite we attend Tuscany for birthdays and celebrations. We love the food and staff. I recommend Tuscany grill to others!
4	A little old school flair in one of the fastest growing communities in the country, Tuscany is a throwback to when dining out was truly special...fancy table cloths, dimly lit dining room...a special feeling...a real "date night" joint.We go every time we are in town, as the food is very good and it is a place we all know everyone likes and that won't destroy the bank.In the past, I had gotten the linguine with white clam sauce, as it is an Italian joint fave and something I was sure they did well...i have also gotten the Francaise and the sausage and pepper pasta, both were delicious.  This time, however, I went with the linguine and red clam sauce...and it was good!  Just like all of my east coast Italian memories.Syd is crazy for the pasta fagiole, LeeAnn loves the chicken Marsala, my in-laws love the baked penne, though Bob can be convinced to eat the steak.All in all, it is a nice dining experience...every time.
4	The best veal parmigian in Vegas!!! Trout is to die for!!! Bananas foster a must!!!Wait staff is always so attentive...our favorite is John.  Almost a weekly spot for us!
4	Very solid 4+ stars. Great chicken angelo and veal franchise, they are excellent. Highly recommend these entrees. Gets busy, specially weekends and after 7sh. Split the tiramisu with my husband and their specialty coffee is delish!!!!
5	I've been here several times and it has always been amazing! Great food and even better service!  Took a date there last night and like usual the food and service were fantastic! I had the linguini w clam sauce(red) and my date had the Chicken cacciatore both dish left an empty plate! The house wine was also amazing! If your going out for Italian this place is a must!Oh yeah the late night dinner atmosphere  feels like your in an episode of the Sopranos. This place has it all!!!
5	Had a wonderful dinner here tonight.  We both had a glass of wine. $7/glass that was fantastic! My bf had the Prime Rib special which had an awesome shrimp cocktail, soup or salad, prime rib & side AND cheesecake for $20! I had blackened salmon with lemon butter sauce (my favorite thing here). I'd definitely go back and highly recommend it. Service was stellar as well. The entire restaurant and restroom were very clean.  I'll definitely be back.... a lot!
