4	I happened to be out of my Mac lip-conditioner and walked by this place. I had to go in as I'm a big Mac cosmetic nut!Besides picking up what I was there for, I was interested in stocking up for my summer makeup collection. The two ladies working there were really friendly and helpful. I'm not used to seeing cheerful and happy workers at Mac, but here I had such a warm and comfortable experience. I also love how I was given time and space to browse without feeling pressured into purchasing the products.The cosmetics were really tidy and organized and the place was not crowded with people. I love how the huge windows of the place brought in a lot of natural light to help see the true colors of the cosmetics. Some Mac places have high-beam bright lights just wash you right out and the makeup just looks funny when you test it on yourself.Overall, I highly recommend anyone who loves Mac cosmetics to this location!
4	After having been to the St-Denis MAC store, I don't understand how anyone could endure the free standing counters..First let's mention that this is a PRO store, meaning that they have a wider selection and offer products otherwise unavailable to your local MAC counter.Unfortunately, some of my favorite employees do not work there anymore, but the staff is generally really courteous and will either leave you be or transform into personal shopping assistants depending on your needs. The employees are usually generous with samples, sometimes offering them without me asking! More than a year ago I was looking for a very specific product, when asked, the guy just opened one of the many drawers and lined all the products in a row for me to see: "Check every single one of them, they can vary in color!". Needless to say I was won over.Just a note: the brand increases their prices twice a year, there is nothing the staff can do about it. And if you have ever been to a MAC store, you might have noticed that their employees favor really heavy, bordering on LOUD makeup. Before throwing expletives at the ladies and dismissing their expertise hear this: they are contractually obliged to get caked up so they can show (and eventually sell) as many products as they can.. I'll be the first to admit it can get really distracting, especially since the store has these unforgiving neon lights..
5	Been a MAC customer since the first store  first opened on Boul. St. Laurent , and always keep coming back, wheter here, Og's or at The Bay. I'm about to run out of one of my fave shadows, so I came here to find a replacement match. They have TONS of shades in shadows, lipsticks, eye & lip pencils, and face make-up. At this location, they can even custom blend & mix any shade you're looking for. The cosmetics are well displayed, testers easy to access, and the staff always knowledgable and happy to help or leave you to browse and try. There is a "bring back your empties" program: bring back 6 empty make-up or facial  product containers, mascaras, nail polish bottles, or perfumes bottles, and get a lipstick or eyeshadow free. Empties must all be MAC of course, products are NOT tested on animals.
4	Mac :) I can't express how much I love this store. Theres nothing really to tell except this palce is another make up heaven. What I did want to add is the places staff review. Some of the people here are really nice and some just (I-dont-know-what-to tell-you-im-so-disappointed-myself-type. Anyway theres a sweet guy who works here. Theres only one so you wont miss him. My husband tried to surpirse me on our anniversary so instead of buying me a gift card he took the time to go to the store himself and pick out a few stuff. Mind you he fallls in the category of men who doesnt understand the diffrence between a mascara and an eyeliner but he tries. Apparently the guy there was really suggestive and helped him on the right track to buy me a couple of nice gifts. I was ecstatic and really surprised he was able to pull through and of course thanks to the sales rep. Oh plus I went in the day after to return a few stuff since I had plenty of them, and they took care of it without a jiffy. So all in all make sure you get helped from the right person because it'll just make your experience here even more nicer :)
5	I love makeup.The end.
