4	Great breakfast spot! Fast and delicious!
3	There's not much else open between 5 and 6 A.M. besides Denny's, IHOP and the 24 hour fast food outlets, but even so, Art's is gaining in my estimation with every visit.  The servings are radically generous and filling.  Forget your dinky little silver dollar pancakes and 8 oz coffee mug, you could see these pancakes from space, and the coffee mug is large enough to do laps in.  Everything I have had at Art's has been good and of good quantity, if nothing particularly  outstanding.  I have had better than the ham, swiss & mushroom omelet,  but it may have suffered from lack of attention due to time spent trying to photograph my  %$@# food (You've done this to me, Yelp).  The generous 4 moderately thick slices of bacon quite the taste-bud gasm I was anticipating from their mouth-wateringly appealing look or smell, and I'm not much on Cajun toast, but overall it's still a good down home diner breakfast that fills you up, makes you feel good to start your day - and gives a good value for your dining dollar.  The food is "A-OK" but I'm mostly a fan of Art's  because of: 1. Service and friendliness of the morning waitress who says "Good morning" as you enter, calls everyone "Hon" or similar, as every good diner waitress should do, and who checks on the status of your coffee cup and satisfaction regularly throughout your meal.  Service is fast out of the kitchen too.2. That extra effort:  I asked our capable morning hostess/server/ cashier if she would convey my request for addition of grits to the menu, as to a Southerner there's no such thing as a proper diner (or breakfast) without grits - or at least the prospect thereof in the offerings.  I ended up coming in at the same ungodly hour the very next morning and was greeted with:  "Would you like grits?"  And lo, there were grits. In one day.  And done well.  There should be music.  Side note: To get to the restroom, you exit the dining area and follow the walk around to the back.  There's a single restroom, with one toilet and sink, as well as a second door which leads to the kitchen. The toilet, counter, sink and floor were all clean  There was no trash on the floor, and it was well-stocked with paper towels, TP, and hand soap.  And you know you're in a working folk's diner when there's a big orange jug of GoJo on the counter across from the lavender hand soap.   Meanwhile, I look forward to getting back to Art's to try out all those comfort food daily specials on the lunch menu, the meatloaf, the pork chop sandwich, the apple pie, and more, and to adding that 4th star!
5	Great breakfast/lunch place. The egg salad sandwich is the best I have had since grandma's
4	what an amazing diner, all the comfort food, priced right, fast friendly service, clean restroom, I'll be back again and again!
5	Love this place! Greatest fish we've found in Phoenix. We come twice a week for great food and wonderful service. Dotty is such a sweetheart. This had become our regular spot and I definitely recommend it.
