5	This is one of the best breakfast places in Pittsburgh -  besides any other Pamela's locations and Deluca's in the strip.  Anyone that is still going to the smiley place for rubberfied eggs served alongside dried out potatoes is missing the boat.  The lyonnaise potatoes are perfection, the spinach and feta omelet is something I always order and the pancakes are to die for.
5	Love those crepe style pancakes!  Never had ones like them and I really enjoyed them.  It can be very busy on the weekends but if you aren't in a hurry I think it is worth the wait.  The strawberry hotcakes are my favorite.  They have fresh strawberries, bown sugar, and sour cream in them.  SO GOOD.  The waitstaff is probably one of the highlights.  We take our daughters there and the waitstaff is wonderful with them (dancing in the isles to entertain them!).  This will be my go-to brunch place.
2	Another Pamela's.  Type of place you love or it is just OK.  Had a group in for the Holiday's and though this would be good place to go.  I know Obama likes the pancakes which are thinner and like crepes, so I tried them.  Not my cup of tea.  But my cup of tea was good.   Also, tried a vegetable omelet, and veggies were still cool.  The Lyonnaise potatoes are good.  Place was crowded and had a line waiting for tables, then service was slow and had trouble getting the check.  Decor is art deco 1960 combination.
5	There is no better place for breakfast to me than Pamela's. I love pancakes, and while I'm not a fan of their regular pancakes their strwaberry and brown sugar filled pancakes are out of this world good. Yep, it's usually crowded... but that's not because they're just "ok" - it's because it's worth the wait.
4	The hotcakes here are crepe style, and are served rolled up with any fruit and toppings in the middle with a dollop of sour cream on top.  My wife had the strawberry pancakes and loved them - the hotcakes had a great buttery crunch to the edges.  I had the texas french toast, which was batter-dipped buttery goodness incarnate.All the portions were ample for the price, no one went away hungry.The only downside was parking.  The lot is minscule, and on-street parking was a minor pain, but not unexpected for a Saturday brunch (11am).  The other downside was that during said saturday brunch rush, the close-packed tables can be loud when the place is full of people.
5	I used to go here after work almost every Sunday morning on the recommendation of one of my coworkers.  Man I love that girl for introducing me to this place!!!  I don't even like pancakes and I had theirs almost every week.  SO GOOD!!  The lightness, the crunchy, the yummy.  Also, best limeade I've ever had.  And I hate when reviews say that.  But OMG yes!  Lyonnaise potatoes?  YES PLEASE!!  I want to go back to Pittsburgh just to eat here daily during my visit. Yummmm.
5	I was in Pittsburgh and was looking for a brunch place.. since I love brunch.  I came to Pamela's a while back because of some word of mouth from some locals.  I was told that Obama was here, his only regret was never going to Pamela's.  Hearing that, I had to come.I ordered the strawberry hotcakes and their famous lyonnaise potatoes.  I was surprised by the hotcakes.  These were crepe-style and included sour cream.  I've never had sour cream sound so good for breakfast.  I always associated sour cream with mexican food.  No longer!These hotcakes were beyond delicious.Then came the lyonnaise potatoes.  These were to die for as well.  They were crispy and soft the way potatoes in the morning should be.  I was in guilty forbidden foods heaven.  The only regret was that I couldn't share this food with my loved ones, as they were back home in California.  I took plenty of pictures just so I could share.  The ambiance was great too.  It had a very retro feel with 50s decorations.  I wish I could pick up this Pamela's and move it to the Bay Area, just so I could enjoy it more!
4	We came here on a Saturday, late morning, for brunch and had to wait 15 minutes for a table but it was totally worth it. I ordered 'the hangover' not because I was hungover but because I felt gluttonous. Everything was awesome. Cash only.
5	Love this place! Awesome, fast, friendly service and delicious food. It's already a tradition! Try the stuffed crepes. Fantastic!
2	Food is good but the service is bad. It doesn't seem like they are happy to have you. While I love the strawberry crepes, fighting the crowd, standing in line pushed up towards the door,  being told "cash only'  and being served bad coffee makes me wonder why I went there in the first place.
2	I've eaten here and at the place on the strip multiple times.  I will sum it up like this.  breakfast doesn't have to be greasy, sugary and disgustingly bad for you.  It doesn't.  You can get great potatoes without having to have your heart stop.  Even the eggs come out swimming in fat.  The bottom of my plate is just one big oil slick every time I go there.  The pancakes are thin because they're weighed down by 1000g of fat and again swimming in fat on your plate.   They're heavy, rich and just not necessary unless you're ordering them for desert and then I would serve 1/2 an order.  Nothing they make that I have tried is prepared with any care or finesse.  It's all over the top and it's not funny anymore.   Buy quality ingredients, prepare them properly without too much fat or sugar, season them properly and let them sing.  Breakfast is one of my favorite meals.  I should really start a Yelp list of some of my favorite places come to think of it.  I'm always sorry I ate here every time I get sucked in.  By the way, do something to filter your water because it tastes awful and is probably why the coffee is so bad.  Probably one of the better breakfasts in the Pittsburgh area if you're comparing regions which tells you about the quality of the food here.  I think Deluca's does a better job if you insist on eating out for breakfast in the 'burgh.
4	If you haven't had Pamela's Pancakes (Hotcakes..?), well, I don't think you've lived a single day in Breakfast paradise, like me. Pamela's is great from their food, their speedy service, and their pricing. Their location is right off 19, so parking might be a little bit of a problem, but I live right down the street, so I just walk. Problem solved.Back to the Pancake. Pamela's has clearly set the precedent for all the pancakes in the world. These things are the bees knees. I don't think I've ever had a pancake so good in my life. They seriously make every single pancake I've ever had before taste like mush. These cakes have so much flavor, and they're paper thin too. How do they do thattt???I cherish having Pamela's right up the street from me, and I will continue on coming in and ordering their bangin' pancakes as frequently as I can.
5	Did you know you could get healthy options at Pamela's? I sure didn't! Although I would love to stick my face in a plate of their Lyonnaise Potatoes, I'm trying to be good (snooze). I recently discovered their spinach and feta omelet, which I love, so I just health-ied it up with egg whites, whole wheat toast sans butter (because they tend to be heavy on the butta) and a side of fruit. And you know what? It was still tasty! I was even surprised how awesome the fruit was! It was a big bowl full of delicious banana's and strawberries! They also have turkey bacon and sausage. I was tempted to add that one, you know, for more protein, but I stuck with my little satisfying dish.This location is very tiny, so I'd strongly suggest going during off hours. I've been during peak and you wait forever! Plus, there's very limited parking on the side of the building. And most importantly, it's CASH ONLY, with no ATM for a couple blocks.So eat up, with loads of delicious calories or not!
4	There's a lot of things I found difficult about this place, but the food made up for every difficulty. Getting inside is hard. Traffic is insane on that street. If you're coming at it from the direction of Green Tree, you won't know that there's a parking lot for Pamela's on the other side of the building, but it is there. Try there first, because there are signs warning you not to park in other businesses' parking spots if your destination is Pamela's. Must be a common problem. The parking lot is a bit cramped, and I have a feeling we got lucky getting a spot. There's some street parking, but I don't recommend that. When we did get seated, I got a show: right outside, an old lady trying to get out of a parking spot out front repeatedly hit the vehicles in front of and behind her, and tied up traffic for 20 minutes. It was good fun. So we get to the door and all I see are the backs of people. We take a deep breath and walk in, and miraculously, we are instantly spotted by the hostess! She asks (yells) for our name and how many, and put us on her clipboard. We try not to get in the way of more people coming in, but it's tough. My solution was to hang out next to the cashier, looking like a trainee and probably making him uncomfortable. But it was all over in -5 minutes when our name was yelled and we squirmed through the crowd to a little table inches away from other little tables full of people. It's incredible how many tables they fit in there. I ran out of hot sauce at one point, and all I had to do was nudge the stranger to my right and ask if I could swipe hers. I didn't even have to get up! Now it's cash only and there's no ATM, so we were on a budget cuz I only had like 12$. So come prepared. I had 2 eggs, bacon, and the famous lyonnaise potatoes, and my husband had pancakes. We got all that for under $12 plus left a 20% tip. I wanted to try everything on their menu, cuz it all looked good, and everything on the tables around me looked good. The food we ordered was delicious and well portioned. With the amount of people packed in that place, I expected the wait time to be long and the service slow, but it was quite the opposite! Everything was prompt. Waitresses were busy, but they got it all done. So overall, despite the parking hazards and close quarters, Pamela's is a cool place. I want to go back when I have the cash to try an omelet!
5	This will probably turn out to be one of my shortest reviews; here goes:I love this Pamela's. It's super close to my part of town. They know exactly how to cook whatever you order, from pancakes to omelets. Everything is delicious. Even the actual place, despite being small, feels super welcoming and open; I love their decor and exploring what's up on and around the walls. I've actually ordered lunch sandwiches here and at the Oakland location and loved them, but not nearly as much as breakfast. Breakfast is Pamela's specialty no matter what part of town you're in.Others have mentioned the long wait during peak hours, but that's true of ALL Pamela's locations. Similarly, all of the locations are cash only, so I can't hold this against them.I'll be back soon, Pamela's!
5	My meal - crepe-style pancakes & turkey sausage patties - was Excellent. Pancakes were light & delicious, sausage flavorful. Service was Outstanding! Staff was happy & friendly & made sure I had everything I needed & was enjoying the meal - they were all "my" waitress.
5	How can this place only have one review??? I know that I've checked in here multiple time before??? One the weekends I would be surprised if you won't wait. I can't find anything to complain about. The service is always right on and the food is delicious, from their crepe style pancakes to my personal favorites "Gail's Favorite eggs"and the "Tex-Mex" Omelet. Just so you know this joint is CASH only, with no ATM on premise, so plan accordingly. Don't worry though you shouldn't need a a lot because the prices are very reasonable.
5	Really great breakfast place  fast and friendly service.  The lyonnaise potatoes are too Goodrich pass up,  love the unique pancakes
5	BEST.corned.beef.hash.EVER!!
5	I came in 15 minutes before closing (Something I usually try to avoid doing, having been in the business for ten years myself). I was the only customer left in the place and they were clearly getting ready to close for the day.  Still they sat me with a smile.  The interior had that old Towne diner feel but was clean and bright.  The food was ready in five minutes. The coffee and the food were hot,  fresh,  and delicious. I had the morning after breakfast special,  simple but elegant and the most unique and delicious plain pancakes I've ever had! The scrambled eggs were real and flavorful,  and the sausage had that perfect pop when you bite into it with a juicy savory interior. If they can make a simple breakfast staple taste this good, I can't wait to see what else they've got.  I'm definitely coming back.  Franchise anyone?
5	Their pancakes are amazing! I do however, agree with the other reviews on here that say that the cooks have a tendency to be  over the top when it comes to the fat content of your meal. I'm sure that it's possible to get something somewhat healthy on the menu but that's probably not why you would come to Pam's. If you want egg whites, broccoli, nuts and seeds for breakfast ...You probably shouldn't eat here. But, if you want the occasional (and I mean occasional because you shouldn't eat this way all the time) light pancakes fried in butter and then stuffed with fruit, sour cream, and brown sugar with whipped cream on top (YUM!) then this is the place to go.
1	I will never understand how this place gets good reviews.the coffee is horrendous.all of the flavored are muted, nothing outstanding.
1	Honestly, if I could give this place no stars, I probably would. I live in the Pittsburgh area, but am not originally from here and I just don't understand why people rave about these "institutions" where both the food and service are awful. Really, the service wasn't too awful there just wasn't any service at all. Took our order, dropped our check with food and never saw him again. But, what was more shocking to me was how awful the food was. It's disgusting. The pancakes are horrendous and the place is overpriced for the dump that it is. I just don't get it. Everyone has told me for years to try it, I did, and I will NEVER go back. Not one single person at my table (6 people) enjoyed their food. I know this is harsh, but I think this place is a disaster. You couldn't pay me to eat there again.
2	I don't get the local fascination with this place.  The food is always swimming in grease and is so oversized its unnecessary.  This was the second time I tried this place.   The taste is ok if you can get past the grease for any eggs and the pancakes are varied and tasty.   But nothing can kill a place like unsanitary conditions and bad, rude, inattentive service.  I would like to see my server more than once  and not feel like I'm bothering her!   The multiple, persistent flies on every sticky surface, at this sitting, was so off putting I finally just left my meal.  Waitress watched us battling flies (I'm not talking one or two, but a dozen or so over tables, food, windows, everything) and didn't apologize or seem fazed or ask if anything was wrong with my mostly full meal pretty much left untouched.   I regret that we paid, but we did, and we left.  Definitley wont be returning.
4	Yikes the hotcakes here are FREAKIN FABULOUS!!!! I'm not kidding. They're def in between a pancake and a crepe-- large and not super thick like a crepe, and yet fluffy with pancake texture. There was a brown sugar crispiness to it. The blueberries were fresh and not of the jam variety. No need for syrup. Amaze...balls. Chorizo hash is also a super win. Spicy and filling!
5	Oh. My. Gosh. Go here! Tex mex omelette was the best thing ever. Salsa, guac, chorizo, sour cream.. Seriously I died and went to heaven. Their bread is like thick Texas toast or something, to die for. And their potatoes--seriously amazing. And the price is so legit. Not expensive at all. My boyfriend got something with pancakes and they were like crepe style pancakes and he was drooling over them. So awesome. And the service was great. Our server was friendly and I honestly think the food came out faster than it would at an actual fast food place. To some that may seem weird but when I'm hungry I hate waiting so it was awesome for us!It is kinda of a small place. And it is cash only. So keep that in mind. But please get breakfast here ASAP. Oh, they do have some lunch items as well but their menu is on the small side in general.
2	I'm not sure why everybody thinks that this is a great place to have breakfast or brunch because in my experience the food is mediocre at best the service is terrible and quite frankly the restaurant is is dirty and there's no place to park.
3	I'd always heard how amazing this place was and of did not love up to the hype in my opinion. I didn't like the lioneese (spelling?) Potatoes but the hot cakes were good. Don't know if I'll go back
4	I always enjoy going to this place after a good night of fun! The servers are usually really friendly and I don't mind giving them a good tip. The only thing is that the wait is always crazy but other than that, I really enjoy coming here!
