1	Went there today during lunch time. It took about 35 minutes from the time I got there until they were done for a simple basic wash. Which is fine but they weren't busy. As my car has just been dried off the lawn workers came over with their blowers and stirred up dust all over my car. The manager was out there as I went to get into my car and there was, literally, dust all over the car at this time. I let him know that it kind of defeats the purpose of getting my car washed when you guys just make it dirty again right away. He replied, "I know, I just told them to stop blowing and stirring up the dust." That was it, no apology or offer to wash it again. If you value your vehicle, time and money, DO NOT go here. I will never go back.
3	eh, my car is usually cleaner than it was before I went there, but never as clean as it should be for what I spend.
1	If you don't  mind a long wait even when they are not busy for a mediocre car wash, this is your place.  Lazy employees and no management that cares.
1	I wish I had read the reviews first, and too bad they don't negative stars.  I took my truck in and after talking with the guy that checks you in, it was agreed they would wash, wax, and detail the truck, including getting all the soil out of the bed( he even wrote it on the window) when the truck was returned the dirt was all built up in between the tailgate and the bed, and still all stuck in the corners. The wheels looked terrible, weren't even halfway wiped clean, missed spots on both bumpers, tires were half assed. I pointed this out, they rinsed the soil out, some. Wheels were not touched. When I told him I was NOT happy, he said well when you come in again ask for, who the heck knows cause I was too mad to remember, But I shall call tomorrow to complain.  TERRIBLE place .
1	Bad, BAD experience! I went in there today for a quick & BASIC car wash/detailing. Not the $100 package, the $23 package. I have a 4-door, basic Sonata. Like the other reviewers - it was barely busy when I pulled in. To be specific, I was the only car in line, and 3 dudes were waiting inside. Perfect. Do you know I was STUCK there, waiting, for  55 minutes? Almost an HOUR??? Was FREAKING out. When you get there you pull-up on the right side; then the car gets pulled behind the building in back. Then it re-appears over on the left side: The Parallel Universe where Time Stands Still, additional cars appear out of nowhere, and YOUR car is STUCK - for an hour! Seriously, thought I was loosing my mind and watching a 3-minute video loop on "repeat" - I SO couldn't imagine what these people were doing with their spray bottles and towels, over & over to these cars - for an HOUR. Of course, then I realized that most car places have 2-3 dudes per car, per lane. THIS place had 5 people - across 3 lanes - all sharing cars. You do the math. All I could do was stare at MY car - 1-car BEHIND the Parallel Universe of other cars - Stuck and Untouched. It seemed they had some "system" they working to, but OBV it DOESN'T WORK if a) You're WAY understaffed and b) the person who paid for the $23 package has to SIT and wait while 5, $10 packages go BEFORE her!!I mean, what the FREAK? And the outcome? Meh.Bottom LIne: Dirty Car or Francis & Sons? 1000% the Dirty Car.
1	OMG!The cashier doesn't even said hi to you!Doesn't she realized that we are the ones who paid her paycheck? From now on I think is worth to drive to Scottsdale to a different car wash then headaches here in f hills in this place!
1	I don't think it is fair that I pay $20 for a car wash and the outside of my car is still dirty. It's like they just ran the car thru the machine and let it air dry. I am never going back to this place again. What a waste of time and money.
5	Drove my car in from Florida and it is a MESS. I think we killed every single bug between Florida and Scottsdale. (you're wecome)Anywho, I walked in to check out all of their services and they have all sorts of price ranges from simple to extraordinary. My husband is my car-cleaning snob, so I stuck with the basics and let him go back to get a demo of their services.Yes, you read correctly - a demonstration.I pulled up to the line and chose their $27.xx service, which is everything including vacuum and tires and air freshener (asked them to hold off on the air freshener, because I usually can't stand the stuff - I have to stick to my Scentsy smells). He promised me that they'd get off the bugs at whatever price point, but I picked the highest one because they deserved the money.... it was that bad.The car came out fabulous - I'd forgotten it was white. Didn't see any bug remains on the front end and the vacuum job was pretty good (I still see the Bugle between the center console and passenger seat, but that bugger is really stuck in there).With the $27.xx car wash (sorry I forgot their name for it) I can get another wash within 7 days (not the same services, but at least it will keep the car white for a little longer).I'll be back, for sure. It's convenient and quick and good service!
1	Ridiculous.....only two people drying cars with 10 cars lined up on Sunday morning.  I was there for over 45 minutes and when I pulled in there were only 3 cars in front of me.  I really feel sorry for the 10 people behind me!  I told the cashier to ask the manager to come out, but he wouldn't.  Maybe he should have been out there drying the cars.  And they never have any order...they don't keep track of who came in earliest so that they do the cars in the order they arrived.  I will go down to Scottsdale from now on!
5	Hmmm, I'm not sure why this car wash has such poor ratings. Maybe they're aware and have made changes? Idk. All I know is they did a bomb ass job on my car the other day. I mean, my car looked like it went to hell and back...and I probably had close to a million bugs splattered on the front end. I pulled up and opted for the most expensive wash, which is something like $24.99. Not bad if you ask me. Anyway...I let the guy talk me into waxing the car...it really needed it and I don't think I waxed it in like a year. So...$50 out the door, which I didn't think was bad. When I got into my car I could not find anything they missed. My car was immaculate inside and out. If you ask me....I say give this place a shot. Check online before you go to see if there are coupons. Also, budget your time...allow at least 30 min. You can't have the best of both worlds expecting a bang up job in little time.
1	I have brought my 3 cars to be washed here in the last 5 months and even though the wash wasn't great it's pretty much the only place in town I would keep going back.  But after today no more.  So I come and of course they are always trying to upsell, today's upsell was buy the ultimate was get a free wash next sunday.  I said ok.  So then when I was at the cashier I asked about it again.  After she charged me and took my money she then said the SAME CAR must be back here Sunday to qualify.   I asked why wasn't I told that upfront she said sorry I will talk to him.  Then she said sorry this is the managers ruling and started to point at a paper on the wall.  After this No Thanks you lost a weekly customer.
1	The up-selling is obnoxious. I'm there for a car wash, not a windshield, not a spot cleaning of a seat for $20. Not a detail job that can be paid now and done years from now. I feel like I'm in Morocco, people trying to sell me stuff.
1	Been here numerous times will not come back because of my greeter Daniel soooo rude! Just wanted the VIP wash and I understand they have to try to up sell but after telling him no 5 times he made a rude remark and walk away! Uncalled for!!! I will be going to Danny's or elsewhere from now on!
1	Horrible Experience Horrible Experience Poorly Managed and has been this way for quiet some timeIts been a year since I last visited and it continues to get worse They are extremely overpriced for the service and product they provide. Today there was no soap spaying the cars just water. No organization and poor customer serviceI will never go back to this carwash Gave them a second chance and they failed big time
2	The actual car wash here is fine, I've been here several times and the car does look better coming out than going in.  However, I seriously avoid this place because they keep harassing you excessively to up-sell and buy one of their detailing packages.  And they won't just ask and accept your "no thanks" answer, they keep it up.  I usually don't have the stomach to deal with this so I just take the car somewhere else.
