5	I am not a size 2.  I am not even a size 12.  So when I say that is difficult to impossible to find elegant clothing in larger sizes, I do know how hard that is.  Luckily we have the Encore! department at Nordstrom's Fashion Show Mall.  I have probably bought more clothing here than any other place.  They always have something nice.  I've shopped in a lot of Nordstrom's, but this store definitely has the best buyer.I still wear my Anne Klein red leather jacket once a week.  When I need a Citron fix, they have it.  I have a glorious red silk coat from here and a flashy black dress with white jacket that I wore to MC a televised awards show.  But it's not all flash here.  There are also good t-shirts, pants and everyday tops.  I just wish the entire section were twice as large.
5	Just an FYI for shorter people.  Nordstrom will hem your pants/jeans for free even if you didn't purchase from their department store, just as long as they carry the brand and you tell them that you did get your merchandise there.  A good and reasonably priced tailor can be so hard to find.  I've taken a pair of Lucky jeans and Theory pants and they came out great!
5	Guys - if you gotta hit the mall with your woman ...this is the place to go ...the most comfortable chairs to lounge in while your girl looks at overpriced, shoes, handbags, clothes, etc - grabbed a cup of java, plopped in a chair, did the " i'm cool texting " thing  and the mall was ...tolerable ...then again , it helped that we got their late and the mall shops were closing within an hour ...oh....darn !
3	One of the best Nordstroms that sell big high fashion brands such as Prada, Balenciaga, Burberry, Chanel, etc.  If you're a fan of Nordstrom, you know some places sell "cheaper" clothing than others (if you want the Mercedes of Nordstroms, try visiting the one in South Coast Plaza, Costa Mesa, CA!)  Huge Thanksgiving Sale, with really cute shoes.  Too bad they were still way overpriced and not within my budget.
4	I had been looking for a pair of Guess? boots (http://shop.guess.com/StyleImages/GWMAEVE-BLKLE-RF.jpg) I searched everywhere for, but had no luck.  I was extremely excited when I found them here, and on sale!  Retail price is $180, and I got them for 50% off, which was amazing.Hells yeah!
4	I don't think I've ever been to a Nordstrom store in my life. But when I walked in here, I was just reminded of Bloomingdales. I think the people here are very helpful. I was looking at the bathing suit section and this saleswoman offered some wonderful help. Too bad the swimsuits just weren't my taste. Gosh, I think I love Nordstrom now that I'm going to go out of my way upstate!
3	Normally I'm a big fan of Nordstrom - but in a city where store customer service is generally top notch I found the employees at this particular branch chilly at best.  For a store that generally trumps Macy's in every other US city I actually prefer the Macy's at Fashion Show to the Nordstrom by a longshot - better deals, better service, less crowded as well.
5	Do you want shoes? Do you want cosmetic?come here come here come here!!!!!!! I got 90% of shoes here and 90% of cosmetic here. 2010 BONUS REWARDS POINTS:Triple points: March 17-21Twice points: May 26-29 ---- women & kidsTwice points: June 18-20 ---- menTwice points: July 16-20Triple points: Sep 22-26Twice points: Nov 3-6---- women & kidsTwice points: Dec 26-28 ---- men
5	If you are a woman and need your breasts measured, come here. There is no ifs, ands, or buts - get your girls down here. My mother desperately needed a bra, and I was just double-checking to make sure I had the right size for my jiggly parts. I did not. Ran into a woman named Jennifer Applestein who was extremely helpful, courteous, and pleasant who measured us and even brought us bras. That's right, we stayed in the dressing room and had everything come to us. Legit. Not only that, but for my mom she made sure to run out and do a "white t-shirt test" and had my mom try on a white tee with her bra to make sure everything was smooth and invisible. My mom loved the t-shirt so much that Jennifer went above and beyond and went down to the women's department to grab a bunch in different colors for my mom to try on. She ended up taking the bra Jennifer picked out as well as four of the t-shirts. My mom is not a spendy woman like I am so for her to drop that much dough in a Nordstrom's says a lot. For me, Jennifer picked out two amazing black bras, one of which was Betsey Johnson (this woman just KNEW me!) and even offered to send an item to my home when they didn't have it in stock in the store. I declined for the time being but I was very flattered and impressed that this company does that. My mom ended up getting me the non-Betsey bra and we were both extremely satisfied with our experience. The entire store was very neat and organized, and no salesperson was pushy whatsoever. It is fast becoming my favorite department store in Las Vegas.
5	The cafe, the shoes, the savvy section - oh Nordies how I love you! One of my favorite things about Nordstrom is the Anniversary Sale in July/August where they put all the brand spanking new designer fall stuff on sale ahead of time! It's wonderful to buy cut rate merchandise before it becomes trendy rather than after it falls out of style. I do find this particular Nordstrom to be one of my favorites in the country because it's rarely crowded and extremely easy to park at!
5	This is the go-to place for service.  Nordstrom is like Ritz Carlton in the service industry - the customer comes first.  Back in college my mom got me these awesome Matisse mules, and a year later they ripped when I was walking home from campus.  A year later, no receipt, and Nordstrom did an exchange with no questions asked!!!!  wow!I had another grand service moment when I crazily spent a lunch break more than 8 months before my wedding looking at "wedding shoes" for the big upcoming day.  Nordstrom had the most amaaaaazing shoes that matched my dress but at full price, they were unaffordable for me (and most people).....so I start ebay searching and googling desperately to find them, and learned they are sold out everywhere but Nordstrom.  I found that Neiman Marcus had them for 60% off but were sold out.I called Nordstrom (and spoke to a nice lady in Cedar Rapids, Iowa) and asked if they could match Neiman Marcus' price - she said yes without hesitation and my shoes were ready at Fashion Show within the hour.  I tried them on and had to exchange sizes since the heels are so high.  The shoe department manager's jaw dropped when she saw my receipt - and was impressed with the great deal I managed to get on these beautiful shoes!I celebrated with a ginger peach iced tea from the e-bar and now I have the perfect shoes for the perfect dress!!!!  Now that's shopping luv.
1	So, this is probably the worst Nordstrom I have ever been too. And I have been to almost all on the west coast. It is not because of lack of product or prices. Nordstrom is about top products but, first it is about customer service. I have lived in Vegas for a year and have visited this store at least 20 times hoping for a "Nordstrom Experience". Only once from Jeanette in Men's sportswear and my monthly shoe shines are the times I get good service. I am just at the very least looking at getting greated once I am seen in a department instead of having to wait for salespeople to quit conversing with each other. I am from the Seattle area and I have personal shoppers still to this day help me with products. I would rather gather sku's in Vegas and have them send me product from Seattle than to shop at this store. Because I know the salespeople there will still send me a thank card, tell me about events and say hi if I am in there department. At least earn your comission somewhat; I know people in shoes earn 8-10% commission and clothes earn 5-8% comission so please do something about the service here or reread your handbooks or even the book "Leave it Better than you Found it" by Bruce Nordstrom. Oh thats right this is an internal book that must be being used as a doorstop there. @nordstrom
5	I have been looking all over for a compact purse that is not so big.  Not so hard, you say.  I have been looking for one that is stylish and has a chain link strap.  I struck gold here with a chain link (color of chain is gold) strap purse.  The purse has a lustrous leather finish.  It is a Tori Burch and the price is comparable to what I would spend for Coach.I come to Nordstrom to find selection.  Vegas definitely caters to a grand variety of customers so I figure that I might find something here that I was not able to find in California.  Thank you Nordstroms Vegas, regards, a happy California customer.
5	A great nordstrom, upholds vegas standards. Great selection, and great sister stores as well. If you don't find it here, you can find it at saks or maybe neimans. Sale season here is also very brutal, which is the half yearly womens, and shoes! Nordstrom's is also known for their no-nonsense return policy and (usually) impeccable customer service.
4	I've grown up a Nordstrom girl, thanks to my mom. One of my earliest memories is spending a Saturday morning having breakfast at a special event held by the department store before it was open to the public.This place is big on customer service and I love how they don't hassle you about returning something. And I love how easy it is to order something online (with a great $5 shipping all the time). You're also able to return online items in stores, which takes away any anxiety or doubt. If the item doesn't fit or you don't like it, then you can just return it without a problem.*And when hunger strikes during your shopping excursion, try out the awesome cafe hidden in between the youth and home section on the 2nd level.
3	So I came to this specific Nordstroms because it was the ladies' half-yearly sale and I wanted to check out a pair of shoes in person before I bought them. The people in the shoe department SUCKED. No one acknowledged me and when I did ask someone a question, she said whatever's out is what we have. THIS WAS VERY DISAPPOINTING. Nordstroms is known for customer service and this department was not representative of that AT ALL. I went to handbags, and t.b.d. to cool down and relax because the shoe department people REALLY pissed me off. The other departments were more in line with what I've come to expect at Nordstroms. I went home and called my regular Nordstroms which is in ANOTHER STATE. The saleslady put me on hold to check her inventory and when they didn't have any of the shoes I wanted in the store, she ordered them for me to have them delivered to my place. She offered to send it to the local Nordstroms, but no thanks, I won't be going back there any time soon.
5	I generally like all nordstroms I go too, but this one made my day today. I left my favorite pair of sunglasses sitting on their counter and didn't realize until after they closed. Couldn't get back there for like a week. Came back to exchange the shoes I had bought the salesman was there remembered me and said he had tried running after me when he saw I left them and went upstairs to get them. Really appreciate that kind of service. Only thing I would recommend is a better sunglasses display and that would make this nordstrom perfect.
5	My absolute favorite place to shop in town! I can't get enough.Out of all the ones I've been to (Cali and here), this one is my favorite. Every person who works here is friendly and genuine. I am always asked if I need help anywhere I am. I especially like that employees from OTHER departments (other than the one I'm browsing in) will ask me if I'm being helped and if I need special assistance and they don't know the answer they will find the specialist in that brand/section. Now THAT is customer service.Another thing I love about this place is that I am never judged or questioned for not buying into something or returning/exchanging anything. The best return policy of any retailer out there. They truly encourage you to try things and if you don't like it try something else, which is especially helpful when it comes to skincare/makeup.I had a recent return that was a pleasant experience. I exchanged Tory Burch Reva flats I received 2 years ago as a gift. I've worn them about 4 times since then. The elastic on the back makes them pretty uncomfortable to wear. I saw the Caroline flats with a comfort elastic band all around and wanted to see if I could trade them out. All I had was the receipt, no box or anything. I tried on the Carolines, loved them, mentioned I had an exchange..."absolutely, no problem!" And that was that. Am so excited to add these flats to my fall wardrobe.Employees really go out of their way here. Even when they are busy they make you feel like you're the only one they are helping and I never feel rushed. I love free shipping on items they don't have in the store. The sales are amazing and perks and gifts are great (especially in the cosmetics area).I get all my makeup, skincare, shoes and other necessities here. I love shopping here! The lady at Shiseido is super sweet and knowledgable, so are all the MAC artists. Everyone in the shoe department is great too.The iced teas and other drinks at the Cafe are also very good. Park in the Nordstrom lot off of Industrial to avoid the crowd. I highly suggest getting a Nordstrom card/debit card if you shop here often, you receive points towards "notes" (money to use in the store) and points multiply during anniversary sales etc, where you find the best deals and perks.
3	needs more selection of clothing and shoes.
5	I'm so happy we have a Nordstrom in pgh after years of driving to beechwood Ohio or tysons corner to shop.  I always shop with Kira M.  She always finds just what I'm looking for.  I have to say out of everyone I have had wait on me she is very into fashion and knows every designer.  She also seems to find things I miss, like the beautiful Haute Hippie dress I just bought.  I suggest if u shop at nordstrom and no matter what age you are go see Kira.
5	My favorite shoe salesperson is now a personal stylist so she is harder to find in the shoe department.  However, I called her to find out she would be in today.  I already taken Mamie P. to Colleen and she had been very successful in a shoe hunt.  This time I was looking for classic work shoes.  Right when I showed up, Colleen had gone on lunch so manager Antonio took care of me while I waited - by pulling shoes even outside of the salon shoes department and giving me a cold perrier.FInally, Colleen was back and took over.  i ended up ordering what Mamie got, Ivanka Trump low heel pointy-toe pumps, but in pewter leather which Nordstrom only has online.  They should arrive in 5 business days.  I am excited to have beautiful and comfortable closed-toe shoes for work and evening wear, especially now in the colder months.  Because of the service and great brands, a trip to Nordstrom shoe department is always a great time!UPDATE: A few days after this visit, Zappos.com lowered the price on the trump shoes.  I called Nordstrom's customer service line and had my shoes that I will receive today price-matched and she credited the difference in price to my credit card.  AWESOME!
5	Fantastic service but that's a given since it's a Nordstrom store.  The selection is fantastic whether it's accessories or clothing.  Shop your hearts out, gals!
5	After being chased out of Macy's for having two to a dressing room. We headed over  to Nordstrom.  At this point, I get it, no white dresses until probably about March.  Yes, I know I can go to a bridal shop but I really am not wanting the conventional wedding dress.  Besides which you don't want David's Bridal to have your phone number as they will hound you worse than ATT trying to get you to switch your long distance service, but I digress.So, I thought I will just look at dresses period.  I need one for a party coming up anyway, so as long as we are here and the YS still hanging in there with me, we might a well hit one more.I went over to the sale rack, let's start there I thought, I found one I thought I'll try on.  I consulted the sales staff and Ashly Ryan was quick to help me out and told me what I already knew, the white dresses will be in later.  She saw that I had the YS in tow and said to him, we have a waiting area for you in the dressing room.  So, we all headed back and near the mirrors towards the front of the dressing rooms, was a couple of chairs for people waiting.  I popped in to the room tried in on and walked out and showed him, without having to walk out in the store which is what I was trying to avoid at Macy's but alas that was not to be, and he said looks good.  So, we purchased that and some all important Spanx (see other reviews regarding not size 2). I asked if I could be tax exempt as I was from Oregon, she said the only way to do that was it I was shipping it and the tax was less than the minimum $11 shipping so we paid it and left.  I thought I might as well quite while I'm ahead and we suspended any more dress shopping for the rest of the trip.I'll be back.  Nordstrom's you never let me down.
3	I came here with my girl looking for some things.  Pretty slow so there was a bunch of employees there to help out.  But thats a double edge sword.  If they are slow they will hound you even if you tell them you are there to look someone else will be right around the corner and ask you for help again.  So i put in my headphones....  All in all they didnt have what we were looking for so you get only 3 stars
4	One of the best in overall selection that I've ever experienced.
5	Everyone knows Nordstrom has a fantastic selection of clothes, shoes, jewelry (real stuff on line), cosmetics etc etc but what I truly love is the customer service. I have been here several times and not once did I have to flag someone down to help me. I know what I want when I go so to have someone ALWAYS willing and asking you if you need help is so great. They must treat their employees really well because everyone seems to always be in great mood. Neimans is 50/50 at least in my experience.
4	This was my first experience in a Nordstrom. As a Macy's employee, just stepping foot in here is considered high treason.  But the moment I entered the store, I couldn't help but notice one thing: how surprisingly clean the floor was. I only saw a few racks that had clothes thrown over them, but nothing too severe that would otherwise make shopping here dreadful. The sales associates were really nice too, even if one of them kept checking her phone while she was behind the register. One really nice associate in particular (I think she said her name was Maria), was keen on trying to sell me some nice jackets. Somehow I managed to resist, but not before buying a new LA Dodgers cap. If all Nordstroms are like this one, then I definitely have to check out the local one in Cerritos.
3	The only thing to love about this store is free Valet (super convenient- gotta love Vegas valet service) and the ebar (as usual fantastic espresso with tons of seating for people watching). Other than that this was a pretty disappointing Nordstrom. The men's selection left much to be desired for, and the savvy women's section (my fave) was just sad. For such a shopping mecca you'd expect more...
5	Customer Serivce at this location is phenomenal.  Their salespeople really are some of the nicest around.  I always enjoy shopping here because I can take a break for lunch at their great cafe.  Enjoy some wine, refresh, get back to shopping.  I love this store!!
2	In the past five years, the Las Vegas Nordstrom has declined tremendously!   The quality of merchandise is shoddy and the customer service leaves a lot to be desired.  I've always enjoyed shopping at the California Nordstrom stores and was "thrilled" when they put one in at The Fashion Show.   Since the opening of the Las Vegas store, it has never been "as good" as those in California, but I still enjoyed shopping there.  Now, I consider them on an equal status with Dillard's . . . .  not a bad place, but certainly NOT a high end shopping experience.
1	I always went to Nordstrom to purchase new cologne's in the past and since I was going to have lunch at the Fashion Show Mall I decided it was time for some new fragrances.   I went into the Men's department only to be disappointed by a sales person who couldn't give me the time of day.  He completely ignored me and after 15 minutes of just standing there next to the selections testing each and every one I finally gave up and went to Saks Fifth Avenue and had a phenomenal experience and couldn't be more pleased.    Nordstrom you lost yourself a regular customer.
5	Great place to shop. Well actually great place for my wife to shop hahaha. People here are really friendly and love stoping by the mens fragrance dept.
1	The shoe department namely, the mens shoes department there has the worst customer service.  I was there on a weeknight, took two pairs of shoes and waited to be served.  There were two clerks working there, two other customers besides myself.  I was ignored, made to wait, and wait some more.  I waited for 20 minutes without even the clerk acknowledging my existence.  Disgusted I asked to speak to the floor manager on call that night.  I told the store manager what happened to me and that I will NOT EVER shop at their store again for this kind of bad service.  I eventually went to the puma store and bought 5 pairs of shoes.   Nordstrom, take note.  Piss me off and your bottom line will suffer.  Shoe stores and clothing stores are a dime a dozen - especially in las vegas.
5	It's hard to beat Nordstrom for selection and service. Their cafe is really nice too for lunch. I love the Nordy cookie! Great selection and great return policy. "Oh you're returning your used towels."  "Yep"  "No problem would you like that in cash, gift card or returned to your debit card?"  This place knows service.  Looking forward to the next sale so I can buy myself the Westin mattress!
4	First of all they have, incredible customer service. The Fashion Show store in Las Vegas has an extensive collection of accessories, great salon shoes, and an amazing beauty counter. The staff is knowledgeable and friendly and willing to offer you help even if it's outside of Nordstrom.
4	The girl who helped me in their INCREDIBLE shoe department was a star. The woman and man upstairs in the department with Theory (I forget the name) were bitchy and totally rude. Don't turn away when I'm asking you a question...just because I was wearing workout stuff (okay I walked there from the Signature) doesn't mean I don't have money to spend. As Julia Roberts said in Pretty Woman, 'Big mistake. Big.' I bought four pairs of shoes that day downstairs in the shoe department so take that, bitches.Anyways, the girl in the jeans department was nice too. It is very rare to get bad service in any Nordstrom. But I love Nordies anyways so four stars for the nice people I encountered and the selection.
5	I know, Nordstrom's is known for great service, so what's new? If you are looking for men's quality suits, slacks, etc. Robert is outstanding in this store. He talked me out of purchasing a pair of pants I had chosen and instead steered me to a different style. Tried them on and he was right-they simply fit a body like mine better. I was so pleased I bought two pairs. He made sure they were shipped in quickly, altered perfectly and ready in just a day. Covered parking is free and directly outside the main store entrance. That's especially important during the hot months.
5	Just wanted to give a positive review to Wanda at the Vegas store. My friend and I stumbled into the store, fairly intoxicated, but really excited about how awesome Nordstrom is. I needed to get jeans, cologne, and sun glasses and when we asked Wanda for directions to the fragrance section, she basically became our personal shopper, guiding us to each section, dealing with our loud silly ways, and helping me find exactly what I was looking for. She even went above and beyond and delivered my altered pants to my hotel the next day. I rarely buy clothes but I just don't see any reason to ever go anywhere else but Nordstrom. Wanda deserves nothing but the best.Thanks for a great experience!
5	I grew up on Nordstrom, then became an employee and now a lifer customer, and without the discount!Fashion Show MAC counter was AMAZING! For being on the Strip, it wasnt too crowded. My friends and I scheduled makeup appts and was seated the moment we got there. No uncomfortable waiting while yet another, girl comes up wanting lashes put on. LOL!XOXO
5	Impeccable service in the shoe dept this past Sunday. My date took me shoe shopping & we were very happy w their level of service. Found a great pair of terra cotta brown riding boots by Sam Edelman & a pair of super sexy heels by Alice & Olivia. They also put large bows on my boxes :)
5	This review is for the MAC counter.Saturday afternoon was super busy because Nordstrom was having their Fall Trends event, but thankfully Shannon was still able to find a makeup artist to get me ready for celebrating my birthday and going clubbing. I only had to wait a minute or two before I was seated in a chair.If you need to get your makeup done for a night out on the town, see Tazia!  She did my makeup for me and after she was done I looked like a sexy goddess!She was great about telling me which products she was using and an expert when it came to selecting eye shadow colors.I wish that Tazia lived in the OC because I would definitely make my future appointments with her!
5	Lean on the sales associates for advice and good finds. While they may bring you things that aren't on sale, they will look fabulous. Gemile Roberts is awesome! If he's there, snatch him up!
5	This is one of my favorite department stores to work at. I work in every mall in this town, and I love this crew.From top to bottom, customer service is #1! It's how you should be treated.There's a novelty section in the middle of the store right now. It's there for the holidays. I was very impressed with the prices! The return policy is the best of any store! You can exchange anything any time!  It's a great store to shop at.If you're shopping in the fragrance department, Mark is the one to see! H
5	After a long day of walking around, I needed some things last minute. I was so exhausted and cranky that shopping which usually makes me happy was feeling more like a chore. I am so happy with help I got especially since it was nearing the end of store hours. The people that helped me were quick, courteous, and very thoughtful. It is so nice to know that where ever I go I can count on Nordstrom. A big thank you to Bp Shoes, Selene in the Rail, and the lovely Amanda in sunglasses who helped me yesterday!
1	We just moved from California to Las Vegas.  Nordstrom is always where I buy my good clothes from, among other things. My first time to shop at Nordstrom in Vegas and already I have a bad experience.  I purchased a St. John outfit at full price of $995. After just a few days, the same dress went on sale at their store for apprxt $300+, a total difference of apprx.$600. Unfortunately, I had to be out of the country and I was able to call them only around a few days after the 30th day I purchased. First of all, I was transferred from one department to the other, then I was told price adjustment were only made within 14 days of sale? or price change? I don't know which one made sense, the person I spoke to wanted to just rid of me.  Being a Nordstrom shopper.all my life, with no record of returns or credit requests,  my first time ever requesting for a price adjustment on an existing sale on a high end product, and to be treated this way, I think is not my idea of the excellent customer service, Nordstrom has always been known for, and especially not a good representation of t St. John Knits Company.  Totally, totally,  disappointed.  So my dear friends, be careful and be careful on your purchases; maybe only on this particular store or department.  Because I refuse to believe the rest of the Nordstrom family is this way. Unlike this Nordstrom, the Nordstrom I came to know for so many many years, values everyone of their customers. Sad!
5	We stopped here the other day and it was a great experience. Love the shoe selection. Especially on sale!
5	I love the employees that work in the jeans department.  I usually walk in and explain what kind of denim I am looking for and they grab a few and I try them on.  I walk out happy with just the perfect pair of jeans every single visit.  I also love Nordstrom because they have a phenomenal return policy if you need to return something.  Thumbs up!
4	Who doesn't love Nordstroms?!  They have great buyers and a wonderful return policy.  However, this store tends to disappoint me.  I wish they had more of a selection for women's clothing and women's shoes.  They have great customer service but just not the selection that most Nordstroms in Los Angeles have.  Since Vegas doesn't have a Bloomingdales and Intermix is gone, there's a style of clothing that can be hard to find.  The only stores left with great women's clothing is Scoop, Neimans, and Saks, and a few other great boutiques.  However, its hard to find a large department store with a great selection and lots of variety.  I hate wasting my time shopping so I love when a store has everything that I want.  Nordstroms should be this store, but the selection is too small at this location.
5	Oh, Nordstrom. Where would I be without thee. Not only do they have an awesome array of wonderful products and brands, their customer service is BY FAR the best! I always catch myself having random conversations with the workers and they are always really genuine, especially once they find out you're a local. Their demeanor seems to just warm up and relax a bit. Whenever I spot something I like anywhere, I ALWAYS check to see if Nordstrom carries it because if there was EVER a problem with the product, their return policy is amazing. A few weeks ago, I had ordered a few things online and I had accidentally sent it to my old address. I called customer service and they did not hesitate to resend the package to my new address... without charge and without making me feel guilty. They were SO accommodating and assured me that they are there to make sure my products get to me! LOooOooOooOve them!!!
5	After a disappointing experience at the Kate Spade retailer one floor down, I booked it to Nordstrom knowing they were always reliable when it comes to customer service. I found the Kate Spade wallet immediately and asked a lady at a counter if I could try fitting everything from my current wallet into the Kate Spade one to "try it on for size". She let me know I was welcome to. Once I settled on the wallet I asked Valeria C. at the higher end bag/purse counter for a brand new wallet that hadn't been on display and she was happy to oblige (I noticed that one of the stitches had started to fray from being out and handled). She asked me about my second question (in that moment I was elated since most sales associates tend to forget) and showed me some Michael Kors bags, leaving me to decide for myself. I greatly appreciated how she didn't push her opinion on me but was still extremely helpful at the same time. I was in a hurry so I ended up purchasing only the wallet which Valeria gave me a 25% discount on (it wasn't on sale). I was thoroughly satisfied with my experience at Nordstrom and if I ever find myself in Vegas on a Saturday ;), I'd probably try to find Valeria again since she was so nice and helpful.
5	Ive never had a bad experience at Nordstrom. All in 1. Any luxury brand u want, u will find it here. I love to eat at the cafe after hours of shopping. Customer service is awesome. My go to place to buy watches. So many varieties & not enough time lol
4	Nordstrom Cafe, Great Salads.  My favorites are Arugula Shrimp, Chinese Chicken, and Crusted Chicken
1	Ewww ewww ewww ewww! I love Nordstrom but not this one. Who would possibly shop here with so many other  options in this mall. Terrible customer service especially that tall flamboyant guy in cosmetics departmentWho needs to stay out of the sun. Cooked much?? He's so rude. I'll go to Saks or Neimans just to not deal with his funky attitude.
5	Ran in to Nordstrom 30 minutes before they closed for their Anniversary Sale in dire need of an outfit to go out that night. Thomas H. in the Men's Department was so helpful and patient. Never once did I feel rushed. I not only got an entire wardrobe, but he had a pair of sneakers sent to my place, shipping waived due to them not being in stock.  Very happy with the service I received and will happily return.
5	I always receive great customer service at this location, (unlike pretty much all of Southern California)Associates in all the mens departments are helpful, picked up some great cole haan sneakers after returning some items in the rail department with a breeze. Store is bright and clean. Sales people don't attack
1	Went in tonight to purchase two pairs of shoes.I picked the shoes abc went and sat down.  I even removed my shoe in hopes that someone would realize my intent of an imminent purchase.Unfortunately no one came to my assistance. I know Nordstrom prides itself on customer service unfortunately I did not have this experience.On the way out I simply left the shoes I wanted to purchase on the counter and explained I could no longer wait and left.Perhaps if I were purchasing women's shoes I would have received better service.
1	I was in a hurry to find some shoes on my way to a wedding and came here.  This Nordstrom doesn't sell Louboutins.  I rest my case.
4	What's not to like? (except my itty bitty bank account)  I didn't buy anything today but as usual when I go to Fashion Show I park below Nordstrom, hit all the other stores and get a real aerobic workout and then stop in the cafe for the great tomato bisque and half sandwich while resting my sore fee and aching back (from all the shopping bags... seriously... shopping is a workout!)Ironically, my first few experiences at Nordstrom (in CA) were unpleasant but once I actually got the Nordstrom's service I was sold.  It's a good thing my feet are too big for all the fashion shoes so I just stop and fondle the Stuart Weitzman's (which they no longer make in my size) and try and remember I've got dozens of them in my closet!
4	Nordstrom is most convenient department store across the States.   I always stop there and check it out when I go down to the States.I like to shop at Nordstrom coz of their friendly service and casual atmosphere in the store.  From cosmetic to clothing, they have good selection and nice customer service.Surprisingly quiet on weekday at Nordstrom, I just saw few customers on cosmetic floor.   That's ok. I liked to enjoy private sales service and atmosphere.
5	Shopping at the handbags department last Sat, Marisa was very helpful.  Good service!
5	Nordstroms always has great customer service. This place is always clean and organized. The wife finds things quickly and all the employees are ready and willing to help.   Just wish they he more athletic clothing and jerseys. Then this place would truly be a one stop shop! Tons of parking in the parking structure and garage makes this the place to go to during the holiday season but try to get here early as people will cut you literally if you snag a spot before them.
4	We have been here often. Very nice department store and the atmosphere is great. Well good stay together because you lost. When we were there for the 5th time, we came even floors against which we had not been before. Tip: Get a free customer at the customer desk, you get even more discount;
5	Wow! Just called needed a last minute gift spoke to Ladd and he made it absolutely seamless! I pick up the gift already wrapped in valet with such a short turnaround time! Nordstrom is all about customer service and once again they did it again they wowed me!
2	I know Nordstrom is well known for their amazing customer service but that was lacking at this location. I walked into the women's shoe department and a tall bald man was quick to approach me.. When I told him I wanted to pick up items I ordered online for in store pick up, his tone changed and he had that "I'm not making money off of you" face. He said he'd ask a manager cause he didn't know where I should go.. As he went to get a manager, I walked around to look at shoes just to hear him coming out from the stock room talking about me. RUDE! I was shocked.. People at this location are only nice if they're going to make commission off of you. If not, you're just a waste of time. I'll only shop at Nordstrom Ala Moana.. Their customer service is amazing whether you buy or not.
1	The valet here is extremely rude . This is the second bad experience I have had with valet . On top of it I tipped him 5$ and no thank you just a blank stare . I am in the hospitality industry and you must always say thank you .
