4	I've been coming to this nail salon for about 4 years now. Jennifer is the best and always takes good care of me. I agree with the previous review, they do reuse utensils which does creep me out, however it apparently doesn't stop me from going. I'm sure if I asked Jennifer to clean them, she would.
4	Very nice place.  Offered me a drink and took their time. Feet look great. I will be back!
4	They do a god job in my pedicure just think need spend little more time on foot massage
3	I can't say a whole lot stood out about this particular nail salon.  They were pretty standard and didn't do much to set themselves apart.  The one thing I appreciated is that they didn't talk crap about me right in my face by using another language.  So, thanks for that ladies.The color selection was a little weak but they had some decent options.  No OPI?  Surprising.I sprung for the "deluxe" mani/pedi.  My technician just ran through the steps so it was somewhat of a waste.  Yes, I got the scrub, the wax, the hot stones but she was so disenchanted that it didn't even feel relaxing.  She seemed more interested in running through the process.  Now, can I blame her for not "enjoying" my sasquash feet?  No.  I can't.  But, could she at least give me what I paid for?  Yes. She could.The manicure was just as subpar.  They just didn't really "dig" into their work.  Make sense?  I still have cuticles that are all uneven, random strands of skin sticking out of my nails, they didn't file or buffer my nails, etc.  Geez, now that I am thinking about it, should I give them 2 stars?  I think I just got the two sloppy technicians because other people seemed to be getting the royal treatment.  I wouldn't go out of my way to return but they are a decent option if in the area I suppose.
2	It was nice inside and I really enjoyed the massage chair. They gave a little bit of a foot massage with a pedicure which was very nice. The gel Mani was not done well and I had to go back and get it redone. They were not happy when I came back to get it redone, but they did it and it looked better the second time but not perfect. I haven't decided if I will be back.
2	i came here unexpected because i needed my nail done fast. they were able to sit  with no wait. While waiting for the guy to do my nail i couldn't help but not to  notice how angry a customer was saying her pedicure look like she did and demand for them to redo it. After there redid it she still felt it didn't look professional. The guy that did my nail was a little rough.  my nail came out ok but i feel that he could have buff them so more. they  seem a but sharp and cut my skin. Also i was extremely disappointed how they charge 2 to 3 dollar more if you use a credit card. most customer use card over cash . I felt that i was being punish for not carrying cash. Prior i did wanted a polish change or my toes but that would mean i would have paid $5 extra with is a bit much. i will not return.
