3	After rushing my staging company to have a house ready for a quick listing, I felt compelled to take them to diner.  So we picked Brother's Pizza, it was close and everyone thought it would be a good idea.  Probably the most impressive part of the visit was the waitress.  She took the time to make sure everyone's needs were taken care of, including my 1 year old daughter who typically eats off of my plate got her own special noodles and butter.Surprisingly, no one really wanted pizza, instead everyone opted for pasta and I made the worst choice of all.  I picked the baked ziti, which was rather bland and boring.  I did get to sample the other dishes at the table and found the baked Lasagna was probably the best (I sensed they used sausage for the meat instead of beef).  Followed by the Manicotti, then  Fettucini Alfredo.  Next time I return, I will have to try the pizza, since that is their specialty.
3	New York style pizza by the slice at lunch, or whole pie anytime.  Good old boy's pizza shop.  Reasonable prices, casual atmosphere.  Noisy with kids on weekend evenings.
3	The best way to describes brothers pizza is "Meh"Wings are decent, fairly priced and better tasting than other places. The pizza is alright, my only gripe is that the pizza is not diabetic friendly (and  puts me in to a sugar coma after eating it). The pasta is good but not the best. Personally its ok for what it is.
2	Food scaps, napkins, straw wrappings on the floor - and only about an hour into the business day on Sunday.  Not busy either, staff chatting with each other, so clearly there's no rush to clean things up from the Saturday night business.  They offer slices every day at lunch yet there were none ready (or in the oven) when I arrived.  Fresh pizza is nice, but when you go to a place for a slice, a major motivating reason is the short time it takes to heat up a slice rather than make a whole new pizza.  Looks like I'll be going to Ray's, Jo-Jo's, or Grimaldis now.
3	3 stars-o.k.  It use to be better.  It has gotten more expensive and the quality of pizza has gone down.  Also noticed on my last visit it isn't as clean or nice as it use to be.  The booth we were in had paint peeling-very unattractive.  I would go again but only with a coupon and would choose my eating area carefully.  Also, sometimes the owners (I think might be workers) kids are there.  They are loud and not well behaved.
4	Exactly the NY style pizza taste I was craving tonight.  My only complaint was there was too much cheese/sauce so it was a little greasy and hard to eat.  Wings were good too!  Food was very hot and staff very friendly.  I called in the order for pickup and was hoping to find a menu online since we hadn't been in there but they don't have a website yet - what restaurant doens't have a website???
3	Pizza is just passable, but they do use real cheese..just not much of it.  The crust is good, tho.  It was just passable.Canolli was the usual brought-in type but good.  Whoever is making this knows what they are doing for restaurants.  Granted, this isn't like homemade canolli like grandma used to make but it does the trick of filling your sweet tooth.The staff is nice and helpful.  Just the food isn't what I would ever call "good," and, personally, I wouldn't go back there unless I were starving and needed food NOW.  Otherwise, find some other pizza joint.At least, it is cheap pizza.
3	The food can be really good but it also seems to be very inconsistent. We've even had to send it back a couple times for being completely overdone. Same thing with the wings, sometimes they're incredibly small with very little meat. When it's good it's good but when it's bad it's terrible.
4	These guys turn out consistently very good quality pizza and other food.  The only thing keeping it from five stars is sometimes the service is much slower than other times.  But because the quality is good and the price is right, we come back very regularly.Their wings are basic hot wings, but they are good.  We've had several of the pasta dishes and they are all good, particularly the manicotti.  Unfortunately that dish is consistently slower to come out of the kitchen than everything else, which means my wife is usually getting it just as I'm finishing my food.
2	Yep, just meh. The pizza is pretty big, but bigger is not always better my friends. Pizza had no flavor-I felt like I put peppers, salt, and parm on this poor piece of pizza but nothing really made it much better. Crust was also just a boring crust. Service was good-people were nice. The place was clean-had a few T.Vs around with sports and shows. Not busy at all on a Wednesday night-but not many places really are. Probably won't come back.
3	It usually happens like this: I'm driving, on my way home. I call husband and ask what he wants for dinner. After several minutes of indecisive bantering back and forth, he says "wings?" I say "sure, from where?" He says "Brothers?" I say "sure, call it in." Haven't had the pizza in quite a while, but it was alright. Obviously not fantastic, or I would remember that. And not disgusting, or I would remember that as well. They have a decent menu full of other Italian dishes and sandwiches. Not the best most awesome wings, but it's the closest and on my route home. Staff is friendly and the place is clean!
3	The thing that sets this place apart, I think, is the family atmosphere. The employees are nice, and make it an enjoyable place to eat.
3	Good quick pizza if you are starving, there is better pizza in the valley, but this place is a great sitdown place to eat. I eat here a lot, but I do believe that they could make better pizza if it was cooked with less grease smothered ingredients. Naked pizza that went out of business across the street was better tasting and healthier, so it is possible. These guys, nonetheless, do have a good cheap pizza for lunch. I reccomend it.
1	I have liked this place in the past, but it all went downhill today.  Our school's PTSA set up a fundraiser "Spirit Day" two months ago with the owner, Nick.  Today, I took my boys and their friend for lunch right after getting out of their last day of school at 12:20pm.  The boys each ordered two slices of pizza and a drink.  I let the cashier know that we were from West Wing and he looked at me very puzzled.  I told him we were from West Wing School, you know the fundraiser?  He asked if I had a flyer and I said know, but we were told it was okay to just say we were from West Wing.  So, I contacted our Spirit Dinner Nights Chair person and she spoke with him.  When he got off the phone with her, he said "Everything is all good, I've had four fundraisers this week."  No apologies, but I was happy that he said everything was good.  I talked to the Chair person and she said he would accept people saying they were from West Wing and if they had a flyer.Six slices of pizza took 40 minutes and they were soggy, dripping grease. :(  But, we still were having a good time and the pizza crust was good.We left Brothers Pizza and not even 15 minutes later I get a call from the Spirit Dinner Nights Chair and she tells me a family from West Wing just went into Brother's Pizza and told them they were from West Wing, the cashier asked if they had a flyer and they said the did not have one.  The cashier said then no money will go to West Wing from your order.  So that family walked out!Wow, I cannot believe a business would let people just walk out.  I cannot believe the owner, Nick, lied to my face and lied to my Chair person over the phone!I can promise you this, I will not go back to Brother's Pizza, nor recommend it.  Bad business, bad customer service.
2	I am very happy to say that Brother's Pizza is trying to make things right by giving West Wing School $200 from the fundraiser fiasco.  Lessons learned... better communication is the key.
3	only pizza delivery in my area. It's hit or miss but it gets the job done.
5	Love this place!!! The wings are amazing, the pizza is out if this world New York style big slices with lots of cheese! They have a wide selection of pastas salads and subs. Great for family outings a quiet night with friends or to bring a whole sports team. The brothers staff is friendly helpful and thoughtful. Has great beer prices and pizza wing combos. Would recommend to anyone!
4	Big Fan of their wings!!!! Ordered some takeout with some pizza and wings and really enjoyed it. Their hot wings are top notch and the pizza was pretty good too. The only thing about the pizza for me was just the sauce. It was not bad, but was for sure something different and it kind of threw me off. Still not bad though...They told me it would be 15-20 minutes and it was. I hate when places say its 15 -20 minutes, then you get there and its not ready. Even worse is when they say its 15-20 minutes and when you pick it up, you can tell it has been sitting a while.They were spot on with there time, and killed it with their wings. As for the sauce, I am sure it will grow on me or I will learn to appreaciate it more because I am going back.
5	Pizza and wings are always good. I always order my pizza with extra sauce. Comes out perfect every time.
3	Really good wings and pizza. The service is unfriendly and the food took a while to get to us even though we were the only ones in there at the time.
2	The problem with this place is that they are the only pizza place around and they know it. Food is fair to midland... salad was not the freshest... wings were alright... and the cheese from the pizza made it greasy. I just out that greasy pizza is caused by cheap cheese. But like I said around here it's them or nothing so suck it up buttercup.
