5	Home of the DEFCON convention.  Good facilities and great memories of this place.
5	Their suites are the best I have ever seen off the strip and the prices are so affordable I don't know why anyone would stay anywhere else in the vicinity of Alexis Park. My friends and I used to book the two story suites for proms, dances, grad parties, and birthdays, and they never got old. The location can't be better. They are between Hard Rock and Tropicana on Paradise, and close enough to all of the action of the strip and Hard Rock without being immersed in the chaos of both. There are three pools, I believe, all of which are nicely kept. It is like having your own apartment for a few nights, only with room service and a concierge. If you are planning a party or event and want to be close, but not that close to the action, Alexis Park is the suite for you. Seriously, apartments with a concierge, I think I am on to something...
5	My friends and I used to stay at Alexis Park whenever we'd take a trip to Sin City.  Not only is it inexpensive, the rooms are big, the staff is friendly, there's lots of pools, and the security is lenient - we once crammed 10 people in a one bedroom suite.  Comfortably.I almost deducted 1 star for the time we found blood on a comforter.  We called the front desk to complain, and housekeeping arrived quickly to replenish our soiled comforter.  During our check out, the clerk found out that we had a little problem with our room, so she deducted half of our fee. Alexis Park is a must if you're looking to stay off the Strip...It's right across the street from the Hard Rock hotel.
3	Nice roomy suire & reasonable pricing.  We got a queen non-smoking suite with a mini bar.  The decor of the room was renovated & quite nice, but the bathroom needed renovation to match up with the rest of the decor.  I like it here cause it was off the strip but not too far away from Las Vegas Blvd....5 minutes driving that is.The resort was probably apartments back in the days then rennovated into a hotel.I didn't like the fact that I reserved a King non-smoking room, but they gave us a smoking room when we got there.  The concierge wasn't really paying attention to our needs. However, the service of the house keeping was excellent.  She was the one that noticed that we needed non-allergenic sheets & changed them right away.  The Concierge didn't really care much.  She also drove us personally in her golf cart to show us our queen non-smoking room....Big plus in my book.Good place to stay if you are on a budget.  I would stay here again, but I would call ahead to make sure I get what I asked for. We did find a cockroach in our bathroom.
1	The longer we stayed the more they lost our rating! We were there 3 nights.It is a conveniant location, across fromt he Hard Rock.  But past that....that was about it.First our thermostat was broken.  They came to replace it and it was still broken; we were either frozen or sweating. There was mold around the tub, open holes around the sprinklers in teh ceiling and calking missing around the tub.  There overflow drain on the tub was crooked and there was alarge gap looking in to the pipe.We had friends stay here and relatives too.  Three people were staying in one room and needed to use the fold out couch.  It had no sheets or blankets.  There were none in the closet.  We started calling at 10:30pm - EVERY 1/2 hour.  They said they were bringing some and never showed up.  At 12:30am we demended to talk to the manager and he confessed that they had no sheets, blankets or towels left!!! Someone finally showed up with a pillow and blanket around 1am.  When they asked to be compensated they were rudely told that they booked on Hotels.com and got a reduced rate, so there was no way they were going to get a discount for the hell they were put through.The hot tub in the upgraded suite is a small Barrel tub on the landing 1/2 way up the stairs to the loft.  It's a joke!
4	This is where my wife and I got married on 3/21/08.  Let me give you guys the rundown.First, the price was pretty darn good--about half of what you would pay at one of the hotel/casinos on the Strip.  They don't have a casino, and that's fine for us.The room was a two story unit with a jacuzzi tub halfway up the stairs.  It was like a little apartment and we really loved it.  Room service was fine, but one of the cleaning people took the top off of the complementary bottle of champagne that we were given for our wedding--this was disconcerting.  The hotel replaced it for no charge.The one thing that I would not recommend is the restaurant in the lobby.  The menu was pretty monotonous and lacking in variety.  The steak I had was good but fairly fatty.  The vegetables were dry and flavorless, and the "jasmine rice" had no jasmine, only butter.  There was only one server, and service was pretty sparse despite the fact that there were few people in the restaurant at the time.Overall, we had a wonderful experience at the Alexis Park and will go back.  I just recommend to all people going there:1.  Watch your stuffand2.  Eat somewhere else.
3	I remember staying here maybe about 6-7 years ago. I thought it was great for the price I had to pay. Alexis park is definitely value if you are looking a spacious spot not too far away from the strip. The strip is probably 5 minutes away and definitely walking distance. The suites were quite big, and they had a huge court yards for weddings etc. I wouldnt call this a hook up joint, but more for older couples that are looking to stay away from the action.
2	Big rooms for sure. Lots of pools, if you are into that. Not very expensive. BUT...Place kind of feels like death. I don't really know why, it just seems so disconnected from all the awesomeness happening on the strip. You think its close to the strip, but it really isn't that close...its a good 20 minute walk. The Hard Rock is across the way though...A/C in the rooms was clearly an add on after the places were built. They are pretty much the window units you had in college. Note that these make controlling the temperature damn near impossible. Not to mention the remote you use to control these things makes no sense. It flashes crazy numbers at you, then beeps mockingly at you. I'm a computer nerd and yelled "PC LOAD LETTER!!!" at it. No instructions were included...probably because if you need instructions on how to operate a thermostat, your thermostat is far too complicated. Good luck on getting Grandma to figure it out.Shower head is positioned about 3 feet up the shower wall, thus making it useful for dwarfs, midgets, and puppies only. The fireplace in my room didn't work, the TV in the bedroom didn't work. The TV in the living room had the crappiest speakers on the face of the planet. I couldn't understand anything people were saying on TV since the sound coming out of them was so garbled. Although I didn't try, I hypothesized that I would be able to make the dialog from "Without a Trace" sound a lot better using only my ass cheeks.I was here for a conference, so they provided box lunches. The stuff they serve you is very reminiscent of your middle school cafeteria...yikes.Stay on the strip. You're in Vegas for godsakes. If you want cheap check out the Casino Royale.
1	After our wonderful experience here in March '08, we decided to give the Alexis Park another go.  We almost wish we didn't.We weren't here 30 minutes when our car was broken into in the parking lot.  This REALLY sucked big time.  This place is not in a very good neighborhood and if you park near the front, your car is vulnerable.  The security service is sparse (only a couple of guys) and watches two hotels at the same time.To make matters worse, my wife went into the hot tub to calm her nerves, and a broken spigot on the jets started spraying water down to the lower level, almost ruining my laptop and getting all over the room television.  In addition, we were paying for a room that had a fireplace, only to find that this building and five others in the complex didn't have gas.  To top it off, the toilet downstairs just kept running and running and you had to fiddle with it inside the tank in order to get it to stop.  Chipped paint on the banisters and intermittent internet only served to make a shabby room seem even shabbier despite the ornate initial impression.  The hotel credited us one night and found us another room that had fewer features, the same chipped paint, another broken hot tub spigot, but, lo and behold, a working fireplace--what a gas.  We decided not to make the change.All together, we lost a night's sleep, my GPS unit, my wife's dress coat, and my stepdaughter's Christmas presents--about $600 worth of stuff, plus another $280 getting my window replaced, and the hotel manager just smiled and said that he wasn't responsible--whatever.  I WON'T be coming back to this place.  It is absolutely sucktastic.  Whatever you get in low rates just isn't worth this garbage.
1	Stayed here for 1 night last March of 2007 for what reason, don't even ask me.  But I got ripped off that night.  I should've just got shitfaced that night and passed out on the sidewalk on the strip while waiting for my friends to fly in the next day and for us all to check into our room.  Could've saved myself a good $200+.Last time I'm not buying my plane ticket right  when my friend's buy theirs.  Thought I'd be saving money, but I ended up spending a lot more.  Should've just paid an extra $100 for that flight, especially since my friend got us a free 2 nights at Bally's comped on his player's card.
3	We roll up about 4PM and get checked in quickly then head to the room to relax and have a drink before we hit the strip and grab a bite.  So we go check out our crown suite, it's 2 stories and includes a little kitchenette with all the necessities well except for silverware. Regardless, there is a fridge, microwave, and coffee maker so at this point we were golden.  We then head upstairs to check it out and in the middle of the stairs there was a whirlpool tub, with a view of...well the other hotel rooms LOL. A bit strange for my taste, but interesting to say the least.  Then up the stairs was the "master bedroom" which was a bit nicer and a little more modern. The upstairs bathroom was weird too because the shower had 2 heads...hmmm I guess 2 heads really are better than 1.  So everything appeared to be fine at this point until we came back from dinner to watch a little TV while we got ready to go out...dun dun dun *insert suspense music here* the down stairs TV reception was horrible I don't even think they had cable and when we went back upstairs we found that the AC was not working and it felt like an oven.  Fortunately it was not the middle of the summer, we called the maintenance people and they were there quickly to attempt to remedy the issue.  Sad to say they were not able to fix the AC and by the time we came back to see about changing rooms all the rooms were already booked and they were unable to accommodate us, however they did give us 2 free breakfast buffets.  Everything ended up working out okay in the end :)  If you do experience issues with your AC call right away though because the maintenance people only work certain hours.  The upside to this place is that it is really close to the Hard Rock and a really great sushi place across the street from the Hard Rock.  Would I stay here again...? Most likely no, there is so much to explore in Vegas that you can stay somewhere different every time you visit!
4	To put it bluntly, this place is a dive.  Plain and simple.  But.... at $60 a night, 2 beds, couch, 2 tvs, fridge & 3 outdoor pools with very lenient security, what a deal.  It's right across from the hard rock, has a decent bar right outside the lobby, and is within walking distance to the double down.Going with a lady?  Pony up and stay at a classier place, but going with some friends and adventuring out to see the town, not just hang out where you are staying, this place is perfect.  We brought a cooler and drug it down to the pool, at 3am, no questions asked.Also--they gave us a free 1pm late checkout on Sunday.
3	I stayed here on a companys dime, and I really was quite pleased. The rooms were clean, and the pools were beautiful. The main pool is something to see, and there is an additional pool which is not-so-impressive but still nice. It's a little far from the strip, but you can always just take a taxi.No complaints other than the location.
4	I stayed there for 4 nights and was very comfy! there is a cute little kitchen and they leave you a basket with cheese,crackers,and fruit. beds were very comfy! will come back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	I'm conflicted about this place.  I wouldn't recommend it if you're coming to Vegas to gamble and party, unless you have a rock-solid designated driver who is skilled at negotiating maze-like construction.  There's no casino and it's about a mile from the Strip. It is across the street from the Hard Rock Casino, although making the trek across construction-ridden Harmon Avenue is a suicide mission right now.   I was just driving through from Colorado, so I was happy to find a cheap place that accepted dogs.  The lobby was very pretty and the desk clerks, both at check-in and check-out were very friendly and polite.My room was clean and spacious, but it was in the middle of a bong convention.  Sorry, "blown glass artist convention" was how it was described to me by the front desk clerk.  No mention of the hemp wick, incense, or measuring scales dealers, although they were plentiful as well.  Whatever.  I don't partake in that pastime, but I don't mind others doing it, as long as they're quiet.  These were the first loud stoners I've ever encountered, and they kept me awake by standing outside of my door and sporadically yelling "Woooooooo!" at whatever their baked little brains felt was entertaining.   I don't blame the hotel for this, but I do question why I was put in the middle of the weed festival, when there were clearly loads of rooms available.   Also, one of the bong-display trucks took up about a dozen parking spaces in front of my room, so I had to park in front of the next building over, and make my way with two dogs and an overnight bag through the party-goers and a huge puddle caused by a water-pipe leak.  At least, I hope that's what the puddle was.  I was too tired and it was too much of a hassle to ask for another room, so I put a pillow over my head and finally fell asleep.  So, it wasn't awful, but I'd hesitate to stay there again until after the construction is finished and I purchased some good quality ear plugs.
4	I enjoyed staying at the Alexis Park with my two good buddies. The place is very clean, and at $80 a night during a peak weekend, it was a steal. It's not the most bumpin' place, but it's across the street from the Hard Rock, and a 20 minute walk to the Strip.The staff is very courteous and has a good attitude. The rooms have a lot of space and worked well for the three of us. I would definitely stay again.
2	Not too sure what I should say about this place.  Went to it because it was recommended by AAA as "family friendly".  The pros: Is certainly very convenient, parking is plentiful, and (very importantly) you can park very close to your room.  Very family friendly (for Vegas) - no need to shield the kids' eyes.  Easy drive to most attractions.  They serve a good (but pricey) breakfast.  The cons: Looks like a dump from the outside.  Rooms are ok - we paid for a suite, which was not cheap - fireplaces did not work, 1 TV did not work (although 2 others did).  Bathrooms do not have lockable doors - a major problem when you have teenage kids.   Room service did not show up for one of the three days we stayed - fortunately we had enough towels to go around - we discovered this after returning late at night, and didn't have the patience to call the front desk.  The front desk people are barely polite, but moderately efficient. Bottom line : you can do much better.
1	I read another review that summed it up by saying "This place is a dive." It is old and tired. The "bigger bed" that I was offered upon check-in turned out to be a queen, not a king. It is a motel, you drive to your room, which isn't a bad thing since you may be able to keep an eye on your car. I was amazed in the morning when the wheels were still on mine. The furniture is old and worn out as is the carpet. I spent about 6 hours in this place and was happy to get out. It isn't that they don't care, it seems they do, but it is like putting lipstick on a pig. If you are used to Motel 6, by all means stay at this "Resort" and enjoy, otherwise pony up another 10 bucks and stay somewhere decent.
1	If I could give this place 0 stars, I would. From the moment we checked in, we were treated poorly by the staff - the woman working the front desk asked us to take a seat while she "saw what she could do" about our reservation, even though we had successfully booked it prior to checking in and had the confirmation number in hand. What she actually did was check in every single person in line behind us, not bothering to address our reservation until we interrupted her and asked what was going on (a good 20 minutes later.) I'm not sure how us essentially losing our place in line translated as her "seeing what she could do."But it gets worse. We had a few friends visit our room, and apparently the security guards saw them through our window (creepy much?) They proceeded to bust into the room, kicking every person out and searching places as strange as beer bottles for "anything they should know about."We talked to the manager about this, who assured us that it was fine to have additional guests as long as they weren't spending the night. I'm not sure if the manager talked to the security guards about their behavior, but it was extremely inappropriate and uncalled for.If you want to be treated like a teenager having a party in your parents' house or a felon, then stay here. Their rooms have a nice something-died-in-here scent to set the ambiance, too. Alexis Park should spend more time finding the cause of that smell than searching beer bottles for contraband.
1	My husband and I are really chill and laid back folks. We are not extremely picky and need the glitz and glam. They had a great deal for only $42 per night for the weekend. I knew I was taking a chance when I booked this place through travelocity. We have stayed at plenty of places off the strip and all around that area. I figured this would be the same. Boy was I wrong!! The front desk staff was very nice and provided great service. The lobby looked nice, but you can tell by looking around the property, it was going to be iffy. They are in the process of remodeling the rooms. Our room (monarch suite) was roomy and at a quick glance looked nice. Parts of the bathroom was just old, worn, and dirty. The shower head was way too low! I'm 5'5" and it was just above my head. My poor husband is 6'1" and he had a tough time showering. The housekeeper crew came around every day and did a fantastic job. Overall, we will not stay here again, because the place is just dingy. I can't complain too much because we paid $42/night for the weekend.
1	Never Again.  We had two people in our room, with three computers (two were mine: a little Acer for presenting panels, and a bigger one for watching DVDs)--they charged us $40 dollars a night for accessing the internet......because they charge you by IP Address!  This is such a scam.  The room was $70 dollars, but using the internet totaled $40?The women managing the front desk, were giggling and smirking amongst themselves as I was trying to explain to them that they double and triple billed me.  They offered worth quips like "would you like to talk to COX Digital Services?" Later on, while hanging out in the lobby, someone got his car window broken into and his stuff stolen, and the manager was just smirking and repeating that they "are not responsible for stolen property."  As if she dealt with this daily.Aside from that fiasco.  The $70 suites were great.  And I was fully intending on being a repeat customer with them....until I saw them repeatedly ripping of the guests over the internet (NO-ONE checking out knew they were going to get double and triple billed.  Many of these other guests felt scammed.)I'd rather stay as an honest establishment.I put pricey, because I was expecting to pay 140, and my bill was 230.
4	Hotel hosts the las Vegas comedy show w/ Joe Lowers.  Funny funny, always different, seen the show more than once & it was different each time & hilarious.  Sit in front at your own risk.  Well doesnt matter where u sit, u will become part of the show.  Local specials.
2	Ok let me start this by saying it was only $55 for a night.  So for a place to crash this is an ok hotel the suite was 450 sq ft.  had a microwave, fridge, and a coffee maker.  Overall the hotel looked ok but there were some shady people walking around and I put my car right by front doors so it was watched and under lights all night.  There was some construction going on and at 8am jackhammers and such were going off.  Not the alarm you want when you got in at 4am from the bar.  So the shower was nice kitchen was cheap and old couch was nice bedroom tv nice other one not so much.  Bed was good enough and the fireplace in bedroom was for display no fire which was kinda lame.  I don't know that I would ever stay here again but it was cheap and right across street from Hard Rock which is where I was for the evening so it worked.
4	Right across the street from the Hard Rock, Alexis is a non-gaming resort with a variety of suites offered. It was the perfect setting for my slumber party! I originally booked a suite at my beloved Hard Rock hotel but I switched to Alexis per the Hard Rock's fine print: $50 additional fee per night minimum per additional guest above two! I know that people sneak etc. But I am not very sneaky! The Hard Rock is also notorious for charging $500. fees for bumping bottles in the mini bar. Party girls can not be trusted with a bump-charging mini bar! There were two suites to choose from, the other had a fireplace in the bedroom which would have been great for a romantic couple. I chose mine for its proximity to the parking and pool. Only $78.20 for a last minute Saturday night after tax! Happy wallet! I booked the Alexis Park resort for a girl's night out weekend with low expectations. I wanted a spacious suite to make sure my four+ gal pals were comfortable. We had the time of our lives. At least I did!:-) The lobby is stunning, with marble floors, fresh flowers, an unlocked grand piano (they let you play if you are a scholar like yours truly) and a twinkling Christmas tree. Check in was a breeze, the service was perfect. Far beyond expectations. (five stars) If you have been to Vegas before, you know how long it can take to walk to the car, to the room or to the pool. All the while you are breathing in about ten cartons of second-hand cigarettes, as your senses are attacked by slot machine screams. -No mi gusta. None of that nonsense here friends. None of your glorious party time is wasted. After checking in, I drove around to the back of the resort and parked less than 20 paces from my ground-floor two-room suite. (# 2201, I believe it was) Enormous! The marble wet bar is decked out with bar stools, a coffee maker, a stainless steel sink, cupboards-a-plenty and a microwave. The coffee provided was not bad! We loaded up the fridge with bottles of champagne stat. Closets galore, a HUGE living room with posh chairs, a couch with a King size pull-out bed, a TV and enough floor space to practice our break dancing moves, which we took full advantage of. The amazing vanity area (blow dryer included) provides enough mirror space for two or three girls to primp at once. The bathroom is stocked with premium Body-Shop bath products, quality bath towels and a huge 10 jet jacuzzi tub! Bubble bath- loving girls rejoice! Once again, we took full advantage! The bedroom was smartly furnished in taupe, chocolate and beige. A dresser, two nightstands and two Queen sized beds. I hope I have more pictures to post of this suite. I saw some yelp photographs that looked nothing like the place that I stayed. My suite was prefect. (five stars) The grounds are lush, the grass is green and ten paces from my suite, there are three pools to choose from. Crazy cold! Julia, you are nuts for making me jump in that thing! The jacuzzi was great, hot, bubbly and serene. Most important: Not over chlorinated. There are large towels available at the pool, tables, chairs and a water fountain. The location is about five minutes from the strip. (three stars) I get the impression that the lower-priced suites upstairs and around corridors are not as posh as mine. My advice? Ask the hotel manager to show you what is available before committing. If you want to gamble right outside your door? This is not for you. If you come to Vegas sans car, this is not for you. If you want to break dance in your living room, play the lobby grand piano, get to your car or the pool Dukes-of-Hazard-fast, fill a refrigerator with champagne and jump in your Jacuzzi bath tub with your four favorite gal pals after wild nights of dancing? This is for you! I had the time of my life here. I have stayed at the Venetian, Paris, Harrah's, Imperial Palace, The Tropicana, Bally's, Cesar's Palace, the Rio and The Hard Rock hotel. This was my favorite Vegas trip EVER. Some things are so fun, they should be illegal.:-) Alexis was very recently remodeled and updated. I was one of the first occupants post remodel. The older linens etc. from past photographs are current no longer:-)
4	Great hotel. We were the last to check in at 2am on Friday during CES and ended up with what was basically a large apartment. The beds were comfy, it felt decadent having three bathrooms and the fireplace was great.The only complaint is that for such a large hotel, it seems ridiculous to only have one hot tub. There were three pools, one was closed and only one hot tub. Unfortunately, whenever I wanted to use it, it was full of drunk frat boys. Oh well, no one can be perfect.
4	Off the Strip and across the street from the Hard Rock Hotel, this hotel is a hidden gem in Vegas.  It's a bit older, but they've done a great job of renovating it and keeping it from falling into disrepair.The rooms are large and some face the interior courtyard where the pool is.  The ground floor rooms facing the pool are the best because you can lounge right outside your bedroom door and enjoy the pool & sun.  The rates are pretty good too.....typically 20-30% less than Strip hotels.  The downside is that there is no casino and other amenities found at the big places......Nightclubs, Ultra Lounges, Pool Parties, etc.When friends ask me for an alternative to staying on the Strip, this place is at the top of my list.  If you want something different, give this place a try.Return Factor - 90%
4	Stayed here twice and was completely satisfied both times. It's not a luxury resort of course, but if you a limited on funds and looking for comfort, this is the best bet. The set up is unlike most of the hotels in Vegas. It's set up like an apartment complex, which gives you a feel of "home" as opposed to "amusement park" as many of the other hotels in Vegas feel like.Great location, right across the street from the Hard Rock and only a short taxi ride from the strip. Huge Rooms for such a affordable price! You can comfortably fit 4 people in the rooms with 2 beds, but the couch is also a pull out which can fit up to 3 people, plus all the floor space. So if you're looking for a party room this could be your place. Room includes a separate living room, 2 entrances to the restroom (good for when you need privacy in the bedroom), and a mini kitchen. And this is only the cheapest room option! Overall Alexis is a great for a short trip to Sin City, but exceptional if you are there for a longer stay, especially for the price you pay!Tip: try to get a room on the 2nd floor, so you don't get woken up early after a long night on the town to people running around upstairs...
4	This review is for the showroom only:I have been here for 3 shows.  They call their little showroom off the lobby the Las Vegas Comedy Showroom.  Tonight I saw Robert Nash--All Wrapped Up In Characters.  Nash in an excellent impressionist doing most of the standard impersonations--Satchmo, Elvis, Dean Martin, Robert DeNiro et. al.The showroom is small, perhaps holding 150 people.  There is no bad seat and it's quite comfortable.The Alexis Park is a nice property.  I'll be back for more shows and to try their restaurant.
2	I feel as though people have a "token" trip to Vegas that they always compare future trips to. For some people, this trip is characterized by the movie 'The Hangover;' but, for me, it revolves around a stay with friends at The Palms Place. This is not The Palm Place, nor is it the penthouse at Caesar's. With that in mind, here we go... The Alexis Park property is a pleasant place to be. Keeping in mind that only one of the three pools are heated (and the heated pool looked green with algae), you will want to dive in with caution. Contrary to popular belief, hot temperatures outside does not always correlate to a warm pool experience. The room was nice enough, and the nightly fee (we paid $43.00 per night - ask for AAA discount) hit the spot. It was nice to have the kitchenette available to store our Gatorade & vodka and the separate bedroom was classy. My main concern involves the bathroom. The Bath and Body Works soap/shampoo samples couldn't make up for the fact that the ventilation window opened-up to the main walkway outside. The only way to ventilate the bathroom was to open the sliding window; but, the window didn't have a screen, nor was there a set of blinds keeping people from looking-in from the walkway. Your only options were to take a shower in a sauna (not my preferred sensation) or risk that people would see you toweling off. Maybe I'm making a mountain out of a molehill; but, a fan inside the bathroom would have been a simple solution. Fair warning: There is no casino; but, the Hard Rock Hotel is a short Jaywalk across the main road. Truth be told, you don't spend too much time in your hotel room in Vegas; but, some of the time will be spent in the bathroom. That considered, I would stay here again - just make sure you're in good shape in case someone walks by.
1	If I could give 0 stars...I would. This place was the worst place I have ever been to in my entire life! The first night, we stayed in a room that had tub that looked over a century old, dead spider on the floor, no real blankets on the bed, loud portable a/c unit, one box of soap to be shared w/ the tub & sink. In addition, the only dinky towel rack available is barely above the toilet (if you hang the towel, it is totally touching the toilet itself). The shower head barely above face level (and I'm only 5'3"). Also, there are LOUD airplanes constantly flying right above the room.  Trust me...it was BAD!! Since we booked 2 nights, we requested a different room for the 2nd night. They did comp us for our first night...since it was absolutely horrendous in there. The 2nd room was slightly better..but still had a disgusting tub. Also, we were rudely awoken by a LOUD leaf blower for over an HOUR @ 9am. I'm sorry...but if I'm in VEGAS...there's no way in hell I want to be up at 9am. I hate this place & I will NEVER EVER go back.
4	Well the parking lot is a little small. So if you have a big vehicle VALET IT. I came here for a Improv Comedy show. The Lobby looks good nice spacious seats and couches to relax on. No slot machines which can be a good or bad thing depending on how you look at it. The property is clean, so is the lobby. And friendly staff. I may just have to book a room here at some point when im back in town.
3	This hotel is what it is. It appears to have been studio apartments. It's kept OK. It's not new. It was very functional, not quite a mile off the strip and reasonably priced.  It was simply OK.  We didn't appreciate opening the door and finding a scorpion in the light fixture, but they moved us rooms and we never saw another bug.
4	I was a guest at Alexis Park Resort for my 25th birthday last month and again for a friend's birthday this past weekend, and I have to say that I am impressed with this resort's offerings.The location could be construed as inconvenient for the Las Vegas traveler considering its location off of The Strip, but if you choose to take a taxi you won't be set back any more than around seven or eight dollars. And I actually preferred this placement because of the fact that the more civilian friendly places like banks, fast food, liquor stores, and the like are all located at a respectable distance, and that definitely appeals to me as someone that does not always want to pay The Strip prices for things like ATM withdrawals and liquor. Both instances I stayed I paid about $150 dollars for a Thursday through Sunday stay, and this got me a one-bedroom suite. The suites themselves were fantastic for the price, clean and comfortable and nicely appointed beds, spacious living area with lots of seating, decently sized TV, and a clean and decently spacious bathroom. The grounds remind me more of an average apartment complex more than a resort, but this isn't completely a bad thing. The three pools the resort offers are nice, but a bit on the small side, and on my stays I had to go on a hunt for an ice machine that actually worked. From my anecdotal sampling on my wanderings around the property the other guests seemed to be mostly families and older couples, nothing rowdy or exciting to the found at this hotel, if you want rowdy you're spitting distance from the Hard Rock Hotel.The service was pleasant, not very above-and-beyond but nice enough that I felt my presence was appreciated. The remote to my living room TV was missing and it took literally around four or five hours and four phone calls to finally get one, but I didn't take it too personally since the man was so courteous and apologetic when he did show up. The check-out and check-in process was a little slow, but that could just be owed to the people's issues and not to the service. Overall, if you can overlook the distance from The Strip and ho-hum atmosphere you'll definitely be saving yourself some money while staying in a decent-looking room.
4	You get a lot of bang for your buck at the Alexis. I was in room 1452 which has a hot tub halfway up the stairs to the bedroom loft. I paid about as much as I would for a night in a Comfort Inn in Anywhere, USA. The front room is huge with an uber-comfortable sectonal sleeper sofa. It has a half-bathroom and a small kitchenette sans a stove. The loft above has a fireplace, its own tv, and a king-size bed. The shower is in the bathroom upstairs. I saw it had two shower heads when I first inspected the room. I thought that was a very cool feature. Unfortunately, I soon found out one of the heads was not functional. This is typifies the feel of the Alexis; a resort amidst renewal. It's looks like they're playing catch-up to previously letting the place go for too long. The fitness room equipment is barely functional. The poolside hot tub is strategically covered and used as a platform for a table and chairs. I would imagine one's experience would depend greatly on which room they were given.The staff was very helpful and friendly. I would definitely come back here for one of the better off-strip choices available.
5	Hadn't stayed here since 2001 and it was a pretty nice place back then, it still is but the property is starting to show it's age. For the price, it was beyond what I expected. The actual room was like a timeshare complete with a separate living and bedroom. There is also a kitchen that has a sink, refrigerator, and microwave. I was told by the front desk person that they are undergoing renovations but I thought the decor was modern and nice. I would definitely recommend  this hotel for those who don't mind being right off the strip. Only about a $5 (including tip) cab ride to the strip.
4	Party like a rock star at Hard Rock, on the budget of a mere groupie!Alexis Park is a short jaywalk across the street from Hard Rock.  The smallest room at AP (2 twin beds) is actually HUGE, and includes a couch, kitchenette (small fridge/freezer/microwave), and a makeshift bar.  Some of the larger suites (all rooms are "suites" at Alexis Park) are two stories, and include the aforementioned amenities, as well as a jacuzzi tub.  Either (or any for that matter) room style is a steal for the price, and unbelievably spacious and condo-like.Keep in mind:-  There is no casino attached to AP.-  AP is a mile or two off the strip.-  Although not in poor shape, AP could definitely use some touch ups/remodeling here and there.  I would not say it's luxurious by any measure, but certainly acceptable.-  You'll be signing an actual "no party" agreement upon check in.  :PAll in all, Alexis Park surprised me.  Pleasantly.  These might be the cheapest suites in Vegas!  If Hard Rock is sold out, or maybe out of your budget, I'd definitely recommend AP!Tip: Don't forget to check for their "free breakfast" promo on their website.  I didn't wake up early (or stay up late) enough to make it on time to try it, but it doesn't hurt to at least get the vouchers just in case.
5	OK. Please don't be mad at me. I did not stay at this place. However, after you read my review you will realize why I HAD to write it. Anyhow, here is the story. We had to be picked up here by our tour bus(even though we stayed at a Hyatt place). I was sitting by their couches and checking FB(of course!) I later realized, we were about to go to the DAM tour when this happened. I had lost my wallet. I felt like the world ended. How would I go back home without an ID??? I had $200 cash in my wallet. The bus driver offered to take my friend and I to the police station where I could file a report. Well, this is where Kismet or Karma comes in... I receive a call on my phone from the staff of the hotel saying that they found my wallet! lucky me I had written my cell phone number. I could not believe my ears.. oh and the cash was all there! now that Is unheard of!! I went back- identified the wallet and gave a tip to the security guy that called me and the cleaning woman that had found it. They saved me tons of trouble. So grateful for those people that work there:)
2	pretty bad. the rug/matt just outside the door was soaked and I didn't know it so when I walked into my room my entire foot got soaked with water and I drug water into the room. shitty tv in the living room. Leon was really nice and helpful, a staffer at the hotel.This place is pileville. The restroom in the lobby is a dilapidated dumper. Aside from this, it's like an apartment. If I was going to Vegas I would not stay here. $12.99 for 24 hours of wifi. That's a joke!
1	We all have those stories of a nightmare experience at a hotel or restaurant that really got in the way of a good trip or memory. For us it is the Alexis Park "Resort". I'll save everybody time and just say our room was dirty when we arrived, the shower inoperable, mystery stains on chair and magazine and the front desk was never apologetic, just rude. Kicker? No maid service showed up on our trip, we had to keep calling front desk and they would say: "ok sir we know" and hang up before ever considering apologizing or allowing me a reply. Do Vegas a favor and let this Miserable Dog go out of business.
3	As a local I was going out hard on the strip for a concert and knew that none of the people in our group wanted to drive home (aka we all wanted to drink and not risk a DUI).  Anyway this hotel is a great location and decently priced.  The reason i gave it not so great a review is cause the outside walkways and everything are kind of jenky.  The room inside however is fairly decent.  Everything that we needed with a seperate bedroom and living room so that everyone passed out as they wanted to.  I didn't check in or out so I am not sure how nice the staff is.  but ok it if you can get it for less than a hundred.
3	Ok hotel for a decent price. The room is set up similar to a studio; the living room is attached to the kitchenette and bedroom. Everything in the room is on the older side, especially the fixtures in the bathroom and in the kitchenette. The flat screen tv is set up in an awkward area between the  "bedroom" and the "living room". My boyfriend and I checked in on Friday morning to discover that they were fertilizing the grassy area. Not the smartest move on the hotels part. Manure sitting out in the hot Las Vegas sun equals an all out attack on your olfactory bulbs. Why not do this on weekdays when there are less guests? The pros:Cheaply priced room only a mile away from the strip and across the street from the hard rock cafe/casinoFriendly staffIf the Alexis Park Resort updated the fixtures in their rooms and made smarter landscaping decisions it would have gotten a four out of five stars.
5	VERY QUIET!!  If you are looking for a good night sleep and no noise, this is the place to be - I love Vegas but don't like a noisy room and I actually want to sleep at night so when we found this place I was in Heaven - great prices and nice pool and within walking / driving distance from all the fun stuff - LOVE IT!!!
1	This was booked sight unseen for one night while in town for a seminar, the website looked like it was ok, at least decent for a 3 star. It was an $18 cab ride from the airport, not too far, right across from HardRock if you want to gamble as there is nothing here. Upon arrival I was completely in shock, there were HUNDREDS of people dressed in costumes, some inappropriate for their age as it was obvious they were minors. Apparently they are the host hotel for an anime convention or something yet when I looked on the website there was not ANYTHING that would tell me that. (I suggested to the rude man at check out that might be an option in the future instead of having angry patrons, he said "Umm, ya maybe" !??! Long story short...No sleep due to all the noise through the early am, complaining wouldn't have mattered, it was everywhere! Clean enough room, sit in the right place to change channels, shower is made for a midget. rooms are a LONG ways from the main lobbyCheck in was friendly, check out, short heavy balding rude manCouldn't get out of there soon enough.Would avoid at all costs if possible, there are definitely more decent places........
5	This hotel is super clean, close to the strip, and is great with parking. I was so surprised when I came here and saw that there was a Jacuzzi in our room! AWESOME!!!! There's a living room with a restroom,  TV & a bar attached with a microwave. Oh! and the couch is a pull out couch so you can turn it into a bed if you wanted to have more people stay over. The couch is kinda springy though, so i suggest using padding or asking for extra pillows or something. Upstairs is the bedroom, with a big clean bathroom, & tv. The shower in the bathroom is awesome. There's 2 shower heads so you can either, Shower with water hitting you both sides so you won't get cold (which is what I did heh heh heh) or you can shower with your significant other, great for budget honeymoons or what not. :) Downstairs of the hotel is the gym, and awesome swimming pool.  Check out this place if you're on a budget for a hotel! :)
2	Clean but outdated rooms. Lots of airport noise and no vending machines with snacks. I would not repeat another stay here. Too many other reasonably priced options.
2	There are two kinds of hotels, those that have real hangers and those that have hangers permanently attached to the rod.  I guess if you're worried about your clientele stealing your hangers, you don't have time to do things like update your rooms more than once every 30 years.  Or clean them.  This place looks like a mediocre set of off campus apartments at a big university.
3	Booked this as an HQ for CES. We were lucky enough to get one of their recently updated rooms. Not too many people stayed here during the event, so parking was always available. Plus, it's half a block away from The Strip, so getting around wasn't a problem. However, we didn't get to take advantage the shuttle for CES here, because we just couldn't make the cut-off time on their schedule. As for the room, the beds seemed a bit small, the bedroom could use some brighter lighting, and it would have been nice if the kitchen had at least a microwave in addition to the sink and coffee maker. Other than that, no other downsides about the place. I hope they can work their way up with the improvements.
4	Every year I head to Vegas for the AVN Expo and this year it moved from the Venetian to the Hard Rock.  I decided early on not to stay at the Hard Rock, mostly in part to the $169 a night rate, which would of brought my total to well over $500 before taxes.  Once I found out that the Alexis Park Resort was across the street from the Hard Rock, I booked immediately.  The location and convenience sealed the deal and I was looking at $300 for the four night stay.The shuttle ride from the airport to Alexis Park Resort was incredibly short and I was the first person dropped off. The exterior of the hotel is surprisingly nice and resembled something tropical with its Spanish decor.  I was a little worried about my early checkin, but the front office had no problem with me being over four hours early.  Checking in was a breeze and the employee handed me a map of the property, which looked quite extensive.The property has about 18 buildings, which resemble a condo or apartment complex.  In addition to those 18 buildings is three separate pools, four or five ballrooms, a restaurant and bar, a chapel, and a gym.  Two of the three pools were closed, but the pool that was open did have a hot tub, which is all I wanted, especially since the pool was not heated and was freezing.As for the room, I chose a room on the second floor of one of the buildings.  The room was impressive for the money. It was not a hotel room, but an apartment.  The room included a wet bar with stools, a sink, refrigerator, coffee maker, ice bucket, and microwave. The adjoining room had a desk, coffee table, sofa, and a TV.  As for the sleeping headquarters, it consisted of two twin beds and a flat-panel TV, with the bathroom connected.I was thoroughly satisfied with my stay. If there was anything I did not like, it was the AC/heating machine. I felt the room was hot all the time. I played with the thermostat, but it didn't improve much and hotels don't allow their windows to open. I managed to get the room temperature down, but it's obvious that they need new machines. WIFI is not free and they do charge per day/per device, which could easily add up with tablets, laptops, smart phones, etc.  The property does have many other amenities, but I was unable to partake. I did however get a drink at their bar, which was a reasonable $10 for a Long Island.  For those looking to save a few bucks, I highly recommend Alexis Park, as I was able to stay a Wed-Sun for $278 including taxes.
1	I will NEVER stay here ever again! I don't even know where to begin! Let's just start from the beginning. A friend and I decided to come to Vegas because of the groupon deal they were running ($99 for 2 nights in the 2 story suite). They didn't have that sort of room available so we received a complementary DOWNgrade in the very back of the resort. The manager who checked us in informed us a $50 hold needed to put on my card for "incidentals" we said that was fine and headed to our room. Before we even got unpacked I had a notification from my bank that $168 was withdrawn by the hotel. I called the front desk they said it was a "computer glitch" and was told to come back up and they would fix it. So we hiked it all the way to the front (it was a good 5 minute walk with a temperature of about 52 degrees) and were told the same manager would help me. He ignored us for about 15 minutes and helped multiple other guests before he was reminded we were there, as I went to wave at him I hit my drink and of course it spills all over the desk and onto the keyboard. He takes the keyboard in the back for 30 seconds and then tells me they can't fix it and I'll have to pay for a new one, they're about $300. I'm assuming the look on my face said it all because he proceeded to name about 4 different lower prices. I woke up the next morning to discover ANOTHER $25 charge that they couldn't explain. Again I had to go back up and deal with that. They charged me $50 for the keyboard and when i tried to speak to a supervisor it was apparently her day off. We left a day early because we were so sick of it all, I spent about 2 hours total in the office trying to fix all this and had to walk to the office and back about 6 different times. Theres also random cats running around the property and seriously loud birds that love to squak right outside your room at 7 am . Its about $10 to get to the strip and The cabs only come to the lobby so be prepared to walk if you're in the back! On a plus note if you like planes you're in luck because it's literally a stones throw from the airport (maybe 1/4 mile) and you can listen to every single airplane take off and land because they fly right over your room! This place is a joke.
1	Oh also I have been trying to reach the managers for a week now, I tried 2 different managers multiple times and have left 4 voicemails with absolutely no response! So of you do stay here, do so at your own risk because if they start randomly charging your credit card hundreds of dollars like they did mine (and blaming it on "computer glitches) don't expect their help to fix it!
1	This Hotel doesn't even deserve a 1 star. A motel in Vegas would be a better choice if your looking for an affordable hotel. Motel 6 is cheaper and the rooms are basically the same. Cheap! The old white guy in a yellow shirt they call  The Security Guard was an a-hole. You know, the type of guy who enjoys their plastic badge and takes advantage of power trip that wasn't at all necessary in a situation. And their receptionist was the cherry on top. Hotel staff was the worst. I have never been to a hotel that made me feel so unwanted and unwelcomed. I have been to almost all the hotels in Vegas and Alexis Park Hotel is by far the worst hotel ever.
4	I stay at the Alexis Park Resort Every Year for a convention.My last visit was  early April 2012It is a very good value and I recommend it.Know when you book that not all of the "suites" are truly two rooms with a separate bedroom with door that closes.While not the newest  hotel property in Las Vegas they  have undertaken a  lot of renovation and the last time I stayed there    my   room was freshly renovated.The exercise room has new equipment and is very nice i found the desk staff helpful and professional,  especially Manager Angela Lee who helped me  by transferring a deposit from one room to another
3	Good rooms at a decent price, however....We came in with a truck that was hitched to a trailer. I (being a girl) could not take the trailer off the truck at the hotel. It was too heavy and I had no equipment to life it off the truck hitch. The front desk told me to park sideways, taking up a few spots near the back of the lot, which was wide open. Soon I was getting in trouble by the resort security for double parking. They were going to write me a ticket, but once I explained my situation they allowed me to move my truck further back in the lot for my stay. I could appreciate that, because while, yes, I had been told to park where I was and how I was, the security officer could have technically given me a ticket anyways, which he didn't. Plus for that!I had my two dogs, labs, with me. I told the hotel about them when I arrived (granted it was 3am when I got there). The friendly woman at the front didn't say anything about it, she just assigned me a room and off to bed I went. The next day I went on a walk with the pups only to return to being locked out of my room! I had no money or phone on me, it was all inside. I went to the desk and they told me I was not allowed to have dogs in the room and that now they would have to deep clean the entire thing.  They eventually let me back in the room to retrieve my belongings. They reassigned me a pet friendly room and charged me an additional $50 (at least they knocked it down from $100) for the dogs. More than anything I felt there was a miscommunication between hotel staff. I am very honest and upfront and asked outright about all the situations I had at the time(trailer on the truck, dogs). Conflicting information caused a few bumps in the road, but everything was handled. The rooms were nice and the entire facility was clean and well kept.
3	It's 102 degrees outside and I've been awake for 16 hours, including 2 hours at airports, 5 hours on the plane and 7 hours walking through the jewelry trade show at Mandalay Bay.  I get in my room and it's STILL 102 degrees, AC's broken.Call, get re-assigned to a new room, carry my luggage across their huge resort to the lobby to get my new key and then back across the resort to my new room....AC's broken...again.I eventually got to a room with a working AC.The rooms are really nice though.  Mine had two floors, an indoor jacuzzi, mini kitchen and a tv on each floor.
1	1 star is an overstatement. I wish yelp had 0 stars because that's all this place deserves. this place is far from being a resort. It looks like an old apartment complex with weird rooms. the first room we were in had a broken sofa bed, the next room had the loudest AC ever. The next one looked ok but when we took a shower, the drain was clogged. Ugh!!! in the midst of the numerous room changes, the girl in the front desk had the nerve to tell us that they should charge us for the 3rd person in the room when we specifically told them there were 3 of us during check-in. The only good thing is that some of staff (the housekeeping and the front desk manager) were apologetic for the inconvenience. please, stay away from this hotel/motel. if you are inclined to stay here because of the price, i recommend staying downtown, like the golden nugget, where it's a couple dollars more but at least it's a hotel.
3	I got a deal with Groupon for 2 nights and it also came with a 20% discount at the restaurants within the resort.  This resort is good for people that are not picky; I am not a picky person myself.  It was a little run down.  Some of the wooden blinds were chipped, the wall in the downstairs bathroom was chipping off, there was a crack on the mirror and the hot tub was dirty.  I had to clean it with the sanitize wipes (which I really did not have to, but still cleaned it).  Other than that, the resort was really nice, very clean bar, nice fluffy bed, good A/C and clean bathrooms.We took advantage as much as we could.  We used the fitness center (very nice and clean), we hung out in one of their 3 pools (even though it was 100 degrees weather), took advantage of the 20% discount at the restaurants (which was really helpful because we only spent less than $15 for each dine and the food was good too) and in general good service by the waiters in the restaurants, security, management and lobby.I can see myself coming back here again.
2	Stayed on 7/7 -7/8. The price is what attracted me to the room. The Alexis is decent. Check-in was fairly quick. The restaurant was closed around noon time although it was supposed to be open. Wasn't too happy as we had a coupon to get up to 20% off at the restaurant/cafe. So we went to the Pegasus bar/lounge area for a bite to eat. The food was good. My daughter had the chicken club sandwich, and I had the Ahi Tuna Salad. The music played was a nice mix of R&B. Our server was pleasant and he delivered excellent customer service. The room was well-appointed.A few complaints: the appearance of the "resort" is a bit run-down. There was no paper towel in the kitchenette area; the trash cans were unlined; and the window-sill was compacted with dirt. The view from the main window was rather unattractive: yellow grass and dirt. I realize it is hot in Vegas but landscaping improvements would help the Alexis. Maybe decorative rocks and and/or plants that don't require a lot of water would be nice. Other than the complaints, the bathroom was really clean, along with the bed linens, and main area of the hotel room. There is no casino here, which is fine by me. There is potential at the Alexis, but the management and/or owner needs to put in some elbow grease to get the appearance to match the description that is stated online.
3	It wasnt as bad as i thought.  rooms were big, comfy, nice bathroom, check in fast, room service fast and very cheap, next to the gay clubs which is a plus, and its affortable.The bad part of the hotel is it is not a resort so i dont know why its called a resort.  Its an outside hotel not an inside hotel, no casino, it is a big property almost like apartments. there were a ton of ghetto people that stayed there throwing parties in their rooms which didnt bother me to much because it is vegas but it does get annoying after a while when you stay there for 3 days and its hotel parties everywhere in the complex.
1	This hotel was the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. I wish I could give it 0 stars. The resort is actually an apartment complex. The room we were at was really dirty. The suite we had was also a joke, the refrigerator was so small that it couldn't hold a 12 pack of beer that we have brought. The sink was really small too. Everything in the room seemed dirty and stained. The worst part came when I was actually going to sleep. As i pull back the covers, I saw about  3 different kind of bugs scatter among the sheets. I complained, and got transferred into another room, which also had the same bug problem. At this point I went to the front desk and demanded a refund, but they told me that I had to contact Groupon for the refund. I didnt sleep at all that night, as I spent the night in the car with temperatures of 95 degrees. I'have never had such a bad experience, their customer service was so horrible. As I explained to the manager about the bug problem he never once apologized, he smiled and nodded as if he knew already. It was just disgusting and horrible. NEVER AGAIN!!
4	Got a groupon for the hotel for a two night stay. It wasn't as bad as everyone is saying. It's not a glitzy Vegas hotel but it's also not on the strip. Te staff was very nice, the room was clean and the pool was nice. I would recommend staying here if your looking for a cheap place close to the strip and aren't looking for frills.
4	Visited when a friend stayed at this resort.Let me tell you, it was more than I expected! I was expecting a motel type environment and it wasn't that at all. From what I heard, the check in staff was quick and courteous. The Crown Suite was sizeable with a unique small standup tub on the middle of the staircase. The internal walkways were very noce and clean. This is a pet friendly stay too ! With a $50 nonrefundable pet fee. For those weary of that fact, you may request a room that is a non-pet room. They actually have only 3 buildings out of their 22+ buildings. So no worries about having to worry about pet odors. For an affordable stay by the Las Vegas Strip, I'd definitely recommend !We will actually be staying here this September, so I will update later.
3	Whatever. It cost us $126 to stay here for two nights with a Groupon, the swimming pool is gorgeous, and it's close to the strip.  I like that I can order a frothy drink while relaxing poolside. A word to the wise: if you are a beautiful bride getting married at this establishment, be aware that if you do it near the swimming pools, bathing suit clad people such as myself will walk by and gawk.  PS: you had a very lovely wedding.
2	i, like most others that wrote a review had a groupon deal. the room i got was the loft but it looked nothing like the pictures. the heat in the room didnt work, the tv had like 2 channels, there were no dishes but there was a microwave. the light in the kicthen didnt work, the room was cleaned before we got there and someone must have had a pet in the room because the carpet was shampooed before we arrived, the carpet was still moist. the bed was super comfortable and so was the pull out couch bed. i doubt id stay again without a groupon for less than the $125 i paid. i actually arrived a day later than i expected and they wouldnt extend my stay.  the hotel actually looks like an old apartment complex. the buffet isnt that good either.. the bar/grill food and drinks are good.
1	Banquet facilities horrible and unorganized.  If you are thinking of booking a party or wedding here, think again and go someplace else.
3	You know what? It did alright! We had family coming to town so we made the trek from Phoenix to meet them. So, knowing we were not staying long and that for whatever reason every other hotel was a gazillion bucks or sold out for Saturday, we made a reservation online for $61 bucks including tax. It's an old apartment complex. It doesn't pretend to be anything else. But, it's clean and reasonably priced. The staff is very nice. We had a drink in the bar which is cute. The only issue I had was that they had a bottle of Ferrari Carano Merlot left over from some event. The bottle was open and the cork was pushed in and they charged me $2 more than the house wine. Made no sense. After that the real house wine was $5 and totally awful.The room was nice sized and the bed was really comfy. The shower head was about five inches too short for a normal sized human being and the tub clogged with water. We did do the breakfast buffet for $10.49 the next day but we had no choice. That was all they were offering. All in all, if I need a cheap place to stay, this is it. Be warned though, a cab is pretty much required unless you're going to the Hard Rock and it's 10-15 bucks depending on where you're going. Factor that in and figured out if the cheap rate is worth it.
4	It was such a nice place to stay at.I don't know why people complain about the the rooms being smelly and dirty you could just switch rooms no big deal and the walk to the strip isn't far at all maybe some of you need to learn how to walk. My only problem was the ants in the room other then that I'm good with the room I had.And get over the airplane noise it's not even bad you act like its all about the rooms it's about getting fucked up at the strip and coming back to the room and knocking out...
1	ONLY COME HERE STRICTLY FOR PAGEANTS--I requested a NON smoking room but they placed me in building 11 which was a SMOKING room-- the manager is an asshole and wouldnt move me to a different building because he was FULL. I have kids-- in smoking rooms-- WOW!Wish our pageants werent held in this hotel-- I hate this place.
3	Really nice rooms with great temperature control.  Helpful staff.  The airplanes flying overhead regularly was a bit of a downside.
5	We stayed here for a dance event, and loved it! Our room was decadent - a jacuzzi halfway up the stairs - the grounds were great, and the staff were friendly and helpful. It's right across from the Hard Rock Cafe and a great Indian place, and the convention center area is deceptively large if you want to throw an event.
4	I stayed here for New Year's Eve and an event following the holiday. I loved it! My room was newly remodeled, beautiful, and clean. I worked with their fantastic staff and I felt as if we were partners working toward the same goal. I was really impressed by how well the staff handled things that went wrong and how flexible and helpful they were in helping us to achieve our goals together. I will definitely be going back.
4	Awesome place to stay, especially if you get one of the rooms with the jacuzzi halfway up the stairs!
1	Wow What a dump!!!! Room was poorly maintained, sleeper sofa was at least 10 years old. We were locked out of our room due to a desk error we were late for or reservation. They credited us$10.00. I talked to Ben the desk manager and he told they are a 3 star resort and the conditions were acceptable. Sorry Benif I had a 3 star resort I would be working achieving that next star. Conclusion sleep in your car !!!
3	I can not review the service or the rooms because I did not stay here.  I did come here for a seminar and from what I saw the place was very nice. The front desk area was clean and decorated wonderfully.  They have a gift shop along with a dinning area. We did have a comped lunch at the restaurant and the food was mediocre. I was not impressed, in fact all I could eat was the salad. The seminar area was a normal room, nothing fancy.  The bathrooms were clean and smelled decent. I asked someone who was staying in the rooms and they told me they were nice. They had a kitchen and were very large.
1	Pros - Family friendly.  No Gambling.  Cheap.Too Many Cons...  FILTHY!!!!  Yuk.  Bring shower shoes.  Our toilet was covered in dried urine.Converted Old Apartment complex - large MOTEL.  NOT A RESORT.  Carry your own bags upstairs.  No elevator.Horrendous service.  Bar, Restaurant, Housekeeping, Management - all Bad, Bad, Bad service!!!  Talked to a Hotel manager about some of the problems and he was unprofessional and downright offensive.  Guess I know why the staff is sub par.  Odd digital heating/air units don't work.  Call the front desk and they'll say they'll send Engineering to fix but no one will show up.  Don't get a suite (actually don't stay here but if you must...).  The pull-out sofas are disgusting AND in the middle of the suite, half way up a staircase, is an odd bathtub.  I couldn't get the Vegas bachelor party hot tub scene out of my head.  YUCK!!!  I told the kids not to touch it.  (It was also filthy.)  We wished we'd reserved the standard 2 queen room which looked quite large and would have met our needs.
1	Horrible from the very moment I walked in. My check in was scheduled at 4pm, I arrived at 7pm, but the room was still occupied by the previous guests, not cleaned up, even though it was supposed to be vacated by 11am. I understand that the hotel may make money from late fees like that, however they have an obligation to their incoming guests. The manager was hiding in her office the entire time and was trying to avoid giving us a refund for the first night. That was just check in.We finally received access to our rooms at 9:30pm. I was expecting it to not be prepared and an absolute mess, and was surprised that it was clean...however, it smelled like cigarettes and marijuana in the non-smoking room. I used the room phone to dial the front desk, but by the time they picked up (10 minutes) the smell already disappeared. This place is a joke. It is too far from the strip, and the price is not worth it. You can use reward points and stay on the strip cheaper. Even as a time share, this place is terrible.DO NOT GO HERE!
3	Actually, SURPIRSELY, this place isn't bad. Our friends booked a stay here and we visited often.  Honestly, the lobby was pretty nice, the pool was spiffy & the rooms were average & clean. I love the fact that you can almost literally drive up to your room and not have to walk through a gigantic casino with smoke, ugh!  So that's a very nice amenity.  There is, I guess like a waterway next to the East side of the property where a lot of homeless peeps sleep in tents, not to make ignorant brash assumptions, but if you have a hot rod or valuables in the car, you may want to consider parking else where (than on the East side of the property) or valet. Otherwise, it's priced pretty well for average accomodations.Located right across the street from the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino.Just 2 seconds up the street are some restaurant options and in Hard Rock of course. So, I would definitely suggest this to friends/fam if they were on a budget, want off strip & understand this is no Wynn/Bellagio/Venetian calliber.
4	I loved this place! Ive stayed here twice and both times were pretty great! I read some of the other reviews and not like my experience at all! Both times my rooms were very clean. I did have a plumbing issue first time but they were nice and fixed it. Also my boyfriend did hear the airplanes but didn't bother me at all. To me it's a hidden gem! Great prices and I didn't see any homeless people or ants! I mean the crowd isn't super high end but for the price it's a great stay! I highly recommend!
1	If you want I check into the Bates Motel, this is as close as it gets. I have never in my life experienced a hotel worse than this one! I went there for two nights for a soccer tournament and not even one day had gone by before we were ROBBED!!! We went out for breakfast Saturday morning and not even an hour had passed when we came back to find our room door open and 3 of our bags missing! My teammate that was staying with me was robbed of all the clothes he had brought, including his uniform, and thus could not participate in the tournament. It completely ruined our experience of Vegas! But the worse part about this was the management refused to acknowledge this had ever happened to us, even though the security guard that was assisting us told us that the whole hotel was being monitored by security cameras. They offered no apology and refused to give us any compensation regarding this issue. Lesson to be learned, never, I repeat NEVER stay at places like the Alexis Park who don't value customers, lack adequate safety, and just want your money.
1	Rat hole! This place used to be great 10-15 years ago. My first non-smoking room was filled with cigar smoke, the second - bong water. The jets from McCarran sound like they are landing on the pool. They beautiful lawns are being replaced by astro-turf, and the remaining grass is mostly dead. The room was a mix of atrocious crappy furniture (black laminate pressed stuff, rotting from water damage. Windows did not work at all. Very depressing indeed.
4	My wife and I stayed in the petstay King suite the weekend of March 30th.  We LOVED it!  2 floors, very clean, hot tub, less than 1 mile to the strip.  It was very inexpensive, we were afraid of that fact at first, but we were pleasantly surprised.. It was so nice to have our puppy with us as well. On the down side, I think our room was haunted. But it was cool
5	I love Alexis Park :)I've stayed here twice now. First time in the standard queen (which was huuge and had a living room area and bar and second time in the Crowne suite - two story loft). They have great prices, great location, great staff, great rooms, great pools, 24 fitness center, security around the campus, etc!I didn't have one complaint whatsoever. Our AC started getting wonky after the 2nd day. I called and 5 minutes later maintenance came by and had us switch to another room right next door. They even offered to have assistance come and help us move things if needed. They're so friendly! Nice breather to be a little away from the strip.Definitely staying here for other future trips.
4	They let us check-in at 11am which was fabulous!! Room was nice. Only complaint is I booked a king-size bed and we definitely had only 1 full. Mini kitchen suited our needs. Quick cab ride to the strip. 3 nice pools. Great place to stay.
4	I never knew this place existed. Its across from Hard Rock hotel. Ridiculously low rates for the rooms you get. However, it feels like an apartment complex. The pools are nice for an apartment/condo complex but not for a Las Vegas resort. There aren't any bars in the pool or a casino on sight... however, with the money you say on statying there you can get taxis to everywhere. I will definitely stay here next time I'm in town.The room we stayed in had a jacuzzi tub, can fit two people comfortably. You can step up to a two floor room with a jacuzzy in the middle of the staircase, and honestly... I don't know why I didn't.
3	If your looking for fancy 300 a dollar night rooms, go somewhere else. This place is  a nice melow down to earth place to stay, only two floors and plenty of parking. The rooom was nice and roomy. We actually drove up parked in the alexis and walked across the street to the hard rock. The pool could use a good cleaning every day, it was a litlle gloomy. Over all i would definetely be going back, like I said dont stay here if you want fancy , stay here if you want home feel in vegas
1	Not a nice hotel to stay in. They have roaches, and it's not very clean. I stayed here for my families reunion.
1	This place is awful. There was a flood. Because it rained. They say this happens a couple times a year, but they still have raised landscaping around their buildings so it will keep happening. All of my stuff got wet and some of it was damaged. The "manager" said that the higher up manager would be giving discounts the next day and they would compensate me for my damaged items. Of COURSE when I went to check out the next day another "manager" told me that the actual manager wasn't in and I couldn't be compensated. They charge $12.99/day for the Internet but it doesn't work. They charge $4/day to have coffee in your room. They have a gym but the creepy security dude will try to corner you with his creepiness if he catches you alone in there. Most of the people in our group got weird little bites (not bed bugs) from the beds. The waitresses, housekeepers, and shuttle driver were very accomodating, but that doesn't make up for the bad business practices. Stay away!!!
1	This place effin sucks!!!!!!!! Dont waste your money. I had such a bad experience that I will post everyday to make sure that no one else waste their money here. STAY ACROSS THE STREET AT HARDROCK!! DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY AT THIS DUMP
1	Do not do it! They stole over $2000 from us. Period. It's dirty, it stinks and they stole our money.. We are hard working people just like the people at the hotel. I can't stand a thief and the least they could have done was apologize which they ddnt. They did absolutely nothing.
4	Talk about a hidden Las Vegas diamond in the rough hidden gem or any other phrase you want to use. I loved staying at this place. It is within walking distance of the strip, across from the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino, close to shopping, dining, and gambling, for pennies on the dollar for those that don't get comped for everything...aka a place for an average dork like me! Check this out; by ordering ahead of time we received a rate of $70/night for a holiday weekend! I am still stunned by that! Only $70!!! Just think you can cab-it everywhere and not spend the same amount of cash as you save here, let alone if you drive, its even cheaper woo woo!Pro Tip: Understand that this is not a 5 star joint but much better than a best western clarion or jo bobs by the hour rental rooms. The rooms were clean, furnished in an older style, had a separate bedroom, jacuzzi tub, sofa pull out bed, kitchenette with a sink and fridge. To get a microwave, you just had to call the front desk! The bad part of our unit was that there was a small chip and a couple of cracks in the top of the jacuzzi tub, granted we didn't use it for that at all. Regardless who stays at their hotel a ton while in Vegas anyways? So cheaper and decent sleeping arrangements were perfect for us and why I really liked this joint.They have three pools and beach balls and all kinds of fun things to play with at the pools. You can also solo cup it at the pools and drink what you want =D it is Vegas after all you know... The first pool also has a fountain in it and that makes things very fun too. I just liked not staying at a top flight hotel and saving a ton of money at the same time. This place was definitely right up my ally!
2	My family and I stayed there 2 weeks ago. So several rooms were reserved. My husband and 3 kids stayed in a monarch suite with 2 double beds. The whole facility does not have any Queen beds so keep that in mind. The staff at the " Resort" we're great and very accommodating. This place is definitely an old apartment complex turned " resort". My number one complaint... The carpets are filthy! The color disguises them but don't even attempt to wear no shoes. It was so unfortunate because I have a 10 month old who had to stay in his playpen the entire time. The rest of us had to wear sandals at all given moments. This was the case in all 4 rooms. My next complaint, we stayed in unit 27 and our room never got serviced... When they did show up on day 2 it was at 330pm when my kids were napping. So no room cleaning at all. Overall this place was " you get what you pay for" kinda deal. I wouldn't recommend it if you have kids.
2	2-star resort gets 2 stars. This is not a place where I would choose to stay if I were visiting Vegas. But I'm here for a dance convention/competition for my daughter and this is where it is held. So...This is an old place, despite the recent renovations. The suites are cheap at $74-80 per night this time of year, but you get what you pay for. Our room was all right. I have no place to complain, given the price we paid. The staff was friendly and cooperative. We didn't eat here as there are places within walkable distance. Hard Rock Hotel and resort is across the street, CVS is on the corner, and The Strip is less than a mile away.Don't stay here if you're looking for 3-5 star quality. You're not gonna find it.I did like seeing security regularly monitoring the property. And the guests that are here during our stay seem friendly too.Personally, I'm not coming back by choice, but if simple-basic is the way you groove - go for it! I'm too high maintenance for this... LOL!
1	Looks good from far but far from good.
4	I stayed here while I was attending CES. I like this hotel, because it's quiet without casino, having good pool and gym. Not so fancy, but the staff is nice and attentive. It's not like typical Las Vegas type of hotel, that's why I like it.
3	Good for the price. Not the most luxurious place to stay at in Vegas. And not the cleanest hotels I have seen. However, it meets my expectation for the price I have paid.Pros:Very reasonable rate ($55/weekend night) No casino (this could be a con for some people)Very large suite Plenty of parkingsClose to the strip (3-min drive)Flat screen TV in the bedroomTwo almost brand new LG split unit AC in each suiteBeds and sheets are cleanCons Carpet is very old Sofa in the living room needs to be replacedBathroom is not the cleanestLack of exterior lighting at nightI gave it a 3-star because I would consider this a 3-star hotel. Again, for this price, I am pretty sure it's better than motel 6.
1	Ok so I found this place through a travel site and I checked it out on yelp first and took a chance. Usually when we come to Vegas we have a timeshare we use, but we had already used our time so we had to find somewhere else to stay, so this review is for room 1663:The check in was a breeze took about 5min. This place is an apartment complex turned into a "resort". Found our room easy walked up the stairs to our 2 story suite with the tub on the stairs. Walked in and there was a little musk in the air, thank god the a/c worked, put our bags down and what do we see? Ants! All over the kitchen counter and traveling behind the mini fridge. The couch when you sat on it would sink in, the chair had wholes on the armrest and the remote did not work, did a walk around and in the bathroom downstairs a gold condom wrapper crumbled and thrown on the window frame, the tub was missing a few knobs and it only has one setting and that's washing machine, those jets hurt and actually spun my niece around. To turn the tub on there's a timer on the wall (no where near the tub) you have to get out of the tub, pray you don't fall, walk a few steps up and lean in about 2-3 feet to reach the knob. Upstairs we found a hard unopened fruit rollup behind the nightstand, in the upstairs bath dead ants all over the counter, underneath the counter and running up the door. If you are going to kill them you should also wipe them up. The floor tiles were cracked, the shower door kept coming off the track every time you would slide it. The water would go from burning to freezing no matter how many times you tried to adjust it, and there are no screens on the windows. The bed linens were wrinkled and you can visibly see lint and hairs on it. The bed has old mattresses with no protector on it and they are hard and old, i would say easily over 10 years old. The 2nd night we were there we left a soda on the nightstand and in the middle of the night my husband woke up to take a sip since he has dry mouth, ends up running to the bathroom and spitting it out into the sink. Their were about 30 ants that had been inside the can and about another 30-40 on the nightstand. It was horrible but we were able to laugh about it in the morning. The exterior now: when we parked in front of our complex yellow spots all over the small grass area due to people that bring their dogs, walking up and down the stairs my husband and I almost "ate it"  multiple times on the 2-3 step from the bottom since they are on an angle. If you looked over the rail down to the ground you would see tampons, trash and beer bottles in the rocks. Paint chipping around the doors and windows, drunks walking around the place, sitting outside the rooms on the floor looking like homeless people smoking and other people just giving you dirty looks. Unfortunately didn't get to see the pool or anything else.Pros (if any): place is cheap, close to the air port (about 5 min), across from hard rock, and a few minutes from strip. A plus we couldn't hear the planes. The room is large, the shower is large can easily fit 4 people comfortably in there (if you wanted too) and has 2 shower heads.      Do I recommend this place to anyone? Only if you don't believe me and you can laugh at the situation. If they get their act together this place could be amazing. Also they need to stop charging for wifi $13 for 24hrs per device, thank god we read that and just used our 4G.
2	This place was cheap, but too cheap. Not in the "it's a bargain" kinda way. My room smelled of smoke, the building was crappy, and it's so far off the strip. I know it looks close to things, but it's still a trek. Don't waste your money here.
5	After reading the reviews on this site, I was skeptical.  However I had no choice since my family had already booked it.  We booked the Groupon deal for the Monarch Suite at $40/night.  Now when you think of a suite, don't think like the suite in "The Hangover."I expected the room to be complete crap as it was listed on the reviews, but when I walked in, it was opposite of my expectations.  In the monarch suite, it is like a one-bedroom apartment.  It has a living room, a wet bar/kitchen, and a bedroom.  Two TV's in total, the flat screen is in the bedroom.  I don't mind the tube TV in the living room.The carpet was clean, the furniture was clean, the bathroom was clean, and the bedroom was--clean.  Ice cold AC and free coffee in the room.  We requested a microwave (which was free) and a nice bell hop came by and dropped it off within 15 minutes, he didn't even expect a tip!  They have three pools and they are your average apartment complex size, but they are in working order!  Someone said the pool was cold in December... WHY ARE YOU SWIMMING IN DECEMBER?? Basically my experience here was amazing.  Great room at $40/night with NO EXTRA FEES!  Great amenities and a shuttle straight to the strip, how convenient can it get?  I'd suggest you stay here as it is wonderful.  The only con is it's near McCarran Airport and you can hear the flights landing from here.TIP: Come early and request a renovated room!  That's what we did and that's probably why our stay was great.  Lol
2	Oh my Lord, where do I start?! I used to love this place but it has gone way down hill! Contrary to popular belief it was never a timeshare or condo. It was built as a non-gaming hotel and it used to be luxurious. Now it is not.I was in the crown loft, room 1663 and incidentally, there is a review on here from someone named Janet who had the same room and same problems, before me! Apparently AP doesn't fix stuff!I took a shower and got repeatedly scalded! It starts out fine, but then keeps going to boiling hot! Be ready to step out of the way fast! In the upstairs bathroom the fake floor tile is cracked and feels like you are going to fall thru the floor. Like Janet says, the shower door keeps falling off! There was a lot of mold/mildew in the shower.The bedroom was fine, yes the bed was a little hard but it wasn't that bad. The upstairs TV was a flat screen with a working remote.I didn't use the jacuzzi, but I noted it was very clean.The downstairs tv was a regular tube tv with a universal remote that doesn't work (STILL!). The wetbar counter was filthy when we got there and there were ants!As reported by someone else, the sofa is a bit sunken, but to us it was comfy. ALL the tile floors upstairs and downstairs were filthy and hadn't been cleaned.The outside grounds were not nice like they used to be. I was there on a Saturday nite and felt safe, but I wasn't feeling that familiar alexis park vibe from before. They painted they place to a drab military green color. Ick - that does not work well on aged adobe!The outside is not maintained well at all and with what they normally charge, this is bogus!I too almost broke my neck on the stairs coming down, they are not right!I got a great deal from expedia and only paid 89.99 for a saturday nite and no resort fee. I did not take my laptop so I didn't use the internet.When I arrived I was told by management that they charge your card well before you get there, and if your card doesn't go thru, they cancel you just like that and sell your room to someone else. This was very upsetting to me since i was supposed to be paying cash and they told me i could. On top of that they also charged me a deposit. Because of the credit card and deposit thing, I will not be going back. This had been the only place I ever stayed.WARNING! YOU MUST REQUEST A RENOVATED ROOM OR YOULL GET A CRAPPY ROOM!
1	This is the most disgusting place I've every stayed at!  I had to switch rooms 3 times.  The ladies at the desk were real b@#$?es! They acted like it was my fault the rooms were filthy,  had food on the counters,  disgusting stained chairs,  roaches,  bed bugs,  broken cabinetry, and no cold water!!  The tub was along the filth lines of a public shower at a camp site! I finally pulled up the website and said give me this or check me out. I think the smaller the building number the better the rooms.  I started off with 25 and worked my way up to 12. I finally got what I was expecting but first impression was horrible.  I will NEVER stay at this dump again! Puhtuwee!PS... Did I mention this place was a dump?!
1	My wife and I ended up spending a night there, not by choice United booked us there, from Monday to Tuesday, since our flight was canceled.   First of all this place should be called Motel and not Hotel.  All of the doors open outside.  Upon entering our room we have notice a strong and not pleasant smell.  Well the place is pet friendly so that could explain the smell.  Next we have decided to go for a walk.  The area surrounding the motel is not the safest area, a lot of shady characters.    Then we decided to have few drinks with people that were in the same situation.  After few drinks we notice a couple at the other table taking lines of cocaine.  Yes I'm not kidding, and that's when we called it a night.Got back to our room, only to find bugs crawling all over the bathroom countertop, and kitchen floor.  Thank god I didn't have a black light with me.  Who knows what I would find.Counters in the lobby and bar area are dirty and sticky.To sum it up: place stinks, it's infested with insects, and not the greatest area after dark.
1	I have always loved staying at alexis park until my last stay. They accommodated me with early check in which was greatly appreciated however when I arrived at the room there were ants and termites all over the bathroom. I called to let them know to take care of it because we would be gone for several hours and when I came back there were still bugs everywhere! they then sent a male to spray pesticides in the bathroom and when I told the male that a woman was in there he still tried to go in. He then left in an angry way and the problem was not resolved. I dont understand why they wanted to spray pesticide while people were in the room anyway? They finally moved us to another room and I thought our problem was resolved. However, looking at my credit card statements I have been charged $800 in charges!! The deposit was only $250. DO NOT STAY HERE. WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER
1	I should of listened to the previous reviews/tips about this dump!! This was the reason why I registered for a yelp accnt,  to warn people about this place! worse customer service ever,  so un-professional.. if the manager by the name of florence tells you that your call will be returned back by either herself or the night manager richard then you should call back to deal with the problem.. instead i get no call back i call back to find out that my deposit for the first night will not be refunded back to me, when all we wanted was to reschedule for another night due to a job issue that came up on thursday.. staff there acted like they did not care about us but about the money!!! we will never stay here again and will be letting our family and friends who stay here throught the year to look else where.. i rather give my buisness to the big name hotels! atleast they pretend to care and would actually help you just to keep you coming back!!! do not stay here!  you will regret it!!! I did I lost my money!!!!
1	Hummmmm.. where should I begin!Oh how about that they sold my room. Now I'm stuck in building 25.  Lets do the math.  I only booked it because its across the street from the Hard Rock and I wanted to walk to my room. Now I am 'walking'  a quarter mile..So im in a s-it hole of a room. Not remolded. I feel like im visiting someones 90 year old aunt. It gets better. Hair in the sink and a used towel. My husband went to the vending machine..ya I just said vending machine.   Oh but wait... it wouldn't take his money. When he finally got it to work 5 dollars later he was rewarded with a already opened half drank Dr. Pepper.Look, I couldn't make this up if I tried. And its directly under the flight path of McCarron airoort.  Planes flying every 30 seconds.. I timed it.HANDS DOWN, THE WORST PLACE EVER!!!!!!!They wont let me give it no stars.. or a -star....
5	Awesome place- I'd come back every year and get the same suite! Love the jacuzzis, pool and gym!
3	We had an appointment here in the Alexis Resort, but in the building housing the Apollo ballroom. While the Alexis Resort looks old (but nice) the Apollo- in a connected building to the right, looks like the Alexis would without the makeup. Dark and kind of dank, with a strong aroma of something you might use in a public bathroom to keep it smelling fresh. The Apollo ballroom is off a hallway, through a dimly lit lobby.  Weird place. Feels haunted - or maybe just sad.
2	For $40 a night I didn't expect much, but having the previous people's used towels in the room at check in, not being 100% sure if the sheets were even changed, having to ask room service to vacuum the floor when we checked in because I could feel the dirt under my feet, not having the room cleaned even once during our 2 day stay,and  asking for room service and still not getting it, but I did expect basic cleanliness. When I got home I scrubbed myself and my daughter with hot water to clean that place off of us. The beds were horribly uncomfortable. I seriously am making an appointment with my chiropractor because of the beds. The bedspread is 2 sheets enveloping a dirty old, thin blanket. So during colder months (when we stayed) you will freeze. My daughter and I had to sleep in the same full bed to stay warm. The A/C heater unit squeaked so much that we couldn't have it on. The ceiling had stains on it and well as the carpets. Basically, spend a little more money to be sure you aren't staying in filth. I'm sorry I booked here. These rooms look NOTHING like the web site photos. We stayed in a Monarch "suite". There was nothing suite about it. It's an old apartment complex that they decided they could make more money by making it into a poorly run hotel.
4	Stayed here over the weekend since my friend and I saw Nine Inch Nails at the Hard Rock hotel which is directly across the street. That was the main reason why we stayed here. Close, convenient and couldn't beat the price for sure which was $65 a night. We got there around 10pm. No one was in line to check in so we were in and out of there quick. No issues with check in.Our room was clean although it kind of had a smell to it but it wasn't bothersome. There's no ventilation what-so-ever. All the windows are bolted shut and no vents in the restrooms to air out the steam. There are remote controlled AC/heaters though. The lighting is kind of poor throughout the entire room, including the bedrooms. It's easier in the day time if you want more light but at night it kind of sucked. Oh and there's no stereo so bring your own jams.It's not too far from the strip either which is cool. I think this may be the place I'll stay at next time I'm in Vegas.
3	I like this place. My kids and I have stayed here a couple times. No resort fee. Big rooms. Cheap price. It is just what i need when im not showing off in vegas. One time we had a problem with a lizard in the room and a roach. But I think that room wasnt cleaned properly. It didnt bother me much. the wife on the other hand is another story. We had booked thru hotel.com and after we complained we recieved a full refund, which wasnt bad. I would stay again, my wife would not.
1	Boooo.  What a dump. The bed was like sleeping on concrete. If the hotel is full and it's cold out, don't expect to have hot water. It has a lot of potential but slapping on some lipstick and blush does not make a motel into a resort!! On top of it all, because I didn't complain until checkout they wouldn't refund any of my money. AND here's the kicker!! I still haven't received my deposit back on my card. I'm now being told it could take 20 or more business days.  You couldn't pay me to stay there ever again.
2	The only positive thing I can say about the hotel is that is is nice. The rooms, landscaping, and atmosphere are all wonderful. However, the hotel is severely understaffed. There was never NOT a long line at the front desk. It took us 40 minutes just to check out of the hotel. It took the front desk agents 15 minutes per guest minimum - the longest I've ever experienced. The food, while reasonably priced, just wasn't very good. The hot tub was lukewarm. Overall, it was priced well and was nice, but I wouldn't stay again.
5	GOT LUCKY IN VEGAS the room we rcvd must have been remodeled or something, because everything looked newwwwwww. the paint, the furniture looked newish.. and it was clean. someone was of been on it. had a great stay..THE BAR WAS AWESOME. loved the bar tenders.  go there for happy hour... think it ends b4 or around 7..ask!!!! pizza was delish. cheesy the people working the restaurant ...were quick to judge... as in they didn't they we could afford it or something. overall, we enjoyed out stay
1	One of the only hotels with No Gaming on the Premises- kid Friendly-but that's the only Friendly.Front desk clerks not be fully trained in customer service. Rooms average. No free Wi-Fi.If you want a kid friendly hotel in Vegas, I recommend go to another hotel and just keep the kids away from the casino.
4	Not sure why all the bad reviews. I've stayed here three times and the staff is friendly and no problems and the rates are extremely low.The big plus is no casino and it is quiet. Instead of a  long walk assaulted by gaming noise, you walk back quietly past the pools to your room.Rooms are large and have kitchenette set ups. My experience is that most places that are this inexpensive are dumps, but this is not a dump, its fine. and the price is very low, making up for needing to take a cab to the Mandalay Bay Convention center. Cab and room price was less than staying "walking" distance to the convention and actually faster than walking from "The Hotel" or Luxor.My only complaint is paid, not very good wifi, I just use my phone as a mobile hotspot and don't bother with them.
1	I would NEVER stay here again. Honestly if you are staying for more than a few days with a few friends, pay the extra dollars for something better.If you are just needing a place just to sleep after stumbling in at 2am. Sure why not? Lol.I stayed here for 4 days and 3 night. Had two suites for myself and few friends next to each other. The rooms were roomy, had two beds in the bedroom, the living room had a couch and sofa, no microwave, but a fridge. The non smoker rooms didn't have a jacuzzi, fireplace, or a bottle opener in the sink. Apparently non smokers don't get the luxury of the smokers lol.The location of the hotel is directly across from Hard Rock Hotel.The reason why I am giving this hotel a horrible rating is due to incredible lack of customer service. Once I arrive, I was not able to check into the hotel due to the systems being down. Which was okay, because things happen and I figured I check out HRH as I waited. After a few hours of looking around I arrived back to the hotel.The hotel was not able to issue a key due to the systems being down. So our room had to be opened by security. Long story short, the system was down for my entire stay.The first time they were able to issue a key. They didn't open the room. I called to see if someone could bring a new one, but I was told I had to drive to the front. I tried the new set of keys and nothing. I called the front desk again and they said I would have to come to the front. And my issue was that I was on the opposite side of the front of the building. It was an inconvenience to drive each time. They sent the engineer down to check it out. But he just tried the keys and nothing. I was told until the front desk could make brand new keys, I would have to call to have the room open.Meaning someone had to stay in the room if someone left to let everyone while visiting friends in their other room. And it was an inconvenience to constantly wake someone up at 2am to open the door or to grab something from the room.I had a few times when I called that the front desk gave me a hard time about having to get my room opened. The beds suck. You are better off sleeping in the couch. The front desk were rude in regards of calling cabs and assisting with issues. The front desk is very nice in comparison to the actual hotel.I honestly wouldn't stay here again. I understand that we can't rely on technology but I personally felt that they didn't care about how inconvenient it was to not be able to have a key to my room for my 4 day stay. They didn't offer any compensation for the issue. All they could offer a discount for a future stay. I definitely wouldn't call this place a resort. It is more of a vibe of a motel.
3	I actualy like this place. Very lokey. Strip accesible.  Its not the best ooking place on the outside. I guess I have been blessed to have booked newly renovated rooms. Never had any problems with service. The first stay however was tricky. No where did it mention resort fee and I even called to ask about hidden fees or anything extra other than amount emailed on my receipt. I was assured there werent any. Upon arrival I was charged resort fee. Aside from that I dony like that this hotel is all smoke free.
4	Lots of space and amenities for the cost. There was mini kitchen and 1 1/2 bathrooms  . The water pressure was horrible though it took nearly am hour to fill the jacuzzi. The staff was friendly and efficient. The room was clean and welcoming. I would stay here again if we have the opportunity. I love that is is off the strip just enough to have a peaceful sleep after you party yourself to exhaustion.
2	I have stayed at the Alexis twice before this last attempted reservation.The first time was for the Nine Inch Nails concert being held across the street at the Hard Rock Casino.  For the money the room and facilities were okay.  The bathroom tub was a mess however.  The room that visit was quiet and having an outside entrance helped keep the noise to a minimum.  They did have several pools and the inside court areas were nice and well maintained.The second visit the check in was very slow, they couldn't find the reservation and want to provide a room on an upper floor with only one bed instead of the two I had originally reserved.  The carpet in the room was very dirty, my sock feet were black in about 3 minutes without my shoes.  The furniture in the room had dust around the drawers and was in pretty bad shape. With a fee of $50 for the room I guess that you cannot complain.  They did deliver extra toilet paper and towels promptly when requested.The last reservation was a total screw up.  I called the resort directly and was quoted one price in one phone call.  Then I called back a few minutes later the rate was over $30 more; the reason was that the average for two nights; with one high rate and one lower rate, was the average that was quoted.Check in was a nightmare.  The hotel was packed with a convention that I had not been informed of.  They would not adjust the rates as quoted on the phone originally.  I had booked two beds they gave me a king.  They had no parking anywhere near the room, and several other people staying at the hotel were also complaining of the lack of parking for registered guest.With all the problems at check and the wrong type room being assigned.  I were back to the front desk and told them to cancel my reservation and credit my card back for the entire amount.  This lead to over thirty minutes of waiting for their manager on duty to do anything and a major confrontation to get the full refund.  This was even after the manager told me they were booked full and people were waiting to get a room while I was trying to get my refund.The manager on duty was very hostile and repeated told me it was an early check out and she was going to told back a fee.  This lead to another round of discussion and was told I could take it up with her supervisor in three days when she returned to work. I found this last visit to the Alexis to more that I wanted to deal with and do not plan on returning to this hotel again.  The staff have always appeared cool and acted more like its a job they have to do instead of providing higher quality service to their clients.Also guest at this facility have to pay an additional $12 fee per computer or internet device that you use for each 24 hour period.  This meant $48 extra plus tax for each visit that we stayed on top of the hotel fees.  The menu for the restaurant is limited but they will serve you an overpriced drink of any type.The front desk and service personnel could use some quality training on handling guest and providing services to clients; plus additional staff or check in and check out as the wait is entirely too long.
1	This place sucks. 2 of 3 pools closed. Front desk painfully slow. Rooms are filthy. No free internet (13$ per device for 24 hours). Our bed didn't even have a fitted sheet or a comforter on it! There was just a stack of four flat sheets and a flimsy blanket. Every time I got into bed I would accidentally pull back all the sheets and end up lying on the nasty bare mattress. Even the cheapest motel gets that one right!
1	DO NOT STAY HERE!!!This hotel is beyond horrible. We booked the crown loft suite through Vegas.com. When we arrived, not only did it not look like the room had been cleaned but there was mold by the front door. We called the front desk and they switched us to the monarch suite, which was a downgrade. Because we booked through Vegas.com, they couldn't refund us any money. The manager said all he could do was give us free breakfast, which is a joke!Their front desk is extremely slow, mostly because they're taking calls from upset guests. We took the shuttle to The Strip. They were supposed to make an announcement when the shuttle was about to leave. They didn't and the shuttle left without us.Two out of the three pools were closed. The list of what's wrong with this hotel goes on and on. I will never stay here again and if this review stops one person from staying here, I feel I've done my job. I'm not the person to write bad reviews like this but this place calls for it.
1	Too many bad things to name them all, so I'll try to summarize as best as possible. We had reservations for 2 full beds and when we checked in this past Friday mid-morning. They didn't have any ready for us (first strike). They said we could wait an hour and a half or take a room that had a king size bed and a pull out couch, but the bathtub had chipped paint due to "renovations." We took the room because we didn't really care about the tub...although it was kind of weird that they couldn't find a way to fix the paint before having guests stay in it. Seemed very odd to us. On top of that, the room was very "bleh" looking and smelled of smoke when we first walked in (even though we requested non-smoking). Not impressive at all.Now skip to the good part! My brother and his fiance arrived later in the evening that night and had booked a room on Travelocity with rewards points on their Chase card. When they arrived, Alexis Park had NO RECORD of their reservation. My brother was patient and asked if they could fix this issue, and they point blank looked at him and told him to go find another hotel because they were full. Mind you, this is after a flight from San Francisco, and several taxi's later, and at 11PM at night. They were tired and just wanted a room to stay in. After two hours of trying to get a room situated (they said it was Travelocity's fault, and vice versa). The young guy they were dealing with said there was no resolution and they could try again in the morning to figure something out. Luckily my brother and his fiance were able to stay with me and my other brother and girlfriend, in a small room with one pullout bed and a king size bed. Just another note, the pullout couch was EXTREMELY uncomfortable and the two who slept on it had a very hard time sleeping because it was so bad. (strike two...three...maybe even four?)Next up, we had attended our cousin's wedding there on Saturday night (it was very busy weekend with the Pac 12 tournament being held in Las Vegas and other conventions and festivities like St. Patty's day). We were trying to go to a restaurant outside of the strip for the reception dinner, and went to the front desk to ask for a cab, and were greeted by a VERY rude young guy at the front desk (wish I would've gotten his name, cuz he was horrible to us). We asked if he could get a cab for 5 of us and he gave us the rudest response, saying we could take the Limo which was a flat $55 dollar rate or we could wait for 30 min-1 hr. to get a cab, and that's "if they come". Great customer service. Couldn't just call us a cab and be friendly about it, but had to be smart ass about it. We eventually flagged down a taxi driver who was willing to fit all 5 of us in the town car. All of a sudden, the same jerk came flying out of the lobby and started harassing the driver because he didn't like that the driver was going to fit all 5 of us in his towncar. The cab driver told him to shut up and get out of there, but the jerk kept harassing us so our driver gave him $5 dollars and told him to get lost. (Strike 5, YOU'RE OUT!!!)All in all, really bad customer service, even worse accommodations, and horrible booking systems that don't even honor deals that customers purchase online in advance. I would say stay far away!! This place is not worth the small discount you get here, when you can stay at an upscale hotel on the strip with nice rooms and good service!
1	**Dirtiest hotel I have ever stayed at. AVOID AT ALL COSTS! **I can't even begin to call this dump a hotel; let alone a "resort". Ants infest all parts of the bathroom and kitchenette. We complained about the ants and their solution was to spray "Raid" in the hotel room while we were in it. Thanks Alexis Park. Glad to know you're happy with your customers sleeping with ants right nearby. The room had a peeling bathroom tub and sink. It barely looked like it was cleaned after the last guest due to dirt stains in the sink. It was disgusting all around.After all our problems with rude and unprofessional management, when my friend got home there was an $800 charge to her credit card!!! Alexis Park couldn't describe the charge nor the reason for charge for a full week. They kept giving her the run around thinking she'd go away. Yeah right, $800 for this shit hole. It took a full two weeks for the charges to be refunded. I hope enough terrible reviews get the Las Vegas Health Department to close them down. Don't try to save the buck or two. THIS PLACE IS NOT WORTH IT!
1	My boyfriend and I came across a groupon they had, we had a trip planned and this groupon seemed great. the place looked like apartment complexes at first glance, we checked in no bellhop to help with bags If your staying on the 2nt floor your have to take your luggage up the stairs, and the stairs had a few shaky ones so it felt like you could fallWe checked in Friday-Monday On sat the water heater went out so we had cold water the whole daySunday it still wasn't working so someone had to come to our room and fix itThen we put a "do not disturb " sign while in the room but when we would leave we'd be gone for hours and I'd call the front desk and ask to have our room cleaned. No luck. We stayed the whole time without getting our room cleaned. Because no one would ever come. One night it got cold so I called to ask for an extra blanketThey didn't have any. Cabs don't ever come around you have to ask the front desk to call you a cab and that takes awhile. If your looking for a quiet place this place is very quietBut when in Vegas and you want the casino feel then I'd suggest you stick to a casino.It was pretty depressing staying here to be honest and I was very disappointed I could honestly say my bf and I will not be staying here again... Ever.
1	Why do they call this a resort?  One lousy convenience shop.  One lousy restaurant.  An old dated lobby.  With all the choices at the casinos, where the facilities are newer and rooms cheaper, I cannot see why you would want to come here.
1	A dump. Filthy room. Blood stains on sheets. Carpet disgusting. Couch blackish from years of use and stains. Would not sit on it. Tub chipping. Nothing as advertised. Bugs biting ankles and bug bites on legs. Bed bugs? Or Fleas? Either way!!!! Yuck!!!!!Don't stay here.
3	Stayed here from Friday April 4 through Saturday, April 12th 2014 while in Las Vegas for business. Our company had about 30 people staying at this location. I had read reviews prior to arrival and had concerns about this hotel, the person who made arrangements for our company let the management know of my concerns. The day manager did not alert the night manager to my late night arrival and the room that was supposed to have been pre-assigned to me had  not been. They had no knowledge of my arrival. The night manager was somewhat rude. Our Wi-Fi was also supposed to be pre-arranged and again, the night shift had no knowledge of this. The lobby looks a little shabby. I'd recommend that they brighten things up and modernize this area. The couches look very worn. The counters look old and dated as is the decor. The grounds--nice enough with green grass and plants. There are three pools, one seemed to be out of operation and actually had ducks swimming in it (it was filled about 1/10th). I did not use the other pools, but they seemed okay. There is only one hot tub for the entire hotel from what I could see. The room--was very large. It has a kitchenette area with a sink and fridge but not microwave or stove, and no utensils or dishes to use. There are two bar stools at the breakfast bar. There is a couch and chairs area and then a king sized bed.The closet was smallish. The dresser was smallish. The TV was a flat screen but had a down converted SD signal on it. The air conditioner/heaters were hard to control and so the room was cold. There weren't enough blankets on the beds.The bathroom needs some refinishing to the cracked moldings and edges, the scalloped sink is looking dated. Overall, the decor was dark and somewhat dated looking. The black carpet turns your socks black. $12.99 per day for WiFi, on one device only??????????????????$25 deposit for each day that you are staying?You sign an agreement not to host a party when you sign in ????The pluses---Although it could use an upgrade, the Alexis Park served my needs.It was relatively quiet.It's not a casino hotel or high rise so you do not deal with smoke or noise.We were out there working a trade show and being off strip provided a degree of solitude to come back to when the day is done.A good home base location. Not too far from the strip. Close to the convention center. Hard Rock Hotel conveniently located across the street.Restaurant, Bar and Desk Staff (day time) were all helpful and courteous.I stayed at the Hilton the previous year, there was definitely a difference in overall quality but you get what you pay for and I do think this place has some good things to offer. I'd say it's a 2-3 star hotel.I would definitely recommend Alexis Park to families who need a quieter location that isn't a smoky high rise and is still economical.
1	Doesn't even deserve a star.  Bath tub was peeling, water jets missing, windows didn't even open, dinosaur Tvs, breakfast a joke, hotel bar closes early, complimentary bus stops transporting at 7:30?!  Seriously?!  All in all piece of crap resort, thank god we were in Vegas and the entertainment was worth it.
5	I like this place bc the rooms have a little kitchen and this place has like 3 pools. It's off the strip but walking distance to alot of places.
3	Its an alright hotel. I was really only in the room to sleep and shower but the shower was so nasty. Paint peeling everywhere and it doesn't look like they actually clean the rooms. The carpet was dirty, doesn't even look like they vacuum because there was old food and stuff on the floor. Not pleasant. On the plus side, the front staff was really nice. We asked them to call a cab and they always did with no attitude. The room was huge! Had a huge living room and bedroom. The bathroom was spacious and the outside was beautiful. The pools were huge and the grass was green. Its a very nice and big hotel from the outside. The rooms just need a little bit more attention and it will definitely be a 4-5 star hotel. Its right across from the hard rock hotel and its a nice location. CVS at the corner and the strip is only like a 15min walk. Very convenient but like I said they just need more work on the rooms. I would stay again but I would make sure to ask for a renovated room.
1	DO NOT STAY HERE!This place doesn't ever deserve my one star!I stayed with 4 friends from Friday, April 18-Sunday, April 20 2014.My friends and I had originally planned to stay on the Strip--we already had our rooms booked until we came across the Groupon for Alexis Park, so we cancelled our rooms and decided to save some money because we didn't plan on being in the rooms that much anyway...HUGE MISTAKE!We ended up purchasing 3 rooms at Alexis Park, two viz Groupon and one online. On the day of checkin, prior to actually heading to Vegas on our 4 hour car ride I called personally to see if there was any way the hotel could room my friends and I close together despite the fact that we booked our rooms separately. The person I spoke to on the phone was very helpful and told me that he was able to get two of the three rooms together and one would be very close by which I was very grateful for.When we first arrived to the hotel it was not what we expected based on pictures from Groupon as well as from Alexis Parks website...think of it like "Facebook angles" and how deceiving those types of pictures can be. ALSO, there were two tour buses full of people that needed checking in as well but there were only two employees working the check in area. Once it was my turn to check-in I wanted to confirm with the employee that two of our three rooms were together and he said that they were not. At this point I was still calm but he said there was nothing that he could do, so I asked to speak with his manager...he said I will get her but she isn't going to do anything for you, at which point I became immediately pissed off.The manager comes out and I explain to her and she said that there is nothing that she can do at this point because most of the rooms had already been checked into and that she will TRY to do something. I am completely okay with her trying to resolve the issue but her attitude and tone of voice were completely opposite of trying to resolve anything--at one point she started to raise her voice at me--THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE! In the end, we got to of our rooms at least in the same building and one was in the building across the courtyard. The only problem is that after all of the hassle our room was supposed to have two beds but it only had one and we were not going to go back and waste even more of our time arguing with this woman who clearly had no concern what her guests thought.The rooms were nice--a little out dated but nice nonetheless.The place has three pools none of which were heated and there is only a bar relatively close to the first pool.The first pool was a good size and offered a good amount of seating as well as a few semi-private cabanas. There were even two lifeguards working the pool on Saturday. However Sunday was a different story. We were laying out by the pool drinking and have a good time relaxing in the sun. There were about 10 other hotel guests at the pool as well--all appeared to be over the age of 21 if not 30 however we were all kicked out of the pool because there was not a lifeguard on duty. I took the issue up with the manager on duty that Sunday morning and she asked me for my room number-why she needed it I do not know--and that she would get a hold of the person who will deal with the issue of the pool being closed. I told her no, she will deal with it, I said "You are the manager on duty, it is YOUR responsibility to deal with this situation" and she started to yell at me. I asked for the General Manager business card--her name is Sherri Erickson. I called today May 7, 2014 and left her a message regarding how rude her staff was and that I will be also complaining to Groupon about Alexis Park. The second pool was closed the entire weekend--it was only filled up halfway-- and it looked like it hadn't been used for weeks.The third pool was disgusting! The water was dirty--it looked like it hadn't been cleaned for a long time.Also, WIFI is not free I believe it was $12.95 a day.Lastly the brunch was awful! The orange juice tasted like it was some sort of powdered mix, the milk was luke warm, the potatoes were cold, the pancakes were stale... The eggs and the sausages were not that bad but not for the price that we had to pay AND the bar was not even open at that point (11am on a Saturday in Vegas!).I will NEVER stay here in my life and I hope that you will not either!
2	We stayed here April 11-13 after purchasing their recent Groupon. The lobby looks very nice, and contrary to many of the reviews on Yelp, we had decent desk service, at least upon check in.Our room was on the second floor, and I would concur that it is a serious pain to tote baggage up and to the room - especially since I was on crutches.The low rating is almost entirely for the poor quality of our room, though. The room reeked of stale cigarette smoke, permeating absolutely every fiber of everything near us. It was so bad, we went out and purchase Febreze candles to try to quell it. The baseboards were peeling away from the wall and there was filth behind them, the bathroom was scuzzy, though mostly clean (I did see some stray public hairs from a previous guest in the tub), but the tub did not drain properly during a shower. The blinds were dingy, there was dust. The dealbreaker for me was when I went to plug in my cellphone: I found a gas station sandwich wrapper behind the nightstand. SO GROSS.Our room did not have a "Do Not Disturb" sign, so my husband went to the lobby to request one. They didn't have one to give him, but told him maintenance would come and place one on our door. That never happened, and we did have a maid try to barge in on us at 9 am on Sunday. We didn't care, really, because we were rushing to get the hell out of there.Never again. Circus Circus is the cheapest place on the strip (we once stayed there for $35/night!) and is easily 5 times nicer than this dump. The pools looked nice enough from the lobby, but we would have literally had to drive there from our room, it was so far away...
1	I shouldn't have ignored the one star reviews. I always stay here! It's always been good to me.... Except this past weekend when I was there. I don't know if there's been a change in staff or what the hell was going on but SERVICE SUCKS. And to top it off, the maid forgot to close our door. We came in at 5am and our door was wide open. We call to complain and the lady tells me it's impossible because only I have a room key. Wtf? The maid had walked in on us earlier that same day and you're gonna tell me she doesn't have a key? Then she gets over trying to bullshit me and goes onto the security guard doing some sort of investigation and blah blah and of course it never happened. We didn't receive an apology or anything. The hot tub didn't work. Room service is everyday from 6am-11pm and when I called for it they said it was only available on weekends. And again I had to tell another lady that that's not what was advertised in the menu. So then she goes okay then I'll transfer you to the restaurant. Like is the whole place trained to lie to it's guests to see what they can get away with? I come here at least 4 times a year but I'm so disappointed. Never again. Don't trust it, you guys! You'll regret it.
1	Filthy, roach infested. Food will make you severely Sick. Mold throughout! Stay clear of this dump!
1	This place is very user unfriendly. I could not properly regulate the water temperature. The air conditioner is impossible to manage. The shower and bath tub was chipped and scratched and needed to be replaced. Upon arrival they put me in the wrong room and had to move me to a lower quality room in the middle of my stay. I was also there to perform in their lounge and their business practices are shady. They do not hold up to their commitments and you cannot rely on them to fulfill their agreements. There are many other places to stay in Vegas that are much better and less expensive.
2	Went here about 20 years ago when it was newer and a good place for families to stay. I have to say they haven't changed much in the rooms in 20 years.!! Very old everything not very appealing . The lobby and convention rooms are upgraded and decent but I wouldn't stay in the rooms again I could have stayed somewhere much nicer for the price.
1	Okay first off let me start off with this we stay here for Memorial Day weekend Friday through Monday this is the worst place I ever stayed in my 23 years of life friday we wait four hours for them to bring the remote for AC mind you it's 92 degrees in this damn room they finally brought the remote about five hours later Second you can hear everything that goes on in that hotel the front desk is like a mile away from building 23 and we order pizza from the pizza place and the Alexis Park resort they told us 45 minutes took hour 45 minutes and the pizza was it was cold housekeeping has a schedule and if you need towels around 8pm or 9pm you're not going to get them because housekeeping is going home for the day that's sucks so Sunday we leave to go shopping enjoy our day we come back to our room the door wouldn't open come to find out they check us out our room on their own we have to wait 30 minutes from them to recheck us back in our room monday morning we're leaving at 6 AM and as were going back to make sure everything out our room a guy in room 2305 is pleasuring himself in the front room window can we call security, security never came so with this all being said I would never ever stay at the Alexis Park resort ever again
1	*********DO NOT STAY HERE. *****Quality and service are now  a ZERO. NOT A FAMILY place AT ALL. Seriously went down in quality since our last visit. We stayed May 22 - May 27, 2014 and our experience was horrible. This property is in serious finical trouble that staff has been cut & reflected in the poor overall impression of this once nice property. 1) Prior to arriving, I called to request a room upstairs, easy in & out, and a  microwave. Maria, the clerk, told me all rooms have microwaves and assured me I dont need to ask. 2) CK-IN. The clerk was busy eating a sandwich but was able to check us in.  I requested a quiet room & close distance to a pool /parking. The clerk, (nameless), said my room is upstairs and near pool "2" which is the middle pool on the property.She did not mention anything about costs/any features about the property or any pool closures during ck-in. Example: room service, restaurant hours, property activities, poor tv reception, internet,  etc..  Went to the room. No microwave.4) The next morning, I called the front for ice. Closest was pool #2. I went to pool #2. It was drained DRY! A maintenance person was entering the pool and told me this just happened and he was unsure when it will be fixed. He went on to say,  the only operational pool was the 24/7 pool #3  located at the back of the property. The pool closest to the lobby was closed due to lack of life guards for that pool. This is on DAY 2. 5) The following night, we tried pool #3 again,  the 24/7 pool was constantly filled with hooligans who spent time at the pool smoking, drinking, and using profanity. Each time we went by pool #3" during our 5 nights it was like this. It seemed like security had no control over the situation  or perhaps the property did not budget security properly for these days. THIS IS NOT A FAMILY PROPERTY. 6) A maintenance person working on the middle pool told me the problem just happened and they were rapidly trying to fix. Several areas around the pool were dug up. Including an area which led underneath the pool where a family of cats were living. The GM seemed to not want to listen to this or deflect to other department6) On our 4th day, we went to the front pool #1 as another maintenance person told us pool #1 was open today in addition to the 24/7 pool #3. We trusted what he said to be true so we went down to the pool closest to the lobby and were enjoying the sun along with a dozen or so people.I saw the beverage/food bar at the pool was closed, so I went to my room & called in a order for pick up in the bar lobby. As I returned with food, I saw my girlfriend surrounded by Alexis Park security. They told us and the other guests we need to leave this pool immediately due to lack of life guards. I had just purchased food and asked if we could sit and eat. They denied us this option. I walked to the front desk and spoke with Florence, the supervisor on duty about this. There were (2) other groups at the front complaining about their experience.  One gentleman was at the desk with his two kids & was upset about lack of security at the 24/7 pool #3 due to the vulgar language & marijuana smoking so he moved to pool "1" closest to the lobby to enjoy his first day at the property.Florence was unprepared to answer any of the questions anyone had. She referred us to GENERAL MANAGER Sherri Erickson. Sherri the GM was not working on Monday and we had to wait until Tuesday to hear from her. Florence did remove our fee for the food order from the bill and asked us to leave the pool. After leaving 2 notes, and a phone message for Sherri Erickson, she responded at 11:30 am on May 28. I explained my experience and she constantly interrupted avoiding/denying all . She told me she was busy in a meeting and it felt like it on the call with her. She was rude and unhelpful. She had excuses for all. Even when I was sharing with her my interaction with maintenance staff, front desk staff & security, she was annoyed.  She continually cut me off in mid sentence and told me she was not responsible. She told us the Alexis Park website clearly states the pool condition.It does not state NO LIFEGUARDS so pools may not be used. And our room cards opened the fence around the pool so how was anyone supposed to know it was off limits? So I get my bill, The manager Sherri did remove (1) night due to the pool issue and the other manager Florence did remove our food charges, HOWEVER a new surprised emerged, charges for Internet Service. We never used it. Now I am going to need to dispute this as well. So there you have it. Amazing time in Las Vegas, but so sad to see a GM not take responsibility for her staff or crew at a once nice place to stay. When I asked  if I can speak with someone else above her, she told me it was not possible as the property is now owned by a Chinese company that cannot be reached. She is the last line for service.
4	Not as bad as you might think based on other reviewsI have been here a cuple of times in recent years and I actually enjoy my stays there.I like the fact that is only 2 floors high. Plenty of parking available no matter how busy they are.  3 decent pools, no further comment since I rarely get in the pools.The times I've been there, service has been great, nice and helpfull, then again only interaction was check in and check out. Rooms are clean, spacious, and have a small kitchenette.a few block from the strip, good and bad, Prices are great,
1	This place is terrible. Paint in tub peeling away, old TV in living room with non working remote  (called and they didn't replace it the second time) POOL CLOSED AT 6pm!!! (Who does that in Vegas) and they had to close one if their pools because people complained it was dirty! Towels giving are ripped! And walking by the towel crate a lot of the towels they were giving to people were ripped. But CLEANING LADY WAS NICE.. I would never stay here again!
4	We loved our stay! They honored the room for a cheaper price. Our room included a small kitchenette with its own living room space and a pull out sofa. The bathroom also had a jacuzzi (which we didn't get to use). The carpet was clean, the beds were made and clean, as well as the bathroom! There are three pools one open till 8pm. The second was under maintenence and the third was open 24 hours. They looked clean. On Friday we got to the bar lounge about fifteen minutes before the HAPPY HOUR was over, and we were able to order the CALAMARI, 2 ORDERS KF CHICKEN TENDERS, SOUTH WESTERN EGG ROLLS, AND 2 ORDERS OF WINGS, 4 BEERS AND 4 VODKA CRANBERRY well drinks for about $45! I'll definitely be staying here again!
4	I don't understand why so many people have given this property negative reviews! I have loved every minute of my stay. My room was huge! Very clean, king size bed, little kitchenette, huge bathroom with a jacuzzi tub, very spacious living room & bedroom. & the complimentary toiletries are neutrogena! Can't comment on the pools or the restaurant as I didn't utilize either, but as far as the accommodations go, I will certainly be back. It's quiet, spacious & affordable! Nice to get away from the chaos of the strip. But only about 15 minutes away walking. Highly Recommend!!! My only complaint is I was mischarged at the time of booking, and although the money was refunded, those funds were held on my debit card for several days. It was a mistake but still frustrating. Other than that, I would suggest this property to anyone for a clean, quiet stay in vegas!
2	We stayed almost a week. I actually got married 5 years ago in the "wedding Bells Chapel" beautiful; however, we did not stay here. Naturally I thought the hotel would be beautiful and amazing as well. I was wrong. The appear to be understaffed in that the front desk hardly answered the phone. We had to consistently call for toilet paper and clean towels. The fridge did not stay closed completely so we had to double check to make sure it was closed so food wouldn't go bad. I read other reviews that said it was amazing and had a 24 hour pool.... This was not our experience. I have stayed at. Resorts before and this place does not make the cut. The staff was generally friendly; however, the service left much to be desired. I don't believe the place had sufficient staff to accommodate the vast amount of people this weekend. In order to provide quality service they should correct this immediately or not try to accommodate too many large groups they cannot provide quality service to.
1	Do not stay here! First of all, the pictures on the website look nothing like the actual room. The decor is hideous. Other than that, everything else about this place is terrible. One pool was completely shut down during our stay. Room service NEVER came to clean our room or restock the bathroom or take out the trash and when I did call to request more towels they said they would charge me extra. The ice machine was broken so we had to walk to the pool area, which was really far away. THERE ARE FROGS EVERYWERE!!! I didn't even want to take certain routes because of all the frogs. To top it off, I called guest services to request an additional key or to get someone to open my room and they told me I COULD LEAVE THE PREMISES instead! As i sat outside my room door waiting for my friend with a key to come home, they had security come by, asking if I was staying here and what I was doing outside when the security guard was already informed of my circumstances, and was treating me like I was stupid. I have NEVER felt so disrespected or have been treated so rudely in my entire life. I have stayed in many Vegas hotels and this was by far my worst experience. It is so much more worth it to spend a little extra and stay and a nice hotel on the strip.
3	I stayed here recently for five nights with my two kids. It was not bad. The shuttle driver was really on top of his game and very timely. The a/c in my room was set at 62 but was really not blowing much cool air. The customer service was good and the room was like a mini apartment. It wasn't super nice, but it was not bad either. My kids enjoyed the pools and they were clean and I had a great rate of $54 per night.
1	Don't stay here. Trust me. It's BAAAAAADDDD. I've stayed at some pretty sketchy spots. I'm by no means a princess and can handle outdated decor, older bathrooms, even rude customer service reps -- but I can't handle bugs. Nope. We arrived at our hotel around midnight after a 10 hour car ride. We checked in and headed to our rooms. We set our luggage down and, no exaggeration, noticed we had been greeted by no less than ten (these ones were dead) bugs in the kitchen. My husband checked out the bathroom (where we saw one of those filthy bathtubs other yelpers had mentioned) and the bedroom and, lo and behold, bugs EVERYWHERE. I assumed they were bed bugs. I had remembered a yelp review I read about this place weeks before where a person stated that they found bugs in their room but when they told the front desk about it, the person working stated that the hotel workers would need to 'verify' that -- and that if the hotel workers don't find bugs there to back up this reviewer's claim, then there was nothing she (the service rep) could do for this person. So, I had my husband grab the clear bag in the trash can and bag one of those nasty pests up. I had a feeling the person at the front desk was going to pull the same on me. I was right. As SOON as I mentioned there being bugs in my room, the manager told me just what a manager had told that previous Yelper -- that she would need someone from her staff to verify there are bugs in the room. I told her I was a step ahead of her and showed her the one my husband put in the bag. One would think that at this point, any decent customer service rep would be apologetic even a little bit -- but instead of doing ANYTHING to try to fix the situation, she once again said that she needed a staff member to verify that there were bugs in our assigned room. I asked her if she was implying that, after driving 10 hours and eager to get both myself and my young kids to bed, I brought dead bugs with me to plant there so that I could then deal with the hassle of finding another hotel in the middle of the night. She didn't answer. Oh, she kept condescendingly saying, 'those aren't bed bugs' under her breath -- so I asked her what she thought they were. Her reply? 'They look like baby cockroaches to me...' -- Well, then! By all means, take my money so I can vacation at this dump!I asked for an immediate refund. She said she couldn't give me one unless someone else rented our room in our spot. I was FLOORED. I was so rattled and disgusted that I told her to keep my damn first night's payment -- for now -- and that I would deal with it after our trip very publicly. Only then was she miraculously able to issue my refund (likely because other people entered the lobby and I was speaking loud enough for them to hear). She told me the $125 deposit that was taken out when I checked in had been cancelled and that I would need to wait for my bank to release funds. Fine. I just wanted out of that hellhole. We decided to go to Circus Circus (I told you I wasn't a demanding princess) and were very satisfied with the place. Got some sleep and checked on my bank balance the next morning only to realize that the $125 deposit Alexis Park took out when we checked in was actually for $338!!!! How does this happen? Is this some scam they run on people? Where did that number even come from? I'll never know, as the customer service rep I contacted by the phone 'didn't know' herself. My lesson in all of this -- listen to the majority of yelpers. The *only* reason we even booked rooms here was because my daughter was going to participate at a dance convention and competition at this place. But never again will I stay at a place with this many bad reviews. Also, we had many dance friends who made the trip to Vegas as well. Some also stayed at Alexis Park Resort -- both friends had bugs in their rooms (the manager told them they were bugs who can't be avoided in areas with high temperatures lol) and one had a broken cabinet with nails sticking out of it. Classy. My husband doesn't refer to this place as 'Alexis Park Resort' -- he now calls it 'The Last Resort' -- because it really should be. For anyone.
1	Beware!Words can't describe enough about our experience but just look at the photos we took of our room (photos 121-124) upon check -in this past weekend (these photos only show a sampling of the room's condition).  None of the TV remote controls work; the refrigerator was filthy with leftover food/drink spills just to name a few.  This place must have had a few rooms "renovated" and I guess that is why there were a few good reviews.  Our room was old and dirty so the nice pictures of rooms on their website no way represent the room we stayed in. The pool had tons of undesirable "stuff" floating.  It was just so disgusting it doesn't deserve even 1 star!!!  What  do you expect from a motel calling itself a resort?  Surely is a stretch!
1	I will never ever recommend this hotel to anyone I value. I thought the room was spacious enough but my husband woke up with several bites on his body from some type of bug. That is a deal breaker! And to top it off we made a complaint, someone came out to "investigate" and nothing was ever done. Absolutely no compensation.
1	DO NOT STAY HERE!!!   Bought a special for this place off of groupon. 1st off they did not have enough blankets or sheets for us.  I told them we were 4 adults.  We had the crown suits there is a king bed and a queen size pullout couch.  Why on earth they would not make the pullout couch or at least leave some blankets and pillows I don't know.  In the morning I woke up to 4 in welcomed guest in our room.  WARMS!  Why on earth there were warms I have no idea they weren't even by the door there were the cream color ones.   As I look for more I discover DOG hair everywhere.  So of course they has not cleaned the room before us.  Next time I would rather sleep in my car then to stay here!   Worst hotel experience ever!
1	The absolute worst customer service ! Booked our hotel through hotels.com but when we got there they tried to double bill us saying no payment was received . After talking with the manager and showing our payment she basically said tough luck , we then spent 20 minutes having to deal with getting her to talk with hotels.com to realize we had paid . Then she informs us that instead of the $25 card hold per night we would be charged a $250 hold because we are local ! Are you kidding me ?!?! In a town that give discounts to locals you charge more for a crappy little hotel !!! Gross rooms with dirty walls and broken furniture do not require such a large hold ! Checking out was even more fun when we had to deal with all of this again ! I understand mistakes but to do it twice and basically be told both times how wrong we are is ridiculous . Pay the extra $30 a night and stay at another hotel that actually appreciates local business
3	Great priced room, convenient location, and friendly staff. We payed $600 for 5 nights, we thought it was a great deal being across the street from the Hard Rock and only a short walk to the strip. The pool was a bit rough though, super hot and a lot of gross stuff floating around in it. You get what you pay for and for the price we paid we were satisfied.
2	I was really hesitant about this place after I read the yelp reviews....but because I was with a group and someone else was in charge of booking the hotel (and they already purchased a deal on Groupon), there was nothing I could do. There were so many things wrong with this hotel.  First of all, they had errors with saving reservations made on Groupon.  My friend bought two rooms, but only one was reserved.  They accused us of not calling ahead of time, but we did because we had gone through Groupon and wanted to be sure.  Because they had events going on that weekend (there were 3 weddings that day), they could only provide me a room that wasn't even ready, in my opinion.  I was pretty frustrated because it was getting late/almost early morning after a sucky traffic-y 6-hour drive from Los Angeles.  Second, the guy checking us in was so rude.  He kept telling us to refer to the fine lines on Groupon (He sounded like he didn't read them himself because nothing on the Groupon mentioned anything he was talking about.)  He could not resolve the issue for us, and he was the night manager.  If I hadn't brought up the suggestion (which worked), he would have left us hanging.  Third, that room they provided had 2 maggots on the floor..  Luckily I didn't stay in that room, but that is disgusting!!  Fourth, the room that I stayed in had dripping AC.  Las Vegas is in the desert and it is HOT.  We have to have AC on all day, and it was constantly dripping.  It dripped all day and dripped all night - my friend could not sleep at all.  She had to sleep on the couch because it was bothering her.  Early morning at 7am the next day, we called to see if any rooms became available (my suggestion).  There was a room that we wanted, and they were able to move us.  However, our biggest complaint was that nothing was done on their end to make up for our inconvenience for the night.  They blamed the circumstances on Groupon (whose customer service was SO much better), even though we had called to verify our reservations by phone. This hotel is really below average.  You get what you pay for..and might even be ripped off.  The gym and 3 pools are freely accessible by hotel residents.  Only the big pool by the office has a water fountain.  Accessing the resort is simple - it's a long oval shape with the office at the front.  The odd-numbered buildings are on one side, the even-numbered are on the other.  Next time I'm going to the Venetian..
1	I stayed here this past weekend.  This isn't the first time I've been here.  I've learned from previous experience not to dine at the restaurant here at Alexis Park.  However, this past weekend I experienced the following:*found a cockroach in the bathroom*no housekeeping - when we called we were told housekeeping was gone for the day*kids were kicked out of the pool because the lifeguard didn't show up for work*leak in the ceiling*double charged for incidental fee and still not refunded back after we were told 24 hour reimbursement*stood around at the bar for 10 minutes with no bartender at 10:00pm on a Friday night (shouldn't the bartender be bartending especially on a weekend?)*ATM in the lobby didn't work the entire weekendI've had friends stay here with varying levels of horrible customer service experience.  When you confront the management they act like they were expecting you to complain.  As if to say, "you chose to stay at this sh**hole so you deal with it; not our problem."  The employees here have no pride in their place of business.  I've seen the maintenance crew flick their cigarettes on the ground.  I've argued with waitresses in the restaurant, etc.  When you talk to the front desk they act surprised as if they didn't know they just f'ed something up.  I will forever tell people what a dump this place is.
1	Who is running this place? I have stayed in numerous hotels and have NEVER had such a bad experience. I don't even know where to start. All three days we've been here, have been unpleasant. Definitely would not stay here ever again. Some idiot was outside at 9am blowing into a dang trombone for hours. Don't understand that. Called front desk, they put us on hold forever. Housekeeping never came to our room, even after we called to make sure they were coming. The only good thing about this place, is the 24hr pool in the back. Highly do not recommend.
3	Giving this place a 3 stars is being generous. Too many things went wrong; things that should be quite simple in the hotel/resort business. CONS:After a long 4 hour drive , we were anxious to check in and just die in our room but that did not happen. Our room key wasn't working and we had to wait a good 40 minutes out in the scorching heat for someone to come help us. And when they finally got the door open, they were working on the door for about 30 more minutes just to let us know that they can't replace the battery on the door. We had to pack up again and move into another room..Another thing is that everything in the hotel just seemed so used or old and I just felt iffy about touching certain things in there.PROS:They understood the inconvenience and offered to have us stay for 2 nights for the price of one. It was cool how it was a two story layout, not something you see everyday I really enjoyed the cool features in their pool such as the big water fountain and all of the blow up balls, that was certainly my favorite part of this resort.The staff was very friendly and helpful..for the most part.Overall I mean I really think they should consider making this place into an apartment rather than a resort because that's what it felt like to me. It wasn't a bad place, it just wasn't exactly a "resort"
1	We have been coming to this hotel for about 5 years but only because our business and a couple conventions here every year. Some of the remodeled rooms are ok but if you get a bad room here, it can be really bad. I have seen bugs in every room I have ever had here which is really gross. The housekeeping is the worst as well. Nothing is ever clean and even the new sheets are usually dirty. I implore you to never move a couch because you honestly do not want to know what is underneath them
5	I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel. I booked it though Groupon- $123 for 2 nights with a queen bed and little kitchenette with a fridge and sink. It has 3 pools (one is currently having work done on it) and one of them is open 24 hours, with a jacuzzi as well. It's about a mile away from the strip which is a little bit of a bummer, but I would definitely come back
1	This place sucks! The guy at the front is rude! They tell you don't worry about your room and give it away and them tell you too bad!!! Rooms are dirty too! Never again will I stay here!
2	Found a deal on Groupon for this place so thought I'd give it a shot.  In a word...eh lol. Don't think  we'll be back here.  2 out of 3 pools were closed in July. Yes in SUMMER they had 2 of their pools closed.  Really?? Last one looked greenish so we didn't even chance going in.  Sucked because that's what I was most looking forward too. :/ and apparently after talking to anther couple there.... the "greenish" pool was actually an improvement over the previous day!  We complained about it to the front desk... they were very short, non professional and very blah.  I don't b think we got one smile or "enjoy your stay" which was also a disappointment.  :/ bathroom was spacious but the tub was cracking and the room was extremely dusty!   The only perks I can say was the pool view room,  decent sized rooms and the location. We won't be coming back here.
4	I was very comfortable in our room. Bugs come with the desert environment, the room was not infested. Got a really good deal, and would stay here again
4	Very clean and well up kept hotel. .. very friendly staff and prompt with needs. .Clean pools and close to everything and away from the strip and nestled in very quite area and close to airport and the casino hard rock. .. would come here again.
4	I recently was in charge of hosting a meeting for an organization I'm affiliated with at the neighboring UNLV campus. A handful of members in my organization, including myself, booked rooms through Alexis Park. Generally speaking, we all had a great time and positive experience.I booked a large, 2 bed suite for a very reasonable price. While the rooms themselves look pretty out-dated, Alexis provides a lot of great amenities. The staff here is real friendly and easy to work with. Although the location isn't on the strip, it is right across the street from the Hard Rock and there are a handful of good restaurants/liquor stores in walking distance.The only real con was the showers. The bathtub in our room looked like the Hulk got into a fight in it; there was huge cracks in the wall and tub itself. Would be cool if they could renovate these. Other than that, I would definitely look into staying here again in the future!
1	"Do not stay here!!!!! I repeat DO NOT STAY HERE! This place gives you the runaround for everything ! I am being charged 150$ For leaving my room "trashed" since when is a few unmade beds and glitter from a Halloween costume considered trashed! This place is ridiculous. I have been calling for a week now and this mysterious "sherry" General Manger is nowhere to be found. Oh and she will transfer you to another department right when she's heading to her lunch break. Horrible service. I'm tempted to drive from Los Angeles to Las Vegas just to yell at them in person. I also feel like the housekeeping staff are disgruntled and instead of cleaning and doing their jobs  they find ways of making more money by setting up guests. Also, I keep calling after I finally get a hold of the manager and now I am being ignored. Anyone else want to sue?
1	Found dark long hair on bath room floor,  I am blonde. Stayed here . Part of World Wide Vacations,  paid 50 for 2 nights and had to set through a 120 minute sales pitch. Not worth it.  I would have rather paid 100 for 2 nights and stayed someplace else.
1	This review is just to give the heads up to management, that your reservations people need to know how to ask the pertinent questions to your customers, given that customers are outsiders and do not necessarily know the process that goes on behind that counter. Do not presume that customers know what you are talking about. Case in point: i bought a groupon for someone else's use, put it under their name since they are the guest. I have talked to 4 different people for 3 days, trying to follow up on the reservation. They all asked for my name. I had explained to all of them the situation. I even offered to give them the groupon order no. The guy, van, said it wouldnt help, they still cannot find the reservation under my name. Call in 24-48 hrs. On the day of the.check in, i called again. This time, shirley, asked a different question: is the reservation under my name or the guest's? I said the guests'. Oh, there it is. Its been there two days ago. But i wasnt able to give them this information because nobody asked, until shirley. All they had to do was ask the correct question. I am not from the hotel business. I dont know what information they should be looking for, but they are. They are the ones in the hotel business. They should know. Could have saved me a lot of stress over the past 3 days!
4	Overall it was a decent place in the budget. Maybe a couple blocks from the strip. It was very clean and roomie. My boyfriend and I definitely enjoyed our weekend stay here. Will come here again if nothing else is available.
5	I'm going to be very honest. I almost didn't book rooms here based on the yelp reviews. However, a friend of mine insisted I stay here and disregard what I had seen on yelp. He promised id thank him, and I definitely did. There were 5 people in our incredibly spacious room. Two double beds, pull out sofa, flat screen tv, separate living area, mini fridge. This room had no shortage of features! It is a short walk from the strip, about 10-15 minutes. But it's completely worth the price. Such a great value. Beds were comfortable, furniture was updated, and everything was clean. We had a great 4 day stay here! So glad I trusted my friends opinion!!
5	I had stayed here before prior to my most recent visit. They were able to check us in at 11, which was amazing since my flight arrived at 7am. after about 5 hours of being checked in we noticed a big leak in our restroom light fixture. But Florence, the supervisor on duty accomodated us and compensated us for the inconvenience. Very satisfied with the service, resort, and rates.
1	This place is really awful - we stayed in a suite the air condition didn't work at all - we found roaches in the kitchen area and the bathroom - customer service sucks I'm never staying at this place again !! They took over an hour to move us to another room. The taxi cabs can't pick you up in front of your room you have to walk all the way to the front. To accommodate us the manager Richard gave us free buffet voucher I left it in my room when I checked out. The manager Casey told us we had to go back to the room to get it. She made us feel like we were lying. We had to drive back to the room  came back and showed them the voucher. From day one to our last day this stay here was horrible.
1	This place sucks are room's had no Ac the manager had us moving room whit no help from them- we found bedbugs on the bed nasty place to stay at "Im never never staying here again " customers service sucks
2	I made the mistake of buying a groupon for this place. Main Pool was closed, ice machine broken, room was run down, as is this hotel overall. Wife was not happy. If you are going to "cheap it", you are better off looking for a deal on the strip. If you have kids, try the Emassy Suites (not the one near the airport) of Marriot Vacation Club. As a side note, some of the pictures posted here did not even remotely resemble our hotel room. Our room was slightly better than a motel 6. This place might have been a diamond in the rough in the 1980's.
4	This is my go to place to stay in Vegas.  The rooms are big, clean and have a kitchenette which is wonderful. Its non gaming so not smoky at all and great place to come back and relax after a night out in Vegas!  It's only about a mile walk down to the strip which is great and I love that it's right next to my favorite restaurant (Hofbrahaus).  I've stayed at many other places at Vegas and some are nicer (and a lot are much worse) but this is a great one for the price and for what you need.  They have 3 pools which are all nice and recently updated their workout room which is small but great for a hotel one.  Will keep on coming back to Alexis Park for my Vegas trips, hasn't let me down yet!
1	Last time I was here was 4 months ago and nothing had changed! BUGS BUGS BUGS!! Of course it is empty and the whole staff is just rude to the bone. They have absolutely nothing to do, why don't they clean the place and rid of the nasty bug infestation. It's an obvious problem! You walk around and see dead insects all over! The whole "resort" (more like a motel) is filthy, unhealthy and downright dangerous! Even the Las Vegas board of health shut them down From so many demerits!
3	So we stayed in this hotel for the 50th Mr. Olympiad competitions because it is near the convention center.  Overall, I'm not impressed with this resort.  I'm glad I didn't pay too much because I bought the deal on Groupon.  The plus:  easy parking, clean room, 2 pools on premises, decent sized bed, decent sized gym, small kitchenette w/sink & frig. The minus: the main pool is only open when lifeguard is on duty...stupid. No A/C (or broken) in the gym, in the bloody summer, in Vegas?  No central A/C in the room.
2	We give this place a 2 our of 5. Unlike some of the other reviews, we did not get the upgraded room. Our room was pretty old and run down. Furniture was old, bathroom tile was old and grungy, the tile in the kitchen was old and looked dirty, the room smelled like smoke, and the fridge door was broken. Thankfully we did not spend a lot of time in the room. We would ONLY stay here again if we get a good deal AND an upgraded/renovated room.
5	I stayed here 9/25-9/28/2014 and it was one of the best off the strip hotels I've ever stayed at. We had the Monarch suite which has 1 large bedroom and a large separate living room. It more than comfortably fits 4 people. The bathroom was large and had a jacuzzi tub which I definitely took advantage of.  There was a TV in the bedroom and one in the living room. The kitchenette had a bar and 3 high stools. Great area to set up a bar and mix drinks before heading to the strip. It also had a kitchen sink and a fridge with a little freezer which was useful. CVS is right on the corner which is very convenient. It's a huge property with three pools. The front desk was a little congested on Friday but that's typical anywhere in Vegas. But the manager handed out some of the best cookies I've ever had, warm and freshly baked, as well as a whole fruit plate while we waited which was a nice touch. The hotel is very clean and the staff was friendly and accommodating and there is a lot of parking.
5	I was a little nervous after reading reviews but went for this place anyways and I'm So glad I did! Every staff member was extremely helpful and gave us great tips. I was shocked to have a kitchenette in our room and a separate bedroom from main living room. Jacuzzi in room as well. It was really nice not being in a casino, which made for a more relaxing and low-key trip. The location is close to the strip, right across the street from some great restaurants and bars. I couldn't say anything bad!
4	We stayed four nights for a course. The suite was spacious, with a queen sized bed, sofa and kitchen. The staff, particularly Brenda, went out of their way to help. I rented a scooter due to MS and the walk to the strip.Nearby restaurants have lots of variety - we went to a Korean/Japanese fusion (delicious) and a Mexican (yummy).It would be great if they stocked the kitchenettes with cutlery. That's the only minor negative. I'd definitely go back.
1	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Heavy black mold on the bathroom ceiling, crumbs in the bed, loud creaking pipes 24/7 and terrible cable reception. That covers the immediate problems with the room itself.Planes fly overhead except between 2 am and 5 am and it rattles the whole building. I understand it's location but it is NOT worth the price since you just cannot sleep if you're a light sleeper. I have averaged about 2-4 hours a night between the planes and pipes.I'm an alternative, down to earth female who works in tourism back home, so I'm always sympathetic and patient with ALL workers in this industry. The staff here (save for one awesome valet) were horrible. It took them almost ten minutes to acknowledge my husband and I at the desk even though I was smiling and being very polite. They then twice refused to call a taxi for us and once "forgot" to call one while we stood outside. I know the difference between rude and oblivious. These people were rude.Internet at $14 extra per night is insane and again, for how expensive a run down, horrible place this is, the WiFi should have been less expensive.I can't think of very many nice things to say about this place. The furniture was decent. The fridge worked. The bathtub was filthy but it was really big. The mold though... sorry, I cannot accept the conditions here for the price.
5	Pleasantly surprised.  The suite looks more like a condo than a hotel room. I'm glad I didn't pay attention to any reviews or my husband and I would've missed out. Loved the jacuzzi, double shower , even the living area. Everything felt very" home like" . The linen was trendy and the bed was comfy. The gym was also clean and well maintained. We will definitely stay here again.
1	What can i say about this place... STAY AT YOUR OWN RISK!Stayed there for SEMA show 11/6/14 - 11/8/14 and with in hours of checking in, our stuff was stolen from our room.  DOOR CAN BE SHIMMED OPENED WITH CARD!!  It is suppose to be a non smoking room resort so all that stay there smoke in the halls, stairs and everywhere...Oh let me say something about the security staff, sr security unprofessional,  jr security interrogated us like we were the ones that stole our own stuff. Wtf...  NO SECURITY CAMERAS NEAR ROOMS, SO THIEVES HAVE A GREAT TIME.I also think they have some shady long term residents there, that probably stole our stuff, but we can't prove.As for our situation we asked to be moved rooms which they gave us (wrost room than what we had), they would not listen to us when we asked them if they could actually give us a little bit off the room or comp us in any way.  Nobody knew who is in charge and the front office staff was unprofessional.We actually decided to leave our baggage in our car as we cannot trust having our valuables left in the room.IF YOU LIKE GETTING YOUR STUFF STOLEN AND NO HELP FROM STAFF COME AND STAY HERE.  GOOD LUCK.
1	Worst Hotel ever to exist.  I know that the hotel around are a little more expensive.  But I would pay more not to have to deal with the front desk.  Most rude. Employees ever. Also the rooms are worth about 20$ a night and my reasons would be the fact that my car got broke into 2 nights in a row.  I left the doors unlocked and they still broke the windows.When I informed the front desk the red head manager who refused to give me her name.Said exact words " you park a brand new truck here what did you expect to happed"I said what.  Next response was classic.Her words . " Well why did u stay here again if it happened last night.ans the camera are jut for us to watch most don't work . And told lvpd..they would have to get a Written order from the court before the would release the tapes.
2	Booked a room through groupon last month for my birthday, late arrival. I give an average 3/5 stars, basic room, nothing fancy. The nice part about it was it had a mini kitchen provided with a sink/fridge, chairs and pull out couch. flat screen tvI give 1 star because I arrived at 1:30am, my room was all the way in the back of the resort which made it look sketchy like I was in a CSI scene about to be kidnapped. Then my keys didn't work after multiple attempts, I had to wait 15 minutes for the security to open up my door. Lastly, I got no sleep. My room was on the first floor so I could hear the guests above running around their room and turning their water faucets on and off. So annoying. Window view was just dead grass.
5	My family and I stayed at the Alexis Park Resort's 2 story, 2 bedroom Regal Suite this holiday season. The suite we stayed in exceeded our expectations. It was very clean, updated and well maintained. Our suite was located in a very quiet area of the property. There was plenty of parking available with easy access to the suite. The hotel is located across the street from the Hard Rock Hotel and a short five minute drive to the strip. My family was happy because we did not have to deal with the crazy slot machines or hustle and bustle of the Las Vegas Strip.  The manager Casey Meyers did an excellent job at accommodating all of my requests. She was so welcoming and took great care of us. The customer service my family received from Casey along with the rest of the staff was wonderful and made us feel right at home. Thanks Casey for everything!
2	Stayed here using a groupon $50 a nite.  Good deal.  Stayed here and drove into Red Rocks for climbing.  Place is worth $50.  Semi clean, safe, lobby is pretty nice.  Just a block away from hard rock cafe casino.  We ate dinner at the pink taco inside the hard rock casino.  We had a 25% off from our hotel.  Food was good but the music was blasting way too loud.
1	Where do I start!! I got a great deal on grouponSo I was really excited. I did read some reviews after I had booked. But I didn't pay much attention I thought I give it a try. I thought how bad can it be! It was the worst experience ever!!!! Let me just say the lobby was nice it looked clean front desk was really nice. So I so happy and couldn't wait to go in room since I booked the suit with jacuzzi in my room. First thing I noticed as I left the lobby there was no Parking it was packed! I Eventually found a spot after 10min I get up to my room and I noticed the floors seemed dirty like no one moped then I start to feel all the dust up my nose. As I walking around the living room and upstairs to the room I notice the rug was dirty ass f*** toe nails ,Bobbie pins ,chips, screw nails lol I kinds of stuff and did I mention bugs!!!! I was so mad I called housekeeping and the lady was so mad when I pointed everything out! She told me she was tired of this lol then I told her there was no hand soap or bar she got even more mad! And said I don't have any. I asked her for two more towels she replied what for? I said well I need extras and she told me no I need to put them in other rooms. By this point I had enough once she left my room I went to target bought bleach and bleach my tub and jacuzzi!!! That's just the room! Then there is Street bombs living in the back of the hotel!!!! And smoking pot and who knows what! I was checking and checking on my car the hole night. And to top the cherry on top there airport plans pass like every 5seconds and that's all u hear all day and night so loud there is no relaxing! I do not recommend this place at all!!!!! This is horrible also btw!!!! I got bed bug bits!!!! On my feet  and legs I'm so serious guys!!!!!!!! I'm never going back even if it was free for life!!!! Never !!!!!!!!!
2	The husband and I were very hesitant in checking in after the reviews on  here. We purchased a Groupon they had for a very cheap price. We stayed here for the weekend after Thanksgiving and we even called another hotel on the way to Vegas in case this place was exactly how we read it was. The check-in was smooth the gentlemen in the front was polite. The lobby was clean. We liked that we were able to park next to the building we stayed in so that was a plus. The area is not so great but we were mainly concerned about getting our car broken into which we didn't. I did end up killing a small little spider by the door (inside) the hotel. We stayed on the second floor which was ok. This place is by an airport so you will hear planes either getting ready to land or taking off. I heard it all throughout the night good thing I'm not a very light sleeper but when I would wake up I can hear them all the time. Our stay was ok only one pool was opened not too bad since it was in late November and it was a bit chilly. Overall if your on a very low low budget stay here I guess. Maybe request the second floor so you won't get bug problems as much,  maybe??
4	I'm giving Alexis Park 4 stars today although they are really just a 3 star motel. They earned the extra star because the front desk manager, Maria, went out of her way to help me. I arrived tired after a 350 mile drive at 9:30 am, well aware I was way ahead of checkin time. The only clean rooms were not renovated and having stayed here before I knew that was not good. Maria kindly arranged for a temporary checkin so I could get washed and changed and go to work and promised faithfully she would hold a renovated room for me. When I got back after work, knowing the hotel is full I really didn't expect anything, but she had indeed switched me to a really nice very large room (not a suite - no problem). Nice and clean and warm. I've had a couple of other requests and all were met with politeness. Hopefully I won't have to knock off a star!As a frequent LV traveller, I've stayed at most of the hotels on and off strip. This place is best value for money. If you want a casino, or decent food, walk across road to Hard Rock. We all complain so much, I wanted to give credit where it's due.
4	What it is: decent size "suites" with a budget friendly price tag, clean, reasonably well maintained and on the CES shuttle route.  A bit dated on the decor, but who cares!What it isn't: posh, upscale, or recently renovated, although they so have pool #2 closed for renovation this winter.What you really need to know: bring ear plugs if you are a light sleeper as you can hear the airport from here (not extremely loud, but noticeable). WiFi is $13 a day in the room, but free in the lobby.  Pool #3 is the heated one that is open year round. A cab ride from the LVCC is about $10. What I liked the least: the sofa is a sleeper and pitches forward like almost all sleeper sofas do. But hey, if you are all friends, the sleeper sofa means more people per room and lower per person cost.What I liked the most: the room was about the size of the smallest apartment I ever lived in and has a kitchenette.It's not swanky or flashy, or on the strip, but it is a reasonable hotel for a reasonable rate.PS if you are on an early or late flight, plan on taking a cab, the shuttle runs 7am to 9pm only,
1	Complete dump.  Hotel staff was rude, bed was not comfortable, and while I was there (which was during CES, Las Vegas' busiest trade show), the hotel was out of soap.  The desk clerk said it wasn't their fault because it was back ordered.  I guess all of the other hotels in Las Vegas figured this one out, but for some reason, the guys at Alexis couldn't see this one coming.  Never again.  This was booked through my work's travel department, and I'll be making a point to never go there again.
