4	I was walking around the neighborhood and saw this place was open in the old Barber Shop.  (What happened to Savory?)  Yay!  So I went in.  The display case was very tempting, but I am the world's biggest cherry fan, so I got a cherry galette -- a little bit larger than the cherry danish at La Brioche -- and a Salted Caramel Poptart.  There were also chocolate/peanut poptarts, Brown sugar/cinnamon poptarts, and hazelnut.  And a whole lot of savory pies -- but I'm a fruit pie type of guy -- and a nice looking gluten free chocolate cream pie on a nut crust.  I have the feeling that any pie you requested could be made.The Cherry galette was delicious.  The tartness of the cherries shone through (I've lost count about the number of overly sweetened tart cherry pies I've had) beautifully and the crust was buttery and flaky -- but it didn't fall apart while you ate it, so it's not too flaky if you know what I mean.  Just right!I'm sorry they're not open before I go to work.  These would be perfect for something to take into the office.  The poptarts would go over very well -- the salted caramel was a nice combo of sweet and salty.I eagerly await peach season.  Fresh peach pie is second to none -- except maybe sour cherries! -- in my opinion.
1	I paid 25 dollars for a lemon meringue pie.  It looked great!  We went to serve it and the lemon filling inside spilled out everywhere like milk.  Whoa!  We tasted it, and the flavor was really good, but no one was expecting a watery pie with meringue on top for 25 bucks.  Yikes!      Of course, if no one was worried about the appearances at all, we could have just used a straw to slurp up all the runny insides.
5	Allow me to re-introduce myself!  My original lemon meringue pie was runny, and I should have mentioned it straight away to Humble, but I didn't.  Instead I just complained about it on Yelp.  Despite this lapse in judgement, the folks at Humble contacted me saying this was most likely the fault of a malfunctioning oven and that they would like to make me a new one free of charge.  I took them up on this offer and the second one was outstanding in every way.  It held together as expected, and it tasted fantastic.  They also gave me a 25 dollar gift certificate to use for next time!    Their customer service went above and beyond, and I could tell they really, REALLY wanted to make it right.  This was wonderfully refreshing, especially nowadays where most consumers are made to feel like just another number.  Thank you ladies, your pies are wonderful, and so are you!
5	I just died & went to mini pie heaven.  Stopped in for the first time today, recommended by friends who live in the neighborhood. What took me so long?  I'm usually in a hurry when driving past & the lack of parking was a bit of a negative to me.  After getting two sweet pies (blueberry thyme goat cheese & sour cherry galette) to go, I can say the parking will no longer be an issue for me... I'd walk (okay, run 'cuz I need those pies in my mouth faster) blocks in order to get my fix in the future.  I meant to save one of the pies for later... well, that didn't happen.  Can't wait to stop in again & try the savory pies.  I've heard the chicken pot pies are phenomenal.
5	I have now tried five different varieties of Humble's creations.  Each one was outstanding. I live in the neighborhood and will return again, and again.  The crusts are sublime and the fillings magnificent.  Some have noted that they are "pricey."  I say that perfection is worth it; every penny.  I am a baker myself, my mother was a wonderful baker, and I have patronized fine bakeries in other parts of the country and the world.  Humble is right up there with the best.
4	Very pricy for not much food. That being said, the pies are great. Wish the hours were a little better, I would go more if so.
5	We stumbled in with four college students and another teenager (and a pair of foodie parents) this afternoon for a little something for the sweettooth... What a great surprise! We'll be back... Yum!  Loved the customer service, too.
5	To eat humble pie means to apologize and to face humiliation for a serious error. Yet, contrary to what the idiom implies, eating humble pie courtesy of Humble will not cause humiliation. In fact, the only potential error in this scenario would stem from one's failure to bask in the deliciousness that is Humble. For within the close confines of this corner bakeshop rests a highly concentrated aroma of caramelized sugar and autumnal spices heartily injected with a dose of bonafide love. It's just like grandma's house.The bakery also engages pie fans with its deliciously enervating Facebook posts. While these viral announcements are most certainly not in your body's best interest, these guys offer true therapy for the soul. Not much can brighten the day more than reading rapturous descriptions of the bakery's daily menu, laden with pictorial representations of their latest sugary concoctions.The name Humble serves as a sincere embodiment of the way in which sisters and co-owners of the pie shop -- Shelly Cross and Jill Long -- run their business. Devoted to the concept of extracting bold flavors out of a modest set of ingredients, Humble expertly resembles the degree of humility and delicious subtlety that its name implies. With an admirable dedication to locally-sourced, farm-fresh ingredients, Humble offers pies that are both estimable for their divine flavor profiles and dedication to the sustainable food movement. With a tantalizing menu of sweet and savory pies that rotates based on local availability, each week delivers a wonderfully unforeseen array of seasonally-inspired pie varieties.Humble pies thankfully come in more than nine shapes and sizes, which allow for great versatility for customers and their various events. Free-form slab pies and large rustic tarts offer copious amounts of sugary goodness, while the rustic pinch pies and tiny pie bites are perfection in terms of indulgence for one. Regardless of size, Humble blurs the line between sweet and savory by making pies that gloriously meld both of these two distinct taste classes. Most recently, their menu has incorporated the wondrous tastes of fall with the classic sweet flavors of pumpkin, apple, rustic plum, salted honey, pecan and cardamom sweet potato, as well as the more savory flavors with bacon leek potato quiche, chicken pot pie, rosemary grape and goat cheese pasty.A fair amount of new flavor developments can also be found on the menu, specifically in the form of a delightful maple glazed sweet potato goat cheese galette. An indulgently flaky brandied apricot and brie hand pie as well as an innovative creamy chocolate tart in a parmesan walnut crust join these tasty concoctions. In spite of the ever-changing pie varieties at Humble, the selection is not complete without the nearly unfailing presence of one of the shop's best sellers: the chocolate peanut butter pie. A classic fixation of all two-legged beings who are fortunate enough to not have a peanut allergy, chocolate and peanut butter are the perfect dessert partners-in-crime. Their compatibility beats that of peanut butter and jelly any day, and Humble's version of the classic duo certainly proves it.Humble is excellence on all levels. Their minimalistic approach to the art of pie craft combined with constant development of their weekly menu is commendable. Eat Humble pie and be humbled by its sheer deliciousness.
5	Love this place.  I have been searching for somewhere that made pies as good as my dad's and these people nailed it.  For me it is all in the crust and their crust is very flaky.  We stopped in on a Saturday and the shop is cute and cozy.  Just a little random trivia...it used to be a barbershop years ago.  I had a sweet potato cardamom tart and took a Fall Apple tart home with me.  Both were delicious.  I will definitely go back to try the savory pies, but I have found my new go to place for pie when the craving hits.
5	My family and I made a trip to Humble a couple of Saturdays ago.  Everything in the case looked so good...we basically got one of everything! ;) Okay, not really, but we did get four things for two adults!  My favorite was the mini key-lime pie. I was expecting the crust to be hard, but it was a perfect flaky pastry crust. We also had two hand pies - one blueberry bourbon (my least favorite, but still excellent) and one apple ginger raspberry (so good!). My second favorite item was a mini sour cherry pie, which was so fresh and tart.  My husband I were pretty much fighting over the cherry pie!  My only sadness was that none of the savory pies were vegetarian friendly that day, so I didn't get one - but I will be back to check out their selection!  The guy working was incredibly friendly and helpful - the whole experience was fantastic. Go there! Now!
5	I live right around the corner, and I am ashamed to say that I just went in for the second time.  My mom and I stopped in and got a rhubarb, raspberry and ginger crescent pie thing (I forgot what they're called!) and a caramel filled mini pie with chocolate on top.  They were amazing!  We heated them up a little bit and they were SO GOOD.  Definitely going to make this a new weekly trip.  Thanks!
4	I drive by this place everyday on my way to and from work and always sit at the stoplight tempted to go in. But i'm always in a rush to get to work or tired on my way home. But! One day I parked the car and finally made it in. The interior is a cute space with some seats available. I ended up getting one savory and one sweet pie. The bacon Swiss and leek savory and blueberry bourbon pie.I appreciate that they use an all butter crust. It tasted homemade and I mean that in the good sense. The bacon Swiss and leek was very good. Blueberry bourbon was not overly sugary so I got to enjoy the flavors. These pies are a little bit on the pricier side for me so I would only go there as a special treat. But I will definitely stop by sometime again.
4	Great taste, but if you eat them on-site and want them warm, they microwave them, which as anyone who's ever microwaved pie knows is less than ideal. Free (hot) coffee for students and free wifi is a nice touch, so if they had a toaster oven for in-house pies this would be a 5-star review. Also note: they add tax to price if you eat on-site but take it out of listed price if you get food to go.
4	I had a apple pie and it was wonderful.  I ate it so quickly, I had to order the banana cream pie to go...$4 per slice was a bit steep but because they were so tasty and the place had so much character, I think they can get away with it.  It is great to have another place to go to just hang out, rather than having to go to a cupcake place, because naturally, that is the other place I hang out...The apple pie crust was on point.  I dislike dry crusts but this was very moist and sweet.  The banana cream pie was more of a cup like crust and that one was a bit "crustier."  It was not my favorite crust but the filling was great.They also give free coffee to students.  I told them I was a teacher and he gave me the coffee anyways (not sure if this is for all teachers).  The store itself is kind of small but I love the personality of it.  They use a lot of local products.  The staff was also friendly and personable.  They wanted to know what I thought of the food and carried on a small conversation.  I will be back, and can not wait for fall pies!!
3	The disclaimer: I'm confident my 3-star review will be raised after subsequent visits. They are a relatively new business and god knows it can take a bit to work out the kinks! I love supporting local & sustainable businesses so I will be back.The background: Some friends and I stopped in on a Sunday afternoon looking to sit and have some coffee & pastries.The good: Fantastic service! From the girl at the register to the woman who brought our drinks to the woman whom I presume to be one of the owners I watched interact with a somewhat difficult customer, I was impressed with everyone's warmth & professionalism. The decor is also super cute, and they have a little stash of games to play while you eat--we played a couple rounds of Bananagrams, which was rad. They also make a mean thai iced coffee with grounds from Just Coffee Coop. And free wifi!The needs work: My blackberry balsamic hand pie was $4 and very small (I ate it in about 4 bites). The price seems high for Madison, but all ingredients are locally sourced so perhaps that's why. The girl at the register asked if I'd like it warmed up; I said yes, but I wish I hadn't, because she microwaved it and it took all potential crisp out of the crust and turned the pie pretty soggy. It also zapped some of the flavor out of the pie--you know how things just never taste as good after they're microwaved? Suggestion: a toaster oven! And if possible, larger hand pies.The conclusion: Loved the atmosphere, loved the business model, will keep them in mind for any baked goods order needs and a place to spend a cozy afternoon (next time sans microwaved pie.)
4	I love stopping in here and having a coffee and pie.  Savory, sweet or gillette there is something in the case for you.  My biggest suggestion, request, constructive criticism is to get a toaster oven.  I love my pie warm but not in a microwave.  All the love, nurturing and beauty that is created in that sweet little morsel is crushed to bits by the big bad microwave.  The owners are awesome and they showcase all sorts of local stuff.  This year for Thanksgiving I have talked my wife into letting us order one pie (she likes to make pie at the house). Go, sit, people watch and have pie and coffee (or wisco pop!) Now that is a great afternoon.
5	Oh my yum! I don't even remember the name of the my favorite thing I got there. It was something hazel nutty that kind of resembled a pop tart. Sweet swirling asparagus tips it was that good! This is definitely a place I will come back to when I am in need of a sweet treat!
5	Pie is good. But pecan and cardamom sweet potato pie is really good. The spiced flavor of the pie makes for a serious party in your mouth. Picture a cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger, cardamom and clove-type explosion. This pie packs a punch in terms of quality fall spices. That's not to mention the freshness of the main sweet potato component itself. The texture of the pie is beautifully reminiscent of a pumpkin pie, yet this version is amped up in terms of flavor profiles.It is not cloyingly sweet, as similar pumpkin pies often are. With this pie, Humble shows how versatile an ingredient like sweet potato is; its applicability spans from savory fare to sweet.Humble, you've done it again.
5	Balsamic Blueberry hand pie and sour cherry galette. Hands down the best petite pies I have had in Madison. The drink menu also sparked an interest for a second visit. They have Vietnamese coffee and various teas that I would like to try in the future. The pies had the flakiest and most delightful crust with the freshest fruits and mixture of flavors to balance out that light airiness. Seasonal menus make it even more worth the try. Was about $4 for each pie.
5	Humble provided an assortment of beautiful and delicious mini pies for our wedding this summer and we could not have been happier with choosing them!  We were tired of boring wedding cakes and wanting something different.  Not only do they taste great, but mini pies are so stylish and look great on a dessert table. Jill and Shelly were wonderful to work with, extremely accommodating and responsive. I love how they rotate their flavors to incorporate seasonal fruits. We chose the buttered rum apple, mixed berry with thyme, key lime, chocolate chess, and alabama pecan.....impossible to choose a favorite because they were all outstanding.  If you are looking for a unique and rustic dessert option for your wedding, look no further than Humble!
