5	This is one of the few secret places that sometimes I want to keep to myself because I'm afraid if they get a lot more people, either the quality will go down or the cost will go up. The thought is just for "sometimes" only.  Anyway, I found this place out after asking the people at the Fashion Mall Banana Republic store where they sent their clothes out for alterations and they referred me to Rose.  This place has been a place my family bring clothes to for alteration. The older couple basically do the alterations and their daughter manages the store. Believe me when I say that they are very very nice people. They always do a great job on all type of clothes, including thick jackets. The reason I mention jackets is because I brought to a few different places before I know about Rose and those stores made them look worse than what I brought in. If you use this place and agree with my review, share with other yelpers.
5	As Brandon and our five-star reviews say, Rose's cleaners is as good as it gets!!! This cleaner is a hole in the wall, and you would never notice this place unless you stop and look for it. I know I never did. The owners are Koreans, and Rose is super nice. Her parents do the actual alternations on site, and they seem to be very knowledgeable. When you walk in, the first thing you'll notice is that they have name-brands shopping bags and clothes all over the store. You know you are in good hands when you walk in because if Burberry has a alteration slips at this place, your  alterations are going to be done right. I have tailored suits that needed to be dry-cleaned. I was VERY happy with Rose's job. When I picked up the suits, they had that super clean and crisp feeling to them. Like I said, I was very happy. Then I had this Michael Kor beaded skirt that needed to be hemmed. It was a very difficult job because the entire skirt was beaded. I was going to wait till I go back to Hong Kong to have it hemmed since the seamstresses are more skilled back there. I brought it to Rose, and she gave it to her parents to look at it. They said they can do it without a problem. They charged me $35 for the alteration. I was not at all concern about the price, but I was so afraid they were going to ruin my skirt.The skirt was available for me to pick up after five days. I tried it on, and it was perfect!!! I was pleasantly surprised. I now have full confident that they can pretty much alter anything you want. Rose's has became my default dry-cleaner to go to. It is at a convenient location, and they really know what they are doing. If you have something expensive or just something that you love and need to be dry-cleaned, bring it to Rose's!
5	I have to say this business is very good and they have great prices. They have hemmed the pants for two suits of my boyfriend.I also have to apologize to Rose. I lost your cell no. and couldn't text you about the Asian Food festival. I'm so sorry! :(
5	Took my jeans here to get hemmed with great hesitation despite the glowing and positive reviews. Why? Because I have long legs and I like what I like and what I like are Hudson jeans. Hudson has two inseam sizes: petite and jolly green giant. I am on the taller side, but still need about 2-3 inches trimmed off a regular pair of jeans. I've had jeans hemmed other places before with disastrous results and I'm happy to have found this place. The seamstress was friendly and I felt was sensitive to my concern about my jeans being hemmed too short. I asked to keep the original hem which she said was no problem. When I asked for dry cleaning she took a careful look at my jeans and told me it wasn't necessary. She actually kind of recommended against it to preserve the life of the jean and instead told me to only wash them when absolutely necessary. Febreze treatment it is!The turnaround was about a week and when I got them back they fit perfectly and she only charged me $16 to alter and retain the hem. I've paid all over the board for alterations and this was reasonable and priceless at the same time because she did exactly what I asked her to.Service was friendly and I think they prefer cash over card for smaller purchases like mine. Jean alterations are a pretty good test of a seamstress and Rose's passed the test!
5	I am slim and always have a hard time finding a well fitted suit... until I was introduced to Rose's. It is a family run business where the father is superb at alterations. He was able to reconstruct my suit to fit me PERFECTLY.  The prices here ate also very reasonable. I've been a customer for years and have brought many suits here. I highly recommend Rose's!!
2	read good reviews about this place so i decided to bring in my tent rainfly that i wanted to have the door replaced. i was helped by a younger woman, probably the daughter. the older woman was working and the older man was sewing. i explained what i wanted and she kinda just looked at me trying to think what to tell me.the old guy started to speak in korean and glanced over and said in korean "tell him we cant do it." hmm ok... he didnt even take a second to look at it. then the daughter said something like "it could take 12 (mumbling) a long time, were backed up and it could take a long time. it might be expensive, maybe buy a new tent.""12 months?""no one month""oh ok...""maybe take it to mikes shoe repair""ok thanks... bye"so not much help here and not friendly much. maybe because i was wearing a military jacket or maybe cus i didnt "look" like a clean cut typical korean. but i found that i get treated differently by koreans depending on how i dress. even if they didnt intend to, they sure made me feel that way. i went to euphoria fashion up the road where they guy actually took the time to look at my tent and told me one week and $30 bucks. way better service.
5	He is the real deal. I always take My clothes, suits and or any leather repairs also too him. I trust nobody else with my clothing.
5	The lady runs this with her parents (her name isn't Rose) and they do an awesome job! She also gave me a discount out of nowhere when I came to hem two of my dress pants.This is my to-go place now since they're reliable, on time, and the prices are pretty reasonable. Hemming for pants is $10 each and different tailoring are differently priced. Just call and ask!I wasn't in a rush to get my pants back so I gave her however much time she needed to hem but timing doesn't seem much of a problem for them. Of course, as I haven't needed anything done quickly, I can't really judge there yet. :)
5	Brought in my bridesmaids dress for alterations. They were very friendly and helpful. The lady definitely knew what she was doing. Got the dress in 2 weeks and was very happy w quality and pricing.
5	Such great service & reasonably priced. I brought in two jackets and a vest for dry cleaning and two buttons to be sewed. Upon checkout, she mentioned that they also tightened all the current buttons on the jacket as well. Great job!!
5	The lady that runs this place is really nice and if you're getting an alteration, she explains what exactly they are going to do. I decided to come in to have my suit jacket sleeves shortened, after being recommended by fellow Yelpers. The lady explained that the particular jacket I had was more difficult because I had real working buttons, but that they could shorten it and have new faux button holes made. I then asked her about the length of my jacket, which seemed a little long to me, which she agreed but said that it looked good on me and that it was not necessary unless I really wanted to pay to have it done since you couldn't really tell. She told me she would only charge $30 to shorten my sleeves and make new button holes and that it would take about a week.I came back in about 10 days later to pick up my jacket and tried it on in the store. It fit great and they did a great job with the sleeve alteration. The lady explained to me that they actually cut and hemmed the sleeve while also tapering it so that it wouldn't look weird. The button holes looked good too and everything looked like it was even. I would definitely recommend this place if you need alteration work done. This is the bulk of their business, as I didn't really see any laundry or dry cleaning equipment in their small little shop. They also do work for Burberry stores since I overheard the lady talking to a Burberry employee while I was there.
5	I take all my clothes here for alterations and cleaning. They always do excellent work, pay attention to detail, and make sure I leave looking great. The prices are fair, but the work high quality.  They appreciate repeat customers and will makes sure your clothes are ready on time to your satisfaction. I took in 3 suits, 3 shirts, and 4 pairs of slacks and they made sure each piece fit great before I left. One of the shirts was a little tight in the chest and they fixed it on the spot.
5	This is the best and only place to go to for alterations in Las Vegas. I found out about this family owned business through a friend. I have brought in so many pieces of clothes to be altered and some basically redesigned. I have had curtains made and even my wedding dress altered here. Now, you don't just go to anyplace to get your wedding dress altered, and mine needed a lot of work, but I was confident that Yoonah and her mom would do a remarkable job. They have exceeded my expectations with everything I have brought them to fix. Their pricing is the best in town and hands down, so is there work. They really care about your stuff and have always gone above and beyond.
1	They might be good for women, but the cannot tailor a suit. They ruined my brand new expensive suit. They closed suit panels and rebuilt the entire jacket.  They were so confident that they didn't measure or mark...and it showed. Neither the jacket nor pants fit at all. Worse, the alterations were not changeable afterwards. Then they charged me $220 for the honor of ruining my suit. Beyond a hem or a cuff don't go here...run far away.
4	Great service and very fair prices. Went in for alterations, received fast service and quick turn around. I really liked the family run atmosphere and got the feeling they cared about my clothes and me as a customer. When I picked up she remembered me and even gave me a free lint roller for xmas so this is really everything I'd want in a cleaner.
5	They do a great job with dry cleaning and alterations. Although I've only been going for a short time Yoonha always remembers me and more than once has went directly to retrieve my items without even looking at the ticket. Personal service and quality work. Highly recommended.
5	Local, family owned and operated business.  My real estate agent when I first moved to LV recommended this as a dry cleaning option.  I'm not sure I will give a chain another try!Located on Spring Mountain Rd., in the heart of Chinatown, the location isn't hard to find.  The shop is located in a strip mall with a small sign.  The parking lot has limited spaces and is one-way only so heads up!The owner will greet you herself...she is super friendly and knows her stuff!  Their prices are reasonable.  Their quality is top-notch.  I can't comment on their alteration skills, because I haven't used them yet.  And how can you go wrong in supporting local????
5	Best place in vegas for a perfect alteration.. Love there customer service recommend  this place hands down
5	I would recommend this family owned business as I have taken multiple garments for various alterations, and could not be more pleased with their service. The staff is super friendly!
5	I have brought "several" items from suits, shirts, jeans, and swim shorts and they do a MARVELOUS JOB every single time!!
5	This place is a bit hard to find on Spring Mountain, hidden in a small shopping center. I brought in two suits to get altered, and they did a fantastic job! The owner was really nice and helpful, and even cut me a great deal since I brought in multiple items to be altered.When I came back to pick them up, she didn't even need the slip. She remembered me by name and the clothes I brought in! This place is great and I will definitely be back to bring more things in to be altered.
5	A hole in the wall, locally and family owned dry cleaning/alterations. I usually come here twice a year: alter my new suits and dry clean my winter coats. When you walk in, you will see bags and bags on the floor of designer labels. Versace, Burberry, Ermenegildo Zegna, just to name a few. I don't think my Banana Republic suits would fit in with these brands. Ha.When I go in for alteration, I always give myself at least two weeks before actually using the suit. But their time frame is only about a week to get it done. BUT OMG, I don't know the girl's name. But she always remembers my name. She also remembers the style of cut I want on my suit. Very impressive. Truly recommend this place.
3	I had heard great reviews about this place. I had to get 2 pairs of pants hemmed along with the zipper of my dress fixed as I broke. She charged me $10 for each pair of pants and $25 to replace the zipper/ She said they were going to try salvage the zipper, and if they couldn't they would have to get a new zipper. She would still charge me the $25 and not any additional costs. Now, the hemming of my pants were fine. When fixing the dress, they actually made it smaller when changing out the zipper. Either that or I gained weight. I would prefer to think that they made it smaller. So, now the dress doesn't fit me anymore. Now, that's not their fault, but that was my favorite dress.
