5	Omg where to start?? Well it has to be the fantastic selection if gluten free cakes and scones... Yes gf scones!! This was my first scone in over two years and lets just say it met and exceeded expectations! Gf products can often be dry n crumbly but Angelina's fruit scones were just perfect!! Of course the home made raspberry jam and fresh clotted cream just added that little but extra!! The choice of cakes (many gf) made it soo hard to choose.. Lemon drizzle, pistachio, courgette, banana & walnut, pecan pie, apple frangipani, rocky road and I can't not mention the gf caramel slice to name but a few!! All the cakes are baked on the premises and Angelina has a fantastic knowledge of dietary needs which she incorporates into the most amazing cakes! I'd like to say it's Edinburghs best kept secret but from the constant stream of customers it seems its definitely no secret so if recommend booking in advance to secure a table in the fabulously quaint tearoom! Gf afternoon tea is easily accommodated with advance notice so I will definitely be back soon!! Cannot recommend it highly enough-a must visit in Edinburgh!!
5	I think it is a danger that Casa Angelina is so close to home... I can see myself just "casually stopping in" for far too many treats this Summer!Had a fabulous afternoon tea here with some Yelpers on Sunday. I'm not sure how I managed to eat ALL the food but I was definitely stuffed to the brim when I waddled out.. (oh i totally know how.. it was all DELICIOUS!)I really liked that the afternoon tea isn't the usual "sandwiches" on the bottom tier, which always seem to make me feel a bit bloated from so much bread. The pomegranate & quinoa salad was absolutely DEE-vine and as soon as I got home I instantly regretted not buying a portion to takeaway.There wasn't one thing which I didn't like on the afternoon tea, which is a rare occurance.. I usually find one thing to dislike amongst the plethora of things one gets served at afternoon tea.. but I happily devoured everything which was allocated to me! I may have been eyeing up Sara's leftover brownie.. but shhh! noone else needs to know that!Service was friendly and laid back, I appreciated that Marie Claire came upstairs to tell us what everything was.The house made raspberry and rhubarb & vanilla jams were totally scrumptious! I would happily eat that raspberry jam with a spoon.. Good selection of teas supplied by eteaket, the chilli rooibos was super yummy and I'm sure the chilli helped my belly digest all the scrumminess!!The dining room is preTTy small, so if you're a large group, it will pay to call ahead and book. There was a birthday party of 8 while we were there on Sunday (as a party of 6) and it did feel a bit squished.If you're feeling super fly, you can BYOB a bottle of bubbles to really get you in the mood!! Thanks to Jackie for supplying bubbly for our table!
4	Lovely little place.  Very chic, lots of cake and a back room with a few seats!   Perfect way to hide on an afternoon in the heart of the city and to grad a good catch up with a friend too!
5	I absolutely love this place: it is elegant and tidy, the service is impeccable, and the start is nice and friendly. The quality of the craigs is very good and the portions are generous, particularly if you want a cream tea with jam. The thing I love the most was the possibility of getting gluten free stuff, which is still very rare in the UK, where gluten allergy is quite overlooked. I would recommend this place to anyone.
5	Easily the best afternoon tea around. It's so nice to have loads of different fresh savouries rather than a pile of sandwiches. The teas are lovely and I always buy a salad to take home for later they're incredibly tasty. Seems to be lots of vegan options now which my husband is keen to try
