3	Even if you get a good rate here, they will get your money with their valet parking.  It cost about an extra $20 a day to park at the Courtyard Marriott.  The good thing is that the valet guys were super nice.  Plus they have a complimentary shuttle bus that will take you almost anywhere.The rooms were nothing to rave about.  Clean.  Simple.  Just a place to sleep.  The layout of the room was a little strange.  I am not used to having the bed face the window but it was comfortable enough that it didn't faze me.Anytime I ran into staff, they seemed friendly and one even held the elevator for us just because she could hear our flip-flops coming down the hallway.Breakfast here was a little chaotic and also another way of stealing your money.  I ended up paying $11 for a piece of toast, a croissant, and tea.  Initially, I had ordered a breakfast meal because I never can use buffets to their full potential.  However, there were only 2 waitresses and of course, our waitress had forotten to put in my order.  I walked up to her and just said that I would switch over to continental breakfast.  She apologized profusely but it was still a slight ding against them.Location-wise, all of the little shops and restaurants are within walking distance.  And if you really want to venture out, that shuttle can be there for you.
4	Clean and professional.  Not so cozy beds during the winter.  I was able to get extra towels when we asked for them  Parking does suck as the other review stated.  But we are in Pittsburgh!  It was what i expected!
4	So I've stayed in fancier places but when it comes to good rest, and great service, this place is tops.  The staff were so helpful and friendly.  I was here for a job interview across the street and the department assistant had already come over to pick me up before I realized that I had left a bunch of stuff behind.  I told the woman at the front desk and they went back for my pricey cosmetics and stored them with my luggage that I was returning for later in the day.  The lobby is really warm and cozy with free coffee, computers if you need them, free wi-fi, great furniture, and a fireplace.  I would've rather hung out there all day then brave the icky cold outside.  The staff here made my trip so much better, I would definitely come back again, especially for a short high-stress trip like this.
3	I've stayed here twice in the last 2 years and the first time I went it was 5 stars but I just stayed here again last week and it was not good.  The room was not clean!  The sheets were wrinkled, there was trash in the trash can, the shower had soap stains on the door... It just make me feel gross.  If you do stay here don't stay in the cheap rooms since apparently the upgraded rooms have jacuzzi's in them.
4	We checked in very late but the concierge was very helpful.  The lobby is big and inviting and there's free coffee and wi-fi.  The rooms were clean and big, but what really sold me was the customer service.  The staff was super kind especially when I realized I had forgotten my family heirloom jewelry.  They were quick to assist me during my panic state and were able to locate my belongings and made sure they were safe within 5 minutes. Would definitely stay here again.
4	I was in town for some work at CMU and ended up placed at this Courtyard. When I arrived, check in was quick and friendly. I was given a room on a middle floor closer to the elevator than I would normally like. I originally though this might be an issue, but I think because of the clientele there it was very quiet during my stay.The room itself was a pretty standard Courtyard king room. Everything was in it's place and the refrigerator was actually nice and cold. This was a big plus because the water from the bathroom faucet could never get cold and I had a couple warm bottles of water that were better cold. The room was overall very clean. It showed a bit of wear here and there, but overall seemed pretty well maintained.A great feature of this hotel is the free shuttle service to the surrounding areas. This let me easily get to CMU in the morning, but could be used to get to a variety of places nearby as well.Overall it was a nice stay and I definitely wouldn't mind being back here again.
4	I didn't bring a black light or anything, but from the naked eye's point of view, this place is totally legit and a whole heck of a lot cleaner and nicer than most of the hotel's I've stayed at in recent times on my own, non-business-trip budget. I stayed over the weekend in one of their double-queen rooms with 3 other people and were able to get the government rate of $120 a night thanks to a friend of mine having a fairly reputable job with perks that knocked around $80 off the standard rate for the hotel without the government discount. The room was spacious with plenty of room for the four of us, no crusty stains and pretty clean smell. The bathroom was large with a single sink outside the room so one person could get ready while another showered (or puked their pants off in my case). The room could have used more mirrors to make it a little easier for me and the other girl to get ready without rubbing our butts together at the sink area, but I guess it was fine since I came down with some form of the plague over the weekend and no amount of primping was going to make me look like a respectable human anyway.  The area the hotel is in seemed like a pretty central one for happening things and not too terribly far from ish, but their $20 nightly parking fee adds up. We're cheap so we opted to save our wallets from being raped of any Andrew Jackson's and parked at the meters surrounding the Marriott that run from 9-6pm each day. Just remember to set your alarm so you can have your quarters in the meter before the clock strikes 9am EST or you'll end up forking over $20 for a parking violation anyway, and the hipster meter maid man in this area was noticeably diligent. On Sundays the parking on Aiken right across from the Marriott and in front of that church is free, so we made it a point to snag a spot there so we could sleep in on our last day of Pittsburgh-ing. They have an indoor pool, free coffee and computers usage in the lobby, free wi-fi throughout the whole hotel and conference rooms should you need that sort of thing for work as well. I had checked out a few hotels and rates before we went and for what we got and how almost-stain-free** the place was, this Marriott seemed world's better than the rest of the lot in our affordability price range ** I (accidentally) left my signature Candice calling card, an orange-stained pillowcase. Sorry, Housekeeping! A little bit of bleach and that sh*t should come right out.
4	It is a nice hotel, i stayed there for 2 days and overall experience was good.Pros:1) Close proximity to all schools, as i had to go to CMU so it was pretty convenient for me.2) Hotel gives free drops and pickup from morning to late evening(6PM) which could save you some cab money.3) They have Starbucks in the building.4) They have a resturant which serve dinner and a small bar which remain open till midnight. But i would recommend to go elsewhere as there were pretty good resturants within 1-2 miles.Cons:1) No free breakfast.2) Surrounding area was kind of ghetto, guess that's why they call it "Shady-side"
5	I had a nice stay at this hotel. It was very clean and the staff was super friendly. The only downside is that you have to valet your car. It's also attached to a starbucks which is a huge plus. We used points so I can't comment on the price.
4	This hotel saved the day! Last summer in the middle of a heat a wave our power went out. We live in a third floor apartment and by the evening it was 90 degrees. We had to get out- my boyfriend was in school at the time and had a final the next day. There was no way we would get any sleep. We called around 5 to see if they had any rooms and quickly booked one with a king sized bed. Check-in was a little tedious because the system was down but I pulled up my confirmation email and it was fine. We skipped the valet and found street parking. Our room was spacious and clean. The bed was super comfortable. We turned the AC all the way down and basked in the coolness. It was wonderful.
4	Location of this hotel is good if heading to CMU or University of Pittsburgh. Surrounding area sketchy on one side. If walk a mile and a half in other direction toward Walnut St there are some cute shops and restaurants. Hotel staff is awesome hence my four stars. Rooms clean and large enough. Room rate way too high for a Courtyard Marriott, much less one  with no breakfast. Especially since they only have valet parking at $18 a day. Valets were very friendly and efficient. Starbucks inside is a draw for many.
4	Walking into your hotel room can either be one of the simpler joys in life, or a straight-up horror show. Thankfully, my experience with Courtyard Pittsburgh Shadyside was the former.My first reaction was, "Wow, this room is huge." For $179 a night (part of a wedding room block, so unsure if this is discounted or not), we got a queen bed with a nice sized living area (couch, chair, coffee table, desk, etc.), and a balcony overlooking the city. The bed was situated in such a way that it has you looking straight out those sliding glass doors once you're all tucked in - a really nice setup for a Courtyard. And above all, super clean. Even the wi-fi was fast and free, and therefore, fantastic. I was impressed.So much so that I can more or less forgive the slew of minor annoyances/inconveniences/nitpicks/whathaveyou. They are, in no particular order:- No room service and the food court-type restaurant in the lobby holds limited operating hours.- Despite the size of the rest of the room, you've got tight quarters in the sink area outside the bathroom. Ladies, before you get all dolled up, you've been forewarned.- Slow. Ass. Elevator. My. God.- Busy, construction-plagued intersection surrounding the hotel.- Mandatory valet. This place is nice, but not nice enough for mandatory valet. Just sayin'.Again, these bullets should be taken with a grain of salt as the alternatives are more "nice to haves" rather than "musts" when checking off boxes for prospective hotels. At least, for me. As you can see from the rating, the good here more than outweighed the, well, not bad - let's just say, slightly annoying.If you have reason to stay near Shadyside versus downtown, this is your hotel. But hey, if you have business downtown and just wanna stay here anyway, have at it - the hotel has a free shuttle to bring you there, if you're so inclined. For a short stint in Steel City, CPS is a solid spot.
3	My boyfriend's parents had a Christmas Party this past Saturday in Shadyside and we decided to stay at a hotel to play it safe. On a side note, we didn't leave the party until 2am so this ended up being a stellar idea. The hotel is centrally located, convenient to UPMC Shadyside, CMU,Pitt,etc. We actually walked to and from the party which was right on Walnut Street (the main shopping street in the Shadyside District) and it was only about a 7 minute walk. The parking is valet ONLY (I understand why due to the fact the parking lot could easily be used by non-guests if it wasn't valet), however it's $17.88/day, which in my opinion is a bit steep for Pittsburgh. The lobby is very nice and there is a Starbucks inside as well. I also noticed there is a pool for anyone with kiddies (or anyone that brought a swimsuit!). Customer service at check-in was very friendly, being rewards members we were asked what floor we would like and if we would like a balcony, and we also found out there is a complimentary shuttle that goes at least to Shadyside if not further. Now when we got to the room, it was, well, average. We had a king size bed, a tiny sofa and coffee table, a flatscreen tv. We were not going to be using the room really so the fact it was not as nice as other hotels we have recently stayed in was ok. There was free wifi in the room which is always a plus. Another drawback in my opinion was the fact that the sink area was outside of the bathroom. It was also a tight squeeze and we had to take turns using that area. A minor, slightly annoying inconvenience was all that was really. Now the other drawback was the price. Our room for one night was $245!!! The room was clearly not a $245/night room nor was the hotel in general. We most recently stayed at a Boutique hotel (The Tudor Arms Doubletree in Cleveland) and that was between $150-$170/night as I recall, and it was MUCH more nicely furnished and with better amenities than the Courtyard. Now because we agreed to split this $245, I wasn't as astonished about the price, however, this is Pittsburgh, one night at the Courtyard should NOT be $245! I am doubting I will have a need to stay here again in the future, however, it is important to note they are building a Hilton right across the street from the Courtyard so possibly there will be some price competition when that opens and anyone in the future does not need to pay an arm and a leg to stay here.
