2	So my gf and I went here to inquire about becoming members and possibly applying for an auto loan because we heard good things. We walk into the branch, there's 2 tellers working and 1 loan officer, and as such there was about 8-9 people in line. We were told to wait in the teller line behind all these people just to be able to be entered into the system to talk to a loan officer. 15 minutes to do that, then another 20 minutes of sitting in a chair waiting to talk to the loan officer, just to have her bring over an app and she tells us to fill it out and she'll call us later, because she's with somebody right now. Dumbest process of any bank I've ever been to.
3	Easy drive thru, never really backed up. Tellers are quick and efficient
1	I have banked through credit unions in one way or another my whole life. This Desert Schools makes me want to never do business with one again. Calling them worthless would be a compliment. Absolutely atrocious would be a better description. Not only is the staff rude and not inviting, but incompetent too. I received a delinquent notice from them on my car loan. I immediately knew it was a mistake, I looked at my checking account and saw the withdrawal from DS Credit Union. I also had the receipt. I called them and was pretty much told I was a liar and needed to "Call the branch to figure it out." That she couldn't do anything and heard this all the time. I have never made a late payment. After raising my voice and getting angry she 'noticed' that the same payment amount was being applied to some other account. I lost it and and told her to figure it out because this is not my problem. Turns out the fine person on the phone realized that the branch had been posting the payments to the wrong account. I am not an angry, rude or malicious customer. But don't call me liar and tell me to fix something that your pathetic company did.
3	I go here frequently as this is a sister affiliate branch of my branch back home (Great NW Federal Credit Union). The Tellers are always friendly and helpful. At times, I have noticed that other Tellers don't acknowledge me, which is not cool. If you're counting money, doing something - fine, but at least tell me that your peer will be right w/me.I had one difficult situation last summer, however. I was having issues withdrawing/depositing any monies. My main c/u kept referring me back to Desert Schools to resolve as it was their systems issue. I spoke w/the Branch Mgr a cpl of times and she never called me back when she stated she wld. Very annoying! I ended up going in again in person and finally resolving the issue.This did leave a tiny bitter taste, but I still utilize them. They're okay.
