4	The decor, the staff, the Greek music, the food and the desserts are excellent! I am a regular at this place because of all that. Nothing more to say except try the Key Lime Pie and the Galakto Bouriko desserts! N
4	Consistently great greek food in a fun atmosphere. Great service.  Grew up less than a mile from here, and am a student of the souvlaki. For reference, villa de souvlaki on Sherbrook is a favorite. Great tzaziki (tingly!) well balanced souvlaki, crunchy tasty calamari, a bar and a terrace. Enjoy!
5	This is hands down my favorite restaurant on the face of the planet (and I eat out 5 days a week). I used to live in Montreal and whenever I go home for a visit, I try and eat it daily. It's that good! I never get sick of the chicken gyro platter, it's out of this world. The food is consistently good, the service is always quick and friendly and delivery is also quick. The prices are beyond reasonable and the food is fantastic... I recommend this place to every person I meet. Marathon, Souvlaki George and other Montreal eateries, don't even compare to Estiatorio Yiasou! You will not be disappointed!
4	This is a very pleasant surprise, we ordered 3 dishes from the appetizer menu - spanakopitakia (spinach and feta cheese in phylo), calamari, and gyro (shredded lamb and pork)For the spanakopitakia, I didn't really taste the feta cheese in them, and there's a distinct taste like some kind of herb that was a little strong for my taste. I've had better ones in Calgary.Calamari was great! Batter was crunchy yet not too hard, and calamari was soft yet not mushy. The sauce was sweet and spicy, it was too spicy for me but I still had some coz it was very good.Gyro was good too, even though they were just shreds but they still tasted really good with the herbs that they put in.It was well worth the money, the portions were really big!One thing though - the calamari and gyro were quite greasy. We had to absorb some of the oil with our napkins to eat the last bits on the plate!
4	Wow! What a great greek restaurant. The food is fresh, and really generous servings. The Calamari is simply the best I have tried. I could not believe the price! Yiasou has the best prices compared to other restaurants in the city. The only complaint is the service. The people are nice, just slow. It took over 25 minutes before we started being served.
4	This is one of the few times I've ordered delivery during the winter and received it warm! The prices were solid; for two people, we ate comfortably with a 2 pita combo (with chicken and gyro) and an order of spanokopita. The spanokopita are why they lose a star, but they're still edible!
4	This place makes a mean gyro, I'll say that much. A little on the pricey side, but the portions are ample and the chicken is delicious.
4	They make a mean gyro and their terrasse is pretty nice in summer.  I find their portions a little on the big side though so much of the food goes to waste.
4	This is easily the best-hidden-secret souvlaki place in Montreal!I came here after reading about this place on Chowhound, on a discussion thread about the best lamb souvlaki in Montreal (read: not pork, not chicken) and was blown away. First of all, the servings here are Old Skool, meaning there's enough to feed you and your family for a week. You will have no choice except to ask for a doggy bag afterwards (which is great, because you then have lunch for the next day at work). The side salad is large enough to be a meal in itself, then on top of that, you get baskets of bread and that doesn't even touch on the amount of fries and rice which will come with your main dish. The lamb souvlaki platter was stellar, moist, flavourful and zesty. I haven't tried their other dishes yet, but based on the photos which other Yelpers have posted, I think a follow-up visit is in the works.Service is pretty fast and you won't feel rushed at all. They have dinnertime specials during the week, so if you can get to Snowdon metro and walk the two blocks and the Decarie overpass , you're in for a cheap but tasty night out.It's too bad they don't deliver to my neighbourhood because I can totally see that developing into a habit.
4	Just ordered Combo B from here: Four souvlakis, two chips, two cokes, for $25.It was really good. Food arrived warm and yummy. Everything was nice. It seems like a good clean Greek restaurant that does things right.However, as I live on Sherbrooke, I will probably stick to my regular place Villa Souvlaki. They have the same things really, but there is something extremely unique to their tatziki and the way it tastes, better than anywhere I've ever tried it. And it's next door. I just wanted to try something else.But if I was closer to Snowdon, this would probabaly be my go to place.
3	Just ordered in tonight. I got 2 pork sticks in a pita and my partner got 2 chicken sticks in a pita.Their main plates come with a salad, rice, potatoes (fries or greek), and tzatziki, which is all quite plentiful (you'll have leftovers or be extremely stuffed)Salad seemed like the standard fast-food restaurant "freshness". Not too into the fact that the salad is already dressed, would prefer to have it on the side and preserve its freshness and have some for later.The rice: typical white minute rice. reminds me of uncle bens....The potatoes: I got greek potatoes instead of french fries which is a well-seasoned boiled potato. my partner had the french fries, which is thick cut, not seasoned.Tzatziki: a bit too garlicky. I doubt this is homemade. WOuldn't be surpassed if this was a blend of some sort of creamy salad dressing, with a pressed yogurt and garlic.Chicken & Pork pita: personally I found it to be drenched in too much tzatziki for my liking, with unflavourful, imported tomatoes. The meat didn't taste funny like how some meats do at certain restaurants, so i really do appreciate that. However, the meat tastes like an oily grill (the grill should be cleaned more often). And, the pita bread is standard like you'll find in many other restaurants that serve pita.Overall, from the amount of pitas that I've tried in this city from different restaurants a lot of them seem all the same. The only difference is the quality and preparation of the meat. It would make sense that there's a main supplier for all the same ingredients that all the restaurants in the city order from. Anyways it all came around to $50. So if it's the same food everywhere, I'll just order from the place that's the cheapest, which is B&M for me in my area.In the end, I'm glad I tried this place as I was curious. Read some good reviews, but I think Yaisou is a place that must be visited and not ordered in (limited delivery menu).
