4	Wow, this place is a gem. Don't let the neighborhood or the exterior scare you away now. This is one of those hidden gems that has stood the test of time. The food here is fabulous and the interior is quite cute. On top of all that, it's quite cheap and affordable As a matter of fact, I think I'll go ahead and mosey on in tonight!
5	I love this place and have since I was a kid, hope I'm not dating my self here....lol.  Any who growing up on the west side of town, I loved going to beauregrad's to eat, from the salads, to the burgers everything is just great.  I try and visit Beauregard's every time I go to visit my grandma, I went to see her this past Saturday so I decided that I needed a Beauregard's grilled chicken salad in my life.  I knew that they had the Murder Mystery thing going on, but I didn't think it was as big as it is.  So I called my food in like I always do, and went to pick it up about 10 minutes later.  I got there and it was no where to park, this is something that I'm not use to.  So I had to park further down then I was use to, I think the spaces made just for pick up were all taken up by the murder mystery people.....shame.  Any who, I got out the car and wow there was a crowd of people waiting to get in the door.  It made me feel like this was the last place to eat at on Freedom Dr.  Can any one say fire hazard?  Tried to get in the door, and the rude people waiting at the door were too snooty to be there.  But I gave them the benefit of a doubt, made my way in the door no one wanting to move, or being nice enough to do so.  So I had to push my way in, got the same excellent service as I always do.  Leaving I had to again push my way through the door, the rudest people ever.  Made me say hmm I don't think I want to go back if I'm visiting my grandma on the weekend again.  But I shouldn't let butt holes ruin my time with Beauregard's.  I just wish they could better plan this event, make it so that the people waiting to see this show come in on the other side of the building and let the other door be for those who aren't there to see the show, and those who just want take out.  Other than that, the food was great as always, I ate it so fast I don't remember what it taste like.  Made me want a do over, but I didn't want to go through that crazy crowd again.
2	Food was mediocre at best, place seems kind of dirty. Wouldn't recommend.
2	I came to Beauregard's for their mystery dinner theater on Saturday evening. I was surprised they offered something like this since the set-up was less than ideal. We were suppose to mingle around and interview the suspects, but it was tough to identify suspects because 1) many people were in costume, 2) they did introduce themselves but the mic was very quiet so it was extremely difficult to hear 3) There was very little room in between people and there was a big column blocking the main stage area.  Upon are arrival we had salads waiting for us. This was bagged iceberg shredded lettuce, a mealy tomato, and a cucumber. This was beyond uninspired but the dressing was tasty (though bottled most likely). Our group mostly ordered the prime rib and two had the blackened chicken pasta. I thought the prime rib was better than expected. It was a tad on the small/thin side but it was cooked right (I asked for rare) and it was served with a nice baked potato and some au jus. I tried the pasta which wasn't amazing, but it certainly wasn't bad. The dessert was a pineapple orange pound cake which I found to be an odd choice. I was expecting it to be a signature dessert so I thought it might be good. It wasn't. It was served with canned pineapple and was overwhelmingly sweet. Why not serve chocolate cake, cookies, mousse? Those are choices more people are likely to enjoy. The service was friendly -if a bit frantic. I felt bad for the servers since there wasn't a ton of room in the first place and now they had to work around people during the inquisition phase when people were walking around. I had to ask a couple times for some horseradish but in general I never wanted too long for anything. My drinks remained full..though the water had a bit of a funny pipe taste. The show was bad. Costumes were super cheesy and the storyline very confusing. There were a ton of characters- maybe giving each table a list might help, or even name tags. Some actors were better than others but oddly enough their audience appointed actors did the stand-out job. There was very little actual show time and most of the time consisted of us having to go around and interview actors...or audience members. Which sounds more fun than it is because you wanted to enjoy your dinner. They took some cute pictures in the beginning and tried to get us to buy them for $20- but I wish they spent the money on a better production or layout. We had fun since we came as a group, but overall half of us (and several others in the audience) left early, as it was rather disorganized and seemed to drag on. I would not pay full price, and I would not return.
5	Tony is an awesome server! He knows our names by heart and he is just down right pleasant. Lunchtime is very busy here so unless you have a hour lunch or getting a togo order, while working you may not have enough time. But I am lucky and get an hour lunch every other week! yay!  We actually come here for work lunches for special occasions. They have great special everyday. This time I ordered the shrimp plate with baked potato and mixed veggies. The mixed veggies were amazing, I was glad I asked instead of getting the slaw (which normally comes with that entree). No extra charge either.Salads are ginormous! I can never eat a whole one. The Mushroom and Swiss burger is also one of my faves, I've gotten it about 3 times already. I have also had the BLT with fries, and baked chicken. Guess what y'all, I'm going back tomorrow! I will do my best to check in with my bojankety cell phone service, but I am sure I will eat good and as always, enjoy the pleasant service.
2	From the moment you walk in they make you feel like your home. Very welcoming staff, lots of refills, they don't rush you out the door, in that aspect, I would give them 4 stars. However, food is the most important thing to review in my opinion. Unfortunately after eating here 4-5 times I must say that everything I have eaten has tasted just like a frozen dinner. Maybe I'm just choosing the wrong items? Each time I've gone, I have always selected one of they're daily specials -- I would assume that you don't screw up a daily special, correct?Today I went with the chicken stir fry. Chicken was grilled at some point (grill marks) and was very dry. Veggies were drowned in sauce (seemed like they've been sitting in a tub with sauce for a while & then heated up). White rice was rice was fine. Lunch special came with a salad and piece of bread. Salad had shredded lettuce, a piece of cucumber, a tomato slice, and an onion string.I'm sure I will be back as my coworkers visit this place frequently. But from a food standpoint, I give the place a SOLID 2.
4	Food was excellent.  Service was excellent.  We ordered ribs and steak.  The only side dish I didn't like were the mixed vegetables.
