5	We had a great experience here. The restaurant was extremely clean, which is a major plus. The food came in big portions, but did not leave me feeling weighed down or sleepy after. Everything looked, smelled and tasted great. They presented the food very well. The service was good. We had the server come back and check on us about 3 times during the meal, which made it convenient.  The only problem i had, was eating pho on a hot day. 116 degrees!!! But i guess that was my fault. It was air conditioned and i was still sweating!
5	New, clean and tasteful decor, plasma screens on every wall.  Friendly staff, I was impressed, now for the food.  For an appetizer  we had the fried tofu which was served with a peanut dipping sauce, nice.  I think I had bun thit cha gio or something like that (no. 22) rice angel-hair noodles with beef,  shrimp and a chicken spring roll which I broke up and tossed all together with the  light rice-wine dressing.  It was superb - fresh quality ingredients and perfectly prepared.  My dining mate had a beef curry stew served with french bread to dip in the gravy, yumm, great choice!   No liquor license yet, a Vietnamese beer would have sent me over the edge.  As it was the iced jasmine tea did very well.As soon as I finished my meal I was making plans to return.  The bill - $28.   I'm asking myself why cook?
4	Very nice. Went for Friday dinner there. Had an appetizer, 2 entries and desert. All were very tasty, but unfortunately entrees were drowning in fat. It tasted great but i felt really bad and guilty about stuffing my face with this. Place seems pretty clean and service was attentive for the most part. It was busy but not annoyingly crazy. Did not notice any liquor there, not even beer.Jasmine ice tea was kinda bland, as was Vietnamese Tricolor Desert. However, wife's Thai Tea was one of the best!!!Certainly a place to comeback to."I like"
4	After first visiting neighbor Manila Bakery and buying a few treasures, I decided I'd give Pho Van a try.  I rarely indulge in pho since it's a.  a broth- it is high in sodiumb.  a noodle soup- it is full of empty-calorie, high-glycemic index noodles!  But I made a deal with myself that if there is a child-size pho in the menu, and I'm allowed to order it, then I'm going to have some!  Wouldn't you know it, after surveying the apps and entree pages, there it was, on the ff. page, "kid's bowl of pho $3.50, choice of meatballs or eyeround."  And yes, I, a thirty-something Filipina who is often-mistaken to be in her late-teens/early 20's, was able to order it!  I chose the eyeround since you never know what else gets ground up and incorporated in meatballs, or other processed meats for that matter.  (Speaking of processed meats, have any of you seen the section on hotdogs on "How it is Made"?  I never was a fan of hotdogs save the redhots from my childhood in Manila- I loved them fried, sliced, and eaten with steamed white rice... mmmm!- anyhoo, as I was saying, I never was a fan, and that episode has me weaned off of almost all hotdogs for life!)Back to the review, the eyeround pho was deliciously good eatin'- hot, salty, broth with rings of onion and sliced green onions (scallions to some) made perfect with the addition of basil, mint, and a few squeezes of lime (comes in a separate dish with chilies- jalapenos, to which I'm allergic).  The rice noodles, most of which I left in the bowl, made a nice bed for all the flavors to marry together.  I ended the meal with che ba mau, the tri-color delight of yellow mung beans, red mung beans, green jelly, coconut milk, and shaved ice.  I did tweak it a bit and requested zero green jelly- I do not particularly enjoy chewy gelatin laced with food coloring in icy delights.  The Vietnamese version of the icy treat I remember from my childhood (halo-halo), with extra yellow beans, sent me over the moon!  Nice decor, tasteful tv screens, and the staff was friendly and non-intrusive.  After some time, someone turned on modern Vietnamese pop music- the volume wasn't too loud, but a lower level would've been welcome, esp. if on a date or part of a group.  Make sure to check out the aquarium full of colorful fish!  Nice touch!
5	Went w/ the hubby today & we both LOVED what we ordered. If you're Vietnamese, you'll like this place for serving authentic Vietnamese food w/o watering down anything. He ordered the bun bo hue & I had the bo kho. Both dishes rocked!!! Friendly staff, clean, good prices. We'll definitely be back for more!
5	I was craving for Pho and wanted to go somewhere else in Chandler other than Saigon Pho. (will try Cyclo and Anise soon). My first impression when I walked in was: clean, modern, and the staff was friendly. My order came quickly. The person waiting on us was prompt, friendly, accommodating, attentive....ok, cute too! The Pho was very good!Overall, my experience was great and will be coming back whenever time permits
3	We were craving Pho and so we decided to try this place.  It is very clean and the service was really nice.  Would we go back there again? Probably.  But  we definitely will try other places first.Our #1 Pho place is still Pho Ao Sen*Price = more than what we were used to in L.A.*Pho portion = pretty good and there was a lot of meat in it :)*Rice dish = honestly, the beef tasted more like Teriyaki than Vietnamese bbq.*Decor = looks clean and bright but Pho Ao Sen is still much prettier and cleaner
5	By far the best pho in town.  I think we've actually gone like 3 times in one week!  The place is so clean and the staff is so friendly.  We've tried several different things everytime we've gone (along with our pho of course) and I don't think we've had anything we were disappointed with.
4	Pho Van was my first experience with Vietnamese Cuisine and might I add that I was thoroughly impressed. The Pho was absolutely wonderful and the spring rolls were delish. I am not a big "noodle person," but the broth coupled with the bean sprouts and thai basil makes for an excellent bowl of "soup." I will definitely return here...
5	I've been to a ton of Pho places here in the valley, and this is the best one I've been to, by far.  The prices are reasonable and the Pho was fantastic.  The rolls were pretty good, but not the best I've had around here (that honor belongs to Saigon Pho, not too far from this place.  BBQ beef rolls there are fantastic, but I digress).  I haven't tried anything else at Pho Van, but it all looked pretty good too.  The place is super clean and the service was ridiculously fast (I don't know if it was just my luck or if that's a regular thing).I want to come back, but it's not close to my house.  However, it's worth the drive if you ever get that Pho craving.
4	This restaurant has replaced Saigon as my Vietnamese restaurant of choice in the Chandler area.  I've had the Pho Tai and Wonton noodle soup and both are legit.  Broth is the key thing I look for in a good pho and Pho Van's is solid.  They're relatively generous with the meat and all the veggies for the pho.  Even the interior of the restaurant is pretty nice for a Vietnamese restaurant.  It's a modern look with lcd tvs on the walls and a large aquarium in the middle of the dining area.My only potential gripe is that for a bowl of pho, it's on the higher side when it comes to price.  Regardless, if it says anything about the establishment, I may as well consider myself a regular here now.
2	the broth was too sweet for me. perhaps just personal taste though.
5	Been looking for good Pho since moving down from the Bay.  I've found it.Food: Delicious.Portions: Couldn't finish.Service: Friendly and fast.Price: Low.Atmosphere: Clean and casual.Pho Van...I like you.
4	Damn good pho and I was incredibly spoiled in Seattle so... yeah.  So far my favorite pho place in all of Phoenix.
3	So there I am, visiting someone special and getting my 1rst experience of Arizona and ready to have an awesome weekend... when I'm struck by a crappy cold!!! :,(I was sweetly asked what I wanted... anything.... and in my miserable state, slumped in a couch with a wad of tissues next to me, I moaned the first thing that came to mind: "PHO GAAAA!"After explaining to him what the hell that was, I got on my phone and turned to Yelp for relief and got it in the form of Pho Van!! :,D We drove here and ordered it to-go. I gotta say, the place is extremely nice and clean (so not like my fave Pho places in Little Saigon in Cali!) and if I hadn't been feeling like poop, I would have dined in. :D Now for the food: ... okay, it's not Pho Van's fault that I work in freakin' Little Saigon and so, I'm spoiled when it comes to Vietnamese food. But anywaaaays. The pho was generally good... fair amount of chicken and veggies... nothing else. The broth tasted like BEEF which was a little annoying, cuz if I wanted pho bo, I would have asked for pho bo. The spring rolls were crunchy and refreshing (but definately did not compare to the yummy Brodard rolls). All in all, I was satisfied and it did make me feel 1000X better!!! (Thanks, sweetie :D) Not really fair to compare it to the wonders of Little Saigon, after all.
4	Fantastic Thai Iced Tea Boba. LOVED IT!  I loved it so much that I'm currently plotting my next Pho Van boba acquisition.  And they are rumored to offer a pineapple boba drink.  Scandalous!I got me one of them brisket and round eye pho's to go. When I finally arrived home and got to it, its taste was greatly enhanced by it's spicy broth. Other broth's may be bland, but you won't have to worry about those girlie broths here.  One of my favorite Pho's to date.Great restaurant, great location (right by Lee Lee's), but these idiot drivers over here, drive with their heads firmly lodged up their asses.  Stereotype or a Reality?  You decide
5	None better!  As a self proclaimed connoisseur of Thai food, this place rates among the best I've found.  Food, decor, service ... EXCELLENT!  Wish it were close to home.
5	We've been coming here on the weekends for a couple months now, and this place just rocks.The staff are awesome, all really friendly with great service. The setting--clean tables, a number of widescreen TVs playing sports, and a beautiful tropical fish tank. There are usually lots of families here, all enjoying a good meal (and looking at the fish!)Now to the important part--food. The pho is obviously the star, and this version lives up to expectations. Nicely-scented broth and a wide variety of beef cuts to choose from (I'll stick with the round eye, but my boyfriend loves the "weird" cuts like tripe and tendon). I also really love the Ca ri (curry coconut milk chicken) with noodles or bread, and another dish under specials which is like a beef stew crossed with pho. The fresh rolls are also delicious, as is the Vietnamese coffee (iced).There is probably nothing really unique about this place in terms of the food--it is good Vietnamese. The reason I'm giving this place 5 stars is the great service, huge portions (aka great value), and the knowledge that anything I order will be good. It also doesn't hurt that it's next to Lee-Lee Market, so we can go get ingredients after my boyfriend decides to make whatever it is we just ate.
5	I've been here several times and returned for dinner this Friday.The place is clean and the staff is very friendly and fast.  They have a great aquarium as well.Last night I had the crepe app and the vermicelli with hanoi style sausage.  My wife had the curry.  As it always is, the food was excellent and the portions were very generous.  I usually have the pho and it is always great.In this particular area around Lee Lee's there are tons of pho places, this is my favorite.  One negative comment, they should be more mindful of what is playing on the tv.  Whatever was on, it involved someone in the back seat of a car having his teeth pulled with pliers.  There was a LOT of blood.  The lady at the table next to me looked like she was going to faint.  In my opinion be safe and stick to sports!
5	The friendliest pho restaurant I have ever been to!!!!  And the pho was great as well.  The cha gao was ok - not homemade like at Maxim in Phoenix.Eat the pho, pass on the rolls
4	Lunch on Saturday consisted of Dac Biet Pho and some spring rolls. The Pho was good with alot of tendon, hardly any tripe with really melt in your mouth beef slices. The broth was not all that salty which was a really good thing. The wife got a childs size bowl which is another good thing since she can't eat a full size bowl. The spring rolls were almost all meat with very little filler, also really good. The staff was awesome, all were super friendly and the waitress was right on us when out pop ran low. I really liked the restaurant itself since it didn't feel so hole in the wall and had a very very nice saltwater aquarium as you walked in the door. Overall, its worth going back for next time I'm in the area.
5	the best meatballz! I LOVE this place
3	This place is overpriced.  I have went to Nhat Pho, Pho Nhat, and Pho Ao Sen, so I have been around the pho block.  I don't believe this place is worth the money.  For the $7 I paid at those other places for a bowl of pho and spring rolls, I paid almost $11 here.  This is not acceptable to me since the food isn't any better.  I just wasn't impressed.
4	Ever since I moved here from the OC (where I've been super spoiled when it comes to good Pho)...I've been on an unsuccessful quest to find good Pho.  Pho is not something I want to eat on a regular basis...but there are days when I just want a good bowl of Pho and it's frustrating when I have to drive around and settle for something mediocre.I wanted to come here about a month back but they were closed on the day I wanted to come (again, I was having some Pho craving issues).  But today was my lucky day because all the stars lined up and here we are at Pho Van!  Walking in, the restaurant felt really open, clean and inviting.  The people running the place were friendly and attentive.  I did notice prices were a little on the high side for a Pho joint.We got the Pho Dac Biet and found the broth steaming hot and perfectly seasoned.  There was plenty of noodles and ample amount of meat w/a nice dish of very fresh herbs & veggies.  The only thing I wasn't thrilled w/was the obvious lack of tripe (which was my favorite thing in the Pho)...I didn't really find any and I had to read the menu again to be sure that it was included as part of the description.  The second thing I wasn't impressed w/was the beef/meatballs...they were kinda on the hard & dense side and wasn't plump & juicy.We also got the house special Bun Rieu...and again, the broth was steaming hot and perfectly seasoned and tasty.  I was also pleasantly surprised to see escargot (which I love) in it...even if it was on the chewy side (lucky for me, I'm okay w/my escargots being chewy...although the boyfriend didn't care for them that way).  One thing that prevented this bowl from getting 5 stars is the shrimp cakes/dumplings in this noodle (which is suppose to be the highlight of the meal) was completely lacking in shrimps...it was disappointingly made up mostly of ground pork w/just a hint of shrimp.Maybe I'm just being really particular because I've searched and waited so long for a restaurant w/this much promise to come along.  Overall, the food was really good and I would def go back and I do highly recommend this place to friends and family.
2	The food here is just okay, but that is being said without ordering the pho.I had the bun ga xao xa (lemograss chicken w/vermicelli noodles), which was not good. I was looking forward to a light meal, but this was oily, overly seasoned...which was totally unappetizing. MSG galore!This is generally one of my favorite dishes to order at Vietnamese restaurants, usually simple and light, but the dish here left me unsatisfied.Good news is I also ordered the shrimp spring rolls, which were pretty good. Those were definitely simple and light and were a perfect follow-up to the not so good bun dish.I'll have to try the pho here to see if it fares any better...
5	Always fresh and amazing. The service is great and quick! Love this place #20 is my fav!!
4	Pho here was pretty good. Although, prices were a little higher than most Vietnamese restaurants ($7.75 for the Pho Dac Biet).
5	Just when I thought I was finished discovering new (for me) "Pho Joints" in Phoenix Metro, I had to hit one more (now up to 13 visited!) and WOW, a very big winner. Broth that rivaled Dragonfly (My #1) and Pho Ao Sen (My VERY close #2), with lots of very tasty meat and the usual accompaniments. I much prefer Broth with a bold flavor and this one fits the bill. Upscale location that was very busy during lunch with lots of "Pho" being served to Vietnamese and other  patrons. I guess at $7.50 per bowl a BARGAIN for "Pho" with this quality taste!
4	The Lee Lee Market shopping center in Chandler is really one stop shopping for great food.  We were already big fans of Phoenix Palace for dim sum and China Magic Noodle for noodles, so we thought we'd try Pho Van.We both ordered the special Pho and it was quite good. Nice rich broth with all the requisite ingredients.  Lots of fresh herbs and vegies served alongside.  We got a pork spring roll and that was nice as well.Basically, exactly what it should be and about $25 for three dishes with tip.  Service was fine.
3	Finally I get a real coconut!
4	With another Pho place in the same strip mall, and another just up the road (Pho Ah Sen), there is a lot of competition for Pho Van to deal with.This was my second visit to Pho Van.  The first was my wife's first Pho experience, and it went well.  Although the place is clean, I always find it funny how these little asian places are designed with furniture and whatnot.  This time I got Pho with brisket and beef, vegetarian spring rolls, and Thai iced tea, all to go.  It took them about 10 minutes to get everything done and wrapped up, and off to home I went.The set up for to-go orders are just fine.  The meat, which is rare (wife thought it was raw) was in the same box as the vegies and noodles, which would be fine, but wife was scared because it was so rare.  I assured her it was fine.The soup needed to be heated in the microwave because it wasn't warm enough, even though I only had a 5 minute ride home.  The noodles were correctly undercooked so that they wouldn't be too soft when added to the soup.  The broth is quite excellent and I loved the brisket.  Pho Ah Sen gets the thumbs up for the atmosphere, but I'd got to Pho Van any day of the week.
4	Was introduced to Pho by some friends while we were in Vegas and I fell in LOVE.  Really, it's the most deliciousness you can put in a bowl.  So, after coming back from Vegas I was on a quest to find a local Pho place. Based on the reviews, I came here.  Was not disappointed.  The service was great and the chicken pho was great too.  Quick, delicious, with plenty of noodles.  Went back for a 2nd visit and service and food was consistent.  And at $6.75 a bowl, I can afford to come here all the time! Only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because it wasn't as delicious as the pho I had in Vegas and also there is only 1 choice for chicken pho. But I will be returning for that 1 choice time and time again.
4	I was craving Pho eventhough it was a very warm night. I popped in here and it was wonderful. The crepe was fresh and tasty, the pho was nice and hot and the meat was good, fresh and tender. The staff was also very nice and courteous. Highly recommended and I will return when I'm in town.
5	I like good Pho and I cannot lie!  You brothers and sistas can't deny.  When the broth is steamin and the sides are fresh, you get sprung!  You wanna pull up a chair, cuz you know it's stuffed with noodles, deep in that bowl their servin'.  I'm hooked, cause I can't stop eating.  Oh baby, I wanna take some home; along with some spring rolls.  My homeboy tried to warn me, but that Pho's got mememe so hungry! - Enjoy!
4	order the rice plate with beef, for 11 bucks, it's kinda pricey.  it's good and all (on a bit salty side) but i wouldn't order again.  the avocado shake is good, nice and thick with real avocados blended in.  Can't really complain or compare with joints in the bay area though.  watched the giants game 6 nlcs bottom of the 9th here, 4 big screen lcd's with directv.  on a sidenote, they actually some rare items even usual pho places don't such as the beef stew with bread for dipping and the nem nuong rolls.
3	Good customer service, our waiter was very attentive. Food tasted ok but, Pricey!
5	Fantastic!! One of the best Pho's I've ever had. The spring rolls were hands down the best EVER. Beautiful restaurant, great service, sparkling clean. Will positively go there again.
5	I really like it here. Go with my friend and have a really nice experience. The staff is friendly and incredible nice to us. I would recommend the Bun Bo Hue, Pho Dac Biet, and the beef with rice (I forget how to say it name). I haven't visit the restroom yet but I will be. Hope it doesn't let me expectation down. I will be come back, hungry for more.PS: I think the 3 bean desert is okay since there is many place offer a good ones. The use of kidney bean kill the flavor, making it crunch and not soft at all. Guess I am used to soft bean.
5	I'm a Bay Area transplant and have been looking for good Pho. I researched Yelp for months reading 100's of reviews. My fav is bun bo hue. This was the best I have ever had! The broth was full of flavor and it was loaded. I don't think I'll be going anywhere else but here for pho. =)
5	The spring rolls (or whatever they called them) are STILL haunting me, 2 weeks later.  WONDERFUL!!!!!  Crunchy inside with just the right blend of herbs and 'stuffings'.   Beautiful to look at and divine to eat.
4	I always like it when I am the only Caucasian in a crowded restaurant.  This place rocks.  Nothing was greasy, which is great. Loved e food, the service was fine.
4	Some of the dishes at Pho Van are so good I pretty much just inhale them.  The noodle bowls are wonderful, filled with fresh ingredients, a rich mixture of flavors and variety of textures.  The food is healthy and very tasty.    They have some exotic drinks on the menu.  My favorite is the lychee drink, which is essentially 10 or so fresh lychees in water with crushed ice.  It's very refreshing.I will also note that the restaurant is conveniently located next to Gelato 64, so it's always nice to walk next door and have a little sorbet or ice cream to cap things off!
4	Pretty fancy place they have here, nestled in a strip mall near a Boba shop, Lee Lee Market, and a Chinese restaurant. Pho Van has a large and well decorated dining room with a fish tank, plenty if gigantic televisions, and nice tile. If nothing else, they went a bit overboard with the decorating. The service here is very friendly, prompt, and helpful. I observed a table nearby asking what just about everything on the menu was like, and the lady serving that table was very patient and explained everything in detail, described how it was prepared, and what it tasted like. I knew what I wanted coming in, so I didn't get a chance to "test" the server, but I'm sure he was just as good. I really enjoyed my Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio, as the pork had a delicious lime like marinade to it, and the egg rolls were crisp and fresh tasting. They are very generous with the portion sizes, and they should be for what they are charging. They definitely tacked on a dollar to their prices probably to pay for those fancy televisions and the new tile floors. My one bowl with no sides, drinks, or appetizers, was $11 after tip. Outrageous. I wanted Goi Cuon, but an order of two was $5.75! I also wanted a beer, just to say I had a beer with my Vietnamese, as most places don't serve it. Well, the beer would have been $4, making lunch here for one with a beer, an appetizer, and a main about $22 after tax and tip. Would it be worth it? Probably not considering all of the place which cost slightly more than half of what Pho Van charges. Want to introduce someone to Vietnamese? Take a casual client out to lunch somewhere relatively nice? Maybe really want a beer with lunch? Pho Van is great. Want to have an inexpensive lunch and don't care about atmosphere, but rather just good quality food? Probably not a good bet. Your wallet will hate you here.
4	Very nice looking restaurant on the inside.The service is very goodI had the bun (I always only get this) and it was very goodI recommend
3	Living close to Mekong plaza makes it hard to define this place as better. I went only once, and I found the food was ok but no surprise in the preparation. The big plus this place has is the near boba.
4	Great Pho, I get the# 10. Eye round and brisket.  I do like it better than Saigon Pho, and when you're done, head over to the Boba Tea House for a refreshing dessert drink
5	I love this place. The food is super fresh, the pho (which is ridiculously popular, I always see bowls and bowls of it at other tables) is light and delicious, and the #22 and #40 (my and my boyfriend's favorites) are always superb. Nom nom nom.
4	I finally ordered pho ga from here and it was decent. I would come back.I really like that they give you the whole young coconut when you order the coconut juice! I haven't had that in forever! So extra star for that!
4	Great pho and noodle dishes.  The pho broth is very flavorful and perfectly seasoned.  The portions are large, with generous portions of noodle and meat.  Their vermicelli dishes are very good as well.  Prices are a little high, but are worth it for the quality of food.
5	Love this place! It's very clean and the food is genuine Vietnamese food. There are several plasma screens mounting the walls that are usually tuned to sports or the news, but if you're not a fan of that, ask them and they'll change it for you! I absolutely love the banh mi bo kho and bun bo hue :) The restaurant is a family establishment and I can guarantee you that they're always friendly and helpful! The decor is modern and food is fresh and delicious. A must-try!
5	I have tried many other Pho restaurants in this area (I have tried TONS).. Pho Van is the only place that I would go back to.  It's not PERFECT by any means, but they have a great broth for their Pho and yummy spring rolls.  Interestingly enough, the past two times I have tried to go there, they have closed early!  Very frustrating.
1	My family has gone to Pho Van THREE times, and each time was a horrible experience. The first time, we entered the restaurant, were seated and ignored for more than half an hour. We weren't even given menus or offered water.. We walked out angry and hungry to nobody's notice. The second time we went, the food was tolerable but we were charged an extra two dishes. The third time there, the service was great although the dishes were really dirty. We were brought veggies to accompany our pho, and to our shock, there was a stem of greens, PER plate. We asked for more and we were charged three dollars for another two crumpled stems. The pho broth was salty. The bo luc lac was not cooked completely. The fried rice was salty. Once again, we were charged for an extra pho and com dac biet (which costed $15). We've given this restaurant plenty of chances, but we are definitely sure that we will never ever come back here again. For those regular customers, CHECK YOUR BILLS.
4	Not great, but very good pho.
3	Service is friendly and prompt. Food is average.
2	slowest, worst service.  noodles all stuck together in a lump at the bottom of the bowl.  spring rolls were made before we got there which led to the wrapper being chewy, hard and stiff.  broth too sweet and we feel sick after eating there.  i have had way better pho.
5	check mic, one-two..I am one mo fo' that loves her pho and this place is da bomb jus' so ya kno and the prices are super low! ( ya like that ish huh?!)but for real there is nothing like a wonderful bowl of pho and this place has it. Wonderful soup with all the extra normal trimmings and its always more than i can eat in one sitting(leftovers are my lunch today ..hurry up 1pm!!)Staff is friendly and service is quick. Also have tried the egg rolls which are very good and the b/f who is a short rib enthusiast says this place has the best ones he has yet to come across. so from pho to even mo'  Pho Van is spot on!
4	Excellent meatball pho.  Prices are higher than other Vietnamese restaurants ($7-8 for a big bowl of pho) but the interior is very nice and service is good.
2	There is such a thing as being too attentive, and Pho Van's service is too much and a bit suffocating. Other than their overpriced menu, the dipping sauce for the spring rolls is too salty, made purely of Hoison sauce. The egg noodle soup is decent, but contains too much dried shrimp in the broth.
4	I am usually happy with their pho, unlit I go back to OC see what its really suppose to taste like. Everything I've tried here has been good with good portion sizes. My only qualm, which is the same for many other pho places in the area, it the lack of chicken pho broth for the pho ga, its always beef based. Also, I've noticed that every time i come here for chicken pho in the morning, the broth is not fully cooked and is a bit oily, which is why I've made the switch to vermicelli bowls during these times.
5	Good service.  Delicious Food.  Besides the good pho I always like to get the meat over lettice.  I don't know what it's called but theres a picture of it on the menu and i just point to it.
3	It's decent food. We always get bun with grilled meat and shrimp with egg rolls. Nothing spectacular.
5	Best chicken curry I have ever had! Usually the chicken is in small pieces and chewy. Not this place! Big chunks of tender chicken and potatoes. Awesome!
5	This place is PHOckin good!!!
5	I loved every part of this place.  A clean restaurant, friendly and fast service, great food. The trifecta.  Knowing that parking lot I'd imagine it would be tough to get to on a Saturday at 2, but it's well worth the effort.
1	Bad choice!I order the egg rolls to start off with... we were done after the first bite, it had a bad after taste as if it was rancid.  The brisket pho wasn't any better, broth was lacking flavor and my brisket was still pink because the broth wasn't steaming hot. I order the chicken fried rice for my daughter... they should've called it "Fried peas and carrots with an overly cooked brown rubbery egg."  Where's the rice?! Anyway, Will not be back!
4	Ahh, the crave.  Having grown up Vietnamese, I consider myself something of an expert on Vietnamese cuisine.  So I've had great (of course, my grandmother's and mother's food is 5 star), and I've had horrible.  Pho Van (putting accents on the vowels is difficult with an American keyboard, so I'm not going to bother) falls in the middle--not my favorite, but not too bad.We started with appetizers.  Cha gio, which is a pork filled roll in a won ton wrapper, was okay.  It tasted not so fresh, but had good filling, and the Nuoc Mam (a fish sauce used to flavor) was okay.  My wife and I had Goi Cuon, which is a shrimp and pork, with vermicelli noodle rolled in a rice paper wrapper, was pretty good.  This is dipped in a  peanut sauce.I had the basic Pho Tai.  This is a soup, typically pre-prepared by putting cooked rice vermicelli noodles at the bottom of a bowl, and then very thinly sliced beef, and then hot Pho broth poured over the soup to essentially reconstitute the noodles and cook the beef.  The secret to Pho is really the broth.  Typically, this needs to stand on its own to make a good judgement.  It does--it was flavorful, tasted fresh, and had a very rich flavor.  I was pleased.  For my own purposes, I do add Hoisin Sauce and Srirachi Hot Sauce.  Having eaten here once before, I knew I wouldn't be disappointed.  The only criticism I would have of this Pho is that there's not enough of it.  The standard bowl did not have much in the way of noodles or beef.  For $8, I was hoping for more food.The rest of my family members had Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio.  This is a traditional dish with rice vermicelli noodles, barbecued pork, and cha gio, over which you pour Nuoc Mam.  There is a bed of fresh vegetables.  This is what I typically think of when I think of Asian Salad--it's bean sprouts, lettuce, mint, and cucumber.  The barbecued pork tasted quite good as did the Cha Gio, once again.  I found this food quite good as well.  The restaurant was very clean, relatively quiet.  There's a very pretty fish tank.  The decor was very nice.  The staff was attentive, and service was quick.  I note though that it was 5:30pm on a Friday, and the restaurant was unbusy.  The Nuoc Mam smelled very funny to me though--I'm used to the smell of this food additive, and this one smelled quite odd to me.  We are talking about something called "fish sauce" though, so I'm sure there are variants.  It tasted fine so no worries.  Staff needs to use cleaner towels when they wipe the tables as it does leave its own smell as well.
4	When I was introduced to this Vietnamese restaurant last year, it was hard to forget. The restaurant is clean, service is friendly, and food is awesome! Oh, and how could I forget the extremely reasonable prices? The only complaint I have is that they don't have a website...but I'll try to remember what I've had!We usually start with the fresh spring rolls. They aren't anything special, but the peanut dipping sauce...mmmm. I could eat that by the spoon if it came in a jar!The pho is near perfect in my books. It's a huge portion, and the broth is well seasoned- I can't stand it when I order pho and it comes with what tastes like chicken broth. If I wanted chicken noodle soup I could open a can! There is a good ratio of noodles to broth, and there has a decent amount of meat. You can't go wrong ordering pho here.The last time I was here, I tried some sort of chicken curry "soup" that came with the option of noodles or bread (we opted for the noodles). It was excellent but very spicy. However, that didn't keep me from eating more and more; in fact, it was near impossible to stop eating. It'll be hard to pass that down when returning to Pho Van for my fix of pho!It's hard not to give Pho Van 5 stars, but I'll have to stick with 4 for now.
5	Great food.The staff is very friendly. The service was quick.The decor and atmosphere is very modern and inviting compared to other Vietnamese restaurants. I had tried their Pho Duc biet, Pho Ga, Curry Chicken, spring rolls. All were very tasty. The ingredients used were fresh. I have no complaints about this place what-so-ever. I would recommend anybody and everybody to this place. I would definitely come back whenever I'm in town.  5*'s
5	When I first had Pho I was not crazy about it. Turns out I was eating it at the wrong place! I ordered the eye of round and brisket  Pho WOW it was so delicious, the broth had great flavor on its own much better then other places I have had. The beef was tender and not full of fat or gristle. This place took Pho and put it at the top of list on my favorite foods.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone just getting started or veterans. Its clean the service is good, and the food is really something special!
4	Love this place! The pho is the best in the Valley. But I have tried appetizers and dinner entrees that weren't my favorites. Stick with the pho and you can't go wrong!
5	GUESS WHAT VIETNAMESE EAT FOR BREAKFAST?????  PHO FO BREAKFAST!!!  And it sits all nice and warm like grandma's oatmeal. I am a Pho snob. I will drive twenty miles to Da Vang any day. But I was at Lee Lees, needing some spices, and they were open. And I ate Pho for breakfast and I was soooo hopeful that it would be good. And it was. It was right up there. The spring rolls were okay. I took a look around and everything was looking nice and fresh.  Plus, you get to shop for your rice vinegar after your meal. Win win. Service was fine, but he was just ONE GUY and if more ppl had showed up I would have been waiting for my Pho. Only SINGLE issue was no Cliantro on the side, a small sprinkle in your soup and I am a herb whore I wanted more. But go, go and eat Pho, even for breakfast!!!
4	Found this place on yelp after the regular place I get take out was closed. Got the sirloin pho and lemon grass chicken. Called in my order from the car and it Was ready in about 10 min. Both were very good. I'll definitely be going back
5	Great staff and excellent Vietnamese food. One of my favorite places to dine.
5	Great food, great service! I've never been a Vietnamese restaurant as clean as this one. We were seated promptly and our waiter even helped us with our order with recommendations and making slight changes to our items as we requested. We each had an order of spring rolls and a bowl of pho with drinks. The shrimp spring roll was delicious filled with lots and lots of veggies just the way I like it. My brisket pho was absolutely delicious. I don't like rare pho meat so I got the brisket and it was cooked well with the tenderness still intact. The Vietnamese iced coffee also perfect. Never had a coffee quite as good and creamy, even better than the powder packets that so many of my friends swear by. Love it!
4	Really good; highly recommend if you love Vietnamese food.
4	Best Pho in the valley. Its a must try. Very reasonably priced and the ingredients are extremely fresh. Staff is great as well and the restaurant is clean and well kept.
2	Yea......what can I say about this place....not much. The egg noodle soup was okay at best...skimping on the shrimp. My gf had the vermicelli...which was okay. Now do not get the crepes...it is horrible....it is just looks like a omelette filled with sprouts...crap. the spring rolls were not that tasty either. I think the main issue is the veggies used tasted funny.Try another place and plus the customer service isn't great and girls need to put on some smiles. Yeesh...pathetic excuse for a Vietnamese place.
4	I have been searching for a good Pho restaurant ever since Saigon Pho in Chandler went down hill.  Pho Van is a very clean, well organized, and well staffed restaurant in the Asian Center that shares space with Lee Lee's and other shops.  I had the traditional Pho Ga (chicken soup in beef broth) and Goi Cuon (Spring rolls).  Both were very good.  The noodles in the broth were perfectly cooked and had great texture and the chicken was all white meat and very tender.  The veggies that accompany the pho were fresh and crisp.  The Spring Rolls were perfect as well stuff full of healthy green veggies.  The prices were a little higher than I am used to in a pho place but it was not bad.  They also do not accept AMEX so beware if that is all you use.  Overall a great place and this is my new Go-To-Pho in the valley.
5	Words cannot express how much I love this place. Their pho Bo is where is is at! Their broth is amazing and let's get real the broth is the reason we all love pho. I get the number ten, eye of round and brisket pho, if you like your eye of round rare just ask they can bring it out on the side. I love cilantro in my pho so I ask for them to bring if out out with my garnish an vola it appears. Service is friendly, not corporate in your face robot service, so if you are looking for that you are in the wrong place. They recently changed their menu looks better. Want fresh coconut? They've got you covered they will crack a fresh one open for you! Their Vietnamese coffee yum! To all the ney Sayers that say this place is too expensive it is 15 dollars for two large bowls of pho, which we  always have left overs.  If you want to supersize your meal and yourself hit up the McDonalds.
5	The weather is cooling down, and wearing a long sleeve shirt is about to be the norm. What goes better with cool weather than a hot bowl of soup? A hot bowl of Pho with meatballs and brisket from this place! This was the best Pho that I've had in Arizona; the broth is flavorful, meat cooked to perfection, vegetables fresh and green. The staff was incredibly friendly, offering small cups of soup as a sample, and even offering my girlfriend the opportunity to change her order if it was not to her liking. (She was a bit braver than I and got a more traditional Vietnamese bowl, which she LOVED) The restaurant was clean, bathrooms were nice, and they even had the UofA football game on the tv! I highly recommend this place over any other Pho restaurant in town. Check it out!
4	My first time at Pho Van in Chandler.  Had a order of the springs rolls and a nice bowl of pho soup.  The restaurant was clean and the service with good.  I would highly recommend this place to others.I normally visit Saigon Pho in Chandler, however the quality of food has gone down hill lately.  This is now my fav Pho restaurant!
2	Not very good. My spring roll was bland and the peanut sauce was yucky. Vermicelli bowl was full of bean sprouts not noodles.
5	As the weather gets cooler in Arizona there is no better meal than a little Pho (pronounced fuh). Pho Van was very quick to seat us, the staff was amazing in taking our order and explaining the various dishes and the food came out lighting fast! The decor was very nice and the entire restaurant was spotless making it a comfortable situation to really sit and enjoy conversation with our meal.I sprung for the beef round and brisket pho, chicken noodle pho (for the kiddo), the regular beef round (for the lady) and some spring rolls. All four items were amazingly fresh and flavorful. The food alone makes this one of my all time favorite Pho restaurants in the valley. The cherry on top was when the owner came out to ask us our thoughts and ensure that we loved everything he had cooked for us. Kudos good sir - because you now made all three of us patrons for a long, long time.I think it's almost important to mention that this was one of the first places that actually offered children's dishes at a slightly reduced rate (about a buck less). Plates and appetizers averaged a cost about $6
3	Good food, but I don't care for the SUPER FAST waitstaff. Fast is one thing, but walking away while I am still trying to order is RUDE.
5	We eat here about 3x per month.  Love their beef pho and the #22!  Spring rolls are some of the best we've ever had.  The bathrooms could be a bit cleaner but the food is great and the service is excellent!
4	Pho Van is where I go if I want traditional Vietnamese food.  It is very clean. Nothing flashy.  No fusion dishes or chef specialties, but it is good traditional vietnamese food.  It is also affordable when compared to my  compared to my favorite Vietnamese place, Cyclos.  However, Cyclos is to expensive for me to be a regular.  Therefore I end up at Pho Van most often.
4	The restaurant itself doesn't look like much but the food is very good.  I also go to this place for Pho a couple times a month.  Haven't had much of the menu other than Pho.Service is fast and polite, prices are reasonable.  Definitely worth checking out.
4	I ate here twice a few months back when I was in AZ to take in some baseball spring training games, but I never got around to reviewing this place until now.The restaurant is located in the same shopping center that houses Lee Lee Oriental Supermarket so there's plenty of parking available.  Compared to pho places that I've been to in the SF Bay Area, the decor here is pretty nice.  The set up is modern looking and the restaurant seems to be clean.  They do have TVs on that air things such as the local news.During my first visit, I had a bowl of pho with meatballs (#8).  The temperature of the food was hot and the broth was decent with the flavor leaning more on the sweeter side.  The portion size was adequate.  We also had the spring rolls as an appetizer...they were okay but I've had better tasting spring rolls and peanut sauce elsewhere.On my next visit, I had the pork and egg roll vermicelli bowl (#20).  This was a good tasting dish and there was a good ratio of noodles, meat/egg rolls, and salad-type ingredients.The service was decent but nothing in particular is worth noting.  I would dine here again the next time I'm in the Phoenix area.
4	Good, fresh and affordable Vietnamese food.  Owner and chef, Jimmy, takes pride in his menu.  The waitresses and friendly, helpful and efficient.  I had soup and a coconut juice to drink.  I'll go back soon!
3	Their Bun didn't impress me too much. Feel sodium was a little bit too much in the grilled pork.
1	Less than stellar food. Absolute crap service at a time when there was only one other party there. My girlfriend left hungry, because she couldn't stomach the poorly cooked tofu.
4	So good. Pho Van's broth kills it.I want to bathe in that shit-
5	Yay! We were looking for a great place for Pho! And this is it! Actually recommended to me by a Vietnamese friend- it's where she goes... Very nice staff. Fresh veggies. Great Pho. Haven't tried anything outside of my addiction yet. It is nice in that it is close to Lee Lee's Asian Market, so we usually do a little shopping there as well. If you are looking for Pho here in Phoenix, this is the place! (I perused some of the other reviews, and it is obvious that most of the negative ones were from folks who obviously weren't used to Vietnamese cuisine....)
4	Wow.  The pho is the best I've had in Phoenix and better than a lot I've had in CA and WA.  The round eye is nice and rare.  The tendon was pretty good.  It'd be better if it was cut in thicker pieces, but we're quibbling now.The pork chop was delicious, although for $8, I'd expect two or a larger pork chop with less bone.  The only part of the meal that wasn't amazing was the rice.  It was cold and wasn't sticking together properly.  Pho Van is my new go to place for pho in the Valley.
3	Had the pho tai and it was good. The gardeny decor inside kinda relaxing.
3	Went here for the first time for lunch. I wish they had more vegetarian options. I ordered the veggie spring rolls and the veggie fried rice. All the Pho was beef or pork. I loved how the cook asked if I would like egg in my rice - I do not, and I was very glad they took that into consideration. The food came out right away, but wasn't very hot and it didn't taste fresh and didn't have much flavor. I LOVE spice and I literally consumed the entire cup of chili on the table to get some more flavor going on. The service wasn't great, they didn't check on me one time during my meal to see if everything was okay nor refill my water and I had to hunt a person down to get a box for my leftovers. I guess you can't have it all now-a-days....
2	Good food, bad service. Their food is good and authentic Vietnamese food can get in Arizona, but their service sucks, like really sucks. Got our food, and we needed something and our waiter was no where to be found so I got up to the cashier counter and found my waiter standing there texting, like really? You've got to be kidding me. The waiter didn't ask how things were going, I had to get up and ask for my bill, refilled our waters... ANYTHING. This isn't just once, I've gone here three times and still the same, horrible service. I would totally understand if they were busy, but every single time I visited, the entire restaurant was literally empty besides my table and another's.  All the employees there are either behind the counter watching tv, on their cell phones or talking to each other. If it weren't for the good food, I definitely wouldn't be coming back.
5	Pho is magic. It cures everything, and we head to Pho Van whenever there's even a hint of a cold coming on. OK, we go even when we feel fine. No matter how hot it is outside. Pho Van's broth is so flavorful and comforting we can't resist.We've eaten in and ordered bun and some other dishes, but usually we grab pho take-out. The #7 house special is my favorite by far. Don't let the tripe and tendon freak you out, they're awesome and shouldn't be missed.
4	So far the best pho Ive had in the valley. The broth is on point, tons of noodles & meat, and a great amount of "fixings". Got a strawberry smoothie here and it was very good, however they do not have boba, all though it says so on the menu.The service is suspect, but I feel like thats how every vietnamese restaurant is. I brought a buddy here for his first pho experience and he is hooked now. Id totally recommend this place to all pho lovers.
5	My favorite Vietnamese restaurant in AZ. I recommend this restaurant to all of my friends & family. Quality food, clean atmosphere & very friendly staff. Their soups are the best & it's authentic vietnamese food. Try their Bun Rieu or their Crispy noodle cake (S2) Love, Love Love. Everything I've had here is quite tasty. Enjoy!!!
2	I would have rated this place 4 stars but they put MSG in their food which is no bueno.  Having said that, the Pho was outstanding and the Spring Rolls were so delicious!  The service was super attentive and they were so friendly and nice to us!We got through about 5 minutes of our Pho when my girlfriend was like, "this has MSG in it and I'm allergic to it." So we stopped eating it. The owner was super nice and he promised that if we called in advance he'd make us a broth without MSG in it, super cool.  If you're reading this Pho Van, my recommendation is that you make your pot of broth without MSG and add it to every bowl individually rather than to the whole pot.  You'll probably save money in the long run...I'll be back, call in advance and see.  I would happily bring this up to 4 stars!For those of you unfamiliar with the effects of MSG on the body google it.
5	AMAZING spring rolls! The pho was very flavorful and they give you lots of basil to put in it.
5	I have been to many pho places in the valley. This place is amazing and one of the best
5	Love this place!  The spring rolls are the best!
4	I loved every part of my meal. The ambience is great. They have a beautiful fish tank, music isn't too loud, and TVs are on the back wall. The waitstaff were friendly and efficient. My avocado smoothie was amazing; one of the best I have had in a long time. My pho was great. I love that the chicken pho was made with chicken broth and not beef broth!
1	Since the change of ownership, the food is only OK.  So it wasn't ever on my go to list for pho, but after a long day and returning from a biz trip... this is the closest pho joint to my home.The owner (I assume based on previous experience) sat me down w/ a menu.. and there I sat.. sat ... sat.. and finally the owner goes out w/ a buddy to drink a beer and has to walk by me.. as I continued to sit (first table by the entrance).  At the 10min mark, I gave up and returned the menu to the bar area.  As I walked outside, the owner was like "Are you done already?".  Obviously not, you sat me 10 min ago.. so I found that question pretty condescending.  I told him I didn't receive any service after 10 min, and to his credit, he apologized.So 2 stars for the ho-hum food, 1 star overall for poor service = erasing knowledge of the existance of this restaurant.  FAIL.ORIGINAL 10/28/2010 (4 star):I come here occasionally, which means the food is tasty enough.  My personal consensus is the pricing is higher than what I'd generally pay to get a no-soup vermicelli fix (their bowls are huge, yum #20)... This place is good for taking newbies (the atmosphere and decor is modern and inviting) and folks who are judgemental about divey looking joints.
5	Jimmy was such a gracious host to my family and friends when we came in last night.  The food, OMG it is hands down the best in town, I am pretty picky with how I like my food and every time, they pay close attention to detail and nail it every time.  The spring rolls are best in town, the Pho soup is by far better than anyone else's, but Jimmy is what pushes them to 5 stars for me.  He spent 10 minutes explaining dishes and going into detail about what is in the dish (which was great for our friends as it was their first time eating Vietnamese food), and they loved every bit of it.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!!
1	My husband and I love pho. We are new to the area and have been trying out different restaurants. Last weekend we decided to try this place for lunch. The one star is for the awful service. We were seated fairly quickly, but it was at least 10 minutes before we were brought menus. We waited another 10 - 15 minutes and still no water, no one to take our order...nothing. The restaurant was steady but not busy. The employees seemed to be completely unengaged. I can't remember the last time we walked out of a restaurant, but after waiting close to a half an hour we decided to cut our losses and try another place. We ended up at Saigon Pho, which was wonderful - excellent food and service! There are too many great places to eat in the Phoenix area to ever give this place a try again.
3	Just OK... with so much competition in the east valley they need to step up the game a little. The meal was good, however our service was not very good and we waited a long time for the food to come out. I only went here because my usual place is closed for remodel.
3	My first Pho since relocating from Oregon. Pho Van seems like an typical pho restaurant. The service was nice but erratic, the salad rolls were just average and the grilled pork vermicelli pretty good.Overall, it was good, but I am sure that there are better place out there.
4	Overall this place is pretty good. I have a severe fish allergy and they found me something I could eat. (Score!)My boyfriend got the marinated pork which he loved. I got a stew of some sort, with all kinds of yummy tripe, beef, insert random beef product.The ice tea was delicious, and the people were friendly. Nicely done.I will likely stick to my typical Pho place but it is on my list!
5	Excellent!  Had the Pho with beef round and brisket.  The broth was flavorful and the service was excellent.The staff was friendly and made me feel welcome.I will return and recommend Pho Van.
2	I really don't like giving bad reviews and I've had my fair share of delicious and really bad tasting pho. Today I came here with my family and ordered a pho chin (brisket) and my mom got the seafood pho... my goodness I might as well have gotten noodles in a bowl of plain water. The broth was disappointingly bland even with sriracha and hoysen sauce... we seriously had to reach for the salt. The noodles were kinds hard... Maybe it was an off day for them but I probably won't be back
5	Delicious food, fresh ingredients, everything home-made, excellent service.  Restaurant is extremely well-decorated and appealing.  We went at opening time on a Saturday and were seated and served immediately.  This was only the second time I have eaten Vietnamese food . . . and it was the best.  We ate until we were stuffed and the final bill, no drinks, with tip, was less than $40 for two people.  We will definitely be back!  Bravo to the owners of this establishment!
5	New to the area and found the owner to be warm and hospitable.  He gave us suggestions and we thought the food was excellent and priced right.  We will definitely be back soon!
4	When I come down to the Phoenix area, I often yearn for the Pho places I get up in my neck of the woods in the Seattle area.  Pho Van has filled that gap in my life when I'm visiting the area.  Simply amazing pho.  I had the flank and steak and asked them if they could throw some tendons in there as well.  I was served by a man who worked there asking "who ordered tendons?".  I raised my hand and was asked if I was Vietnamese because I "knew".  I got a little kick out of that, but I have to say the tendons were plentiful and delicious!  The deep fried tofu was really delicious as well, and I will definitely be back to try out some of the pork broth soups on the menu.  Unlike some pho restaurants, Pho Van has a really nice ambience to it.  This place doesn't get by on looks alone.  They know their stuff!
5	Pho Van is my go-to place for Vietnamese in the Chandler / GIlbert area hands down.Why?Well for starters, the food is great, the staff is friendly (but also busy), and the restaurant is very clean and modern.  The latter may not be important for flavor, but it definitely adds to the dining appeal, especially if you are bringing friends along to introduce to Vietnamese who are inexperienced with the cuisine.That 'introduction' aspect is a huge plus - very often when dining with more than yourself you get stuck eating at really lame, boring chain joints in order to satisfy the chalky, boring tastes or diet of somebody in your group.  It isn't their fault.  They were raised in America.  Most of us had chalky, boring diets at one point or another.I have found it is much easier to ease frightened or intimidated eaters into a new cuisine with a restaurant that looks, smells, and feels comfortable and clean to them.I dig me a hole in the wall Vietnamese place as much as anyone, but you get a little more thoughtful, modern experience at Pho Van without sacrificing flavors or really any dishes.  Everything is very good, especially for the price and ambience.Most people new to Vietnamese food will leave Pho Van with their minds open and their palates expanded..   That's a beautiful thing!I usually order Vietnoobs the Goi Cuon, Cha Gio, and Pho Tai to try their first time out.  If they hate soup (silly, but it happens) go for the Bun.   Don't tell them they are eating fish sauce if they are picky until they've started eating and enjoying it.  ;)The more Vietnamese food fans we help create, the more Vietnamese restaurants will start popping up - and we need them.  There isn't even a pho joint in Gilbert yet - only a Chinese place that serves pho."This will not stand, ya know, this aggression will not stand, man." - The DudePho Van creates lovers of Vietnamese food. Pho Van wins.
5	First time eating at this place. We did a to go order of Pho Thai and the spring rolls. The food was very fresh and the peanut sauce is awesome!!! Finally we found a Pho place to enjoy good food. ^_^
1	This review is based on my experience last year. I came across this and saw all the good reviews and I felt compelled to write this. The food here is disgusting and so is the way it is prepared. Maybe this is an east coast thing but shrimps pass waste (you know a #2). When this happens your not supposed to leave all the poop on the shrimp. Every piece of shrimp served was served in its' own poop and hard as a ROCK. I have never had any seafood dish that was nearly as bad as the one I had here. Its also nasty not to clean out the shrimp. I honestly can't understand how anyone could possibly give this place more than 2 stars. What are you people thinking? BTW I was also served the worst tasting noodles I have ever ordered at ANY Asian establishment. How in earth do any of you give this place good reviews???
1	If you are a non-white and non-vietnamese be assured to be treated differently and with less dignity. You will have to wait to be seated since the owners/managers are busy watching TV and talking to their community folks and ignoring you while you wait for a table.After being seated, the server does not show up for 15 mins and once they do show they do not apologize for the delay. Don't be surprised if you don't get checked upon whether your food came out OK but that the neighboring table seated with their community folks (as mentioned above) get checked upon frequently.Food was so-so and not great, I have eaten much better and tastier Vietnamese food at either Saigon Nites in Scottsdale or Noodle Ranch on Thomas/Scottsdale. The owners over there know how to treat their customers right unlike this establishment.
5	I know they're known for pho, but try the curry NOW!!!! Get it with bread. It is so good you will lose your mind!!!!
4	I've been coming here for years and I can't believe I never done a review. Anyways this is my go to Pho place. The service is speedy fast (almost too fast) and the pho will help you with what's ailing you. You must get the egg roll, it's soooo good. I want to try other things but I can't cause I gotta pho (it's that good).
5	This place is amazing.  The atmosphere is great.  The food is awesome!  The BBQ pork is the best I've had in Chandler.  Price was reasonable, and the service was friendly.  This spot is a definite winner!!!
4	Does not disappoint! See my tip, but with array if choices in area this wins! Great flavor, service, clean, crisp and so fresh!! Did I mention the good flavor?? Go for it!
5	The egg rolls were SO good. I ate a ton of them. Very good! Lovely staff too, very friendly.
3	My boyfriend and I wanted to try to find a Pho place near our  house and thought this was a great place our first experience. We thought the food was great! Then the last time we went, we kind of had a bad experience. We got there at 8:00PM and they closed at 8:30 (which we didn't realize). We were waiting for a friend to join us and the guy working there was kind of impatient and told us that we needed to hurry and order since they were closing soon. We ended up leaving and the other waitress was kind enough to tell us that there are other people eating so we should stay. It was very kind of her to let us know it was okay for us to stay, but the other guy definitely made us feel unwelcome. We will probably go back and try it out again.
2	The two stars are for the food and facility. The service here is atrocious.I had the #13, the beef and meatballs. The pho was tasty, worthy of 3-4 stars in its category.The room is contemporary, clean, and has colorful distractions like TVs and an aquarium.The bad part of the place is the service. As I type this, I'm still fuming over how poor this experience was. It took a little bit longer than usual to get seated, but I will let that pass.There are no drinks listed on the menu, and the order taking is for everything at once. The server was very much to the point with not even a greeting spared for us. I ordered my entree and a Diet Pepsi. We got two waters brought to us. I am content to wait until the meal comes to say something about this, thinking that my soda might come with the pho. My friend and I get our meals separately, which is unusual, but it gives the pho time to cool. That was the last time anyone came by our table except near the end of the meal, when they asked if we needed a water refill. I saw no indication that you are supposed to pay at the counter, so I flag down a server and ask for the bill after 5-10 minutes of both of us being done with our food. The bill has a soda charge on it, so we go to the counter to fix it. My friend notices a sign at the counter that says you need to pay at the counter. I did not see this at all, as I was just focused on getting out of there. This sign does no good if you have to already be at the back of the restaurant to see it. Places like IHOP and other diners have their cash registers at the front, so it's more obvious what you need to do.Not once did I feel like anyone cared if I enjoyed myself or my food. Just having good food is not enough. There has to be communication with the diners, and the logistics and financial process have to be at a minimum standard level.Besides the staff getting some retraining, I would suggest a sign at the front that says, "Please wait to be seated. Please pay at the back counter." That would have gone a long way toward making the experience less aggravating.
1	Omg, It might be the last time I go there. The service s getting worse and worse. I dunt know y i dont see the two nice and cute waitresses anymore. And now they hire an old and unprofessional lady who didnt know how to serve customers. She doesnt know the menu, the food.. So what the hell she does in the restaurant.. The service took forever.. And I know its personal, but she should dress nice to show her respect to customers. That old lady dress like she just got out of her bed... Excuse me, and from all of that, you expect me to tip a lot when Im unhappy about the service? Hella no. You were lucky that I still left some tip. And the most awful thing was she look at the tip and showed her attitude... Should she have to ask herself about her service instead of expecting the good amount of tips? What a terrible service. Wont never come back again.
4	I met a friend w/ her kids for lunch here and order the pho w/ tripe and beef. We also got the egg rolls and spring rolls. The spring rolls and pho were tasty but I'd pass on the egg rolls. You can't go wrong by ordering the Thai iced tea. It was delicious.
1	This place sucks ass.  My girlfriend and I got seated and apparently they forgot about us as we sat for 15mins without an inquiry about the water. We left and I started this Yelp. Stay away!
3	We tried the quail appetizer which was delicious. The decor was nice for a Viet restaurant. The service was good. I ordered the veggie pho which was pretty good. Despite all these positive comments, why only 3 stars? It has okay food if you don't want to travel far, but in comparison to other Viet restaurants, it's not as good and overpriced.
3	I ordered their pho and spring rolls and it was delicious. The only thing I didn't really like is their service and how expensive their food is. It is kind of on the pricy side. The service is horrible, they seem to not care about us and never refilled our drinks and we had only water. Overall, food is good, service just sucks.
4	Went there for lunch today. Ordered shrimp fried rice, crispy egg rolls and ice tea. Everything was fresh, hot and flavorful. The main course came long before the "appetizer", but I've grown to accept that in Asian restaurants. (When I lived in China, sometimes you would even get the dessert first if that particular chef in the kitchen wasn't backed up.) The tea was refreshing, but I guess you don't get refills. Maybe some water would have gone well with it.The place is clean, well-lit and quick with the orders. I would definitely go there again.
5	Love this place, clean, excellence foods, good customers services , the owners are very friendly, highly recommended...
5	My Vietnamese parents fed me pho before I even grew teeth to chew on the noodles! So when it comes to pho, I'm highly judgemental and point out every little flaw. I'm picky when it comes to choosing a good Vietnamese restaurant! Sorry, blame my parents. They're picky eaters! So I was so glad to come across this place in Arizona! This place is ze bomb! Every time I eat here it reminds me that I am not missing out on anything back home in Cali when it comes to good Pho. The broth is always steaming good. Add a little bean sprouts, lemon, mint leaves and u got yourself a big bowl of goodness! I always get the PHO TAI with only the red meat or for the people who never tried pho, and if u crazy kids wanna go all out, try the pho Dac Biet. Which includes all the meat, tendons, etc. I love this place. Bomb everything!
1	Don't eat here! They make everyone check in on their phone to get the 10% off. Not one per table.
5	I went to Pho Van last friday and while I have had lunch from time to time and loved it, I never met the staff or the owner.  On this day, Jimmy introduced himself, took our order and talked me into a dish that isn't on the menu and I swear it was the best food I had eaten in many moons.  It was so good, I am going again tonite to have the very same thing.  His staff is so friendly, they seem to actually enjoy their jobs-which is so refreshing in any line of work, but especially the service industry.  I can't say enough good about this place.  The beer is excellent, the appetizers are top notch but the main entrees are just out of this world.  Thank you Jimmy.  See you tonite!
5	Always makes me feel better to have pho when I'm feeling sick. They make amazing food, have outstanding service and great choices.
5	Just moved here from Newport Beach and was wondering if I could find good Pho here because SoCal has some of the best. Well Jimmy (owner) is from Huntington Beach and he brought great Pho to Az. Thank you Jimmy, it was delicious!
5	Delicious!
5	If you want authentic, incredible Vietnamese cuisine Pho Van is the place! Best Pho in the valley hands down! The broth is always flavorful and clear. Love their egg rolls too, gotta roll them in the lettuce leaf and hit it with the fish sauce. YUMMY!  YUMMY! YUMMY!
5	The owner was really friendly with my family and took time to speak with them on a personal level. Since the Vietnamese community is small in Arizona, it was nice to see my fiancee and her parents have a chance to make a new friend. The food tasted great, too!
4	This place would get a 5 star if the service was better.  Took awhile to take the order.  When they brought out the appetizer they didn't bring any plates to eat them with.  Then when they brought out the pho they never brought out the veggies and limes that usually comes with it. And after that never came back to check on the table. Ran out of water after eating the appetizer. But the food was really good. The place itself was nice, felt really modern.
4	I've been back a couple of times since the initial visit. The service has definitely improved. The food is actually pretty decent. I usually order the Bun Bo Hue. It is a tad oily but overall full of favor. However, in my last visit, I noticed that they changed their serving bowls. They claim it is better to "hold the heat". In my opinion, it just looks smaller. I believe it is smaller because my gf were able to finish her meal...which is rare. Now....I am deciding if I should return since the portion to cost ratio is no longer fair...
4	Fantastic pho, excellent spring rolls, great prices! I have only ever had pho and spring rolls here, but that's enough! If you want the best pho in t g e greater Phoenux area, this is the place to go!
4	Wen was the last time you had a nice bowl of pho?  This place makes great noodles and other Vietnamese food.  So this place is a good place to check out.  It has a nice dining area and cold beer.  The bad thing was all the hispanic music blasting from the kitchen.  But the sweet little ol' lady who was picking fresh mint was a joy to talk to.  I would go again if I was in the area.
4	I always receive great food from here. We find quick seating and receive our food about 15 minutes after ordering. I always order the Bon.
3	Great food. But service is worse and worse every time we are here. I feel bad because the owner is a really great person. But all the waitresses who work there only plays on their cell phones. Never come to check the table, the food. And even you walk to them to ask for Togo containers. They just ignore you. If your cell phone game or Facebook is that important then just stay home please? And there's NO 10% off check in. Obviously they tell you it's 10% off of your own food. Not with your partner. They need to put that on Yelp. "10%off your own food, not 10%off your bill". Ridiculous!WORST services ever.
2	Our most recent visit to this restaurant was not the first time, obviously.  The food here was still good.  But the service became unprofessional.  This restaurant is open sitting; we came in, selected a table and sat down.  The waitress came to us with menus promptly.  So far so good.  But when we gave our order, she did not write it down.  Even though she repeated the order, we had to remind her one item.From the moment we sat down to the time we paid at the counter, NO ONE served us water.  None of the waitresses who brought our dishes out, one at a time, noticed there was not a single glass of water.  By the way, I ordered iced tea.  No iced tea.  When I paid at the counter, I informed the manager the short coming of the service of his restaurant.  He asked me to identify the waitress who took our order, but I refused.  My reason: this failure of service started with management, who failed to properly defined responsibilities.  The waitress who took the order might or might not be the same person servicing water. The other fail point was that no one, especially those who brought the food out afterward, took notice there was no water.  The waitress who originally took our order did not take the time to revisit us and verify that everything was brought out.  Even though the food was good, the service was not.  While I hope management fixes this service problem, I am not sure I will give this place another try, given the bad experience we just had.
2	I am not sure what has happened to this restaurant but the service is horrible. I have been here numerous times with my family but for the past couple times I've been out here its been so terrible. They don't offer you free water anymore as you wait, the people there look miserable, they aren't personable as before, and the food tastes bland. I really feel that this place has some personal issues because the service speaks for itself, horrible. I am definitely searching for a new place to take my family to eat pho.
5	I come here at least once a week. The Pho is great and they will make it to go.   Love Pho when I'm feeling sick so that option is nice. Everything is always fresh and they are always nice to me.
2	Definitely not impressed. Haven't been here in a long time and a lot has changed. There has been a redesign in the layout. There used to be granite tables now it's cheap tables covered with a cloth, which would be ok until you sit down and notice the butcher paper used to cover the cloth; what a cheap move!! Service was incredibly slow even though they where only about a quarter capacity. Most of our food came out before our drinks and we had to constantly ask for all the necessities for our food. Chili, silverware, saucses, etc..The flavor of the food was as good as I remember, but when considering the price of what you pay versus the portion size I rate this a fail. Be prepared to pay a good $20 per person for your food, drink, and tip then walk out still feeling hungry. As of right now I say avoid this place and find some place else to fool you up.
2	The 2 stars I gave this restaurant is for the food and the food alone. We ordered Banh Xeo and Pho Tai. They were both really good. There, I acknowledged that their food was good. However, that will be the only great thing I have to say in this review.The service I received was a nightmare. We waited for almost an hour for our food, about 45 mins for the server to even noticed us sitting there with nothing on the table and finally brought us some water. I made eye contacts with the servers quite a few times and somehow he always avoided us instead of coming over and asked if we need anything. The food was brought out 45 mins after we ordered and we had to wait another 15 mins to ask for some utensils. I noticed two tables came in way after we did, got there food and left before our food even came out. So I dont know why our table got such bad service?! Will never come back again even though the food was decent. Sorry.
5	This place not only has excellent food but the staff is very friendly. I drove from Anthem because I heard this place was good. I agree. This place is well worth the drive.
2	What has happened to this place?! We have been coming to this place for pho for the last 2-3 years and even got to know 1 of the cooks before he left. Honestly when he left the pho didn't taste right and we moved on to another place nearby for pho. Recently we came back and was disappointed for the last time. There was no improvement on the pho and the price was outrageous for a small bowl of pho. Pho Vietnam here we come.
5	Pho Van is the best in town. Besides the great Pho, try the vietnamese crepes, spring rolls, and vermicelli salads (my wife's favorite). Ask to meet Jimmy for other great items on/off the menu. We asked Jimmy to put together a special menu for  my brother's bithday, and he blew us away with an amazing meal. Thank you Jimmy! You and your staff make it easy for us to enjoy Vietnamese food.Continue success,
4	I love this place. The Pho is excellent, and the service is prompt. I have always been able to get in and out during luncheon time.
2	Being so close to my home, I really wanted to love this restaurant. Visited on a quiet weekday night, seated right away and our drink order quickly taken. $5 seems a bit much for a Thai tea, but it was yummy. I had wanted to order one of the noodle dishes, but was told that chef went home. Umm...ok. Both of ordered Pho and egg rolls. Egg rolls were delicious! Pho? Eh. Broth was really bland and needed a lot of help to make it just good. The Pho at unPhogettable is much better.  Sorry to say, we won't be back.
5	1st ... Time here and loved it ... Wonderful fresh Veggies .!!! Just lovely ..Very nice & clean  .. We will be back 4 Sure....!!!!
3	They have good pho, rice dishes, and noodle dishes.  But whats with the price? It's not a little high.. they are sky high! This could become my regular spot if the prices weren't so high.
4	Excellent Food + Good Service + Nice DigsBeing a fan of Pho, always up for a friendly first visit for fresh broth, noodles, and sides.  (Okay, used up all my words beginning with the "ffff" sound.)Pho Van is a nice restaurant with excellent Pho.  We ordered the Fried Tofu (okay), Pho Da Biet (great), Bun Ga Xao Xa (very good), and some straight noodles with chicken off the kids menu for the kids.  All were tasty and arrived with a modest wait.Only knocks would be on service and availability.  They were training a new dude, so we had to repeat orders and things came out at different times, so our family couldn't eat quite together.  Won't rate them down too much for that.  But, then they were out of the flavored drinks we wanted to order from the menu.  Three of them.  In a row.  We ended up going simple with water and tea.  And yes, only the Boss can enter the Yelp! discount.Very cool aquarium.  Kids were enthralled!
1	Why was I charged $12 for a bowl of soup at lunch time even if there is it 1 dollar sign for affordability? It was great soup,  but I haven't back since.
4	Pho is good, spring rolls are tasty, but the service is slow. I've been here many times, and each time I have a rather long wait to be seated, place my order, and to get the check. Not a big deal though because I don't go when I'm in a hurry. I go back because the pho is delicious, it's close to home, and the price is reasonable.
2	Decent food but horrible customer service. The waiter only tended my party TWICE: to sit us down and to take our order. Service was very unprofessional. No water refills until we raised our hands to ask for it. Sometimes, we couldn't even spot any waiters except for the owner who seemed to be enjoying her lunch at the table in the corner. Same goes with the bill. We waited until we couldn't anymore and had to come to the register ourselves to get the bill and pay it. Like mentioned before, the food is decent. At least the Hu Tieu My Tho Kho that I always get. As for the portion size, it seems like it has gotten smaller. Pho Van can really become great if they put more effort in their customer services.
2	Place was dirty and did not serve vegetarians. They guy said over the phone they did. Otherwise nice people.
4	Being from Los Angeles, this place has generous portions and serves tasty pho. Broth was good and generous meat portions. The fried spring rolls were crispy and delicious. They give you ample greens, basil, and mint with the appetizers. Never seen so much greens in an appetizer but it made sure I had my portion of veggies with all the hearty food. Price was a few dollars more than I usually pay for back in LA but then again I'm away from home so this will do.
1	The service here was absolutely terrible! I will never come back. As we walked in, we did not get acknowledged, we saw alot of angry, irritated faces on the customers but assumed they were all having a bad day. Waited a good 15 mins before someone came to take our order. The table to the right of us sent their order back. The table behind us just got up and left, and the table to the left of us sent their tea back and needed to request utensils. The brought us our food, I had to get my own sauces for my pho, waited 15 mins to get my veggie plate but by that time, my pho was soggy. Disgusting and terrible!  Never again and not even an apology for their sorry service!
1	This is one of the worst restaurants to visit if you require remedial to no customer service. They were very rude/didn't respond to any of my requests and wouldn't provide any extras as in basil, lime etc if I could rate -1 I would.
