2	Driving through an area of town, where we normally aren't, looking for food, without a preference, my wife and I both spotted a sign for PameZan Subs at the same time. Hooking a quick U-turn, we pulled into the parking lot and almost didn't go in. The front doors were both propped open, an extension cord was through the entrance, to where staff members were hanging a sign/banner on the side of the building. Not sure if they were actually open, or almost ready for business, we walked in, and were prepared to have to leave.A nice lady walked in, and had someone who was still on the clock come up and take our orders. The cashier/order taker was a very nice lady, with an interesting accent. They turned on the TV when we sat down, and I asked if they could put it on a specific channel. Not knowing if they had the channel or not, she handed me the remote, and said I could pick something to watch. Before our food arrived, the cashier said/did something that drew the ire of who we are pretty sure is the Owner, Christopher. Christopher decided that on the line (which butts up against the dining area, with an open-air kitchen) was the perfect place to berate, and belittle this employee. A moment later, another employee came in, and asked the cashier a question. Christopher again was loud enough for us to hear, as he told the inquisitive employee, "Don't ask her that, don't ask her anything, ever. She doesn't know anything. Ask me if you have a question." Or something pretty dang close to that.My wife's food came out first, a few minutes later mine was delivered, Christopher made light that he forgot to make my food when he started making my wife's lunch. Neither of our meals were above average, they were disappointing even. Maybe it was a case of the "just openeds" - or their recipes are just bland and unappealing to us. Not sure if we will give them a try if they make it, until we are in that area, and hungry again.
5	Best meatball sub I have had in a very long time.  Definitely want to try the God Father next time I am in.  The cakes in the display case are incredible as is the Italian ice  I haven't had one of those since I was a kid.  This place is definitely worth giving a try.
1	I'm sorry to write a bad review since the restaurant is new, but we paid close to $20 for a giant Parmesan chicken sandwich that was barely edible. First off, the chicken was cold, tasteless, and was hard like it had been cooked for quite a while before we ordered it. Secondly, the chicken wasn't any different than the breaded frozen chicken tenderloins that you can purchase at Sam's club. Finally, one would think that a place named Parmezan Subs would specialize in Parmesan Chicken Subs and that this particular item on the menu would be a safe bet for flavor and value. Not so...It's too bad because we really liked the hostess who greeted us and told us that they'd only been open for 8 days so far. Sorry to say we won't be giving them another try.
5	Just discovered a hidden treasure. I haven't had a meatball sub this good since I was back in Little Italy. The shop is a family run business and the owner, Chris, came out to greet us and check on us during our meal. I can't wait to try more of their food....it's so good even the Corleone's would eat here! 'Leave the gun, take the cannoli'
5	Went here on a recommendation...the first thing that struck me was the cleanliness of this restaurant.  Important to me., so I take notice.  I found the staff very friendly, and fun to talk with.  Prices are more than reasonable, nothing on the menu over 14.99.  Food came out quickly, and hot.  I would be remiss if I didn't say this is some of the best food I've found in the area. I had the  eggplant parmesan sandwich...amazing!  Mini cannolli my fav. So glad I decided to visit.  Using them to cater my Christmas party.
5	Heard about this little Italian spot from my friend in Henderson and had to check it out. I decided on the chicken francese sub with the penne alla vodka sauce which was probably the best I have had in the city. I respect when someone takes the time to make everything homemade. Cannolis had a lemony taste which was AMAZING. I will be making the drive across town to eat here again!
5	I wish there were 6 stars!  Dinner was unbelievable, I could taste the freshness, obviously homemade. Watching the chef cook was a treat- I could see my food was not previously cooked or frozen.  And the place was sparkling clean.  Apparently, this is a new place, but any kinks that may have been there, are not now.  Friendly staff, charming chef, clean environment, lower than expected prices and quick service. The cannoli there just might be the best this Italian girl from back east has ever had! Definitely merits regular visits so I can try everything on the large menu!  I'm so excited!
5	Great new find in Henderson, NV.  Great italian food, desserts.  Homemade Cannollis.Everything is freshly made to order.  NO pre-made chicken cutlets here!  Everything cooked in olive oil....you don't find that anywhere.  Sauce and bread are made daily!  Had a medium sausage and peppers sub and it was more than enough...The bread was amazing!
5	The chef rocks out some awesome minestrone soup! Very flavorful. I had the meatball parmezan sub. Wow the sauce is perfect and the meatballs were tender the fresh crusty bread was the perfect sandwich and the use of good quality ingredients, u can taste .  You can tell a lot of love went into the food.  I can't wait to try a few other things on the menu.  I'm glad they do dilvery in my neighborhood. It's a great addition to are area. The owner was very freindly and u can tell they have been in the industry a long time.
5	Back for more!   There are so many things on the menu, it would take me months to try them all, but I am determined to try everything at least once. So far, so phenomenal..  The food is incredibly fresh and tasty.  Had the chance talk with the owner about his new venture, and his background as a chef was very impressive.  Glad he decided to cook for the masses.  Definitely warrants 5 stars.
5	I can not rave enough about this place. I have tried both the shrimp and eggplant parm sandwiches, as well as their fries, and they were all phenomenal. I have since been craving it every day! The fact that they deliver is an extra plus. I will be ordering and visiting regularly! I can't wait to try more items on their menu!!
1	That all you can eat thing is a joke. For 12 dollars yes you get unlimited pasta but it's not an exaggeration to say it came straight from a can of Prego. There is no protein in the pasta, straight up noodles and sauce. The caesar salad is probably one of the worst I've had in recent memory, only good thing was bread and butter.Service wise the cashier was nice but slow, I'm assuming due to a new location she took a while to get the order from the first guest. The head chef in the back is practically yelling at another worker in the back, something that shouldn't be done in plain view. Anyways long story short the pasta sucks try something else.
5	My husband and I know the owner, personally. Great food.   Love the house side salad. Very clean environment, very welcoming. Like that they have daily specials. Will definitely be going back!
5	Grand Opening tonight! Place was packed! Food was amazing! Very friendly!  Tried the chicken Parmesan  sub... The sauce was amazing!  Garlic knots....mmm... Haven't had them in a long time!  Used to get them in NY but now the best are here in Henderson.  The cannoli was fresh and delicious!  Thanks for bringing the taste of New York to Nevada!  I'll be back!
5	My panini was flavorful and delicious. The chopped salad is one of the best I have ever had. Ended a great meal with a huge cannoli. Had a great meal at a great location.
5	Unbelievable food for this new restaurant. Watched the chef making homemade bread and sauce. What a treat that was! Grand opening packed to the walls, food tasting was amazing. Definitely a must try.  My new favorite place in Henderson.
5	I found my new favorite italian restaurant!! The food is excellent and the people that work there are very nice. I called in my order to pick up and the woman who took my order was very nice and patient when I ordered. My husband  picked up our food and he said everyone was extremely nice. The minestrone soup was excellent. The tomato base broth was so flavorful, the pasta was cooked perfectly (no soggy pasta here!) and the veggies in the soup were delicious too!!! My meatball sub was so delicious. Everything about it was great! My husband had the sausage and peppers sub and he said his was good as well. We also ordered baked penne pasta because I wanted to try several items from the menu and that too was delicious. Of note; our food  was still very hot when we got it home and it was packaged extremely well, separated nicely with tape so nothing spilled. Try this place....you won't be disappointed especially if you are from the New York area.  YUM!
5	first time there tonight,being from new york i know great italian food,i had the chicken parm with pene & soup. the owners & the people that work there are very nice.will definitely be back real soon for another great meal.
5	Food so good. Get in my belly. Made the drive out here from Southwest side of town with a buddy. Worth it.The owner's name is Chris, super awesome guy. He came out and checked out our car too haha. Come here and feast!
5	Great locally owned restaurant! Chicken parm sub, meatball subs, house salad and even the fries are so delicious!! We have visited many times! Clean and family friendly
4	Good fresh sub sandwich made with quality ingredients. PRICEY for the portion size.Will probably try it again to see if other items on the menu are good.Always like new restaurants opening in the neighborhood.
5	Great meatball sub. Head Chef Chris rocks out some good food. Atmosphere is very inviting, and the staff was very friendly. Excited to go back and try more of the menu.
4	Nice open and clean space. Owners were outgoing and really friendly. Ordered chicken parm sub with side pasta, meatball parm sub, and pasta and meatballs. Everything was delicious!  Best part was how great the food was when we took it for take out (which we do A LoT of)   Usually bread get soggy and food cold but not from here. Food was piping hot when we ate it at home and still crispy. Wished I had tried some dessert because it looked amazing, definitely something to try next time
1	My husband ordered the sausage and peppers sandwich.When it came out it was very messy.Which was ok tasted pretty good...later that night he was so sick with stomach pains....Something was not right,maybe sausage not cooked enough?We probably won't be back....Saw other people leave with only half eaten pasta dishes.The pasta looked prettty blah....
5	Ok I gotta say this place is awesome!  This time we ordered eggplant parm sub, kids chicken fingers and fries, chocolate cannoli, penne alla vodka, and zeppoli. Probably the best eggplant parm I've ever had. Everything tastes home made, even the fries and chicken fingers, which we order a lot with a 3 year old.  This was the first time I have ever had a zeppoli and I can say I'm a fan. Not greasy or too sweet. Perfect!  Even my picky daughter loved them and wanted more. Doesn't hurt that this place also delivers!!  Looking forward to my next order. Finally a great Italian restaurant in Henderson
5	The food is fantastic.  Great atmosphere and staff.  The tables have lit candles and some fine dining music is playing.  They have daily specials. If you happen to visit on a night where their special is the Rigatoni Bolognese, do not pass it up.  It is fantastic. My wife and I each tried their salads.  The Cesar and the Chopped Italian salad are fantastic.  All portions are large in comparison to most restaurants.  We didn't get to try the deserts this time around but they look incredible. Definitely will return.
3	2nd time here, 1st time for food and it was quite, quite good!!!! Ordered the entree size portion which was a GIGANTIC.....my order was Baked Penne, tasty tomato sauce with ricotta cheese, an plenty of it~ Which I LIKE, BTW!!!!!!     Truly huge portion served with bread which was good, however had it had been served hot it would have been excellent. I could have asked and I'am sure they would have heated it up,      I bought a small cannoli chocolate coated, YUMMMM! For later tonight soooo I will add comments AFTER it is consumed.     I have to mention that my very first visit was to have their coffee......possibly one of the BEST COFFEES in the valley~such a rich, creamy cup of Italian coffee  I will warn you in advance .....its STRONG, just like what you get in Italy.
3	Got some sammies to go.  Lil pricey....I got the large Sausage and peppers sandwich.  Good and tasty but pretty messy. Taste was great but for the price it could of been bigger.  Hate to compare a place to Capriaottis but they do give you a good size for the price. I will go back......if I got a coupon or two for one groupon type deal.
3	Great atmosphere the food is just ok but service was super!we will definitely return,
5	Loved the food and the atmosphere.Split the Chicken Parm and Lemon Fresc with my girlfriend and it was absolutely delicious. I will definitely have to come back soon.
5	Came for a catered company Christmas party. Restaurant is very nice and has a Coca Cola Freestyle machine! Chicken marsala was probably the best I've ever had. Everything else was great but that was exceptional! Try the little meatball subs too! Owner is very nice.
5	Without a doubt, one of the best eateries in the Las Vegas/Henderson area.  This "sub" shop has much more than meets the eye.  The Rigatoni Bolognese and the Chicken Francese are our regular fare but my wife has tried a number of different dishes that she loves.  This little hole in the wall specializes in take-out food and catering, as well as having seating for about 60 people for dining in service.  Everything is home-made at Parmezan SubsIf you are looking for takeout food or a casual place to hang out and grab a quick bite before going out, this place should not be missed!!!  Oh...Parmezans is also open for lunch.Greeters - N/AWait staff/counter - 5 Stars (very friendly staff)Food - 5 StarsDessert - 5 StarsAmbiance - 4 Stars (above average for a sub shop)Pricing - $$ ($30 for two people...but huge portions)Overall - 5 Stars
4	Nice place with not allot of hooplah. Not exactly fast food or full restaurant.       Fettuccine Alfredo and chicken parmesan were tasty.   Friendly staff.
