4	Green Chile Bagels are excellent.  Either with the breakfast sandwich or the open faced turkey and cheddar it doesn't matter it is delicious.  Be weary of one thing.  I didn't see a price on the orange juice, but when they rang me up it was like 4 bucks.  Other than that this place is always great  for a quick fix.
3	What do I look for from a good Bagel shop.....- Fresh Bagels.- Quick Service.- Tasty Cream Cheese.This location has it all.....enough said.Will I return?  You bet.
4	THE NICEST people work here.  They have such a great vibe that you want to just hang out here.  Doesn't hurt that Einstein Bagels are pretty damned good too.This is the norm Einstein's so I'm not going to critique the food, but this location has the bomb employees!!
5	Love this place and its right around the corner from me.fresh bagels, attentive staff and fair prices.
1	No salads... No regular cream cheese.. That counts out lunch for me I won't be stoping back. Girl was less then pleasant.
2	Poor service. Poor organization. The wait was too long because they were not operating in a systematic process or doing anything like I have seen in order Einsteins. I had to go back in and wait in line to get napkins and knives for my bagel bucket, they weren't even helpful or acknowledge their mistake
1	Seriously, only Einsteins could manage to F'up a bagel and cream cheese. EVERY, SINGLE, TIME, I go here they get my order wrong. Forget to toast the bagel. Give me the wrong kind of bagel. Refuse to cut my bagel in half. They never have any of the bagels that people want (Everything, garlic). But you can bet that they have a bajillion Green Chile bagels laying around. Fruit cups look dangerously old. Ridiculous ordering system. Honestly I wish I could like this place better because I live so close but Jeez. Never in my life have I seen such a simple concept so poorely executed. The absolute worst bagel store I have ever stepped foot in.
1	Service was PAINFULLY slow. Took 30 minutes for 2 paninis. I mean really? We saw that they were preparing everyone else's bagel orders before they finally got around to making our panini. When we checked our bag in the car, we found that the lady gave us the wrong order of chips. Incredibly disappointed with the service here. Won't be returning
4	I'd rather give this place three stars...so why 4? Because of the friendly service.I love bagels.  I like the selection they offer and the espresso drinks as well. Yes the service is a bit slow, yes they have messed up my order but you know what? They fixed their mistake without any attitude or rolling of eyes. I like that. And you know what? Friendly goes a long way. How can you be mad at someone who apologizes for their mistake and fixes it right away? You can't, unless you are a monster.The bagels are good, always perfectly toasted and buttered. The staff takes awhile to make drinks, maybe they don't make a lot of lattes or maybe they need to brush up on their faster pace skills. The drinks take FOR-EVA...but they are always tasty.  And it seems that the specialty feature lattes are constantly changing and I order those, so maybe it's a "how do I make this new drink?" Issue and not a pace issue. Now I said everyone here is nice. I meant that except for one employee.  Guess who that employee is?  Oh it's the GM!! That woman is a B rhymes with witch. I was in utter shock when I found out that this unpleasant individual was the GM!! Scenario: I ordered a strawberry banana smoothie for my person. It's a Saturday at noon.  The bagel pickings were slim and they still have four more hours until close. Is anyone making bagels?  Bueller? Bueller? The associate starts to make the smoothie and realizes oh there are no bananas. Who used the last banana? Hint: whoever used the last banana could have said "Hey we are out of 'naners!" And someone could have WALKED across the parking lot to Albertsons to get more because not sure if anyone read the beverage menu board but STRAWBERRY BANANA SMOOTHIE is a prominently displayed drink choice. You need bananas for that and conveniently a grocery store is right there, like right there!!! My person doesn't want just a strawberry smoothie or a mixed berry smoothie. So I asked to just get a refund. They call over the person eating their lunch in the store which brings me to, hey you are kind of busy, think you can jump in and help instead of stuffing your face ignoring the fact that there is a line??? This person (a woman) goes to give me change and I said wait can't you put it back on my card? I paid with a credit card. She says oh I forgot to ask you if you wanted it on your card but I already did it and I am going to give you change. So I asked her if she would put it on my card since that is an option. She sighed very heavily, rolled her big, stupid eyes at me and went on to charge me for another drink on my card and had to void that one plus return the first one. In my head I was thinking, if this place wasn't around the corner and if everyone wasn't so nice I'd never come here again if this were my first time here. I didn't know that was the GM, they went and sat back down after "helping, not helping" me. I was appalled, there was still a line and cream cheese tubs in a bus bucket teetering on the cooler edge that needed to be put out and displayed, but they got busy and the employee doing that task jumped behind the counter to HELP. You'd think the GM (who I didn't know was the GM at the time) would maybe take the what 3 minutes it would take to put them away instead of sitting back down to eat? I went in today and the nice manager with the long blonde pony tail, I wish I knew her name...was there.  I thought she was GM she's always helpful and pleasant and I wanted her to know, listen you have a manager here who isn't exactly welcoming, you need to coach her on her people skills because if I wasn't a regular and didn't know that it's normally a pleasant experience here, I'd never come back.  She told me that woman was the GM. My mouth involuntarily fell open in shock. I couldn't believe it. The GM is acting like that? Wow. And I noticed a we're hiring sign on the window.  It makes me wonder who would want to work for this woman? Are they having a hard time keeping employees? If you treat a customer like she did me and she thought that was acceptable behavior what does she treat her employees like. I felt bad for the entire staff.I hope the GM sees this. (Maybe customer service is not your forte...or maybe you need to work very hard on your people skills, I get the impression you are new, if you need some coaching on how to deal with people please respond to my review and I will be happy to set up a time to get together to go over basic customer service behaviors with you. I am very serious.)
5	This bagel shop is great! Most times it can be busy but they seem to never run out of the bagels you want.The business is generally clean.It also has a nice patio outside although it can be sometimes a little noisy next to the main road.They don't have any high chairs so make sure if you have a little one you bring your own. Staff are friendly and if you come in a couple of times they will remember you.
5	Update: I've been coming to this bagel shop for a while now, and today was great, the staff are Personable, friendly and just plain nice. I don't expect any special treatment but it's just nice to come to an establishment where the staff have a smile that doesn't seem fake. Yeah they work hard but you'd never know they were unhappy with what they are doing. Big credit to management
3	You pay for what you get. Good bagels and chocolate milk. Nom nom nom
4	We use this Einstein Bagel as a base for our cycling group on Saturday mornings often.  Love that they have outdoor tables with umbrella's for us to sit in while we watch our bikes.  Great coffee, good sandwiches (a favorite is the eggwhite, asparagus, and swiss sandwich), and for us cyclists.... easy access to our cycling routes.  We'll be back often....
1	After waiting a long period of time for some bagel sandwiches and spending nearly $20 for just 2 orders they manage to forget my sides even though we asked numerous times. And we even asked can we just purchase the sandwiches only and they said no it comes with sides.. well so much for that!! Waste of money and I didn't even go back because they would of probably taken another 20 mins just to get my sides!!
1	Worst customer service EVER! Sad too really because it's close, convenient and we love their bagels but the store is run so poorly. In all fairness their system is a little screwed up taking orders on one side of the counter and paying on the other end with no receipt or number so if there are several people in line you have to repeat your order while they search through recipes. The don't start specialty coffees right away causing them to never get made (I gave up on that one and got a refund). So I figure ok everyone has a bad day we went back BIG MISTAKE! while the bagel tasted great and I ordered a regular coffee this time they walk away without giving you a coffee cup for the self service station so you must ask. Then they can't make change for $100 which I can understand but NO ONE is in line and they are next door to chase bank with 5 people behind the counter and they won't get change in fact are appalled when I suggest so. I go next door explain to teller why I need change who shares the bank employees will not even go there anymore because of poor customer service. I return to shop and pay the girl gets an attitude with me saying she is working and can't possibly walk next door for change. Over all a horrible experience I'm interested to see how the store manager will approach this when I call and needless to say will NOT be back to this location ever again!
2	You think I would learn after several months to stop coming here but I didn't want to just give up on them. I'd been going to this location since we moved into our new house over a year ago. Everything started out fine last year. I usually go once or twice per week. Then sometime this year things started going down hill. At first every couple of times I came in they were out of cranberry. Then it started happening every time. I finally contacted corporate and complained to them that they were always out of cranberry. They contacted me back and apologized and said they were working with their stores on changing things and offered to send me some coupons. Months have passed and nothing has changed and I never received anything from corporate. We went in again today and this time they were out of cranberry (no surprise) but also everything, blueberry, wheat plus much more. The baskets were mostly empty. Then my husband wanted to order a smoothie and they were out of the mix too. Got home and found out they got my order wrong on top of everything else. I guess it's time to find a new bagel place.
2	I really, really love their bagels, but the staff here is simply incapable of getting an order correct, no matter how simple and straight-forward. It's bagels, people! It's not like anything anyone orders there is ever anywhere near complicated. Well, at least nothing I've ever ordered anyway.It doesn't matter what I ask them for, It doesn't matter what they repeat back to me, It doesn't matter what the receipt says....they WILL screw it up. No question.It's so consistent and reliable that I'm actually starting to think that it may be on purpose, some sort of idiotic employee challenge to see who can get away with the biggest/most "mistakes" or something equally obnoxious. Do I sound paranoid? Well, maybe, but it's either that or they have the single most ineffective employee training program I've run across in my 39 years on this planet.Regardless, if you order food here, no matter how clear and painstakingly-carefully you may order it (BAGELS?!?!), be prepared to be ignored...and handed whatever the hell they feel like giving you. And no, this isn't a review based on a sole bad experience. This is every time I walk in to this place.  Every single damn time!Like I said, though, I do love their bagels (and this place is really close to my house), but I'm just about finished giving these people my money.Simple as that.
2	Obviously same fare as all the other Einstein Brothers. But this one has two particular problems: Mornings, there are no seats available partially due to a particular large group of regular Seniors who frequent this place to read the paper and chat. Second, it's probably the busiest Einstein's and is poorly managed in the morning, resulting in longer than normal waits. If you have options, go somewhere else.
