1	BE AWARE - DO NOT BUY FROM THIS STORE.  I purchased a shoe for my son from this store; he wore the shoe once and got blisters on his feet.  I went to the store for a exchange and the store would not exchange it because it was worn.  YES, it was worn once, otherwise I would not know about his blisters.  I'm so DISSATISFIED.  I will NEVER buy from this store again.  Something needs to be done about their return policy.
3	I have purchased from this store and location twice and have been happy with both transactions and product.I shop here for my hubby's DC brand shoes as they have the best selection always along with good prices. I pick out the style of the shoe I want and I ask for my husbands size and I am on my way.This last visit was cool because the Supervisor Eugene was on duty and he was a sweetheart and shook my hand thanking me for my business. Their service is always on it, the same male employee (salesperson #28045) helped me on both of my visits 6 months apart. This fellow is not pushy yet he works his rump off in helping you find what you are looking for. I wish I could remember his name because he is Awesome and truly likes his job and it shows when he is assisting you.I have never had an issue here, I go in pick out a pair of shoes and they bring me the size I requested.I only tip is to make sure you try on what you buy or make sure like I do if you are buying for someone else that you are certain of the size.Their receipt clearly states the following:No refund...No refund...No refundExchange or store credit within 30 days of purchase if unworn with original box. Tags and receipt.
5	Staff was very upbeat, knowledgeable and helpful. Every time I come to LV I will stop by just because of the great customer service!
5	was looking for dc's. display was down. salesman met me at the door, asked me what I wanted. brought out several examples of my brand and didnt try to sell me any other offering advice on a single pair. took all the time stress pain and suffering out of what had already been an excruciating shopping day. kudos.I wish I could remember his name but god bless Shoe Palace!
1	So I've been to a lot of Shoe Palaces. And this is the first time I've been in a shoe palace and I haven't been greeted AT ALL! Also tell me why when I walk in ready to make a purchase on some new Jordan Futures . One of the associates and a friend begin to stare at me and start laughing . Of course I have no idea why they would... But later on he tells me " Why are you looking at me crazy" and starts to laugh . Me being more baffled and confused, ask them "what are you talking about" and keep saying " why is this fool looking at me crazy " ... So with this attitude in never shopping in this store again. Pure weirdos that work here .
