3	Cafe 39 is a pretty non-descript establishment on the fringes of Marchmont. It sells reasonably priced coffee and teas, it has a deli counter with various bits and bobs for creating sandwiches and salads and, randomly, it has a wee cabinet of 'freshly' baked pastries (this is similar to the kind of thing you normally only see in petrol station minimarts, I highly doubt they are actually made on the premises). Its one discerning feature is the AMAZING super duper fast WiFi (I challenge you to find a faster connection in any other Edinburgh caff), I would trek across the city for connectivity this good, however, they only let customers use it for 45mins. GRRRR. This place isn't bad, but it could be a lot better.
3	Edinburgh hosts an almost infinite amount of places to grab a coffee and a bite to eat. Coffee 39 , being one of them, deserves to be part of the 3 star groupThe interior itself resembles a many Marchmont area living rooms: spacious, high ceilings and a scattering of cosy seating. All equating to good place to chill out. They do some decent stuffed peppers (look for the Dolma) and the usual deli style products, all of which are fine for a nibble. Free Wifi and cheapish coffee all also add to an average package.  Nothing special, but the kind of place you can rely on.
2	No. 39 is a wee deli/cafe just off the south side of Middle Meadow Walk, in the residential area of Marchmont. There's nothing particularly exciting about this place, apart from that it's one of the very few cafes Marchmont has. Not that Marchmont is very big to begin with. It's the closest one you'll get to the Meadows (apart from the Pavilion which is on the Meadows) in that part of town.They serve your regular array of paninis, sweets and coffees. One thing I've always been taken aback by (in a good way no less) is the fact that they sell fresh fruit. Ripe fruit, at that. Which is quite rare in cafes. And delis for that matter. I had a decent turkey and brie and cranberry panini there once, back in my meat-eating days, but there was nothing wowing about it. Their coffee is also decent, but nothing to rave about. I will give them this, though, they are painted one helluva good shade of red! And it's also kinda worth it if you need a change of scene or want to grab a coffee on your way to work/uni from Marchmont through the Meadows.
4	The display window of this cute Marchmont cafe is a lot like a teenager's bedroom walls - covered in countless, largely unrelated posters! I take a liking to some places, sometimes inexplicably, and it's definitely happened with this cafe. I was probably extremely hungry or needed to rest my feet (you know how food tastes like crack just because you're starving?)*. Well it's relatively cheap and I found it quite cosy as well, so worth a mini coffee break.*I have never done crack.
3	Popped in here for a late lunch at the weekend and found it to be a very welcoming and pleasant establishment. They offer a good range of fillings for the various types of rolls on offer as well as baked potatoes and the prices for food and drinks are on the whole very reasonable. You can either sit at a table or watch the world go by at the window and the service was spot on.
4	Really like this neighbourhood cafe, its round the corner from me so gets visited regularly. The place is clean, relaxed and has some intesting choices for sandwiches and lunch options. The staff are pleasnt and are always accomodating for some of my friends requirements eg vegan, veggie, no diary etc.Check out the soup and the Turkish delight sandwich - haloumi, pastrimi, pickles and salad.
3	Solid CoffeeNot a bad gaff, attentive service and good coffee. Didn't try the food, but they had a range of fresh sandwiches and pastries.Cheaper than places nearby and just as good
