4	We were looking for fingerprinting services in Scottsdale.   Where everyone else is charging $30+ dollars, they only charge $10.   They were a little tough to find (West side of airpark off of Greenway~Hayden Loop).  They also had multiple phone numbers, which no one answered and all seemed to be cell phones.  Since we were close, we just drove by and walked in.  Very easy and FAST!    It appears they perform all sorts of other Private Investigation Services, but we wouldn't know anything about it.
4	They were great! I needed to get my fingerprints done for the background check for my new job, and I had NO IDEA where to go. It turns out that the Scottsdale Police Department no longer offers fingerprinting to the public (not that I really wanted to go there anyway), so I turned to trusty old Yelp and found Global PI Security a few blocks from work in the Scottsdale Airpark. They answered when I called and confirmed that they were open (they're open during regular business hours on weekdays and you just stop in - no appointments are needed) I was worried I'd have trouble finding it and asked the guy on the phone for any landmarks to help me locate their office, but was only given the (unhelpfully general) tip that they are "next to the Scottsdale Airpark" Soooo - I went searching and did have a tough time locating the office. I eventually did find them (I know you were on the edge of your seat for a moment there... did she find them? did she get completely lost in time and space? what happened?! ... Now you know) They are in the 7807 building, which has a green rooftop/edge. There is only one sign on the building and that says Dynatek Media - if you drive into the parking lot and follow it as it wraps around the back, you can park in one of the "Visitor" spots facing the building and head down the little path - Suite 9 is an unmarked doorway on the left (there are some credit card emblems and writing that says "fingerprinting" on the outside, but no company name) The office itself is clean and nice, and the two employees I interacted with were both quite friendly and helpful. The price for fingerprinting was $10, they accepted my credit card and needed to see my drivers license to confirm my identity for the fingerprints. Altogether the process took about 10 minutes once inside. It was exactly what I needed and outside of having a little trouble finding it, the fingerprinting was hassle-free.
5	Quick and convenient. The gentleman who did my fingerprinting was kind and helpful. Just $10 as opposed to other places charging $30. I had no problem finding the place, as there is a giant address showing 7807 out front. There is a green awning with Dynatek Media on it, and Global Investigations is right around back. There is a huge number 9 indicating suite 9, and the name is on the door.
