4	The exterior of the building doesn't draw you in. It's plain and drabby. I don't think there is even a display window. They sit some pieces out curbside on the street facing 7th Ave and Mariposa St. This is what caught my eye and let me know they were open. They have nice stuff here. Some unique furnishings, art pieces and collectibles. I would have loved to have bought a few items this first visit but I have nowhere to put them! Nor do I have enough cash or a credit line for these high priced pieces. I like that you can move freely about the place without fear of knocking anything over or ending up in a maze that dead-ends like I have come across in other antique malls. I also liked the friendliness of the vendors that were present and their helpfulness. I liked that things had information tags on them ( if they are accurate I don't know). They have everything from antique jewelry to patio furniture and all things in between.
5	I stumbled across this place today and was glad I did. Unlike other antique malls, this one was spacious and had AMAZING items to be found. It's not one of the most glamorous buildings in the area, but it's definitely worth a look. Prices vary and they truly have some unique and EXTREMELY vintage items in there (picked up a typewriter that's 90 years old!)
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! A lot of items are very sophisticated and expensive, but they are quality and worth the money, just out of my price range. We were able to find some little treasures though, and it seems like inventory changes frequently. Staff is amazingly helpful! Great place!
4	What a fun shop! I love me a good antique store and  was reasonably impressed with the collection of vintage/furniture/salvage/and antiques offered. Pricing was varied based on dealer booth (as is typical with nearly any antique store you visit) The staff was very friendly and eager to help as needed. Inside, the store is well layed out, large enough to explore, but cozy enough so you don't get eye fatigue. Any antique fan looking for some treasure would enjoy a stop in.
5	Love this place!  Lots to look at and well displayed.  Prices vary; some dealers are better than others, but real treasures are made affordable through sales, so make sure you join the mailing list.  Great selection of jewelry especially.  Owners are very friendly...kid-friendly, too.  Nice central location...worth your time.
2	Lots of stuff to look at. The staff is unfriendly and unwelcoming. They acted like they didn't want my business, so they won't get it. Plenty of antique stores with friendly staff in the Valley. Thanks anyway.
