4	Absolutely delicious, homemade soul food!  My husband & I have been to Carmi a handful of times, now, & I am yet to leave unimpressed or any less than totally stuffed!  Not a huge menu selection but perhaps a small menu is what keeps every meal tasting fabulous.  Thus far I've had shrimp & grits (spicy & delicious), fried tilapia (HUGE filet) & sides of greens (w smoked ham) & baked mac & cheese (*drool*).  My husband swears by the fried chicken.  Wait staff is very friendly & prices are reasonable.  Only downside is dated decor.  Maybe in time the owners will be able to afford some updating.  Welcome to the neighborhood, Carmi!  Keep it up!
4	I too had a wonderful experience with this restaurant! The food was awesome and the price was even better! I was shocked at how much food you got for the price (not saying to change though). I ordered the fried chicken and my hubby got the ribs. Neither of us were disappointed (though I am going to try the ribs next time). I would definetly recommend this restaurant for the relaxed atmosphere, good food, great price and service! Way to go Carmi's!
5	Finally! Real soul food has come to Pittsburgh! Carmi is a welcome addition to the poor and much in need of help selection of soul food restaurants in Pittsburgh. They are located next to the Shamrock Inn on Western Avenue. They offer breakfast, lunch and dinner. Breakfast items include pancakes, Belgian waffles, french toast, eggs, cheese grits, bacon, sweet and hot sausage, turkey sausage, home fries and Italian, wheat or rye toast. Lunch and dinner entrees are the same. Lunch is served from 11am to 3pm and dinner in served from 3pm to close. Entrees include fried chicken, fried fish, grilled or blackened Salmon, spare ribs, 9oz New York Strip, BBQ grilled chicken breast, meatloaf and blackened Tilapia. Lunch entrees come with two sides. Dinner entrees come with two sides, soup of salad and cornbread. Sides include baked macaroni and cheese, candied yams, mashed potatoes, southern mixed greens, seasonal grilled veggies, side salad, potato salad, red beans & rice, soup, fries and sweet potato fries. Soups include southern fish stew, chicken & dumpling and the soup of the day. Salads offered are garden, grilled chicken, steak, blackened chicken and grilled or blackened Salmon. They also offer sandwiches including burgers, clubs, grilled reubens, blackened Cajun chicken, shrimp po' boys and fried fish. They even have chicken & waffles and shrimp & grits! We went on Sunday after church. As we walked to the door to enter the restaurant we were greeted by a very nice girl who must of been leaving at the end of her shift as she was wearing a black Carmi t shirt. We seated ourselves and were quickly greeted and our drink order was immediately taken. F.Y.I. The sweet tea is delicious! My wife and I both ordered the Southern Fried Chicken meal which consisted of a thigh and a drumstick. For our sides we both choose the southern mixed greens (greens, cabbage and ham hock) I choose the baked mac & cheese and she got the potato salad. The chicken was seasoned to perfection! The skin was crispy and crunchy, The chicken was tender and juicy! It reminds me of the chicken at Busy Bee Cafe in Atlanta. The southern mixed greens were a little spicy but still very good. The mac & cheese was amazing as well. I prefer stove cooked mac & cheese but, let me tell you, this was just as good! My wife and I really liked the potato salad as it was almost as good as her's. You get a lot of food for the money and the portion sizes are just right. Our daughter got the burger and fries. Big surprise! If you follow my reviews you know that she always gets that! I must say that they serve some of the best fries I have ever tasted. They are fresh cut and really, really good. She loved her burger also. Carmi seems to be a family business as their children, grand children? are the wait staff. I must say that it is very refreshing to see such polite, well mannered teenagers today. Service was very good and my glass never got more than half empty. My only complaints are that there is no kids menu. They don't deliver and the decor is dated as others have said but, who cares?! The food is outstanding and we well be back often!
5	Love this place in the Northside!, the shrimp and grits are creamy, spicy and delicious, the service is friendly.
3	We went again yesterday after church. This time the service wasn't nearly as good as the first time. We walked in and grabbed booth. A few minutes later a waitress came and gave us menus and took our drink orders. They now have a kids menu. Maybe they just started offering it as we were not given one the last time? A few minutes later our drinks came and then nothing. No service for over half in hour. Once the two waitresses working realized that they had both forgot about us thinking the other had taken our order they both came over very apologetic and our original waitress took our order. This time I tried the spare rib dinner. It consisted of two nice size pork ribs. For sides I had the mac & cheese and potato salad. For my soup I tried the southern fish stew. The stew was okay. The ribs were very tender but, I didn't care for the sauce. It was vinegar based. I prefer mustard based sauces. I should have stuck to the chicken! The mac & cheese was even better the second time and the potato salad was very good as well. My wife Tamika got the fried chicken again, mac & cheese and greens as her sides. She choose the chicken and dumpling soap and it was very, very good! She had to remind our waitress multiple times that she had forgotten to bring her, her cornbread. It also took a while to get our sweet tea refilled. Our daughter tried the chicken tenders and fries and loved them! It was nice to see her eat something else besides burgers! The owner Mike walked around asking how everyones food was but, he never made it to our table as I would have told him about our waitresses mishap. She did take the drinks off of our bill though. I think if they had more then two people waiting tables this would have never happened.I do believe this was a isolated incident and will definitely give Carmi another try.
3	Shrimp and cheddar grits - grits, cheddar, tobasco, and cooked onion topped with shrimp, grated cheddar and green onions.  Very good.  The only thing that unnerved me - just a little - was the waitress asking if I wanted toast; it was breakfast, of course I wanted toast.  It wasn't until I got my bill that I noted the toast was extra.  Granted, it was only a $1, but if bread is gonna be extra - which is not typical - the waitress should usually mention that fact.
4	I have been on a soul food kick lately, and it is being taken care of with a vengeance.Since my friends all bailed, I got takeout from Carmi's. For 10.99  you can get fried chicken, 2 sides, cornbread and a soup! That is a DEAL! The chicken was perfectly fried and moist inside. Real Deal Holyfield right there. My sides were the yams (delicious!) and collard greens. The collard greens were very tasty, and rapidly becoming a favorite of mine. I will say they were slightly on the salty side however.Cornbread was also moist and tasty. I ordered the  fish stew to get the full experience out of this, and I have never had something like that before. It had a full flavor, somewhat similar to a gumbo, though like the  greens, a little on the salty side. Still, for the price, you cant beat it.
4	I'm not sure how long this place has been open, but I did not know about it until I saw a Groupon.  So I took my usual breakfast club for a visit after an overnight of working.  I wasn't sure what to expect when we walked in, and I'm guessing they do mostly dinner business.  (One of my friends commented that it looked like they got their artwork at Family Dollar.)  But the fact that they are open at 7am and offer chicken and waffles is enough for me to give it a try.Our waitress was very nice, an older woman who we had fun with - and she had that jovial grandma laugh, too, which makes the place feel more cozy.  My friends all ordered the King's Breakfast that pretty much included everything on the breakfast menu (waffle or pancakes, two meats, eggs, potatoes and grits).  I kept it simple with the Chicken and Waffles and a side of bacon.  Oh, and a sweet tea.  The sweet tea was refreshing, with just a hint of lemon.  The bacon was thick and crispy, the way it should be (the menu said 2 strips of bacon were a side, but I got three!).  The waffle was good, nothing over the top, but the chicken, oh the chicken....it was glorious.  I got to select the piece I wanted and I opted for the breast.  It was moist on the inside, crispy on the outside.  And whatever the seasoning is, they got it right.  I couldn't rave about it enough to our waitress.  I asked for hot sauce, and then really didn't feel I needed it.  My friends seemed equally pleased with their meals as well.I will definitely recommend this place.  The prices weren't too outrageous.  My Chicken and Waffles was $6.99, the side of bacon was $1.99.  The King's Breakfast was $9.99.  The main reason I deducted one star is the wait.  It seemed like our food took a very long time when we were the only ones there.  It could be because we ordered so much food or that we got there shortly after they opened at 7am and the kitchen wasn't quite prepared.  Whatever the reason, I won't hold it against Carmi and I will certainly be back for more of that amazing chicken.
5	I bought the groupon.  The chicken, waffles, cornbread made it worth it.The mac and cheese will make me come back.  omg, that mac and cheese.
5	All is forgiven.We have gone back several times since the waitress mishap and everything has been fine every time since.
4	Delicious food at very reasonable prices.  I particularly loved the greens, they were excellent.  The sweet potato fries were unbelievably great.  The waitress and owner were both very friendly.  I got the ribs, which were very tender.  The portions are big.
4	I had originally heard of Carmi's though a Groupon that I purchased several months ago.  Because it's slightly out of the way of my usual stomping grounds and quite frankly, some parts of the North Side can be rather scary, I had put off going there.  Yesterday as my PIC (Partner In Cuisine) and I found ourselves heading in the direction of the North Side, we decided to finally use the Groupon.  As it turns out, Carmis is on a lovely little street on the far end of a nice park in the heart of urban revitalization.  Not nearly as scary as the news makes the area out to be!My first impression of the place was that the decor was rather dated and the restaurant itself was completely empty so I was bit nervous about eating there, but I was determined to use that Groupon.  We were greeted and seated at one of the many booths by a very friendly young lady named Margaret, who also happened to be our server.  Both my PIC and I ordered the ribs meal after much deliberation over their extensive menu.  With the meals, we each got a soup or salad, two sides and a VERY generous portion of homemade corn bread.  For my starter, I got the chicken and dumplings soup and my PIC got the salad.  The soup was rich and delicious, but the salad left something to be desired (and only two dressing options).  Our main courses consisted of fries, greens, and candied yams along with three spare ribs.  The greens and yams were both homemade and excellent, but the fries were just typical frozen variety (not bad, not great).  I was a bit worried when the ribs came because there were only three and ribs aren't that meaty, but my worries were proven unfounded as I was unable to finish my last rib.  The sauce on the ribs was sweet and tangy and the meat was cooked to perfections, but the ribs themselves were a bit gristly.  The cornbread was buttery, sweet, and overall full of awesomeness.  Margaret made the entire experience exceptional by providing good conversation and suggestions for what we should order.  As far as the restaurant being empty, by the end of our meal, about six tables ended up filling and more people were coming in as we left.  Ultimately, I'd give Carmis a 4 1/2 out of 5 if Yelp would allow that because while the prices were acceptable and the sides were superb, the salad and meat weren't the best I've had.  After we left, we walked around the area for a bit and as it turns out, Carmi's is extremely close to Heinz Field so if you find yourself in the area for a game, I'd suggest giving it a go...even without a Groupon.
5	I don't that I've ever experienced flavor like that before. I am already planning my next visit to Carmi's Family Restaurant.  I walked from my apartment to Carmi's in less than 10 minutes.  It was all that and a bag of chips. Finally a place in my own neighborhood that I can really sink my teeth into. I can't wait to sample the whole menu. I had the spicy grits and shrimp. I was knocked out by flavor.  The dish was layered with creamy grits on the bottom a outrageously flavorful spicy red seafood sauce and delicious shrimp and to top it off shredded sharp cheddar cheese and onions. Carmi's spicy shrimp and grits is by far the best thing I have eaten this year. I really liked the heat of the dish. I wasn't expecting the cheese because I didn't read it in the dishes ingredients off the menu but it was a much welcomed surprise.My boyfriend ordered the chicken and waffles. Upon my request. The waffles was fluffy and sweet as cake. The chicken didn't wow me.  The waffles was the star of the dish.We left happy and well feed. The soul food that is prepared at Carmi's is on par with the quality that I am use to experiencing when my grandma or mom cook soul food. I have fallen in love with Carmi's.
5	I have been back to eat at Carmi Family Resturant an additional two times since my intial review.  This place takes the cake.On our last trip , my boyfriend got the blackend tilapia with a side of greens and candied yams to which he proclaimed through mouthfuls we'll have to get Carmi to cater our wedding.  Again this place really shines! Good job Carmi I'm happy.
4	Yummy shrimp and grits and friendly service.  The mac and cheese is the real thing.  Wish I lived nearby so I could go back again soon.
3	Have to say we were honestly really disappointed. Considering all the other glowing reviews, we had really high hopes, but the service really ruined it for us unfortunately.Just two of us for dinner and there were only three other tables seated when we got there, yet from the point of taking our order to actually getting our meal was an hour and fifteen minutes. No exaggeration. The soup came out within a few minutes and then... nothing.   When the food finally came out, one of the sides was no longer available. Waitress asked what we wanted to replace it with, but couldn't tell us what the options were and ultimately we just said forget it.The table beside us and the table behind us both seemed to have almost identical experiences in terms of ridiculous wait times. The table behind us still hadn't received their food when we were leaving and were complaining to the waitress.Aside from that, the food we did get was tasty, but I ordered the ribs and have to admit I was really expecting more than just two. They were fall off the bone tender though.The cornbread, as others have said, was a huge portion and amazing.  The dumpling soup was great. The sweet potato pie was piping hot and crazy delicious... highly recommended.I'd be willing to try it again, because the food really was good, but maybe just not on a night when I'm drop dead starving.
5	Excellent food and a lot of it. Had the smothered pork chops, mashed potatoes, mac and cheese, cornbread and cabbage and bacon soup. All of it was excellent as was my wife's fried chicken.
2	I was looking forward to eating here ever since learning they opened in my neighborhood.  It was possibly the worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant.We arrived at 7:05 on a Saturday night, fully expecting there to be a wait. I don't mind waiting. This went beyond that.7:10 Server asked us if we were eating in. We said yes. The dining room was only about 60% full. A lady came from the back to inform us that there was a half hour wait for a table. We were a little confused, since there were sooo many tables open, but said of course we could wait. She looked REALLY put out that we chose to wait, even though it was 2 hours before closing. The server sat us in a booth, and asked us if we would like some water. We asked if we could have a coke? She brought them to us.7:35 Server took our order. One of our meals was supposed to come with a salad, which is usually served first.8:05 Server asked to take our order. We told her we had already given it. Still no salad.8:30 Lady who told us there was a wait asked to take our order. We told her we put it in an hour before and could we just get it to go? She actually grabbed a sign that was facing away from us and showed it to us; it said that it takes a half hour for food to be ready. Then she said, "and I told you it was a half hour wait to get a table." We were shocked. We had already been there nearly an hour and a half, and while definitely put out, we hadn't even complained. We wanted it to go so we could take it home because we had been there long enough and were tired. She said she would pack up our food to go, including salad and desert.8:45 Our food was brought out. We paid and left.I have to say it was a very degrading experience and we will never go there again. I understand that they may be understaffed, but how is it customer service to behave as we are being unreasonable because we have been waiting an hour and a half and want to take our food to go? The showing us the sign was a huge insult. I know how to tell time. I knew exactly how long we had been there. Good customer service is apologizing for the wait and giving a good excuse for it. The kitchen being a half hour backed up is no excuse for it being 1 hr 45 mins before our food arrived.We never got the salad. It wasn't in the to-go food. I cannot recommend this restaurant. I'm sure they are very nice when they have under 10 customers, but they do not have the capability to handle a half full dining room on a Saturday night.The food was ok. I'm sure it would have been delicious when fresh.
4	At the end of the Thanksgiving weekend most people probably want to take a step back from the table and reassess their diet for the next few weeks prior to Christmas.  Some may refer to them as intelligent, healthy, skinny, etc... I, however, like to call those people "amateurs."A trip to Carmi's is about one thing... the food.  This is not about the lack of decor, the dim lighting, or the inconspicuous entrance at the darker end of Western Avenue.  It's about finding a place to sit down on a brisk Saturday night and be comforted by a warm soul food blanket.Although the menu is somewhat limited, the items selected were done well.  I couldn't help but head straight into the deep end and get the chicken and waffles... besides, what's one more dead bird to the population?  The menu options are for a breast, 3 full size wings, or one leg and thigh.  The way I see it, one needs to consume all parts of the bird - most of them, anyways - in order to fully experience the quality of the overall product.  Naturally, I ordered the chicken breast with an additional thigh and leg.  As it did not come with a side, I felt obligated to order myself some mac and cheese.  It's just an unwritten rule in this type of establishment that you try it, no matter what.  The waitress was nice, helpful, and attentive... and also informed us that it would be up to a 20 minute wait for the fried chicken breasts.  I'm willing to wait for [potentially] great things, so this was of no issue.The fried chicken was a deep golden brown with a crisp skin, generously salted and lightly peppered, just as it should be.  Instead of a heavy floured crust, this was done with a thin batter... just enough to hold on to the meat and provide a great texture contrast while still maintaining the moisture inside.  The waffle was evenly browned with a slight crisp on the exterior, concealing the sweet malty pillow tucked inside.  The hot sauce, which was in the range of Red Devil or Crystal, rounded out the flavor of the chicken while complimenting the heavy drizzle of maple syrup flowing through the waffle's crevices.The macaroni and cheese is very straightforward and that's what makes it so great.  The technique of making mac and cheese could start a world war, but I don't discriminate.  Baked and dry, not baked and excessively creamy, processed cheese product, mornay base, aged or young shredded... I don't care.  Just give it to me - preferably in mass quantity.  A noticeable texture strata of brown and bubbly to soft and stringy cheese will only earn you more points.  This one in particular is more along the lines of the oven baked variety with a lightly browned top, noodles cooked beyond the point of tender, heaped into a bowl without regard for delicate presentation.  No secrets, no frills, just a great bowl of mac and cheese.  Hell, it didn't even need bacon. *gasp*While straddling the boundaries of yet another holiday food coma, our waitress was just in time to ask if we wanted dessert.  I didn't know what they had to offer, but I know exactly what I wanted if indeed it were an option, regardless if it could be fully consumed or not.  Sure enough, those words flowed from her mouth: "We have banana pudding."  YES. There would be no turning back.We sat and waited, unknowing of what was about to hit our table.  She approached with what appeared to be a bowl size comparable to that of a baptismal basin - not the one the old ladies dip their gnarled fingers in - the one that a small child could be dumped in to wash him of his "sins", or chicken greased fingers in this case.  A mountain of banana pudding, hints of vanilla, layered with whipped cream and crushed 'Nilla wafers, overflowing with freshly sliced ripe bananas.  I've had some banana pudding in my day... but this was near the top of the list.  Once again it was simplicity at its finest, with ingredients none too spectacular, but handled with enough care to create a dish that transports you straight into grandma's kitchen.A great first trip for someone who loves and appreciates soul food.  I can only hope everyone else has the same experience.
5	I want to cry, it was so good.I came here for the specific purpose of trying out chicken and waffles. To be honest, I don't "get" what the big deal is with this combination. Next time, I'll just get the chicken meal with a couple bowls of their greens and macaroni. See what I mean? Haven't digested my meal and I'm already planning out my next visit. I'm lucky I live far away from Carmi's, or the south in general, otherwise I'd weigh a million pounds. Pros: The food is the real deal. Excellent soul food at reasonable prices, made to order. And they're honest about their shortcomings, like telling us there will be about a 20 minute wait for the food to cook, or that there's a 0.25 fee for using cards, which is reasonable.Cons: Come on, guys. You're getting rave reviews, you're in a cute neighborhood. Put some new booths in there, put some paint on the walls, some new lighting fixtures. Also, the staff is friendly and well-meaning but awkward. That's just something that comes with training and time.
4	I love Carmi.Tonight was the third time I'd been there, but the first time for dinner. It was also the first time I didn't get the chicken & waffles and a side of cheesy grits (which, by the way, I LOVE. Like, want to marry it love).So anyway, I really wanted to eat fried chicken, but I had just eaten fried chicken at a less desirable place for lunch (boo), so I decided to give the ribs a try. So, when you get an entree, you get either soup or salad, plus two sides and a big slab of cornbread.  I got the chicken & dumpling soup which was very, very tasty. For the sides, I chose the sweet potato fries and the mac & cheese. Um, the mac and cheese was THE. BOMB. For real. So good. I will say that I did not much like the sweet potato fries, but I felt like maybe it was just an off night for them - there were some in the basket that were really good, but most of them seemed underdone.  The cornbread? DELISH. I love cornbread and usually get it anywhere that it's available and this did not disappoint.The ribs were also super good. Meaty and falling off the bone delicious. If you haven't been there. GO. Go for breakfast. Get the chicken and waffles. Eat cheesy grits. GO for lunch or dinner. Get the mac and cheese. Your life will be better for it. Seriously.
5	Dine at Carmi's it's literally across the street from Nicky's Thai on Western ave on the Northside.The food is so good here, so amazingly well prepared such attention to detail.  I would  love to see a Black owned business thrive and be around for generations in the Northside.I treated my mom out to lunch here today and we were literally the only two diners for lunch.  In the hour in a half that we were there no one else even came into the restaurant.   It just breaks my heart that more people aren't dining here.  Yes the restaurant is easy to miss because it's still decorated like the Shamrock Inn and the Shamrock Inn signage still exists on the building. Wow it just blows my mind that this place isn't more packed.  I have noticed that Carmi now has a people love us on Yelp sticker in their window and that makes me proud.  \\My mom had the fried talipia, fish stew, candied yams and greens I had the blacked talipia and double greens with chicken and dumpling soup.$35 for lunch the value for your money is the best in Pittsburgh hands down and we still had left overs to take home and banana pudding too.
4	Great stop before a concert or game!Wow -  to the Mac & Cheeese!Friendly good service!Tender ribs with a good sauce that was a combo of sweet with just a little spice.  Better than most of the rib joints in the area.
4	I stopped by here this past Sunday afternoon in order to eat a brunch with my girlfriend and her parents.  I have been by Carmi's many times before and honestly never even noticed it before I saw a fellow Yelper describe this and another place as her favorite restaurants.  Since the other place also happened to be my favorite restaurant we figured that we would give Carmi's a try.  The entrance to this place is pretty inconspicuous and I am not sure that I would have ever noticed it while walking on the sidewalk if not for the chalkboard stand outside.  Once inside I noticed nothing special about the place with a bunch of booths on each side of the restaurant and tables down the middle.  Whenever we got there at around 1 or so the place was fairly full and it only got more full the longer that we were there.After looking at the menu I was having a hard deciding between the shrimp and grits and other meals whenever my girlfriend made it easy by also being undecided.  We ultimately decided that we would split a shrimp and grits as well as BBQ Chicken Breast Dinner with sides of macaroni and cheese and the southern mixed greens.  My girlfriends father ordered the Southern Fried Chicken Meal with the breast as his choice and we were told that would take between 20-25 minutes.  Since we were not in a huge hurry that was not a big deal.  I was impressed that all of the entrees were served with 2 sides in addition to a soup or salad.  After a bit of a wait all of our meals arrived.  My shrimp and grits looked awesome except for the amount of grease that seemed to be with it.  As a matter of a fact most of the food was fairly greasy but it still tasted really good.  The shrimp and grits were excellent with the shrimp being cooked nicely and the cheesy grits tasting fantastically.  I also was impressed with the mac n cheese which had some excellent taste and a good amount of cheese.  Finally both the chicken breast and the greens were good as well. The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here in the future.  All of the food that we had was really good, now if I could only get it a little less greasy then I would be happy.
4	Excellent food ( we had chicken & waffles, cheddar grits w/shrimp, and mixed greens )Very casual atmosphereKinda dirty but who caresSLOW. We waited quite a while for our food and there were only 2 other parties in the restaurant.  Food was worth the wait.
5	It isn't often that I am compelled to write a review, but this place actually exceeded my expectations!!  The chicken and waffles were absolutely perfect as was my side of mac n' cheese.  They have a simple concept; really good food, done well, with good service, that isn't pretentious or over priced. I can't wait to go back!! :-)
3	Based on the reviews, I thought I would fall in love with Carmi's. Overall I thought it was okay. I did not enjoy the fish stew as it was way too salty. In general, I felt everything was overloaded with salt. As everyone says, the mac-n-cheese is great and filling. I could only eat half of it. The ribs were pretty tasty too. The girls who served us were also  really helpful.
5	If I was ever wrongly accused of a serious crime and had to pick my last meal it would be chicken & waffles, baked mac & cheese, and grits from Carmi. Hot sauce & syrup on everything. A+++
4	AWSOME place for breakfast. They said they were slow, but I didn't find them to be such.Very friendly staff. VERY eclectic tunes!
5	A friend and I stopped by for lunch recently. We were excited by the menu selections and choices available. And the food was fantastic. I ordered the Shrimp and Grits. This dish was served with nicely seasoned and slightly spicy shrimp atop a bed of wonderfully creamy cheese grits. Made my mouth dance with flavors. There also was a large piece of not-too-sweet cornbread to accompany this dish. My friend, being a vegetarian. had the macaroni and cheese and also the fried corn. She loved both. I recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for all the flavor without all the over done hoopla. Way thumbs up to the chef!
5	I try to eat here whenever I'm on the north side and have never been disappointed. Had some amazing blackened tilapia, collards, and yams the other day. The staff are super courteous and friendly as well.
3	I love home cooking.  Southern food is my weak spot.  We travel South all the time and have had a good amount of meat and three in our travels.  I ordered the fried chicken dinner with 2 sides.  I didn't think it was going to be enough food and it wasn't.  You could choose from a single breast, 3 wings or a leg and thigh.  None are quite enough.  I opted for the leg and thigh.  Mine were small to boot.  It was average, not great fried chicken but good.   I loved the greens, they were absolutely spot on great.  I didn't like the choice of sides and ended up with candied yams.  These had too much white sugar in them for me and they were broken all the way down.   It was sugar yam mush and I saved myself and didn't have more than a couple bites.  The staff is warm and friendly.  You are most welcome there and they are very concerned that you love your food and your experience.  They brought us out a free sample of their chicken and dumpling soup.  It was delicious.  Tasted and looked like liquid chicken pot pie in a cup with pieces of dumpling floating in it.  We had a nice time but ended up going to the strip for some tacos after as I was hungry.
5	The food here was unreal. I started with a bowl of fish soup, which was spicy and delicious. Afterwards, I got my heaping plate of a fried chicken breast, greens, Mac and cheese, and cornbread. It was all amazing. The chicken was really moist, the mac and cheese was creamy and delicious, and the greens were perfect (there were so many that I couldn't finish them). The piece of cornbread was huge and had a nice big pat of butter on the top.The service was good, and I didn't mind the wait since I had a cup of soup to eat while I waited. I'll definitely be coming back -- and bringing friends.
5	The food is AMAZING!  I love the fact that Carmi makes homemade meals!  We've also ordered family size trays for Thanksgiving and it was absolutely delicious!  Saved me a ton of work!  I recommend anyone who hasn't made it over to Carmi Family Restaurant and wants some good home cooking to make it your business to get there :)
4	Had fried tilapia, greens, yams and cornbread. I also tried my cousins cornbread stuffing. Everything was delicious. I wanted catfish but they only serve it on Friday and Sunday. I'm going back to try their catfish. I don't like the .25 cent charge for using your debit card but otherwise I like Carmi's. I usually get their chicken and waffles which I absolutely love.
5	Breakfast was wonderful!!  I love trying new places...but will defiantly return. Friendly staff and good service.
5	This is the best place for chicken and waffles in the city! Plus, the family that owns and runs the place seems awesome.I constantly tell my friends about this place, because I want them to stay in business. Now, you should go there too since I want to keep my chicken and waffle addiction going for the foreseeable future. Thanks!
4	A very nice local restaurant with a homey atmosphere,  and very flavorful food. However, the service was so slow  I docked them a star.
5	Wow!!!! We had the chicken and waffles and the shrimp and grits. The chicken and waffles are the best the I have had in the city. The fried chicken was very good, crispy, and was very moist. The shrimp and grits were very well seasoned and served the a great tasting slice of cornbread.  The wait staff was exceptional and was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu items.
5	I came here after visiting the Mattress Factory.  Given that I'm a huge fan of Southern/soul food, this place was high on my to-try list.  It certainly did not disappoint--nay, it exceeded my expectations!I ordered the fried chicken, and it was truly wonderful--the best I've tasted in PGH to date!  The combination of crispiness on the outside and moistness on the inside, and the delicious flavor, was incredible.  For sides, I ordered the mashed potatoes and, of course, the macaroni and cheese.  This place has the best mac and cheese I've tasted in the city so far (rating: 9.5/10); it's just bursting with cheesiness, and it has a wonderfully creamy texture.  I took half home and it was just as good the next day.  The cornbread that came with the meal was moist and dense--just the way I like it.  In addition to all this, the meal came with a chicken and dumpling soup that was just as delicious as the rest of it.  Our servers were also nice and attentive, though the atmosphere could use some improvement (lighten up the place!)I look forward to returning to try the chicken and waffles, since this is one of my favorite dishes.  Given the quality of the food, I'll be back soon--once I'm off my diet!
2	This was my fourth visit to Carmi's and I have to say after the horrible service, wait for our food, and attitude from our waitress I will never go back. Like others have posted on UrbanSpoon, Google reviews, and Facebook, the silverware, cups, and dishes are filthy. When we arrived there were two 2-seat booths filled and one table of two. We placed our order for the fried chicken and the other tables vacated but another 2-person booth was filled behind us and then a larger booth with 4 people both of which ordered them same meals as us. In fact, the 2-person booth behind us order EXACTLY the same as us and we laughed but that laughter stopped when their food came out immediately and they were out the door before our meals even arrived. Our waitress was downright rude to us as well. When our order finally came, only my cousin's chicken dinner arrived and the waitress who brought out our meals (not our original) looked at me like I had two heads when I asked where mine was. So then we had to wait for my meal to come out. We also order ONE dish to go and they gave us TWO of those without the accompanying side dish (we decided it wasn't worth fighting over it to get it taken off and knew that we would just each take our own home instead), anyhow, when I asked about the accompanying side to go with it, our original waitress shot me a dirty look, rolled her eyes and acted like I was inconveniencing HER! Never again. As I saw one reviewer state on a FB review - your customers ARE what will keep you in business but you won't have any if you treat them like they are not welcome
5	Tried breakfast here several times...always good. Bought a Groupon for dinner. My wife & I ordered exactly the same: salad, fried-chicken breast, smashed potatoes, fried corn, and corn-bread. Though the salad-bowls were small, they were stuffed with plenty. The breading on the chicken was delicious, as was the peppery potatoes. Thesurprise was the fried corn...whole-kernel with red&green peppers and onions, all fried in a skillet with butter. Amazing! The large-square of corn-bread was like cake...tasty & not over-powering. We very seldom order dessert - but that day, they had homemade banana-pudding...we ordered one to share, and good thing we did, it was huge! Vanilla wafers on bottom, rich pudding with cut-up bananas in the middle, whip-cream and crumbled vanilla wafers on-top...Wonderful end to a Delicious meal! The older owner/hostess/waitress in the mornings is so sweet each time we're there, but I had to ask our younger evening waitresses if they were her daughters, because they were just as sweet & attentive. OK - been here for 4-breakfasts, now 1-dinner...all Great!
5	CAN I LIVE HERE?Everything is good. I mean everything. Chicken, pork chops, meatloaf, mac and cheese, sweet potatoes, greens, smashed potatoes, fried corn, cabbage, cornbread all completely authentic down home cooking. Try the chicken or pork chops cooked in any preparation fried, smothered, blackened or bbq and you will not be sorry. My favorite is the smothered chicken or chops, that gravy is so good. The atmosphere is clean and a little outdated but endearing with old school r&b and gospel playing. Great, friendly and fast service. You must try the fish stew. It is beautiful and spicy. Really good grits too. It is BYOB 3.00 corking. It's also a great place to bring kids and my 14 year olds favorite place. Go for breakfast and it a great place for Sunday brunch. If you keep an eye out you can find it on groupon and amazon local. If you have family coming in from the south this is a great representation of Pittsburgh soul food.
5	Best chicken and waffles I have ever had. The waffle melts in your mouth and the chicken is fried to perfection. Even the soups are tasty. The service makes me feel like I belong and I'm part of the family. So good and cheap pricing. Will be returning soon.
5	As my eyes rolled in the back of my head, I sucked the bones from the pork chops like a gumless baby, and cried a little when they were gone, then wanted to curl up and go to sleep on my back because by then my stomach was poking out. And all this after the make-you-wanna-slap-yo-momma chicken & dumplings soup... Need I say more?
5	I should've reviewed this place! What the hell was I thinking!? The good here is the bomb and is definitely worth checking out!
2	I was highly disappointed in this restaurant.Based on the positive reviews here on Yelp, my wife and I stopped here last Friday for a late lunch (1:20 p.m.).We both had chicken:  me the chicken (breast) and waffles, she the chicken (breast) with 2 sides.We were seated immediately, and the server was very pleasant.After ordering, we waited 35 minutes for our meals (a bit too long, in my opinion, but hey, I'm thinking I'm waiting on SW Pa's best chicken, according to Yelpers, so it'll be worth it).Finally our food arrived.My wife's salad and side (fried corn) were good.  The waffle was good.  I was expecting some type of homemade sauce/gravy with the waffle.  Nope.  The chicken and waffles, as served, consisted of a chicken breast and a Belgian waffle with a sparse sprinkling of powdered sugar.  The pancake syrup is on the table.Speaking of the fried chicken, the 2 fried chicken breasts we were served ranked very high amongst the WORST we have ever had.  Not very much meat on them, and on the dry side.  One would think after waiting 35 minutes, the restaurant would have the decency to serve us a freshly breaded, freshly fried piece of chicken.  I got the impression we were both served chicken left over from the earlier lunch crowd.  A takeout chicken breast from Giant Eagle would put these 2 poor excuses for fried chicken to shame.Next time I want chicken & waffles, I'll stop at the Iggle for a piece of takeout, and eat it at home with a homemade Belgian waffle.
5	Can't say enough good things about Carmi Family Restaurant.  I had fried chicken w/ mac n cheese & fried corn - everything was delicious!  Hubby gave 2 thumbs up to the cornbread & meatloaf.  We both started with chicken n dumpling soup which was creamy & delicious.  First time I did not have to season anything myself.  Used a groupon - but you don't need one.  Definitely coming back!  Parking after 6 is free on the streets too.
5	Went on a Sunday at lunch  Service - didn't have to wait to sit or to get served. Service could not have been friendlier. Restaurant was very clean. - 5 starsFood - started w the chicken and dumpling soup. Loved it. Had the fried tilapia, Mac and cheese, greens, and corn bread. Loved the breaking on the fish. Mac and cheese was very good as was the corn bread. Not to wild about the greens but they weren't over cooked. Just didn't like the flavor. But give it a try if you like greens. 4+ starsOverall - very good. I would give it 4.5 stars but I can't do that on yelp. Good comfort food and I'm still full 8 hours later.
5	Delicious food and friendly service. Can't wait to go again. I had the chicken and waffles and split sides of greens, candied yams, cornbread stuffing and mac and cheese. Everything appeared homemade and the portions were generous.
5	Went here randomly after going kayaking on the water. It was the best soul food I have had in a while. This will be my new location when I am looking for my soul food fix!
5	I literally cried as the chicken and waffles were set in front of me. A more beautiful, comforting, wonderful smelling dish could not be found. The meatloaf is superb, shrimp and grits authentic, fish stew..awesome. What pushed this place to five stars in my opinion? Watching  my 10 y/o son eat their macaroni and cheese. In his entire life he's only eaten 1 spoonful until trying Carmi's. Family owned and operated to the core.
4	We went here with a mission... To try the chicken and waffles. So naturally, we didn't really need to check out the menu. However, I noticed it was a dinner menu around 11am. I thought that was odd for it being a Sunday, but I was okay with it because chicken and waffles was still available. I also ordered mac and cheese due to another Yelpers review. The wait for our food was longer than we are used to, but there was a sign that says food is cooked when ordered so it may take longer. The wait was completely worth it!!!I can't even express how much I love the chicken and waffles. It's an unhealthy obsession. The breading on the chicken was light, crispy, and extremely flavorful. The actual chicken was so moist. The waffle.. Omg. Thick, crispy, and sweet. Un-believable! It was the best thing I've ever eaten!The mac and cheese? Delicious! Super cheesy and homemade - just like it should be! The prices were incredible for the amount of food you get! The ambiance was diner-ish and dim, but the staff was friendly and on-point. We will definitely be back. And soon!
5	Delicious!Hubby and I started with the chicken n dumplin soup - lovely: creamy and rich.  I had the fried chicken - superb!  With fried corn and mac and cheese.  Hubby had meatloaf with mashed potatoes and mac and cheese.  He said next time he's getting 2 mac and cheese sides!  It was that good.  Chicken was fried perfectly and not greasy.  Fried corn was awesome - and the mac and cheese is to die for!  Highly recommend!
4	Carmi is everything described as wonderful ! Had the scrumptious fried chicken with greens and potato salad. Cooked perfectly wonderfully tender and not greasy. Keisha our server told us it would be 22 minutes to cook the breast our expectations were managed and we let the feast begin! Delicious!!
2	Listen I don't know what the hype is about. My lunch wasn't awful nor was it amazing. I had chicken and waffles, greens, and Mac n cheese. Waffle-awesomeChicken-done well, but 2 tiny pieces 1 leg 1 thighMac n Cheese-overrated had very little flavor, but very cheesyGreens- Pretty good, my opinion on greens may not be the best. Service and timing- meh. I sat down at 11:25 on Wednesday for lunch and I got my food at 11:57. And I ordered by 11:30. 27 minutes for food, when there was only one other table. The old lady who was my server, took my order, dropped the food, then the check. Never asked to refill my beverage, and let me know the food was running late. Thank goodness I wasn't on a lunch break this day otherwise I would of never made it.
5	Love this place, always good every time I go. If your food was amazing the first time it will be amazing the second time! And about customer service let me just say we are regulars and they remember our order and where we like to sit every time
3	The food was good but a bit overpriced.  We ordered a wing meal and a chicken (breast) and waffle.  The wings in the meal were very small and the chicken breast was mostly bone.  Just as another Yelper said, the pieces are tiny.  The sides (mac n cheese and candied yams) were EXCELLENT!  The side salad was fine. I wouldn't rush to go back unless I had a craving for soul food and didn't feel like making it myself.  They should really consider adding more chicken to their offerings to make it worth the $12 they charge for each meal.  Another recommendation would be for to-go waffle orders, the butter should be put in a separate container so as to not make it soggy when you finally eat it. I wish Pittsburgh had more soul food options because the one's I've visited are kinda sub-par for the prices they ask.
4	My girlfriend and I come in here every chance we get. The food is delicious, my service is always nice and the cornbread is heaven.
