5	I'm a musician, and Trisha does an amazing job at helping me recover from instrument-related tension. By now, every time I see a demanding few weeks in my gig schedule, I try to schedule an appointment at the end of it to get my body back to normal. Trisha's super-competent, and to top it off, super-easy to get along with too.
5	I've gone to Trisha for several years now, and I am always pleased, not to mention feel better, when I leave a session with her. She always knows what muscle to target and how much pressure to apply- her intuition matches both her skill and experience. By taking care of me, she makes taking care of myself worth it! Thanks Trisha!
5	sometimes i like to just get a massage. i don't need my knots worked or my muscles tweaked. i just want an hour of no talking, quiet music, and relaxation. had my first appt with movement restoration yesterday and left feeling like i was floating on cloud 9. usually, i'm 'relaxed' after a massaged, but my endorphins are pumping because the therapist has dug her elbow into one of my many tight muscles, leaving me sore (in a good way), but i can still go home afterwards and finish building the deck/doghouse/pool or any number of physical activities. i left today feeling like jello. i came home and my gal takes one look at me and says "Good massage huh?" plopped my ass on the couch and watched tv until bedtime. great experience and already made another appointment. i'm sure she'll knead and poke and prod if you want, but sometimes...it's nice just to relax.
5	I had my first massage with Trisha today thanks to a Groupon and will definitely be coming back. I'll usually go to a Massage Envy when I'll be in some pain or just in need of relaxation but Trisha did a great job after my last visit at ME was extremely disappointing. I don't know if the reviewer M.M was getting his/her massage at the same time as me but I was in a very talkative mood...which trust me I usually dislike, but Trisha and I had some things in common and I was still fully able to relax and feel amazingly better after my hour was up. Perfect pressure, nice relaxed atmosphere and though I'd take Trisha again in a heart beat I'd be willing to try one of the other therapists as well.
5	Seriously - if you looking for a massage that will fix what ails you, Trisha is your gal.  This is not your run-of-a-mill fluff & puff massage factory.  Since finding Trisha 3 months ago, I am officially hooked.  Aging baby boomers like me NEED a little help to stay active and this is the place! Call me jello - but I have never had a beter massage.
5	Me and my husband had a massage with LILLY, very glad we chose movement restoration :) She fixed the pains I had in my lower back and took away my headache.Loved it so much we went  back to get a 6 hour session which perfect ending to our vacation.Its in a really quiet area as well so its very peaceful when getting the massageHighly recommend this place!
5	i saw trisha after purchasing a groupon deal for a massage.she is really a talented masseuse and my hour long massage was the perfect combination of relaxing and well, digging the knots out of my upper back.she is very kind and accomodating and her office is very clean.i'm a frequent visitor to scottsdale, az, and her massages will be a regular for me when i'm in town.definitely recommend trisha at movement restoration -- go check it out!
5	I had purchased a Groupon forever ago and finally decided to use it. I chose to upgrade to a 90-minute massage with Trisha, she was fabulous. There is always that awkward "get to know you" thing that happens with a new client and a massage therapist, like the talking vs quiet or how much pressure to use. Trisha was the perfect mix of all of it! I left feeling relaxed and was able to leave a few less knots in my shoulders. I will definitely be back and can't recommend her enough. I have been in Phoenix for 5 years now and she is the best I have found in the area. You won't be disappointed in your experience!
5	Just had a massage here today with Lily and wow, I was definitely in for a surprise! I've had only about five massages, but this one was hands down the best one I've ever had! Lily helped get rid of tension I didn't even know I had. I've had other massages but none like this! I felt like jelly -- I was more relaxed than I had ever felt before after a massage! The only two minor details that I noticed were that most massages I've had have had the heated blankets on the massage tables to keep you warm -- this place didn't. Also, minor but I always notice noise when I'm trying to relax, there was an analog clock that had a ticking second hand that I kept hearing throughout the massage. They should change it to a digital clock instead. :) Other than that though, I can't say how much this was the best massage ever! I will definitely be back! Thanks Lily!
1	I'm so disappointed. Based on the reviews from other Yelpers, I called MR on monday and left a message. I'm dealing with some bad back pain right now. When a business asks you to leave a message, I expect that the business will at least  bother to get back to you. It's kinda Customer Service 101.  So, tomorrow is my last possible day to get a massage and never heard back after two phone calls. Maybe this is why Yelp is offering a special deal for MR? Unfortunately, not returning phone calls is not the best way to attract clients.....
5	Trisha is an excellent masseuse, really therapist. I'm a landscaper with a screaming, painful back. She knew exactly what needed to be done. My back is now 90% at peace and relaxed after 1 session. She is absolutely worth my drive and the cost. What's the point of going to a masseuse that doesn't do anything?
5	Wow.  I have had many massages from many therapists.  Lily was BY FAR the best.  I thought I had great massages before, but those good ones just went from a 5-star to a 3-star.
5	Just went to Movement Restoration again yesterday- Trisha is amazing!  The massage was relaxing, but also relieved the stress and kinks in my lower back.I would reccomend Movement Restoration to anyone!  Great massages and very zen like atmosphere.
5	I had a massage scheduled (finally) from a Groupon.  It was so worth the wait.  All of the knots were worked out of my back.  Hands down, this was the most beneficial massage I have had.  I scheduled another one for the near future.
5	Trisha is *awesome*
5	I originally went to Movement Restoration for the first time with a Groupon deal. I had the reflexology with Trisha last year (2012) and it was wonderful!So much so that I went back again yesterday (2/21/13). This time I had reflexology with Justin. He was friendly, respectful, and I could tell he really love his job. His passion for what he does shows through and consequently, I had one of the best reflexology treatments I've ever experienced. This is saying a lot since I have been getting reflexology treatments for years!I was very impressed with his knowledge of the foot areas and the body connections associated with them.I highly recommend Movement Restoration. I can't wait to go back again soon!
5	My husband and I wanted to do something special for our anniversary and decided to get our first ever couples massage.  We were greeted when we came to Movement Restoration with a bottle of champagne and rose petals.  It was very romantic and such a special touch to help us celebrate.My husband and I both enjoyed our massages from Lily and Trisha and left feeling relaxed and very happy.I would highly recommend Movement Restoration.
5	Amazing! I have had more massages than I can count and I can't think of a time I've had a better massage than I did today from Justin Lunt. He makes you feel very comfortable and is very knowledgeable. I wanted a deep tissue massage and I actually got one! His pressure was deep and therapeutic. The location is tucked away and very clean and has a relaxing feel. I would highly recommend movement restoration with Justin.
5	I had one of the truly finest therapeutic massages ever by Trish at Movement Restoration. I've been getting massages for back pain for nearly 30 years and can count on one hand the number of therapists with the skill level of Trish. While I hesitate to praise her so highly in a public forum for fear of having difficulty getting appointments in the future, I would surely be remiss not to acknowledge her expertise and skill or to not encourage others suffering from physical pain to seek her out. She is a seriously gifted massage therapist with the overall goal of helping her clients achieve pain reduction and improved overall health and functioning.
5	A jewel. Truly. Trisha is an amazing massage therapist. I have been going to her for therapeutic massages for over a year now and I have been continuously impressed by the quality of my experience. Her understanding of the body and her evident skill at massage is coupled with a professional and yet friendly demeanor that puts you immediately at ease.
5	I have received several massages from Trisha over the years and have always been completely satisfied! There have been 2 locations that I am aware of and the new location is easy to access and very inviting! The perfect environment for relaxation. I am always greeted right away and then taken into my massage room where there is music playing and it smells delicious. Trisha always asks what is bothering me and makes sure to pay attention to those key areas throughout the massage. Unfortunately, the end of the massage always comes to soon! Whether you have received several massages and are comfortable with them, or are looking to get your first one this is the place to go! It is comfortable, relaxing, and cozy. Best little gem in the valley!
5	I have been here now 4 times and have had some of the best massages of my life.  I've seen both Trisha and Lily for deep tissue massage and they are both great. Their understanding of human movement, and the stress of life's daily occurrences on your body is some of the most thorough I've experienced.  I typically get massage to alleviate stress and tension in my neck, upper back and shoulders that comes with a desk/computer job.  Then I ended up being part of a car accident and having whiplash injuries that gave me a whole new set of issues and exacerbated my existing ones.  Luckily I had massages scheduled, so it became like one of my therapies.  Lily got me moving and really instigated healing in some very sore muscles. I didn't even know I was sore in a few spots until she started working on them... I have had dozens of massages and this was not only relaxing, but more therapeutic than I had experienced at some other spas.  It should be mentioned there are also some awesome pampering touches with your massage.... Eucalyptus scented covers on the face pillow = AmaZinG!  A nice rub on your feet and then a moist towel to wipe off any excess oil/lotion before you get up.  You also get a warm towel under your neck once you roll over onto your back. I can't say enough good things. They are friendly, welcoming, understanding, knowledgeable and have an all-around really good vibe about them. The location is very easy to get to and the hours are accommodating, including weekends and evenings.
3	Got to be the worst customer service ever. Bought Groupon a year ago in the only way to schedule was by email at that time. And weekends were impossible to get. Finally saw that their website has reservations available. I need a custom one built for the Groupon money we have. I tried calling three times and left voicemails and I still haven't heard a response in a week. Pretty sad service, hopefully the massages r good.
5	Movement Restoration is not a place to just "get a massage"  They are more about your overall health and flexibility.  Don't get me wrong I feel great when I leave, but the work (at least for me) is more therapeutic than massage work.  Ive been seeing them for over a year.  My fingers were tingling and I was seeing a chiropractor regularly with no relief.   I decided after my first visit to go regularly to see if we could fix tingly fingers.  Its been amazing. Not only is my hand  better, but my overall health has been awesome.  I have energy, flexibility,  sleep like a baby, reduced stress, and I feel great.  Ive never gone for this type of work regularly and I frequently say I had no idea how twisted up my body was until they started to untwist it.   In addition to the therapy work I ventured in to "cupping".   this is the process of using suction cups to bring blood flow to severely stressed muscles.  t seemed a little unorthodox, but really gave me significantly better range of motion.  Cupping isn't for everyone, but if you want to try it, Movement Restoration are pro's.  I've never been anything but completely ecstatic walking out after a treatment. I couldn't reccomend Trisha and her team any more highly!
5	I've been going to Movement Restoration for two years now, and absolutely love it. I started going to Trisha as a part of training for races... then I just got addicted and go because I feel that her massages are good for the soul. Through the work of Movement Restoration, I now understand what it means to say "massage THERAPY"!  I've seen Marjie in addition to Trisha, and she is also fantastic. Great people, great company.  You can't go wrong.
