4	I shop here often, they have great prices provided you have a safeway card. If you don't have one, you can always get one on the same day that you purchase groceries.
5	This is a great store. The staff is really friendly and helpful, the selection is good and the food quality is great.
4	Good Prices and fresh produce abound!
4	I like Safeway.  The prices are good and the stores are always clean and well laid out.  This one was no exception.  The checkout lines were appropriately staffed as well so I didn't have to wait once I was ready to go.  The clerk was friendly and made eye contact which is so rare anymore, of course I do always go to the self checkout when available so that could explain the lack of eye contact.....
5	I don't go here often - but I'm going to start going more! Came because they were having a sale on Copper River Salmon (It is in season right now) for only 9.99/lb. Everywhere else wanted $16-29/lb.I called around to a number of stores and this was the only place that seemed to have a meat department that not only immediately knew what it was, but also knew they had it, how much they had, and what it cost without going to look. (kudos to Jose in the dept for that). Jose also asked my name, and what time I'd be in - he said he would be off when I got there, but that he would let Justin know. He did. Justin knew right away that I had called and had some nice whole-side filets all laid out in the case. We bought 2. The rest of the store was clean and nicely laid out. Well lit. Staff was attentive and polite, without being "in your face" trying to help you find something. BIG BONUS - Beer section. Main aisle is separated into Domestics, Imports, and Crafts - all labeled under nice big signs and arranged well. At the end of that aisle, around the corner in a refrigerated end cap is LOCAL CRAFT BEERS. If you are looking to pick up some Grand Canyon, Mudshark, or Old World brews (plus all the other locals it seemed) - look no further.
3	I just came here for sodas and water. My last trip was disappointing due to the advertisement for certain products and prices not matching the ads. Its a nice store and easy access from 7th St or the lights on Bell but the parking can get hectic.
5	I love this store and the staff here. Well laid out and clean and very helpful, even taking my bags out to the car and loading them for me.  The hot food area is great when you want something quick, and there is even a starbucks here and a wells fargo bank so I can do more then just my food shopping. The cakes always look so inviting and I use my safeway card to save money every time. The wait is not long to check out and convenient parking is always available.
3	Safeway its time to get with the times and build some self- check outs. Standing in line is a pet peeve of mine. I tend to do late night grocery runs between 8pm - 10pm. I usually buy less than 10 items when I shop. Almost always they have just a single lane open and the wait time is ridiculous. I although Safeway is a little bit closer than Frys, I usually opt to make the annoying trek across the intersection to Frys since I don't have to wait in line. As far as the store goes, its nice and clean with good selection. The staff is friendly. The App is great. This would be my go-to store if I they fixed the wait times to check out.
4	The staff is very friendly and helpful. I love going to safe way !!For those of you complaining that you have to wait in line get over it ,
