4	Five Guys makes a good burger and serves up heaping orders of freshly made fries. So I was happy to see the new South Boulevard location open recently. The menu is pretty simple. If you're looking for a normal-sized burger, you'll want to get the "little" burger or cheeseburger. The regular one comes with two patties and, well, it's a lot of beef. The fries are just perfect. Perfect crispiness, perfect seasoning, so very greasy. Five Guys is good for takeout, though you'll have to wait a couple minutes for your food since it's made to order. You can also call ahead.
5	Awesome burger and great value.  The regular burger has two patties and and a small fry is enormous.  You aren't going home hungry or broke.  Five Guys is a carnivore's utopia.Their seasoned fries have a Cajun style kick.  I wouldn't call this a gourmet burger like The Counter since the menu is very basic.  But it holds its own in terms of quality of beef with Big Daddy's and it's faster than any grill in town.  Plus their soda fountain selection includes Mr Pibb Xtra.  Hoo ra!
4	low key, fresh taste, good fries.  like the peanuts while wating
3	I'd been to Five Guys before in DC, but I didn't know there was a store in Charlotte until recently. Naturally, as soon as I found out I brought my girlfriend to partake in its glory. This place is awesome. Most fast-food places don't really give you a fresh feeing. Five Guys does. Their patties are handmade and their fixins are, well, fresh. Speaking of fixins, they're all free--you just have to ask. Definitely try throwing mushrooms, onions and jalapenos on your burger. Nice combo. And the burgers are huge--a regular cheeseburger is two delicious patties. If you're going with a friend, plan on splitting a side of fries, 'cause it a ridiculously huge order. Try your fries with malt vinegar; it's amazing. One thing: it's fast food, but since they cook the burgers right there in front of you, it's not all that fast. Plan on waiting a few minutes, at least. You'll be glad you did.
4	I enjoy 5 Guys for one reason.  Consistent.  It is a simple concept.  They do not over promise or offer an amazingly complicated and confusing menu.Straight forward delivery.  What you see, literally, is what you get.  Good food at a fair price.
3	Five Guys is located on an increasingly busy South Blvd, but luckily it has ample parking in back (unlike many South Blvd. eateries). A casual diner style with burlap sacks of potatoes stacked in the dining area and framed newspaper reviews on the walls. You stroll up to the counter and place your order. Choice of condiments and fixings, regular fries or seasoned. I got a little cheeseburger (which was plenty big) and a basket of cajun fries to share. Burgers are cooked fresh and they boast that their meat is never frozen. Their ingredients are fresh, but their basic burger, unfortunately tasted pretty basic. As for their cajun fries, they were OK, but reminded me more of BBQ seasoning on potato chips. The Five Guys fan club is still quite the unexplained phenomena to me.  It's not a bad burger place, but it's not very noteworthy either.
4	I love me some cow on bread.  Five Guys avoids one of the more deadly traps that befalls most burger-oriented venues: it doesn't take the hamburger too seriously.  When I eat a burger, I don't want Kobe beef and aged cheddar cheese.  I don't want a southwestern aioli sauce and a pretzel bread bun.  I want  damn hamburger.  Five Guys burgers are straight up burgers.  Want cheese?  You got it.  Mayo?  Cool.  Jalapenos?  Crisp and fiery, (unlike the brine-soaked, nancy-pants sissy slices they call jalapenos at most other places.)  What grade beef is it?  Tasty.What sort of bread is it?  It's a hamburger bun.And damn it, it's greasy deliciousness.Add to all that, the fries are perfect.  Not to big; not to thin.  Greasy but crisp.  Fresh cut and fried.  Salty to no end.  Five Guys isn't fast food and it's not The Counter.  But it's a perfect blend of the two.  It's simply the most satisfying burger and fries I've had in Charlotte.
4	I usually hit up Five Guys when I am craving something disgusting yet utterly delicious. While I will always believe that my grandfather makes the best hamburgers and Cookout is a close second, Five Guys is pretty damn good. The first time I ever visited, I ordered a burger and a regular fry for myself which was a huge mistake. I received a burger as big as my head and a gigantic paper bag full of french fries. I didn't even make a dent in my burger and fries. Now that I am a more experienced diner, I stick to a little hamburger and split the regular fry with whoever I happen to be feasting with. The toppings are free which is awesome (except the bacon and cheese) and they also sell hot dogs. I definitely recommend Five Guys but I would definitely cool it on the large fry and the regular-sized burgers, remember: less is more.
4	I was craving a decent burger for quite some time and I thought while I was NC, what the heck. Burgers are made to order and appear to be hand made. The rolls are fresh and all the fixins you could want on a hamburger are there. The fries are hand cut are pretty decent if you can get them while they are hot...and there is a lot of em! If I'm ever in the area again, I'll be going back.
4	In times when only a burger will suffice, I have found that Five Guys is the way to go. The service is friendly and efficient.The regular burgers have two patties and the "mini" has only one. The fries are pleniful and more than enough to share. I like how they will load your burger with all the works! They also offer veggie or cheese sandwiches for the meatless crowd. You can dine without breaking the bank and it will fill you up!I especially appreciate the cleanliness. As I was eating, I noticed that if the employees were not making someone's order, they were cleaning.My only wish is that they offered milkshakes, but then again their name says it all.
5	Let's get the best thing about Five Guys out of the way, they serve fresh cut french fries so hot, you can't even touch them.  That alone is worth the trip.  I have my own french fry ritual there,  I like to toss my fries in the brown bag that they come in,add pepper and shake them up, then roll the bag down for easy access..   Five Guys burgers are basic build your own burger, freshly cooked, topped with your favorite toppings and wrapped in foil.  On their menu, they have bread & butter pickles and  fresh jalapeno (not pickled).  Anytime I eat an expensive hamburger, I always think I would rather spend half the money and go to Five Guys.  If they only served booze, I would never want to leave.  I will rate Five Guys four honey buns.  I was about to forget, I LOVE their hot dogs, raw onion, mustard and jalapenos.  Dare I say, it might be better than the burger?
4	I am from Southern California where we have a chain called "In N Out Burger" - they are the definitive of hamburger purity.. and I can honestly say, Five Guys is right up there with them. Simple menu.. like IN N OUt.. (http://coreytess.com/do-you-like-it-animal-style-relax-i-am-talking-west-coast-eats/) but everything on it is perfected.The staff is friendly, they always ask your name and yell it out when you tell them your order, which is cute..  the largest burger is insanely big, so be hungry if you order that.. and an order of fries is enough for three people! You can get them seasoned or regular. Hang out and eat some peanuts from the barrel while you wait.
4	A really good burger and you get to say exactly what you want on it. As a previous reviewer noted, it's not as good as In -N-Out Burger, but neither do you have to scrape off a huge slather of mayo from the bun or contend with Bible verses tucked into your french fry bag. Everything's a compromise.The small burger is plenty large and ordering a bag of fries with no one to help split them is suicidal. It's kinda spendy for a burger joint, but you get a lot of food.What prevents me from going more often is the very loud music (not just this location, it was the same in Middletown, CT.) I have to be in a mood to not be able to converse with my dining partner.
3	Not a bad burger, but you'd think with the Zagat rating and all of the gushing reviews posted on the wall from various magazines that the burgers would be better. The burger and fries are a good size, even for the mini version, and the fries are generous but McMenamin's happy hour cheeseburger and fresh cut fries kicks the crap out of Five Guys and is cheaper to boot.
4	I like Five Guys burgers.  GOOD!... I always like to get some of the peanuts to eat while waiting.
5	This place is awesome.
5	If you don't like Five Guys, you don't like hamburgers.This is by far my favorite burger joint of all time.   I order a "Little Cheeseburger" with raw onions, pickles, and ketchup, and then I eat it while crying tears of joy.
4	I love me some Five Guys but some people complain about the price. I think it's about right. The burgers are a huge step over fast-food burgers and they're cheaper than the same quality burgers at other restaurants (I'm looking at YOU, Big Bad Daddys!)The downsides are they don't have chili for their burgers or hot dogs and I actually wish they had a little more on their menu, maybe a chicken sammich (Ok BURGERS is in the name, I get it). There are times that the cajun fries don't really taste cajun enough. Never buy a large unless you're sharing. 2 people can share a regular.Your pal,Walter
4	Delicious burgers & fries. The grilled cheese is always a hit with my 2 1/2 year-old too! As a NOVA native, I'm so excited that there is a Five Guys close to us.
5	Greatest fast fresh burgers, great fries
5	Hi guys the best burgers and the best prices in town
5	The girl behind the counter was very welcoming and pleasant. She asked us how our weekend was going - a little thing that goes a long way for a quality experience. The restaurant was very clean, which was confirmed by their 99.0 sanitation rating on the wall. Great place & we will definitely come back!
5	I know it's "just Five Guys" but I LOVE this location! Really, the owner of this location should be very proud of his staff here. Every single member of the staff is not just nice but they always genuinely seem excited to be there talking to you.  The place is always super clean and with the view of the city while eating outside- you can not beat it! I say this after numerous visits (my office is right across the street at Picnic Table Productions so I am here at least 3x a month)
5	Excellent:  charming service, clean and attractive, and of course the burgers and fries.Could be better:  parking. We'll definitely go back. Thanks Fred!
5	The burgers and fries here are SOOOO good!!the people that work there are really nice. I wouldn't recommend it as a special date night dinner. It is more of a causal quick dinning for family's.
