5	Lee Weatherby at Accurate Automotive is without question, the best mechanic that I have ever had!  Even if I had to move to Alaska, I would still only take my car to Lee because not only is he intent on fixing the problem in a timely and cost effective manner - he is incredibly informative and he takes the time to listen to the customer and the car.  If you spend just five minutes in his front lobby you will be amazed that he treats every customer as if they are a long lost friend.  The best part about it is, you can be rest assured that when you drive off his lot, your car will be fixed right.  I rarely give this type of professional praise, but Accurate Automotive deserves every word and I so happy to have found them.
5	I am surprised there aren't any reviews of Lee Weatherby's Accurate Auto yet considering all his longtime loyal customers.  I guess they don't yelp!  I'm one such longtime customer. I've been with him for almost 15 years, through college and grad school, clunkers to my current reliable Honda Accord.  This is a wonderful family-run business that infuses everything with their personal touch.  And almost pathologically honest.  I kid you not.  I always get a full explanation of any recommended repairs or maintenance and Lee will also let you know which can be safely deferred if you're short on cash (a lifesaver in my college years!).  He will take care of your family as if his own - which is why everyone I care about eventually becomes a customer.  My mom, my sister, my brother, my best friend...As if unbelievable customer service, expertise, and honesty weren't enough, Lee and family are always striving to make your experience more valuable - they have recently started a website that allows you access to all your repair records, they send out discount coupons directly to your home (and have been known to honor them even if you forget to bring the coupon to the shop!), and even call a few days after service to make sure you're happy with the work and things are running smoothly.All I can say is WOW!  This business is the best example of the entrepreneureal spirit and solid work ethic that I have ever come across.  I'd give them 15 stars if I could.  Also, they specialize in Honda care.  If you have a Honda, this is a no-brainer.  Although I was up in North Glendale for grad school, I took my car all the way to Mesa for service (and I didn't even have a Honda at the time)!Tell them Amy Wing sent you.  ;)
5	4.5 stars! i called this morning and they were able to get me in right away. anything that has to do with cars and maintanence freaks me out. its probably because i never had to worry about anything since my dad always took care of our cars. that and being a girl, you worry about getting taken advantage of when you take your car to get serviced. everyone at accurate auto was very nice. i even had the chance to meet lee weatherby himself. super nice guy. i just needed a simple oil and filter change and my maintanence light turned off and they took care of it and didn't charge me an arm and a leg. i also liked that they noticed i needed my air filter changed and made sure to ask me about it first. minus a half star because it took a lot longer than i expected and i ended up waiting an additional 40 minutes after the front desk guy told me things would be ready shortly. i would definitely come back if i'm ever in the area again and need my car serviced. =)
5	I learned about Accurate Auto from Yelp, and the positive reviews convinced me to try them. (The first-time labor discount and Yelp referral didn't hurt, either.) Lee and his staff were professional, very courteous and went above and beyond to provide a great experience -- offering a shuttle service, explaining items in need of repair and quoting the worst-case scenario costs instead of low-balling me. They are the nicest people I've met in my years of having auto work done.I wholeheartedly recommend Accurate Auto for their work and customer service. The Yelp discount is a great gateway.
5	I honestly don't give 5 star reviews easily, but I just had a really great experience at Accurate Automotive, and can't think of a reason to take off a star.  I'm a residential Realtor, too, so I drive a lot, and have been to a fair number of mechanics over the years.First of all, if you're looking for a new mechanic, just take a look at Accurate Automotive's website.  It's really well put together, and after reading it, I was convinced I wanted to give them a shot.  They offer 20% off their labor charges for first-time Yelpers, free car pickups and deliveries, and really thorough invoices.  I've never seen an invoice like theirs.  The first page (yes, it's two pages long!) gives you a detailed list of everything they did to your car, and the second page gives you a checklist of repairs they recommend making in the future.I didn't price check their invoice with any other mechanics, so I can't say for sure how well priced they are.  However, when they called me the first time, they told me the part I needed could cost as much as $2,000, but they thought they could find it cheaper.  Sure enough, they called me a few hours later and told me they found it for only $1,000.  I'm not an expert, but that sounded like a good deal to me.I will be going back to Accurate Automotive for my next service.
1	More Like Inaccurate Automotive,I bought a used truck from Sullivan Motors of AZ without seeing it in person and had it shipped to me in CA. After checking reviews I chose Accurate Automotive to check out the truck for me before buying it. They said the truck was in good shape after they did their inspection. They did not send me any kind of check off list of their inspection, they just told me of a few little things that they saw were wrong. I believed them. Why wouldn't I, they had good reviews right? I got a call from Sullivan Motors 2 hrs. before I got a call back from Accurate Automotive saying they got the truck back and it checked out ok. Wouldn't  you think I should get a call first since I'm the customer? Long story short, I bought the truck for 24K because Accurate Automotive said it was a nice truck. It was shipped to me 7 days later. I was at work when the truck was dropped off to me from a big rig. After work I took a good look at the truck to make sure it was as good as Sullivan Motors & Accurate Automotive said it was. It was not good, the first thing I found was that 2 of tires were dry rotted and one had 3 bubbles on the side wall. One of the bubbles was 2" big now how do you miss that? Accurate Automotive said the tires had some wear, not that they were unusable and unsafe. The shocks are bad.  The rims had all locking lug nuts with no key in the truck. Either they did not take the wheels off to look at the breaks and other stuff or they did not give me back the lug nut key. Some of the power door locks and  power mirrors did not work. The map pocket on the back seat was half way ripped off and the trucks interior was just in poor condition. My truck is now going to cost me an extra $5000 to make it right.
5	These guys are AMAZING to work with! The owner is a great business man that not only knows how to take care of his customer professionally, he is also very genuine, friendly and personable. He was willing to come by my work, pick up my car for an oil change, and send an employee to pick me up after work, so that it was all done when I got off work. It was that easy and convenient! I would recommend this place to absolutely anyone! You will get the most efficient, friendly, professional, and reasonable work done on your car from some awesome guys.
5	WOW!!! I can't say enough about the honesty and attention to detail from Accurate Automotive.  I can honestly say that Lee and his team are truly dedicated to providing A+ service!!!!!
5	I made an appointment with Accurate Automotive after reading great reviews and decided to give them a try since I have a classic muscle car (69 Camaro RS) that everyone else is afraid to work on. The work was extensive and they kept it the whole week. They reassured me they would take care of as if it were their own. The price was more than fair, Lee drove me all the way home (not close) and we had a great conversation along the way. Eric was very professional and I trusted his pricing (they even gave me a first time customer discount!) and Edwin was an awsome mechanic and totlally honest. He told me I really didn't need something another garage told me I needed. They wouldn't release the car to me until it was absolutely perfect. Boy, what a difference! I don't mind paying for repairs as long as they're needed and I think the price is fair. This place exceded my expectations and highly recommend them. I speak as a former mechanic and shop manager many years ago!By the way, I got my car back without a scratch!! Thanks guys!
5	I'm happy to say I have known the owners of Accurate Automotive for over a decade.  My younger brother used to work for them, and they are honest, knowledgeable and really good at what they do.  I'd be happy to refer my friends to this shop.  They make sure they do the job right, and they stand by their work.
5	These guys are the best in town. It is nearly impossible to find an honest mechanic in town and I am so glad I found this shop. Honest prices and great service, you can't beat it. Thanks Accurate Automotive.
5	How often does the owner of the business hop into your car with you to make sure it is running the way you like?  They have a great team, with you and your safety in mind.  No work done without consent and the prices are fair.  They communicate what is wrong and give alternatives..what's not to like?  Any glitch...they take care of it on their dime and time.  It is hard to find someone in this industry you can trust but you can trust Lee and the gang...they have been at it too long to and have gained too good a reputation to do anything but the best.
5	Went to get some work done on my car. After reading the reviews I gave accurate automotive a shot and I'm glad I did!! I dropped my car off, needed a ride home. I received one from the owner Lee, great guy. Talked about honest upfront business and that's what you get with superior workmanship. My car sounds great now!!! I would recommend the entire valley to this place.  If you need automotive work just go to these guys!
5	More knowledge, skill, and frankly, understanding, than any other professional, let alone the questionable industry of auto mechanics, I know of. I have had vehicles in and out of here for over four years, and have never been disappointed. Lee and Kelly are more than my mechanics, they are valued and trusted friends.
5	Let me say it is amazing to have such honesty with a mechanic. They truly look out for their customer's well being.  Highly recommend.
4	I needed to have a cylinder head repaired on my car and called Accurate for a quote since the Yelp reviews were so good. Lee called me back quickly to discuss what I needed and he gave me a quote that was much cheaper than the dealership. It's rare to speak to someone at an auto shop who isn't gruff, but Lee was incredibly nice on the phone and made sure that I understood everything that would need to be done. The job ended up taking a few extra days because they were sent a bad part (not their fault at all!), but it was worth it to do business with a clean, friendly place that gave me a fair price! The gentleman at the front desk, Josh, is also very nice and definitely makes you feel welcome. I highly recommend Accurate Automotive!
5	Most professional and honest people. Became a customer through Groupon but never made a better choice. Even gave me a lift home because the wait was a little long.
5	Lee Weatherby and all of the staff at Accurate Automotive really do great work, and they stay on the job until they get it done right.I started using Lee a couple of years ago, and since then, i haven't been back to another mechanic, I use Accurate for all of my vehicles, and I refer all of my family and friends to him. Great prices, Stellar communication, and Excellent service are what make me keep coming back to Accurate Automotive again and again (but not too often)!
5	Great service, professional and honest. We just started going to Accurate Auto and will continue to go.
5	Today one of our trucks started over heating. I was in a pinch since its saturday and my normal mechanic was closed. Took the truck to Josh and the guys at Accurate. WOW the customer service was excellent. The got us in and out in a few hours. Friendly and highest level I have seen from a mechanics shop EVER.  I will highly recommend them to everyone. Thanks for bailing us out on such short notice.
5	I'm new to the area and went here based on yelp reviews and the approximately to my house. Excellent customer service all around, family owned, honest, did a great job fixing my car. I will definitely go back here for such great service.
5	Accurate is our go to shop for all of our fleet and personal vehicles. They are able to take care of us in a timely manner and get the vehicle fixed the 1st time every time. Their customer service is top notch. They make us feel welcome every time we are at their shop. I already and will continue to recommend them to everyone I know.
5	I'm very glad a friend of mine told me about this place. From the time I came in, to the time I drove away, they were very professional. They gave me great service, Fixed my car up well for a very good price. They want above and beyond the call of duty and gave me a ride home while my truck was there. After they fixed my truck they then took it to emissions for me and got it through!! What great service. I will come here for all my auto service from now on.
5	I brought my vehicle in because I received a quote from the dealer for major repairs.  I know the dealer was not trying to rip me off but I also know they charge significantly more than non-dealers for the same work so I brought my car to Accurate Automotive for a second quote.  Josh and his team had the car all day long, tried several methods to determine where the slow leak was coming from, and ultimately decided I should wait 500 more miles to see if the leak becomes more evident.  All at no charge!  They really care about providing "accurate" services and they are a shop I will definately trust with the care of my car going forward.  Thank you!
5	My favorite part was when Josh at the front explained how long it would take to fix my car. It was making some weird noises and needed an oil change. Our family had 4 vehicles and this is where we go. Excellent customer service and we haven't had any issues with the cars. Only tip I'd give is to call in advance. It helps them and yourself for planning purposes.
5	Thanks Lee for the quick diagnosis of bad motor mounts on the 2003 Jeep Wrangler. Thank you even more for the quick repair on Christmas Eve.
