5	Stay. At. This. Hotel. Beautiful rooms, hotel bar, gym, spa services, heated pool, perfect location, intelligent staff, flat screen tv's, modern bathrooms, and affordable!!!we would stay here again in a heartbeat!!! the best choice in edinburgh!NOTE: we have found that you can get a cheaper rate if you book through a travel website partnered with a flight, and NOT booking through the hotel website.
4	I recently went to a business presentation in the Radisson's basement function suite and found it a well apt host.  The staff were thoroughly professional and not too intrusive and the venue itself was clean, crisp and presentable. There's nothing of notable attraction here but for the said function, it was top notch. It's good to know the Radisson is making many a dreary presentation that little bit more bearable, good on them.
4	This is a really great hotel.Perfect location on the Royal Mile: you really can't ask for more - aside from the very steep hill that you have to climb from the train station. I had a perfect view of Arthur's Seat from my room, which encouraged me to get out and go see it.Interesting older architecture, with a crypt-like bar area. The room was very nice, especially since it had a Nespresso machine in the standard room: a Radisson first for me. Bed enormous and super comfy. TV not great though - the reception was poor and even though the technician came out to take a look, they couldn't make it any better.The reception service was extremely good, I asked for a restaurant recommendation where I could sit quietly and enjoy a nice meal with my book without being harassed. They fully understood, took me through some options, and then called the restaurant to reserve me a table. Awesome!
5	One of my favourite hotels anywhere, ever.Smart, clean, swish.Perfectly situated on the Royal Mile.
5	Love this hotel!
4	I stayed betwen 21-22DEC12 and 23-24DEC12 in different rooms (21-22DEC12 in a non-refundable standard room without breakfast and 23-24DEC12 in a business class room).The non-refundable standard room was really good value. The rooms were clean and of a decent size (big enough for my partner and I), and the beds were comfortable. Pillows weren't very good though (for some reason European hotels have really soft pillows, which I didn't like).It's worth to get the Business Class rooms - they are larger (if that's a consideration), have complementary water, Nespresso coffee, bathrobes, etc. You can even ask for a different type of pillow if you find the standard ones aren't to your liking (although their firmest pillows are still too soft for us). Breakfast was good in terms of variety and quality. It's expensive and may not be worth the money if you get them separately.Service was very good. The staff were all polite and accommodating.We didn't really make use of the indoor pool, however. It looked really good though.Overall, I'd recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Edinburgh.
4	Hotel is undergoing remodeling, but don't let that stop you from staying here.  Best location in the city.  Spotless.  Staff is happy and extremely accommodating.  Restaurant has good food.  Breakfasts are awesome. Rooms are spacious and comfortable.  Warning hotel is centrally located and surrounded by pubs.  Short walk.
4	Location is fantastic and hotel is undergoing renovation but dont let that get in the way of your stay. The rooms are good and the bed was super comfortable. The interior is fully updated and the staff are very friendly. For location this place gets 5 stars. It is located right on the Royal Mile and close to loads of attractions and cafes, pubs etc. There is a nice bar in the hotel and serves cocktails but I was not too impressed with them. There are loads of better places nearby. The room is well appointed and comfortable and has all the amenities one would want to make your stay comfortable. The prices are also not bad and I would happily stay here again.
3	The Radisson Blu was perfectly situated on the Royal Mile, which puts about 90% of Edinburgh's major tourist attractions within walking distance.They had free wifi, but I couldn't connect at first because there were apparently too many subscribers logged in. WTF? I encountered this problem several more times throughout the stay. It would also randomly kick me out of my email account from time to time, even though the Internet was still connected.The shower/tub is a bit strange. There's a hinged glass door that extends about halfway down the tub. It can swing open, so there's a gap between the bottom of the door and the rim of the tub. Naturally, this results in water all over the floor. I'm not sure whose design choice that was, but it's idiotic.The bed pillows may as well have been nonexistent. Both pillows stacked together were still as thin as a folded t-shirt. I had to fold them both in half, then stack them to get some halfway decent neck support. Naturally, this construct didn't stay put as I tossed and turned throughout the night. The second day, I found mention of a pillow menu, but couldn't find one in our room. I wandered down to the front desk and asked for firm pillows. The ones they brought were certainly firmer, but I still had to use two of them. Why is it so hard for hotels to get decent pillows? Surely they have something similar to Bed, Bath & Beyond in the UK, right?The bed itself was a little hard, and the ridge of the two tethered twin beds was unpleasant, so my wife and I relegated ourselves to opposite corners of the bed. Their sheets were a bit rough too, and they weren't big enough for the bed. It was like they had used queen-size sheets on a king-size bed.I'm sure we mostly paid for the location, but I expected better considering the price.
5	Great hotel in a wonderful location.  Every staff member from the front desk to breakfast to spa have been wonderful.  Beatrice and Brian were especially helpful in finding us great restaurants every night then waiting for our reviews when we got back.  Daniel the porter took great care of us upon arrival and checks in to see if our stay is going well each time he sees us.  The health club is well appointed and the buffet breakfast has many choices and service was excellent.  Overall we couldn't have been happier with our stay.  I would highly recommend any Radisson Blu but especially Edinburgh.
