5	I love my eyelash extensions and I will not go to anyone else except for Cynthia. She is courteous, fast and takes pride in her work. She is located inside of the icon salon! Go see her......you will not be disappointed.
5	Cyntyhia was amazing!  One-third of the lashes on my right eye are super short, and she was still able to work her magic and apply eyelash extensions.  The process was super relaxing and I cannot wait to go back.  I purchased a Groupon and felt that I received the same level of service had I been a full-paying client.  My eyes look amazing today, and the best part is that my co-workers keep staring at me and wondering "what I had done," so the extensions are not in-your-face obvious, but definitely make a difference.What a great experience!
5	LOVE the lashes!! Great experience! I will definitely be returning for touch ups and waxing!!
5	Cynthia is an artist! She does an absolute amazing job with eyelash extensions. She is my favorite so far that I have experienced. I had actually gotten a Groupon just to try out a sample of full eyelash extensions for a better price and I fell in love. I am now a client of Cynthia's and go to her every couple of weeks so I can get my fills done with her. Also there is a very nice setting in the room; she makes you feel comfortable and it's very relaxing while she does her magic.
5	I love my lashes by Cynthia. She is good at what she does. This was my first time getting lashes n I was specific that I wanted them 2 look as natural as possible n that she delivered.  Most important she is very clean. I always check for cleanliness especially when your going to be touching  my face and my eyes for that matter. Good job girl! Thanks Cynthia.
5	I originally used a living social voucher and got extensions for the first time. They turned out great and I got many compliments. I am hooked and have been back twice for fills. Cynthia is great at her craft. She uses quality glue and my lashes lasted for 4 weeks both times I went back for fills. Highly recommend. Appointments are easy to schedule. I will not go anywhere else!
2	I've been getting my lashes done for over a year now in Arizona. I recently moved to Nevada for medical school though, and I needed to find a quality professional ASAP!    When I went in for a fill , I had a horrible outcome. I wasn't wearing my contacts that day and couldn't examine the job closely in her mirror afterwards-- but she did sI trusted it looked amazing. When my husband first saw my fill, he immediately asked, "What's wrong with your lashes?" (My husband normally doesn't notice stuff like that, so I knew immediately something looked REALLY wrong!). When I inspected them closely at home, I saw that most of my eyelashes were actually glued to my eyelid (literally glued to my eyelid, and not attached on the lash)!! Which is probably why they didn't stay on anywhere near as long as the first time she did them. I'm really disappointed, because I thought I found someone to routinely go to.
5	I got my eyelashes done with Cynthia through a living social voucher too and I had never gotten extensions done before so I was not sure what to expect. I made an appointment and Cynthia was great! It didn't hurt as she was gentle and detailed to put every lash on carefully.  After it was done, I loved the results although I was not used to it for a couple of days.  So the next time I went to Cynthia to refill, I told her that  it felt too long for me and she was able to match a shorter but fuller looking lash set which I loved!
1	If I can give a 0 I will!!! I had to find someone to remove them and I lost a ton of my original lashes.  She glues 4 lashes together with 2 to 3 of your own lashes, took 3 hours to fix this mess and remove all the glue.  I have several bald spots and now have to wait for my lashes to grow in.  Please do not go to this lady she only has 5 months of doing eyelash extensions and apparently has no clue what she's doing.
5	Cynthia is the best,She cares so much about her clients.I have very short lashes (lifelong challenge), however, Cynthia takes her time and has the patience to care for my lashes.I really appreciate her.Angela
