5	Small seating, but thye are mainly a catering outfit. I was lucky enough to attend one of their catering events and it was southern BBQ/BBQ chicken was delicious! The sweet tea is okay.Since I'm gluten-free I couldn't eat the pasta salad, banana pudding or the brandy soaked bundt cake but, they were definately favorites at my table.If you have an event check them out, I grabbed there catering menu and the prices were right in line with what you would expect to spend.
5	A renowned local caterer, Southern Gourmet serves a variety of great sandwiches, salads, and an array of incredible and creative desserts.  Arrive early for lunch.  There aren't a lot of tables.  The daily Blue Plate Specials are great; but lots of variety on the menu as well.  I've attended several Matthews Chamber of Commerce events which were catered by Southern Gourmet.  Catering is their specialty.  And not  only is the food good, the 'presentation' sets it apart.  Like pictures from Southern Living.Best kept SOGO Summer secret?  The Tomato Pie.  A tasty alternative to a quiche.  Also, a surprisingly wonderful dessert I had there two weeks ago: Strawberry-Basil Cheesecake.
5	Yesterday was our first "office visit" here and it was really good! The people behind the counter (I'm assuming are the owners) are extremely helpful and are really nice! I had the Steak Wrap that was with Roasted Peppers, Onions in a Spinach Wrap- Very good and light it was served with a side salad I had a Red Vinaigrette with it. This is really close to our office so I anticipate going here more in the future! I look forward to trying more of they're menu
5	I'm a huge fan of the Southern Gourmet but I felt the need to write a review until my most recent experience.  I visit there at least once a week and the owner, Randy, knows me by name!  Last Tuesday, I went it to pick up lunch for myself and a few of my associates.  When I got back to work, I realized that I didn't receive the corn muffin that was supposed to come with my meal.  It wasn't a big issue and would have never thought about it again... until the owner walked into my dealership a few minutes later with a corn muffin for me.  I didn't even call him.  He even included a piece of Lemon pound cake in the bag because of the inconvenience.  This is an awesome example of going above and beyond!  I can't say enough good things about the Southern Gourmet.
5	I work up the hill from this place. It's a special treat for lunch when there is an occasion to celebrate, or a client or coworker to treat.Service is fast, they remember customers' names, and it's a laid back place. One of my coworkers said the women's rest room is a designer showplace. So ladies (and gents), wash your hands. For about $11 a head including tip, you get wonderful food. I've never been disappointed here. Today, I had a roast pork tenderloin in a dreamy mushroom sauce, some incredible collard greens, and an orzo/black-eyed pea salad concoction that was outstanding. I topped it off with Southern cornbread and really good coffee, and was ready to go back to work, staring at my MacBook Pro as it backed up all my files prior to a long trip.Snnnzzzzzz...Well, okay, it WAS a heavy meal, but not *that* heavy. I never quite fell asleep. And I finished every morsel.This place is on the same side of the road as McAlpine Park, on the other side of the railroad bridge. They also do catering, and lately, they've been selling gourmet olive oils. Give them a try. They may be in a strip mall (Greylyn Park?), but they rock!
1	I had enjoyed eating in their restaurant several times so when I got engaged they were a natural choice to be our caterer. We were very quickly disappointed. The owners were rude in their interactions with us and seemed uninterested and even annoyed every time we had to communicate with them. We had a difficult time even setting up a time to do our food tasting and then when we finally got to the tasting we were handed a to go box with 3 of the 6 different things we were supposed to taste. A microwaved meal is never going to give a great impression. No one followed up with us to ask how the food was.Now, 3 months away from the wedding we have decided to switch gears and pick a new caterer. Thank goodness our deposit is still refundable.If you are looking for a decently priced caterer with no customer service - go for it.
4	Super cute and drool worthy desserts!  I had the classic chopped salad for lunch, which actually was not very chopped up, but still very hearty, with ham and turkey included for extra protein.  The little cafe has limited seating, but we had a large group, and they accommodated us easily.  Giant menu of options from sandwiches and salads, to hot food options.
5	SOGO catered the wedding rehearsal dinner for our son's wedding last summer.  Not only did they serve up a great selection of southern favorites, but the table decor and presentation of the food made it even more of a high class afare.
4	Nice little cafe-deli-bakery. Although it's part of my neighborhood, it's my first time here. Nice menu selection, yummy deserts, friendly staff. Not a place for kids, or should I say not for my hyperactive kids. In order to keep them busy, the wait staff provided crayons and paper...that was a very nice gesture :) I ordered grilled cheese for my boys, croissants, and that Mac and Cheese cupcake was a very creative idea! My sandwich was delicious Asiago-Parmesan Fish Filet. I'll be back to this place, but without the kids :)
5	I work near here and we go often for lunch.  The food is fantastic!  The owners are extremely nice and even know your name!  My favorite is the Southwest Chicken salad - especially the homemade dressing that comes with it, but everything looks fantastic.  They have also catered some lunch meetings for us and we have gotten nothing but compliments from everyone eating.  I HIGHLY recommend the Southern Gourmet!
4	Stopped in for the first time today.  Met the owner, who I had a short but delightful conversation with. I tried the strawberry basil cheesecake, which I am happy to report was VERY GOOD!Also picked up some homemade oat cranberry squares, which where moist and obscenely delicious.The place has that authentic southern charm about it. Wonderful for finding a quiet table in the corner, sipping on some peach tea, and reflecting on how good life is :)
2	My niece had her wedding at our home and catered by Southern Gourmet...so I will submit my review based on a two categories:  food and service.The food was very good.  We had pork Marsala and Tuscan chicken for entrees.  Both were quite delicious and overall, the food was tasty and cooked well.The service, on the other hand, was sorely lacking.  I realize that a caterer is there to do a job, but the abrupt attitude and overall rush to get plates off the table had me hovering over my dinner because I was afraid someone would take my plate if I didn't guard it!  I (we) were really put off by the (dare I say bitchiness?) sorry attitude.  It was supposed to be a fun event, not a race to get food served and removed!  And, in fact, we set up all the tables, not the caterer as arranged, so you would think they would have been appreciative that they didn't have to take the time to do it.  Overall, I think I would probably look elsewhere for a future event.  I don't need attitude in my home from someone I'm paying for "service".
3	During planning our out of town wedding I researched various caters in the Charlotte area. I first contacted TSG in early 2013 for my October wedding, and spoke with one of the owners Crystal. She was friendly and to the point, and I decided to book with their catering business due to the great reviews and availability. Our meeting and tasting went well, and over the months they were relatively responsive to my requests. However, it seemed like after time, the responses were shorter and less thorough, to the point where sometimes I wouldn't get a response. I am very detail orientated and probably over-emailed on some subjects, but when you are planning your own wedding that does tend to happen...The day of the wedding I was mostly busy getting ready, but as soon as the caters arrived I started receiving complains from my guests and wedding party about the attitude the caterers exhibited. I am not really sure where this is coming from, when they arrived there was even less work for them to do because I went ahead and had us set up all of the table arrangements... apparently there was a discrepancy about the placement of a table, where the coffee cups were, about a pregnant woman having some Hors d'Oeuvres before they were passed, about the home owner of the venue (my uncle) requesting a bottle of champagne for their table but being denied by  the bartenders..... ah, on and on and on. Cleanup was a huge rush, almost like they were rushing the guests to eat. My biggest irritation was when I spoke with the rental company I used a few weeks after the wedding. There was 14 missing napkins and a ton of missing silverware, all of which I have to pay for. It's not so much the cost of it, while the caterers were responsible for the cleanup I realize some of the guests may have "thrown" their silverware in the trash on accident.... but without any information from me or my guests, the owner of the company asked who I had the wedding catered by, because he could tell that "whoever it was, did not take care of my items". He was referring to the dishes, the glasses, the silverware, etc. Hearing that from someone in the business, without any prompts from outside sources, was extremely discouraging.  On a positive note - the food was excellent. Perhaps if they just remind themselves why they are there at the event in the first place, that it's not just a chore or a J-O-B but an extremely essential part of a landmark for a couple, they can align their attitude with the quality of their food. If that were to happen, they would definitely deserve 5 stars.
3	This is one of the very few places in the area who serve fresh food - as opposed to frozen or processed - the reason why I'm giving it 3 stars The food is pretty good, but nothing exceptional. Portions are acceptable but not generous, pricing leans to the gourmet side of the equation more than the flavors do. The location is cute and eclectic. I seldom complain about service, which I'd describe here as Southern combination of polite words with unpleasantly brisk and rude manners at the same time. I don't want to rehash but I've eaten here a few times and never left with a good feeling, I doubt that I'll be back.
5	Several weeks back, my husband and I had an out of town guest.  Our favorite place to get an order to go is Southern Gourmet.  We were able to dine in private at our home and visit with our guest without having to cook.  The buffalo burger, salad with a fabulous vidalia onion dressing, and other fare were consumed with no crumbs left on the plate. Very fresh!  The mac and cheese cupcake was just like my mama used to make.  Portion sizes were just right!  I only wish I could go there more often.  Just thinking about it makes me hungry!
4	Wow, for the longest time I did not know this was right around the corner from where I work! Now I know, and now I plan to visit more often. The name says it all about the type of food they serve here, southern gourmet. I had the Tuscan Chicken with green beans and cornbread. The flavors were right on, portion size was good, the owners and staff are very friendly. I can't speak for their catering, but a sit down lunch is very nice here. They also do cakes, the hummingbird cake is so so yummy! It is so moist and rich, and the frosting is just right. I like this a lunch place and will continue to visit.
5	I was married at the Reid House  in Matthews in October. I met with Crystal  of Southern Gourmet,  one of the owners, for catering services. I found her to be very flexible  meeting with me more than once to ensure I was happy with my choices. They were at the venue on time, delivered delicious food, and were very professional and courteous. I also met with Heather her baker, about my cake. I was extremely pleased with the cake. It was simply beautiful and got rave reviews from my guest on how wonderful it was.  I would highly recommend Southern Gourmet not only for the catering but also for wedding cake. You will not be disappointed.S. Klein
