4	If you like the feeling of being on a sugar high, this place is for you.  I happened upon it today while browsing some other stores at Scottsdale Quarter, and was impressed with their selection of sugar (and some sugarless) treats of all kinds.  I literally felt like a kid in a candy store, as I walked through this newly opened shop.  Despite it being on the pricey side, I'm sure it will do really well in this location.From bulk candy including a wall of assorted jelly belly flavors, every gummy animal and flavor imaginable, licorice, chocolate, jawbreakers, gumballs, etc... and individually wrapped candy such as razzles, nerds, lollipops, skittles, m&ms, cleverly labeled gum, hello kitty, extra large sizes of candy buttons, chocolate bars, junior mints, dots, and oh so much more, there is definitely something for everyone at this store.On top of the candy selection, the store is bright and colorful and blasting music; you can't help but smile while inside.  Prices are on the steep side, however, so be forewarned.  I bought a package of razzle sours for $1.99.  I avoided the bulk candy bins that are $2.99 per 1/4 pound and $11.96 per pound.  There were plenty of people (both kids and adults) loading up on sugar while I was there, and with the iPic theater right nearby, I'm sure plenty of people will make IT'SUGAR a pre-movie candy buying destination.This place is worth a visit, especially if you're looking for a sugar fix.  Enjoy!
4	Great music, walking into this place is a blast and if seeing lots-o-candy gets you buzzing then you're in the right place. They have Willie Wonka candy and many of my childhood favorites. Have you ever seen a gummy bear that is over 12 inches tall or a gummy worm a yard  long? What about those fantastic colorific suckers and lollipops that you only see at Great America; those items and much more are here at It's Sugar!!! My new candy fix right before going to iPic to watch a flick.
4	Awesome candy store!!  They have a very large selection of good candy to pick from.  They don't have specialty chocolate, but about any other type of candy you can think of.  You can get a bag and fill it yourself and its priced by overal weight.  Good store, if we are back in this area we will stop again.
4	Open til midnight fri/sat that is ridiculous, ridiculously awesome.  Great selection of candy and funny novelty items, I picked up some gummy bears, razzles dj style headphones and hand sanitizer that says "chances are you touched your genitals", and it was great . . . Thanks for asking
5	Neat store with a lot of unusual items.  For example, they had a giant hershey syrup bottle that is a piggy bank.  What a great gift for kids of all ages.  I bought a Cherry Coke Bonnie Bell Lip Gloss.  YUM!  Cant wait to go back.
4	Who doesn't love a candy store? Personally, my favorite thing at a candy store are the gummies. While it'sugar had the usual offerings for the most part there were a few standouts.Jumbo candy. The biggest gummy worm I've ever seen. Would be awesome at a party.fruit flavored gummy bears - separated by flavorchocolate covered gummy bears - sounds gross but they are amazing! I loaded up a bag with a bunch of gummy goodness - worms, bears, cherries, peach penguins, coke bottles, sugar rings - at set out on my sugar overload. All the candy tasted fresh (no hard gummies) and the variety was good.I wouldn't go out of my way to go here but it was a fun stop for sure.
5	If the game of Candyland came to life, it would look exactly like the interior of It'sugar. The sugar plum fairies definitely sugar coated this store with every possible candy imaginable, even some I didn't even know existed. This candy store is dangerous for a sweet tooth addict like myself. I walked in and didn't even know where to start. The middle island of the store is full of bucket after bucket of every type of candy; everything from sour patch gummies, to chocolate covered everything and any other gummy creation you can think of. The shop's perimeter is lined with random candy accessories like Hershey pillows, gummy bear coin purses and candy flavored lip gloss. Then the kiosks have things like the world's largest lollipop. And then there's the back wall full of endless flavors of jelly bean and M & Ms. I could go on and on but I think you get the picture! This shop is a visit-must if you are a. with a child, b. like to relive your childhood or c. have a sweet tooth craving.
4	I love candy stores, I try to avoid them, but I love them.  I've been to this place twice in the past couple of weeks.  Wow, have not been to the candy store in 3 months and then suddenly I'm here twice in ten days.  Better watch out or I'll be back on my Hcg diet in not time.   Love the gummy candies, can't get enough of them.
4	It'sugar is more than just a candy store; it's a world of candy. This store is packed with everything candy-related, from candy decor (pillows, blankets, accessories) to candy bars, bulk items to half-pound Reeses Peanut Butter Cups (I kid you not). Looking for a cake-sized rice crispy treat or a tootsie pop the size of a large grapefruit?  It'sugar is the place to go. They even sell gummy bears by the flavor.  Now I know I can make a bag of candy with my favorite flavors (I always eat around the orange and yellow gummies in a prepackaged bag). It'sugar is located directly across from the iPic theatre...although It'sugar is on the pricey side, it's still a better deal than candy at iPic. It's glowing aura practically screams "buy your candy here!"
3	It'sugar takes a very holistic approach as a candy store, offering everything from bulk candy, to vintage chocolate, to candy-themed paraphernalia. It's not the most interesting sweet shop on earth, but it's perfect for the location. Because of its location, though, they also seem to think that I have heaps money to spend on overpriced paraphernalia and vintage chocolate... I don't. The best aspect of It'sugar is that it provides a great way to satisfy random sugar cravings, on the spot (my last baggy contained 3 Swedish fish, 1 Now n' Later, and 4 sour cherry gummies) which is preferable to having to buy an entire bag of one kind of candy that I don't actually want. All in all, I definitely see the merit in having a shop like this in the Scottsdale Quarter. It attracts teenagers who have access to their parents' credit cards, people hoping to sneak a variety of sweets in to a nearby movie, mothers looking for a diversion for their kids, and those of us hoping to induce food guilt after a guilt-free meal at True Food (guilty).
5	O-M to the Gee. This place is so much fun with the bright colors and oversized candy bars and lollipops to purchase! They also offer non-edible items with your favorite candy logo like piggy banks, shirts, and slippers. My favorite, is more of the adult themed novelty gum packs, magnets, candy thongs, and plenty of other items that would be perfect for gag gifts or just to change up any gift you might need to purchase. If you are in Scottsdale Quarter you definetly need to check it out, it's not just for the kiddies running around in the water display in front of the store! But be prepared to spend plenty of time in the store browsing all the fun items and candy :)
4	Funny novelty gifts. If you like sour, try the cry baby tears.
4	Super pricey candy- but fun unless you overdue it.  I came in for the Jelly Bellies and was horrified when the weight of the candy came out to over $90 just for the beans!  Since I didn't mix them they didn't have an issue with dividing the bags into smaller increments (thank GOD!!) and they have a broad selection of lots of fun novelty items- giant twizzlers, custom flavor gummy bears, etc.  I'll have to come back for my sour belts and for cinnamon gummy bears for my hubbers.
4	Do they still have The Sweet Factory here?  It's Sugar is like the updated version of The Sweet Factory, where you have a plethora of bulk sweets for you to scoop in plastic bags.  The bags are nice in that they are zip-lock to seal in freshness.  They also have cool candy-themed items and some gag gifts for sale. I picked up a zombie sleep mask ($4.99) and some bulk candy ($12.96/lb., ~$1.50 for 9 pieces of gummies and chocolate).  My favorites so far are the peachy penguins and the gummy army men.  The bulk candy prices are a bit high compared to buying them at a regular grocery store (for the more common candies), but the selection can't be beat.  If I lived closer to here I'd probably have a lot of holes in my teeth from testing out all their selections!
5	So many yummy treats! U can get in real trouble here...
4	A trip to It's Sugar is necessary prior to a long day of window shopping. I filled my baggy with licorice & gummy worms aka the essentials. Though I'm not afraid of germs, I imagined a kid digging his/her icky hands into the buckets & it kinda ruined my mood for a second. Nonetheless, I kept it moving. My bag was about the same as my usual cup o' froyo which was alarming, yet okay since I needed energy to continue on with my day. If you can't find something in here, color me shocked - it's probably impossible.
1	The staff here is so exceptionally rude and unprofessional. It's a cool store with a very happy vibe but the employees ruin it all. When my boyfriend and I walked in, we were greeted politely, and began browsing. So far so good. Total kids galore. Tons of candy, accessories and gifting options. After looking around a bit we saw a "Ted" bear. Just as we walked up to the display of furry bears, one of the young employees came up to us, brought us a talking Ted coffee mug, and started to show us the features and sell us the mug. Yeah, yeah I know. It's their job to up-sell and be annoying. But wait it gets better. If any of you have seen Ted, you'd know it's a raunchy movie that doesn't have many appropriate parts. While the employee was going through the pre recorded messages on the mug, he stopped at one- the infamous "Thunder Buddies For Life" song- and began to sing along with it. All the way from the "F-you thunder!" to the "You can S my D" parts of the song. I was seriously taken back, and shot my boyfriend the "are you serious, did he just say that" glance. Just so you all know, I don't have a problem using or hearing bad language, but when you're in a store that's greatly family oriented and populated with children, I think it's a bit too much to use expletives in a conversation, let alone sales pitch. Totally turned off by anything this salesperson had to say, we walked away and continued to look at the candy selection. I grabbed a bag and started to put a few things inside, being cautious of the weight because the price is about $13.00/lb. I made the mistake of picking up a larger piece of candy with my hands and putting it in my bag. I mention that it was large because I didn't touch my hands on any of the other pieces. Some really PMS-affected employee with blue hair and black-sharpie raccoon eyes rushed up to me and gave me SO much attitude about using my hands to touch the one piece of candy I was going to buy. "Next time use the tongs, got it?!" Wow. Excuse me. I didn't realize I was just like one of the numerous four year olds in the store who needs a slap on the wrist. If she was nicer about her approach and had any customer service skills whatsoever I would have been nicer with my response, but I just looked back at her in the same condescending way she did to me and said "GOT IT" right back with a smirk on my face. My boyfriend was so embarrassed that I retaliated back at her but I don't regret it at all. After that I was seriously tempted to put my bag down and walk out. But I didn't, so I paid about $2.50 for my bag and walked out. I will NEVER be back here to spend a cent. Note to the managers or owners: hire employees who has customer service backgrounds or at least oversee them sometime.
3	Pretty neat candy store but WAAAAAAY over priced. $3 for a box of bubble gum cigarettes?! I can get 3 for $1 at Dollar Tree. I like the fact that they have some of the old fashioned candy though...
4	If you have a sweet tooth than this is definitely the place for you! It's wall to wall candy, like finding yourself in an alternate universe of Charlie's Chocolate factory and Candyland! I am not one to crave candy but upon going by their store it so bright and filled with so many sugary delights you can't help but be drawn in. I couldn't believe the size of the gummy bears, I kept wondering how long it would take me to bite one's head off (so tempted but I resisted) I did however buy cherry and cola flavored gummies, eaten together tasted like cherry coke. I also bought a package of sriracha candy canes, I can't wait to see the kids faces when they bite into their spicy little stocking stuffers. This store has everything form old school pez and rock candy to Ted and Lord of the Rings inspired candy. If your looking to stuff some stockings or  just need to satisfy your sweet tooth than this is definitely the place to do it!
5	Cool candy store, nice people working and a great candy selection! They had my fav gummy sharks and chocolate covered gummy bears!
5	LOVE IT HERE!  You can find any and all goodies from your childhood.  Great place to buy gifts, gags, and Christmas stocking stuffers.  The staff are super nice too.
4	This visually appealing pink wonderland of candy is also fabulous for novelty items!!  A great place to grow your inappropriate magnet collection, pick up one of those notepads with rude checkbox items, purchase a silly tee-shirt or find a whoopie cushion.  I love places like this and pick up something fun every single time I visit.  They have an impressive selection of enormous candy (Care for a snickers bar the size of a man's torso?  How about a gummy worm the size of an arm?), a ton of Ted (the movie) memoribilia, and lots of candy bars and mint/gum with hilarious sayings.TIP: The bulk candy can get pretty expensive pretty fast.  We paid over $6 for the equivalent of a large bag of skittles, but, if you're looking for gummy everything and you don't mind splurging, you'll love it!
1	My daughter purchased a toy, basically it was $20. It shoots marshmallows. It didn't work. This store does not offers refunds. Not even to a 9 year old who paid cash with a receipt, who came back the next day and insisted that she does not want $20 worth of candy or a replacement that will not work. She wanted her allowance money back.Lesson learned and in front of many people on a busy Friday night.Be sure of what you BUY!!!!
