4	This is a really fun roller coaster; it includes a steep drop, cork screws and even a loop. They did a good job of squeezing a lot of fun stuff into one dome. The line moved fairly quickly however for $10/ride it was incredibly short and the seats had a bit of an odor to them. Currently there is a $3 off coupon for a day pass that runs about $27-$30 per person that is good for the whole dome but we were only stopping by. The ride is smooth and offers two different photos to buy.
4	I got the all day wristband pass ($29.99) which is a good deal because riding this coaster once is already 10 bucks. I rode this at least 5 times.It's about time they got rid of that lame boat ride and putting this in. Memo to the Circus Circus CEO (Clown Executive Officer), that the Canyon Blaster Coaster is starting to look and sound pretty lame so I think its about time for that to be replaced as well.My first initial read I thought El Pollo Loco busted out with a roller Coaster. This ride has the same colors and everything. A crazy chicken riding a crazy coaster? Next coaster should be a KFC product (Kentucky Fried Coaster) Lol.This ride is about a minute long overall from take off. You get an overall balance of speed, inversions, twists, and turns. The first drop you pretty much go straight down and later on it leads into an inverted half loop. Lastly, you run into another inverted loop just right before you get back to the station.Each car can hold up to 4 people. Your are restrained by a lap belt and padded lap bar. I like this because unlike the Canyon Blaster, your shoulders and line of sight are not restricted.Some random info. Dont go on this ride especially after having a big meal. Not because it might come back out, but because the lap bar that comes down rests pretty much on your stomach. So if you have a big belly like me, I kind of had a hard time breathing since the pressure on the lap bar gets even tighter when you go down that first drop. Also, the camera that takes your picture is situated just right after you hit the first drop so prepare accordingly.Overall, this coaster is definitely the best ride in the Adventuredome. Maybe in Vegas and the surrounding areas. Originally, I was gonna give it 5 stars but after a couple of hours hanging out in the park, it broke down several times. Dont worry, it got stuck on the parts where there were stairs accessible for people to come down, which was what actually happened those times. It sucks for those people having to come down some stairs. Also, I captured some video on my phone and tried to upload it on the business listing but it looks like it didnt go through. Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #178
4	Some thrilling roller coasters drop straight down at a 90 degree angle. El Loco goes a step further with a drop less than 90 degrees. It makes you feel like your stomach was left behind at the top of the drop. It's a fun ride, but only lasts 72 seconds.
