5	Nice little place for toddler aged children. They have toys in the front that you can purchase or you can pay $5 I think to go into the back of the store where they have a play area. A giant ship with a slide, and many other toys to play with. Must wear socks. Would be a good place for a party for young kids. Definitely worth visiting.
4	If you are looking for an indoor play area for young kids (1-4) E2 toys is a great option in the Greentree/Mt. Lebo area. The front is a store with unique, well made toys for sell. These are not the typical fisher price, disney, vtech items you will find at the big stores (BRU, Walmart, Target). They are different and unique items. The back area is an indoor playground where you can try out their toys. $8 for the first child. Not sure how much for more kids. I also heard a rumor that under 1 is free. There are ride on toys, stackable toys, a kitchen set, a small ball pit, a huge ship with a swing and various other little toys. Seems to keep kids busy for hours. There is also a table with highchairs if you bring a snack. Tip: You and your child must have socks to enter the play area.
5	This is the perfect indoor play area to take crawlers and toddlers. There are tons of cool toys to play with. My 2 1/2 year old can play freely without me needing to hover over him to keep him from hurting himself or breaking something. Even my baby can crawl around and be entertained and neither of them can escape! It's a good place to meet a friend and let the kids have fun while you catch up. The owners are very friendly. There is a shop in the front where the (awesome) toys are for sale.
1	TERRIBLE!!!!! We really enjoyed this play place in it's old location in Scott Township center. Since they have moved the place is a disaster. To start a friend booked a birthday party at the new location and the owners assured her it would be ready. Long story short they weren't ready.Fast forward to last weekend a friend and I decided to give it another try and it just confirmed my previous experience. because they moved from a single level open location to a house it's a nightmare managing 2 young children. The play areas are all in seperate rooms including a play area upstairs so you have to worry about your child on slippery carpet stairs. They have you walk through the play area to take off your shoes, so whats the point. The main climbing feature is too big for the room and the stairs on it are angled in a manner that if a child lost their footing they will hit their head on the wall. The blue mats in the play areas are actually tripping hazards and my 2ys old had the bruise to prove it.The owner and employess hover around in an abnoxious fashion and being sock nazi's. The owner actually took a paint dabber away from my friends daughter while we were standing there stating that she didn't need to have 2 green ones.Really??? There were no other kids in sight so it made so sense. Then beacuse they have you put shoes and coats at the back you have to dress your kids then walk through the play area to leave, which is hard for young kids.The whole experince was frustrating and we won't be back!!!!And in the new location you have to pay for parking which they don't validate.
5	E2's new location in Bridgeville is adorable. My daughter calls it the "playhouse." I love the atmosphere, it's friendly & welcoming. There's coffee for the adults & the kids can bring small snacks.           The main room houses an awesome play structure & slide, big building blocks, and park tower toy with a car elevator & gates that open & close. There is a separate room for smaller children with a ball pit, many puzzles, stacking toys & a really cute alligator to jump on. My kid loves the play kitchen room, and upstairs there is a sand box, art & games. Also, we can't wait to use the outdoor space when it warms up! There is a pirate ship with a slide, tons of tractors & toys to ride on, & a seal swing!      E2 is a family owned business, & the owners are parents. I love and support family owned & small businesses in the Pittsburgh area, I like to give my money to people who give back. This place is easy to love. The owners are usually there, and they are very friendly. They sell toys upstairs too, the toys are well made & creative. I got my daughter a wooden drum, a game puzzle that teaches reading, and "tattoo art." She LOVES them all, especially the drum, which she has already thrown down the stairs, stood on, played with spoons, and abused in various other ways, and it doesn't even have a dent in it!     Pittsburgh is a tough place to find indoor/outdoor inexpensive, safe, friendly places for kids, especially in the winter. I'm so happy this place exists & I hope people realize that local businesses help the community & improve morale in general. I will be bringing my daughter here for as long as she loves sliding, jumping, playing, imagining, swinging, hanging out with friends & buying well made creative play toys. :)     My family & I usually go in the evenings, we are night people, but on days she has afternoon pre-school we come in the am (they open @10 T-F). The mornings are busy, but it usually clears out a bit around lunchtime so, you can choose what's best for you. If it's too busy they put you on a list & call you when a space opens up. It's never too busy for my kid though, she loves meeting new friends, and we've met so many new friends here.     Thanks E2!
5	Love this place for toddlers and preschoolers.  The $8 is well worth a few hours of fun for my kid, and free coffee for me!  The new house in Bridgeville is very nice.  The indoor sandbox is always my daughter's favorite, especially in winter time.  I love the lack of electronic toys.  All the toys are fun and encourage imagination.  The also sell toys and have quite a nice selection of games and non-electronic toys.You do have to park in a metered lot, but the meters are $0.25 per hour (seriously).
2	I took my 21 month old son here for the first time today.  It's in a house that's been converted into a play space.  We were disappointed overall.  We arrived at 10 AM (their opening time) and the place was locked.  The man running the place showed up at 10:15.  Off to a bad start.  The place is cramped and taking more than one child would be very difficult since the play areas are in different rooms.  You have to basically climb over other parents and kids to get from one room to the other.  It didn't seem very clean though the toys were high quality.  Also, since it's a house, the acoustics are horrible when there are 20 loud children playing.  It can get quite claustrophobic.  It's a shame because it's a good idea in theory but has been executed poorly here.
