5	To celebrate Valentine's Day, I got a Groupon for a couples massage and pedicure for 2 here.  To make a long story short, we wound up actually using this deal in March.When we got to Plush, we were greeted right away by the friendly receptionist, and after a brief wait, introduced to our massage therapists.  We went to the massage room, where two massage tables were placed close together.  There wasn't a lot of extra space for the masseuses to work, but as we would find out, they had enough room.  Before the massage, one of the therapists asked if we had any medical issues or places to concentrate on, and offered upgrades to the standard Swedish massage that came with the deal.  My wife got an upgrade to a therapeutic massage, which was supposed to be deeper.  After the therapist left, we prepared for the massage and got under the sheets on each table.  Everything was very comfortable, and the two gals came back, turned on relaxing music, turned down the lights, and went to work.  Although my massage was not supposed to be deep, I could feel her really kneading the muscles--no need for anything deeper for me!  When I turned over on my back, she placed a cloth over my eye to keep the light out, which I thought was a nice touch.  Throughout, I was always well covered by the sheet, only the parts being worked on being exposed.  After we were done, we were met by the gals who gave us cups of water and told to drink a lot.  I enjoyed the massage...it wasn't so gentle that you could fall asleep, but a good way to loosen up all the muscles.Next we got our pedicures.  For my wife, she got to pick out a nail polish color.  Men just get their nails buffed....unless they want polish.  You sit in the cushy chair that reclines and has the massaging motion built in that you can control, while getting your feet bathed in a little hot jacuzzi of sorts.  After you sit for a bit, the nail gal files and shapes the nails, clipping if necessary, cleaning up the cuticles, and applying lotion and filing down any calluses on the skin.  After all is done, I was left with smooth feet and nails.  I thought everyone did a great job, and was friendly.  The overall place was spacious and clean.  I would recommend this place.  Also, if you go, don't forget to tip, just like a restaurant.  They appreciate customers who show they appreciate a job well done.
1	I planned to use a groupon to have a manicure and pedicure. I scheduled the appointment two weeks ahead. I confirmed my appointment on the day of my spa treatments. In the early afternoon I received a call from the manager/owner and was told they were running behind. I said I totally understand and I could come in 2 hours or so later as they needed. It was not in my very hectic scheduled day with company coming the next day. However, I try to be considerate about small business people trying to make a go of it. Finally, I was looking forward to my treatments when I arrived 15 minutes early as instructed. When I got there the receptionist said I was not on the list, I must have confused the date. I said I hardly think so because I had a message on my phone from the manager to come in 2 hours later. I had called back to confirm and she reassured me I would be taken care of. She called the owner and the owner tried to say the same thing but I was explaining exactly what she said, what time she called and showed her. She was very embarrassed and asked me to settle for another day. It was too late to go to another salon. My company was coming early the next morning so it was a total disaster. It was one of those times I really NEEDED a pedicure and manicure. She said there was nothing she could do because they were extending the day with the list they already had. So I went home, wrote to groupon for a refund, which they kindly gave me and looked up the reviews to see if this happened before. Well, no surprise it had happened before...other people were turned away with appointments. I do have to say the owner offered me a higher level manicure with acrylic polish for another day but that did me no good at the time. I cannot support people who have this mentality. If they cannot keep up with the scheduling of people, can I really trust they keep up with the scheduling of cleaning their spa? This did happen a few months ago so I hope they have solved this problem but I don't have the same excitement about this place. I figure they may have this problem if they have to keep using  the groupon program to get clients. If you cannot count on them even when you confirm, talk to the owner and show up on time, I am not sure what you can say about their integrity.
1	My first visit to this establishment.  Used a Groupon for mani/pedi.  Polish part was ok but she didn't spend much time removing dead skin around the nails and cuticles. didn't clean under the nails.   Was a very quick servicing.  Decided to add an eyebrow wax.  Absolutely horrible.  She didn't pull the skin tight before ripping off the cloth and didn't do that fast enough.  OWWWWW.  Then did a lot of plucking with tweezers.....(kinda thought that was the whole idea for waxing).  All of the wax material was not totally removed which I was unaware of til I got in my car.  My eyelashes kept sticking to it, and it was difficult to blink. Was totally finished in 60 min.  Kinda fast and not enough attention to detail.  Very glad I didn't go there and pay full price!!!
4	I used a Groupon for a mani/ pedi. I was really happy with the results. Kristen really took her time to make sure everything was done nice and neatly. During my pedi she really took her time with the foot massage and removing all dead skin. She was awesome and I look forward to returning soon.
2	I just left this salon after using a groupon to do a shellac mani pedi. the girl who did my nails barely said anything during the entire 2 hours I was there. She also neglected to tell me that they would charge me to take off my shellac nail polish and also for a french manicure. I didn't find out there was an extra charge until my nails were done and I was checking out. the atmosphere was unprofessional with the other coworkers in the shop. The nail tech next to us turned on the jets in the pedi chair before it was completely filled which cause water to spray all over me and my nail tech. my nails turned out okay so I will give 2 stars, but the atmosphere and withholding info about upcharging will keep me from ever returning again.  It was also extremely hard to book an appointment. It took me 3 phone calls to find a time that the tech could work with my schedule. I've had way better.
1	Worst experience ever! Not only were the girls very rude by rolling their eyes the whole time; they accused me of stealing money that was mine! Very unprofessional salon and WE will never go back again. Please spend your money anywhere but here!!!
5	Kristin does my shellac manicures. They last over 3 weeks if I get a french that doesn't show how much it's grown out..plus she's a hoot to talk to. I've been searching for a place that makes it worth my while to invest my time and money in my NAILS (lower maintenance here) and this is it. Bonus, if you pay ahead and buy a package of 2 they will negotiate some smokin deals. This review is only for the front staff and Kristin.
2	My sister and I bought a mani/pedi on groupon to use and while the girls were nice enough, I was very unhappy with the end result of my manicure. They kept pushing the shellac product saying it would last a long time. I understand why they did because my nail polish started coming off after the first day! For as infrequently as I treat myself to this service I expect to have my manicure last longer than a day. I wouldn't go back because I felt the manicure was rushed and the shape they created on my nails was not flattering at all. My sister's toenail polish started coming off after a day or two as well. End result? Nice staff, but I wasn't paying to meet nice people. Was trying to have a nice manicure pedicure done. Overall a very mediocre experience and I wouldn't go back.
2	This place was not professional at all. The manager up front was not very nice and was walking around with her infant the entire time. I don't think it was take your child to work day that day either. However I used a Groupon, maybe thats why I lacked some service? But I thought the Groupon was to have new customers come in and continue to do so. I don't think  I will be returning. First off, I had to book about a week in advance maybe more. Because they said they had no time for my groupon deal. I usually don't book more than 1-day ahead because it depends on when my polish is bad, and when i need a spa day. However I did book in advance, sadly when I went in I was the only customer. So I don't understand why I needed an appointment when the staff was practically free?secondly,  I could not find the place because the address was different than what my directions gave me. 15mins of going in circles I called and got directions on the phone. It was very hot that day probably more than 100. Most GOOD saloons give you water when you come in, but this one did not. I figured that maybe they didn't offer water so I stayed quite, however 5minutes before I was done with my pedicure they asked the 2-women on both sides of me if they wanted water when they had just sat down. I got a gel mani and pedi. The mani wasn't painted all the way to my cuticles so now just about 3-4days after my nails look like they need to be repainted! this should have last 2 weeks not 2-3days. My toes also weren't painted properly, my pinky toe didn't even have polish on half of it. I saw this when I got home, the night before my flight out of town.The place could have potential, but I think the people their talked with such confidence of their saloon they didn't know what they lacked. A good place for them to look would be on the glass window which separates the pedicure areas to the hair saloon. THey had me sit there for my manicure, next to the window. I couldn't help but notice the loads of dust, dirt, and glitter along the wall where I placed my items. Gross.
5	I have been a Plush customer since day 1 of opening their doors in Mesa.  I have watched a new small business turn into a sucessful, well oiled machine!  All of the girls are friendly, professional all the while making you feel like you are part of their family. The salon itself is gorgeous and well manicured with dark stone and warm paint, not something you would expect to find in East Mesa. I am proud to support this local small business and wish it continued success.
4	My husband and I went to Plush Salon and Spa because we had a Groupon for a couples massage and a pedicure. It was a great experience and I recommend the salon for massage and pedicures! The only reason I didn't give them a 5 is because the massage room is small. It was truly remarkable that the 2 massage therapists could maneuver in that room without hitting each other or the walls but they did a great job. The pedicure area was nice because the chairs were on a raised floor so that the nail technicians didn't have to bend over our feet - they could sit on stools and have the feet in front of them. The staff was very professional and friendly. One of the owners checked us in and even though we were using a Groupon, they treated us like gold. I look forward to going back to Plush for another massage and pedicure soon!
5	I used a Groupon and got Kristen, who was great. I think their regular prices are kind of high (add $15 to $30 manicure for gel), but I'll go back with another Groupon. The surroundings were very relaxing. I would make this my regular place with Kristen if they weren't so pricey. My former nail gal charged only $15 for a gel manicure.
4	The salon is nice and plush, but a bit expensive.  They neglect to tell you that they charge $10 to remove shellac or gel.  The downside is that some of the nail techs are good but others are really bad.  It depends who does your mani - pedi, and not knowing the techs makes it a crap shoot.  All in all the Groupon is a good deal.
1	Stupid place! Zero responsibility towards customers. I had a couples massage scheduled a month in advance for our anniversary, and on the D-day when I finally drive here in rush hour for 30 miles And make it in time here, the manager Trish (?) tells me one of the masseurs cancelled. But I called 3 times before coming here on the same day and noone told me anything about it and she tells me I never called them because if I did, someone would have actually told me that. She said i am lying and was very hostile, while I showed her all the calls I made, times and duration on my phone. Apart from being hostile, careless, and accusing me, she topped it off by saying that "these things happen" & the best she can do right now is to reschedule it!! I was thinking I am not sure how you can undo this and there's no way I am going to be stepping back in here again. I am in the process of canceling my groupon by telling them my horrible experience here. This place is so busy (bcs of the groupon deal they had, ratings suck though), I had to call in a month in advance to book these dates for our anniversary and what do I get in return in addition to not being able to give my gf her gift for our anniversary, a resechedule in another month? Isn't it the responsibility of the management to make sure someone else covers for a particular masseuers absence? Or is it right to blame, ridicule and accuse the customers for it? What good is the reschedule if I cannot use the service when I need it most ( gift to gf on anniversary)? Plus I had biked 30 miles just because I knew I was getting a massage that day. I went home sore, hurt, scarred, ridiculed and disappointed. It hurts to see people act like this. She also claims they left me a message, which I never got. And even if at all they did (on someone's number) how come noone told me anything when i called 3 times on the day saying I am coming in, because I fear for such things to happen. On top of that she says I was lying even though I showed her my phone records. Anyway I was thoroughly shocked when I entered the place, looked like no spa, looked more like a local manicure joint, am glad I didn't have to put my body in their hands ( for whatever way the events turned out). Wish I could give negative ratings
4	Love this place! I have bleached hair and i always go there to get my roots done. I agree with someone elses  post tho, the manager at the front counter is rude but everyone else there is super nice. My hair always ends up feeling so healthy after i leave this place even after all the damage i do to my hair. One girl even taught me how to touch up my roots myself to save money. So, i only go there now to be pampered :) give this place a try before you judge!
1	Wow sad to say my experience this time was complete crap. Where to even begin haha, well I came in to get a new hair color(I am platinum blonde And I wanted to go a Carmel brown) She said she was goin to do an all over foil with the caramel color throughout my hair, that way I will still have some of the blonde hair that was already still in my hair. When she was washing the color out, she used a toner to tone down the blonde I still had in my hair. Well the first toner didnt even work, so she used another type of toner, still didn't  even work. So, she just ended up drying my hair as is. It looked pretty nice, I liked it. She offered to add more caramel colors to it so I said yes. I think she expected me to say no because she was like "oh well, we already did so much today, maybe you should schedule another appointment with me and we can just continue then." Ummm okay??? Why did you even offer then? So when I went to pay, she said it was 140 dollars. I thought to myself that couldn't be right because it didn't seem like she did that much work for it to be that much money. I asked her why it was that much and she said "we colored your hair one whole color then added highlights and toned your hair twice" She ended up charging my for the toners that didn't even work on my hair, which is fine I guess. But she never colored my hair one color then highlighted it. She did a foil on my head with the caramel color, the highlights that were in my hair were from the blonde hair I had when I originally walked into the salon. I looked online and for a full foil on your hair, it's 80 bucks not 140. I wouldn't mind paying so much for my hair if she ended up putting all that work in but she didn't. She completely over changed me for services she never did. I told her that and of course she got all snippy and threw a fit. I just paid it and tossed a 20 dollar tip her way, which she didn't deserve. I'm not coming back here ever and unless you like being over charged for things your stylists didn't do then you should avoid this place too.
2	At check in I waited 10 min. before being acknowledged. Rude staff and services not worth the money. No pampering at all...very quick manicure & pedicure that was less than a good job. Salon is dirty and lacks style. Floors, fans, pedicure tubs were filthy. Not worth going back....even with a Groupon.
5	I had 2 stylists from Plush come to our wedding site for 8 up-dos and couldn't have been more happy. Reasonably priced, friendly, professional and STUNNING styles for me and my bridesmaids. One of my ladies had just been married herself and wished she'd had these stylists instead of her own since her hair looked so good. Another got victory rolls in her hair that looked amazing. My hair stayed in perfect place all night and was ideal for photos. I highly recommend these women!
2	I bought a Groupon to experience this salon  for the spa manicure and pedicure before I commit to full price. When I called to schedule an appointment they were more than a week out, which is fine, but when I got to the salon for my long awaited appointment on a Saturday morning there were absolutely no other customers there and three stylists on their phones with other stylists walking in and talking in the back. In addition, my spa manicure was hardly a spa experience. The polish selection is very slim. There was just the removal of nail polish, filing, buffing and then the polish and we were done! No soaking, no delicious massage, I could have done better on my own! Then on to the pedicure, the massage chairs don't even have massage rollers, just annoying vibrations in one spot and you are put in a separate room with no entertainment. At least during the pedicure I received scrub and lotion massage, then the polish. Keep in mind, by this time (an hour later) only one or two other customers arrived. To top it all off, in order to leave a tip on my card, they charge $2! Lets just say I'm definitely not going to this salon again. I am going to stick to what I know best - Posh Nails.
1	OUT OF BUSINESS! And I still had a voucher for a pedicure there. Stinkers... I'm not surprised, as the ambience, customer service, and pedicures were all pretty low quality.
1	Not surprised they closed. They never had any other customers when I was in the salon. The up front staff was not cordial or inviting.  The services were so-so and not what you would expect in an upscale salon.
4	I really liked Plush. I took my mom here on mother's day for facials. The esthetician (I forget her name) was very sweet. She listened to what both of us wanted and personalized the treatments accordingly. I thought the price was very reasonable for service. I do have one complaint however. I had asked her to concentrate on my blackheads but she did leave a few stray ones.
