5	Holy Mother of God! If you share your home with a four-footed creature, this place will be your new Disneyland! The owner of Halo turned me on to this place a couple of weeks ago and I finally made my trip over. It's not your typical shopping experience, so if you are faint hearted, don't even attempt it during the warmer months!This place wholesales to pet stores and service providers, but as they are a locally owned and family run establishment, they open up their warehouse to the general public. Basically, you get to go rummage around their warehouse, along with their workers who are pulling huge orders, and fill up your basket or cart with anything you can imagine that is pet related (except for food). I mean good lord, I didn't even know they made facial scrub products for dogs and had no clue that they had specialty shampoos for red heads, blondes, and brunettes!!!But let's take a tour of my cart:tennis ball squeaky bone - checkchicken jerky  - checkchicken rice balls - checkodor eliminator candles - checkhappy bunny buffs - check (oh yeah these rock)window kitty bed - checkcase of greenie things - checkremote controlled citronella training collar - checkhorribly embarrassing foo foo collar decoration - checkHere are few things you should know before you go:1) There is a $25 minimum purchase (not sure if that is the same on line).2) Every single one of their products is on their website or in their catalog and that is where you will find pricing info.3) They have tiered pricing, so if you are buying one of an item, you will pay the highest amount. Each item has a "bulk" price which kicks in when you buy 3 to 12 of that item (depending on the product).4) Prices ROCK, even the highest price is about 20% less than the big box pet stores and as much as 50% less than the boutiques. I went to look for a spray training collar (the non-shock kind) for my youngest dog and it was literally 60% less than the best price I could find anywhere else.5) You have to put it together... if you are buying a crate or carrier, they will get it to your car, but  you have to assemble it yourself.6) They have two full walls covered with clearance items that you will never see on line or in a catalogue.7) This place is only open Monday through Friday from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., but phone and web orders can be picked up until 5:00 p.m.8) The warehouse is cooled by coolers and was hotter than a son of a bitch when I was there. Industrial fans be damned... nothing is going to make you cooler - but a deal is a deal. Go in the cooler months and stock up, or shop on line.  http://www.ryanspet.com/ryanspet/default.asp?The staff is INCREDIBLY nice (especially considering that they must be rattled by the heat during the summer). As you are wandering the aisles, they make sure you know they are there to answer questions, pull box, help you find a specific item, etc.They also have a sharpening service in their sister building, where you can get your shears spiffed up for a reasonable price.Seriously this place is a must go for anyone that feels compelled to spoil their four-footed companions. Let's just say that I was almost crushed when I broke out the bags and I didn't have to have a good cry on the way home for spending too much!
5	Been shopping Ryan's Pet Supplies for last 5 years, best bet in town, great, helpfull staffsave your time and go to the best!Matt C.
5	You can order online (which I find a pain and never do) or go to the store directly. It's like a big warehouse that you wander through trying to find what you want. I do admit to being frustrated sometimes trying to find certain items. The staff is friendly. I never have any problems ordering from the phone and if something needs returned I've never had a problem. The nicest  thing about Ryan's is they have the BEST prices on pet products hands down that I have seen.
4	yup, this place is awesome! I finally went yesterday and here's what I got for $78 plus a free bag of treats-big bag of chicken jerky-TiGi shampoo for curly haired pups- a comb- breath freshener- puppy diapers(my sister will only babysit my dogs if they wear these, lol!) -and a huge economic pack of pee pads. Here is everything my friend got for $180 plus free bag of treats- dog crate(75 pound dog)- new toys- huge bones/rawhide- the long stick thing that throws the balls for you, i dont know the name lol- economy size shampoo- economy pack of beggin strips- breath freshener- brush and comb- 6ft leash-food and water bowl they only get four stars bc the hours are super difficult, we had to schedule time off work to go (they close at 4 and aren't open on weekends), and because the prices aren't listed on anything so you have to constantly flip through this huge catalog to find prices. but, it is so worth it, especially if you have big items to purchase.
4	Fido crapped in the corner? Fifi stinks? Comet chewed up his leash again? Tired of spending obscene amounts at the local Petco/PetSmart joints? If you answered Yes to any of those then head down to Ryan's.Its not fancy and totally a warehouse. No fancy shmancy shelves here, just bare bones metal racks filled with a ton of various products for your pets. But of course if you wanted nice racks you'd gone to Petco, no? (Or perhaps Barcelona, but its a different story outright)So, anyhow. Stuff there is about 40-60% less then local pet store and they do have a large inventory.  Only crappy thing is that they do not have each item labeled with price and you have to rampage through free catalog to figure it out or be like me and say "Fuck it! Can not be THAT much!" and walk out with over $100 worth of doggie stuff. But who cares, right? You did save a bunch of money over pet store. Check it out if you get chance (Make a point to) you will not walk away disappointed.
4	Ryan's is a great place to buy pet supplies. I like the fact that it is set up like a warehouse. No sales people bugging me when I just want to look. There are people there to help you find stuff when you need them. They also carry heavy items to the front for you. I would give it 5 stars, but it's too far from where I live to be convenient. I wish there was another location further north!
4	as a pet owner and dog groomer i come to ryans for nearly all of my pet and professional needs. cheap, wholesale prices, large selection, and friendly and helpful staff keep me coming back.the warehouse is open from 8-4:30 m-f which is kind of a bummer because that is the average joe's work schedule and it might be hard for many people to get here during that time. luckily, i have days off during the week so visiting ryans is usually convenient for me. it's huge inside and you might get lost, but have a catalog handy and there are plenty of people walking around to help you find what you're looking for. you must purchase at least $25 worth of items from them each time you shop to keep the "cost low" for them. it's not very hard to do so it doesn't bother me much. they have everything for your pet you can imagine and all at reasonable prices. toys, clothes, leashes, brushes, shampoo, cologne, treats, all about 20% cheaper than your retail pet stores. you bring all your stuff to the front counter and the lady with foot long nails assists in checking you out. wam bam thank you ma'am.ryans also has a blade/shear sharpening and grooming equipment repair part to it (the side on the right). i always bring all of my grooming stuff here for them to fix/sharpen and usually they can have it back to me in a day or two. they do a good job too. they also have lots of "left over" blades and shears that people left there that you can get at half the price of a new one. i got a pair of $70 shears for $30, and a $30 blade for $12. freaking sweet!i love ryans pet supply and will continue to give them my business over any other chain pet supply store.
5	there really isn't much to say about this place that hasn't been said in justified prose already, so here's a bullet list.-SUPER CHEAP.-just about everything dog-related except for food.-$25 minimum on walk-in orders.-super friendly staff!
5	I'm so happy to have found this place. And it's in my neighborhood! Everything is very reasonably priced and the staff was very helpful. My little maltese mix is quite a chewer which means I'm always having to buy new toys. I've saved a bundle here! I've even purchased a toy for $3 that I've seen for $15 - $20 at the pet store. They have a huge assortment of toys, grooming products and treats so you'll have no problem spending the required $25.
5	After finding Ryan's on yelp I decided to check it out.  First off I was a little thrown off at walking through the warehouse but they have super helpful and friendly staff!  I FINALLY found a leash a collar set I adore and at $15 (after tax) for them you can't beat it!  I scored a great collection of new toys, an AWESOME set of nail clippers and a very useful travel dog water/food dish all for $38!I will be making trips there regularly.
4	Having a new puppy requires lots of supplies and lots of cash if you shop at Petsmart. I like Petsmart and will still go there for food and grooming, but our dog trainer told us about Ryan's and my first visit made me a fan. I was unsure at first and had to ask about the "rules" like no purses allowed- they lock em up in a cage behind the registers and give you a number to retrieve them later. Also there's a $25 minimum so don't go unless you need a few things. And the catalog is king. Prices aren't marked on items only listed in the catalog.I shopped blind (just got what I wanted without consulting the catalog) and spent a little more than I had anticipated, but it would have been a heckova lot more at any retail pet place. I grabbed a catalog to look through for next time and felt pretty good about my future with Ryan's.
5	Ditto to all the praises below. Awesome prices, friendly staff, huge selection. The 1st time at Ryan's can be a little freaky, don't be afraid though. When you 1st walk into the warehouse, you will immediately have the feeling of "I think I'm somewhere I shouldn't be..." ignore that feeling and just keep walking :)
5	This place is fantastic! I got toys for my pup for less than half of what they cost in a pet supermarket. I also picked up some supplements, bowls and toothpaste for unbelievable prices. You must purchase a minimum of $25.00 worth of goodies, but it is well worth it. Your dollar really goes far here! I will be back soon and will bring Bronco with me so he can pick his favorite things. Thanks Ryans!
4	In a world filled with Petsmarts and Petcos, where they charge more than $10 for a tiny stuffed animal that my dogs will destroy in less than half an hour, Ryan's Pet Supply is the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. Phoenix should be thanking it's lucky stars that this wonderful website's warehouse is so close by. Think of Ryan's as a Costco for pets. The more you buy the better the deal. I go every three months or so to stock up on treats, teeth wipes, treats and accessories. The aisles can be difficult to maneuver but the guys there filling online orders are super nice and are happy to show you where to find things. Helpful tip: Carry your catalog with you. Prices are not displayed.The people at the registers sometimes seem rushed but they are really nice. Oh, and leave your giant purse or backpack behind. They won't let you take it back into the warehouse but will let you check it at the front desk. Bring your wallet though. They have a $25 minimum purchase but I've never gotten out of there under $100.Go to Ryan's if you have dogs to spoil. I know I have 24 squeaker balls to show for my last visit.Only one negative - I went there three times looking to purchase a gate to keep my Boxer mix and Mastiff mix out of one part of the house and Ryan's didn't have it. Ended up buying it online from another retail. Moral of the story: call before if you want to buy a bigger ticket item.
1	Good prices but this please is honestly not worth the hassle. First of all you have to leave your purse at the counter. I am not comfortable doing that anywhere. Who does that? The only place I have ever seen this before was ASU's bookstore. Then you walk in this warehouse that has NO air conditioning!!! I made the mistake of going yesterday in the middle of the day (111 degrees out, yikes!) Then you get inside and you have to carry a catalog to refer to for prices since items are unmarked in large boxes. If they had a/c it would have been worth it to save a few bucks on the toys my dog destroys in minutes but no air conditioning??? IN ARIZONA?? Madness!
4	Holy cow.  I can't believe how lucky I was to have found this place!I think the majority of their business is mail-order driven, but the retail location is PHENOMENAL.  You enter through what appears to be their offices and go through a side door into the warehouse area.It's a good idea to have a copy of their catalog and some item numbers ready to go before entering.  There isn't too much to window shop in the warehouse.  All the staff members are very knowledgeable about everything they have there.  I asked a random staff member about where I could find a certain item number and he replied with "oh, the auto pet barrier?".  I was stunned that he knew what it was off the top of his head.  The place is HUGE.I wish they carried food though...
4	I'm a big fan of this place.  I love the wholesale prices and I save a ton of money here.  I go through so many pet supplies for our Pet Care business (potty bags, wipes, medical supplies, toys, etc....).  I recommend it to each and every one of my dog owning clients.The cons are the no air conditioning, and the $25 minimum purchase.  Also, I have made numerous trips to find that what I wanted was out of stock.  However, they usually get it within a week.  Overall, a great place with great prices.
5	i love this place! after dealing with petedge ryans pet has now officially became our main wholesale place! high five!their repair center is awesome. their prices are great! and well they are awesome in every way! can't complain much.. here!
5	It takes a lot to keep the well-oiled machine that is Horse Dog (aka my pet great dane) running smoothly. Horse Dog goes though dog beds about every month or so, and he requires state-of-the-art industrial toys, as he can destroy anything (including tires, couch cushions or shoes) in a matter of seconds. Just when I thought that Horse Dog was also going to consume my wallet as a result of his high-priced needs, I drove by Ryan's Pet Supplies and decided to stop in. Wholesale? Pet Supplies? In a world of overpriced PETCOs and PetSmarts, this place is now my savior.Since their warehouse is Home Depot sized, things were a little bit hard to find at first. I was overwhelmed by aisle after aisle of boxes stacked on shelves towering to the celling. Luckily the staff members here are incredibly helpful, knowledgeable and accessible. They were more than happy to guide me through the store, answer my questions and open / search through box after box until I found exactly what I wanted. Ultimately I decided to purchase a massive human femur sized dog bone for only $9, and a giant industrial rope knot for a mere $8. My jaw dropped when the casher rang me up for a whopping grand total of $17. I would have spent well over $50 had I purchased these two items elsewhere.  And it gets even better. Ryan's also has a catalog, so I can call ahead and phone in my order. It's like take-out for dog supplies. Plus if they don't have what your looking for, they can get it for you within a weeks time so you don't have to waste a trip there. Also, as a note to the ladies (or men too if you've got your murse in tow), they don't allow purses or bags of any kind into the warehouse. I didn't know this the first time I walked in, so they flagged me down upon my entrance. They lock your purses up in little cages, or they say you can leave it in your car...but um hello...have you seen that area?! So it's perfectly safe under the watchful eye of the cashiers. And if you seriously think that these employees are going to steal something from your purse, that they lock in a cage, in area equipped with video cameras, then you are overly paranoid.   Ryan's is the king of pet stores, and I'm one happy dog owner because of it.
5	I love love love Ryan's.  It is my favorite place ever and you can get SOO much stuff there for a whole lot cheaper than anywhere else.  They do have a minimum order of $25, but obviously when you are in Toys r us for dogs, you can accomplish that in no time!!
5	Ryan's Pet supplies has it all, and is essentially the canine version of Disneyland.When I first got my four-legged BFF, I was given a tip that there was a place that had dog gear nearly thirty percent less than the typical stores.The store is centrally located on McDowell Road, and while the area is not exactly DC Ranch, you are not in the ghetto, and you will be perfectly safe even if you don't own an AR-15.It is really important to note that Ryan's is set up as an internet order place, NOT as a retail store. This explains why the business does a few things differently than regular retail. Purses/bags either need to be left in your car, or the store will lock them up in the front. I recommend you bring your purse/bag inside, the staff is cool, and they will lock it up for you. While this may be an inconvenience , the price difference will easily make up for any hiccups.The second tip that will save you time/energy is to know what you wish to purchase, and know how much it will cost. As mentioned before, it is a warehouse, and items are not labeled with price, it's a huge warehouse setup. They have catalogs all over the place to check prices, but my recommendation is to bring your catalog with pages marked of the stuff you want. The staff is super friendly, and will help you with where things are at. It's not always easy to know who works there, but you will figure it out, they're usually pushing metal carts, basically fulfilling online orders by pulling merchandise from the bins.While you're here, you will find toys, brushes, shampoos, snacks, you name it! The prices are very very good, and you will be happily surprised at the difference between the other guys and Ryan's. Don't miss the kong squeaky toy line, they have fun squeaky toys that are hard to break. Also, the fleecy rope toys are great for dogs teeth, and keep them fresh and so clean clean. Avoid any rope toys, they can break down and when dogs eat them, they can do big time damage to stomach, GI etc.Happy shopping, and lastly you CAN bring in your dog and have a helper while you shop.
5	Ryan's isn't exactly a secret but I didn't know about it until recently. Any phx pet owner really should know about this warehouse. Why pay twice as much for a crate, leash, toy, etc at a normal store? Besdies food and some specialty items, I will buy everything here from now on!
5	Put it simple....Big warehouse for pets. Awsome deals. Huge selection. YOU HAVE GOT TO CHECK THIS PLACE OUT.
5	Cheap prices with fast shipping and friendly phone service. I happen to go through a LOT of toys due to my dog's need to rip out their entrails in 2 minutes or less. Also, I get his glucosamine supplements here for about 50% off what I was paying retail. Awesome!
4	Super confusing to find anything at the store, but they do have rock bottom prices which makes it worth the hassle. If you have the time, you can save at least 30% off of Petsmart prices by shopping here. They have everything your dog needs- EXCEPT food. They sell treats, toys, tons of grooming supplies, collars, leashes, etc. Once you get oriented, this store is a great way to save money on pet supplies.
5	Totally AMAZING pet supply! Wholesale prices to the public and super friendly staff! It's a bit overwhelming the first time you go so expect to spend some time there - you can call to request a catalog or go online to price items since the items in the warehouse are not priced (and yes, they accept credit cards). They are always busy so many times items are missing but they are constantly restocking the shelves. I priced the same items at Petsmart for $220, on Amazon for $125, and paid $85 at Ryan's.
5	Ryan's is awesome! This is a large warehouse that is located in Phoenix for their catalog sales. Keeping that in mind, it is set up for their employees to pull product, not for customers. However, I always make sure I have plenty of time to walk the isles, finding all sorts of fun stuff for my pets. The staff is friendly and will readily help you find what you are searching for. The prices make the small inconveniences totally worth the trip!helpful hints:*all bags and purses must remain outside the warehouse. Staff will secure your bags for you.*there is a minimum $25 purchase.*there is no heating or cooling in the warehouse, so plan accordingly.*a map of the warehouse and a catalog is available.*catalog sales are their priority, so be patient if the phones get busy during checkout.If you keep these few notes in mind, Ryan's is by far the best place to purchase pet supplies.
5	Best place ever to find your pet supplies - wholesale pricing  and you can bring your pet. Since many of the toys are down at Kona's eye level, he likes to pick out his own stuff.   Friendly staffYou can save a bundle here!
5	Been going here for years, but just made a big run as we have a new pup.   The prices are absolutely terrific.
5	This place is fantastic and cheap compared to big box stores.  Careful, though, of the Coscto effect: you walk in there with intention to buy one thing but end up with a whole cart of stuff for your pets. :) Very friendly staff.  We will be back for all of our needs.  Just went today to buy puppy post-surgery no chew collar.  They had a wide selection at greatly reduced prices.
5	This place is phenomenal. Hands down.My trainer recommended this place to me for some inexpensive pet supplies and handed me a catalog. She warned me that this is a warehouse, so don't go here expecting a pet resort type store.When you walk in, they take your purse and put it in a locker and then give you a card to retrieve it when you're leaving. It was my first experience there, so I wasn't sure where to go, but all of the employees were really friendly and eager to help!Walking through this place is dangerous. I came in to buy a play pen and a hammock for my car, but left with a basket full of toys and treats! The prices are unbeatable. I found out from an employee there that you can call in your order from the catalog. The catalogs are free, so you call the store, give them your order, and it's ready for pick up in about 2 hours! This is a huge plus since items are sometimes hard to find. I highly recommend this place for all of your pet supplies!
5	Ryans is a such a great find! They have animal products for such a cheap price and the more you buy the more you can save! There is a minimum 25 dollar purchase but i always....ALWAYS spend more because there is so much stuff for such a good price. The place is setup like a warehouse..because it is....and isn't the prettiest place I have ever shopped but for the prices..you deal.  I keep coming back!
5	As a first time puppy owner, you buy too much to figure out what you need.  What I am glad to have bought here:1.  Grandma's Bitter Apple Spray (only used it a few times to keep the pups from chewing wires and furniture legs but glad to have it on hand)2.  Pizzles (Costco is cheaper by bulk)3.  Nature's Miracle (my godson had a bloody nose on the dog beds, and this worked better than Resolve.. I'm going to start using it on my clothes.  Also use it inside the kennels post rinse.) 4.  if you like Kongs and its snacks, best pricing here5.  The large tufted bedding, it's machine washable and b/c I get the larger sizes, it doesn't throw my washing machine off balance.6.  Really HUGE cow leg bones or knuckles (search hard).  I have them cut into 2-3 pieces at home, pups gnaw on them forever.
4	I went to Ryan's for the first time on this past Friday. I had been pricing crates for our new large puppy. Boy are they expensive!!!!!!!. Even on Craigslist, people were asking for $75-$150 for USED crates. When I went to Ryan's I found a BRAND NEW metal crate  XL for $73.00!!!!!!!!!! I was so impressed. The guys even helped me get into my tiny car!!!!! Only problem with the crate was that the plastic tray was not in the box !!! PROS: Great customer service! Super prices! Convenient location!CONS: I simply HATE the hours!!!!! 8:30-4:30 PM. M-F, (tomorrow I have to call my boss and say I will be late so I can get the piece that was missing from the box, can't get there before 4:30 )
1	I used to love them, then they sent me a pair of dull shears. Then they sent  me a new pair , but it only took 2months to send me a new pair to the wrong address mind you. So decided to buy from someplace else.  Just got the new shears and am sending them back but  I HAVE TONPAY THENSHIPPING ON THEIR CRAP......  I'm through with ryans  and there's obnoxious shit....
5	Best kept secret on pet supplies in Phx.  Those hair combs that pull out your pet's extra fur...the furminator i think it's called...1/2 the price in here compared with the regular pet stores.  The staff is very helpful too if you're looking for a specific item!  They have a catalog you can look thru as well, which seemed to help me a lot as this place is a warehouse, not really a store!
4	Ryan's is the best place to go if you want pet supplies for cheap.  For example, my dog's favorite Kong toy (the wubba) costs around $15 at average pet stores.  At Ryan's, I can get it for half that.   The selection is awesome.  If you want variety, look no further!  Overall, it's a pretty awesome place and you're bound to walk out with a ton of stuff. There are 3 reasons I took off a star-- One, the hours.  They're only open M-F 9-5.   Since many people work those same hours, including myself, that makes it really difficult to get out there.  If I want to go to Ryan's it has to be a planned outing that I take time off for, which means I don't get there as often as I would like.  Second, in the summer time it gets really hot in their warehouse.  There is so much to look through that you'll likely be spending a lot of time on your visit, and this gets really uncomfortable in the AZ heat, so maybe it would be wise for them to invest in a better cooling system.  And lastly, they have a $20 minimum purchase policy.  Granted It's usually not very hard to get to $20, but if all I really want is a kong toy, I then have to scrounge around and buy stuff I don't really need to reach the minimum.  So aside from those minor negatives, Ryan's is great.  Wish the hours were better so I could get there more often!
2	I'll preface this with the fact that I am biased AGAINST businesses that have limited hours. I work night shift and it is already hard enough to wake up late and do errands in the limited time places are open, to include doctor visits. At least with a doctor I can understand their hours - who is going to go get a surgery at 8pm? Nobody. BUt I do believe that if you have a business that is selling goods to the public that it is good business practice to stay open at least past rush-hour so that people can get off work and come in and shop.With that said, I got to Ryan's at 4:32pm after driving from south, southern chandler (south of the Chandler Fashion Mall) and going 10mph on the highway. I walked in 2 minutes after they closed (by my watch) and didn't even think that they would be closed. I zipped into the showroom not even thinking that a pet store would be closing at 4:30 and I had the worker behind the counter yelling at me as I went in, "excuse me sir, we are closed." No eye contact. No sorry.I needed one item.I used to work retail. I know how it is to have that customer come in 1 minute before you close... and 1 minute after you close. I was that supervisor that had to tell them to  hurry up or come back the next day. But I feel that I did it with courtesy and understanding in how I  ran my store and what I could do within reason. I never, ever snapped at someone and just gave them some blanket statement that we were closed and insinuated to leave without even eye contact.I am pretty sure that I wasn't the only customer there - I could have easily grabbed my item and left before they did. But at the tone that I got... I didn't even want to ask if I could get in and get out.So I am lost of what to say. I can't really judge the store itself or the prices... because I barely got past the front door. What I can judge it on is their customer service, their attitude, and their store policy. For this, I give them low rankings. I do understand they have hours that they need to maintain... but they could have at least been nice about it.Furthermore, there is little-to-no need for me to wreck my schedule just so I can come in and visit their store during their limited business hours. I'll shop elsewhere.
5	Ryans pet supply has a wonderful staff in the repair shop. The best customer service in town.
2	Did not live up to the hype.We went looking for those "intelligent" dog toys... you know, the puzzle type deals where they have to figure it out to get the treats. They listed about a dozen of them on their website.The girl at the front looked like she was about to leap the counter and chase me down, because we headed into the warehouse and I didn't hear her go "Ma'am? Ma'am?!"  the first time. (GRAH, don't call me "ma'am", I'm only 21, dammit!)   When I did hear her and turn around, she told me I had to leave my purse up front, which REALLY, REALLY ticked me off. I carry a very expensive bag and it usually has a very expensive phone and wallet full of cash in it. I do not let it out of my sight, ever. Ask any girl - being asked to leave your purse with someone just makes us uncomfortable. Aside to the owner/managers:Dear Ryan's, I'm sorry you have been stolen from, but that's a hard fact of retail business. Maybe 1 in 500 people will steal and it's not as big a deal as you're making it out to be, ya cheapskates. You can absorb a $3 toy here and there. It's really insulting to be treated as untrustworthy and a criminal when you haven't done anything.(The purse bit set the tone for the whole trip). The place was very dim (I know it's a warehouse, but it shouldn't be a 2/5 on the light intensity scale).The prices were maybe $1.50 below retail stores at the most. It really wasn't worth the drive for us to save that... If you live 10 minutes away, sure. There were a ton of business-dressed shoppers who seemed miffed at my dog being with us (ew, dog hair in the air!), and at one point we were down an aisle and turned to see about 5 shoppers and employees all standing at the entrance, staring at us. I felt like I was in Children of the Corn, when the girl turns to see all the kids murderously watching her.... It was super creepy.80% of the stock was stuffed toys and dog clothing. My dog's mouthiness and chewing power would make a great white shark jealous, and he needs tough toys... A stuffed skunk ain't gonna cut it. I saw nothing truly suitable, unless we somehow missed it (and we walked through twice).To top it off, they only carried 3 of the puzzle type toys, when they showed a dozen on their website. Nothing like driving to central Phoenix from Scottsdale and not having what you came for. Again, we looked everywhere in the warehouse and didn't see any more.We left with the "Dog Tornado" (which is quite fun) and a knotted rope that looked pretty tough, but my dog has had it for about 30 minutes and has chewed halfway through the knot in the middle... Le sigh.
1	Traveling all the way from Chandler to this place to find out for myself the greatness as advertised AND... we walk in at 4:25 and begin to look and are informed "We are closed now. Thank you. We will give you a catalog and we will ship to you."  As we explained we just traveled 30 miles to get here AND one of us traveled from California, we were given, "We are closed at 4:30.  Thank you."Really?  We couldn't take five minutes to get to shears which is what we went for.  Nope.  This place didn't want our business.  They were closed.  (five minutes early.)I won't go back.  Lots of places sell pet supplies and I don't need to go here again.
5	Ryan's is AWESOME! They have really cool products at even better prices! Next time you're at another pet store and you see something that you like there, make sure you check out Ryan's Pet Supplies first. They will most likely have it at an even cheaper price. They even carry their own brand name shampoo and  grooming supplies which is also nice. Everyone there is super friendly and very knowledgeable. Jodie is always so cheerful and quick to check me out when I'm in a hurry. Monica is always a pleasure to work with for she always keeps me up to date with all of my order status' and the payment options that are available to me. I can also always count on Phyllis to give me helpful grooming tips as well. Check 'em out for yourself and see!
4	I was introduced to Ryan's many years ago when I needed a crate. And while I was thrilled with the price and how quickly they shipped, I had forgotten all about them.Until this week - I found myself in need of yet another doggie bed (mine treats hers as a chew toy), and happened to notice Ryan's building on my way to work. Funny how the Universe puts things in front of you - I have driven this way 5X per week for over two years - and JUST noticed it!Other reviews are correct - limited business hours, poor air temperature control in the warehouse, purse/bag/backpack check in front room. $25 minimum purchase for walk in customers.And if you go in knowing this - none of it is a big deal!What is the big deal about this place? I got a large new dog bed, a choke chain and FIVE new toys for less than other pet retailers wanted for just the bed. It really is 25-50% off retail consistently.Next time, I will plan on leaving more time to explore and pick out lots of treats for my bed destroying sweetheart. Collars and leashes. Treats and beds. Shampoos and toys. This place has everything but the food!
2	I was very disappointed with my last 2 orders: ordered sheepskin roll for a welping box 60x60''. the size of the roll supposed to be 60X216 but arrived 60x154. So  i ended up with 2 mats instead of 3 for $129, super expensive :(My last ordered of esbilac for new born puppies been canceled inspite of my returned e-mail since whoever i spoke to on a phone didn't bother to update billing information. Now little puppies have to suffer and i need to figure out what to feed them till next week (hopefully Ryan's shipped the order)I am the owner of grooming salon and used to order a lot from Ryan's but doing less and less of that because of numeral mistakes with past orders too.
4	This warehouse is great! Awesome pricing and selection! I have been looking everywhere for an XL crate for my new Rottie. Petsmart and Petco wanted around $200+ for the size I needed and Craig's list didn't have much of a selection at the time I was looking for used ones... but even then they were still asking over $100. I went to Ryan's and found the one I wanted  immediately  for only $90! The people at checkout were nice and welcoming, but it did take awhile for someone to come help me load the massive crate into my car. I will definitely be recommending this place to my friends with pups!
4	As has been stated, Ryan's is a warehouse, not a retail store. You can shop there, but it's still geared primarily for pulling product for shipment. So, don't expect the typical corporate retail service. But I have always found the staff to be helpful If you approach them. It's much better to know what you want from the catalog before you get there. It's not incredibly browsable because, again, warehouse. Not like Costco. A real warehouse. The warehouse is clearly evap cooled so it can get sticky in there if it's humid or really hot outside. Did I mention it's a warehouse? But the savings are legit. I have seen the same products (not similar, the same) sold at pet stores around town for twice as much or more. Bought a nice large folding soft-sided traveling crate for my dog here for $90. Recently saw the same crate at another store for $250. This morning I bought 300 poop bags and a bag full of plush toys for my dogs for $54, tax included. If you can get over the fact that the staff isn't going to fawn all over you and you're shopping in a warehouse, you can save real money on quality per products.
5	My wife and I have three dogs! A one year old German shepherd mix, a one year pitbill mix, and a 12 weeks old shar pei mix! We love going to Ryan's to get things for our little pack!It is a warehouse packed with pet supplies! What could be better?! The staff is very friendly and eager to help. They also have any type of toy, crate, outfit, whatever your pet needs are! I recommend Ryan's to anyone who loves well priced pet supplies. Because being a pet owner is not always cheap!
1	I have to down vote this business for a terrible customer service experience. On a blazing hot Friday afternoon I left work early and drove all the way down to McDowell to pick up some toys for my dog. I walked up and saw the posted hours-- 4:30pm close, and my watch was just about at 4:30. I reached to open the door, unsure if it would be locked-- to my pleasant surprise, it was still open, I was so excited. The cashiers allowed me to head back to the warehouse-- again, I was relieved! I made a beeline for the toys and just a few feet before I reached them one of the workers pops out, literally stands in the middle of the aisle with his arms crossed (as if I were trying get backstage at a concert), and tells me the business is closed and that I had to leave. I told him that I just needed to grab a couple of toys, that I would need 2 minutes (under the circumstances, I would have been quick), but he wouldn't let me pass. When I politely persisted he asked me what toys I was interested in, and told me he would get them for me. I told him that I couldn't possibly know what they had in stock and that I just needed to visually see what they had (and how the heck do you describe some of these dog toys anyway??). No dice, he told me that I had to go. Really?? Inflexible, embarrassing, and a total wasted trip. I was steamed. Rather than ask for a manager when I was agitated, I decided to drive home and email customer service. They emailed back the following Monday and told me, essentially, the employee did was he was supposed to do, blaming it on concern for customer safety with all of the heavy equipment they utilize after hours in the warehouse. Mind you that I had been let in building, that nobody stopped me from entering the warehouse, that it had maybe just turned 4:30, that there were other customers there, that there was no heavy equipment in sight and that I had asked for 2 minutes. They were perfectly fine with their employee telling me that I had to leave, and they made no effort to keep a repeat customer.Bummer, I was so excited to learn of Ryan's Pet Supplies a couple of years ago-- and indeed, they have a great selection at terrific prices, I considered it worth the burden of driving into a bad area with restricted hours. I had given them all of my business ever since. Now I will never go back again, and I will let everyone know that Ryan's Pet Supplies couldn't care less about their customers.
4	I like this place.I found out about Ryan's a couple of years ago and this is my go-to place for when I need certain pet products and want to save some money.  My girlfriend and I have great danes so when we were able to get a massive crate here for way less than other retailers wanted, we jumped on it.  If you have never been here it can be a little weird the first time.  Nothing is really labeled, though they finally put up category signs on the aisles so you at least know roughly where to go.  They have catalogs there that you can look at to find the prices of the products (nothing is labeled on the shelves) and you literally pull things out of bins.  That being said, this is a great place to come for dog toys.  You can get a ton of toys on the cheap that are the same quality as other major retailers.  They do not sell food here but you can pick up treats if needed.  They also have a better selection of muzzles than Petsmart and Petco do.  If you haven't been here before, check out their website to get an idea of what they have before you come down.  It is a warehouse so be prepared that it is not air conditioned and can be a little muggy when you go in there.The staff is typically friendly whenever I have been here.  I have not utilized the website as far as ordering but I do use it to compare products to other online stores.  If you have pets, I definitely recommend checking this place out.
5	I dropped off some shears for my girlfriend and they seemed to be pretty good people despite me having no clue what I was doing. Word of warning - they are the door that is ACROSS the way from the warehouse door. Do not go in the warehouse side. Walking from McDowell, take the right side of the drive-through thing.
4	I spent 3 hours here yesterday picking up supplies for work and home... it does get a little warm in there do bring plenty of cold water. It also helps to go through the catalog and write down the items you need it will get you in and out sooner...  i always get a kick out of seeing the other customers with there dogs toooo..
4	Love this place!! I come here about once a month to stock up on doggie treats and bones. They have a huge selection and it is definatly cheaper then pet smart.
4	This place it GREAT! definitely not visually appealing but so much cheaper than most pet stores and a great selection. I have 4 pits who chew everything in no time so NylaBones and Antlers are a necessity at our house both are sold at a significant savings compared to other stores
5	The Costco of pet supplies :-) except that you do not need to pay annual membership fees like you would at C or Sam's Club.  They are open to both business owners and individual consumers. One of the vet techs at the Alta Vista veterinary clinic (Jason), mentioned this place when I told him I preferred not to go to places such as Petco or Petsmart since I try to support mostly local businesses for our family and pet needs. On our very first visit, I purchased a soft crate, a mattress, a cute outfit, some Zuke's treats, among others. My daughter said "I am not even a dog and I'm having fun looking at so much dog stuff" ;-)Also lots of cat supplies too.The prices are great. I buy a lot of things for my pets on Amazon and other online sites but if I am in the area, we would definitely stop by here. I will check out their website next.
1	I've ordered cans of pro sheen in the past, and no problems. this time 2 cans were defective. tops broke off and it was dripping out,so i cant ship it back..(post office wont go for that) I've emailed Ryans twice about it and haven't gotten a response.its been a month or more now. Ive found another company that carries similar spray. really disappointed in them .bad costumer service.
2	Watch the counter people that handle money!  The last 2 times I went into the shop the counter person made the receipt confusing and explained it badly so that I ended up simply saying "it is to high". Later, another person came over and re-run the items and I paid 20.00 less. That sounded "right" and was right when I looked over the receipt.   The second time, I was in buying a pair of scissors who's style was discontinued.  The counter person said I was given a 40% discount for taking the scissors and added 40% to my bill.   I again said "it's to high" and refused to pay; but, said I would come back if they would hold them 1 week.  I will go in an see if a manager can charge me the lower, full retail price from the catalog.  For the people coming to Arizona,  the mentality is quickly becoming like that of Mexico.  The customer service is:  The store  cheats, lies, steals and the customer has no rights.   I keep asking for these people to "look" at Mexico's standard of living with no  real infrastructure (including sewer in most places).  The people come here and want to do "that" to this country.  The business owners are short sighted and accept the increase in income in exchange for the long term Mexico standard of living their grandchildren will have to accept.
1	This rating is for the sharpening service that's performed on site and isn't a review or rating of the pet supply. After making my purchases at Ryan's I went to the adjoining building that advertised professional sharpening. To make my long story short my Tanto edge was ruined and the serrated edge ground down to a flat ridge. The edge that was suppose to be sharp had a rough edge as though it was put to a sander and not buffed to the mirror finish I'm used to.I mentioned that the edge was ruined but the clerk didn't seem to know what to say.Needless to say I'll be shipping my knives back to the manufacturer for reconditioning from now on.
4	Pretty Awesome. Got a screaming deal on my dog crates that I got. Saved me at least $50 between the two of them by getting them here instead of anywhere else (including online). Pretty good prices on the little things too (toys, leashes, etc.). It makes sense I heard from this place from someone in the industry because they have commercial size grooming products and commercial style kennels. The place is bait difficult to navigate around. They give you a map if that gives you an idea... I mean to be fair the reviews I read set me up with proper expectations, but once I got there I was lost in the warehouse even using the map. Also, the owner (co-owner? not sure) is cranky and rude. She is quite old, but that shouldn't be an excuse. The front desk staff definitely made up for it with how great they were. Hats off to you!Overall excited to find Ryan's and will definitely be back.
5	If you have a dog or cat, this is the place to get what you need for them.  They don't sell food, but they have just about everything else...toys, treats, bones, bowls, crates, collars, leashes, shampoo, brushes...the list goes on.They are only open weekdays, 8:30 to 4:30.  I live about 40 minutes away, and I don't get to that area often, but when I do need to go to that area for something else, I plan around Ryan's hours so I can get my pup some toys.  You can't beat the prices; they are approximately half of what you'd pay at other pet stores.  I am a volunteer puppy raiser, and the pups I raise can only have Kong or Nylabone toys when alone in their crate.  I would go broke buying those anywhere else.  The staff at Ryan's is really in the warehouse to fill internet orders, but I've always gotten any help I needed from them.  They have all been friendly to me, and I've often been asked if I needed help finding anything.When you visit, pick up a catalog at the front desk, and leave your purse if you have one.  (You can't bring bags to the back.)  Many of the items on the shelves have prices written on the cartons, but some don't.  And, remember, this is a warehouse...the employees are filling internet orders.  They are not there to tell you prices.  But, trust me, you won't find lower prices anywhere except maybe a yard sale or second hand store.If you live in AZ but not close to Ryan's, a handy thing to know is that you can order on their website an select "pick up".  Then, your order is already pulled for you when you arrive, and you just need to pay for it.Of course, you can always order online and have it shipped to you.They do have a minimum purchase requirement of $20 or $25, because they are not a retail store but an internet warehouse.  Really not a big deal...you will not believe how much you can get for your money!
5	Ryan's Pet Supplies is definitely the place to be! There is not a single place besides Ryan's where I can buy tons of treats and other goodies for my dogs and actually save money! I now cringe at prices at other pet stores because I know that Ryan's has the same exact item, but significantly cheaper. The drive is definitely worth it, and what's best is that you can place pick up orders (which will be ready within 3 hours of you placing the order) and there is no additional cost for that, which is great if you are short on time or can only make it in before they close but don't have enough time to walk through the warehouse. You can call in orders and place them online as well. Definitely a great place to be, and if you ask for help, the workers will definitely help you out!!
5	i LOVE ryans pet supply! they always have smiles when they greet you and have unbeatable prices!
1	I just order a collar for my dog. They have a great site which is easy to navigate. I checked the receipt and noticed not only a shipping charge of almost $9 but there was a handling charge of $7 on top of that. I called customer service and they explained that the handling charge is place on purchases under $60 and that covers the trouble to pick the smaller orders and cover the cost of the packing materials. I then said that I didnt realize that you use more shipping suppplies on a small order (collar) and I didnt realize that it was more troucle to pick a small order since they only said that they charge a handling charge on small orders under $60. You decide for yourself........................ Yes its my fault for not checking this prior to hitting confirm button!
5	So, ignore that feeling that you are going the wrong place and/or walking into an abandoned warehouse to certain death...This place is fantastic for all your pet supply needs. They have a $25 minimum so be prepared to wander the shelves of the warehouse, picking up collars, pet toys and much more. The prices are ridiculously low in comparison to other pet places and the front desk people were pleasant at check-out (after locking my bag in a dog kennel during my warehouse perusal). They are only open during the week till 4:30pm so plan accordingly.
2	They have good prices. That's about it for the pros.Cons: ABYSMAL customer service. Terrible. The employees have two possible states: they can appear to be inconvenienced by your presence, or they can appear to outright hate your guts for trying to buy anything.Orders are never fully fulfilled. Never, not once have they had everything in stock that their website says they do in five years of purchasing from them. Inventory control needs some help. Not the biggest deal, unless you're really counting on them to have what they say they have. Then you might be screwed.We still buy from them because of the prices, but it is a horrible experience every time. The second we find a competitor that has similar prices Ryan's can kiss our thousands in purchases per year goodbye.
5	As longs as you know the basics of visiting Ryan's, this place is awesome. Grab a cart at the front, check you purse/bag at the front, and know there is a $25 minimum. The warehouse is fun to browse and you can spend hours up and down the aisles finding stuff you never thought you needed for you fur child. Yes, it's warm in there. They try to keep it cool with the fans, but in reality I wouldn't want to pay to air condition that place either. Even though the staff is busy stocking and fulfilling orders, I have never had a problem asking them to help point me in the right direction. Though, I do try my best to find things on my own, sometimes the aisles are not as logical as one might think. Overall, this place is a haven for pet supplies. I get my food delivered from Chewy, so the fact that they don't sell food is A-ok with me.
5	I absolutely love Ryan's! You can find everything you need here (minus dog food) for much lower prices than your big box retailers. Staff is friendly and always courteous! Two thumbs up!
