4	We have visited AJK several times now and are very impressed.  Fresh produce / food, good menu selection, reasonable pricing, nice atmosphere, friendly staff.  My wife has tried several items and has really enjoyed them all, I really like the General Tso pork (yes pork, I had only seen chicken before).Be sure to look up when dining for your dinner under the stars!Keep up the good work down there at AJK!
2	We were there on a Saturday late afternoon.  Including us, there were only 6 customers.  The service was pretty quick (3 different servers), they all helped out each other.  Ok, here is the food comments:  Thai Satay Chicken Skewers - they were dry, tough, and not grilled (I think it was fried).  The peanut sauce that they were covered in was not peanutty enough.  BBQ Pork Slices - the flavor was good and a little greasy, but the slices were inconsistent.  You get super thin slices and they normal slices.Beef Egg Foo Young - The beef and gravy was ok but the veggie egg platters a little on the burnt side.  We overhead the couple on the other side of us complain about their food.  So, I am not sure if it was an off day or this was their normal quality of food.  I would good back to Ono Hawaiian (fast food) which is cross the parking lot next time I feel Asian.
2	I was starving late one night. First problem, never make food choices when you're hungry - plan ahead. So I'm searching for anything that is open and I try this place out. Quick and easy - never again. First mapquest sends me in the wrong direction, then when I call for help the server tells me it's across from Lowe's? It would be clearer to say it's across from Walmart! I ordered Cheese Puffs (I should have known to change my order when I asked if the cheese puffs were wontons or rangoon and the lady on the phone said "no cheese puffs"). I half accepted some deep fried Chetto. But this was actually the only enjoyable part of the meal. Honey Sesame Shrimp was over cooked with little taste. It was suppose to come with shrimp fried rice but instead I was given tasteless brown rice and a vegetable spring roll that I never tried because the rest of the meal was so disappointing. This is in no way authentic and I bases on my experience it was barely good on a Sunday night. But maybe that's because I forgot to pray over it since I was so hungry. Only Pro: it helped me stay on my diet.
5	I've been to AJK a number of times and it is always good. I've had the ma-po tofu, garlic chicken, and pad thai. I enjoyed the ma-po the most out of those three dishes - it had a thick and flavorful sauce that had me wanting more.The ingredients have always seem pretty fresh. The service was good. The interior of the place is done very nicely, they definitely put a lot of effort into the atmosphere of the place. I am used to many Chinese places being completely bare bones in terms of interior, so this was a pleasant surprise.Also! on a side note, I was so happy to find a local place that has good boba / pearl tea drinks. They only have milk tea and Thai tea, but both are really good.
4	Got takeout from here several times and ate in the restaurant once. This is by far the best Chinese food in the area...Everything I've had is fresh and delicious. I usually go for the chicken and broccoli, and if you get it to go they'll give you enough food for 2 or 3 meals. I am still on a quest to find the perfect eggroll though...you know the big fluffy golden brown ones with pork and shrimp in them (I'm from NJ and that's what they're like there) and still no luck. But this place is a breath of fresh air considering the best Chinese food we had around here was Panda Express...and Chinese food shouldn't come from a fast food restaurant.
5	We have been there several times and love the food!  It's always fresh and hot and the service is great!  It's also very nice inside.
3	Not the worst or something to go home ranting about (the best) I like their food, but I'm still looking for the home run in Chinese cuisine around my pad. We ordered the sweet and sour pork, and orange chicken with brown rice (a nice option). The portions were more than enough for two and I tore it up the next day at work. No one was in there when I came in, hopefully this place picks up because I hate seeing the small guys loose it in this big dog world. :)
2	Found this place on the fly while out running errands and starving. Owners were nice, especially Husband..Very courteous.Place was clean and we were offered water or a drink while waiting for our takeout.Food was very, very bland...very little flavor at all...Kung Pow had what I considered too many bell peppers and wasn't spicy (hot) even after I asked if it would be spicy enough. Cheese puffs bland.  Eggrolls Bland. Portion sizes were Ok but sauces were much more runny than other places...and did I mention bland?our search continues....
5	I'd have to say that I am definitely a fan of this place. Very small and kind of out of the way in the strip mall, but great nonetheless! We got takeout here all the time after work. The food was always good every time, and they were always very friendly! We would generally just split an entree because they are so big, but they would still give us at least 2 fortune cookies and enough supplies for 2 people. (Many places we've ordered takeout from only give you one fortune cookie for one entree... not really a big deal since we don't even eat them, but I thought it was a nice touch here at AJK. It's the thought that counts! They are very thoughtful! :)We recently decided to dine in for the first time, and we were just as satisfied as before. The food was the same quality as take out of course, but the service was phenomenal. It wasn't very busy at all, and everyone was extremely polite. We had Plum Wine and Oolong Tea, but quickly realized we needed some cold water with the hotness of our food! Both spicy and temperature... It was all very good though! Our favorite thing to get there is the cream cheese rangoons, and they are the best we've ever had! So delicious! I could eat tons of them for my entire meal, but I don't ;)Some of the dishes we've ordered weren't so great here, but that's just personal preference. What we do like is excellently prepared, and we've never really been disappointed. The dinner for two thing we had when we dined in was a mistake... it was more like dinner for 3 or 4!!! Or maybe we're just not American enough. One entree and 1 or 2 appetizers would be enough... the dinner for 2 came with spring rolls, cream cheese rangoons, soup, a huge plate of rice, and 2 entrees. We had tons of leftovers, which was okay with us I guess! You definitely get your money's worth here though.Oh, and the place is small, but very nice inside. Nice atmosphere... nothing spectacular, but it's comfortable and quiet. They also had 2 flat screen TVs that I saw, but I didn't really pay attention to what was on. Sports? idk.
2	Was not impressed.We ordered take out and got their family meal ... something like 3 dishes with rice, noodles and egg rolls for around $35.  Great deal and a LOT of food but it did not taste good.  They put way too much corn starch to thicken the sauce (which is normal but the over did it) and the broccoli was waaaay too soggy.  Our egg rolls were over cooked or the oil wasn't clean b'c they were way too dark and had like burnt spots.Mapo tofu wasn't bad.  I asked for non-spicy and they cooked it as requested.  Broccoli beef was terrible - the broccoli was way too soft (and I actually don't mind soft broccoli but seriously, this went overboard) and like I said, too much cornstarch.  I thought the sweet and sour pork wasn't bad but apparently the hubby didn't like it.  Go figure 'cuz I'm the Asian one inthe relationship!Places like these, I definitely think you need to try for yourself b'c our tastebuds are so different but coming from somebody who knows Chinese food, I wasn't impressed the least bit ... except for the quantity ... very generous portion!
4	I love this place!  Great quality food, great service, large portions and fare prices.  In the Fry's parking lot.  Try the bbq pork egg foo young, mongolian beef and get the lo mein instead of rice.  Good stuff.
3	I was pleased to find they offer duck on their menu & the portion of duck fried rice I ordered was plentiful. (Didn't blow my hair back, though)I placed an order to go and was pleased with the item, but there wasn't anything special or terrible about it. I may have to try a dine-in experience just to see if we can give this place more stars.
4	Stopped by this place with my mom on a whim while out shopping. It's really unassuming looking outside, but the inside is nicely set up and pretty relaxing atmosphere. They have a big selection, including duck, chow fun, even some Thai stuff, etc.I got the orange chicken combo and it was quite good, it was spicy and orangey and didn't taste quite the same as everyone elses' typical recipes. The egg drop soup was pretty good. I'll probably stop in here now when I go shopping.
3	First time trying this place. I got duck fried rice (which I've never had before) and it was pretty good. It was different from the fried rice I'm used to but less greasy so maybe not a bad thing. Teriyaki chicken was good although not the best we've had.  Cheese puffs are gross.definitely not a Rangoon or crab puff and waaay too sweet for my taste. It was okay but I'm still looking for something awesome out here in Goodyear and this simply isn't it. It's the best option we have found, but nothing compares to our favorite joint out in Peoria (Big Heng on 75th & Peoria).
2	I have eaten at many Chinese restaurants, and this one was not impressive. They were cold but business friendly.  I asked about an ingredient and they would not add it for an extra cost.  Crab Rangoon is called a "cheese puff" and were ok.  Most of the food lacked seasoning and I felt they were skimpy on ingredients.  Finally, when ever I have ordered a meal with fried rice, it at least had vegetables. So I was disappointed to open my meal and find plain fried rice.  I didn't really feel that there was much heart in the cooking. I will not be revisiting this place. Too bad because its nice inside and clean.
5	This place is amazing. As far as I'm concerned this is the best in the west valley. Generous portions and quality meats. The cheese puffs and spring rolls are crisp and very good, none of that haven't changed the dryer oil in 2 weeks taste.  Chai boba tea! Well it's awesome. Highly recommended.
3	"This place is amazing.  As far as I'm concerned, it's the best in the West Valley."  Really?  The best?  I admit that, when it comes to Chinese food, there isn't much in the West Valley.  Then again, unless we're talking Mexican, there isn't much in the West Valley ... period.  It's been that way since I came out here in 1993; it'll probably be that way after I die of food poisoning from one of these stellar places (and after one of the restaurant owners I've reviewed reads one of my contributions, the "food poisoning" may not be so accidental or coincidental).First, I really like the nearly all-wood decor of the place.  I know the "fashion" for those who aren't old and obsolete dinosaurs is plastic and glass.  Whatever.  I like wood.  It gives a warm and cozy feeling and this place has it  (the ceiling with twinkling stars ... ehhh ... it's okay).We had the family dinner for two.  The price ($23.95 + tax without drinks) is reasonable.  The Hot n Sour soup was tasty:  filled with peanut oil just like the Hot n Sour Soup I'm used to from back East.  A little light on the meat and a bit too sweet for my tastes, but acceptable.  The egg rolls had nearly no meat and were very crisp.  Frankly, I LIKE all-vegetable and crispy egg rolls and the tighter the cabbage is packed in, the better.  Cheese puff ... okay.  Wasn't supposed to be a "crab puff", so they're not trying to deceive and it was tasty.Now the main meal.  This is where the place gets less "amazing".  I had the Szechuan Chicken and am wondering if maybe they brought the wrong dish?  I've never had a version of this dish, where the chicken was crispy coated and the sauce was sweet.  My other half had the Kung Pao Chicken and it was, sadly, standard for second-rate Chinese restaurants:  small cubes of celery, bamboo, zucchini ... and smaller cuts of, I think, chicken.  Neither tasted bad; neither overwhelmed.Service was fast ... one might say, "too fast":  in a take-out situation, you WANT them falling over each other.  At a sit down meal, you really don't want them bringing courses before you're done with the previous one.  As I said to my fellow diner, "The only thing missing is them standing in a corner, watching expectingly and waiting to swoop down on us as we took our last bite."So, in conclusion, while I agree that the pickings in Avondale/Goodyear are slim, this is no excuse to tolerate something one step above the food court in Target.  If you really think this place is something to give 4 or 5 stars to, then I beg you to either get in your car and drive the 20 miles into Phoenix to find something more palatable or, if you don't have a car, drop me a line and we'll go out to dinner one day.  I'll consider it a civic duty and a generous gift to your taste buds.
1	Shitty the shrimp was so freaking thick with the batter from being fried and they don't put the cook the food with its sauce. Sooo gross yuck !!! Worst chow mien, I could've had a better dinner at panda.
1	This restaurant does not exist at the stated location.  I used GPS Navigation and everything, but there is nothing there but old houses.
5	LOVE!  This place!  Best Chinese food place I've ever been to!  Great service,  fresh food,  nice establishment and awesome ceiling!
5	This place is great.  Not only is the food delicious but the service is everything that you could hope for! I love this restaurant and would recommend it to EVERYONE
