5	The food is excellent and the service is perhaps the best I have gotten anywhere. The wait staff is very attentive. When I finished my first glass of tea, the glass barely hit the table before someone was picking it up to refill. Same thing when the check was brought to the table.
5	They have excellent food. Very few Mexican restaurants serve Sol and they have it. I would highly recommend them if you in the mood for Mexican.
4	Lindo Michoacan is an intimate Mexican restaurant. They sport the description "gourmet Mexican cuisine," but it's not fusion, like Agave. They have mostly traditional dishes. The restaurant doesn't seat many parties, but the floor plan separated sections of the restaurant, making for in intimate setting, as do the booths with high backings and shallow seating. There's a bunch of Mexican decor on the walls, not tacky at all. Our waiter was warm and available. Between he and the buser, my water was always full. They started us off with chips y salsa y bean dip. I ordered the Filet Relleno ($20), a white fish stuffed with octopus and shrimp, deep fried, and smothered with Sarandeado sauce. The sauce was pretty much a spicy mayo. But mayo and white fish always wins. Wins! My mf got the Birria de Chivo ($16), goat cooked in a beer broth with chiles and spices, served with chopped raw onions, cilantro, and tortillas. It was really good. The broth is an intimidating magma-red, but it really wasn't that spicy. The goat meat was tender and tasty and very fatty ... but that's where the flava is. The prices were reasonable. I'll be back to try more. * off the strip, non-casino
5	I realize now that I've never had great Mexican food after eating here.  this restaurant is outstanding! Great food and excellent service. We ate here two nights in a rowland didn't scratch the menu's surface. bar available and take out. If you want excellent Mexcian food and not Americanized crap, eat here. It is my new fave!
5	This is my 1st time to Vegas and I was getting married. I asked the guy who works at the Men's Warehouse for a good place to eat and he suggested Lindo Michoacan.All I have to say is, AWESOME. The spicy salsa, the great lunch portions, VERY friendly staff. I would definitely come back to eat when I go to Vegas again.
5	My family loves Lindo Michoachan.  This location is the closest to our home, so we eat here often.The restaurant gets very crowded during peak hours....here's a secret of ours....we like to come at 10 am on Sunday morning for an early lunch.  Why?  Because there is nobody there yet and you get seated right away.Food - during my most recent visit I had the Milanesa Torta.....it was the first time I've tried a Torta at Lindo and it did not disappoint.  The bread was perfect and the milanesa was cooked perfectly.We also enjoy the fresh chips & salsa that also includes bean dip.  Most mexican restaurants don't give you beans with your chips & salsa, but they do!The tortillas are made fresh daily....if you don't believe me, you can watch them make it.  They have an action station where a woman prepares fresh tortillas.Service - The employee to customer ratio is very high so your water glass is never too empty and the chips & salsa will be replenished quickly.Will I return?  Oh yeah!
4	I had the opportunity to go to this amazing restaurant. My friend ordered me this platter with shrimp that was so delicious I can't wait to go back just to savor the flavor. It has special herbs in oil the flavor was unforgettable. The tortillas are hand made in a window in front of us. To top it off I had a deep fried ice-cream; a ball of white ice cream covered with crushed flakes cereal, flavored syrup on the bottom with liquor and bananas on FIRE!!! It was soooooo good. Clean and unforgettable. Why isn't their one around here?
3	I've been here twice now and can't say I'm blown away.  It's expensive and not up to expectations.  I will say the service is outstanding, I mean they are seriously on it.  I use to live in LA so I know some good mexican and this place doesn't quite cut it.  I probably won't be going back.  Very AVERAGE in my opinion.
4	i've had the cognac chicken, fajitas and enchiladas here. it's not completely authentic, which I think is a good things... or, rather, this pace is more new-age Mexican fusion than your nina's Mexican cooking w/ ingredients they use in their specialties.The (fresh) tortillas are amazing and-my favorite quality of this joint-the food is always perfectly balance in portions. You'll never leave with puddles of extra-whatever on your plate staring up at you, all alone! Dinner usually runs $15-20ish, sans drinks. Only good mexican i've tasted in vegas.
4	I ended up eating here by pure chance. I was headed to Red Robin when I saw this place next door. I decided to eat Mexican food, and I'm glad I did. The staff was friendly and quick with the service. They were making tortillas in plain view of the restaurant behind a plexiglass enclosure. The food was terrific. I will certainly be returning.
3	Food was average, service was a little dumb, maybe the language barrier, prolly not.trans-freindly: a-ok
5	I loved it! This will definitely be a regular place for me. The food was great! They dont skimp you on anything. I ordered the Burrito and Taco combo. Both the burrito and taco were stuffed with beef and not overdone with cheese or sauce. My BF got the chicken enchilada verde combo and each of his enchiladas were the size of my one burrito. You definately get what you pay for. Each combo comes with chips and salsa (of course), fideo soup, and then a side of rice and beans. For 3 of us our bill came to $37.66. You definitely cannot beat that, especially compared to many other Mexican restaurants.
3	It's okay but I would recommend the real deal - their sister restaurant - Viva Zapata's near Craig and I-15. It really is much better. LM is okay - but not even close to the quality at VZ.
2	The first location on D.I. was my husband and my favorite Mexican Restaurant.  We would drive down from the Mount Charleston/Centennial Hills area.  We tried this location once and really missed the atmosphere of the other location.  However, in March while on a 14-day Caribbean Princess Cruise we met two of our neighbors on the ship.  When speaking of Mexican food, they highly suggested a new place closer to home called Leticia's.  And we've been hooked ever since. GREAT home cooked food, friendly warm staff, great atmosphere in a quaint location.
5	My husband and I grabbed a bite to eat here while we were waiting for our paperwork to be finalized at one of the auto dealerships close by. We were seated right away and were also given chips, salsa, and bean dip to munch on while we looked over the menu. They also gave us some soup which was tasty. We were super dehydrated so we were finishing our drinks left and right but are glasses never went empty. I decided to order Gorditos de Camaron which is a rolled flour tortilla filled with shrimp, tomatoes, onions, and a bit of jalapenos. It's deep fried and smothered in cheese and served with guacamole on the side. It was so yummy and even though this was an appetizer it was huge! I couldn't finish it all so I took the rest home. The service here is fantastic and very understanding. While we were waiting on the food we got a call from the car dealership saying to hurry back . My husband had to tell the waiter that as soon as we get the food we need the check right away . They not only did that but knowing we were in a hurry we had like four people from the wait staff checking on us to make sure we were okay. It was really refreshing to have everything go so smoothly amongst all the stress.
5	I'm here at least twice a month for business lunches. Great atmosphere and the food is excellent. Pollo con rajas y crema, insane!
3	A very nice decent Mexican restaurant with decent food. You get chips, salsa, and bean dip while you decide what you are ordering, like most Mexican places. They have several locations around LV. I will be back, but nothing beat the Mexican food you find in Orange County, CA.
4	The Michoican restaurants have always been a favorite of mine.  The quality of the food and the service is exceptional and the variety of dishes is surprising for a mexican restaurant.  I took my mom for lunch and she really loved it!  She was a little apprehensive about the spicy heat factor but they fixed that up for her!
3	For a Mexican chain this place is above average. but barely. The chips and salsa are flavorful and there are lots of menu options. Entrees are generous but lack some of the spice that I expect from Mexican food. I found many of the items bland, like the enchiladas and the rice. I may visit again, but probably for appetizers and drinks.
5	I really liked the food. Very authentic too. I am obsessed with the appetizer "Gorditas de Camarones". OMGGGGG So fried burrittos filled with shrimp and cheese and sour cream. MMMM YeSSSS. Very friendly service and great happy hour prices.
5	Came here with a friend looking for some good Mexican food and we were not disappointed.Got some Chips and Salsa and they were great.  I am usually into chunky Salsa but even though it was thin it tasted great.Complimentary soup was great too.  The server said it was a Tomato Soup with Noodles and loved it.I ordered the Huetamo.  Chicken Enchilada, Chicken Taco and Chicken Tostada with Guacamole.  They gave us so much food and I was almost full halfway through but it tasted so good i almost ate myself sick.  I don't think I can describe how good it tasted better than that, you just have to stop by and see for yourself.  Writing this review made me hungry for it again so I'm headed there now.
1	This place is not worth your time and money. Second visit to this restaurant, first was when they first opened. Friday nite visit, restaurant was crowded, Marachi music being played. Seated quickly, drink order filled promptly and chips, salas,beans brought. Ordered a Chopped salad and chicken fajitias. Plates served hot, but items beans/rice were cold. Rice was tasteless and hard, Beans cold a bit sour, which leads me believe they weren't fresh. This restaurnt is way over-priced for what you get, you;d do much better at some local mexican restaturants close by. Won't be back ever again...
1	Server we had seemed overwhelmed. Waited 15 minutes for our waiter to greet and take our order. The menu could be more detailed and not figuring out what the hell it is if you don't read spanish. The food itself was ok, but I would go to on the border instead.
3	We decided to finally try what seems to be Vegas' favorite Mexican place on a Friday after work.  Lindo was already hoppin' at 6:30, but we seemed to beat the crowd and only had a 10 minute wait for a table.  We were seated at a table in the bar area - between the bar stools and the massive booths they have.  (To be honest the booths look plush and wonderful, but are so large they seem out of scale with this rather small restaurant).The service was warm and attentive throughout.  Complimentary chips, salsa and bean dip? Check.  All were good - the salsa even a bit hotter than what I expected, which made for an auspicious start!  House margaritas on the rocks with salt made with sweet and sour and Sauza were bright, tangy and not overly sweet - yummy.Wow - their menu is extensive with all kinds of innovative, tasty sounding dishes like Fillet Relleno -  fish fillet stuffed with seafood and then breaded and fried.  I opted for the Enchiladas de Camaron - gulf shrimp in tortillas with red enchilada sauce.  The combination includes fideo soup - although it's just a simple tomato based soup with vermicelli noodles, I'm a big fan of any restaurant that serves it.  Love me some fideo and this one was good.The entrees arrived and, after such an exciting stellar start, I was surprised they were a little...well...meh.  The shrimp were cooked nicely inside my enchiladas, but the sauce was kind of tasteless.  Rice and beans were fine, pretty much what you would expect to find in any mexican restaurant.  My whole entree was kind of a plate of bland.That said, I definitely want to go back - I haven't lost faith, maybe I just didn't make the right choice off of their massive menu.  Mole anyone?
5	We dine here at least once a week. The service is always excellent. I love that they have a free rewards card where you can earn points towards free appetizers, desserts, and 50% off your bill. What's nice is you can earn double points Monday-Thursdays 2pm-5pm. They have an awesome lunch special menu. Starting as low as $8.50. Which includes your beverage and of course unlimited chips and salsa. My two favorites dishes are the Chicken taco salad and steak ranchero. They make the tortillas fresh as well. A+ in my books!
3	as a recent resident of Las Vegas it was imperitive that i find an amazing mexican joint.. Lindo is legit.. great salsas, great service.. legit food.. however they charge what you would expect to see on the strip.. if the food were a bit cheaper i would give this place 4 or 5 stars..
2	Good food. Average Mexican food. There were Latinos eating here on a Thur night. More than a few, always a good sign. Live one man band as we entered. Margaritas made with sweet and sour instead of real lime juice, points deducted. I had the skirt steak, my wife had the porterhouse covered in salsa verde. Both were very good, although the porterhouse was overcooked a bit. My advice is to always order your steaks one level underdone when not in a real steakhouse. The service was very friendly, attentive, and courteous throughout. The food is good, but not REALLY GOOD. And certainly not great. I'm Hispanic, it's not that difficult to make tasty rice or beans, but Vegas strikes out once again. This place is just a couple of blocks away, good food, but I'm good for another year.
2	As part of our Vegas on a budget, my sisters and I stopped here on Saturday and ended up having the buffet so that we could try the house specialties like the Biria, Chile Colorado, Carnitas and Camerones...that and the $13.95 price tag came with unlimited margaritas. We chose Lindo Michoacan because it has won Best of Vegas for Mexican food for many years in a row. I have a hard time believing this is the best Vegas has to offer. The food was very average. The house-made tortillas were good, the specialties mostly bland, the margaritas were made with Sweet and Sour and were very generic. Their house salsa served with chips is very poor. Our server was very courteous and efficient, but there was little for him to do, since we were mostly serving ourselves.
1	We had lunch here with family.  The chips are fine but their salsa is little more than a red pepper sauce, no tomatoes or other ingredients.  I ordered a combination plate with a green verde pork burrito and the green sauce was so over powering that it ruined the dish.  The beef enchilado was o-kay but the chicken taco was dry.My wife had the vegetable fajitas and the vegetable mix was little more than a lot of green peppers and little else...Not returning here.....
4	Lindo Michoacan is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants to eat at just because the food is O-so-Delicious. The tortillas is the best tortillas I have ever tried just because it's made fresh. This time I ordered the chipotle lengua (cow tongue), I know it sounds nasty but hey it taste good. The lengua came with rice and bean's, guacamole. The rice was good, bean's not a bean fan so didn't get it, guacamole was good. For dessert I ordered churros, came with 4 small churros and whipped cream. When I first came here I ordered the steak rancheros, I would recommend trying it. I would totally recommend this place to my friends and family and fellow yelpers. The service is great, food is great, and the place itself is nice and clean.
4	We have visited this place several times and have never been disappointed.  The service is friendly and quick and the food is generally excellent.  If you want to rock your taste buds, order the camerones diabla and tell them extra spicy, they are outstanding but you may pay later on.  The only criticism I have is that the dishes are probably $2-3 over the prices you may see in other Mexican restaurants.
2	I frequent Lindo every now and again as it is my son's favorite Mexican place.I will admit that I have never had any dish that was bad. I like the salsa (although they could offer more types) and the bean dip. The chips are usually a little over done and need salt IMO.  I do like the fideo soup..it is a nice change.   The Margaritas are not impressive and I am sure I do better with one eye open missing an arm so that is a letdown as I crave good margaritas and will choose where I go alot of the time on them as sometimes I just want a drink and chips/salsa. The service here is always amazing I will give them that but this is the only location I go to as I refuse to go the the GV location as it looks like a damn nightclub all the time it is so packed.So final judgment is not an impressive place and another place that is over-hyped by people with no taste for what quality food should be
3	After I vowed never go to Lindo Michoacan again, my GF's dad's birfday came up and I was screwed...D:Given, this was a different location than the one I usually go to (DI and eastern,) I was hope full on this other location not sucking. And luckily it wasn't as bad. Let me get rid of the bad... The food still suxx... I ordered a burrito, yes it was huge. They need to put on the description that it is shredded beef. Me no like shredded beef. Now the good, the reason this gets 3 stars. What this place has always had is excellent service, not gonna lie, probably the best anywhere. My gf's dad has a mean old temper and is impatient. Every time it looked like he was about to blow up, the waiter took charge and explained the situation, calmed him down and made it look easy. This place seemed to accommodate my 2 year old very well! Best service for a 2 year old anywhere. Nice clean black high chair with cushion (Lexus of highchairs,) brought out a special sippy cup with coloring paper and crayons. AND she got her soup fast, so that she wouldn't get impatient while we ordered. Not too bad at all. Lindo, sorry but your food still super sux.
1	We went to this place the first day that it opened and were blown away.  With a deep love for great mexican food and having had authentic home cooked mexican, that was saying alot. 2 weeks later, it was like a microwave dinner, and we have not been back.  Horrible turn for the worse.
4	My son wanted to go here and it was his turn to pick the restaurant. We have been here before and have enjoyed our meals. This time we were seated right away and the chips and beans and salsa were brought to the table within 30 seconds of sitting. Drink orders were placed and we were looking over the vast menu having a hard time deciding. When my waiter came over I told him I was having trouble deciding and I told him I like pork. He recommended the Carnitas. It was marinated pork in fresh orange juice and spices. It was great. Everyone in the family had a good time with wonderful food. It's just what you want when you go to a restaurant. The waiter service was topnotch. They never let a glass go empty. Very prompt with everything. Far and away the BEST Mexican food in the northwest. Yes I said it!! Go see for yourself, and enjoy!
5	I always get GREAT service and good food here.   Plus you can't beat the price.   I haven't had a drink here so I can't rate the bar.
4	When this place first opened we came and did not enjoy any aspect...this time the food was great.. First they bring you chips and salsa AND an awesome bean dip! I got the chicken flautas which were heaven ... Only issue was getting our check at the end.. Had to flag someone down finally!! But I will def be back!
2	The best thing there was the guacamole and home made tortillas. Otherwise, NO flavor. Terrible salsa. Bean dip flat. Chips with no salt, no flavor. Three of us had shimp fajitas, chicken burrito and three shredded beef tacos. Where's the flavor?! We went her because the reviews were pretty good over all but blah! Would NOT recommend to anyone.
4	I was craving Tacos El Gordo's fried intestine tacos but, since I was in "butt F Egypt" aka HELLA FAR...my friend took me to his fave Mexican spot.They didn't have the fried intestine tacos but, they did have beef tongue tacos. Which are a disgusting BUT-OH-SO-DELICIOUS 2nd best choice! Meat was pretty juicy.And I'm not big on guacamole but, they surely make it a show but making it at your table. Fresh guac/anything over boring salsa!
4	VERY PLEASED WITH THIS RESTAURANT.I'm new to L.V. and don't eat out much, but I have been here three times now. The service has been very good every time and I think the food is quite yummy. I LOVE the Fideo soup and the guacamole made table side. I'm a pescetarian, so I have never tried any "meat" dishes but I really enjoy the Tacos de Pescado (fish tacos). They always have live music and the house margaritas are really tasty!
5	The service and the food were outstanding.  The carnitas were excellent!  Our birthday celebration was fun with singing, dessert and a shot of tequila!  We will definitely be going back!
4	This is an excellent mexican restaurant!  It's clean and has a great ambiance.  The food is excellent and the service superb.  The only thing I didn't like was their thin house soup but the other people in our party liked it so it was probably just me.  We signed up for their e-mail list and they have done a good job keeping in touch with us.  Letting us know about entertainers that will be there and special brunches etc.  Definitely worth trying!
3	Service was pretty bad.  Getting refills on drinks, chips & salsa was like pulling teeth.  Came in afternoon so they weren't even busy.  Disappointed
4	I always get their enchiladas with green sauce and it is pretty good.  I also like their salsa and bean dip and it is complimentary =].  What makes me a repeated customer here is the tortillas!  They have a tortilla lady who makes it fresh and you can watch her make it too.
4	flour tortillas made in-house... steamy, flaky, & fresh to the table. drools.been here a handful of times when i lived in the area, never had a bad experience. i like their tortillas & chicken enchiladas verdes.
4	The chips and salsa are deliciously fresh. Guacamole and cheese are plentiful on tostados and tacos. Everything has excellent flavor!Wait staff and restaurant are nice.
3	We must have come at a bad time, Saturday lunch.  The food was good (a bit over priced), but the service was poor this time.  The waitress did not understand that the nacho appetizer was supposed to come out before the main course, but she did take it off the tab when we sent it back.  I had to basically track down a bus boy on several occasions for refills and clearing empty plates.  We will go back, I hope this was just an anomaly.
4	This place was amazing!I've been here once before a few years ago and I definitely had the same experience.Staff was super friendly and helpful with menu suggestions, the live music was cheesy yet awesome, place was clean, service fast, food delicious!The chips, bean dip and salsa hold you over until you get your food.  I ordered the three chicken tacos and it came with Fideo soup to start, Mexican rice and beans.  My wife ordered the Novillo Al Conac which was steak with a reduced mushroom sauce, Mexican rice, beans and tortilla.  She loved it!For an appetizer we had some awesome Ceviche Camaron.  Not too wet, not to dry, plenty of shrimp and very tasty.For dessert, we got the Lindo Flameado (fried ice cream surrounded by banana slices).  They set it on fire right in front of us. It smelled good and tasted even better!Also the Dulce De Leche was ordered and it was fantastic!  My wife initially didn't want any but ended up eating half of it. Nice place to have dinner on a night out.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone.
5	Good food, GREAT service!  Everything I've ever eaten here was good and the staff will easily suggest items to your tastes.  Great bar, everyone is attentive and if you go in once or twice more you'll meet the owner who is very friendly and loves his customers.
4	I love eating here! They customize my order with no problem.I like the "Shredded Chicken Burrito" with beans inside the burrito and it has so much flavor! The salsa is tasty and if you request it they will bake and not fry your chips. I usually call ahead if I know I am going to be there and they get them started for me. This last visit the place was packed. They have live music that is cool. It is clean inside. I think if you are in the area you should give it a try! There us currently a weekend lunch buffet that is a great deal.I like that it is near the super wal-mart because since most of my paycheck goes to wally world I can at least stop by Lindo on the way and have lunch or dinner :)
5	My husband & I ate here yesterday.  The ambience was perfect and the seating was comfortable.  The waiters were very attentive bringing us chips, salsa and bean dip right after we arrived. as well as taking our beverage order.  The food was delicious & you could see that they take great care in the preparation.  We had camarones rancheros & camarones mojo de ajo.  They were excellent sized shrimp & we loved the sauces.  I can't say enough about this restaurant & we have now found our new favorite Mexican restaurant.
5	This place is great...all the other positive reviews got it right. Eaten there many, many times and have never had a bad exoerience. Try the carne asada, amazing!
4	Loved this place - the carnitas are excellent. Tortillas were a bit dry, but according to coworkers I must've hit an off night. I would definitely go back though :)
2	Since our visit a month ago, this restaurant has gone from extraordinary to ordinary.  The shrimp have gone in size from huge to tiny size.  The service was slow and it took forever to get our food.  The sauces are still wonderful but I don't think we will eat here again due to the portion size and the slow service.By the way this  is Michoacan Gourmet Mexican Restaurant, not Lindo Michoacan, but a part of that chain.  The address above is correct but I noticed that many of the reviews are for Lindo Michoacan and not the one on Tropical Pky.
3	Pretty solid Mexican restaurant.  They offer the full assortment of menu offerings that we've come to expect from all of the Michoacan restaurants around town.  The food is good, but falls short of recipes at the other restaurants.  It's like there's just a little something missing, and the prices are anywhere from $2-6 higher per dish.  Be patient.  The facility is a fairly small and during dinner time there is often a wait to be seated.  The one area that they really conquer and rule the competition is their Sunday brunch.  None of the other Mexican joints can hang with their brunch.  It's a full buffet bar with freshly made dishes, soup, salad, and desserts.  Their tortilla soup is to die for; they offer fresh ingredients, that include ingredients such as avocado and creme fraiche to fix the soup up yourself.  Sunday brunch is $14, which includes the food and drinks.
1	Food is mediocre and over priced. Owner needs to go to charm school. Not worth your hard earned dollars.
1	Service was amazing. Drinks were great. Food was bland, no spice or heat to anything and over priced for what we ordered. We were shocked because the place was packed.
3	Good cadilac margaritas! Owner is super nice and accommodating, making sure his customers are happy. Don't care for the red sauce they use.
4	This place was pretty good. The tableside guac was great. The decor is really nice. The service was fast and friendly. Careful, it's easy to fill up on the chips and salsa and refried beans. This was a good choice in this large strip-mall area.
4	The service is always extremely attentive, the food is served fast and is delicious.  Prices are fairly inexpensive for dinner and cheap for lunch.  Chips and salsa are bottomless and fantastic.  What more could you want?
4	This is a pretty solid Mexican restaurant. I was very surprised by the lack of decent Mexican restaurants in Vegas. Lindo is consistently excellent and was the best Mexican place I found when I lived in Vegas for two and a half years. The chips and salsa and bean dip are delicious, the soup is good, and every entree I've had has been delicious. A great choice if you're in the mood for Mexican in Vegas.
4	I really like this place, nice restaurant, great food, great people, but this last visit the service was slow.  Good, but slow... What's up??
4	Great Service. Great place for families.  This is our go to place for Mexican. We have also hosted a get together with friends in the little room. You can't go wrong with the Fajitas. Margs are great.  This is such a neighborhood family place to go. I don't know where else we'd go at our end of town if this wasn't here. Wheniever I have had a question or we had a bill issue they have always "dont the  right thing".  The customer is king here.  We've been going for 3 years now. Have only good things to say about this place!!!
5	Sunday brunch is awesome...
5	Great brunch good margaritas what else can i ask for!  Fresh food and margaritas
4	We heard this was a great place for Mexican food and they were right. We had the enchiladas and tacos the food was very good and the place is every clean. A nice little date place I must say. We will definitely be back
4	They serve beef tongue (lengua) and chivas (goat) need I say more!  I love this place.  They lose a star because from the taste and texture; I think they buy their chips instead of make them on site.
5	Great Mexican food, one of the best in Las Vegas. I Love the live music and the environment. Great service & everyone is super friendly! I definitely reccommend.
4	What do "Hotel California", "Stairway To Heaven", easy listening music, and Spanish guitar have in common? Lindo Michoacan. There was a great assortment of reworked classic rock playing softly throughout the restaurant today. It was a nice touch to an already beautiful restaurant. There in no shortage of painting and carved wood at this place. And so the afternoon started well enough.I began my lunch with the traditional chips and salsa with bean dip thrown in for good measure. So far so good.  Next came the sopa de fideo. Its like Lipton noodle soup only better and perfect on a cold day like today. For my meal I ordered chicken fajitas. They came out quick enough. My respect started waining when I saw only two under cooked tortillas for what looked like a large portion of fajita fixings. It turned out there was just enough chicken, rice and beans to wrap in two tortillas. Yet there was more than enough pepper and onion to go around. I ended up eating those plain with a fork after my chicken and tortillas were gone. The flavor was lacking. I like more citrus flavor in chicken fajitas so I squeezed the lemon from my iced tea over the sizzling skillet for that sour boost of flavor. During this meal I couldn't help but think of giving Michoacan a 3 star rating as much as it pained to do so. Then came dessert.I ordered flan which, I was told by who appeared to be the manager, was "heavenly." I'll be the judge of that. I've had some good flan at many other restaurants in the past. This better be special. It  was.  It was firm and thick yet velvety soft. Rich. Decadent. Creamy. I don't know how to better describe it. It really was one of the best flans I've had anywhere. And there it was, the boost I so desperately needed to give them a deserved 4 stars.
4	Good food made fresh. Excellent service, decent price & clean atmosphere is a plus.
5	This place is always a delightful eexperience.  The food is consistent, I love the shrimp ceviche and guacamole, the service always great and the prices reasonable for the portion sizes.
4	Great food good service one of my favorites
1	Quite honestly, this review receives one star only because the food was very good. That concludes the good. Now with the rest:  After being seated, we did receive our chips and salsa (which the salsa and bean dip were very sparse). After approximately 20 minutes and no server was in sight, we asked the busser if she could locate the server. No water, no drinks, no more chips and salsa. Nada. After 10 more minutes the server finally came and took our order. Fajitas for two and kids chicken fingers for our son, and drink orders finally placed as well. 10 minutes later, the dinner salad came out, but still no drinks. We finally received our drinks several minutes later. Service at this location was awful to say the least. The server NEVER returned to check on us, refill drinks or anything else. It was as poor service as I have ever experienced. We waited nearly 20 more minutes after we were done with the meal in order to get the check. We asked the busser for to-go boxes, in which she brought one back and literally threw it on the table into the leftovers. That was the final straw. We asked for the manager. When all was explained to him, the manager seemed much less than interested in the issues. He offered no apologies, only dessert.  We asked for the check, and still we waited. Another 5-6 minutes and we had enough. We approached the reception desk and demanded the check at this point. I can honestly say this will be the last and only visit to this location.
5	we have only been here for lunch times, but it has always been delicious, gr8 happy hr specials....good atmosphere, good food, nice staff
2	decent salsa but chips were crumbly. really good abondegas soup.
4	This review is for their sunday brunch buffet for $13.95 including all you cal drink fountain sodas, juice, coffee/tea, margaritas and mimosas. I happened upon it on accident and it sounded like one of the better deals around town so we went straight away. I've only ever eaten lunch specials here years prior and haven't really been back recently. The online menu for the brunch had a date on it of today, so I wonder if the menu varies per week on what the buffet offers. It was small, but well rounded enough. This is what we had: Chips, salsa and bean dip brought for the table. Pretty decent and the chips went well with the shrimp ceviche. It was pretty fresh, I prefer a little spice and more acidity but they have a condiment bar that fixed that right up. I ate a lot of the ceviche and their guacamole. Caldo de res- it ain't my moms caldo, but that was pretty good. They put in some of the fattier and tendon parts mixed in with just beef chunks so a little something for everyone. Camerones Rancheros- the flavor was good but a tad overcooked. Something that just happens with the hotplate, when I got some when it was just put out it was good though. Chile Verde- the sauce was decent but it wasn't like traditional slow stewed meat in the sauce. It was more like, carnitas that was put into the sauce so there was more crunchy edges and bits on the meat. Beef and chicken fajitas - both kinds were decent, but I wouldn't say I'm a fan. I'm generally not a fajita person though so you be the judge on this one. Both meats were seasoned and weren't dry at all though.Torreados- greasy, but was good to throw on a tortilla with meat.Bacon and sausage- standard, but fresh and good. Huevos con chorizo- decent enough, more egg than chorizo so it was rather light and not greasyRoasted potatoes - this was meh. If they crisped up the taters a bit it would be much better. It just tasted like boiled and then thrown with the cooked peppers and onions. Jalapeno poppers-  I have to admit though JPs are one of my favorite guilty pleasure late night freezer snacks so I appreciated their presence even though it was a weird offering.Tortillas - fresh made, you can see a tortilla maiden pumping them out through the glass. They do both corn and flour were both good! Rice - good flavor, soft and not dry at all.Refried beans- pretty decent, but remember I'm not one to eat refried beans really so I only took a bite for the sake of reviewing to see if it was seasoned. Haha.There was mixed salad with interesting dressing choices but I did not try it. There was various Mexican pan, cookies for dessert I was too full to try. I did get some mixed fruit and whipped cream and the fruits were fairly fresh. Otherwise there is not much in terms of sweets offered at the buffet, though you could order their flan if you somehow have room. Beverage wise, the mimosas were good, but I thought the house margarita (on the rocks or you can probably ask blended) was the better of the two. They were not skimpy with the alcohol either so I was feeling it even just after a few drinks. I also got a horchata which tasted homemade. It was very creamy, not too sweet or overpowering of cinnamon. Service was pretty decent throughout. We never really had to wait too long for drinks to be refilled and brought back despite them having to send out massive amounts. A few times we were checked on to make sure everything was tasting right, including the owner making his rounds to everyone. It was busy in there, but wasn't so busy there was a line our the door or too many people  that you cannot get any service. There was Mexican music playing though our meal, but wasn't at levels you cannot have a conversation. Overall, I think the food is standard, but decent Americanized Mexican fare. Still, this brunch is rather great as I think the price to quality ratio is really good. You will come out definitely feeling like you ate and drank well worth your $13.95. I don't know what other brunch around town that even has this low of a pricepoint for brunch with all 1you can drink!
3	Great food and good sized portions. The regular prices seem a bit high, but the lunch specials are really a good deal. The service is so-so, but everyone seems happy.
5	Awesome great food service drinks. I forgot what I had but this is our family fav mexican food place around
4	Big fan of the Michoacan chain in town.
4	At $13.95, their AYCE Sunday Brunch is a solid deal. Although the buffet looks small, there are ample offerings and they are mostly good. My favorites today included the Menudo, the Gallo Al Cognac, Shrimp Ceviche, the Huevos dish, and the fantastic Guacamole. The Chile Verde had a tasty sauce to it, but the beef was just too tough.What puts their Sunday Brunch over the top are the drink-till-you-drop margaritas and mimosas. I didn't try a mimosa, but I had a mango and a strawberry frozen margarita. I also tried the Midori frozen margarita and others in our gathering seemed to enjoy all of the available flavors. You can get a frozen or a classic margarita on the rocks.I don't venture up these parts often, but I'll keep it in mind the next time I'm looking for a solid Sunday Brunch.
5	I hosted a UYE (unofficial Yelp event) for their sunday brunch and the food and service was awesome. I wrote up a detailed review of my last visit and this one was just as good, possibly better. Consistency and value - they get the 5 stars. I think we will come here for Sunday brunch quite often actually. There was a smaller back room where we were seated. We got sat right away, even though our whole party wasn't here. We were able to make a reservation for it and our table was ready for us at 11:30am. I wondered if the menu changed per week and this was slightly different from this week to the last time I went. If you're curious of the offerings, they actually update their website menu for that weeks brunch so you know ahead of time what is in store. They keep staples the same but the soup rotated (last week- caldo de res, this week-menudo) and one signature dish changed (last week- shrimp ranchero, this week- gallo al cognac). The rest were consistent to what I thought of last week but these two new items were very good! The menudo was so tender, almost melty. The gallo al cognac was awesome. It had a yummy mushroom creamy sauce.... I don't know how Mexican this is, but it's something similar to a dish I make at home. They ended up being the favorites, along with a lot of people shoveling shrimp ceviche and guacamole in their faces. The one difference I found out about this visit was about the drinks. Yes, with the $13.95 buffet drinks come with, including mimosas and margaritas and I knew about that....BUT.... I thought that you can get only the house margarita last week, but found out this week you can also request flavors! They had so many, but the popular ones for the group were mango, strawberry, midori, midori pineapple. If you get flavored, they come blended UNLESS you specify on  the rocks. I prefer on the rocks myself. Service was very good, considering how big our party was and that the rest of the restaurant was also busy. Kyle was our main server and he was friendly and great on trying to keep up on the consistent beverage orders of the group. We had a few hiccups with drink orders, but I don't think having EXTRA margaritas brought to us was a fault at all. If someone wanted rocks and it came blended, someone in our party would want it. One nice touch was that it was Jieun L.s birthday this week and we were talking about it and wishing her well. Our server overheard us and took it upon himself to gather up some of the staff to play instruments and sing to her Mariachi style! They donned her in a giant sombrero and gifted her with a giant tequila shot and churros! It was a really nice touch and a fun highlight in our meal. I feel like the more people will catch on to this buffet, there's going to be a line to get seated and a price hike. Until then, the BF and I agreed to come often for the great value brunch. This is one of those places that is in my neighborhood and I feel, why haven't I tried this sooner? Finding out about the brunch was a really happy accident.
5	Brunch UYE with the gang could almost guarantee any event a five star rating. What made Michoacan a successful venture was the endless margaritas or mimosas, good quality food, and all for $13.95. The guacamole with cilantro, onions, jalapenos, and limes on the side allows the guest to doctor up the creamy green dip to their specification. All of those sides could also be added into the tripe menudo as well. Those two items would be the highlight of my meal. Other notable items would be the shrimp ceviche, fresh tortillas, and roasted jalapenos. Two plates was my limit, but it was well worth it.  Kyle, our server, was on it. Our table was flooded with margaritas at different points in our meal. There was never a point where we had an empty glass in front of us.
2	Nothing in my meal really stood out.  The carnitas were tender, but had absolutely no flavor and that seemed to be the theme of my meal.  Everything was rather bland and unexciting.  Service was fine, in that chain-restaurant-I'm-reading-from-a-script sort of way.I had been told good things about these restaurants with some people claiming it was quite authentic.  When it comes to Mexican food, I have equal love for authentic and full-on cheese sauce covered American, as long as it's done well.  This wasn't either.
5	Great food, I had the shrimp fajitas and they were delish! The margaritas are awesome and they make their tortillas there!
3	I don't find myself in the area often, but I was in the area visiting with one of my friends who I don't see nearly as often as I should I remember the buzz about the brunch options here. We arrived around 11 and were seated quickly. The layout of the restaurant is just awkward. The aisles are tight to say the least and the booths were even tighter. As we were sitting the wobbly table bucked up and nearly fell over. Lesson learned, hands off the table. We sat and waited quite some time before anyone approached us for a drink order. This was fine since we were catching up and distracted after not seeing each other for so long. Eventually a waiter came by to take our drink order but it was hard to get his attention with any more questions since the aisles were so tight as he was talking to other tables. We again sat a while, trying to figure out exactly what to do since no one told us where buffet was and we were tightly crammed in a booth across from a large family that had a child in a high chair that took up most of the aisle. Finally, we headed to the buffet area. It was jam-packed and there was quite a line. We waited patiently, but we were constantly having to move aside to let people pass and vice versa. The line was pretty slow, but we eventually filled our plates and headed back to the table. The food was ok. Nothing amazing, but I did quite enjoy the fresh tortillas and unlimited margaritas and mimosas. I didn't drink too much, but felt I got my money's worth. I think they need to have a better organization process for filling up the buffet as it got pretty sparse with the crowds of people waiting in line. Not sure if they could situate it in a better place in the restaurant but it was definitely in an awkward location since the walkways were narrow and the buffet is also on the way to bathrooms which makes for quite some congestion while people are waiting for their food and while the waitstaff is trying to transport drinks from the bar (which is also in this same small area) to guests.The food was pretty good and I was happy with the meal. Service was slow to begin with but as we sat there longer the servers finally started coming by with refills more often. I'd come back but maybe a little earlier to avoid the rush and request a table in a more open area of the restaurant, like the bar area, that was easier to get up and down from. I'm actually kind of surprised they didn't try to fill the bar area that is closest to the buffet with those partaking in the brunch and trying to put more a la carte guests in the back harder to get to booths. That's what I would suggest for better flow in the restaurant.
4	It was far better than I expected. I had the Dr Pepper steak and it was tasty with lots of spices.  Even my picky eater wanted some.  They sever chips with bean dip and salsa which was a hit with the baby.  The table side guac is always a plus.
3	Not a huge fan. I probably won't be back since it's so far North, but the price makes it worth a visit for unlimited margaritas and mimosas. The food was ok, but it was so cramped and hard to get food it became annoying and I didn't bother getting up for another plate. Service was ok, but started slow. We needed more direction to know where buffet was etc. Try to avoid the booths at all costs and you'll have a more comfortable meal.
4	Good food and drinks. Its a bit small in size so you feel crammed and like you're bumping into other tables as you try to maneuver around. The Margaritas are good, the food isn't greasy, and the prices are reasonable.
5	I have been dining at this location weekly since November 2012. We went in one saturday night for dinner and were hooked on the atmosphere, the food, and the live mariachi band!We go almost every week now and at the time of this review I seem to be "The Duke" of this location here on YELP because I check in every time we dine.This place is really worth it all around. It is individually owned these days and the quality of everything is superb. Family friendly and always packed on Friday and Saturday nights at dinnertime. Call ahead and they will put your name on the wait list. You can also reserve a table on their web site.The owner told me the entire interior design and all the items were hand selected from Mexico by himself and brought to the restaurant. It's a great atmosphere and the staff is friendly, quick, and knows how to serve hungry customers.THE FOOD:When you are seated you get chips, salsa, and bean dip. Always great!All of their sauces are made by hand fresh daily. I think they have 7 of them.We have tried, and LOVE the following dishes:- Chicken Fajitas- Carnitas (they serve them with a rib!)- Chicken Enchiladas (with the green sauce) This one is my favorite. The flavors are delicate, the chicken is shredded and tasty and it has me hooked. I normally ask for a side of shredded lettuce and cheese instead of the usual rice and beans. It's just my preference.They also have a awesome dessert that consists of a huge ball of fried ice cream surrounded by caramel sauce and sliced plantains (think bananas) that is lit on fire and served to you flaming! Soo good!I have heard their Sunday Buffet Brunch is pretty awesome, but I normally go on Saturday nights for the LIVE mariachi band so I miss going on Sunday.I signed up for their loyalty card the second time we went back. They put 5% of the total of your bill each time you dine on a gift card that you can just save up and use towards any meal. How awesome is that? I think I have close to $30 right now saved on it.The price of the food is very fair for the quality you get. Portion size is more than enough. All in all I can't say anything negative about this place... and no, I wasn't paid to write this. HAHA.
3	This place wasn't that bad and the people were really nice. The tortillas with avocado I ordered were a bit soggy so I didn't enjoy that. But everything else was great. Good staff
4	Tortilla soup. Best thing ever. The prices here are not cheap, but you get big plates and a ton of food. Plus the tortilla soup. They've redone this place a few times since it opened, and right now it is at its best (they use to have an open area with round tables...horrible) but it is kind of dark, and a little cramped some days. They have a pretty good menu when it comes to the regular mexican dishes, and the beans and rice are awesome.
1	Overpriced, mostly just rice and beans. Salsa was watered down. My first time at this location and it will be my last. Bussers run there ass off and servers seem to do nothing. Took forever for are food to get there and when it did it was cold. When I complained to the manager he barely spoke English. Anyways if you looking for great Mexican food look elsewhere.
1	gour*met (grme, gr me) n.  1. a connoisseur of fine food and drink; epicure.adj. 2. of, characteristic of, or designed for gourmets.3. of or involving fancy or exotic foods.They should remove the word "gourmet" from the restaurant sign. The chips were pretty good. The service was lacklustre and ambivalent (would it kill you to smile, mr waiter?). The lighting was too bright. The chile relleno was soggy and swimming in tomato saucey water (whuuuut?). The burrito was huge but also swimming next to the relleno and a bit soggy (I felt guilty for having had an animal live and die just to go into that). I don't know what the high reviewers see in this place...maybe other reviewers have assessed it rightly that they just don't know good quality food. Maybe the giant portion sizes impress them; for me, it's just more bad food. I actually prefer Taco Bell to this overpriced underwhelming "gourmet" restaurant. I was craving Leticia's but they were closed. Next time I'll just wait. This place has Leticia's prices but not even fast food quality.  Disappointing.
4	Ate here last Sunday for AYCE/D brunch. The ambiance was nice, the staff attentive and the margaritas and mimosas were flowing for those that wanted them (and they didn't go light on the alcohol in those drinks either)!I enjoyed the variety and freshness of what they had out for the taking, which not only included some Michoacan flavored Mexican dishes, but a couple main stay brunch items such as bacon and sausage.  The shrimp cerviche stood out as memorable, as did a tender beef dish I do recall the name of. Actually, everything I sampled tasted very good.If you want any of their freshly made tortillas (corn or flour) you have to ask your waiter / waitress for them. A couple at our table bitched about this, but after I explained that if they left them out at the buffet line they would either end up dried out or soggy, depending on how they were left out, they understood and enjoyed them fresh off the grill.Although the staff sport their "gringo" shirts I was not offended (takes a lot to offend this white boy), but it could others:gringo  (r) -- n  , pl -gos a person from an English-speaking country: used as a derogatory term by Latin Americans  We would eat here again, should any future stay in Vegas accommodate the detour.
3	I've this place many times since 2012.Food:Decent. Nothing spectacular. Happy Hours:Great price and large selection.A little pricey for regular meals.Drinks: Seem diluted. Server: Its a hit or miss. There are times, my guest and I waited 20 minutes before a server was available to take our order. No biggie.Overall...food is decent.Service can be 10/10 sometimes or a 2/10.Hit or miss..Would I return: Sure.
1	New to Vegas we heard this was the Best Mexican food in town, we were very disappointed. Atmosphere Excellent, Service Excellent Food....horrible.My parents were in town and wanted to hear some Mariachi's so this is why we went.We will never go back. Talking to other locals it may just be this location. So if you are doing to try them don't go here!
4	Food was OK, I didn't eat much as I met up with a few fellow Yelpers just after 10am and I wasn't all that hungry yet. Only tried a few things and they were all decent. Can't really argue with AYCE Brunch with bottomless mimosas/margaritas for $14. That my friends, is a STEAL.Service was fairly good, no complaints. I left early compared to the others so I may not have gotten my full $14 worth but I had a few mimosas and a plate of food so I'm not complaining :)
4	I went here with some crazy Yelpers on a Sunday morning for brunch.  It was AYCE plus bottomless mimosa and champagne from 10am-3pm.  We had a table in the very back of the restaurant and it was a smart move on their part as things got crazier the more mimosas we had... which was to be expected.Free chips, refried beans and salsa.  The buffet includes shrimp ceviche, chicken taquitos, chile verde,  caldo de pollo, flour tortillas, Michoacan potatoes, bacon, sausage, beef fajitas, chicken fajitas, guacamole, jalapeno poppers, rice, beans, salad, fruits, cookies and pastries.  I made 2 trips to the buffet line (I would've made more trips if I didn't have a food poisoning episode the night before) and filled my plates with beef and chicken fajitas, sausage, taquitos, guac and jalapeno poppers.  Food was tasty!We had the most profound conversations over champagne, mimosa, Midori, pina colada, etc.  The mimosas kept coming.  There was somebody celebrating their birthday at the next table.  So, the servers sang "Happy Birthday", put the sombrero on the person with the birthday and gave him a shot of tequila.  I've had 4 glasses of mimosa at this point and I may have uttered the word "birthday" because by my 5th mimosa, the servers came to our table, put a sombrero on my cabeza and started singing!  Jesus was playing the guitar and singing.  It was beautiful like church on Sunday.  But they didn't give me a shot of tequila, what gives? My birthday is not until August though.We were there for a good 3.5-4 hours  and it was definitely $13+ well-spent! We'll be back for sure!
1	Terrible service, terrible food. This is not the same as Lindo Michoacan's although it has many similarities. Do not go.
5	Sunday buffet for $13 all you can eat and drink.
5	Smells good in here!So, I came here to celebrate Cathy's birthday.  Well, one of the many days she's celebrating it.  I live on the complete opposite side of town, but it was well worth the trip.  I don't know how to gauge distance to time in Vegas.  Needlessly to say, I was early.  But, that's okay, I don't mind being early.The 8 of us were seated in the back room.  Good move as the language can get a little "Salty".  Especially after the all you can drink margaritas and mimosas kick in.  I took advantage of that aspect of the buffet.  Which, by the way, was $13.95, with the drinks included.The food was good, for the buffet.  I had a huge plate, then focused my attention on the bottomless margaritas.  Our waiter was great and on the ball.  The highlight was the singing of Happy Birthday and Kathy wearing a sombrero.  I think we were there for 3 hours just drinking and cracking wise.  I would make the drive again to hang out with this group.  Good times were had!
5	AYCE (buffet style) and AYCD (mimosas, champagne, midori, margaritas, horchata, and soft drinks) from 10am-3pm on Sundays.  All for only $13...that's stupid cheap!And that's all you really need to know LOL.  If that doesn't sound like a deal, I dunno what you want!!The food is good, but I never expect a buffet-like setup to wow me.  The drinks are pretty weak, but they taste good and are bottomless...so how can I complain?  :PService is pretty fast and friendly too.  We were here for 3hrs and never felt rushed.Just hope you tip a few bucks extra if you hang out and drink as much as I did lol.
4	The Details:-Sunday Brunch 10:00am - 3:00pm-Bottomless flavored margaritas and mimosas-Mimosas use fruit puree, not syrups-AYCE brunch buffet; items seem to mostly stay the same week to week-Fresh tortillas!-Accommodates large parties-No auto gratuityThe food is decent, but you get fresh tortillas and fresh guacamole!  The margaritas may been a bit weaker than you're used to, but they're bottomless!  Service has been great, as the groups I've been with have been known to stay for three hours or longer, and the staff never gives us a hard time.  It's a fun little place to start your Sunday mornings with a little alcohol.
4	After getting my swole on at the gym I hit up my broski Milkshake to grab some food. He tells me about this Mexican restaurant called Michoacan. At first I thought he was talking about the new Mexican Transformers movie similar to the Decepticons. Sadly he wasn't and we were headed on our way. After we parked we started walking towards the restaurant and all of a sudden a young African American urban youth appears on some cheap poverty scooter. I didn't think kids rode those things anymore. The 10 yr old compliments my bro on his legit/10 tats and then asks us for a dollar! His homies were prolly laughin at his broke a$$. So my bro goes "yo kid, you way too young to begging for money. How about you get a job?" I started lol'ing and as we walked inside, the urban youth yells "hobos!" I was like this cant be real tea.  We walked in and said "2". The Latinas were mirin. They knew our status. We sit down and in 2 minutes ordered waters and a beer. After grubbing on dat dere nachos with bean dip we ordered fajitas and a burrito. Chicken burrito.  The bar was starting to get packed with overweight blonde girls with a tattoo on her back that said "American Girl Bada$$" or something like that. I lol in my head and continued the conversation with my bro. Server was great and so was the food. There was an older Mexican dude playing the keyboard. Every song sounded the same. Some kind of Mariachi music. It reminded me of the time when I was in SA at the Alamo.  Despite the urban youths running around outside trying to hustle, I would definitely eat here again.
5	when I'm craving a chelada, chips and salsa with some fideo soup prior to my meal I pick this place, great service and great food. you can see the ladies making tortillas  through a glass window like in old town san diego. I've tried just about everything on the menu and haven't found a flaw.
1	Give me a break this place sucks big time it's over price. I don't mind paying top dollars for good quality food. I order their steak plate it wasn't even close to a real steak it was DIESMILLO which is one of the cheapest meat cuts of the the beef for that price I was expecting at least a beef skirt steak.
1	It was packed, Friday night. Service was good, but the food, to put it nicely, SUCKED.Chicken fajita for two was filled with chicken pieces that looked like they were scraped from a slaughter room floor. The seasoning made the chicken orange, and several pieces were nothing but connective tissue. Onions were not on the serving plate -- well there was one small piece of onion. Flan for desert, was an insult to flan everywhere and was soaked in something like pancake syrup. All in all, TERRIBLE, TERRIBLE, TERRIBLE. Never again!
5	Great food, exceptional service and a nice atmosphere. The recipe for a perfect restaurant. Will recommend and will definitely revisit!
3	Shrimp cocktails here are the magic trick to curing your hangover!
2	Boo! Went for the Sunday brunch buffet and for about $15/pp I was.disappointed. Sure they offer unlimited margaritas and mimosas with ur meal but even that couldn't get me to come back. The "buffet" was small and had items such asSalad with various dressingsTaquitosBeef fajitasChile VerdeCevicheGuacamolePozole or menudo (can't remember which)FruitSweet breadWhipped creamBaconPotato hashAnd a few other itemsFirst nothing was fresh and second nothing was hot. Most things were warm-ish like the taquitos. Who wants a cold taquito? The beef fajitas were swimming in oil..The Chile Verde was decent it wasnt hot but it was warm enough to at least taste ok. I mostly filled up on the chips and salsa they bring to your table when u first sit down. They come with a mild salsa and bean dip which is pretty tasty and I got a big bowl of guacamole from the buffet to dip the chips into as well. I also had some Mexican sweet bread with some whip cream and it was probably the best thing I ate. I did order a mimosa which was standard nothing special buy it was nice that it was included.The only other thing to mention was the little glass room right in the middle of the restaurant thats attached to the kitchen....an older lady was in there making homemade tortillas and it was pretty cool to watch. At least we know something is fresh there!
5	Best place for Mexican food in north west las Vegas.... they serve fideo soup prior to your meal which is yummy and the waiters and waitresses are so attentive.....
5	I love this place been here 100 times! Been some slip ups but always fixed. With a smile always!
3	This place is way far away but to meet some quality people I made the drive! I love mexican food, I've been to quite a few parties where the families have cooked and its some amazing food.  So I come to this place and after the rave reviews expected a lot.  The atmosphere is quaint and nice, and the service is spectacular.  It also probably helped they weren't that busy.  The chips and salsa were good, not overly salty and as usual addictive.  I ordered the tacos, they only had hard shells and the shell was overly greasy and fell apart immediately.  i ended up eating it like an open faced sandwich.  My friends got burritos and meat dishes and they looked pretty good, and i usually love fajitas so maybe I'll give it a second chance should I be up that way again.  I did like that now they have outdoor seating and there is a lot of other nice places nearby.
2	Service was excellent. They kept checking on us to make sure our drinks were never empty and to make sure the bean dip and chips were replenished. With that being said, I wish I could say the same for the food and comfort. I'm not sure why there are sooo many great reviews on the food here. Maybe I am spoiled from being raised in a Hispanic family and having authentic food? but then again, they are supposed to have "authentic" food. My 5 yr old wanted a chicken taco. She loves chicken. I saw her taking the chicken out, and I asked her what was wrong? she said she does not like it. Seeing that this little girl is a meat lover, we found that odd, so my wife tried the chicken and spit it out. She even showed me how it looked. It looked old and like it was microwaved. It was terrible and tasted like poultry without seasoning. My wife and I had the Carne Asada Torta, it was edible but it was nothing to make us return. The steak could have had more flavor The fideo soup had NO flavor at all. None of us finished it. The bean dip was just okay. The rice, I will admit was good. It was the best thing we had there.  Seating is very uncomfortable for a family of 5. They sat is in an area next to the door. There was a wall but it had a decorative window opening in which all the cold air kept coming in, every time the door was opened it did not close because it would get stuck. Our food was freezing cold in a matter of minutes and my kids had to eat with their coat on. ( it is December). Needless to say, we will NOT be returning to Michoacan. We will stick to Leticias.
1	First time here for Sunday Brunch and either   I'm invisible or they don't like the football jersey that I'm wearing but I can't get any service... 5 different servers keep walking by taking care of everyone else in my section but not one asks me if I need anything or even looks my way... I won't be back here again...
4	Love this place! If you love Mexican food you definitely have to try this place out! My favorite is hands down the flour tortilla chicken flautas! This is a great mixture with the complimentary chips salsa and beans that you get before you order! Also they have a Sunday brunch buffet that is always a great deal. From the homemade tortillas to the Mexican favorites for breakfast. Juevos con hamon, chile verde con pollo, bacon! Always got to have bacon! It's just a great atmosphere with live music playing
5	This place is fantastic authentic Mexican food! The chicken michoacan is delicious. Service was fast and friendly. Highly recommended!!!
5	My wife & I frequent this restaurant in NW Las Vegas whenever we go out for Mexican food. The various camarones dishes are my favorite, always good. We've been to many restaurants in LV over the past 20 years - this is one of the best managed places we've been to. I always figure, if the restrooms are spotless, that's probably indicative of the cleanliness of the cooking areas. This owner takes special care in running an establishment where the customer is king. Because he is focused on the customer we often go out of our way to give him our business. I'd highly recommend giving it a try.
4	Awesome place. Food is always good. The servers are pretty good too. In the last 2 years I've only had one not-so-good experience with takeout. When I went to pick up there were two hostesses that didn't look so thrilled to be there and were a little on the rude side. Which was pretty surprising since I never had any issues before, other than that i recommend this place for anyone wanting some tasty food! :)
5	This has become my new found place to get fajitas.  Service is out of this world. They are always smiling and helpful. Oh and don't forget fast. The food is on a whole different lvl. Its beyond yummy.
3	This was my first experience here I felt the restaurant had too many lights on it was very bright and took away from the ambience .The music was really good by a live band. Was not too loudI ordered the shrimp Fajitas it was delicious but the shrimp were not jumbo size as it was advertised , lots of onions more than I expected. The dessert is what I really enjoyed the fried ice cream was on fire , enough for two people. Absolutely delicious. .
1	As a long time customer of their Sunday buffet, I am now disappointed. Forever, the buffet was approximately 13 dollars and included unlimited mimosas or margaritas. Today we visited and now it is $7 extra for mimosas or margaritas. I understand inflation but not extortion. We expressed our concern on their buffet now costing $20. After that, we didn't see our waiter again! I'm not paying that sort of money for a Sunday buffet. Perhaps that is why they didn't have a wait today. On a positive note I have heard from their manager explaining their change. I appreciate the feedback and  that says a lot about their business.
1	Being Hispanic & knowing what this food should taste like, you have a better chance of getting more authentic at Taco Bell. The food is awful, tastes NOTHING like Mexican food. So tasteless, definitely different from my first visit but that was on the eastside of Vegas so that might be why.
5	Let me start by saying we are so blessed to have a 5 star gourmet Mexican restaurant so close to home!  If you want quality food and service this is the place.  We have been fans and customers for 3+ years.  Their entire menu is awesome as is their Sunday brunch.  The service is the best I have ever had including all of the strip restaurants we have frequented.  Like other 5 star restaurants, if you would like something that is not listed on the menu just ask.  They always deliver!
2	sorry... my least fav of the Michoacan restaurants. Love love love the original one on Desert Inn. The one on Decatur is good, and like the one on Flamingo. This one is not up to par.... it is the closest to my house, but I will drive to another location because this one is just not the same level of food.Service is good, thats why I am giving them the 2 stars, and the chips beans and salsa are good no matter what location you pick.I have eaten here 5 or 6 times, just not the same as the other locations......
4	Love the complimentary chips, beans and salsa that they give you. By the time the main course is brought out, I'm already full
4	The staff was very friendly and brought us whatever we needed right away. They even brought a complimentary soup for our baby to eat - which he liked! My husband and I both ordered a combo meal. Both of them came with plenty of food! My cheese enchilada was tasty with not too much cheese and the red sauce was great! My beef taco was a bit bland, but this has been my experience with most all Mexican places. The complimentary salsa, chips, and bean dip were good as well. We would eat here again!
3	I've honestly eaten here at least once a month over the last couple of years with different friends and family. Some have loved it and some have not but have never personally had a bad experience until now.The good: it was a weekday afternoon so it wasn't too busy. The hostess is always friendly as was our waiter this time. Fresh chips, warm bean dip and tortillas being made just a few feet away.The bad: ordered a chicken enchilada but was served beef. When I brought it to the waiter's attention, he informed me I could find chicken in the other half of the enchilada and then walked away. Really? The ugly: the sopa tarasca was extra oily. So much so, I could only take a few bites. We asked for the check three times and every time was told "oh my god I'm so sorry". 45 minutes later we got our check after our party of four stood up to walk out because we couldn't wait for it anymore.Three stars because aside from the oily soup, everyone enjoyed their food. Even my beefy chicken enchilada.
5	My favorite Mexican place to eat! Love there food and customer service. Very friendly and super attentive. I love there chips with beans and salsa.
1	Review is based on my first and last online order. I've been coming here for years so I was excited to see they now offered online ordering. It's been over 40 minutes and counting waiting for 2 bowls of soup that should have been ready 30 min ago. Will not order online again.
1	We tried this place a couple of years ago and weren't impressed.  Thinking perhaps we may have just hit them on an off night, we decided to give them another chance last week.  Sad to say, we should have stayed with our first impression.  After we were seated, it took nearly 10 minutes for anyone to acknowledge we were there and at least get some water.  This was just the beginning of extremely poor service.  When our food arrived, mine was wrong.  I had ordered beef enchiladas and received chicken.  When I pointed it out to our server, he offered to take it back, but being that my spouse had already been served, it didn't seem fair for their food to go cold while waiting for mine, so I just accepted what they served.  As before, the first time we were there, the food itself barely made mediocre.  Mexican cusine is one of my absolute favorites and this one repeatedly falls short.  There is no life in their plates.  The food just sits there begging to be taken away.  It is bland and unimaginative and very unsatisfying.  I understand that this is one of three or four locations Michoacan has in the greater Las Vegas area.  This one has runied the brand for me and I most assuredly will not be returning here or to any of the other locations.
5	My wife and I go here often. The food is very good but what sends this place over the top for us is the superior service. By now the wait staff know us by name and treat us like old friends. I'm sure the level of service we receive is observed behavior from Mark, the owner who is often wondering the restaurant, striking up friendly conversation with customers. I am happy to say the great habits of the owner, Mark, have rubbed off well to the hired staff. I can honestly say, even on days we dine there and Mark is not there, the waiters, waitresses, services, bartenders all have treated us very well.As far as the food, I have not had a bad meal. The menu is very large and there is a large selection. I personally recommend the seafood selections but if your unsure, I have always received great recommendations from the waiters.
2	I went there with my wife and two daughters. Had a little wait no problem expected, had options to be seated outside under the patio. Ok no problem, got our drinks with in 15 min ok it's busy, no big deal. Orderd our food , had guacamole for a app. Made at the table was great, a little chunky  and under seasoned, I'm ok still staying possitve for a good day, no silverware or napkins at the table, ask the waiter to bring some. Puts a pile of forks spoons and knives in the middle of the table. Ok still staying possitve. Then the wait, 38 min ( yes I was timing)  I asked the waiter about the time and said it was coming. 10 min later food came, everyones food was warm at best. Not a good experience for a specail day. If it's a matter of being busy should have not seated people. This location is closed for me.
5	Always a great experience here.  My wife and I come here pretty regularly.  As another reviewer stated Mark the owner does his best to greet guests and is often seen helping in the bar or talking with the customers.  We truly feel like family here.  They always greet us with a smile and continue to exceed our expectations. I would highly recommend this restaurant. Excellent food, excellent service, excellent atmosphere!  We also love it when they have live music, truly adds to the experience. The best Mexican restaurant in Vegas.
1	Horribly disappointing. The Janitzio was pretty tasteless- The beef taco was burnt and the enchilada was practically empty. Choose your own margaritas were missing triple sec which is a staple for margarita making. The server was short with his interaction and appeared bothered. Is the tequila watered down? Because after consuming two, might I add I choose Anejo tequilas, my buzz was practically non-existent and should've been much stronger. Ugh. I will not be back.
5	Great breakfast, lunch, and dinner...oh and happy hour!!!
5	I flew into Vegas thinking about eating here. A whole year without and I was so excited. They were courteous, fast, not to pricey, wide and varied menu, and finally lived up to my taste memory.
3	The food was okay, but it was not as flavorful as some of the other Mexican places I have tried. Either the food needs to taste more flavorful, or the price needs to be lower.
5	Of all the places in Las Vegas, the one thing that ALWAYS stands out for me is the Owners take the time and come around and say Hi and check to make sure everything is going well. Makes it feel like they know me. The soup is yummy and all their dishes have been perfectly. Birthdays are also fun for a quick shot if thats your thing. Great place to stop with friends and family.
5	I've been here about 5-10 times. The service here is amazing every single time. The food is above average. On my first visit i had fresh guac made at my table and one of the servers was singing to guests.On my last visit i took my family there while they were in town (My mom loves the cognac chicken). There were about 7of us including 2toddlers. Everyone was so sweet and patient. The owner or manger even came out and asked how everything was. Almost every meal has come with a soup. My kids love it. I love enchiladas, theirs aren't the best. I think it's the sauce.. idk..My husband gets the burrito bionico. It's huge, he loves it. And I'd say He's a burrito expert. The complimentary chips are always fresh, they give you yummy Salsa, not too spicy, very tasty. They also give you a bean dip. I'm not a fan of beans but i love their bean dip. Fresh tortillasThey give you a free warm churro if you can pronounce one of the Mexican countries. That was fun. Every hostess, server, has been very attentive. Decor is old school Mexican, very cute.
5	Been many times and the service is usually good.  Food is always excellent.   Typically I don't eat the fideo because it's salty but tonight it was better so I adked for chopped chili's.   I received fresh chopped jalapeno that were spicy, I dropped them in and YUM.  Food was timely, drink was perfect,  family was happy.   Luis and his team were on it tonight.
5	Had brunch Sunday and the food was great. There was a nice selection and everything was tasty. The chips and salsa were fantastic as usual. Looking forward to going back.
1	DO NOT EAT HERE!!!  Went here for my birthday; there were seven of us.  Six of us got sick with one going to doctor and being diagnosed with viral hepatitis...that comes from employees who don't wash hands after restroom use and transfers bowel or urine remnant to the foods during prep.  That then resulted in acute pancreatitis.  Missed work for a week and a half.  Most miserable week ever!  Do yourself a favor...DO NOT EAT HERE!!!
1	My mom and I went there for happy hour. We ordered the tableside guacamole.  It was ok. Nothing special. When we received our bill, they not only tried to charge us full price for our drinks, they tried to charge us for premium liquors we never ordered. We had to call a manager over to fix it. They tried to overcharge us by $30. I will never go back here.
5	This place was great. Food made like my grandma makes. The fajitas had an abundance of colorful bell peppers, homemade tortillas. My pollo and nopalitos plate was so tasty, my son had beef tacos dorados. They were like my family recipe. Horchata was refreshing and not too sweet. Rice and beans are decent and the guacamole molcajete was Sooo delicious!!! Service was excellent! We will be back. Those margaritas are on my hit list!
5	We have been a fan of the Michoacan brand of  restaurants for years.  We have visited all of them at one point or another and many times for a special occasions like birthday's.  I cannot count how many time I have been called ponchito. Everything is fresh and delicious.  I always go for a combination plate because I can never decide on just one thing so I decided to eat three.  The fresh guacamole made table side is a must have.  The service is always top notch. Everyone is very attentive to the guests needs weather it be a refill of water or chips and salsa.  If you cannot decide on what to get ask a server and they will make a recommendation you will not be disappointed with.  These guys are locally owned and operated so be sure to go out and support them.Sunday they do a brunch with 30 plus items that always look delicious.  I will have to try that one day soon.Sometimes during the week they have a man playing a piano and singing which can add a nice vibe to your delicious meal.
3	The food here is always great. Unfortunately, the service is hit or miss. I always get the cheese enchiladas and one beef taco. The taco shells are freshly made and the beef is shredded instead of ground. They also have great albondigas soup. Three stars because of inconsistent service.
1	This is the worst place I have ever been to! I could of made better food in my house with the privilege of not dealing with horrible servers. Our server probably said two words the entire time, otherwise he would just stand there. Our drinks were not refilled. We were never asked how the food was, which was bad! I will not be coming back due to the service, food, and outrages prices.
3	Overall we had an ok experience. The customer service was on point, my margarita was delicious, and my husband's pork burrito was amazing and was enough for 2 people. No complaints from him. I got a chicken enchilada and pork tamale. I asked for all rice and no beans, but they gave me beans anyways. The server took it back and within 5 minutes I had the correct order. My food however was not as delicious as my husbands. Everything was pretty bland. The enchilada was flavorless, the tamale had very little pork and was mushy, and the rice was plain. We will most likely return, but definitely getting the burrito or tacos.
5	This is one of our favorite places.  We have been coming for years.  The food is good. Maybe not the most earth shattering Mexican food I've ever had,  but good.  We have been coming so long we all have our favorite dishes. My daughters both go crazy for the sopa de fideo.  I love the grilled fish tacos or the ensalada marinera.  My husband loves the carnitas, flautas, and sopitos. We have recently discovered their brunch buffet and I'm now amiss that we hadn't been going for years prior. Most of their best menu options are available but the best thing is the pan dulce. I don't know if they make it in house or have it brought in but the conchas are to die for. The biggest reason we have been regular patrons so long and will continue to be is the staff. Some of the servers have literally watched our kids grow up. They're always so kind and effecient.
2	Food:  Below average.  I tried the rib eye steak, lacked seasoning. My wife had the milanesa, it was crispy and slightly above average.  The fresh guacamole was also just average, not great.  The fried icecream was terrible. Nothing like stale soggy cornflakes to ruin good ice cream.Service: Terrible. After sitting unattend for the first 6 minutes a server brought us chips, salsa, and their bean dip; he left before we could ask for drinks. Five minutes later someone came and took our drink order. About 20 minute in we got our drinks and ordered. They brought my steak without a steak knife and forgot my tortillas, but I didn't notice till the waiter stepped away. Since they were no were to be seen, I mushed through it with a butter knife.  Later in the meal they did refill our waters a few times.  As we were finishing up, they were very quick to clear away our plates.Overall, the food is far from special.  The service was slow and unattentive. I would not recommend this place to a friend and I would never return.
