5	I am sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo glad we found this place...... because the experience has been wonderful! They have been very welcoming and helpful throughout our wedding planning. Every one there has not only helped us out with the venue but have also offered ideas that have been great!! The place itself is amazing!!!! I am so excited to be getting married in such a gorgeous rustic venue!!!! Im not sure why the first reviewer would automatically go towards personal attacks on people that she doesn't know...but I guess everyone is different in the way they express their frustrations. Our wedding is coming up so I will follow up with a post wedding review... up to now, it has been nothing less than amazing!*****UPDATE******* We had our wedding there a couple weeks ago and just as promised here is an update.... NO CHANGE.. Jenny and her staff continued to be their helpful, amazing, friendly, fun selves. Our wedding turned out to be everything we had imagined and hoped for thanks to these fine people and their exceptional establishment (of course we also give credit to our family, friends and other wonderful vendors, but it would have not be the same without WTR). Everything was perfect! The Whispering Tree Ranch staff is the best you can find. I think Im already having WTR withdrawls, I might have to go visit just to take in a little more of the absolute wonderfulness that is Whispering Tree Ranch and the staff. :)
5	I had my wedding here March 7th, 2014 and used all the vendors that Jennny recommended, except the photographer because we had our  own :) This place was so amazing, I couldn't have asked for a better wedding! The ENTIRE process was completely stress free. Even the wedding day itself had no problems what so ever! She did all the decorations and set everything up along with the clean up. I had a million compliments from guests about how beautiful the venue was. It was perfect,a and so so so affordable!
1	Although some people may have had good experiences with this location, their recent attitude towards clients is sub par.  I've been trying to get a hold of them ever since their open house and nobody returns phone calls, answers messages, and all I get is canned emails.  Part of me would really like to follow through with this venue, but the other part of me is screaming run away.  If NOBODY can get in touch with them to schedule, then how can we expect them to come through.  The latest "rumors" were that the site manager has health problems.  I feel really sorry for her, but if you can run your business, then count me out.
5	We had a PERFECT wedding, between Jenny ' s amazing venue and some additional ideas...i may be a little bias but it was my favorite wedding. Haha. Jenny and her crew went ABOVE AND BEYOND they were so helpful, I didn't have to worry one bit. I am going to include some pics friends got but will share awesome pics that my photographer got of the venue when she sends them .....Thanks Jenny, I'll miss you!!
5	We had our wedding at Whispering Tree Ranch on November 28, 2014.  I cannot properly explain how phenomenal Jenny and her team were.  Everything was perfect.  The venue was beautiful and ready to go, the service staff was attentive and not over-bearing, and our attendees were amazed by the venue.  Jenny met with us multiple times to review details and even though she was extremely busy, she always made time to return emails and phone calls.
1	If I could give this place zero stars, I would. Let me just begin by saying that when we found Whispering Tree Ranch, everything seemed to be so perfect. Jenny was very responsive to phone calls, emails and even texts. She seemed so happy that we booked with her and really was doing everything possible to make this wedding happen. Then things took a turn for the worst. She had a "family emergency" (seems to be a trend from down below in the previous comments) and went M.I.A. for a while because of it. Didn't have time to return any form of communication we were trying to have with her. Finally, when she decided she was able to come back to work, she got back to us. From then on, she was very up and down with her emotions. We didn't know if we were going to get good Jenny or bad Jenny. We literally were walking on egg shells with her. We were afraid to make her mad, or say something to set her off. It was very uncomfortable. She was horrible at getting back to my wedding planner. We were literally struggling to have ANY form of communication. She would just get back to us whenever she felt it convenient. With 14 day before my wedding (November 1st), she literally stopped talking to us. We had to make final decisions with parking and she chose to not get back to us. Finally, 9 days before my wedding, she wrote my wedding planner an email stating that "we either give Jenny full control of the wedding- even down to the decorations, or we could get our money back and find another venue". I was literally in shock! Who does that to a bride 9 days before the wedding? That same day, my mother and wedding planner showed up at Whispering Tree Ranch and asked Jenny for a full refund, like she said we would get in the email. She was shocked that we were getting the refund, but did follow through with her word and gave us all of our money back. I really believe she used that as a threat, not thinking we would actually choose finding another venue in 9 days. Even though we were getting our money back and were done with The Whispering Tree Ranch and especially Jenny, she was so persistent and NEEDED to know where we were having the wedding. We never told her, since it was none of her business, but she sure did try to find out all the details of what we were doing now that we had chose the refund out of the 2 options she gave us. All in all, Whispering Tree Ranch seemed like the perfect package. It really IS the perfect package if you take Jenny out of the equation. We did nothing but struggle to communicate and have what was written and signed in our wedding contract with Whispering Tree Ranch held to what it was supposed to be. Jenny is a control freak and definitely doesn't like when she can't have her way, or if there is any form of a wedding planner involved. Never in my wildest nightmares would I have imagined planning a completely different wedding 9 days before my wedding date. If you want Jenny to do everything for you, then this is your venue. But if you have plans of your own, please do not waste your time and energy here. All it will bring you is sleepless nights due to anxiety caused by Jenny.
