4	Viva la Vista!One of Summerlin's greatest attributes are the many parks dispersed throughout it's streets and neighborhoods. Some are easier to find than others but some are nicely tucked away and hidden within the suburbs. The Vistas park is an example of a nice place to take your family and friends for a nice picnic or just to jog around with the family dog.The amenities this park has to offer is just above the rest of the parks in Summerlin. The play area for children is spacious and open for all the children to run and play. Most places are cramped and/or are falling apart. Las Vegas' parks really aren't that bad at all. Of the times I've come here, I've seen little leagues playing on the 2 baseball diamonds they have at the Vistas. There is a person who runs the snack area when the little leagues are playing.There is also a big gazebo with plenty of tables and seating. My church held a gathering at the gazebo recently and used many of the park's amenities here. There are BBQ pits near the gazebo that have been clean everytime we were there to use them. The gazebo comes equipped with a sink to clean and wash anything that needs it. Not too far from the gazebo is large grassy area for picnics in the shade or relaxing with a book.If you follow the path into the parking lot, you'll see a large basketball court area that is lit until 10pm. I've played against the competition here to prepare for a basketball tournament and they have been friendly enough to provide that to me and my team. Right next to the court are two lit tennis courts that are clean and aren't too busy to play in. There are people who play regularly so if you're by yourself and you're looking for a chance to play some tennis, ask to join in on the folks who play here and they'll be willing to let you in.The football field that the Vistas park has is usually taken up by little league games or high school teams practicing. I've never seen this field lit up unless it was occupied by someone so don't count on having the entire field to yourself and your friends unless you get lucky enough to grab it after therefore or practices.Overall, the Vistas is a great place to take the family for a picnic or get the friends together throw the football around and get some great BBQ going! I've come to the park once when the city was hosting the Tour de Summerlin bike marathon! Cyclists gathered to compete in this and there many people around, but we were still able to have fun without anyone getting in each other's way. Take a look at the Las Vegas website to see if any city events are going on before you decide to set ups a huge family reunion though.  Check it out if you're in the area next time and you'll know what I mean!
4	First off the picture for this park is incorrect. That picture shows one of the Tower Parks in the Vistas. Not the Vistas Park itself.This park really shines! Literally blinding! The maintenance is superb. Always clean & the grass is always green (when it's not summertime).The park is always full of people! Joggers. ballers, mothers! They're here! Watching little league, tennis-a-racketing, football fieldin, bar-b-qin'!This park's got it all.Downside was that the lights were off at 10pm! C'mon, it's summertime, & I'm still active! :]
5	Great park in the NW part of town.  I've only been here in the evenings for the past couple of weeks for my boot camp classes, so can't comment on what the park looks like in daylight!  From what I can tell, the park is well-maintained and boasts ample picnic tables.  The restrooms are clean and well-lit.  Nice play area for kids with that cool "spongy" matting and big fields for football, ultimate, etc.  Yay for urban green areas!
4	I like the Vistas Park it's clean, green, and quiet.  Located in a nice Summerlin area not that far from Red Rock Casino.They have basketball and tennis courts, football and baseball fields with scoreboards, a pavilion with many picnic tables, BBQ areas, and play ground for the kids. It's also lighted.I always see people here but it's never that busy and has lots of parking.
5	This is a very well maintained park.  I come here for the basketball court and football field.  This is one of the only courts in really good condition from the actual surface to the rims.  For whatever reason so many courts in Vegas are slippery which is very dangerous in such a fast-paced game like basketball.The football field is also standard, but is open to the public (unlike many high schools) and has that small town feel to it without the bleachers.I wish it was a little closer to my house, but it's a nice escape nestled into a subdivision on the way to Red Rock Canyon.
4	Clean and safe park elevated in foothills of Vegas so a bit cooler as well. Nice at night to occupy the kids
5	WOW, this park is awesome!  If you haven't been to this park, you need to right away because it is just lovely!  First off the playground area!  The play area is huge!  It has 2 separate play areas, one for little kids and one for bigger kids.  Each play area has different slides, climbing options based on skill level, and fun things to play with, on top of, and around.  The big kids section is actually 3 stories on one area and has a climbing wall!  No joke, a legit climbing wall!  And the absolute best thing about this park is......it has SWINGS!  So many parks do not have swings any more, but Vistas does!  The have both baby swings and regular swings here, so there is fun for everyone!The area is also shaded pretty well, which is a must in Vegas.  It also has the nice, squishy, foam/cork flooring in case of falls.  The ground is so squishy that I even enjoyed walking on it because it was almost like walking in a moon bounce.  There is also a ton of seating around the play area for when you need a break from chasing your kiddo.  There is also a good sized field next to the play area, so you can run around and play other games out that way.  It has small rolling hills, so it is a nice place to walk around.  The grass is well maintained and I didn't see any muddy or dirt areas.  This is a good thing because my kid will always find the dirt/mud and will just jump in and start rolling around and make such a mess!On top of the regular areas, there are also basketball courts, tennis courts, and a football field.  This park definitely has something for everyone and for all ages.   On a side note, this park is across the street from an elementary school.  This normally isn't an issue, but if you go down there around the time school is going to let out for the day, all of the parents picking their kids up will take all of the parking spots and clog up the roads around the park.  You won't be able to park anywhere and will be stuck in traffic for a good 10 minutes or more.  So either go when school is in or 30 minutes after school lets out.  FYI, this school normally lets out about 3pm.
5	This park is awesome. It is always clean and there is plenty of shade. I love bringing my dog here and kids whenever I can find them. They have a great play area It is also great for picnics and seems to be very safe.It is usually families or moms with their kids. I do not see a lot of local crazies walking around this park. They have a basketball court different kids plat areas depending on age group and tons of picnic tables.
5	Awesome park. Feel very safe there. Very clean. Nice manicured lawns, nice playground, and nice court.
5	This park is really clean and quiet! It feels extremely family & pet friendly. You feel safe here! It's nice to take a walk with your pet or play with your family.It's good exercise and a nice way to get away from the buzz of the busy city. There are a lot of surrounding neighborhoods, and the area is pretty close to the mountainside. It's really an oasis; a home away from home!
