4	Finding Ultimate Auto is liking finding some cool, signless club in Scottsdale. But once you do, you're in baby. You're in! It's located behind several car dealerships in a tiny two store strip mall type building. Unlike a club, however, they do not card you or serve drinks. But they do take credit cards and always have a pot of coffee warmed up. Greg and John have been running this business for years and have quite the cult following. And because I don't speak "car", they always speak to me in a way I can understand. "Your car is broken." "We will fix it." You know, like that. I never felt cheated or scammed and they always, always let you know what's necessary and what can wait. Like the brakes are running metal on metal and the visor mirror is broken. Naturally, I had the mirror replaced first. So, ultimately, I don't want to be at Ultimate. But if I must, a cup of java and hanging with Greg and John, in this tony Scottsdale hood, just ain't so bad.
5	OK, no one likes getting their car fixed, but these guys make you feel as good as possible about spending your moeny with them.  They're cheaper than the BMW dealer, with the same or better queality service.And they will level with you.I took my car in and it had a list of issues.  I told them that I was in the last leg of saving for a new house and asked what absolutley positively needed to be done...  stuff that if it weren't done would actually cost more later.  They were completely cool and honest about it. As stated, I don't think they are the cheapest, but they use all geniine parts (unless told otherwise) and in the end a re a very good value.I'd recommend them to anyone with a BMW.
5	See review under "Ultimate Auto" at the same address.  This is a duplicate listing.Hugely recommend Ultimate Auto if you have a BMW.  If you don't, well, you're out of luck as it seems that is all that they do.
5	Greg is da man for BMW. I watched him pull the heads off his car in the paddock at the track to fix a problem, then take the car out and win 2nd place in the GTS-3 National Championship against a very tough field of Porsche GTs. Greg is definitely one of the top BMW mechanics in the country. He also gets points in my book because he doesn't just repair BMW's for a living, he lives, drives, races, and wins NASA GTS National Championships with BMWs!
5	I would highley recommend this place, i get my BMW serviced there, service is VERY FAST, they always have time to LOOK at your car and explain to you what is wrong- My last issue turned out to be a simple belt and they took care of it within an hour
5	I can't recommend this shop highly enough.  The small local dealer where I bought my BMW recommended them to me and I'm so glad they did!  Local family owned shop, and everyone there lives & breathes BMWs.  Very reasonable labor rates, friendly and approachable environment, they remember your name, and aren't trying to rack up your bill.  The only downside is no "free" car wash like at the dealer - but I'd rather pay $10 for the car wash around the corner than suffer through jacked up rates and shenanigans at the dealer service bay.  I love this little shop and totally trust them with my car!
5	I've been a customer of Ultimate auto works for 15 years, and they have maintained 6 different BMW's for us. I refer every Bimmer owner I know to them, because they are honest, do great work and are great people.  They get the work done correctly and promptly, at a very reasonable cost.
5	Lets face it. No one loves taking their BMW's in for repairs. If you didn't renew your warranty, you know it is going to be expensive. However, I recently took my wife's BMW in for them to look at it because it was having trouble starting. Expecting the worst, I got a call from the shop saying they found the problem. It was simply the sensor was not plugged into the battery. They checked everything else and it was fine. They only charged me 1/2 hour to diagnose the problem and fix it. I am sure there might be some other shops that might have spent 2 hours "looking" for the problem.
5	Since my 2007 530i is off warranty have been looking for a place to service the car. Look no more, not looking to have the car serviced , but now know there is a place is comforting.Was able to get an appointment within a couple days of calling and their service was very good
5	I never write reviews but these guys are amazing.  Polite, friendly, and extremely knowledgable.  Had an exhaust put on my 435i and they did an amazing job.
5	One of the windows in my X3 fell in right after my warranty expired. BMW quoted me with a vague range that seemed extremely high for the repair. I emailed Ultimate and they gave me an exact number (which was the exact price I ended up paying) and they were able to set up an appointment via email. Everyone I talked to was very nice. I would definitely go back with future car troubles.
