4	The dog park is located in the Waterfront Park on the Southside just under the Birmingham Bridge.  There is a small and big dogs section. The small dog section still has nice grass, but the large dog area is well trampled.  New woodchips would go a long way.  There are plenty of benches boasting nice views of the river and city.  I have not seen any dog fights yet and most owners seem very responsible. Occasionally, someone brings their grocery bags from home and water bottles and bowls, just in case you forgot yours. Finally, there is a pleasant trail where I take my dog down to the Hot Metal Bridge. Haufbrau Hauss is down there, but you cannot take your dog into the biergartenn :(  All in all, a few cosmetic touches and a dog bag dispenser would take this place to a five star level. An additional bonus would be one of those anerobic digesters/street lamps that creates light from dog poo.
5	This dog park is great for BIG and small pups! Located passed the railroad tracks on 18th St, just under the Birmingham Bridge. The park is split into two sections, big pups and little pups (under 25lbs) which is great because my boyfriend and I have a chihuahua that is normally afraid of big dogs, so it's nice to be able to let her loose in the small dog section and her not be afraid or timid around the other pups. It is well equipped with benches and great landscaping, and has an amazing view of the river. A great way to spend an afternoon chillin with your favorite doggies! The park has a nice amount of trash cans, it may seem odd that I mention this but the dog park at Olympia Park on Mt. Washington is about 3X the size with no trash cans for doggie waste. Only negative thing I would have to mention is this park can get pretty muddy! Especially near the entrances/exits. Don't go right after the rain!
3	After going to the awesome dog park in Olympia park, the South Side dog park leaves more to desire. There are two separate parks, one for big dogs and one for smaller ones. The big dog park has a dirt track and a grassy island in the middle. There is also some shrubbery near the outside and by the fence. The other park next to it for small dogs is all grass. Both parks have benches and garbage cans. While the park may be convenient, taking the trip to Mt. Washington (Olympia) is a better idea. It's about three to four times the size and kept in much better condition. Anytime it rains, the South Side park is a mess. There's mud all over the place and it gets pretty gross. Not to mention having to put a messy dog in your car is never a fun thing to do. They also could do some more maintenance here and there. The grass is dead in some spots and the plants they have are semi-destroyed. I get that it's a dog park and not a garden, but you got to keep the owners happy as well! Nobody likes an eyesore.Just a tidbit... We have a big and small dog and if not many people are there we choose to play in the smaller dog park. It's much nicer and they do a better job at maintaining it.
3	So this is my second dog park in one day. We have a new pup and try to make his days full of fun and adventure! After being to South Park's dog park this afternoon it definitely makes this one seem to fall a little short. First thing is first, this is a nice dog park, it fits the purpose. It is small, but sizable with at least a decent amount of room for dogs to run. It also has bolted in benches that you can sit on. There is a smaller dog park fenced off and attached to the main one for small dogs only. This is nice if you own tiny dogs who may be intimidated around bigger dogs. Since this dog park is smaller than the one in south park, no matter where you sit, you can see what your dog is up too. Whereas at south park, it is easy to lose track of your dog, if you don't keep an eye on them.Here is why I am giving it three stars. The ground is mainly dirt, no grass or wood gravel. This makes it very messy if your dog is playing a lot with other dogs.  While it is just dirt and wipes off, it still can be a pain. Especially if they have a lot of dirt on them, plus you track that in your car.Second, to my knowledge, I did not see any water fountain or bowls that you can use for your dog to drink water. At south park they have this available and the bowls are all around.The only other downfall is the size. It isn't  that big, so I feel like there is not as much area for the dogs to explore and run around in this off leash park.Overall, location wise, I would come back with my dog, but if I had a choice I would go to south park.
