3	He was very helpful with a dental issue a few years ago, and for that I am grateful, but since then, things have changed. As a self-described "dental nerd" he used to love answering dental questions. When I went back this last time, we were talking about Cerecs and zirconium crowns and I had some questions. Surprisingly, he got put out and said, "I don't have time to take you to dental school." lol Wow. That surprised me. The other issue is that if you ever have any conflicts with service or health issues or mistakes you feel you need addressed, you can forget it. He and his staff will circle the wagons around the practice at the expense of the patient. They are more afraid of being sued than they are concerned with your well-being, but I guess that's common these days. Perhaps his malpractice insurance went up again? Possibly. Too bad, in any case. I think if not for one particularly negative incident, he'd still be my dentist. I wish Dr. Lamborn and his staff the best in the future.
5	Was in the area with a bad toothache. They squeezed me in at a moments notice. Can't say enough about how helpful and professional they all were.
1	Unethical billing practices.  Prices more than double area dentists for same procedure(s).  Billing office initially refused to bill our insurance for procedure until I called the insurance company and had them contact Tatum Creek to inform them that as a provider they are required to bill every procedure.  Even after they were paid in full, they then continuously kept billing our insurance company for the procedure they had already been paid in full for.  Once again I had to call the insurance company to file complaint.  Also, the staff is rude -- when we initially had billing questions, they would never return our calls.  Regarding dental care, Dr. Lamborn blew off an issue my husband had, telling him that it was fine and could wait, but when he went to a different dentist, they told him that it was an urgent issue and could not wait.  Tatum Creek Family Dentistry -- WORST dental experience ever!!!
5	Friendly staff and a very knowledgeable dentist.. I would recommend to anyone looking for a dentist!
5	Jen did great job!
5	Fantastic dentist and staff. Professional, skilled, friendly and efficient, I highly recommend this dental practice.
5	As always, Molly was great. Very informative, professional, and best of all friendly. Can't imagine better treatment.
1	This dentist is by far the worst I have ever been to. His manner is rude and if you won't get everything he recommends he does not seem to care. Just a mean man.
