5	A very nice B&N Bookstore right off the interstate in Champaign, IL.I stopped in for some reading material to help me fall asleep while on the road this week. Reading has a very therapeutic effect on me - it really helps me fall asleep faster.Picked up several magazines - two on model train railroading, the latest issue of Scifi magazine, a couple of Foxtrot cartoon collections, and a Dilbert book.
3	Not as nice as the one in Springfield, IL but its nice.
4	Books, Magazines, and a cafe.
5	I would give this place 50 stars if I could. IT TOTALLY ROCKS! A huuuuuge selection of magazines, as well as the coolest staff in the whole world. Just go there, right now.
4	I don't review chains for the chain itself, but for the execution of the particular location, and this is a truly solid B&N location.  Well maintained, helpful staff, good selection. We got wonderful help in the children's section.  I was looking for good baby bedtime books and got a handful of different recommendations for different types that appeal in different ways, which was exactly what I needed.
4	Never really read books but went to get magazine before.
3	The books, music and movies are over priced.The selection is good and so is their service as book sellers.I have had several issues at the cafe of not getting what I ordered and one instance of waiting for coffee for 15 minutes and after I went back to the counter then they realize they forgot to start brewing it. (They weren't even busy at the time.)
2	For being such a big store they have a very limited selection. I never seem to be able to find the book I'm looking for, and it's not like they are unheard of books. When I find out that they don't have it in stock, they always offer to order it for me of course, but if that's the case then I would rather just get it cheaper on Amazon. Just so they know-- I'm willing to pay the full price if I can have the convenience of leaving with the book.I've told one employee helping me to find a book that I would just order it online at Amazon instead, and he gave me this lecture about how that would actually be more expensive with shipping... I'm a Prime member and I could get the book for 1/3 the price.I don't feel their cafe at this location is very good either. The red velvet cheesecake is dry, the stuffed pretzels aren't very stuffed, and I've had very poor coffee from here.To be honest, I would probably never go in there if I didn't have a choice. All the other bookstores in town closed. Still, as many times as I go in there hoping to be able to start reading a book that very night, I always seem to end up buying on Amazon instead. Just scanning over my bank statements I would venture to say that they lost out on $2000, over textbooks, eBooks, & just my regular reading.The Bourbonnais location is much better and I highly recommend it if you're in that area.
