4	Indigo is part of a Canadian chain of bookstores that span across the country. I had time to kill in downtown Montreal, and this was a pretty nice place to do it (and was familiar, also a plus when you're alone in a new city and don't speak the primary language). And the selection of books was good - for a 'real life' bookstore :)  It was a bit of an odd layout I recall, but the cafe was nice and a good place to people-watch/relax from shopping.   Especially in such a busy area of downtown.
5	I was so glad that I was able to find a bookstore that had both French and English books for sale. I needed to pick up a memento for my sister who has an obsession with the French language, but is only in her first year of studying it. It was nice to be able to find an affordable graphic novel for her, and the bookstore staff was very friendly and helpful. I have to agree with the rather unusual layout, but I did not have difficulty finding the books that I was looking for and noticed that their variety was pretty solid. Great place to go to, pick up a book and relax for a while.
3	It's just OK, probably because those of us who buy books in English have almost no other choice, it's Indigo or the other bookstore around the corner: Paragraph...or Amazon.com. I check regularly for books online and they are listed on their website, but when I check the stock at the closest store, on St Catherine St in my case the books are not available, nor in Laval, nor in Bujumbura, nor anywhere, so I always end up buying my books online because it's completely useless going to the store...one more thing, they are always changing the locations for each section, so every time I go I have to waste time trying to find what I am looking for because it is never in the same place, and the employees seem to be trained to avoid customers,  so we end up roaming all around the bookstore trying to find a book or ordering the books for a later pick-up because they are not available in-store.Save yourself some time, and avoid frustration by ordering from the big A..com
4	The Barnes & Noble of Montreal!!  I feel like good bookstores are hard to find nowadays with the internet and increasing amount of eReaders around.  I have an eReader so in actuality there is no need for me to go to the bookstore.  However, I find that I do like to be holding the hard copy of a novel in my hands and Indigo was the place to go!  Indigo had a wide range of book selections and obviously French books as well.  The Indigo staff was extremely friendly and helpful.  I overheard one of the staff talking to another customer recommending various books and I liked that she was very knowledgeable about her book factoids.  From the cafe you could enjoy a dessert and cup of coffee while reading a book or watching the busy street below.  Overall, Indigo is a great place to go to browse through some books and to sit and enjoy a nice relaxing day.
2	The architecture may be nice, have elevator music and all the fancy schmancy stuff but the customer service sucks and swallows. The employees are rude, they ignore the customers or simply turn around without answering a simple question. I was there yesterday and it was impossible to find someone to help me find a book I needed even the computer said there were two copies left.Thanks God for Amazon.com.....they got 80 $ from me, which means I saved 10 $.Indigo got 0$ and probably will not get anything for me in quite a while
4	This Indigo has been my home for two years now.Maybe it's not the best bookstore ever, but it has its quirks. It has tons and tons and tons of GOOD books, adorable notebooks, awesome (useless, but awesome) gadgets and things! Most of the employees know their stuff and they're really nice. You can relax in the middle of downtown, where things are usually not calm, there's so much things going on outside, but when you step into Indigo, all the stress is away! You can also take a cup of coffee at their cafe while enjoying the wifi.
4	You know what? I still like this place. It was never my #1 spot because I always liked Chapters better, but it's still a bookstore! I love bookstores, browsing section by section, being romanced by covers and flipping through the pages on a leisurely Sunday afternoon. I'll admit it, I don't really buy books at bookstore anymore, I buy them online.  With that said, I have always been one to try before I buy, so heading to a brick and mortar to check out the book I want to buy is very important. Indigo has a nice little cafe, they have a selection of plates, teas, and cutesy other items that I find unreasonably hard to resist. If I don't end up buying books here, I almost always walk away with magazines and some thing-a-majig that was on the 40% off rack (hello new pillow with ironic phrase screen printed on it).
4	This place is my 2nd home - I'm one of those people who still buys books despite an overflowing bookshelf and the cost associated to buying so many books. So, let's talk Indigo. First, the location is great - in the heart of downtown on McGill and Ste. Catherine. Second, it's big - Indigo is spread out on two floors, with crazy high ceilings and almost every genre of book you can think of. They also carry a wide selection of magazines for those of you who prefer quick reads. On the main floor, you will find a Kobo kiosk where you can check out E-readers and get some advice from the guy who mans the station. You will also find cards, agendas and notebooks in a variety of patterns and colors.  Upstairs, you will find more books, including my two favorite sections - fiction and biography. They also have a pretty decent 'home' section where you can find candles, throws, cushions, vases etc. There's also a small coffee shop but they don't make great coffee (though, it's been years since I had coffee there so perhaps this has changed).  Rare has been the occasion when I haven't found what I was looking for at Indigo. That said, it's cheaper to buy online, so these days I tend to stop by the store if I want to check out books I plan to buy online (I have a system to determine if a book will be good or not!) or if I absolutely need a book NOW.  While I like that I can use debit online via Indigo's web site, the fact is that Amazon ships more quickly. Me not being super patient when I want something, I tend to opt for the faster shipment even if it means paying via credit card.
