4	The staff are still very green and refer back to the manager for questions, but they are up and running as of this week, I believe, and they are totally hopping!Maybe 4 or 5 tables outside and plenty of bright seating indoors.  Clean (open less than a week, so no shocker there), and their simply delicious and fresh food!The salad dressing is their signature and available on all the tables. It's definitely not a light dressing though, so if you want something lighter, ask for the lemon vinaigrette on the side instead.Download their app and get a free side of hummus.  Upload your receipt and get another free side on your subsequent visit.
5	Great food, great service. Mediterranean style food, very fresh. Have tried the quinoa salad, steak kabobs, hummus, and chicken salad, everything I've eaten there so far is delicious. So happy they opened up right by my work!
5	Brought my husband here today and he loved this place too!  We tried the steak, chicken and shrimp kabobs. All were delicious. I have a feeling this will be a new regular dining place for us!
2	The location is so convenient, and the interior is bright and cheery but super casual (think a fast food place).  The service was excellent, but the whole time I was eating my overpriced Greek Chicken Pita I was thinking there wasn't anything very Greek about it.  Very bland with no sauce (it needed tzatziki or tahini) and quite a small portion.  Big Fat Greek or Gyro Express serve far better fare!  I won't be going back to Zoe's!
3	Nothing special. I pick one of the items pictured on their menu. The Spinach Roll-up with chicken. Which kind of tasted like Tostito's spinach dip with chicken wrapped in a tortilla. I was hungry, so no complaints. It really seamed like a place for just lunch with some Greek influence. The tomato bisque was good, a little salty, but good.The experience was decent, if a tad overpriced.
2	Food is decent. Might be back because I saw a few more vegan options on the menu. The staff is horrible. Terrible customer service. My food was ready but the front girls didn't notice because they were too busy eating cake and gossiping. Had to wait an extra 5-10 minutes because of them and all I ordered was hummus and pita.
4	I've been a fan of this place since 2008, I moved away a couple of years ago and missed the food. They just opened this new location close to home. I'm surprised it wasn't busier although it was a Monday night. The food is still very good but prices are higher but they are everywhere these days and I say it's worth it for fresh healthy "faster" food. The staff is friendly and helpful. I hope this place does well and stays in the area fire a long time. Download their app and get free items.
4	Salmon kabobs were delish. Came with salad and hummus, very fresh.  Will definitely go back.
1	Very overrated.For such a new place I was disappointed by the fact that this place was dirty. Food on the floor. Tables un-bused. Pretty lax.Now on to the food. Not great. My wife had the spinach/chicken roll up and it was seriously something looked like it was made by a high school culinary class ... and that's being mean to the high school culinary class. I ordered the steak kababobs , one of the most expensive items on the menu. Horrible. The steak was way over done and the veggies burnt. The sides, mixed veggies and smashed potatoes, were cold. Our son had the chicken salad sandwich which was not up to par with what we could have made at home. Needless to say we left food on the table.The service at the counter was good ... or at least well intentioned. Otherwise we were never acknowledged, thanked, greeted or met with eye contact. This includes the two managers sitting at a table near us kibitzing over who knows what ... jobs elsewhere maybe? These folks don't look like they want your business.This place won't make it. Its going up against Chipotle, Pita Jungle, Rumbi and some others that offer superior service and higher quality food. Considering that for two adults and one child we spent $30+ which included only entrees two limeades and a water ... we won't be back.
4	First off, the decor is beautiful and slightly more upgraded than their other two Phoenix locations. Real plates & silverware is a nice change instead of their usual metal trays. Upholstered booth seating and a nice large corner booth add great charm. Of course I had to start with the chocolate cake, which was on point. Almost wish I had a tall glass of cold milk to go with it LoL. Perfect combination of moist cake,  gooey decadent frosting with a slight crunchy coating on top. Yummmmmm.Had the Greek chicken pita and a side of the pasta salad which has always been a favorite of mine at the other two Phoenix locations. Greek chicken pita and pasta salad were a slight disappointment which made me sad. I've always been used to their great quality food, so the fact that the grilled chicken,  pita and pasta (the main components! ) were all dry made me so sad! Flavors were there, the grilled onions being my favorite. I had to add their signature greek dressing in order to add moisture. :(Nice they had an app available for download to which if you take a pic of your receipt you get free goodies on your next visit. That's when I noticed I never got my receipt.  LoL
5	This place is seriously amazing. Nice staff, great management and a clean welcoming environment. I've tried multiple items on the menu in which I liked all of them. I can easy say that the steak kabobs are literally AMAZING!! I'm extremely specific and picky when it comes to steak and was pleasantly surprised when I first had them, they were extremely juicy and tender, along with one of the best marinades I've ever tasted. One time the steak kabobs did come out over cooked and I had already driven home to eat, but the manager handled the situation phenomenally and was nice enough to personally remake them for me herself (in which they came out perfect) along with my money back. Overall great place to eat, very fair pricing for how much food you get, and an extremely friendly staff. I would recommend this place to anyone and think you should at least try it once to see for yourself.
5	I've eaten here at least 10 different occasions since the opening a couple months ago. Usually go for the kabobs - chicken, steak and salmon are delicious! Great service, food is very quick and consistent! Great location being right off the I-10. Go!
5	I love this place so much. The service is exceptional, the food is always top-notch, the  environment is positive, up-beat, clean, etc. I stopped in today to get a quick tea (the hibiscus tea). The guy at the front was so astonished that I came by just for a tea, that he gave it to me for free! I always have a great experience there. Me and my coworkers go there at least twice a month for lunch on Friday's (our lunch day). My favorite dishes are the roll-ups and the hummus. You can never go wrong with either of those. And of course the tea!
3	Food is good.  Service is spotty.  The last time we ordered, we got our food home only to realize they gave us all wrong side dishes.  When I called to complain, I didn't get an apology or even offered the correct food to make up for it.  All I was given was excuses and then told that I should have known better to order in a very specific way!
3	I'm pretty generous with stars. I want to give this place 4 stars, but for me it's merely solid GOOD not great. I'm solid neutral, no major complaints nor wows. I'd give 3.5 if I could, but I can't go 4 - it would be unfair to other places I've given 4s and liked!Beautiful location as others describe. Been here twice mid-week for lunch with a friend.I avoid potatoes & grains, so the 2 times I have been here I had #1. a big Greek salad #2. Chicken Kabobs sub slaw instead of rice.I am sad to say the chicken kabob today was DRY. It's the featured item on the skewer, I was really hoping they would be moist, flavorful chunks. I doused it in the Greek dressing on the table, which helped. I expected the kabobs to have more flavor/Greek or Mediterranean seasoning, was a little boring tasting for me. My experience of chicken at the other location made me expect more flavor. Perhaps I am ordering the wrong style of Chx for me, will have to ask next time. Portion-wise, it's slightly smaller than I would expect for over $10... I was actually hungry 2 hours later. But again, I subbed veggies for the rice.Greek salad tastes good, fresh, nice little pitted kalamata olives on it. I don't like traditional slaw at all so Zoe's tastes good to me because it is neither creamy nor sweet. Love the feta in it, & the flavor is tangy but not puckery. My friend had spinach wraps. They were smaller than I am used to seeing as a wrap, less than 2" circumference. Reminded me of the size of a hefty egg roll. But they looked good. She's also a light eater; not sure a hungry guy would be satisfied...I walk right past the cookies here, but last year tried one from the Scottsdale location & they were crazy-good, like "Uh oh, I'm gonna eat this whole damn thing" good.I'm giving 3 because nothing wows me about the place (other than it's lovely location in that beautiful shopping center) . Maybe other dishes really rock.
1	DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY- I feel bad about saying it but this place is awful. They are understaffed and over run. We went there on a Friday night and they got 10% of our order right. I ordered steak kabobs which came out ice cold. I sent them back and 15 minutes later they came out nice and hot. Unfortunately, I could barely chew the pieces of steak on my plate. I made sure to have a few people in our party try it to ensure I wasn't just being critical. All three people who tried the meat agreed with me. I had high hopes walking in but that's not enough. Maybe they can get adequately staffed and hire a chef. If not this place will be here for about 90 days. Sorry
5	One of my favorite restaurants... Delicious food, healthy, inexpensive. Just a great restaurant.
5	We had been to a Zoe's in Virginia a few years back & didn't care for it. But we decided to give it a try again and really liked it!!  We got steal kabobs. They were tender & cooked perfectly. They came with steamed veggies & some kind of potatoes  we really enjoyed it & will go back
5	Great new location! Bigger than the other Phoenix locations. As friendly as the others and same fresh delicious food. Greek pita with caramelized onions and a side salad is my favorite for lunch or dinner.The fact that they have wine only endears it to my heart more. Keep up the great work Zoe's.
5	Delicious fresh food. What a relief to taste fresh made from scratch food. Wish one was closer to home.
4	This place was great and the staff was supper friendly. I had the chicken kabobs with rice and salad. My only complaint is that the salad had to many onions for my taste. Everything seemed fresh, and even though I didn't get one the cookies looked amazing. I will be going back.
5	I did not go to this location My apologies. .
4	I had the rolled spinach wraps. They were really, really delicious! There were two downsides. The first being they were extremely high in sodium, as I looked up the nutritional information. The second being the portion size was small, the side of veggies were bigger than the whole wrap itself. I would recommend going here if you're trying to eat a little better, but keep in mind the sodium was a little ridiculous!
2	While everything is fresh, I am still not impressed.  I prefer the true Mediterranean restaurants, like Spices.  This place is just another trendy spin on Mediterranean food.  Examples:  the tzatziki had chunks of cucumber (weird) and the Greek salad didn't have olives.  Won't be back.
5	I gotta say I was skeptical to eat clean and healthy for lunch ad most places are bland and a bit disappointing.I arrived with friends and wasn't sure what to order but the employee was very nice and offered some suggestions. They were not snobby they were very polite and patient as I browsed the menu. I ordered the chicken kebabs with rice pilaf and a salad. The kebabs had large pieces of grilled chicken and were lightly seasoned. My fave part about the kebabs were the cherry tomatoes as they were roasted. The salad was fresh and crunchy. They have house dressing on every table. It's a light vinaigrette blend which added more juiciness to the meal. I think I paid a total of $12 for my plate which was so filling and a slice of their house chocolate cake to go.
