4	This is a Montreal institution. The pizzas are top notch, and well worth it. But it's the subs that are the real treat. Home made pizza dough sub buns, are what really make these some of the best in the city. Note that this is a take-out/delivery place, there is no eat in dinning room.
4	A year after Andrew's review and all the facts are still true.  They do pizzas, but my uncle took me here for the subs.  They're huge, and piled on with all sorts of meat.  I couldn't even begin to tell you all of the ingredients stacked on our sub.  Good stuff, just real greasy.  But that's its appeal.
4	Amazing subs and pizzas. Home made breads one of the reasons I live in Lasalle lol. Save 15% if you pick up your order instead of delivery.
4	This place is gold for the submarine aficionado. The subs here hit the spot. Especially on those days where you gotta get some greasy grub.These sandwiches are the sublime combo of insanely greasy meats and veggies, crunchy coleslaw, and melted cheese all jammed into a baguette that miraculously manages to remain crisp. Manzo is the ultimate sub. People trek all the way out here from downtown for these. As it's more of a take out place, the ideal plan of action is to pick up a sub and walk two minutes down to the canal  where you can sit in the grass and enjoy your oh-so-satisfying sub beside the water.
5	If you are able to overlook the way this place looks, you will love it.In my humble opinion, it is the best sub in mtl, eventhough it is actually in Lasalle. It's 20 min from downtown mtl but worth the ride!!!The bread is made from pizza dough, it is soft, and melts in you mouth. The crust is just lightly crispy and tender, it won't graze your upper palate.The sub comes in two sizes 10" and 14" which range from 11.50$ for 10" to 13.95$ for 14". I usually order the 14" eat half and save the other half.I usually order the manzo special or the meat eater which has steak pepperoni and ham for those who like meat...There's lettuce and tomatoes, but the special vinegar that they put in, is amazing, it counters perfectly the saltiness of the meat, and makes this the perfect sub, in terms of taste and bread texture!!!I have friends from Vegas and NYC who always ask to come here when they visit, it's that good!!!sup sup manzo sub, with somethin somethin !!! crazy yo!
4	Too much hype - Amazing SubsI had a car appointment not too far from here, so I decided to check this place out. I heard about this place from various different forums. People from Toronto, on the radio, friends, and advertising. All of them saying that this is best pizzeria and sub place in Montreal. Well I will have to cut the short on that.The pizza is ok, the dough for me is too thick. I like thin dough with longs of toppings.The sub however, those are definitely one of the best in Montreal. I high recommended going here and trying a sub. Don't get hyped up on the pizza....get a sub and you will be pleasantly satisfied.One downfall, its not really a sit in place. So don't worry what it looks like, just go with a buddy or your significant and grab a sub.
5	Oh. My. Gawd. This place redefined my definition of a sub. Before coming here (subs just aren't big in Australia), all I knew of submarines was Subway - now, I'm not sure I'll be able to eat that swill ever again.This place is a Montreal institution, just look at the other reviews. Don't be fooled by the word 'pizza' in the name - you want the sub. Just the sub. Which sub? I'm glad you asked...Repeat after me: "14 inch number 15, please". That's the Manzo's Special. When I went with my friend (and Yelper Extraordinaire) Matthew P. I asked if I should get two different subs (one for me, and one for my girlfriend), you know, to try things out. His answer was an unequivocal "No. Get two Manzo's" and boy was he right. I could've eaten both on my own, but my girlfriend would've killed me.Do yourself a favour, next tim you want a sub, go to Manzo's. You can thank me after.
5	The Holy Grail of SubsStep 1Order 14 inch, number 15 Manzo special.  (I know what your thinking. "oh that's too much for me, I could never!". Trust me you can, and you will get on your knees after you've devoured it all begging for more.)Step 2The hardest step  Wait patiently.Step 3Carefully transport the warm, divine "Manzo" to your feasting place of choice.  Plant both feet on the floor, lift with both hands and brace yourself.Orgasmic. You may need a smoke after your done. Oh and I told you you would beg for more. Delicious. Fuggedaboutit'
4	Very great sub and pizza. Don't let the decor the restaurant fool you. The food is very fresh and delicious. Personally, I would say the restaurant is a little over hyped but regardless the food still tastes great. The pizza is thick but crispy. The subs are big thick and tasty made with fresh homemade bread. Overall it's great takeout food and I would recommend it.
5	The best subs in Montreal. Home made bread and stacked full of meat. And when I say stacked, I mean stacked like Dolly Parton in the 80's. Now that's stacked!!! I always order the 14 inch #15 Manzo's Special.Pizza's are supposed to be amazing as well, but I've never tried them even though I've been going to Manzo's for the last decade. I'm the type of guy that once I find something I like, I stick with it (hence the reason my wife is stuck with me). I'll have to try the Pizza next time I'm in Montreal.Service is pretty fast for take out. I've never ordered delivery so I don't know about that.The only bad thing about Manzo's is the location. If you go for take-out or to eat there (only has two tables), the parking is awful. There's only 2-3 parking spaces that are usually taken. You can park on the street, but again, they are mostly taken. There's no point in going there as you can order delivery. Regardless of the parking and seating issues, it's definitely worth a visit to try the subs!
5	Manzo's subs are honestly the best I've ever tasted. Bread made fresh from pizza dough; always soft. I especially love the pepperoni sub. Also, they pay the tax when you pick it up. Staff is very friendly, including delivery guys. This place is a must try!
5	Value for money and taste. Also really friendly staff. Not a fancy place but really good pizza.
5	Excellent Montreal-style pizza.....thick crust, fresh toppings, flavorful sauce. I order from this place all the time and it never disappoints. I especially like their all-dressed pizza....lots of flavor. I recommend you order extra and have it for leftovers the next day! For Montreal-style pizza, this is my favorite place.
4	Highly recommend their submarines. They are a bit pricier than other places but definitely worth it. They do deliveries!
5	Best sub I've ever had, seriously amazing and I will be returning I'll be dreaming of my next subI've been back and it's just as good as the first AMAZING
5	Amazing subs!  I always make a stop at Manzo whenever I am in town.  They they always deliver an amazing eating experience.  A must try for anyone that wants to try a very unique submarine.
