5	This is the destination for all your baking needs. They host cooking classes and have a very knowledgeable owner who can help with all your baking questions. Go see them now!
4	A small shop that specializes in cake and candy decorating supplies.  I needed some gumpaste flowers for a wedding cake and found some beautiful ones here at a reasonable price.  The lady was quite helpful and offered some tips, as I am a fledgling cake decorator.  While the shop wasn't impressive to me in terms of its decor or size, it seemed to offer a decent variety of items from cake pans, frosting spatulas, and sprinkles to lollipop sticks and display racks.  I believe that one can order items that the shop does not have on hand.  Service is offered in English and Spanish for those who want or need it.
5	They have more supplies, than places like Michaels and are a lot cheaper. I love this shop!  We bought seven items for 20 dollars...which is almost impossible to do. I would definitely look into taking classes. The owner is extremely friendly.
5	I have been looking for a cake decorating supply store for some time now. Years really. Sure, there is Michael's and other places like that, but they are not the same. Although the shop is on the small side, don't let that fool you. There is everything you would need to make cakes and candies here. I saw cake fillings, fondant, gel coloring, flavorings, cake boxes, cake rounds, tools, piping tips, a wall of candy molds...it just goes on and on. I am SO excited to have found this shop. I will be back many times for my supplies. It also helps that they are super friendly, as well as helpful.
5	This is the go to place for all of your cake decorating & candy making needs!  They are reasonably priced & if they don't have something they will order it for you.  They have a wider range of products than Michaels or JoAnns plus they have tons of classes outside the normal wilton decorating series that you find.  I've been to a few including sugar sculptures & fondant figures.  They also offer classes in Spanish & will have FREE demos from special guests.  Love love LOVE this place!!!!!
5	I highly recommend Sweet House! They have excellent products, service and classes! If they don't have a particular product, they are very willing to order it for you. So don't forget to ask if you don't see something you need. Nilda has saved me so many times, with all the supplies I need for cupcakes and cakes, especially last minute requests. Even premade gum paste flowers in a teal color for a wedding cake! They were beautiful and I got these quickly. She has them on hand. When I haven't been able to bake for a friend, I always recommend Sweet House because they also create personalized treats if you order in advance. The owners have a lot of experience with baking, decorating and candy making, very knowledgeable. I am so grateful to have somewhere other than Michael's to get my products at a fair price!
5	My daughter and I love this store - its full of colors and fun!  There is simply no comparing the more boring Michael's to this rainbow blast of joy.  The prices are reasonable and they have everything you could ever need or want to make a beautiful cup cake assortment for your daughter's soccer team.  FUN!
2	It's a nice store, however I was very disappointed. I decided to try this place after reading great reviews and decided to come here hoping to find everything I needed. Everything I needed was not available, they have a very limited supply of food coloring, fondant (I need 40 lbs buckets) and not many extract flavors to choose from,they did not have the right size cake boards and they have limited sizes on their cake boxes. I don't think I will be returning anytime and will most likely stick to ABC cake supplies in Phoenix, AZ.
4	Friendly staff, the store is a little small inside but they have quite a few products. They opened a bakery on the inside. I didn't buy and baked goods, but they looked delicious! I got food coloring, and piping bags.
5	Stop one day and tried  a slice of the pumpkin cheesecake it was awesome the best I have had since moving to vegas freshly baked, not frozen went back again and  had carmel apple cheescake it was just as good.  There were brownies, cookies, candies, and more. If you don't see what you want order it.  The displays change everyday. Stop in for a delicious treat.
5	BEST confectionery supply store in Vegas! They provide classes by great names in the cake biz, that will teach you a variety of techniques.  They have also now started a bakery up in the store and not only are the cakes and sweet treats  beautiful,  they are also DELICIOUS! It may be a smaller set up in the store but they have a large variety of sugar supplies and if they don't have what you need they will try to get it in for you ! I also have to add A+++ on customer service, these ladies are very helpful, will do their absolute best to help you with your decorating needs!! LOVE Sweet House Cake Supplies and Bakery !!
