4	The BF and I are invited to an Indian wedding.  We plan on wearing traditional Indian clothes but had nowhere to shop!  Luckily, one of the BF's colleagues sent us this way!The gentleman (who I would assume to be the owner) was very helpful.  He explained to us the differences between the saree, lehnga, and the suit (aka salwar kameez).  He had me trying on tons of beautiful outfits with the most gorgeous dupattas to go with them.  He was definitely complimentary with each outfit, which I did appreciate, but it was definitely a hard decision to look through and try on so many outfits.  The prices are a bit steep, but at the same time, I have nothing really to compare it to.  There was a woman there who helped me with a couple of outfits too, and she was nice as well.  It was all so overwhelming!The BF tried on quite a few expensive achkans and he looked so handsome in them!  I stepped out of my dressing room and was taken aback to see him so nicely dressed!  They were pretty expensive as well, so it was challenging to pick through the bunch.My only complaint was that they didn't go past a certain size, which could be challenging for those on the more curvaceous end. They offered alterations and were more than willing to assist you with helping you make a great decision.We were told this may be the only place in Vegas where you can find such garments.  If this is so, it leaves our options very limited.  We'll keep looking as of now just to see what else we encounter.
5	The staff is very helpful.  I called to check the hours.  She said they were open until 6PM, but to call if I would be later.  The prices for a full outfit ranged from 175ish to 850ish maybe more.  The outfit that cost $850 was gorgeous, but I got something very nice for $275.  They are polite about asking what your budget is.  I think there prices are reasonable, but like the other reviewer I am going to my first Indian wedding.  They also have a great bangle, earring, and necklace selection.
5	This place is great! I don't know of any other places to by such beautiful sarees in town. They also will customize any pieces you need for a very good price. Angela is fabulous as well, she is so great to work with!!
4	My family is invited to a friend's wedding and we chose to wear tradional Indian attire. My husband is in the wedding party, so he has his clothing picked out for him, but my sister, mother, and myself all found beautiful outfits here.There ladies were very helpful and they can do alterations. There is a generous selection of jewelry and accessories. My only complaint is that merchandise is not priced, so it's difficult for a bargain shopper like myself to stay on budget in such a place. Since I was already in LOVE with my outfit by the time I found out the price, it was futile anyway. The prices aren't so high if you consider that you are buying hand made, hand beaded, beautiful clothing. You'd pay more for a manufactured sweater at Nordstroms.Definately worth checking out.
