5	Have been in many times since I aquired my new project, a hot tub that needed a lot of work.  Every time they have been really friendly and knowledgeable.  I was also impressed with their honesty. They always know exactly what I am talking about and have the right parts and expertise to fix it. I would never think of going anywhere else for parts or help working on my hot tub.
5	These guys are awesome!  All of the guys in the shop are friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable.  I was trying to get a spa pump fixed, but I had no clue what was going on.  Even though they could have taken full advantage of my naivety, they didn't, helping me save money every chance they could.  And, the turn around time for rebuilding the motor and pump was incredibly quick.  I will continue to visit Price Busters when I need spa items or help, and I will recommend them to everyone I know.
5	I've bought a pool brush here before and liked the price and the quality of it since it was partial steel and plastic.  I don't think you can get that at any of the chain stores. The selection is not deep but then you don't need a lot of selection if they've got a product no one else has.  Anyways, I decided to try them again to repair my Barracuda pool cleaner since the bladder was ripped after sucking in my kids' toys left in the pool.  I was worried that I'd be unable to have it repaired and end up having to buy a new pool cleaner that would cost me up to $400! But THANK GOODNESS they had spare parts for many models, which mine was no longer available, and fixed it for only $40.  It was repaired in 3 days (I dropped it off on a weekend).  I love supporting a local business and these guys are great, friendly and honest!
1	Started out pretty well, they seemed honest and competent. After spending hundreds of dollars and not getting my spa working completely now I'm getting the run around. Also when I was told this repair would cost "not a lot maybe $40" they finally came back and had all these excuses for the cost of $160!!  That's FOUR TIMES THE ESTIMATE!!! To me that's not a trivial amount of $. There was also no crediting of that initial (almost $100) fee towards the repair, which I specifically asked how they handle that "diagnosis fee". So... Be careful when SpaBuster's tells you a price, notice it's never concrete & given the chance their slippery nature surfaces.  Make sure you get everything in writing with these guys so if you get screwed big time you can take them to court. Wish I had gone with a different company. Ill be going that way from now on.
2	$90 service charge to start for Hot Tub Repair.  That's just the service call. Well see how they do:)
5	I've been dealing with these guys for many years. They have been absolutely wonderful. Because of their great customer service, I go back to them any time I need anything from a filter, to a spa cover to repairs. They have always had reasonable prices. I see complaints on here about prices, do you really expect a business to work for free?? Of course they have to charge you. Don't you work for a paycheck? Their prices are very well in line if not better than other spa companies. I highly recommend these guys. They have a customer for life with me.
