2	This Loco Patron location just opened this week so take this review with a grain of margarita salt. They could very well improve.I'm a sucker for good margaritas and have seen the signs announcing this joint for months, so when I saw it open I had to take a look.My first impression is that they've built a nice little sports bar, but furnished it like a Mexican food joint. TVs all over the wall and bar, saccharine pop/rock playing over the speakers, and a rustic cabinet where they keep straws, napkins, and the servers' purses. It's a medium-sized place, not big enough for a huge crowd, but it'd likely handle about half an hour of a pub crawl stop before the place got uncomfortable and folks moved on.I sidled up to the bar and asked for a house margarita and a menu, both came back quickly along with a free mini-basket of chips and salsa. The salsa was actually really good, mild for the gringos but just a little kick on the backend. The margarita, on the other hand, was pretty awful. It had the right color, but the guy at the bar used way too much sweet and not nearly enough sour. It tasted like a flat sprite. I also couldn't tell if there was actually alcohol in there, which is never a good sign.I ordered fajitas and those were also a little sweet for some odd reason. Maybe not enough salt when they cooked it up, I don't know. In any case, it was edible but not at all remarkable. When the bill came the barman rang me up for the wrong dish, overcharging me, but when I pointed out the mistake he quickly fixed it so no real harm done.Mill Avenue has a bunch of existing Mexican food places, all with their own charms, and I don't understand why a business owner thought Mill Ave. needed another. So far these folks aren't doing anything which sets them apart from the others and I'd be surprised to see them still open this time next year. That said, I'd welcome improvements that prove me wrong. The ball is in your court, Loco Patron.
4	So far, so good. They are a brand new location, but they fit my basic requirements: the food is good, and well-priced. Service was speedy and courteous - almost too courteous, since we were asked if we were doing okay maybe seven times or so. Parking close to this place can be a pain (typical of Mill Ave), but it's a nice and casual spot to unwind for a laid-back lunch. Conveniently right next to a light-rail stop.It's a typical sports bar meets casual mexican food place. Lots of television screens showing sports games and CNN, a good-sized bar, what looks to be a decent spot for a live DJ (maybe for special events or weekends?), and fun and tacky airbrush decor on the walls of a mexican oasis. I have no opinion on the drinks (since we didn't try any), but once the food arrived (fairly quickly), everything we tried was good. Service was friendly, and the noise level was great at the time we went (mid-day). We found out that they have a punch card, to get a free lunch after you go through five or so. Sounds good to me.Obviously still a new location that's working out some kinks, but it's off to a good start.
3	New Location! This place is close to work so me and the co-workers stopped in.  Good:  Location and staff looked really busy/hard working....decently cheap drinks and food.  Bad:  They were out of about 25% of the menu/unprepared and the food just wasn't that good.  I feel sorry for people that come to AZ and have "Mexican Food" at places like this.  Even the rice and beans (simple things) are just mediocre and have no character.  I'm getting the vibe this is definitely more of a "drink" spot than a "food" spot.  After a few drinks...maybe everything will taste better!  This place needs a little time to get its act together. I'm hopeful.
4	Im really glad this new location opened so close to my house! Were big fans of the wings at the original Loco location, and now we dont have to go all the way to Scottsdale for them (like its far, but I digress).This location is about twice the size (inside) of the Scottsdale location. It was clean and theres a variety of different places to sit. We chose the bar tops in the corner. Our waitress was very nice and attentive. We had our Loco staples: the salt and pepper wings (so, so good), and tacos. I actually tried the shredded pork taco this time as opposed to the steak one I usually get and I was not disappointed.Loco has some great daily specials (taco Tues, wing Wed, etc) and their happy hour specials are great.Im sure this will become a Mill Ave staple.
4	Very good tacos would be a good way to start this review. They have alot of them in all forms available and whatever protein you can think of also. They also have American food like burgers, but this is a Mexican joint right? Came here before the ASU game and the bar was pretty full, it's a long ass bar for sure. Post happy hour, but Bud light was just $3 bottle and the chips were free (unlimited) and the salsa was very fresh, bursting with jalapeno's and finely chopped tomatoes (a real salsa). The tacos that caught my attention were the award winning crispy tacos that comes with two sides for $11. A bit pricey, but the tacos were loaded with shredded beef, slices of avocado, mexican cheese and other condiments and the crispy shells were super crispy and had a great crunch. The side dishes were good too, pretty good Mexican rice and something called Smashed Potatoes, which were two giant chunks of crunchy taters that could be smashed I guess with your own fork. Either way, it worked with the white dipping sauce (version of ranch?).   The only problem with two tacos for $11 is that on the way out I saw  a flyer for $2 taco tuesday which is way cheaper than my dinner, but i doubt they use the crispy shell on those guys. Still sounds like a great deal.
3	Doesn't really fit the mill scene. Decent for happy hour or chips and salsa. Lotta fohawks in this joint.
3	I love the fact that HH prices are really cheap and the food was decent. I got HH tacos, a margarita and split a cookie dessert with tip and was under $15. Not bad! The ambience reminds me of San Felipe's and Salty Senorita. My friend and I sat outside and was a little loud with all the noise from Mill and the planes coming down. It has a really nice bar though with tv's that can be watched inside and outside. I can see this place popping for night life because when we went for HH, it wasn't very busy. Service was also a bit slow, I remember commenting to my friend about how long it took for us to receive our food. All in all I was glad to have tried it and would probably return.
1	Service was bad even for a bro bar. Found this place while looking for food shortly after the Super Bowl. Big banner out front said "Super Bowl Party till 2am". The bouncer assured us the kitchen was still open and invited us in. The place still had a few people in it but no problem getting a bartender right away and asking for a menu with our drinks. We then looked over the menu and purposely ordered something that would require a minimal amount of effort to make and clean up in case the cooks had already started to close down the kitchen.That was the last time we ever talked to our bartender or any other staff in the building. After about 20mins I personally went to check on the status of our nachos as the kitchen is open for the public to view. I saw the forgotten nachos burnt under the heat lamp. We were the only people to order food so I can see how it might be easy to forget. I mentioned something to a cook to remind him about the nachos then went back to my empty drink at the bar. Another 10mins or so before the cook took initiative and delivered us a plate of nachos that was not only burnt but now had been sitting so long they were cold. I might add the toppings were pretty light. Its a stretch to label this plate of chips "nachos".By now the crowd had dwindled to mostly employees on or off the clock. It took another 10mins or so before anyone wearing a loco patron shirt came to check on us. I then told the bartender to forget about the nachos and bring the bill for the drinks. No wait on that. If you want to just close down and have an employees only party then drop some hints before i waste precious time thinking I've found food and drinks still open on a Sunday night. Take down your signs that boast you'll be open till 2am. And if you forget someone's nachos and get called out on it, have the decency to at least reheat and sprinkle some fresh tomatoes on those stale ass chips before serving them.
4	Loco Patron has long been a fixture on Scottsdale Road in Old Town Scottsdale, but I've always gone there more for the margaritas and barcrawler atmosphere than for the food. I haven't had any food at the Scottsdale location in several years, but I was highly impressed with the amazing happy hour offerings I sampled from the new Tempe location, which opened this past December on Mill Avenue right by the light rail.Their happy hour runs from 3-7 p.m. daily and features a ton of hearty food options for very little moolah. On my recent visit there, my boyfriend and I shared tostadas ($5) and tacos ($3), which were basically the same thing, save for different cheeses -- go for the tacos with a corn tortilla and cojita cheese instead of their shredded mix, and you should be good.We also got a cheese crisp, a steal at only $2! The food was all great and a really phenomenal value for the portion you got, too.Plus, you get free chips and salsa with any meal, so we were definitely feeling full without spending a ton.Besides the great food offerings, happy hour drinks are worth the visit, too, with $3 beers, wine and wells and jumbo beers starting at only $4.25. The Mill Avenue location also features a cool patio overlooking the busy street, and there's a huge bar and tons of televisions broadcasting sports throughout the venue. The service was fast and friendly, and it's nice that it's conveniently located to the light rail in case you have too many margaritas.
4	Friends and I usually go to the Scottsdale location, but I live in Tempe so I'm super happy they opened one here!Love it on Taco Tuesdays! Great specials! $1 tacos and $4 margs!Our Margaritas last night were really good and strong! Music was loud, crowd was fun, staff was cool!
4	Came here to check out the margaritas and bar foodBar food usually isnt the best but its always good to eat while youre drinkingAnywho I had me a beergarita and I really liked itThe service was nice and it was a pretty chill atmosphereI think its a great location and I had a good experience hereI think it would be a good place for a group of friendsAfter all it is on MillNow you can start your crawl on the North Endand stumble down South :D
3	Ahh Taco Tuesday - a way to get you in the door and eat inferior tacos. The review for the crunchy tacos here still stands - those were pretty good. I guess there isn't much you can do to make a $1 ground beef taco special, so it was was it was - a flour tortilla lightly grilled with some beef and tomatoes and bagged cheese. The $3 happy hour beer (kiltlifter)  helped wash it down.     Grease factor - moderateOther cheap tacos are available, but not in those "famous" crunchy shells. Those cost $11 each and every day. Part 1 of taco Tuesday exploring.
3	This little hangout is right off the light rail. If it is happy hour, it is a definite place to start out your drinking adventure. The bartenders were really friendly, it was a nice casual atmosphere, and the drink were cheap yet strong. The food didn't look so appetizing so we didn't order any, which is sad, because I love to eat and drink, but overall the place was okay.
2	Totally not really into this place.  Had a taste of every taco.  Meh.  Give me a BEER!  They have awesome atmosphere and they have beer thats it.
3	I really need to start of list for Mill Ave.  Professionals looking for a good happy hour  on Mill Ave.  I totally love when a new place opens up because I have a fantastic workgroup that I can't wait to try your place out.  With that said, we walked ALL the way from University...huff, puff, huffying..to the north side of Mill Ave. to check this new place out.  Lucky for us happy hour starts at 3pm.  Ok...we worker bees start at 5am-7am, because our counterparts are on the east coast. So, we all get off between 3pm-5pm.  Loco Patron had great HH specials.  Beers were cheap and the marg's were inexpensive.  The marg's were okay.  I am not a fan of sour drinks...they were nothing special.  Chips and salsa were comp...nice touch.  The service was okay...even at 3ish.  I really don't recall anything that made this place special, we brought such a large group and it was ok.  The place was able to accommodate our seating arrangement.  Not sure if I will come back.
1	Really disappointed. Bad service, subpar food.
3	ok place for HH,Stopped in before the fireworks,Cheap prices on beer and HH food,$4 for 6 wings carrots n celery not bad,had habenero mango(not hot at all)Servers were attentive enough,not a bad place for HH.Bill was $13 for 2 big beers n wings
1	There wasn't much to like about this place except the location is  RIGHT AT the light rail. The music was annoying (live "bad" band), the drinks expensive and sour. I like a margarita served in glass, not plastic. I felt like I should have been poolside or at a sporting event. Didn't try the food and won't be back to see what that's about.
3	Went in after work around 4:30 pm on a Friday had a cold beer in my hand in less than 2-3 minutes did not eat there but the staff was friendly and not a bad place to grab a brew with you bro's after work.
2	Great location, decent food, but really noisy restaurant/bar on Mill Avenue!  The service was incredibly slow too!
5	Best restaurant near Rio Salado and Mill for US Airway employees.  The wait staff is superb.  Fridays have patience but no place can handle all of the work staff lunch within 30 minutes on a Friday.  The girls learn your orders and never make a mistake.  Great food and Service.  What more do you need?
4	The place looked like a great time because of the ASU game. We loved the bartenders.
2	As a someone who regularly goes to Loco paton in Scottsdale, I have been to this location a few times and the service really sucks, the guys behind the bar spend all their time talking to whatever girls are on the other side of the bar. It is no wondering that this place is always pretty quite even for happy hour with this kind of thing going on. It's pretty frustrating to have to deal with. I went back as I wanted to make sure it wasn't me but the others in my group also noticed this issue. The food is only so so also.
2	Nothing special.  Wandered in on a weekend afternoon and it was all about the game(s)... So our service was fine, but not really friendly or attentive.  Tips were obviously going to be made at the men tables, oh well.We read the reviews about the crispy tacos and they were ..... Okay.  So that was disappointing.All in all, it was okay, with the other restaurants in this neighborhood, we could have chosen much better!
3	Nice place on the end of Mill. Pretty good food and drinks. Also plays pretty good music. Not atypical for Mill Ave it's certainly meant for the under 30 crowd. Prices are ok, maybe a little on the higher side. But I enjoyed the meal.
4	Great service, a lot of TVs, good food. Fun place to stop and get a drink. They have some great drinks. Big Servings. Really can't go wrong.
2	Nothing too crazy here from what I see.  I gather it can however, get a tad bit wild during the weekends and especially around ASU.  Overall, food was okay at best.  The salsa that came with the chips had too much lime.  Tasted like lime juice and the chips were store bought.  I ordered the crunchy fish tacos.  Crunchy indeed it was, but again what's up with the lime.  I added a little bit on my tacos and again it was too much.  The guacamole sauce atop wasn't bad, but my tacos were overly seasoned already.  The crunchiness was there along with the cabbage mellowing it out; that was a nice welcome.  The rice and beans were out of a can as expected.  In the end, probably come for drinks but that's about it. - Enjoy!
5	Spent the evening here for the ASU/UofA game. Couldn't have been happier. Great atmosphere, service and food. I spend a lot of time at the Scottsdale location, and while there is a different vibe, I think it's a perfect fit for the Mill Ave college crowd.
5	The food here is really good for bar Mexican Food.  The crunchy tacos are the best.    The wings are good , but get the salt and pepper wings.     The staff is always friendly and they have a bunch of hot people working there could use another girl or two behind the bar, but all the dudes are ripped.    Catch a Margarita from Jeremy, Lance or Jacks and Monti  make a good duo and help with all the drinks.   If you like hot dudes, strong drinks, good beats, and lots of TVs for games.  Go see the guys at Loco Patron.        Free Chips and Salsa always a nice bonus.    GREAT HAPPY HOUR !!!
4	Some bars treat their food menu as an afterthought. That isn't the case at Loco Patron. Fajitas, quesadillas, salt and pepper wings...all very nice. Perhaps my favorite meal at Loco is brunch, though. I love their divorced eggs with enchilada sauce. It pairs well with their habanero bloody Marys.Drinks are reasonably priced and service is outstanding. I hosted a pretty large group at Loco Patron on a football saturday. The restaurant was very busy, but we still had outstanding service. No one in my party had an empty drink in his/her hand for very long, which is quite impressive given the crowd and the propensity for my friends to consumer alcohol. Long after that event, I'm still having people say what a great time they had at Loco.In short, my favorite place on Mill.
3	This place has low stars but in all honesty its not bad. 3 dollars dos x all the time sounds good to me. As a avid train rider, it literally drops you off at there door. Tons of monitors to watch NFL and they have golden tee.Service was kinda crappy and there was a despute over the bill but the manager worked it out.
5	Visiting Arizona from San Diego. Stopped here before going to the zoo. Cute little town and excellent breakfast and great service.
2	This place was great! Until we got the bill and were over charged.  Come to find out, things may be more expensive "on race days." Weird. I didn't see that noted anywhere.  Not in the menu or on a sign anywhere near a door.  The food was fantastic, the service was tolerable for how busy it was.  Our server did hook our table up with cards that get us 10% off throughout 2014 (though the cards are labeled for 2013).  tl;dr:  Don't come on a race day! The Award Winning Crunchy Tacos are delicious! Try the Smashed Potatoes!
5	Convenient location and great food sets this Mill avenue bar apart from the cliche college thumpers.Great wait staff pampers to all your shot needs while cooking up tasty mexican food. Delicious margaritas all at a good price.
5	Great location, fun staff, yummy drinks, and awesome food! I had a quesadilla with beans and rice and it was delicious!
5	Great Food! Had the Award winning crunchy tacos & they were awesome! My kids had the burger & chicken and they loved them! I had to finish their fries...Yum!
5	My girlfriend and I always start here when we decide to come to mill.  This is our go to.  I have to say we haven't eaten here a whole lot, but when we have the food is great!  Great quality food for a great price.  You  can tell the beans don't come from a can and that the salsa is made in house every day.  We usually just sit at the bar and drink before we start our night, for happy hour or to catch a game/event downtown.  The service is exceptional at Loco bar none.  We always are well taken care of at loco and haven't had even the slightest bad experience.  For instance, yesterday we stopped in for a few drinks and there was some miscommunication between the guys working the bar.  We didn't get a drink as soon as we usually do, but the guy that was helping us was more than apologetic and even bought us a free round!  A tasty little treat.  Loco plays the best music out of any bar on mill.  A good mix between 90's and current EDM but very relaxing overall.  Just what I am in the mood for 99% of the time.  Clean place, great food, great service! What is not to love!
5	I know five stars seems crazy, but my boyfriend will tell you, I'm obsessed with this place. The waitstaff are friendly, caring, prompt, and efficient. I try to come here every Taco Tuesday, and have been like that for the past two years. There's a Loco in Tukee that I used to go to, but they charge more for drinks and the tacos are never as full. I'm always amazed by how well the staff handles the Taco Tuesdays, where I expect they are extra busy but always get my order out quickly and never seem stressed or rude. Whenever I'm having a dinner with friends or family from out of town, I come here. If it's a Tuesday, I can tacos for $1 and feel full, and a $4 margarita. I come on normal days too because i can always expect the food to be consistent, but I'm a bargain eater at heart. Just remember that tacos are normally more expensive, so when you tip, tip off of the normal price, not the Tuesday bargain. Especially if you come back often like me. My only real complaint is the DJs are often too loud. I get trying to make it more of a party place to compete with the other places on Mill.... but if it's too loud I feel rushed and can't talk to my friends! But if you come early enough, there's no DJ anyways, haha.
5	Excellent happy hour deals, delicious food, friendly and patient staff, overall a great place to get some Mexican food.
4	I went on $1 Taco Tuesday, and my drink was only $3. I thought this was a bargain! It was not busy when I was there. I was there in the afternoon. Maybe it gets busier in the evening. I preferred to go when it was not busy so I did not have to wait long for service. I sat on the outdoor patio, so the only bad thing about the place that I experienced was a homeless pan handler approach me on the patio and approach one other couple that was eating outdoors. If I had been sitting inside, this man would not of bothered me. However, the staff at Loco Patron asked the homeless man to leave. The bartender was extremely nice and I was satisfied with how the staff handled the situation with the vagrant. But I did go back to Loco Patron 3 days later and I saw the same homeless man hanging around the patio area again.
4	I've been to this Loco Patron a few times, but never longer than about 15 minutes. Why am I giving a place 4 stars that I rushed out of so quickly? This place is the perfect spot to grab a drink if you have to wait for the Light Rail when heading downtown. I don't live real close to a light rail stop, so when I use it, I get dropped off at the station right next to the place (like, RIGHT next to this place), and inevitably miss the train I wanted to catch and have to kill 15-20 minutes. That's when I stop in here and grab a marg or beer.It's a pretty spacious bar & always looks clean. This last time I stopped in was during Happy Hour, and I honestly never realized how good a HH Loco has. I don't ever hang out on Mill, but I'll continue to stop in here for a drink when using Light rail to head downtown. Also, now that I know what they're HH is like I'll keep Loco in mind when I go out in Scottsdale (I'm assuming both locations have the same specials).
1	discourteous waitresses. food not all that good. if you have to have a drink on a late weekday night - come here.
1	The bartender refused to serve my friend a water because she wasn't buying anymore drinks.
5	I'm so in love with the tacos here it's insane, not to mention the margaritas!!! Environment is nice and clean, service is great and coming here is always a party!!
4	I absolutely love their chips and salsa which they offer to you free. The customer service here is excellent and have always had prompt service and the meals have come to you fast. Beers and happy hour is an excellent time to go and just relax. The only thing I thought was annoying was the floor fans that are along the bar.
5	Excellent food, perfect tasting drinks and fun atmosphere.  Looking for a mouth watering restaurant in Tempe?  Stop here, you won't be disappointed.
4	I have been here twice now and wasn't disappointed either time.  The tacos are excellent! Margaritas are pretty good.  Service is great! The food here is much better than some Mexican restaurants I've tried and I'll definitely keep coming back when I'm in the area.
5	I love loco patron!! They have the best tacos and the margaritas are delicious. My friends and I come here often, whether it is for an hour or two, or just to stop in and grab a drink. The wait staff is so friendly and attentive which makes the bar area more enjoyable.
3	Great happy hour specials.  Margaritas were decent, chips and salsa free but the food was gross. It was your typical mexican bar food nothing at all special or delicious in any way. I can see it as a place where you might end up eating only if your wasted and starving. The service was slow too even though we were a group of 6 with only 4 other people in the bar.
1	This was my first time here... Came after it was highly recommended by a coworker. She suggested I try their specialty- the pork tacos. Well let's just say this will likely be my last time here. $12 got me two tiny, greasy, tasteless tacos. They were pretty much shredded, bland pork in a super greasy hard shell with shredded iceberg lettuce and a sprinkle of cheese. I asked for the sour cream/guac on the side, but the tacos were  missing the sauce that the menu states is included. They came with a side of cold rice and beans that were also tasteless at best. I would give 0 stars if possible, but the bartender was prompt and friendly!
5	Amazing food and drinks.  I highly recommend this place.  The servers are all very nice, plus they laugh at my jokes.  I love this place for lunch.. In fact, I think I'll eat there tomorrow :)
4	come here on tuesdays for tacos cheap and delicious the bar tender mimi is awesome she will great you with a banging bod and a smile
5	Dope spot...if you're here for breakfast grab the eggs and enchiladas... And the bottomless mimosas... Won't be disappointed.
2	We stopped by Loco Patron for lunch & overall it was just an "ok" experience. It was pretty crowded but we were seated right away & our waitress came to get our drink & food orders promptly. I got the chicken taco with extra rice for my meal. There wasn't much flavor to the tacos nor the rice. My friend had the shrimp tacos & he said they were really good. Perhaps I should've ordered those. I think they have $1 tacos on Tuesdays for happy hour which might make them worth it.
5	Such a fun night at Loco! Laser & all the boys behind the bar were so nice & helpful & made this such a fun night for me and my friends! Can't wait to come back!
2	Work around the Tempe location... Not bad for a quick lunch  or after work drink with friends. The food is okay , not great but not the worst I've had either
5	Been here a few times now & it's a bar with awesome food! I've had there famous tacos & a quesadilla of the appetizer menu with zero complaints! Will come back again!
1	Tried for lunch... Friday, half empty and told me food would be 20 minutes after ordered.  20 minutes later... another 20 minutes for a half empty restraunt.
3	Breakfast burritos only on Sunday mornings. Hash browns that come with are the deep fried kind from McDonalds. Aren't we at a place with wait service? Very disappointing. Chips and salsa are very unflavorful and the food in the kitchen seems like it's coming out from someone that hates their job. I'll have to try one of the other restaurants on Mill Avenue next time.
3	Great food.  Had the pork enchiladas and they were very good. Good service and bar staff. Prices were competitive for the area.
3	Food was ok, staff is rushed.... Ate there once and had a beer another time; the waitress was nice, bartender was careless type of person.  This place has potential, but it's really more like a "Chilli's Restaurant" type of food and stuff... Just nicer for the size.  I doubt I will go back.....
4	Good food. The salsa was great. Had the carne asada tacos and they were decent. The tortillas were a little dry. Otherwise good had great flavor. Drinks were good. Service was a little slow but there was only one waitress. Would definitely eat here again.
4	It was ladies night last night and it fell on Taco Tuesday. Loco Patron was a huge hit. The ladies and I filled up a booth with laughter and fun without breaking the bank. From 3pm-Midnight you can score great tasting food and margarita's for an affordable price. $1.00 Tacos, $4.00 Wings in various flavors, $4.00-$5.00 Margarita's and much more. The ladies at my table enjoyed the Strawberry Margarita's at $5.00 a piece. Freshly made and brought to your right away they helped wash down our $1.00 Tacos and upgraded Steak, Fish Taco's for $2.00 bucks. Even though we were given Chips and Salsa to start our food came so quick it was quite the surprise not having to wait long for our food. Service was great. We started at the bar and were served by a friendly bartender then we headed to a table near the DJ booth and was served by a server who was on the ball. I mentioned DJ because they have one from 7pm-Midnight. DJ Matt in the hat took our request and spin the night away. You don't have to be a starving student to enjoy Taco Tuesdays. We were a bunch of business woman who needed a night out and it was worth every penny. Will do it again!
