4	I love jonathon he is so great. He applies just the right pressure. & he takes his time making sure to "fix" the issue. I did not give this 5 stars only because of the quiet room. It's right across from the lobby door so people are talking & going in & out. Also the therapist must come in to get the water for clients. So with all this activity going on how can you relax?i think that the membership for 6 months is a bit high! plus beware on that contract of the automatic renewal part.
3	I went in for a massage last week to use a gift certificate that I got for my birthday. The employees at this location were friendly.  The prices are reasonable and massage was a-ok for the price point.  They did try to sell me a "membership" but I don't like the idea of getting locked into a contract so I passed on that.
1	Had a really bad experience here.  I booked an appointment, I gave them a credit card.  They confirm the appointment and I showed up and they did not have me the system.  I planned my whole day around this. What a waste of time.
1	Awful awful awful!  Kevin and I decided to get a couple's massage for our birthdays.  This is the 3rd couples massage that we have had together (three different places).I really hate how this business is run.  We were asked both by the receptionist and by our massage therapists when the last time we had had a massage - a year.  They both had the snotty response, really? Why are you not having more?  We need to fix that.  Massages are a treat for us, and they need to accept that is what we want.The massages themselves were the worst of the three.  I asked for medium pressure, but heck I would love to know what hard pressure is.  My girl apparently was worse than Kevins.  When she would use her hands, it was good, but when she used her thumb or elbow, the pressure was too much and painful.  She really used the elbow way too much, from my back to my legs.  Also, did not get the use of the thumbs around the jaw line with pressure, really??  My back was in pain to the touch a day later, Kevin said the same thing - not the good oooh I just had a nice relaxing massage type - it actually hurts!  Happy Birthday us right?!Back to the sales pitch when we were checking out.  Would you like to schedule more massages?  No.  We can easily do that.  Still No.  We can also get you signed up for membership so that you can have a discounted rate for your massages.  Still No!  Will **never** go back there!!
5	Every time I have gotten a massage here (5 times now) has been amazing. Each one better than the next. I have absolutely no complaints. And for the people complaining they tried to sell them things and it was irritating, that is part of the job and I believe all you have to say is a firm "No".  No need ripping them to pieces because they want return customers. "Wahhh the quiet room is loud"... It's because they're busy because they're amazing! Blame the loud customers not the business. Also if you don't like the pressure the masseuse is using, they ask your opinion about it and you definitely have a mouth and vocal chords to tell them to adjust the pressure.  Jane and Kirsten are phenomenal and my mom always requests Bev. I am always willing to try someone new because I am never disappointed here. I even fell asleep tonight after a deep tissue massage because I was so relaxed. I believe if you are going to spend money on yourself and indulge, forget manicures that you can do at home, but go for a massage that no one but these talented people can treat you to.
1	My husband just came back from a massage here after I told him that he should not go to a place like massage envy.  He was more stressed out than when he went. The area he wanted addressed, anterior deltoid, was not touched while she apparently could not figure out where the scapula was or does not understand to not put extremely deep pressed there. He had to tell her to stop. A full body massage apparently is almost a whole hour of what he felt like was going hard over railroad tracks instead of with the muscle fibers.  She didn't touch legs or his front shoulder the main issue. Deep tissue does not mean extreme pain it means working deep into the muscle tissue. As a former massage therapist who just doesn't have time with two kids to give a massage I am deeply disturbed by this therapist complete lack of knowledge of the body. Then they wanted to sell him a monthly membership...
5	Chyphes. Period.That's her very unique, pretty name, and I'd follow it anywhere.  This was my first experience at Massage Envy, and honestly I was a little nervous based on the reviews that I read here.  It's a little strange to enter this place from busy Ballantyne Village, but a million times worth it.  I was greeted by Meredith (?). She was very sweet, and helpful. She gave me my two pages of paperwork to fill out and went over what to expect from that moment going forward.  Chyphes was my therapist.  She was incredible.  Very knowledgeable, and full of information.  She's been a massage therapist for quite a while but said that she use to work with professional athletes.  Everything about this experience was just right.  She was able to tell a lot about me, just from her touch.  (And when I was face down, she knew when I was breathing out of my mouth instead of my nose like she told me to! Haha) I loved her. Her personality, pressure and knowledge were exactly what I was seeking for this experience.  I don't get massages often, but the next time that I do, I'll be coming back to her.And yes - other Yelpers, the front desk will try to sell you packages with all sorts of different discounts.  Instead of getting upset, just say "no thank you"!! It's their job!
