5	This place is absolutely awesome for a 40$ mani pedi! Really clean and very thorough staff to make sure the job's done right. I can say that my nails were probably not in the best of shape but they look amazing now. Would definitely recommend 100%!
5	I wish this place were in DC -- it'd be my new go-to place!  After walking around Montreal and QC for a few days, my feet were a mess (and my hands not much better).  The ladies at this place provided exceptional service -- soaking and prepping my hands and feet twice (because they needed that!), then wiping any tiny bits stray polish off, rubbing extra oil for my cuticles after everything had dried.  My pedicurist even combined 2 colors to give me the perfect shade for my toes.  Quick, polite, helpful, and very precise!
4	I've found it very hard to find a good nail salon here in mtl. I stumbled upon this place as I was running other errands. It looks a little grimy on the outside but is the CLEANEST salon i have ever been to. BEST PEDICURE EVER.  I get my nails done here every 2 weeks and have yet to have a complaint. If however something should happen to your nails she offers to fix them for you at no cost. Guaranteed GOOD CUSTOMER SERVEIC and LOW PRICES. ps afternoons near the end of the week are always very busy. I try to avoid going then. I usually call ahead of time to see how busy they are.
5	The ladies are well-trained and take pride in the work they do.  Three of us walked in for mani-pedi's, and they took great care of us.  When in Montreal (The Village area), I would recommend this salon.
4	Very clean, simple and pleasant. I went there yesterday after reading some yelp reviews. I called ahead of time to inquire about massage chairs and if they sterile the equipment, "yes" to both. Its a small salon, no frills but just perfect for relaxing, the tech spent 1 hour pampering my feet!  And you can't beat the price. Mani/pedi $40. I will definitely be back.
5	Very nice and clean. I went on december 26th last minute because it was the only one opened in the morning. I enjoyed my pedi. The staff were nice and sociable.Will go back again :)
