4	Now, I don't know much about this menu... I'll admit.  For all I know, their roast beef could taste like a butt.  That's very possible as I haven't ventured far outside of my comfort zone.Here's the thing:  I'm a creature of habit when it comes to certain places and I have no idea why.  Other places, every time I go there, I get something different.  This is one of those places where I order, more or less, the same goddamn thing I always get:  Their hotdogs.  The guy working there looks pissed when he's not taking your order.  He's got this handlebar mustache and kind of looks up and looks like he could beat the shit out of me.  Once you order, he instantly, WOOSH! becomes really nice.  It's like when he's not taking someone's order or doing something productive, he's angry.  I like his face.  Something about it.  Some people have a face you like or a face you hate.When I ordered the hotdogs, he asked if I wanted them with everything on it.  I think he said they were Chicago-style but I can't remember.  At this point he knows what I likes.  I took the dogs back to work, opened them up and dug in and MAN... holy shit.  I had never had a hotdog with cucumber before.  It's fucking BRILLIANT, man!  It cools you down and the spicy mustard heats you up.  Oldtown Deli is close to where I work, in a decent location in Scottsdale if you were around there or happen to be driving by.  Check it out and get the hotdogs, dude.  If you like hotdogs, you'll be happy.
4	I really enjoy stopping by for a sandwich at lunch time.  Not sure what it is about the place, the food is good, the price is good, and it feels like a small mom and pop business you want to support.  No wow moments just a good lunch spot for a meeting or to stop in for a quick bite. Parking in the back is a bit tight but I always find a spot.  I have not figured out to call in an order yet but it usually takes 3 min to get my sandwich so I haven't felt the need.I think these types of places are much more fun than the chain stores!
4	Carin is on a shoot today, so after squash and visiting the Red Seven Grand Opening, I dropped by the set to watch my girl get in touch with her inner child (I understand that's how actors do it...make believe...pretend stuff:)I had actually never seen her on a set before and I was amazed by all the camera's, monitors, people running around...it was quite a production...oh wait...I guess that's why they call it "a production" :-)After I left the set, I was motoring down Goldwater and saw a sign out in front of Old Town Deli that said, and I quote - "1/4 pound Boar's Head Hot Dog - $3.00" :-)Yes please!I was starving and boy did that dog hit the spot...they use all Boar's Head meats and sausages...they also have breakfast's and they make deli sandwiches...they do salads and soups...in short, they are exactly what they say they are...the Old Town Deli...and they do a nice job:)Best of all...free delivery of your sandwich, salad, soup and what not:)No, they aren't a kosher deli...they aren't a bakery and they don't have the seemingly unlimited menu that my buddies at Scott's Generations do, but they are a perfectly serviceable little deli and they are very nice people:)It's a quick and inexpensive place to grab a bite in Old Town...and did I mention...they deliver...for free:-)
4	Two words: Boar's HeadYes, this little deli is one of very few Valley spots that carries Boar's Head and only Boar's Head meat.  Jared stopped in a few weeks ago and has been back several times.  I finally joined him for a quick lunch today.  I went for "The Starlet," a salad with shredded carrot, sprouts, cucumber, bell peppers and tomato over Romaine.  Of course, I had to be difficult and had them add avocado, turkey, pepperocini, and a hard boiled egg.  Balsamic dressing on the side.Jared ordered a "turkey on rye, toasted, deli mustard, no mayo, swiss cheese, tomato, onion, pepperocini, and lettuce." His sandwich came with his choice of side and a pickle.  He went for the three bean salad... We were both extremely pleased with our orders.  This place will not blow you away, but it's simple menu, quality food, convenient location, and friendly service warrant a return visit very soon.As Donald mentioned and as I see on their take-out menu, Old Town Deli offers free lunch delivery - now that sounds like something to take them up on for sure!
3	Happened to notice this place while on our way to lunch somewhere else and decided to give it a try.  Now I'm not a huge deli enthusiast, and I was a little worried when I saw all the bread options were standard sliced bread.  But I was pleasantly surprised that the bread is delicious.  I don't know where they are getting it from, but it's not the Wonder truck.  As Gabi noted, Boar's head meat and cheeses are served.  There are also bagels and breakfast sandwiches, coffee drinks, and hot dogs available.I thought the food was excellent, but I was really surprised when a half sandwich, a wrap, and two bottles of water were over $17!  Upon further investigation, I discovered my half of a turkey sandwich (and this is truly half of a normal-sized sandwich) was $5.85!  "Why how much is a whole sandwich?" you ask.  $6.40!  You save a whopping 55 cents by ordering half.  Now I know there's labor to make the sandwich, but the prices tell me the ingredients are worth $1.10.  While I would happily pay $6.40 for the whole sandwich, the half is grossly overpriced IMO.  Next time, if there is a next time, I'll order the whole one and throw half in the trash so at least I don't leave feeling violated.   Minus a star for pricing, but excellent otherwise.
1	I drove by a couple weeks ago and they are now CLOSED.
