5	Normally I'm  mistrustful of restaurants that serve more than one type of cuisine on the assumption that there will be a lack of authenticity as well as quality.  Uchi was on the list of restaurants recommended by our B&B hosts so we decided to give it a try tonight.  It's about a block and a half from the B&B.  We noticed it on the way back from Coo Rouge the first night.We walked in and were seated.  The decor is spare and quietly elegant.  There are booths against one wall, a sushi bar on the opposite wall and tables in between.   We were given menus, a couple on sheets of paper, the other in a padded folder.  I noticed the list of soups included Chinese, Japanese and Thai.  It was too warm for soup so we didn't order any.  There were three salads, one of which was called "special salad".  I asked our server what was in the special salad and  he told me crab, avocado, caviar and I forget what else.  We ordered that and mixed tempura, then chicken w/ black pepper and crispy spinach and beef w/ garlic mushrooms.  We ordered tea to drink.  Alan observed, like last night, people bringing in their own wine and beer.  Later he asked our server about this and the server confirmed that it was much more expensive to have a liquor license than to encourage patrons to bring their own and charge a nominal corkage fee.The salad was served first and it was a revelation of flavor and textures, a mixture of crab, tobiko, avocado, crisp romaine and other ingredients in an almost sweet creamy dressing.  It was simply exquisite.  The tempura was crisp and not the least greasy, three prawns, sliced sweet potato, zucchini, eggplant and another vegetable I forget.  They were served w/ a dipping sauce that was slightly sweet but not overbearingly so.  The chicken was served following the tempura and it was terrific.  Neither of us had had spinach cooked that way.  The chicken was fresh and tender. The sauce was flavorful w/ a little heat from the black pepper.  There were slices of green peppers and onions.  The dish was accompanied by a small bowl of rice, as was the dish of beef and mushrooms.  Both dishes were excellent, full of vegetables in addition to the meat.  Both sauces were fresh and flavorful, not overly thickened.  They were elegant and refined.As we were finishing, one of our hosts walked in to pick up takeout.  He greeted us and chatted a bit, then greeted the restaurant staff.  He told us Uchi had been a Japanese restaurant until 6 months ago, when it had been purchased by a Chinese family who had kept the Japanese menu and added some dishes of their own, maintaining the previous high quality.  If this restaurant were at home we would certainly be regulars.
3	Tried their special "Sushi Boat" it was good but nothing extraordinary, found it a bit pricy for what you get. Ambiance and service is good.
5	I was in town for work and staying close to Montreal Central Station.  Lots to eat in the area, but I decided to take a short trip out to Uchi and I am glad I did.  I've eaten sushi all over North America (and other places too, like Tokyo) so I know good sushi when I find it.  This place definitely gets 5 stars!  The Nigiri was great, but even now (it's been a few months since I was there) I'm sitting here writing this review and salivating at the thought of their Salmon Lover's roll.  One of the best rolls I've ever had.  Must find a way to get back to Montreal soon so that I can hit this place up again!
4	One of the best sushi places in Montreal I'd say. My boyfriend is probably an even bigger fan than I am for this place. We ordered a dragon maki which was served in a wine/dessert glass with special sauce. YUM-MY. We ordered an assortment of regular makis and some special ones like the dragon. I came here twice and both were spaced apart. The first time they had only a Japanese menu. The second time they added Thai. Szechuan food which made me a bit skeptical of the quality of the sushi. But that actually made no difference, the sushi was really quite delicious. Very fresh and not too much rice in the makis like some places. The rice and ingredients were well proportioned. (not too much of either rice/fish...but a good balance) Their presentation is nice as well, serving our sushi on a wooden elevated plate. It is pricey though, so expect to spend at least $30-35 per person. Ambiance is nice as well.
4	Food is ok.  Their Chinese menu is better than their sushi, but then, Montreal isn't the best place to find good sushi.  Enough quality to be worth their pretty reasonable price, though.  I gave an extra star for delivery, even though their delivery guy seems to be missing a few screws.  One time, he came, got buzzed in, and then left claming he "could not find the apartment"  Um... it's in the building you were in???  not to mention that my door is 6 feet away from the elevator.
1	Not fresh and overpriced. Service lacking.
