5	Came in from Chicago and was so pleased with the time they took and insight. I feel truly enlightened!
5	I had a reading with Terri this past week and I have to say she was absolutely amazing. She was spot on with the cards.  She was able to give me a lot of insight on my situatuon. She has a beautiful gift. If you ever need something clarified in life definitely go to see her.  I would recommend her to anyone.  Thanks Terri!
5	Kim's intuitive guidance and reading were spectacular.  Truly gifted and channeled from the divine light and love. I'm so happy to have found her!
5	I was referred by a close friend to contact Chicks w/ Spiritual Gifts for an intuitive reading. Wow, these girls were right on telling me information that no one else could possibly know about me! I was so impressed with Terri's talents that I booked my 1st company event with her. The Chicks read 30+ clients for our 10 year anniversary party. Our clients were amazed at the information that the Chicks gave them in  10-15 minute incremental readings. At the request of one of my clients who had a previous reading at my 10 yr anniversary party, I re-booked Terri with Chicks with Spiritual gifts to come back to do my holiday party in Las Vegas.  She read more of my clients and again the same results-right on with her readings!! My clients were so amazed with her abilities and what she told them.  Some of their loved ones came to her in her readings and floored my clients! I am looking to re-book the Chicks again this spring/summer for another company event! I have since referred them to many of my friends and family to help them as I truly believe she has helped give me and my clients peace from past loved ones messages and future predictions.If you are looking to do an individual reading or do a company event for spiritual readings then I would highly recommend this company as these girls are not phony and are definitely the Real Deal!!Thank you Terri for all your help and Peace you have not only given to me  but also my family and friends!  Nikki MusegadesLas VegasHair Salon Owner
5	I cannot begin to explain & describe the closure that Terri gave me after  my reading!! I wasn't always a believer in this kind of stuff, but Terri completely changed my thoughts about it! She knew things there was NO WAY she could have just googled about me! lol I am so happy I decided to do this reading. She took weight off my shoulders!! I have and will continue to refer everyone to these girls!!
5	Terri is an amazing gifted woman and the real deal.  If you want a reading where they speak from their guides and doesn't ask questions during the reading than she is the one for you.   She was spot on in my reading.  She spoke of things that she could could not have known.  She said phrases that my deceased grandparents would tell me.  She spoke of certain relationships and the issues with them.  She knew of things that didn't make sense to me at the time but when I spoke to my mom she knew exactly what it was about!  Just amazing.  I was in total awe and excited.  The healing I received has been tremendous!  Thanks Terri for your beautiful spirit and wonderful reading!!
5	I recently had a photo reading done with Terri. And I was very pleased with what she said. She helped to clarify some things that I was concerned about and verified some things that I already knew. I would definitely recommend getting a reading done if you are having questions or concerns about your current situation or just looking to get clarity on some things. I will definitely be trying a phone reading the next time.
5	Terri was refereed to me by a friend when terri gave me the reading she gave me so very good she was right on and told me things I needed to know thank you Terri for you and your angels for everything.
