5	This quaint little coffee house is tucked away at the edge of the Mexican War streets. It's a little small, but the staff is super nice, and the coffee is always good.
5	Beleza is an adorable coffeehouse, located just a few blocks away from the Mattress Factory. There's seating for about 12-15 people (and some bistro tables outside if the weather is nice), but the real draw of this place is its extensive special latte selection. I wanted to try them all, but I settled on the Oregon Chai, which was delicious. They also offer an assortment pastries. If I lived/worked in this neighborhood, I'd be a regular fixture at Beleza, but for now, it will remain a special treat.
4	Small, well-branded, well-stocked coffeehouse whose staff & regulars actually seem to strive for that which they claim they do: intentional community within the greater community that they are a part of.  This coffeehouse has become a cornerstone in the Mexican War Streets since its inception, and is fiercely trumpted by its regulars.  Regularly engaging in community outreach (i.e. community garden across the street, activities with neighborhood kids, food distribution), the staff of Beleza portray a tenacity and hopeful drive that marks the business they communally own.  One could spend many an hour there, sorting out which indie rock songs the drink-names are taken from, enjoying the rotating array of local artistry adorning the walls, making use of their free WIFI, or sipping organic coffee or tea with friends.A great place in every way, and routinely a large touchstone during my visits to Pittsburgh.
4	This small cafe on the N.side is one of the few cafes in the area. It's a bit hot in the summer but the coffee, food, and sweets have always been good to me and the staff is super sweet. The cafe itself is owned an operated by a rather young group of PGH locals and they host a variety of events in their little space, making it more than just an average cafe. There's a nice garden across the street to hang out in. Nice atmosphere inside- sofas and a great yellow window seat, ceiling fans overhead, and art on every available wall.
4	Unfortunately, this bastion of Pittsburgh's North Side has closed.  Although I can grasp the general inherent difficulties of collectively supporting and running a community coffee house, I lament the loss of Beleza.  It was a rad, welcoming little place that, in many, many ways, came to signify Pittsburgh to me.  Thank you, Beleza, and for the folks who ran it: I wish you well.
