4	What a nice little surprise this place was, judging from the collapsed drunk outside, I was shocked anyone could read round these parts.Apparently this place has been here for 19 years, in which time they have gathered quite the collection. Where they really shine is the amount of War books they carry. Worth a look if you're into that kind of thing!
5	This is a great little bookshop on Dalkeith Road which has a wide range of genres, a tranquil, unintruding atmosphere and a pleasant owner.  I walk past this place quite a bit, but it only occurred to me to have a look round a couple of weeks ago.  It prides itself on specialising in military history, and even lays claim to being announced as having one of the best stocks of the genre in Scotland.  Thus, this is the place to come for information or even novels relating to just about any war in modern history or anthologies of military strategy.In addition to this they also have plenty in the way of sci-fi, romance and adventure novels, as well as the odd natural history encyclopedia.  The Bookworm is well worth a look no matter what sort of reading material you're into.
4	This is one of the better bookshops I've seen around town, primarily for the quality of books on offer.  It's stock focus more on the more popular books than anywhere else able to compete with it on price (though many of those places can beat this place on price).  You see at charity shops you tend to get all the books that people no longer want, whereas here you are getting books that people will want to buy.Upon entering the shop you'll notice that it holds a vague resemblance to a CD shop, just with books in the places where the CDs should sit.  You see, although one side is adorned with shelves, the other side has the books laid out in overlapping stacks so you'll have to quickly flick through to find out precisely which books are on offer.Other than this the last thing to point out is the fact that this shops best section is its crime fiction, and indeed the owner is probably a fan of these, so if you're also a fan you might find a quick look round here a worthwhile trip.
4	Tucked away down the bottom of Dalkeith Road is this little bookshop, in an unassuming building, next to a pretty skanky pub. Although not much to look at, it is a great find for anyone interested in second hand books. Similar to an old record shop, it has a wide array of books laid out which you can flick through at your leisure. And there are quality books here, not the autobiographies of z-list idiots that normally clog up the shelves of charity bookstores. The owner has clearly gone to quite a bit of trouble to amass a tidy little collection. Although not as cheap as the aforementioned charity shops, you definitely get a much better selection.Particularly good are the crime and thriller sections, with a wide array of both genres available. These are clearly a particular passion of the owner, as he shows a remarkable knowledge of not only what he has in stock but also within these genres, what type of writing the book is. I ended up with an armful of books simply on his recommendation, the old 'If you liked this...' trick. To be fair to him, he was correct; the books were generally great and at a fraction of the price of Blackwell's and Waterstone's. I particularly like going into these shops just for a browse, as ones of this quality are few and far between and you often end up unearthing a real gem, as is the case with The Bookworm
4	I gotta be honest, when when I first noticed the sheer volume of military history books in The Bookworm I was tempted to turn on my heels and flee. I'm glad I stayed however because alongside weighty tomes on different military units, I found a cracking selection of classic novels and literary thrillers. Both the paperbacks and hardbacks were in top notch condition and I was delighted to find cult U.S. crime writers like James Ellroy, Jim Thompson and Walter Mosley sandwiched between Scottish authors like Ian Rankin and Val McDermid. In true noir spirit, I should have got a leggy blonde to charm and dazzle the owner whilst I swindled copies of The Getaway and The Grifters. Instead, I paid my six pounds and walked straight out the front door.
