4	I adored Uptown Coffee as a middle- and high-school student, mostly due to its proximity to the school.  It is a great, mellow place to hang out for hours.  Their drinks and desserts are always delicious, and they used to serve sandwiches.  They seem to have gone through a makeover since I graduated, and now it is much better lit, though the much-beloved couch is no longer.Uptown Coffee is a great alternative to Starbucks and a great place to spend a few hours catching up with friends.
3	Bad coffee.  Good baked goods that are a bit overpriced.  Don't go here for coffee, get a milkshake instead.  Or buy your baked goods here and go down the street to Aldo for your coffee.
3	I don't think the drinks are as good as Aldo down the street, but Uptown has a much more laid-back and relaxed vibe than the Aldo circus.  Maybe it was the time of day, but it seemed like the staff were a little less than thrilled to help us.  When we asked for details on a drink, I had the feeling we were taking away from their valuable time for them to answer a question.  They have much more food options than Aldo if you'd like a treat with your drink - lots of cookies, biscotti, brownies, etc.
4	I like Uptown Coffee! They're like the "little guy" to the one down the street but they've got a much cooler vibe. They have a bakery on site and have some killer treats. I just wished they would brew their ice coffee a little stronger. I hate it when coffee joints just stick a batch of regular coffee in the fridge. It needs to be brewed via the seeping process, people!!! That way, I can stop paying for the shot of espresso, which is sometimes "one toke over the line" for me. Friendly staff, though. Beware: they get nuts around 3:30 when the local grade schools let out for the day. Nice folks, good coffee.
3	I would be horrified if someone tallied up the hours I spent here hanging out after school, drinking espresso drinks I had no right to be drinking at age 17. But they served us, and for that I am eternally grateful/annoyed, as they probably played a significant role in my mid-quarter-life caffeine addiction.So, Uptown Coffee. Thanks?
4	Great place to meet and talkFriendly staff and good atmosphere
4	YEAH COOKIES!  ALL TYPES!  for $2 each...I, too, miss the couch.
4	It's quite interesting reading the reviews below. Why? Because Uptown Coffee always seems to have a group of youngsters hanging around every time I swing by for a cup of latte. However, I don't mind whatsoever. Even with a group of teenage girls and boys around, you're still able to find your space around the shop for business work or simply just for relaxation. I go there about once or twice a month because their drinks and desserts are delicious. Service is great as well.
2	Weird experience.  I asked what they use for their Chai Latte and they said they have their own "mix."  I'm here to tell you... I have no clue what they gave me.  I felt like it was peppermint spiced tea, with half water half steamed milk.  It was pretty gross, and wasn't even remotely close to a Chai latte. I also tried to make convo with the Barista's.  They were having none of that.  They just wanted to work, I guess.  Maybe jam to their awesome playlist, which I can definitely give them credit for.  Their desserts and pastries looked amazing!  So I had to take home some cookies.  I chose a sugar cookie and mexican cookie.  The sugar cookie was that weird crumbly kind.  I like doughy goodness.  I'm not wasting my calories on a bad cookie.  The mexican cookie was just the same consistency.  Ugh!Too bad, the place is super cute, but in my opinion it's an utter fail.  Oh wait, free internets.  Not a total loss... Sorry buds!
5	This is a great place with good products that serves and caters to everyone.  I would miss it terribly if it was not there.
5	It's hard to argue with the delicious, fresh coffee and the never-ending parade of fresh baked treats coming from the modest little coffeehouse at the edge of the Lebo shopping district. I can happily while away a half-workday, sipping mug after tall mug of their house roasts while utilizing the wi-fi that has become as much a part of coffeehouse decor as the vintage seating.I like to set up shop towards the back, away from the cold outdoors but more importantly right by the kitchen where the bakers are outdoing themselves several times an hour. Biscotti, banana bread and pumpkin bread, coffee cake with huge nut pieces, and about 439 kinds of cookie emerge and never disappoint.
4	My weekly group of meditation buddies and I often stop here post Om. Most of them are tea drinkers, but coffee is my beverage of choice, and it's very good here, served in a nice, welcoming atmosphere. I've had the drip and the espresso drinks, and they are all above average. I opted for the house decaf on my most recent visit, and it was a deep and complex brew. Biscotti, cookies and quick breads/cakes are all available for snacking. There are mismatched tables and chairs for seating, and vintage advertising posters on the walls, and I like the rather eclectic decor, too. Parking is street metered, but I never seem to have a problem finding a spot. If you do, keep heading south to the parking garage a few blocks down.
5	The best little coffee shop in Pittsburgh!The atmosphere is great!  The baristas are super friendly (the one woman is the most cheerful, happy person I've ever met) and helpful.  I commonly ask about the flavor of the day, and they give me their honest feedback and opinion.  I particularly enjoy the hazelnut and caramel nut ones; they seem to be more nutty and less sweet than most places.  I've had more than my share of espresso drinks as well, and they are also great.Yes, there are occasionally 10+ middle or high school kids there, but in my experience, they're respectful and well behaved.  If that's not enough to take Uptown to the next level, the desserts are out of this world.  Muffins, apple coffee cake, cookies, lemon squares, banana bread, omg I could go on and on and on.  All of it outstanding.  Also, they serve Betsy's Ice Cream!!!!!  I've never had a problem with the temperature (if you're cold, move toward the back, if you're hot, move toward the front).  But the wifi will occasionally need to be reset.  The baristas are always happy to help.
5	Great coffee shop sit and eat in there whenever my brother is taking a guitar lesson at empire music next door very good coffee and nice people
2	Mediocre sandwiches and milk shakes. Also, the woman behind the counter was very rude and had a terrible attitude.
5	Nice local coffee shop with free wifi, great muffins/biscotti, and decent seating space.
5	This is the go-to cafe in Mt. Lebanon nowadays. There's plenty of room and the space is welcoming. The coffee is terrific and the barista welcomes and chats with customers. The pastries and sweets are always evolving, so every time you visit there will be something new to try.
4	Not a huge fan of it anymore and don't come in as often since I'm not "roaming" around the Lebo area as much as I did a few years back. I loved it here back when I was in high school though. My friends and I would always come here for a quick afterschool pick-me drinks & yummy pastries. Or sometimes a group of us would get together here to study on the weekend. We love the raspberry Italian/French soda and their banana bread is just so good! Seems like they have new workers over the years and they're all good but I still prefer those baristas that used to work there all the time about 4 years ago. We just clicked instantly and they knew exactly what we wanted....
5	Out of town visitor in pittsburgh and needed to get some work done so came here.. It was awesome!! At first I was bummed they didn't have pour over coffee but the iced coffee was delicious. I also got the veggie sandwich and granola. Both were amazing and may have been one of the best vegetarian sandwiches I've had- tons of veggies, hummus and flavor. My sister got a cookie and ham sandwich bth that she loved. Free wifi, lots of room to sit. Lastly, very friendly staff. They told me they bake their extensive bakery goods there and helped me navigate my way to kennywood during rush hour for my sis. I went back today and was still awesome.
4	Great local coffee shop. I come here a few times a week to work, and the free wifi and spacious seating are much appreciated. It can get loud at times, but nothing headphones won't fix. Love their iced coffee and iced tea of the day, especially the acai green tea. The pumpkin chocolate chip bread is really moist and delicious as well.
2	Not a huge fan of their coffee, the cookies and pastries are really good, however! The lemonade is amazing. The lady who works their, is super rude and never smiles. The customer almost feels like they are bothering the workers.
4	A recent discovery of mine and I'm glad that I found it!  I loved the home-y feel of this place. There were lots of tables to work on, each with it's own individualized lamp! The artwork on the walls were fun to look at. The cup sizes for iced drinks are really big! A small is the equivalent of at least a medium (if not bigger) at a place like Starbucks. I'm lactose intolerant so I get soy milk but they don't charge me extra for it! (Usually $0.70 or more elsewhere). Parking is tricky but I always find a spot..plus the location is on a nice strip with other stores and offices so parking further down the street is worth the stroll.
4	Uptown coffee has delicious milkshakes, hot chocolate and to die for m and m cookies! The staff are definitely much more friendly than at orbis cafe down the street. The only thing about this place is it always looks dirty especially the floors. Other than that this is my favorite coffee shop in Mt.lebanon.
5	This was my first time and coffee & pastries were delicious. I had pumpkin coffee, a cinnamon roll, and later, a pumpkin spice latte. The atmosphere was totally coffee-shop-esque. It was pretty busy (Plein Air weekend); it was nice to see a lot of activity. I came here to study and was undisturbed for the 5 hours I sat in the corner. I originally had trouble connecting to the WiFi, but that was all my computer's fault :) I can't wait to go back, Uptown might become my weekend study haven!
