4	The best nightclub I have been to in vegas (in awhile)!  The club is situated around a great waterfall and pool, and it's really cool.  The music was good, the people were cool, and it wasn't too crowded.  There's also an area where you can dance on a pole for all to see.  We were club hopping, so we didn't get to stay long, but it impressed me!
2	Uh, I was incredibly underwhelmed by this place.  The only reason it didn't get one star is because the design of the club really is stunning.  It's situated right under the restaurant Okada, next to the famous waterfall in the Wynn and the lighting and design of the place is quite gorgeous.  Everything else, though, failed to impress.  The DJ was terrible, mixing miss-matched beats that no one could dance to.  There are much better ways to spend a $30 cover charge on a Friday night in Vegas.  I suppose I did get a pretty hearty laugh out of the fugly girls fighting over who could be the biggest whore at the pole--I think I saw one girl punch another girl trying to get her pole on.  Come to Vegas to SEE pole dancers, not to BE pole dancers, ladies.  Please.... I'm begging you.  For my sake and yours--leave the dirty work to the professionals.
3	Worth a visit just to check out the amazing waterfall inside. Oh and make sure to reserve a table because even then there's a long VIP line.
5	I highly recommend their wheel-chair services for the drunk.
5	Asking around Vegas what the hottest club is at the moment, most people said, "Tryst!"  The place is packed to the walls until closing, which unlike SF is 4am-ish.  Decent mix of hip hop and dance hall while we were there.  People here were dressed to impress and you can't beat the outdoor patio area with the waterfall.  The inside is laid out in 3 lounge areas with a main dance floor that leaks out to the patio.  There are a lot of drunk, rude-ass people that constantly bump into you on the dance floor, but it could be like that at all clubs in Vegas.It does pays to stay at the Wynn because we were taken past the line like freakin' VIPs just by flashing your room card.
2	The good: The club is BEAUTIFUL inside...it is a beautiful clubThe bad:  the bouncers are JERKS and A-holes... they hold the line for all the ugly bald people that slip them money.  The ugly:  The crowd... an older crowd... drunk... not attractive... the music was bad.  I had free passes, thank goodness, it would suck to have paid to get in there.  We left after 30 min... and went to Lure at the Wynn... smaller lounge... better music... better looking crowd.  :-)
4	If you are trying to decide on a club to go to in vegas, this one is fun to check out. Mainly because of the waterfall. Kind of like the Niagra Falls of Vegas... but with drinks & 80's music. Vegas is so artificial that I kept finding myself touching the plants and being in awe when they were real... Real Trees! Strange things start to impress you here.It is also very easy to get free passes from the staff if you ask nicely(maybe not for a sat. night though). In addition, true story: I met A MAN here!! Okay, so maybe he was 75 (no, I am not exaggerating) but he was a personal friend of Mr. Steve Wynn and his pal had just won $10,000 and he had just aquired the keys to his penthouse suite in the Wynn. Classic Vegas story right?? If only Anna Nicole had been there...  The point of this story is, if you come here on a Sunday eve, you very well may be the hottest youngest things up in this joint. So do it!
3	good place to mingle, hang out, dance and sip HUGE $20 drinks.  we liked how there were lots of places to sit and hang out outside by the big-a$$ waterfall (at least it wasn't like the one on the TV show Las Vegas... monstrosity!).music was pretty hot but there were some bootsy dancers... what did they think they were doing?  lots of laughs tho and we were able to steal some of their smooth, fancy moves!
3	When I heard that director of promotions was a guy with the last name of "Hohos" I thought O boy this is what we are going to get a bunch of Hohos and yokels running the door.Sadly, I was right.  The door is manned  by a team of guys who were skilled for their job by watching every single episode of "Growing up Gotti".Thankfully being on the guest list got us in without the $30 cover. It did not get us in fast. As another guest lister said "The idea here must be You're on our list, now  be our guest on this long line" A 30 minute wait is NOT VIP treatment.  The DJ, o the DJ, is absolutely terrible.  A top 40 radio station would have been better.  It gets an extra star for the gorgeous layout, the waterfall and the attention to detail design (faux crocodile leather on the better located tables but not all) and another for bartenders who know how to bartend, (you know not just pour but create a banter, flirt, and remeber your drink on your 3rd time up-even if she is wearing a leather corsette).
1	Executive Summary: On the surface Tryst looks like the most luxurious, glamourous place you've ever been to. In reality the staff knows nothing about service and may as well be herding cattle. The place is always packed based on unjustified hype that is sure to fade as fast as a $100 bill on a roulette table if they don't start delighting their customers.The full story: We were in Vegas for a bachelor party two weeks back and needed a place for the main event of the weekend. After doing some digging around, the consensus seemed to be that Tryst is the newest and hottest of what Vegas has to offer. We've all heard the story of the 12 guys that walk up to the bouncer in a trendy club but never actually walk past the bouncer so we called ahead to make a table  reservation. Now I don't really know how this is calculated but the manager tells us that getting 12 guys to Tryst requires a 4 bottle minimum. Sure, what the heck it's a bachelor party! We make the reservation. Following a great Friday night at the Voodoo Lounge we get to Tryst on Saturday expecting another one, but far from it. After telling the host three times that we have a table reservation we wait around for about half hour while we watch wads of $100 bills being exchanged and scores of guys going in. Great, more guys! Then the manager calls to say if we want to guarantee being seated at a good table we should "take care of the host". Finally the host comes to get us, we thank him and pass a $100 bill, he looks at his hand, I look at his face, apparently multiple bills were in order. Somehow the best man manages to sweet talk the guy walking us down there and we get a nice central table. Once we sit down we're informed that we need to order all 4 bottles right away, so 2 vodkas, a gin, and a rum come our way for about $500 each plus cost of mixers (yes, they charge extra). A few hours pass, we drink, we laugh, we have a good time and we're down to the one bottle of rum. The bouncer pays a visit to inform us that one of our friends looks a little too drunk and needs to go home. We promise to take care of him, he's cut off. Next comes the waitress to deliver the news that if we want to keep our table we need to order more bottles. "But we still have a bottle!", nothing, "But the bouncer says people are too drunk!", nada, " But we just spent a few thousand dollars!!", no use. We're shipped to a table far in the back corner outside, right next to the emergency exit. At least if the 8 foot bouncer decides to throw another one of us out, he won't have to drag us too far. Oh yeah, the waterfall's nice. I hope their freakin reputation drowns in it."
4	Possibly one of the most breathtaking clubs I have ever been to! You enter in from a spiraling staircase which kinda makes you feel like you have just stepped into Rhett Butler's mansion. Once your inside there is a dance-floor in the center which opens to a patio with a crashing 50ft waterfall! Since this is the newest and hottest club in Vegas right now everybody is trying to get in on a Saturday night...I recommend knowing someone with table service or else you may have an extended wait. The music was OK, they were playing a lot of hip-hop and 80's mash-ups, just not the best hip-hop or the best 80's music.
1	We had passes from the Wynn  concierge, where we stayed. It was my girlfriends birthday and after waiting for 40 minutes, dealing with the punk who was the door guy, we went to talk to the hotel manager. It's the one thing that STINKS about the Wynn. So the hotel manager told us that they have many problems with Tryst, that it's not affiliated with Wynn, just a tenant.  (Thanks Margaret, you are the best)After offering us a car and passes to other clubs we decided to have her walk us in to Tryst, past the door guy - one of them was a meatball and the other was crying out to be cool. Hey door guy, if you read this, you don't gain respect by letting your buddies and a bunch of scanky women in instead of a respectable crowd. If they keep this up, this place is going not going to last very long. We met some really cool people in line.The club itself is cool (looking) and is a total mix of fun people and absolute losers. Who runs the show at this place?? My guess is that someones rich Dad fronted the cash for his son to feel cool, am I right?
4	Tyrst (noun): A lover's rendevous.And what a rendevous it is.  Walk down the spiral staircase into what looks like the inside of a genie bottle.  Crimson plush velvet walls and a bar even before you pay for admission.  When you enter the club, you will be awed by an enormous man-made waterfall.  The only negative is that the air conditioning escapes since they keep the doors open to overlook the waterfall.   Hot people and good music in a beautiful setting.  The mini lake, waterfall, and greenery provide a good escape when a breather is much needed.
3	I had a blast here with meeting the locals. I believe I was intoxicated enough but still aware of my surroundings. The huge waterfall in the back patio with pool was a nice touch. The small bubbles and foam that came out during some songs was a nice added touch. But it was way too crowded and was hard to move around. There was a line for the mens bathroom which was the first that I have ever seen and waited in but nice and clean.The drinks are expensive and aren't as strong for the price.The music was eclectic from rock, dance, oldies, and radio play but there definetly was no crunk "shake dem dreads" hip hop which was a big plus for me. There were small platforms for the girls to dance on with not much space for guys to stand around so that was a big plus. I get to enjoy eyecandy like everyone else without the view blocked. Nothing surprising at all for the music. This is only a good place to come to meet locals on SIN. They sure are friendly and give good advice on what to do while you are in town. Although there were some guys that gave me glaring looks when I was dancing with some people, but I was too buzzed to even care.
1	Your typical super snobby LA type nightclub.  If you're not on the waitlist or have giant knockers, you won't get in.  No really.  So basically the regular line is actually a line up.  $50 a person or a short dress will get you picked, leaving only the guys left behind.
5	This club is AMAZING!  WOW is all I can say...I am still giddy over the experience.  The decor is fabulous, everyone that works there from the front door men to the sexy bartenders are eye candy and the DJ mixes crazy beats like The Cure with Carissa or Violent Femmes and Prince.  But hold on, because the service is impeccable too.  We were treated like queens.  Everyone was nice and not pretentious.  Dance Floor was crowded but not packed.  The bathroom attendants wipe down the seat after each person uses it.  No ramboette style needed.  any the 90 foot cascading waterfall into the center of the club has to be seen....no words give it justice....we ended up bringing my 65 year-old mother in law back to the club just so she could indulge in the experience.  A MUST SEE IN VEGAS!
4	Not a full 5 for inconsistency in experience. Enough said about the decor, nice waterfall etc etc. The opening weekend, when my group was lucky enough to be able to get inside, the music was awesome, the place took my breath away on my first  experience there. Couple times after that were a just o.k.Last time I went there, the music sucked! So bad that apparently it was not me who had that opinion. I looked around the the dance floor was filled with people who were just standing, looking around, and confused as to what to do. *um... groove? swing? slow dance? ??? ....* No amount of booze was able to move your body to the mix played ...Just seemed to me that things were not going well that day. It was not an overflowing capacity like it did on the opening time, but full nonetheless. Yet despite the large opening to the waterfall area, the place is suffocatingly hot and stuffy. Was the HVAC broke or they just forgot to turn it up?....I probably will try other clubs next time I go to Vegas, not that i will veto Tryst forever, but I'm just going to let it cool down for a little :)
4	Great music, breathtaking views, beautiful people, lots of alcohol.  What more could you ask for?It's cool that they have lots of elevated spots for girls to get up and dance.  And then a lot a of spots for guys to sit and watch.  :)My only pet peeve?  The line.  We got there at 1 am and the line wasn't moving.  Good thing we got to know one of the bouncers....
5	Now this it the Top tier of night-clubs!  Every want and desire is filled here.  Beautiful people, striking atmosphere (imagine a 100Ft waterfall as a backdrop), great music, awesome service.  And I recommend getting table service here.  You get your own host and her assistant!  She makes your drinks, she dances with you, and she is drop dead gorgeous.  You are asked every so often- do you need anything? Cigarettes? Well let me go get you a pack.  (I don't smoke but my Friends sadly do :(Be prepared to spend a chunk of change- a $60 entry fee, not to mention the table service which is a 2 bottle min w/ $400 a bottle.  Nonetheless, it seemed to us the Wynn staff was nice to everyone-at the door, at the bar, rest room...my guess, it  is a rule by management- make it fun for everyone- not just to the Timberlakes of the world. Oh yeah, there's only one- sexy back!When you go to Vegas- Tryst is where you party- period.
4	Hot::  Paris Hilton at TrystEven Hotter:  Barbara Walters at Tryst!Fortunately, I was there Saturday night to see the latter (I heard the former was there the Friday night).  I ended up here kind of randomly and would echo some of the recommendations so far:  either go early and anticipate the wait, do your homework up front and get on the List with a reserved table, or be willing to pay for access.   Once you do get in, it is a great club:  good music, good vibe, and for the most part, good people.
5	Okay so I've been to more than a handful of clubs. But during my first trip to Vegas I might have found my favorite club/lounges. Period. The Tryst at Wynn was not too big; it had a dark, velvety, but extremely airy ambiance. The circular space surrounds an absolutely breathtaking waterfall. It makes the Buddha at Tao seem like a mere trinket. I also liked the crowd. Maybe it's because the Wynn is a bit off the center of the strip, but the place did a good job of filtering out the teeny bopper and grandma's night-out crowds. It felt authentic - i know i know, I was surprised too; it's Vegas, afterall.
4	The first thing you'll say when you enter the club is "How pretty!!" I guarantee. It's built around a really gorgeous waterfall, and is definitely stunning. VIP or passes help to avoid the long line in, for sure. I'm not sure how the crowd usually is here, but on the night I was there, I noticed a mix of young people (20s-early 30s) with kind of older people (aka almost retirement age). Kinda sketch, no? Lots of dudes trying to get their game on too, kind of amusing to watch when you're bored. The music was off and on, sometimes really good, sometimes not so much. Oh, and their go-go dancers need to learn how to dance. I don't know about some of these other reviews, I wouldn't say the crowd is beautiful by any means...
5	I absolutely love this place! Rolling out solo on a Sunday night I ended up here with some ladies from San Diego and LA and found myself neck deep in a hodge podge of fake breastasisisisisissssss....a bottle of goose later and I can't even begin to explain the goingz onz at the VIP table. Music is the best I've heard at any club mixing hip hop and killer house with spots of "satisfaction" and "shiny disco balls"..off the charts base lines and a perfect scene for people to meet and greet and be marry. I highly recommend it anytime your in vegas...VIP by the waterfall is fantastic BUT beware, bottle prices are 500+ ...as long as  your with good people and prepped for the hit to the money belt, should be well worth it! Oh and special thanks to the new friends I made from So Cal...
2	I stopped by Tryst with two of my girlfriends in Sept. and we were afraid of the long lines that we were warned of from others. We got to Wynn super early at 8:45pm and no one was line for Tryst. The club didn't open until 11:00pm and we didn't have anything to do since the longest line that Saturday night was only 30 mins. The bouncer gave us free passes to get in for free which was cool. I think Tryst is overly hyped and not particularly special inside.
4	When we got to Tryst there were mobs of people outside waiting to get in. I followed my host's directions, walked past all the people and went right up to a host at the rope with a clipboard, gave them my name and the rope went up and we went in. That was it.  Seriously, its so easy to do the host/guest list thing and its the same price....why do people bother to wait in line at all?  We got some drinks and headed out to the outside patio which is in front of a 90 ft waterfall. Like everything in Vegas its fake, but its made to look like you are outside in a canyon somewhere. It was definitely a nice club, not a fan of the cavernous dance floor, but it was a lot of fun. Around 1 or so the place was insanely packed...we left shortly after and headed back to CP for some gambling and snacks.  Tryst was definitely one of the nicer clubs that I've been in, not the nicest though.  The music was decent, the crowd beautiful.
4	This is beautful. I think my experience was more positive b/c i was at Tao the night before and did not have any fun at all. The setting is beautiful and it helped that we had a table b/c one of my girlfriends reserved a space by the water for a bachelorette party.There were a few D.O.M. (dirty old men) who wanted to hang out with us. I'll warn you of that. The restromms were nice and well stocked with assistants.
5	I don't belong in Tryst; but I sure enjoyed finding an alter ego that had a blast here.  From the cool red decor to the layout that works to the dance floor, to the water fall and pools and bathrooms, this place has everything that you could want in a night club... except for all the cash you'll drop (but it's all part of the experience).Now for the interesting stuff.  Wow were there some fantastic dancers there.  To see them dance was impressive.  Conversely... wow were there some crappy dancers.  I'm not a great dancer, but I fit in just fine with some of the no talent ass clowns strutting their stuff.Finally, like I said earlier, I don't belong here.  I'm married, my friends are married, but we are all in better shape than many of the "beautiful" people who are letting their overly ample body parts spill forth.  There is a definite difference between being skanky and sexy folks.  Just because you are willing to let it hang out, doesn't mean that it's looking good!That being said, I still give Tryst five stars for the experience.  Good stories, good fun, good people watching are all worthwhile pursuits.
4	First of all, to be fair, I went to Tryst with my significant other because I won VIP tickets from 93.1 for Tryst's one year birthday party. The birthday party (and open bar) brought out the partiers in droves....With that said, we walked straight up to the VIP host, explained the situation, and were escorted to the door in front of about 150 people standing in line.  The doormen were very friendly - escorting us to the elevator because of my broken foot.  (Yeah, I went partying with a broken foot!  Vegas, baby!)We were ushered in, bypassing the paying customers, and walked straight to the first bar we saw... where we stood in line for about 30 minutes waiting for our first drink. (open bar, remember?)  The bartender chick was sexy (the corset helped) and very sweet.  She explained that the well drinks were free, while top shelf was full price - saving us a few bucks.  Not the usual for upscale clubs in Vegas.  After we got our drinks (doubles, of course) we made our way outside.  The patio sections are absolutely fabulous.  Luxurious seating surrounding a pool and enclosed with trees and a waterfall!  They had heaters placed throughout the seating area to keep all of the scantily clad hotties warm while getting liquored up.Even though we couldn't find an empty table in the house and the dance floor was packed full, it was still a great place to hang out and listen to awesome DJs spin.  The regular drink prices are comparable to most nightclubs - about $8 per cocktail - cheaper for well drinks.  The decor is lush and gorgeous, the staff friendly and helpful.  Overall, a great night out for a couple or a group.  My recommendation would be to call ahead for table service (expect to lay down a couple hundred, at least) with seating close to the dance floor, dress to impress, and be ready to party your ass off!
5	all other clubs will forever be shit in comparison.  that waterfall, the music, the waitstaff, the service, the size, the decor, everything was perfect about my experience at tryst.
5	Everything in Tryst seems to bank on the visual, much like the hotel it's housed in, The Wynn. I was a bit skeptical, especially after waiting an hour and a half to get in line ... I mean, what if it wasn't even worth it? Well, it totally was, and not just because of the music, the drinks, the crowds, and of course that cool waterfall outside. That's right folks ... I am talking about the BATHROOM! Not only was it fast moving, but it was CLEAN!!! Maybe I'm going to more of the down and out, hole-in-the wall clubs, but being in Tryst felt like a major step up if you compare its bathroom to many of the countless others. There are tons of mirrors, for starters, a cool round sink where people wait to hand you some towels, candy dishes (which I gladly helped myself to), and most importantly NO LINE! Sure, okay, there was a line, but the wait wasn't limited to more than two minutes. I loved, loved, LOVED this place. Now when I go to other clubs, I'll think back to that beautiful night I spent at Tryst ... and there were celebrities there too! Oh man. I was in heaven.
4	Terribly entertaining, hot people, beautiful setting, well designed. On the night I went, a party of 8 Persian boys were celebrating one's birthday. Every hour they had the waitresses in corsets delivering 10 bottles of Cristal. Then they threw wads of dollar bills in the air.  I made $27 without even leaning over to scrape it off the floor. Only in Vegas....
4	Going bar hopping can lead to disasterous events...like a major hang-over or a 1500.00 tab...wonder which one is worst...luckily- the latter was comped off for 'mistakenly' ordering a 'bottle' of Cristal...a little too rico suave for me... and too many women with clandestine intentions....but hey if you're a rockstar- you'll be a big hit ;-)
4	this place is hot. came here on a saturday night and we were on our way to stand in line (because i hate people that beg to be let in vip), but got hailed by promotions to skip the line and pass go when we got there around 12. sure, why not? it was awesome. got to sit in the vip lounge w/ a few ballers for a while and then danced the night away in front of a waterfall. a lot of girls in orange, and i don't mean clothes. but everyone was very friendly. yes, the bathrooms are clean. they pick up all the crap left in the stall before you even walk in! umm...what else. no wait to buy drinks so that's a +5 at least in itself. also saw the tall dude from everybody loves raymond here.
4	Went there on a Sunday night on a long weekend. Crowd was okay. Place isn't that big as well. Music was pretty good though. It's an okay place but I think there are better. Maybe it was the Sunday thing, I'll try to give it another shot on a Friday/Saturday. If the weather is nice and they open the windows, can be quite a treat.
5	The best club I have been in Vegas and I have been to all of them. Got there at 11:00 with 4 of my buddies the line was all the way to the casino entrance. In order to get in this club you have to know someone at the door or make a Table reservation. Luckily I did both. Walked right up talked to guy in charge and we were the first ones  to get into the club and the main bouncer escorted us to our table. Later in the night Le bron James had a  table next to ours, it was great!. The club when you walk in is amazing, waterfalls, stripper poles, etc all of the  waitress were very attractive very attentive and professional. The music was great. Look when you try to get into this club do it right because there is going to be no where to sit unless you a table. Our bill was around $1500 bucks but hey it's Vegas it's expensive EVERYWHERE! deal with it. This club is 1# in Vegas right now!
4	Amazing view!  If you're in a group with all girls they let you cut in line which was a plus because the line looked like it was a 2 hour wait.  The only thing that was a disappointment was that it felt like they kept packing more and more people in the club.  Towards the end of the night I wasn't dancing anymore, it was just pushing and shoving everywhere.
4	I had my doubts about getting into this club since we were a group of 9 guys, but this is Vegas, and we knew that you can pretty much get anything if you show the green. I will forget that we paid 800 to simply get in the club, since I expected that to happen. Once we did get in, however, you get a magical blissful feeling that I haven't experienced at any other club. The beautiful waterfall is what I remember most about this club and, oh,  the gorgeous women too. I wish I could remember what happened that night, but I drank wayyyy too much. If you do manage to experience Tryst, you won't be disappointed.
5	Without a doubt the best club in Vegas! To go along with that statement it's also the hardest to get into! There is a line to stand on another line that brings you downstairs to the clubs lobby that has another line on it to try and enter. This will hopefully secure that this truly exclusive party spot will stay hot. Thanks to the hotels amazing service and the awesome VP of the hotel, we had no problem getting in ASAP as true VIP. We were given a truly relaxing table, outside, overlooking the waterfall thats on a lake. I would have preferred to get a table inside by all the chaos. However, those tables were taken up by celebrities like Xzibit and Joshua LeBar of entourage...( who decided to invite himself to my table. lol)   The decor of the club was dreamy. Red velvet walls, mirrors all over the walls, alligator-skin couches and marble tables. The thing I truly LOVED, being wried about germs, was this was the ONLY club I've ever been to that has a staff to clean up the bathroom stalls after every use! To top off the night with our amazing dinner right before, at SW steakhouse, our bottle of vodka was well worth it to add some fun to our experience. Also, if you enjoy this place you will also enjoy Drais for after hours. Will DEF. be returning if ever in Vegas again.
5	This is what Vegas is about right here, no doubt. After you walk through the ellaborate entrance it feels like you entered paradise. The place is beautifully laid out, with an outdoor area that features a gorgeous waterfall. There's outdoor and indoor table service so you can enjoy the heat of Vegas or the heat from musty people getting their dance on. Even paying excessively for drinks does not seem that bad when you are ordering drinks from a bunch Matel Barbies (they were pretty fly). This place is truly amazing in all aspects. I had a blast. The only con is the dancefloor is a little bit too small and like other clubs it is super packed. Remember for Vegas clubs, if you are a guy and want to get it in, BYOB and I don't mean beer.
5	I would say this is probably one of my favorite clubs in Vegas... The place is well designed to say the least,  The crowd is attractive, the music is good.  Now as others have mentioned it is quite costly to get in to this place but once you are in you will surely have a good time...  If you are going to Vegas on a budget this would not be the best place to go on the first night of your trip because it will be the end of your trip.The club is simple amazing, very soothing and if you actually opt for a table you will be genuinely pleased....  ________________By: Ali E
1	Overrated.I went with some friends on a Saturday night. They let in the people with tables and passes first, then any girls waiting in line started to get let in at 10 pm. Our group split up. It was pretty much empty in the club, just a few girls and some old dudes who had bought tables. An hour later (at 11), they still weren't letting any guys in. We waited a little longer, then got annoyed and left.This club creates artificial lines just so they can look more exclusive. Lame.Oh yeah, and the drinks I bought ($20/apiece) were poorly made. I shouldn't have left a tip.
5	Tryst is defined as, "a secret meeting between lovers." Let me tell you, the crowd at Tryst will live up to that definition. Everyone there is amazing and no one there is ghetto, nor hyphy - bonus points. I've partied in New York, Chicago, and San Francisco. This is my favorite club, period. The place is just amazing - from the moment you step in and see the waterfall to the music and the crowd, to the deep red walls and booths - it creates for itself a fun time. My friends and I did go on a Thursday Night - that may make a difference apparently as some of my other friends went on a Saturday night and did not have as good of a time - apparently Thursday nights is the "Tryst" night, as the locals will say.It was definitely worth the cover and the time we spent there. I want to go back there soon.
4	If I had a recorder on me at Tryst, here is what it would have recorded:"Look at that line - I thought this place opened at 10pm?""Why aren't they getting in?""None of them are bringing 10 girls with them.  Keep walking.""Did you see that chest?  Those can't be real!""Welcome to Las Vegas.""Oh. My. God.  That waterfall is two stories tall.""Maybe three.  Wow that's gorgeous.""And did you see what she was wearing?""She could be a cocktail waitress.""...Hmm, I'm not sure that qualifies as cocktail waitress behavior...""Maybe it's a tip...""Nice to meet you.  Yeah, that's my chest and they're real.""I wasn't...""Really.""Let me buy you a drink.""Okay, maybe you weren't introducing yourself to my cleavage.""HOW much was that Greyhound?  Because it didn't have that much alcohol, I hate to tell you."  "He's totally grinding on you.""Is he cute?""Uhhh...""Let's go get a drink.""I'm just trying to get to the damn restroom!""She totally threatened you.  She threatened to take you out.""Why do you think I'm still moving towards the restroom, honey?""No, the bride is over there.""Youuuu...youuu'ree preettyyy.""Why does this always happen to me?...""Yuuuu...""Shut up.""I've heard this song before.""I've heard all these songs before.""Do you think the DJ will play something less than 2 years old.""Only if God shines on Las Vegas.""We could have a problem then...""I love that damn waterfall.""Dancing outside under the stars ain't half bad either.""My feet hurt.""Yeah, too bad it's all bottle service. No sitting.""But hurting feet is good.  It means I danced a lot.""Even though the music was old?""Sometimes old can be good."
4	A party of 20 and I had complimentary passes to Tryst but weren't allowed to use them. The staff told us that they weren't valid during a holiday weekend (it was New Year's Eve weekend). The passes didn't have fine print stating when they couldn't be used - nor did the promoter tip us off to that! Even with this hiccup, our group had an excellent time.This is one of my favorite spots to party. The lit waterfall is gorgeous, and there's room to breathe. You don't feel like you're in a meatpacking plant like you do at other Vegas nightclubs. Drinks aren't cheap - this is Vegas, after all - but that's what pregaming is for.All of the staff were professional, not condescending, and helpful, from the bouncers to the bathroom attendants, to the bartenders. Noy, our super bartender, kept the drinks coming and was funny, too! The MC at the door was receptive to our group's feedback and let the girls (half of our group) in free. Multiple DJs entertained and kept the entire club dancing all night.Recommended for a fun time.
4	Dont ask why I havent written this review earlier because I celebrated my 30th birthday here NYEve 2005. That night was the grand opening and I brought 30 people (including my mom and her man) and we had 30 bottles (see a 30 theme going on here...???) that night over 1/2 the VIP area. Kid Rock was in the house that night. My buddy Rob (that looks exactly like Hugh Grant) was an even bigger celeb that night than Mr. Kid Rock. The stripper pole was in effect (my crazy girls got my mom on that pole...I'm still in therapy for it) the with girls. It was an incredible night that lives in the annuls of Nate Dizzle history let me tell ya.If you've never been to Tryst, know that its shaped like a crescent moon surrounding a water lagoon with a huge waterfall. Its quite a sight the first time you see it. The decor is completely incredible. The dancefloor is a pretty good size (and it doesnt matter you can dance around all the table areas). The bartenders are all great. The waitresses are super hotties. And the vibe is always upbeat. The only complaint ive ever had with Tryst (and hear it from anyone Ive ever taken there) is about the music. Very hit and miss. Sometimes its good...but most of the time, not so good. Other than the music, I think Tryst is one of the best nightclubs on the Strip.
3	The crowd's a bit older than I would like.  Also it's a higher end club, so some people seem to be stuck up, but it might just coincidentally happen to be like that the first five times.  The dance floor isn't too bad because it extends outside where you'll see a nice waterfall view in the back.  The music is definitely different than other clubs with some old school stuff playing throughout.  The music selection is definitely... unique.
3	We showed up at Tryst at midnight on a Saturday night on the last night of a three night venture. Three nights and four days of crazy partying that ended daily with blacking out and then passing out. Needless to say, we probably should have come here when we were more "awake." There was a line basically going out the front door when we arrived. My buddy's uncle is the head host at Wynn, so we were walked in. If we had to wait in line, I would've been pissed. Half of the club is outdoors, which is a great concept. The only problem I had with it was when it gets Vegas hot, it's like 90 degrees at night. I can foresee sweaty people dancing and trying to get drinks, especially since there wasn't decent ventilation in the place. There was one main bar that was on the way outside. Besides that, there was ample space for tables and lounges. That one bar was packed and unless you're able to weasel your way to the front, be prepared to stand and wait at least 15 minutes. There's another bar at the opposite end of the club that was less crowded. Drinks were pretty expensive, but obviously wasn't surprised since the club is located at one of the nicest hotels in Vegas. Three AMFs cost around $48.Besides that, it was an interesting night. After cooling down outside with a huge drink, we started walking around the club (my group of 10.) Most of the people there looked like you'd find them at THE hot LA club. I was at Tao the night before, and the vibe was less stuffy there (ironically.) We decided to break the ice with the crowd by clearing the dance floor for my buddy and having him do the dance Vanilla Ice does in Secret of the Ooze. That's right. Baller.In retrospect, we probably should've gotten a table--most places charge around $400 for a bottle, so if you have three or four people in your party, it's roughly $100 a person which includes cover ($30 this particular night.) Drinks are usually pretty expensive at the bigger places too, so at the end of the night, bottle service is pretty much the same as what a normal party would spend. I'd go back the next time I'm in town--but I'd probably wear shorts to avoid sweating like a whore from Tijuana.
3	This is the kind of place where you wait 2 hours to get in and then enter to an empty dance floor where a 40 year-old Guido is grinding on his 17 year-old daughter/girlfriend to R. Kelly's "Feeling on yo' Booty".  They were lost in the magic of R. Kelly's sweet, sexy sounds and I was lost in the magic of their bizarre, anti-rhythmic grinds.  Oh also, the dude was sporting an obvious boner.  That was his song, for real, no doubt.What I'm really trying to say here is, it's totally worth the wait.You can get free passes most nights by either being a non-repulsive girl or hanging out at the exit to "Le Reve".  At the end of the show, tramped out "reps" from the club hand them out to people as they leave.  Table service is pretty much mandatory but you can just sit down at the end of an empty booth and easily freeload.  What else?  Oh. TERRIBLE djs.  I'm talking I heard a dance mix of the Beach Boys, "Kokomo".  You know the one Uncle Jesse played the drums on?  I know you know what I'm talking about.  Don't front.  There is only one thing worse than the original Kokomo and that is Star Jones' naked.  The dance mix is a close second worst.
4	When the Wynn Hotel opened, the hype surrounding it was so intense, that even a local dared not to venture to the strip for its unveiling. Now that the initial excitement has cooled, it is a bit more accessible. The frenzy surrounding it's resident nightclub however, is far from dead. Tryst is a beautiful nightclub unlike any other I have seen in Las Vegas. The outdoor area faces an enormous waterfall, and the tables line the perimeter. There are even two bigger cave like areas on both sides of the waterfall that offer even more VIP space. I am sure they cost a bit (meaning tons) extra, but they are worth the view. Inside, the fun doesn't stop. There are go go dancers above the tables, three separate bars, and even a pole for those ladies (or slightly intoxicated men) who are feeling daring enough to give it a go! The dance floor is right in the middle of the club, and almost weekly there are live performances. If you are looking for a true nightclub experience, I have to recommend Tryst. There is great music, beautiful people, great drinks, celebrities everywhere, and enough entertainment to leave your wallet empty by the end of the night! Hey, that's how it goes...Recommended table: Try to get a table toward the center of the club, if you can. This way you can see the dance floor, the stage, and if you feel like it, you can dance on the banister next to the booth. Be careful though! My friend La fell off into the next table not once, but twice!Recommended drink: Pretty standard drink menu, but my overall club fave is Red Bull, Ketel, with a splash of Cranberry.
4	This was the place to be in Vegas this past April.  The only way to get in was to pay off the bouncers but at least in Vegas you can do that with a little gambling and if your lucky you really didn't have to pay out of pocket but with your winnings.  We made it in and headed downstairs to the party.  It was crowded but so much fun.  The DJ was great, mixing up the songs from 80's to new stuff and really switched it up.  Dancing here was a lot of fun, I even got to dance on top of this box with a bunch of us and we had so much fun.  The outside area is so beautiful, with two waterfalls and really has a South Beach feel.  White is the theme and I so wished I could have had VIP seating.  Drinks are expensive, but hey when in Vegas just hang by the tables or slots pre-game for almost free and then head into the club.This was an experience I will not forget and I can't wait to go back.  Tryst is classy, sexy and totally the place to be in Vegas.  Also love the fact that we stayed in the Wynn which made it so much better.  Party your ass off and then head up to the room.  Did someone saw RoomService?
4	I went to Tryst last year during Interop, the annual techie trade show when a couple of co-workers took me along. One of the vendors reserves it each year so that all of us techies can experience the night life in the safety of our own crowd. No waiting, no grinding, no one liners, no drunken dudes. The place is quite a sight. Waterfall, pool, out door seating. I was disappointed that there weren't any bathing beauties in the pool, but I was not disappointed by the bar tender in her devils outfit. Once was enough though. I skipped Tryst this year even though I had a free pass and an excuse to venture in when a few 20 something co-workers invited me to go along after dinner. I'm just not up for last call any more.I guess some of the techies had fun though. Who said geeks can't dance: http://youtube.com/watch?v=Ik29fxlHN7M
5	Don't give many places 5stars so this place definitely earns all of it. Not too crazy ab/ the casino Wynn itself; therefore, was completely amazed what cafe by day / club by night had to offer.Thanks to some networking hookup a dozen of us girls float right in w/no hassle. Immediately the whole venue blew me away (my first & not to be last time there was this past April). Besides the awesome vibe, the night got even better. Met so many cool, gorgeous friendly people from all over. One in particular from Jersey certainly held my attention.  Excellent club to be seduced by a totally hot stranger. Think there's something in the mist from the waterfalls that gives everyone that extra come-hither edge. And it wasn't just me--all my gfs found themselves a new ahem, arm-candy friend. ; )Drinks poured everywhere & I don't remember paying for a single one.  Music was rock'n fun b/c my 4in.stilettos didn't want to quit on me. Next thing we knew it was 4am, yet everybody acted like it was a contest for last-man-standing. Of course, our group continued our fun elsewhere w/new play pals. If your brains, body, & feet throbbing hurt the next day then that is a fab sign your Vegas club experience is officially OFF THE HOOK!!!  =D
4	2nd stop on our Vegas club tour.  This place was great! The DJ was off the hook.  A great blend of music.  We went on a Thursday and I believe that was locals night (I thought the strip was played for locals... guess not).   Love the waterfall and the outdoor dance floor and seating area.  What I loved the most... the poles.  What woman doesn't see a pole and want to let her inner stripper out? However, can we talk about the cost of alcohol?  3 drinks for $47? I don't want to sound cheap but after a few of those we decided to hit up a liquor store.
5	I'll give it 5 stars because1.  I didn't wait in a long ass line, I just walked right in with my friend (our real tatas got us in, thank you Agent Provacteur)2.  I had a great time dancing to the music3.  No greasy guys were grinding up on me (I would have gone UFC on their ass!)4. My friend left her panties in some one's pocket5. I like that you're not trapped inside a box, so it was nice that you could see outsideTryst was not what I expected it to be with all the hype surrounding it, but I had a great time.  Isn't that what it's all about?  Oh, and 6.  I received a very nice compliment from a female about my lap dancing skills...so thanks! (blush!)
2	I hate reviews that rip off that Mastercard commercial but what the hell, I'm doing one as well:VIP Table at Tryst : $1,000Belvedere Vodka:  $450 per bottle (x 2)Hookers:                  $300 (x 2)Getting kicked out of Tryst:  priceless!Yes, for the first time in my adult life I was kicked out of a club.  Why you may ask?  I'm still a bit unclear but basically some girls were taking a picture near our table, told me to get out of the way and I replied "This is our table!  You get out of the way!"  Well, something along those lines, it was 3am and I was not sober.  Turns out I said the wrong thing to the wrong person - one of the largest men I've ever seen told me that I had to leave.  The guy who escorted me out was really nice, he told me that I was leaving for disrespecting a member of the hotel staff. I wasn't about to argue with someone that large so I just kept my mouth shut and let him lead me away...I was half expecting him to go all Ocean's 11 on me and rough me up a bit but nope, just a nice walk out.  Oh wait, the hookers...as I'm standing outside the Wynn a cute girl walks by and smiles at me.  I smile back and she starts chatting me up...turns out her and her friend were hookers.  And no, I didn't go there.  That brings me to my Vegas formula:Girls in club at 1 am smile at you:  they want you to buy them a drinkGirls on the street smile at you at 3 am:  they want you to buy them.I'm still giving Tryst 2 stars because our waitress was really sweet and super hot and the dude who kicked me out didn't beat me up.
5	This has to be the best club I've been to. Not because i had the hook up and didnt wait in line, but because the music was great, they have a nice dance floor, and the waterfall view is amazing. The night i went, they "made it rain" with dollar bills from the ceiling. That was good times. The people who go there are sexy too, and nice. hey it was the first time a girl ever offered to buy ME drink when i asked her if i could buy her one. Anyway, highly recommended!!
5	Love love love this club!  We were lucky enough to hang out with someone with a table and bottles, so that probably has something to do with my glowing review...;)  I loved the decor and waterfall, everything was very plush.  Music was fabulous as well, we danced all night!
5	Tryst is *HOT* and I'm not just saying it because it's smack dab in the middle of a sizzling desert. It is the type of club you expect when you go to a world class hotel in Vegas.  The ambience is gorgeous complete with a patio overlooking a waterfall.  The crowd is beautiful and obviously there have a good time.  I've been to Tao, Pure, and some of the others, but Tryst has got them beat.
5	I'm going to keep this short, sweet and to the point ...  Because, well ... honestly, I'm just too damn tired!Tryst is phenomenal - inside & outGorgeous decor - definitely not Vegas tacky but classy; upscaleSpacious club - gorgeous waterfall spilling into pool just at the balcony of Tryst - this means you never get too hot dancing, just move your hot little tush outside and breathe in the nice cool mist Beautiful people - and sometimes REALLY beautiful people - and even sometimes HOT celebsSlammin' DJ playing some fab mash ups with the killer 80s/90s we (us 30-somethings) love to groove toExpensive drinks - REALLY expensive - ie: $12 shot that likely included 1 teardrop of booze - then again, a girl likes to have drinks bought for her, so this usually doesn't matter ... ;)A little sweet talk and the batting of a few eyelashes can get you past the LOOOOOOOOOONG line-up out front - even more sweet talk to some of the casino hosts can get you free passes your entire stay ... What can I say - I'm that good!Get it?  Got it?  Then go there!  Now ...
1	Worst club I've ever been in.I went straight to the front of the line with some girlfriends who were VIP -- but my guy friends were unfortunately stuck in line for over an hour until they tipped the bouncer $100.  I guess that's Vegas, but Tryst was sooo not worth the wait or the money.Music was okay.  I found the layout annoying, it really took away from my whole experience.  Atmosphere was okay, I guess -- but in my humble opinion, it was far too brightly lit to call itself a night club, with far too many tables and chairs and seating places to call itself a dance club, with far too many people to call itself exclusive.  i will not be going to Tryst again.
5	went around 10:30 with 2 friends we're regular people so we figured it would be good to get there kind of early since the lines at new clubs are no joke. but the oddest thing happened we went to use the atm and one of the security guys suggested we go and talk to the promoter/vip hostess with the clip board about after hours so we did. she walked with us and talked to us about draiis sp? and introduced us to the guy that would be working the door  there and then she let us in the club. sooo strange but soo nice!!! we went down stairs and into the club its beautiful it wasn't very crowded which was nice because it gave us a chance to look around. beautiful gorgeous and huge!! drinks are pricey so umm get a good buzz going in your room. there are plenty of regular folks there along with the people that think they're somebody. so avoid the morons and you'll have a great time!
4	Tryst is fun, IN THE WINTER!!! They open up the back patio which is absolutely gorgeous. It is stunning to dance the night away while looking at an amazing waterfall outside. Sometimes the inside can be a little stuffy so you can excuse yourself to the outside patio for some fresh air. The DJ's are always good, (nice job Justin...) and dancing on the tables always seems to creep into pictures when I have visited this place.However in the summer.....I don't think so. Its just hot here. Just plain hot. If you do go....go see Kristy and have her make you a drink, she is the cutest bartender in the place....she will serve you a mean martini if you seek her out. It IS hard to get in here!! It is one of the best places in the city, so YES, it's tough. Its tough to get into the best nightclub in Paris too. The difference here is that, if you have money it is possible. (it is not in Paris) So dress super pretty, and be nice, and call ahead, and be a little patient, and youll get in!!Happy dancing!!
5	oooh, la, la!!  This club is pure decadence.  If you are a girl, you will have no problem getting in, but I'd recommend arriving early.  Yes, there is a line, but it's worth every minute.  While you are waiting, take a picture against the red velvet walls. Elegant decor!  As the energy draws you in, you walk down the stair case leading onto an airy dance floor, which connects to the water-fall and pool.  Alongside the pool, there are mini-cabanas, which you can rent for the evening.  While you feel the breeze in your hair, you forget for a second you are in the desert, and instead feel transported to a hidden oasis.  Tryst is unparalleled to any other club or lounge I have ever been to.  It's beautiful, unique, and vivacious.  I cannot wait to head back and admire it once again.
5	Really fun dance club with a gorgeoud view of waterfalls from the dancefloor and back deck. After a disappointing few minutes at Pure, my friend and I came here and enjoyed every minute. Good VIP area, elegant and rich decor, and good selection of dance music, always a plus.
5	the wynn is beautiful. relaly really beautiful. and where being VIP to get in makes you feel like a queen just because you can bypass a long ass line that is there by 10 pm.the club is gorgeous in side the flow of it is outstanding. great dance floors, a random stripper pole, that, the bouncer told me was only for ladies-so men, dont try it. they will not be happy with you.there is more bottle service seating outdoors with the gorgeous waterfall that flows there. i had the most fun at this club out of all the onces i went to. it is sooooo much better than any other "hot" scene on the strip. it's fun, it's got a great vibe, and if you need to be taken care of/protected, CORDELL is the man to find and say hi to.seriously. cordell is the security man of the year!okay, aside fomr that randomness, i hope to hang at tryst again. it was really too much fun and the hours passed by way too quickly.also, it was relaly nice to see so many hot men who are all dressed up inside. i mean more than any other club, tryst had the best looking men working there.if not for the dancing, the drinks, the great ambience they have created, the people/staff watching is also really great!
4	hands down the best! beautiful! too bad there was a VIP line. =)
1	My friends and I recently stayed at the Wynn for a Vegas bday celebration.  The hotel is pricy but the room was gorgeous and the pool was great.  Topless section made for entertaining people watching, that's for sure.  The club in the hotel...another story entirely.We arrived at Tryst a little before 11pm on Saturday night...which is early for Vegas.  The line was ridiculous.  We were paying guests so we arranged with the bouncer to cut in line.  We had been given passes to use that night so that we wouldn't have to pay.  Fat fuck of a bouncer informed us that they weren't valid, we weren't VIP and we didn't have "the looks".  I can understand if we didn't get put on the list because of a mistake but to stand there and be told by a piece of shit I wouldn't touch with a leper's hand that I'm not pretty enough...I damn near lost my mind.  It was rude and uncalled for.  I have never in my life been treated like that.  After walking into the club and seeing the people they deemed "VIP" I didn't know whether to laugh or cry.  Fuglies running wild.  The dance floor was too small and overrun with douchebags looking to hump anything with a pulse.  On the way out, my friend (whose birthday it was) asked for the rude door man's name because she wanted to file a complaint.  He called her white trash.  She was very upset and went to the room almost in tears.  Considering all the effort we put into having a wonderful birthday weekend for her, I was livid.  I demanded to speak to the head of security and threw a shit fit.  Apologies, apologies, apologies but they wouldn't let me file a formal complaint because I wasn't the victim.  My friend is too nice to get the fucking prick fired so consider this my formal complaint.  I wouldn't step foot in that club again if they plied me with liquor and paid me.Question:  Why are there so many 5 star ratings for this place from people with only 1 review posted on their Yelp profile?  Could they perhaps not be true Yelpers and were told to write the review on behalf of Tryst?  Hmmmm...looks suspect to me, people.
4	This was a fav of all the clubs we went to over the weekend. The decor is gourgeous and outdoor patio is an experience. Most importantly, I felt the clientale was the most classy and by classy, I mean classy for Vegas.  (so why 4 out 5 stars??) Pluses were hot hosts at the door( Im not going to lie and say I didnt leave Vegas with a few numbers.) The minuses were bad top 40's music and waaay too crowded. Thank god we had a table...
5	I really liked this spot.  Yea, can be a pain to wait in line, but eventually you'll get in with a cool bouncer.  The drinks are strong enough to keep you buzzed for a while.  Crowd is a big mix, mostly bigger white girls who can't dance, but still always a spot to get yer groove on.  Has stripper poles for your drunk female friends.  Outside patio is very nice with a big waterfall.
3	Ohh, I really like this club the view of the waterfall from the dace floor is really cool. The dance floor was super crowded and really fun. It was great as we did not need to wait in the loooooong line to get in. It is so nice to be female and have friends w/ connections.
4	At first I was surprised by the sleek and modern interior.  Then the outside waterfall was a very cool sight.  Even though outside temp was still in the 80s, it wasn't that hot on the deck.  The waitresses were all very sexy and dressed the part.  The crowds didn't show up until well after 11pm.  By then the line outside was very long, even on a Sunday night.  The tables were outrageously expensive, in the thousands for a bottle of something.
5	Where the hell are all of these people from???  all of the reviewers are butt hurt.  I went, didn't wait in line and didn't pay a cover, but I did pay for drinks.....standard prices compared to SF.  Amazing DJ with ADD who would switch up the song every 30 seconds.  Waterfall was so refreshing.  I would suggest arriving at 3am.  all the drunk rookies have been kicked out and you have room to breathe.....we got there at one and stayed til 5 and had an amazing time....The decour is amazing, service amazing.  bathroom attendants make sure the stalls are totally clean and dry before they let you in, literally inspect after each use....I love them!! **Note to the retard, middle American guys trying to hit on us after our boys left to go get us drinks:  "where are you from?" and "Do you come here often?" might work in Ohio but not here....and Ps. we have rings on our left hands. pss.We are not the Vegas welcoming committee, so when we ignore you, don't ask us if we are always so rude....**Note to butt hurt people reviewers:  Dude, Wynn=nicest hotel currently in Vegas i.e. Tryst=hottest night spot in vegas....if they let every joe inside without paying cover with Reebok's on it would not be hott anymore.  Buy a table, do it right, go big, you are in vegas.  just go home.
4	This is a club I would recommend. First off it is located in the Wynn. This hotel is beautiful and elegant. It already sets the vibe. I like the idea of going down the spiral staircase to the club. Makes it like an "underground club".The vibe of the place was always positive. People are having fun. It's always crowded at any Vegas clubs on the weekends, as it was the weekend I went, but it was still easy to maneuver. The waterfall serves to cool club goers. The decor and atmosphere of the place in general is something I find no negatives in. The restrooms are very clean with plenty of nice staff handing out towels and other necessities you might need.Be prepared to pay a grip for drinks however. A vodka/redbull is about $15 not including tip. So be sure to preparty before you go here if you plan to get wasted, unless of course money aint a thang.Definitely would go here again and wouldn't hesistate to recommend it to others.
5	this place was nice, we had bottle service, so im not sure how long the line or what the prices were, but im sure it was ridiculous. one advice is to go later like 11-12ish or even later so its not as long of a line. if ur a girl find some guys to take u in that have a table. the water fall was pretty, the music was nice, and i dont remember much of that night...wooohooo
4	It's a very beautiful club. We did VIP walk in with angelika promotions. http://www.angelikapromotions.com/aboutus.html\They charged us about $33 per person including no waiting in line plus cover charge. We felt totally worth it, especially when we walk past the 2 hour wait line and walk straight into the club.I really like the water fall. It made the temperature a lot lower than other clubs. It also cools you off and you can stay near the water fall to have a conversation w/o needing to yell at each other.
2	We had table and bottle service here so fortunately we didn't have to wait in line or deal with the BS crowd unless you unfortunately had to pee.  Our waitress was nice as were the busboys that ran and got us two packs of smokes for those that were in need.  HOWEVER, people I'm sorry, but I just don't get it.  The compulsion to hang out in a club playing a mix that has been in effect since spring break 1998, paying THOUSANDS of dollars just to have your own space so you can sit down for a minute before standing up and gyrating like a stripper again, is crazy.  Just CRAZY.  I should note that perhaps I am just too old for this business, but every time I struggled to squeeze my way to the bathroom and got groped by some guido looking for a, well, you know what he was looking for, I questioned anyone's desire to spend this much money to drink over priced booze and get molested.  But, hey, I guess for some dropping $650 on a bottle of Vodka while getting pawed by some hag who is lip synching walk like an egyptian is a good time.
2	A New Vegas night club in the middle of New Vegas. Unfortunately, this place represents all the crap of new vegas you could probably do without. The douchbaggery of the men, the general stuck-up hoe-ness of the women. $14 "double" rum and cokes which tastes like niether rum nor coke. The only redeeming quality is that damn artificial waterfall and the outdoor seating. Even the DJ sucked.Only slightly redeemable because of the waterfall and a nice, empty Tuesday or Wednesday.
4	awesome decor, great crowd and no cover (i think this only applies if you're femme). :)
4	Waiting at the bar to order a drink.Me (Sees Charles Barkley chillin' at the VIP table): OMG! Friend: What?Me (Shaking my friend hysterically): IT'S CHARLES BARKLEY!Friend (Thinking I was talking about the music playing at the club): Yea...Gnarls Barkley.  He's cool.  Me (Screaming over the loud crowd): NO!  I said Charles Barkley!Friend (Puzzled yet smiles politely to be nice): Yea, Gnarls Barkley.  Me: YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND!  IT'S CHARLES BARKLEY! LOOK!Friend (Turns around):  HOLY SH*T IT'S CHARLES BARKLEY!Me:  DUH!FYI, the club wasn't even playing Gnarls Barkley.  Anyways, my friend is a huge sports fan and I just LOVE Charles Barkley.  Okay, now something about the club: Tryst is a very nice club and you can hang outside for some fresh air when the dance floor gets too stuffy and packed...and enjoy the pretty waterfall.
3	I'm not a pissed off ranter.I got in for free. I didn't have to wait in line in one of the hottest clubs in vegas. So I shouldn't have anything to complain about right?I was here before it was tryst, when it was... La Bette or something like that. Not much has changed except the bartenders now wear corset that push up their boobs to their chins. The drinks were not that expensive either (averaging around $11-$12). Those are all the good things about it. Now on to the bad:The dance floor is TINY. If you're in vegas and you want to DANCE, don't go here. If you're in vegas and you want a table and you want to drink with your friends, lure people into your table area, or party for a specific reason (bachelorette, bday, etc), then Tryst is for you. However, if you are in vegas and you are single, are on the prowl, want to go to a club with many dance floors, many rooms where you can go up and down and roam freely, then go somewhere else.I think this place is overhyped. When we left and saw the line outside, I felt pretty bad for them. We were done partying and moving on to Blush but they were still waiting in line, waiting to pay, waiting to get in to see that the people in there are already drunk or making out with each other or puking in the bathrooms.Thanks to a friend, we didn't have to pay cover or wait. I think I would have probably taken off one more star if we were one of the people waiting for 2 plus hours to get in.If you're from LA, this place is just like any other club. Next weekend I'm going to try TAO to see if that's better and I'll report.
5	A completely new and exciting nightclub experience awaits you at the bottom of Tryst's infamous staircase. As you descend down the stairs, you find yourself first entering a nice lounge area at the entrance of the club. Upon entering Tryst, you are greeted by a massive, yet inviting 94 foot waterfall. Immediately, you feel you've stepped into a private oasis. The club is dressed in rich reds and chocolates. A notable feature of Tryst is the jaw-dropping beautiful cocktail waitress'. They are dressed in sexy, draping (almost flapper like) mini dresses. Two large bars flank the club with an intimate dance floor in the middle, facing the waterfall. Thursday night is Tryst's industry night, slammed with locals and tourists. There is a wonderful vibe in this club, one that doesn't want to let you leave.
4	Friday night, our 1st night club.After our dinner at Okada, we decided to line up because Tryst is not open til 10 pm. The first group in front of us, were obviously drunk, obnoxious and arrogant. One guy have the audacity to tap me on my shoulder and said is it ok if half of their guy friends go with our group. (16 guys and 4 girls). One thing that irritates me was the way he talked and tried to put a guilt trip on me and my friends. Oh pls. even my parents don't even go that route. I can be a b*tch sometimes.2 guys overheard what happened and offered to get us a drink if we go with them instead, they seem like a good guys so we said cool. One guy approached one of the security and said there 2 guys and 4 girls in our group, do you think we can go. Lo and behold, we were escorted to the front and got in right away. We didn't have to pay admission because we all have vip pass.$20 for girls & $30 for guys.Once we got in, the waterfall looks so amazing, the club decor is great, attractive crowd, dj played doped music, the average tab for drinks is $15-20 (pricey). It could of been 5 stars but the bartender on the left side of the stage sucks, he doesn't know how to mix drinks, he doesn't even know how to make raging bull, c'mon now. The go go dancers we're pretty but they only had 1 style of dancing for the time we were there (10-11:30),go go Bay area dancers are better.Anyho, we danced our little hearts out then it's time to bounced to another club.
5	I love going to this place to party with friends in Vegas.  But I guess I'm completely biased because a friend of ours works at the Wynn so each time we go it's totally free and we never have to wait in line.  It's a great place to celebrate birthdays, bachelor, and bachelorette parties.  I do hear that the lines can be a pain in the ass and it can be pretty costly to get in.  The drink prices are definitely steep but I think it's all worth it for the beautiful people, good music, and amazing atmosphere.  The hidden waterfall outside is great and all the little cabanas outside are super nice.  Unlike most other clubs, it has never felt musty and sweaty inside Tryst.  I rank this place as the nicest club in Vegas, it is definitely worth checking out the next time you party in Vegas.
3	Went on a Thursday, which was Lady's Night, apparently.  You wouldn't know it though, since there were so many guys inside.  The place was pretty fun; the outdoor area looks like it would be an awesome scene in the summertime.  Drinks are expensive, but average for a Vegas club.  There was a stripper pole, which brought out the inner skank in a few girls.  Oh, and Mark Cuban was there.  Be sure to snag a free entrance pass from one of the shops in the Wynn Esplanade.
4	one of the new clubs in vegas which is nice. the wait took forever since we didnt get a table the night we went. paid the security just to pass the line and had to pay to get in. which sucked btw. the decor is so-so. pretty tight compared to the other club but the view of the waterfall is gorgeous. tables looked small but i cant write a whole review since we came here on one of our last night and we were really burnt from the non stop partying and gambling without rest. till next time!
5	This place is now one of my favorite clubs in Vegas! It is absolutely beautiful, and I love the fact that I didn't have to sit in a sauna all night - the outdoor patio section is awesome.
5	Fun fun fun! I have had so much fun everytime I've gone to Tryst. I've never had to wait to get in and this past time we got in for free, thanks to our fast talking friend.  :-) I honestly don't remember the music but I do remember dancing my booty off with friends and strangers. The layout and decor of Tryst is definitely different from others in Vegas and truly an interesting experience.
5	Yep...loved it.  One of my favorite clubs along wiht Body English in vegas.  The whole layout of this place is well thought out.  The waterfall is HUGE to the entire experience.  Makes it so much more refreshing and enjoyable.  We got a table outside near the waterfall and really had a good time.  It gave us the chance to get away from the crowd and have quality time drinking with friends and when we wanted to dance we could go inside easily.  One other thing is the bottle service here is not like any other place we have seen.  They are extremely attentive and just go far and beyond what we would expect.  Definitely coming back.
4	Place is mad nice, but I thought it would be bigger with all the hype surrounding it. The waterfall is a refreshing sight and I wonder if anyone got so drunk that they jumped into the pool. Its also funny to see peole getting twerked against the glass wall that separates the isnide from the outside.
4	I went here on a Thursday night, and much to my surprise I had a lot of fun!  We got there after 11pm which was a big mistake because there was a huge line to get in.  By some grace of good luck, one of my friends had stayed at the Wynn earlier in the week and had a VIP card, which we decided to show to them and promptly were let in right away w/o having to wait in line!!  The vegas club scene is fun as hell, but also annoyingly frustrating at the same time.  Make sure to get there by 10pm and have a good ratio of girls to guys if you want to get in at a decent time!The inside of Tryst is very cool, with the dance floor in the center and a huge loungey area  surrounding it w/ music blaring throughout.  The entire place was packed, and they played hip hop and house the majority of the night, w/ some old school beats thrown in.  I liked the music a lot, but the DJ that night could have done a much better job mixing.  He'd play one song and change it 10 seconds later, so it was virtually impossible to keep a steady groove going! Perhaps the most unique thing about Tryst is the waterfall visible from the dancefloor.  It's quite a site and all lit up at night.  There's also an outdoor area to dance and lounge which is really best to enjoy during the summer season.  All in all this is a place everyone has to try, just get there super early and have some girls with you and you'll be guaranteed a good time.
4	Love the layout with the ample amount of seating (if you have a table), the lowered dance floor and the patio with the view of the huge waterfall! Classy crowd and the DJ mixed hip hop, classic rock and random 80s hits very well. He even played some songs we requested :) We rolled in at 11pm and didn't have to wait in line or pay cover because we were on the guestlist. And...it only took me two minutes to squeeze my way through the crowd and get my overpriced drink from the bar! As with every nightlife hotspot in Sin City: Get on the list, or go broke!
4	One of the best clubs in Vegas.  I had an incredible time there.   We got a table near the pool/waterfall outside.  It was so fun to dance near our table outside and then go dance inside as well.  The layout of the club is so unique.  I would definitely come back here again and recommend it to others.
4	My girlfriends and I went here on a Friday and Saturday night.  Friday was much better - Saturday was too packed (although not as bad as some other places) and the music wasn't as good.We weren't on the list on either night, but had no trouble getting in quickly, and with no cover.  On Friday, the hottie bouncer just gave us the passes, but on Saturday we had to sweet-talk for them.I really like the design of the club.  It feels open and airy, even when the big patio doors are closed.  It is pretty cool being on the middle of the floor, and looking up at the waterfall...just another Vegas night!
4	This place was absolutely PACKED even at 3AM. There really was not much space to sit or even dance but being able to see the waterfall and feel some of the water by the table we were sitting at was awesome.The waterfall is of course the main attraction and though the club is big there is not very much else to it that stands out physically. The crowd is your typical annoying Las Vegas scene - the ones who make "What happens in Vegas..." their mantra as go try to blend in with their Aldo shoes and their Express clothes.What really stands out though about this club is the music. They were able to mix House, Hip Hop, R&B, Rock and Country seemlessly. In fact, I still remember being angry that as we left The Nine Inch Nails' Closer was blaring.
5	Okay, so I have to say that no matter what anyone says about this place, I always have the best things to say because there is where I spent the first part of my bachelorette party.  I loved this club, the music, the people, the design of this club; everything was just awesome.  My cousin's put together this game that guys had to eat gummi life savers off my top, and let's just say, I had a very eager guy at Tryst!!  LOL, good times!!!!!
3	Went on Sat night, and had an okay time. I thought it would be better because of all the hype. The line is insane! Thank god one of my girls was working the bouncer to get us in without waiting. The crowd was okay and the water fall was beautiful! We end up leaving after a couple of hours.  As always in Vegas, make sure you have 3x more girls then guys in your group.
1	I had a pretty good time at this place soon after it opened.  The music was really good.Cut to a year later- I spent 6 months planning my sister's bachelorette party in Vegas.  We went all out.  I decided on Tryst for our last night in Vegas and called a month ahead to reserve a table.  The manager said "no problem" and took my name.  This was the first time I reserved a table at a bar and didn't have to put down a credit card- weird.  Well, I found out why we didn't need a credit card, when 8 of us arrived we passed up the line and were told at the door that they didn't have our reservation.  I called the idiot I booked with and he finally returned my call an hour later mumbling about being sorry.  No "sorry" would ever make up for that, I had 8 girls wondering what the hell was going on, plus the night was ruined for my sister- which I can't stand to think about.  I can't redo a bachelorette partyThere are a lot of nightclubs to choose from in Vegas!  I trusted this place to take care of us, we got f**ked. Now I am planning my cousins big birthday weekend.  Do you think I will suggest Tryst?
4	Visually, this place is stunning.  Walking through those main doors and down that ramp onto an open dance floor with a waterfall in the background.  Not your typical club scene.  But this is Vegas.Tryst has great music and a fun vibe.   Kind of tacky thing would be that the club's 'stage dancers' were dancing on top of the giant speakers.  They had to climb up and down when switching off to the next dancer.  Give them a step ladder or something, geez.My husband and I were lucky enough to get a VIP pass, so we were able to bypass the line.  Unfortunately, the geniuses who manage the line outside the club, wouldn't just let us through on the side near the front.  And they wouldn't let us cut through on the side.  They made us go to the back of the 2 hour plus long line of people and cut our way through to the front that way.  WHAT?!  Of course, after enduring all the rude comments, you end up back where they could have easily let you in from the side.  Total joke.  We were very full from dinner, so we ended up not drinking anything that night, but I can only imagine that they're probably overpriced.  The only places to sit are reserved for the people who purchase table service.  So, hope your shoes are comfortable.   And if you happen to be staying at the Wynn, and you have a room facing the strip, be warned that you will hear the base from the club all night until they close - even through closed windows.
3	Well the only time I went to Tryst was for halloween this past year, and all I have to say is..."OMG". The line was so long, it was as far as you can see..then looped around that round bar then back around.  We waited for probably a good hour before we were even close to the front, the girls that were wearing slutty clothes were getting in so easy and they were holding the line for groups of guys.  We knew that there would be no way to get in unless we "greased" the bouncer or we had some girls with us. A friend of a friend who was a concierge at Mandalay Bay actually showed up and got us all in for free, but if it wasn't for that it's almost impossible to get in if you don't have a girl to guy ratio of 2 to 1, or lots of money. Once we got inside, immediately you see a giant waterfall about 100 ft tall with lights all over it.  It was definitely one of the "sexiest" clubs I've been to, although not the biggest. The wait is worth it.
4	It's not like Tryst needs another review but here is my input anyways.The waterfall and pool kind of distinguish itself from other Vegas spots and yes, a lots eye candy for the guys.  Aside from that,  it's pretty much like your typical Vegas club, hot girls, expensive drinks, and major attitude from the promoters.  Thanks to my girl Ali, we were comp for the cover and escorted to the vip line right away so we didn't have to deal with the typical yet ridiculous long line.   Otherwise, prepare to deal with the long line and stupid attitude from the promoters.Within all being say, I still prefer Tryst over  Pure and Tao.By the way, don't even think about doing some skinny dipping in the pool.  This drunk couple jumped in the pool and they were immediately pulled out the water and yes, they were then not so nicely asked to leave.
5	I went here to celebrate my 21st birthday and it was sooo awesome!!!  I have a family-friend that actually works for the Wynn so we were all able to get in free of charge all VIP status =)...(but if it came down to it i don't think i would mind payin to get in b/c this club is soo nice!)The waterfall in the back of the club is amazing..soo pretty!!! I had a really good time here! The DJ was bumpin some good beats and it was definitely poppin'.  I guess the drinks are pretty expensive, but that's kind of expected..considering they have a signature cocktail "menage a tois" which is about $1000 i think...cuz it has gold leaf and like 100 year old dom perignon and some other crazy liquor in it...but i haven't tried that drink yet...maybe if i hit the jackpot i'll give it a try. =P
1	Came here for my best friends bachelorette. expensive cover (20 bucks) AMF's are 19 dollars and patron shots are 15 i believe. And lots of seedy nasty guys. One dude actually tried to steal a 5 dollar bill right out of my shirt (it was tucked in the side of my bra) Had to slap his hand and tell him to eff himself. Then he called me a bitch. Good night! If youre going there to get wasted and dance, itll set you back about 300.
5	I wanted to try this place out after reading about it on Yelp, so now I'm posting my own experience.So I was just there on Friday night (2/15/08) and I have to say that I had a BLAST. I had a much better time at Tryst than I did at Pure on Saturday.I called in ahead of time for the guest list. They asked over the phone if I had a group of girls. No, 2 guys and 2 girls (unfortunately). So they said they'd add my party to the guest list, but we'd have to pay cover ($20 girls, $30 guys). Also, get there before 11.We walked in at about 10:30, and there was a line outside. I spoke to one of the staff members, who directed me to the guy holding the clipboard. He confirmed that we were on the guest list, so my party got to cut to the front and walk right in, to the jealous looks of other people in line. (PS. The security people were all tall, hot guys, and in my experience, were very nice and professional.)Of course, we weren't lucky enough to get away with no cover, but that wasn't really a big deal.  Pros:1) It's absolutely gorgeous! I enjoyed the decor, and the waterfall looked really cool. The club was smaller than I imagined it would be, but it was intimate.2) Clean bathroom, as people have pointed out.3) The music was pretty much perfect. The mix was mostly hip-hop/Top 40 with some other well-known songs from other decades/genres tossed in. It get me dancing for 3+ hours.Cons:1) Drinks run in the neighborhood of $15 a pop. 2) I definitely felt that it was an 'older' crowd and not as A-list as I imagined it would be.3) Some of the men were kind of sleazy - but that's expected.The dance floor was really packed, although there were just strings of guys standing around not doing anything at all.One VIP table directly on the dance floor had a number of good-looking men, but they didn't seem too happy to be there. However, another group of guys were celebrating a birthday, and after they "made it rain" (they threw dollar bills in the air; I banked $15) I had a great dance with the birthday boy. This is the kind silly thing you go to clubs for!My female friend and I checked out the stripper pole but no one was trying it out so we thought we'd head back later. We never did go use it; maybe next time.We left past 2 a.m. It was definitely a little early to leave because things were still going strong but we had been dancing over 3 hours non-stop. There was still a line outside waiting to get in when we left.I would definitely recommend Tryst - seriously, it was a great place to spend a few hours to let loose and have fun - and I'm sure I'll be back again!
4	If you're with a bunch of girls. no prob...they'll pull u outta line and bring you to the front. if you're with a buncha dudes, get table service.... try to come early cause this place gets crowwwwwded. the scene is more of  an older crowd...30+
5	Being a gay guy in las vegas, I for some reason love straight clubs. This place is insane!!!! Very High End, I love the waterfall, the huge space, I had a great time celebrating a friends birthday.
4	Tryst is beautiful - tons of different areas, a huge dance floor, a wonderful waterfall in the background, plenty of outdoor tables, a large and aesthetically pleasing mirror-filled bathroom, and a great color scheme and lighting decor.  Our table service was amazing - best service I've ever experienced.  We had a server assigned specifically to us and she poured almost all of the drinks we ordered.  The bar back, who was super hot as well, kept our ice filled and even brought free shots over.The music was pretty good - not the best because it lacked invention and wasn't clubby enough for me - but it was pop/techno hits that everyone liked to groove too.  The dance floor was always packed.Best club I've been to in Vegas so far.  Keep it up guys!
5	This is my favorite club in Vegas. Tryst and PURE flip flop for #1 and #2. The line is long and can take 45 mins to get in. But don't worry, the rest of your night will more than make up for the wait. This place is gorgeous - you step outside onto the patio and see this amazing multi-story tall waterfall and pool. People love to take pictures with the waterfall in the background, so push your way to the glass railing. Everybody's there to party, dance, and have a good time. Everybody's in vacation mode, so the alcohol just flows as random people buy rounds of drinks. The dance floor is crowded and does get a little hot, so just take a break and hit the bar. Before you know it, you'll be dancing on the speakers!
5	Probably my favorite club in Vegas.... and probably anywhere else in the continental US of A.Definately an upscale place of pretty people and the well-connected. Don't even bother trying to get in without a hook-up if you're not one of the pretty plastic people variety (hey, I never said the place was fair).The first time I went I was with a group of 4 strippers and 2 doctors that looked like cast members from Nip Tuck, and with a table right by the dance floor, I don't think I could have had a better experience. Other times I went I didn't have a dancefloor table, but the place definately cooks.The view was great both inside and out (and I'm talking people as well as the waterfall). I haven't seen better table-service waitresses anywhere else. They actually looked hotter than most of the girls in the club.
5	Great club. The waterfall offers something novel and refreshing since the clubs in Vegas can get pretty crowded and stuffy.  Young, hip crowd. Lots of dance space. Convenient drink service.
5	I love this club. Good looking peeps, great ambiance, love the waterfall, and the bottle service was great too! I guess, it helps when you got the hook up! But, compared to Pure, the crowd seemed younger and less raunchy, and you gotta love all the products they offer in the bathroom, which I NEVER use, but just like the fact that they offer them....Ha!
5	Always goodtimes at Tryst., One of my favorite clubs in Vegas! Great crowd, vibe, and its gorgeous! Yess the waterfall view is awesome...if you can make out that way before it gets to crowded. It does get packed like sardines in there, but what do you expect for a poppin' club!If ya can get a hook up for a table...just do it! It beats struggling to find a spot to chill and throwing some bows to get a drink at the bar. The club plays great music if you like the hip/hop, r&b, & some throwbacks to get ya bumpin' and grindin'. 5 stars for Tryst...i'll try the stripper pole next time =P
4	Wow, the Waterfall is beautiful!This place is a bit crowded, but why wouldn't it be with the spectacular view of a waterfall. Then again, I was too drunk to see the rest of the place. So not sure if there was more to the place or not. Only bad part of this place is the bathroom attendants. I was super drunk and couldn't get out of the bathroom without my friends carrying me out. When they came to get me, the attendants would not let them in the restroom to get me. Then again, they wanted me to get out. So they were arguing for quite a while until they allowed them to take me out. Rude! If you plan on getting wasted and need to visit the porcelain king, Body English is a better place to go since their bathroom attendant was so NICE!!!
4	This club is off the hook!!! The Crowd, the Drinks, the Atmosphere, the Decor, it was awesome. We got in right away and on top of that got VIP service. I totally recommend this club when you go to Vegas...Kanye West wasn't lying about the "Good Life"!
4	Beautiful club, not so beautiful people. Great service - we bypassed the line and were let through immediately. The waterfall is massive and gorgeous. The music isn't that great. Drinks are pricey, but that's just Vegas. Minus one because the gogo dancers were sloppy. I would say 75% men, 25% women.
5	Love this club!Great decor, friendly staff, thanks Joe for escording us around:)Nice people, always possible to get fresh air on the outdoor little patio by the water, which is super cool.Dancing is possible on the main floor or by the VIP tables without annoying bouncers pushing one around.I highly recommend this club and try to start your night at Blush beforehand, also at the Wynn.
2	the waterfall reminded me of splash mountain at disneyland. me and some friend decided to do bottle service so that we would have a place to sit. $1600 for two bottles?!!! wtf. i didn't want to be the party pooper and say no. whatever $30,000 millionaires. the music was typical of any large club. hip hop, eighties, and the ocassional def leopard or journey thrown song in. and it was SO CROWDED!
5	I went here with all my coworkers during our company offsite to Vegas. We all had soooooo much fun!!I was amazed that there is a waterfall!! Only in Vegas!
5	I was there this past Saturday night, and due to a connection, all 21 of my friends and I were whisked in sans cover or waiting in line.. oh yeah, we were 21 hot girls (that helps ;))The music was great, the amazing thing was that half the dance floor is outside with this gorgeous fountain..a super plus so you don't get as hot while dancing to the fabulous music...Drinks are PRICEY and the place gets super packed after 1am, and people will be stomping on your feet..We left and headed for Blush..to relax..
3	We were on guest list.Still waited in like at 9:15 pm for the club to open at 10pm.Didn't get in til 11pm.Still had to pay cover.It was my first time here, I've tried 3 other times alll very unsuccessful.  And I found out why!!!!  YOu have to pretty much KNOW some one or get a VIP table to ensure that you get in.  80% of this club is tables.  There is a small dance floor and everything else is table service.  It's a pretty sweet layout but it's just not really made for too much dancing...clubbing.I got to hand it to them however, as soon as I walked in... my first words were truly... "FUCK...." it was really nice.  Right smack in front of you in the back is a beautifully lit man-made water fall (very similar to the one that you can see off in the main casino).... But as I left...  I also silently said..... "FUCK..... never again...I'm going to TAO next time."Cool to check out ... but there's better..... I might go back if it's a HUGE party of a friends... but just to chill... NO!
5	my two friends and i came here this past thursday.  we got in really quick and free of charge (call ahead and get on the vip list. free for ladies before 11).  the decor is LV chic (red lighting and chandeliers), and the outdoor area is a great place to cool down (in the early spring). this place also sports a huge waterfall that'll act as a great backdrop for your fabulous facebook pics. the bathroom service is well organized, and the dj rocked the house with a perfect blend of get-dancin' music. as for drinks, go seek out chelsea and ask for her specials. they're pink. they're delicious. they'll get you drunk.
5	What a wonderful club!  It's located inside of the beautiful Wynn.  When you first walk down, you walk into the "Red Light Special" room.  Hey now.  It serves as the club's lounge.  You can hang out there if you want to just chill and relax.  Descend down another flight of stairs and you have entered the main dance floor.  And a HUGE dance floor at that.  But what catches your eye is the beautiful outside waterfall towards the back of the room.  They play great music but the place is so crowded that you are entirely soaked by the time that you leave.  I went late July last year, so yeah, it was HOT!  We went outside by the waterfall to cool off and the temp. was the same out there as it was inside!  Unlike Tao, there was enough room to dance and I had an absolute blast!  I'm so gonna go back there...
3	The club itself is amaaazing - if you can get inside, that is. Anytime I've been with a group of girls, it's been super easy to just breeze in. But if you're with a guy - forget it.The dance floor is super air-conditioned...something that no other club in Vegas has caught on to, it seems. The outdoor area by the pool is really pretty and also great for cooling off (or hiding from freaks on the dance floor).The only reason I gave 3 stars instead of 5 is b/c of the door guys. They're total douchebags and assholes. Worse than any of the other nightclubs in Vegas. Thank God I've never been on the receiving end of their bullshit "discretion" but I've seen them throw guys out of the line simply b/c they complained amongst themselves about how they've been waiting for 3 hours and its their birthday, and have seen countless people go inside before them b/c they tipped the door guys. I mean, ultimately you should just follow their example and tip them too if you really want to get in that bad but its unnecessary to throw people out just for speaking the truth out loud. Come on...that seems a little Commie-like, no?Anyway, despite the guido security (all-white suits + really really orange skin + top 3 buttons undone + chest hair poking out + gold chains....UGH), I really like Tryst and try to come back every time I'm in Sin City.
5	I had a GREAT time here.  No line if you can work the door, lots of bachelor parties to mooch off of, fun music, and a huge dance floor.  What else can you ask for in a pretentious LV club?
5	New favorite of all time.  I'm with Deborah on this one. Good times!
4	I was at Tryst this past Saturday celebrating a birthday of a friend. We had a limo drop us off at the Wynn and we were escorted in.  My friend reserved a table with bottle service so we were able to breeze right past the line and were led to our table which was near the waterfall. The music was bomb- I liked every song and was dancing all night. It got really packed pretty fast. I could barely make it through the crowd. The club is absolutely gorgeous, my mouth dropped when we walked in. Very classy, no pervy sugar daddy type guys. Eddie Murphy was there that night, so was Matthew Perry and two women from The Real Housewive of Orange County. I had a great time - defintely want to come back. I went to like a dozen clubs over the weekend, and it was by far the best one - hands down.
4	Tryst was my favorite place while in Vegas for my last visit. Beautiful decor, beautiful people. Even the bathroom is nice. Even though it is a boutique lounge there was ample room to dance. Door men where polite, bartenders were cool but inconsistent. I am glad I got in for free, but if you can't the cover is $30.00 which is pretty good compared to other places that charge $40.00 and have rude staff.
5	Tryst just never gets old.  I love the ambiance, music, people, and have never had anything short of a great time.  The first time I went there with a group, my husband got WASTED. At 3:00am, he stumbled out of the bathroom and walked straight into the bouncer.  Needless to say, he was escorted out, but even then they were VERY professional and never rude.  We all totally understood and left laughing.  We've been back to Tryst every time we visited Vegas since then.  Great place that lets you have fun without being a-holes after you've drank too much - hey, Vegas isn't the same when you're sober!
4	I always have a good time at Tryst and consider it a Vegas staple although a table is necessary real estate given the crowd.  Our service was a touch lacking vs NYC standards which is why I am giving 4 stars.  I do not expect to wait for another bottle...Beautifully done place though and always great music.  I would disagree with other yelpers in saying it has beautiful people --- it has Vegas looking people -- so if you are in to tans and plastic surgery, you will be in heaven!!
4	Tryst is a nice nightclub.  Not huge like Tao, or small like Jet.  It's like Body English size.  The atmosphere is high class, considering it's the Wynn.  The dance floor is in the middle of the room with the tables surrounding the floor.  One side of the floor leads out to the deck where you can cool off next to the waterfall.I've always found the tables on the deck to be a lot better than inside.  It gets pretty hot and crowded inside.  Tryst gets a lot of high rollers.  With the dance floor so small and compact, and surrounded by the VIP tables this leads to interesting situations where the high roller feels the need to spray the crowd with champagne.  It's funny the first time.... not the 10th when everyone is covered in champagne.The biggest problem with Tryst is the door.  Part of it is that it's Vegas and everyone wants to get in, and part of it is that occasionally you get a host that's really obnoxious.  But I guess that's part of the fun of Vegas.  Four stars b/c sometimes Tryst isn't worth what you have to put up with to get in.
4	OMG, SMF.  So. Much. Fun.But perhaps I'm biased?  My party of 6 ladies arrived late on a Friday night and were immediately whisked away to the front of the line without having to pay a cover (thank you, Megan G!).  Standing in line, was Frenchie, my adorable Parisian-lovah.  It was love at first sight.  I had to be reunited with him.  I was on a mission.Once we descended the myriad of steps into the actual club, my girlfriends and I stumbled upon many a'tables with new "friends" who wanted so desperately to hang with us and help them finish off their plethora of bottles.  I can do that.Fast forward a few moments later, and you'll find us on the dance floor.  My dance partner?  Yeah, I forget his name.  But what's that out of the corner of my tiny eye?  Frenchie?  Parisian-lovah?  At long last, we've been reunited!  Come back to my new "friend's" table and enjoy some drinks with us!!  Talk to me all about your life's ambitions and inner-most desires!  I need to know these things!  What makes you tick?  What do you dream of accomplishing in your lifetime?Conclusion?  Basically, Tryst is awesome.  A great venue, amazing music, an international presence (Hi Frenchie!) and lots of uberly-inebriated folks who are oh-so-willing to share their table service with you.  So long as you're a party of 6 ladies.  ;-)
4	If I recall correctly the night I went...I think it was when this club first opened a while back. I hear it's crackin' now though. So my group of misfits head over there initially to go to Bete (is that even still there?) but since we had to wait for someone to show up we didn't make the cut for something or another. We were about to pay whatever it was to get in (was already pretty much gone at that point but quickly sobering up) but a cheap bastard in the group (I didn't invite him) convinces the others to go to Tryst. Whatever....Turns out it wasn't that bad despite him. But I figure since he's a cheap bastard (in vegas of all places) he's got other problems. I loved the chic decor. It was different but went with the Wynn style I guess. The guests were sexy....a tad older than my group but hey "when in rome..." Tryst was not overly full that Saturday night.....not quite empty so it was alright...not the vibe I was looking for but it would do. There wasn't really anyone dancing...most people just lounging actually. Turns out that some of them worked with the ex...go figure. They had asked me where she was and I told them that she was back in the suite at the Venetian recovering from her cold or something before flying to the PI. Long story short....drinks, shots, bottles later.....my friends were passed out or passing out and the ladies were well.....all ok? WTF?I look over and I see jeff running into columns, hieu bent over with his head between his knees, rhad.....where the F' was rhad......and vu was still at the bar. Eventually we were thrown out and helped hieu to the bathroom so he could sober up......and judging from the pictures my sister had to use a urinal.....can't pick family. You would think it ends there...but no.....no nononononoo, you are sadly mistaken. To top it all off..as we left the fabulous Wynn...we were greeted at the lobby with the sight of a passed out drunk on the red carpet. My sister took it upon herself to see whether he was ok and came back with a detailed description of the poor guy wetting himself......buhhahahahahahahhahahahaahha good times
4	Good club, great music, long lines, a friend hooked it up so we didn't have to wait.  Ladies, if you don't have a table ,wear comfortable shoes, men get the table so your ladies can sit.  I swear I think my feet would have been more blistered and bloody if I couldn't sit.
4	First, don't bother with the guest list it doesn't mean anything. The club is still *selective* on who they let bypass the long lines.  Luckily for my boyfriend and me, we teamed up with a bachelorette party and got in quickly.  In addition, I scored passes so we didn't have to pay the outrageous cover charges, which was a plus considering the average drink is $20.Overall, the club is gorgeous (hence the four stars) and has pretty good music although the dance floor is small and easily crowded...especially if you have a group of raunchy women lewdly dancing and making a spectacle of themselves.  They weren't there long; however, I do not know if it was because Management finally decided to escort them out for bad behavior (think "skinamax") or if they left stumbling drunk.
3	I thought Tryst was just alright. The dance floor was small and music was just ok...kinda old school for me....no Top 40s. Only good things are the following:1. Waterfall with a nice view2. Mixed crowd, fun people having a good time3. Relatively cleanGood club? Yea, I guess. Would I go back? No. I'd rather go back to Tao.
4	Tryst is still one of my favorite clubs in Vegas. I'll admit, my first visit 2 years ago was much better.  Not too crowded at all.  This last time, the place was overly crowded and the layout makes it really hard to get around.  If you're waiting at the bar near the middle and you're not right up in the front, you're pretty much in a walkway, getting pushed and shoved all over the place.  The main dance floor is pretty small but I like the area outside that has the waterfall and little set of t ables.  Be a little buzzed before you get here because you'll probably care a little less that it's so crowded.
1	When I first walked into Tryst and waited at what was likely an Elf's table for 45 minutes without any drinks, I started to seriously second guess my attractiveness. We were a group of 14 ladies 23-24 years old in Vegas for a Bachelorette party who had reserved bottle service this past Saturday. We all had on suggestive, expensive dresses and I am 100% sure all my friend's are highly attractive. At other clubs we had used this to our advantage by not waiting lines, demanding strangers buy us drinks, etc, so I was SHOCKED at the response we got from the staff at Tryst. They treated us like half of the girls were missing limbs and the rest were missing all their teeth and hair. I soberly waited 45 minutes to be led off into a wooded area where I was sure they were going to make us dig our own graves and then shoot us in the back and bury us-this is how deserted the area was. Although conveniently they placed us next to a dumpster so we could freely throw away any garbage that might have collected around us. I thought maybe they were going to offer us janitorial jobs or something for the evening. We waited about another 45 minutes to receive our mixers. I was simply bored out of my mind at this point, so I went to go meet some strangers. Luckily the guys we had met at the Palm's pool had reserved a table THAT DAY (we reserved our's over a month ago)...and they had their table in the main area, not in Switzerland where we were located. So I happily waltzed over with them and drank their alcohol. I also happily wore my four inch stiletto heels and jumped on your couches, I also freely poured cranberry juice on every surface available. I actually started to have some fun for the evening. I continued to destroy everything in my way that night, dropping bottles on the ground, dumping the ice buckets on the couches, so I think I got my $1800 worth. I also got this awesome bedazzled Tryst hat that if I openly wore in Seattle I hope someone would voluntarily shoot me and put me out of my misery. So thank you Tryst, for completely ruining my second night in Vegas!
4	le wow! the overall ambiance of this place is off the hook. the inside:there are several areas to dance and hang out; though the main dance floor is pretty tiny and small. there are two large glass doors on the main dance floor that open all the way up into the patio area. this is FAB-U-LOUS because dance floors always get crowded and waaaay too hot. the whole place is very dim lighting and the decor is awesome.the outside:LE WOW! this is the huge selling point for me on this club! there is a huge pond with a giant waterfall; all accompanied by trees and flowers. you really feel like you're on some tropical getaway. there are lots of tables and chairs outside, as well as large outdoor heaters. i loved that they played the music inside and outside, so you're not confined to being on the dance floor. the music was pretty good too. there was also quite a few people walking around making sure everyone was enjoying themselves. my only gripe with this place is the prices of drinks. my friend ordered a bud light, $10! whoa! that's a pretty rich bud light if you ask me. i would suggest, as with any club in vegas, doing what i like to call the "pre-fade". :D the ambiance alone is the reason this place is a must visit in my book for vegas clubs!
4	Tryst has to be one of my favorite club in Vegas. I enjoyed the open space and the bottle service was superb. And the most important of all beautiful clientele.
1	ok ... so we're in vegas for our friends wedding at the wynn ... the bride and groom wanted everyone (around 50 people) to hit tryst for some post ceremony fun. awesome! i love big nightclubs where you get to stand in line while a bunch of totally awesome doormen rocking shiny suits and ties* decide:  a)  if you look cool enough to get you past the ropes b) if the ho' on your arm looks hot enough to get you both past the ropes c) that you don't look cool enough ... but if you slip 'em a c-note your cool factor might magically go up enough to get you past the ropesd) that you don't look cool enough. period.  and there's no amount of money or hot looking ho's hanging on your arm that will get you past the ropesthen once you do get past the ropes (except for all you losers in group 'd') don't forget to pay the cover!sweet! we're in! time queue up at the bar w/ the other 894 people trying push their way to the front... look at the bright side ... now is the perfect time to peep out all the hot/good looking/cool people that surround you ...damn ... there sure are a hell of a lot of guys in their 40's and 50's here ... guess gold rolex's, shirts unbuttoned halfway down the chest, navy blue hickey freeman blazers, tassel loafers, pleated chinos, and faconnable cologne must get double points on the doormen's cool meter ... hmmm ... I could have sworn the dj already played kanye west's 'gold digger' when we first got here. ... speaking of gold diggers ... man ... there seems be a hell of a lot of really young girls here ... guess xxl breast implants, tanning bronzer, fake dior purses, super tight forever 21 dresses, britney spears curious perfume, and 5" steve madden pumps must be worth big points on the doorman's hot ho' meter ... hmmm ... isn't this "yeah!" by usher that the dj just dropped? i'm almost positive he already played this track ... seriously ... there sure are a hell of a lot of women here in their 40's and they all seem to be rolling 10 deep (would they be considered a 'pride'?)  ... guess that xl breast implants, really dark and really real tans, real fendi purses, just cavalli leopard print wrap dresses, gucci perfume and 5" jimmy choo pumps must score big points on the doormen's cougar meter. nice! the dj's throwing down some mash-ups ... mash-ups rule! ... but isn't this that 'gold digger/yeah!' white label?aight ... here's my real experience w/ tryst ... signed up online for the before 11pm guest list (as did most of the wedding party) ... queued up in line at 10:15 ... waited for 10 minutes to get the attention of a door host/doorman ... told him i was on the before 11pm list ... he said i wasn't on his list ... i pulled up the confirmation email on my phone and showed it to him ... he said again that i wasn't on his list ... had him look at the email confirmation again ... he said he'd 'try' to get us in as soon as he could ... he walks away and disappears ... we stand in line for another 15 minutes and watch the other host/doormen troll the line for:a) guests who were paying $300+/per person for bottle serviceb) ho's w/ knockoff designer pursesc) dudes who were desperate enough to pay a bribe to up their coolnesswe laughed, we bailed   *btw hosts/doormen ... tie knots as big as your fist were cool for like a minute back in '05
4	Went here for a bacheloretter party.  A friend pulled some strings, so it was awesome, and we didn't have to wait in line, nor did we have to pay a cover.  I did have a good time, however there were so many people in there, I didn't even notice any of the decor, except the waterfall.  In a hot, sweaty club, it was nice to dance next to the waterfall, so you can feel the coolness.  The party that I was with was fun, the people who we met were fun.  All in all, good times.  There was one guy who said I have an attractive nose.  Ummm.  Errright, thanks buddy.  I had no idea what to say, but "thanks."  That's a new one I haven't heard before. Of all the clubs I've been to, Tryst has to be one of the best, so far.  I do have to knock 'em down 1 star because hello, their drinks were like $15 each!  Insanity, I tell ya.
5	Oh HELL YES.Friday night.  Bachelorette party.  13 ladies.  Inappropriate attire.  Tequila shots. Raspberry kamikazes.  Red Bull & Vodka.  Incriminating photos.  "Paparazzi" all over the bride-to-be in her veil.It is ON until the break of dawn.  I got us some VIP admission/no cover passes ahead of time from The Wynn concierge so we were able to bypass the line (well, we waited for a few minutes until security escorted us) and waltz straight into the club.  Nice.  My girls and I opted not to shell out $$$ for bottle service because we knew we'd be able to share with (i.e. "mooch off of") other guys and bachelor parties.  Check.  From the moment we stepped into the club until we stepped out into a stretch limo (I guess flirting with the bouncer paid off, shout out to "Jen" for workin' it haha) on our way to Drai's for afterhours, the night was absolute MADNESS.  That crazy, ridiculous, hysterical, hilarious, intoxicated, infamous kind of girls' night out madness that words won't do justice, can only be told with pictures, can't get any better and can't get any worse.  Tryst is PERFECT for bachelorette party shenanigans - plenty of bachelor parties and boys and girls who all want to shake it and take incriminating pictures with the bride-to-be.  Unfortunately, a guy who really, really should NOT have, insisted on giving the bride-to-be a shirtless lap dance.  (Umm,...you need to tuck that back IN, buddy.) Whatever.  The night still rocked.  The outdoor patio area and waterfall are absolutely gorgeous. Spectacular view.  Although Tryst is a pretty large club but, it's sectioned off into several smaller rooms so it doesn't have the feel of a cheesy "mega club" - it feels a lot more intimate.  Ultimately, Tryst gets two snaps, a twist and a kiss (and a booty shake) from my girls and me.  Forget the "mega clubs" like Tao, Pure or Rain.   Tryst is THE place to party in Vegas.  And I highly recommend it for bachelorette parties - pay a visit to the stripper pole and remember to bring your camera.
3	The scenery is awesome (waterfall, go-go dancers, pool, huge club).But the cover charge ($30) and the ghetto crowd kinda ruined the whole experience .. apart from the fact that it was OVERCROWDED.Sweaty, overcrowded and overpriced.You would expect something classy at the Whynn, but instead it was more like a club for everyone and anyone. It almost felt like they were just cramming in as many numbers as they could, not very good.The bathroom service was easily the best I've ever experienced though.
5	For many visiting Vegas, "music to my ears" is the sound of slot machines going nuts paying them out.  For me, it's the sound of someone saying "i'll walk you girls in". Translation:walk you in - gather up your girls, see that line? no, you don't have to wait in it, follow me as we walk past it, past the cashier, into the club. Don't mind the people making snide remarks, they suck.Awesome place with cool service, great view of waterfall, big club, good music.BONUS: you know it's going to be a good night when walking past the line, someone yells out at you guys, "there goes the hoe train!!"
5	One of the best nightclubs in Vegas (next to Foundation Room & Tao).  Amazing ambiance, with different dancing areas, including outdoors by the waterfall - great for those hot Vegas nights.  Great music selection, DJ, and crowd!
4	i take away one star just becuz its sooooo hard to get into this freakn club! it doesnt matter if you're in the front of the line or not, the only way you're gonna get in is 1) table 2) you know the host 3) you're with a group of JUST girls.unfortunately, we had guys in our group so we knew getting in would be a major task. but luckily our local friend knows the host so they pulled us out of line and got us in. the place is absolutely gorgeous! i would say its one of the best clubs in vegas (right now). i love the outdoor area especially when it gets sooo freakin hot in there. the waterfall....gorgeous.....just simply gorgeous. expect to be on you feet most of the time becuz theres no seating unless you have a table. bartenders definitely know their drinks, and who cares if it's pricey. youre at a club in vegas, expect to shell out at least $12 for a drink or a shot. if you cant afford it, drink before you go out, or order a few drinks from the casino servers . good music, good crowd, good-looking bartenders, great time!!!
5	When I started Yelping a few months ago - I never would have thought I would be writing a 5 star review of a nightclub in Vegas I swear to you this was the best nightclub I have ever been to. And I have had my share of Paris Hilton nightclub adventures....Okay - it did help that I was with some smooth talkers who got our smaller  table upgraded to a huge ass couch for the 20 of us.  With that said, the staff was more than friendly and classy. Props to our fabulous waitress - not only beautiful but very nice - did I mention beautiful - seriously. Anyhow, the club has a great layout and vibe. The DJ was also superb. He started out with hip hop/Top 40 and eventually eased into kick ass house beats. By then it was about 2:30 am and I was hitting a wall. I left the gang and they stayed till 4 am........Oh, and why am I so in love with this place? Because unlike the asschunks at Pure - they trust you enough to pour your own drinks and not go drink nazi on your ass threatening to take your already overpriced $450 bottle of Grey Goose away because your broke ass ho waitress cant seem to handle taking care of a whopping two tables.....can you guess where I go no more? Oh, one last point - when you get bottle service I have found that the mixers are so -so. Ok maybe I was drunky time but the pineapple and Oj were so damn good a fresh......Im sure Steve Wynn saw to that detail himself as well!
4	I had heard so many great things about Tryst so I was so excited when I got to go. The club itself is beautiful. I love how its half inside and half outside. The giant waterfall is amazing! It's a pretty big area I guess but it was still sooooooooooooo crowded. You couldn't really so much dance...just try to dodge drunk people on the dance floor. The drinks were really good though...even though it was so packed in the bar area. Eventually we gave up on the dance floor and found an area near a wall to dance around. The crowd was okay...there were a lot of sleazy guys though -_- blah. The only bad thing I would have to say is I  hate how they let sooo many people in. It was wayyy over capacity but people still kept coming in. I would have stayed longer if it wasn't so crowded. The over crowdedness really took away from the club.  Overall it was a very beautiful club but I just wish it wasn't so packed.
5	Don't hate on me because i didn't have to wait in line.It's not my fault my ass looks slammin in my little purple minidressVegas is where the saying, "It's not what you know, but who you know" originated.I love Vegas...I love beautiful people...I love knowing that when I wear a dress will undoubtedly flash my assets at least once in the evening that no one will judge me for it.  In fact, if they were fake, people would probably ask me where i got them done.  I love dancing on the pole... I love watching other girls who can't dance make fools of themselves on the pole even more, thoughI love having cute English boys buy me drinksI love having beautiful men beckon to me like i was their love slaveI just wish they were open past 4am though..
1	This club is awful. Shitty shitty layout. Only 2 bars? And one of them is by the entrance? The bartenders suck here (they suck everywhere in Vegas, but especially here). Don't bother with this place
5	"Can I walk you ladies to the front of the line and show you to your booth"Ahhh yes Andee V. couldn't have said this any better....."Music to my ears"My exact thoughts as we skipped the mile long line and went inside.  I love Tryst out of all the clubs I have been to in Vegas Tryst is definitely my favorite.  It is sooooo nice!  The pictures don't even do it justice.  The whole back of the club opens up to the outdoor water falls.  At night time it is all lit up and it looks so pretty the water and all the booths around it.  Its really neat.  Its also a really cool feeling because you dont feel claustrophobic feeling you normally have at a club this packed.Its just a really classy fun place with  good looking people. good music, and lots of room to dance.The only bad thing I have to say about this club is the wait for the girls bathroom by 12am was crazy.  I dreaded going to the bathroom because it was a good 30 minute wait.  And drinks are expensive so find guys that you can hill at their booth with and drink their drinks, just a tip.
5	So I see a lot of complaints about the bar situation here.... I can't really comment as we had a table with bottle service and a pretty large group. But what I can say is this is really how Vegas should be done!! I'm not really much of a clubby type girl, but when in Rome, ya know? Tryst is gorgeous... half inside, decorated to the nines with gorgeous red crocodile banquettes and half outside with sprawling walkways, luscious greenery and cascading waterfalls. There are tables everywhere - along the dance floor, next to the water-works, in cabana-esque hideouts... You'll really feel underprivileged if you're not doing it up bottle service style here, plus the extra money spent means you are treated like a celebrity. Everyone dotes on you making sure you and your guests are comfortable and taken care of... no hanging over the bar waving your money around trying to get a $12 rocks glass of vodka. The music was great, the Grey Goose flowed like the waterfall I was seated beside and I danced myself into a tizzy into the wee wee wee hours of the morning.  This is the life. The Vegas life!!
4	The first time I went, it was just me and two gals....and no, they weren't my mother and aunt.  The line was long....we waited in line for about 25 minutes....we just kept pushing to the front....stayed on the right hand side.  If you want to ride the rail and pled/beg, go ahead.  But I just tried to get to the front.The girls dressed to kill all got in quickly....ladies, if there are a bunch of you, you'll get in easily.....no worries.  Just be sure to smile and make eye contact....if you start swearing, begging, bitching, etc....then you'll have to wait.  Remember, there are gorgeous girls in there already.....Tryst isn't hurting.  And the "bouncers" have the power...accept it.Guys, if there are 2-4-6-10 of you, then you'll have to wait.  You can obviously throw around the money, but be sure to ask them what it will take to get in ("I have 6 of my buddies here, what will it take for us to get in")....if you start with the dollar figure ("hey, we'll pay you $50, $100, etc each to get in"), then it becomes a joke to these security guys, and they'll push it however much they want.  Look, if you wait in line long enough, you'll get in....it's up to you how soon you want to get in.  And the whole concierge beforehand to get on the guest list?  Um, forget it...you'll still have to wait.So back to Tryst.  Once we got in, it was wild.  The crowd is a bit older (plenty of old sleazy guys and definitely a bunch of cougars), but overall, the crowd is just fine.  You're not going to walk into some half-empty club.  The two bars are absolutely packed, but I didn't mind waiting...the bartenders are all perfect-10-type looking ladies, and I could stare at them all day.  Even when it's 110 degrees outside, the dance floor is well ventilated...they keep the area open, and the waterfall outside helps.  However, the dance floor is small, so you'll be packed tightly.  The other areas (right and left of the dancefloor) are all bottle-service tables.  And then outside, bordering the "lake"/waterfall, there are more bottle-service tables.  My small group danced for awhile, got a few drinks, and then ventured outside.  Trust me, there's no place to stand inside.....people are constantly moving....it's packed and uncomfortable, so I definitely recommend heading outside.  There's more room near the tables outside, so you can always veg-out there.  After a few hours, we decided to leave.  Good times!The 2nd time around, a group of us (all guys) decided on the bottle/table service route.  Got there at 10:45, met up with our Tryst Host, and then we got escorted inside right away.  This might sound really, really LAME, but it actually felt good walking right by everyone in line.  Ok, fine, I'm shallow like that.Tipped the host, and then we were led to our table by the runner.  We got a table outside, bordering the "lake".  Met our server....wow, what a stunner.  Looked at other servers...yes, they're all gorgeous.  Looked around...good area, good views, very chill.  It was very hot that night, but the weather was perfect because of the waterfall.  I liked the table outside, because it's more of a laid-back, chill environment (still plenty of traffic).  There are also plenty of tables inside....you can't really go wrong with any of the tables there....there's more traffic and action inside (and definitely more action for the tables right next to the dance floor...that's why they're in big demand and command an extra wad of $), but all the tables serve one purpose....it's definitely great to have a "home base".  We could stay at the table, hang out, party with other tables, and offer drinks to passer-byers (and yes, if you offer, they will take).  Think about it this way...most clubs in Vegas simply do not offer places to sit down.  Most girls wear heels they normally don't wear.  Feet get tired, they need a place to sit.....nice gentlemen offers a place to sit plus a free drink.....how can they refuse?  And then if you wanted to, you could venture around, head to the dance floor, look for the stripper pole, etc.  Really, the best of both worlds.  Is it worth it?  I think so.  You can either spend $30 on cover, $15-$20 per drink, wait in line forever, and run the risk of screwing your night up.  Or you can spend $200-$250 each, get in right away, have a table, have a server, have plenty of drinks...and have plenty of company.If you had to wait a long time in line, if you couldn't find a place to move your arms on the dance floor, if it took you 30 minutes just to take a pee, if the bar was a mess and the bartender didn't get you a drink, if the security guards were rude, etc, etc, etc...then Tryst deserves one star.  But remember, this is Vegas.  The bartenders are supposed to be hot, not highly skilled Tom-Cruise-Cocktails-The-Movie types.  The clubs are supposed to be packed and expensive.  There's supposed to be long line.  There are plenty of assholes and snobby people!
4	Tryst is awesome. It's amazing what they did with this place. Half outdoors and half indoors with a HUGE waterfall and trees all around. This is a Vegas night club at it's best. There were tables everywhere and the atmosphere was totally chic. Our table was right next to the water and so we never got too hot. It kept us cool and offered a nice backdrop to all the photos we took that night! Surprisingly, we didn't stay as long as we expected. I guess we must be getting old cuz we left at 1:30am! We even had to give away our Grey Goose! Whaaaaattt. Who does that? But the one lesson learned after 2 nights of clubbing in Vegas is....if you ain't got a table, then don't even bother. It's way more cost efficient for each person and not to mention more convenient. You get to sit when you want and relax those tired feet of yours from dancing!
4	i really liked this place.   at most clubs in vegas the dance floor is tiny or non existent, but here it was a really good size and spilled outside next to a beautiful waterfall.  There seemed to be a lot of good looking people and all in all it was good, i think drinks are pricey but i didn't pay for mine so can't tell ya.
5	In my opinion Tryst is the most upscale and fabulous club in all of Vegas.    It's lux, rich and full of a higher end clientele than other clubs on the strip and is located in the posh Wynn.  Steve Wynn definitely knows how to make a great nightclub experience.  The outside facade, down the long mosaic tiled hallway does no justice to the beauty of this club.  Once you entered the club the first thing you notice is the gorgeous 3 story waterfall that sits in background of the dance floor.   The waterfall empties out into a blue lagoon surrounded by VIP tables.  If your going to splurge for bottle service in Vegas this is the place to do it.  It's not cheap though, but if your cheap stay away from this club.  The cover charge is higher than average and so are the drinks.  But don't worry it is all worth it.  With the higher prices and the location of the club, comes an older clientele.  Definitely not the place to pick up lots of young coeds but maybe a cougar or 2 J/K.  The bars are easy to get to and are all located in the back of the club.  They are draped in lush velvet and red alligator and are backed with huge mirrors and crystal chandeliers.  The bartenders are beautiful and sweet (if you tip well).  The dance floor is small and the DJ plays some very old school music, but is still a great dancing environment.This is my favorite club in all of Las Vegas and if you have the money/time for only one club make sure it is Tryst.  I can't wait to go back.My experience with the group of sorority girls:  Easy to get to the front of the line, but still had to pay a reduced cover charge.  Tryst is the only place in Vegas we've ever had to pay cover, but it's still worth it.  Lots of well to do business men that would love some attention for a high price martini.  We got invited to the nicest VIP table on the strip, it was located at the very end of the half circle of tables.  It was a carved out grotto that included a couch and some very expensive champagne.  I really enjoyed this club with the girls, the men are a little less cheap and a lot more refined.My experience with my fiance:  If your a couple I would definitely recommend coming early before the club opens.  We arrived about 30 mins before opening and we were about center in the long line of people trying to get in.  The line is on the right side and is roped off, while the door men patrol on the left and pull people out of line.  Luckily, I noticed this and stood on the inside of my fiance and within 5 min they let us in.  (Girls we have all the power).  My fiance payed cover, I think $30 maybe, but I got in sans cover charge.  We walked down the stairs and entered an empty club ready to drink and dance the night away.  The club never got too crowed and it's easy to find and little corner to dance with each other and take a few romantic photos by the water.  I would recommend this club to all couples as long as you don't mind using your feminine assets to get your "foot" in the door.
3	we came with a large group of girls and still had a hard time trying to get in.. lucky our friend new one of the promoters but we still had to pay a small price.. the place was really crowded on a thursday night.. it really sucks if you dont have a table.. the whole night people were bumping into you left and right.. the vip section is really nice with tables next to the water.. its also half outdoors with a big waterfall view section.. too much trance music..  oh yeah the bathroom inside was really nice also...
4	While checking into the hotel at 1am, countless young hotties in their Vegas-best (read: slutfits) flock by us on their Thursday night migration pattern to Tryst. I suppose it's Vegas' little way of saying, "Welcome back, Steve. We've missed you." Anyhow this solves the question of where we're going tonight. Hmm but how's a group of guys gonna get into this popular Vegas night spot? *trumpets blare* Mr. Nice Bouncer to the rescue! He kindly informs us that since we're staying here we can just get a LINE PASS from the casino host. I certainly will!Pass in hand, we skip over a long line of guys, couples, and... well, how do I put it... "fat" chicks? and I really do feel sorry for them for still being in line at 2AM for about the next eight seconds before we fork over our $30 each and get into the club. WOW. We're instantly greeted by a gorgeous 4-tier waterfall backdropping a huge dance floor and the place is packed! Drinks aren't cheap but they pour em strong. My friend and I order a couple of our favorite drinks - Corona with a shot of Patron poured in the top. The bartender pours 1.5 shots worth in each bottle and charges us $22 per drink. Ouch. Okay at least it was a solid pour. Fast-forward a bit and we're wasted on the patio in front of the waterfall. A gorgeous waitress shows up with a magical basket of chilled Patron shots. This is great because it's crowded as shit and the bar's really far away. My friend figures, "well if we don't need to go all the way to the bar to get a drink, maybe I don't need to go all the way to the bathroom to pee!" He then proceeds to unload onto the glass barrier that keeps the drunkards out of the waterfall pool. Ohhhhhh boy. I try my best to obscure this clandestine operation by placing myself in between him and the rest of the crowd and slowly undulating awkwardly to the beat. Lucky him, it actually works and he doesn't get caught. Lucky everyone, his pee ends up being more of that super-wasted-so-it's-pretty-much-all-water pees, rather than that homeless-tranny-hooker-in-the-san-francisco-tenderloin-peeing-in-a-stairwell pee, so it's not a huge smelly deal, and none of the revelers are any the wiser.
4	It's like "they" say, it's all in who you know. Well, I knew someone. After bypassing at least 150+ people waiting in line, we waltzed through the red velvet-like walled hallway and were greeted by a gorgeous view of a waterfall.  The club itself is in the shape of a horseshoe, with a couple of bars on either side surrounding the pool and waterfall.  There are plenty of comfy couches for table service which I'd imagine would be the way to go in here if you were with a group. And don't forget to check out the stripper pole on the right of the club.
5	I heart Tryst!My girlfriends and I decided to check out Tryst after LAX on Friday at around 2 am on Friday. Nope, we weren't on the guest list, we just tried to get in. Luckily one of my girls Jenny was in the house, and she hooked it up! Hey girl! Thanks a bunch!Tryst is clean and classy and it has a refreshing view of a waterfall that also helps circulate the air in the club. Totally cool!A cocktail waitress (Teresa) popped by to ask if we wanted drinks and I guess she also moonlights as a promoter. She took our names down and put us on the list for the next night. On Saturday she texts Grace and it says we are confirmed for Saturday night.  We came back again on Saturday after Prive at around 2 am. (Beware the guest list closes at 11pm). So if you are on the guest list get there early! Since we got there after the list was closed the bouncer said we had to pay cover $20. We gave him puppy dog eyes and said we didn't want to pay so he comped us... Please only resort to this if you are with girls.I heart Tryst!
3	I'm not really a club kind of guy. I went here with some colleagues from work, they got us a booth with bottle service. The seating was comfortable, but they get marked down for using plastic glasses and for not keeping the swarm of hookers away from us.
3	Tryst was okay...Our company flew us out to Vegas for our christmas party in 2006 where we stayed @ Wynn. The put us up here with bottle service however, compared to the treatment I had experienced with other Vegas clubs, Tryst seemed to lack. Slow on our mixer refills and easy public access led to more than a few schmoozers making away with free cocktails all night. Haven't been as a regular guest, perhaps much better.
5	Pardon my inappropriate language, but TRYST (pronounced TRICED) IS THE MOTHERFUCKING SHIT!!!!!!!!  As my dear friend Kate said, "Where is Steve Wynn? I want to shake that man's hand!"The club is in front of a gorgeous, elaborate waterfall.  You can stand on the balcony section near it or venture into the dance floor, which is a great size.  There are also decadent  leather couches, silver pails overflowing with liquor for those in VIP service (I wanted to take one as a souvenir but it was twice the size of my head), several bars, and marble-clad bathrooms!  There were three of us there and we didn't end up paying for a thing--except of course, I tipped the woman in the bathroom $6 or more...In retrospect, maybe that wasn't the best decision!  We ended up getting grabbed to go into VIP tables and had everything paid for...even the overpriced $10 Evian waters (10 Dollars for a water? Only in Vegas, baby!)  We met some awesome people from all over, and ended up going to Drai's after to continue partying.TRYST is a must if you go to Vegas! And if you see Steve Wynn there, hook me up so I can personally thank him for the awesomeness that is that club.
5	Where it all began!Fun night, but way too crowded... but that was expected seeing how it was a Saturday night on a 3-day weekend.
4	Went to Tryst to celebrate the big 2-1 Like any other club, girls should have no problem getting in but if you're with guys and don't have a VIP table, good luck. Drinks were good but pricey($15 each) but hey, you're at the number one casino in Vegas so no need to get cheap now. (though you could go sit at the machines beforehand and get some free drinks which will save you a good amount of money)The outside is gorgeous as most of you know by now, the huge waterfall that gives the club a little more air. and if you're sitting in the table behind the waterfall, its spectacular. Ive been back couple times since turning 21 and I gotta say, its still one of my favorite places to party in Vegas.
2	One word for the staff here, MORONS. Our table hostess was very nice but the male guest list/bottle service hosts with the clipboards are complete tools.First off, we reserved 2 tables 3 months prior. That's sufficient time right? Apparently not. We got stuck with a table OUTSIDE of the club's main entrance that blocked the employee walkway. So it was a total bitch having to get back in line and show our stamps every time we wanted to go inside the club. Then we had employees giving us attitude because they couldn't get through our group when they are the dumb asses that put us in front of the door/walkway. And to move inside, the host said we had to pick up another 2 bottles? Okay now on with the club itself. HORRIBLE layout. The waterfall is nice but this club is only suitable if you have bottle service inside. It's U-shaped and there are tables EVERYWHERE with a tiny dance floor. Everyone is pretty much hanging out around their table because there's absolutely zero walking space. Tryst, try again.
4	Good ambiance and fun dancing. Nice outdoor area to take a break and a really hospitable crowd that sets itself apart from most people who you encounter in the Las Vegas club scene.
5	I love this club! I love this club so much I would make love in this club...in this club...in this club...in this club.I can't believe I stayed and partied here until 4am. My legs and hips were weak and wobbly from all the dancing, but I didn't care because I was having such a fun time! It was very smart of them to construct an outdoor opening right at the dancefloor. It not only gives you fresh air to breathe while you're shaking your booty or grinding up on a hot ass chick, but it also gives you an awe inspiring view of their waterfall! What club has a view of a waterfall?! Pure genius!Drinks are pricey, but who really gives a damn! You're in Vegas! Leave your penny pinching at home! $8 for a glass bottle of Evian water? $13 for a shot of vodka? Sign me up! Heh.Whoever was DJ-ing that night was incredible! The music flowed together so well that it made you not want to leave the dancefloor. There wasn't as much eye candy as I had hoped for (probably because it was a Thursday night), but everyone there seemed to be having the time of their lives!Mr. Steve Wynn, your hotel is overrated, but your club is spectacular!
4	Tryst is the place to be on a Sunday night!  It was PACKED!!!!  DON'T GO TO BODY ENGLISH, IT SUCKS!!  With that said let the review go on...We got to Tryst around 1145-12am and we didn't know what to expect in terms of the crowd and how the place looked like and we were very impress.  The line was not long at all and when we looked behind us, all we saw were ladies which was a big plus for us guys.  The vibe was great and the drink line was not long at all.  The ladies were classy and beautiful.  The crowd in general were nicer and down to party with compared to some other clubs in LV.The design of the club was nice with the waterfall.  I thought the dance floor was a good size, but it might be a tad small for some people though but it was all good.  Nice outdoor area to chill when you're not dancing.  No places to sit down unless you get bottle service, but who needs to sit down when you're surrounded by such awesome and beautiful people.Can't wait for Tryst again!!!
4	i went on a sunday night, and it was incredibly easy to get in.  the complimentary admission passes were even lying in piles in the casino restroom for anyone to pick up.  the security guy tending the line let us in very quickly.  the other security guys standing on the stairs leading down from the line to the entrance were quite nice too, telling us: "enjoy your evening."  perhaps coming on a sunday night influenced my positive opinion of the place, but here goes...i found the appearance and atmosphere of the club to be very sophisticated and exotic.  the waterfall is, of course, the centerpiece of tryst, as it overlooks the outdoor lagoon area.  it's a great place to get some fresh air, although during the summer heat, even at nighttime the open air won't cool you down.  there are two main bars (at least from what i noticed), and service was very fast.  even when the peak rush of the crowd arrived at the club, i didn't have to wait very long to get a bartender's attention.  their inredible hulks were some the best i've ever had, and it quickly became obvious why: they use hennessy vsop in their hulks, not the regular vs that everyone else uses with varied results.  the long islands were a little strong (no complaint there), and cheaper than the outrageously priced $17 long islands at The Bank, but i still thought the Bank had the better long island.the dancefloor wasn't too big or too small.  it seemed to me that a large portion of the club's floor space was devoted to tables and booths, which i thought made the place appear more intimate.  however, a modestly-sized dancefloor and many tables could be a disaster on peak nights like saturdays.  but in my case, the whole setup was nice because i went on a sunday and the crowd size was just right.  the restrooms were nice; the sinks reminded me of the bathrooms in the harry potter movies! the complimentary passes said that the music for the night was to be 70s, 80s, and 90s mash-ups.  that made me very hesitant to go at first, because i hate mash ups.  but it turned out they didn't do too many mash-ups at all.  they played mostly 90s and 2000s hip-hop and dance music, so i was happy for the most part.
4	One of the coolest clubs around. The decor, the ambiance, the music is all spot on. Even when the bar was full (i was there on New Year's weekend) it still wasn't hard to get around. The pricing was comparable to other hot clubs on the strip.The water fountain is a cool alcove to go out and drink by.  It isn't the main reason to go but definitely adds something to the overall experience and a great place to take someone you are trying to impress. My one suggestion is to not go with a group of guys, find girls even if you have to pay them. Or you can buy an advance pass that cuts you to the front of the line for about $40 which is about $15 higher than cover but definitely worth it.  Tryst will not disappoint, unless of course you're stuck waiting in line because you're part of a sausage fest.
3	Lots of buzz about Tryst being the "it" spot, but I partially agree. If you're looking for a plush atmosphere and upscale table service, this is it. For me, I enjoy really good DJs and plenty of dance floor. You can't find it at Tryst unfortunately. Since Fridays and Saturdays are prime time, Sundays are better if you want to check out Tryst.
4	3 criterias for OBJECTIVELY reviewing clubs: the temperature, the air quality (stuffy or well ventilated) and how packed it is. Given those 4 criteria here you go:Temp: Vegas is schweating balls hot, outdoor clubs like Moon or Tao Beach is nice since it's outdoors but it's still freakin hot!!!... Tryst has this semi out door, semi indoor feel.  Since half of the club is outside, you don't have to walk very far to get some fresh air.  The indoor waterfall is also great for keeping the temp down.Air quality: Have you ever been to a club where you feel like you've inhaled the same air over and over again... eck.  Tryst s very well ventilated and the air doesn't get heavy.  For older men like me, we need air.  That's the only way we can keep up with women "getting low" without strapping an oxygen tank to our side. Capacity: Getting to the dance floor from the bar shouldn't feel like a human car wash.  I like a busy "poppin" club but OMG feeling like an ants in a colony ... not so much.  Tryst was nice.  The dance floor and the bar was packed but there were pockets of breathing spaces all around the club.Great Place to party, but as always it's all about who you go with :)
3	The decor in this place is breathtaking (both the interior design and people that adorn the club). I don't know about you, but going to club with this gorgeous waterfall isn't an everyday occurance in my books and it gives the club a nice edge. The line getting into this place looked like it would be at least a two hour wait if not longer...if you do have the cash I can highly recommend getting a VIP host for the night. No waiting in line (which looked to be at least a two hour wait) and you'll have someone setting you up with a great time. The music was very danceable with a good mix of house, rnb, hip hop and some classic rock mash-ups. The DJ definitely knew how to get the crowd started...My personal criticisms of the place are as follows:SPACE: I am the type of person that goes out to the clubs with the intent of dancing and though this place size wise was huge, by the time it was midnight you had to elbow your way through the club to do any dancing whatsoever. VIP: We had bottle service there and unfortunately as the area wasn't roped off properly, no room to dance here either. We even moved tables during the night to see whether it made any difference...none unfortunately. CLUB SIZE: I prefer clubs that at least give the illusion of being a little bit more on the intimate side. Tryst was jam-packed (admittedly beautiful people, but nevertheless) on a Thursday night in a club that could have standed to lose about a fourth to enhance the atmosphere for the rest of the people there.
5	Not sure where to start, I loved this place!Went kinda late, around 2ish, so line was not an issue.Entrance into club is unique, and once I saw the waterfall I was head over heels, so nothing could go wrong.Husband and I had a great time dancing for over an hour, sometimes crowd got a little rowdy, but its a club. Did not buy any drinks, I imagine it would of been a small fortune.VIP areas looked really cool.Would highly recommend this place to anyone seeking something special in Vegas.
1	Meh...either pay for table service or don't bother. The lack of a VIP list on saturday nights leads to frustration that even the bouncers feel gross about. My peeps and I waited two hours in line staring at the stupid Belts and Baubles store while posers, greasy hipsters and large-and-lovely? brides-to-be walked by. We bailed.
5	So much fun, I barely remember it!
3	Oh, Tryst, how you never let me down. Then again, you don't exactly wow me with your fabulosity either, so let's just say you're in the general neighborhood of "Dependable."I like your standard policy of letting girls cut to the front, courtesy of suits with clipboards. I like how I can sit at unoccupied tables with zero consequence. The dance floor has enough space to bust some serious moves, but in the summer time it wouldn't kill you to close those damn floor-to-ceiling glass doors. We've all seen the waterfall before, yes it's cool.  You're letting all the AC creep out, thank goodness it's not MY electricity bill!And when you charge an even $20 for a Bellini, you do know the bartender ain't getting a tip right? $21 is ok, $19 is even better, but $20...you're out of luck.Don't feel too bad. I would've given you 4, but that newly implemented graph on the sidebar is indicating I may slutting out my stars too much. I guess they need a break.
4	Music is a good mixture. Love the waterfall scenery. It has been quite entertaining everytime I go there. Only complaint I have for this place is the line for guys to get in.
4	Yes.Tryst is gorgeous.  The outside patio over-looking the faux waterfall is a huge plus.  The fact that the go go dancers' platforms are pushed to the corners is great because there's more room to dance.  The music is fun, albeit average.Make friends with a local and go on Sundays- for Locals' Night. It's awesome!
4	First...let me say...I don't even like clubs.....I'm more of a bar/lounge type of girl.  That said....I loved Tryst.  I liked whole waterfall and outdoor seating area.   Great on those super hot Vegas nights.  Also two thumbs of for non-obnoxious go-go dancers :)  Music was also good....mostly hip hop type stuff.The line was kinda crazy, but thanks to being a girl, they let us in.  Cover is 30 for guys and 20 for girls.  Don't know drink prices as we didn't have to buy any......another yay for being a girl :)
4	sick ass night club way big, but still mother f-in packed on sat night. dont waste your time in line buy a bottle and rock and roll!
1	blah, went here once..I was with all girls and luckily got in for free because we bumped into some girl outside who knew the bouncer... but i still had a shitty time. They had worse DJ ever. All I heard was the same crap they play on repeat on the radio.. when he was done, it was like he poped on a Jay Z cd.. Even worse were the guys there. I happen to come on douchbag night.. ugh.. my 1 star is for the outside area, its a very nice to relax and sober up.best clubs in vegas : body english at the hard rock or Jet at the mirage
1	Sure, I didn't have to give Tryst a dime of my money, but the heat and the crowding alone made me want to leave within an hour of arriving. If you wanted to dance, you couldn't because it was so packed that you were lucky you could breathe. Even the outdoor waterfall area was packed. We ended up leaving quickly and drinking bottles of wine at Parasol Up.
4	I'm fairly surprised by some of the recent reviews on Tryst.  My friends have all gone years before I did, but I finally got to experience Tryst this past weekend and I loved it.  Music was great--hiphop and they threw in some Rock that people were able to dance to.  It was interesting, the choice of rock songs, and it gave it a twist to my clubbing experience because instead of the typical hiphop, I found out I am able to dance to alternative rock and new wave =)The waterfall outside is beautiful.  Crowded, and oddly enough, hotter than if you were to stand inside.  Dance floor was crowded, but very fun.  I was watching the gogo dancers and the ones I saw were all pretty hot.We didn't have a good ratio 4 girls and 6 guys, so we waited in line for almost two hours.  We were pretty much in front of the line for an hour before they let us in.  Half our group went in half an hour earlier than us--that sucked because I was the group that got left behind.  But as soon as I got in, went straight to the bar and had a good time!I'm taking one star off because service at the bar sucks.  They girls there look like they're dead.  There are people waiting for their drinks, and these bartenders are taking their precious time shakes their drinks, walking back and forth slowly to get cups, ice and pouring the drink.  I mean, wow, it's Vegas!  Cmon girls!
5	AMAZING.  1st time I came here I was staying at the Wynn with my boyfriend.  We saw the crazy ass line to get inside.  I politely asked one of the bouncers if hotel guests had to wait in that madness and he gingerly rushed us in through the VIP line with complimentary admission.  Thats what I call customer service... Thats why you pay to stay at the Wynn.The atmosphere inside is incredible.  The layout is ingenious and the serenity is superb.  The waterfalls are gorgeous and so are the people inside the club and the people who work there.  Music is the right mix of club/dance as well as your favorite classic rock songs with a hint of whatever else is hot at the moment.2nd time here... with the girls and a handful of guys.  We had table reservations but arrived to Tryst a little later then expected.  Again we cut through the 2 hour wait like a piece of cake, while all the people in line were escorted to the side so we could come in.  They had given our original outside table away because we were late but we were escorted to another one inside.  A couple bottles of Absinthe, Grey Goose and Jack later we were having an absolutely amazing time.  After reading some of the negative reviews for this place, I noticed a similarity.  This is Vegas where everything has a price... Including your happiness.  If you want to have a kick ass time you either need to come with a group of 10+ gorgeous, single girls (no guys) who are willing to whore themselves out to get things for free or be prepared to spend some cash.  Get a table.  It might cost a couple grand (I think the absinthe bottle we got was $700) but it was worth every penny of it.  Oh yeah, and it's not what you know- it's who you know.
3	I think this would be a much higher rating if we'd done table service. Four of us (all guys) showed up here about midnight on a Friday. There was no line and we paid the $30 cover to get in (when we came out about 15 minutes later the line was probably 50 people). I really want to give this place another try with table service because on this night the place was too packed to move. Tryst is a pretty amazing place visually with the waterfall and landscape architecture integrated with the dance floor and interior seating. But it was hard to really take it all in since we couldn't find a single place to even catch our breath (except the entryway where we had a Jason Kidd sighting). The mob to get drinks at the bar was 4-6 people deep. Clearly the place is popular and I do appreciate the excellent service we got from the staff especially Patrick Frank (door manager) and a female manager (didn't get her name) who assisted us once we were in the club. I'd heard that Wynn properties generally are known for service and this was no exception.
3	Came to tryst on a friday night with my 6 hot girls, didnt wait in line, didnt pay, so that is a plus right there. I was not so impressed with tryst. Yeah the waterfall is really cool and very eye pleasing as a back drop, but other than that it looked like a regular club. nothing too spectacular about it. It does have a touch of glamour feeling because of the decor. It was packed where we could not really dance. This place at least does let you sit and chill if you can find a place. Music that night was kinda whack, it would be off and on, good songs, bad songs, and so on.  Didnt use the bathrooms here so cant tell you bout those. Decent club, would come back if i didnt have to wait or pay!!  sorry i have been spoiled.
2	Rolled up here with my girls, we were about to stand in line, when some comedian guy and his entourage of men were coming by and plucked us out of the crowd to join them... :0) (nice way to start out an evening in a Vegas club)Got inside, and they had a nice VIP table.  Me being me wanted to explore a little and check the whole place out - I 'left the herd' so to speak, and got sandwhiched in the middle of what I could only explain as a pushing contest of dozens upon dozens of people trying to angle to get into the bathrom.    I must have looked totally freaked cause out of no where a bouncer came through, picked me up and carried me past all of them, then set me down to make sure I was ok. (Very sweet)Finally made my way out to the waterfall, which was neat but not 'oh my gosh, this is what makes the whole experience' or anything.The bottle service was nice, and the private area we had decent - if you can roll vip and get both of those luxuries, I suppose it's an ok place (although HOT as hell, and smelled rather sweaty all over the club)   I watched seas of people fight to get bar service, and after my one adventure in the club, I pretty much stayed with the table until we left.it was ok - I expected better for the hype & it would have gotten one star if I had paid.
1	Hate it here!  My younger brother got tooo drunk the last time we were here and our entire party (of 10) was kicked out.  Nothing special - don't even waste your time. We did see A Rod that night - the only highlight of that night besides getting kicked out and fighting with the meathead bouncers.
4	Tight bumping and grinding, gogo dancers. Decks covered with VIP tables overlooking an enormous waterfall surround a dance floor filled with people who have had enough to drink to intoxicate a small army.Unlike some of your other club options, Tryst plays a wide range of music not just hip hop and there is a ton of good people watching in the open night air.
4	Just like Blush, it's an indoor/outdoor club.  But that's where the similarities end.Love the waterfall. Very unique. I like the layout of this place moreso than others as it doesn't get as stuffy and it really has that big city nightclub vibe.All I can say is free entry (with the BF!) and being pretty liquored up can't ruin anything!
2	The music sucks and it's built so that the dance floor is just one big mob of people when it gets packed.    It gets way too crowded in that place and you can't move around.  If you are stuck in the middle of the dance floor you can't leave.  It's wayyy too crazy there.  Just like one fancy rave.  I wouldn't go there again.
4	Sooo I'm just a normal person from the burbs. I decided to spend an evening at Tryst with a friend in from out of town to give her the Vegas experience. Maybe the things I saw were normal for all you California cool kids, but the whole evening was so bizarre to me!Time in line: We had 2 girls, 1 guy in our party. We were dressed at about a 6 on the Vegas slutty scale so we had to wait like 8 minutes to get pulled out of line. Seriously if you have more chicks than guys expect to get pulled out.. not a big deal. Dudes are screwed.Cover: $20 for us ladies, and $30 for our guyDrinks: We drank double red bull vodka (kettle/sky depending on the bartender). They were $21 and not a bad deal because seriously 2 was enough to get us feeling really really good. Dance floor/Ambience: So it was crowded in there, but from talking to club going type people they say that's normal.. ok sure. I thought it was very beautiful, just smaller than I expected. Music: A nice mix of 80's/trance/hip hop/alternative.. whatever. My only issue is that each song was only played in a 1 minute clip. Is our society that ADD that we can't handle an entire song? Are entire songs not trendy? Seriously I was sooo getting into singing Living on a Prayer (singing in Tryst is probably a no-no) and then it cuts to some random rap song from the 90's... my drunk self was so sad.Bathroom: So the bathroom line was weird. While I was in line these bouncer guys escorted these 2 really slutty chicks to the front and waited for them then escorted them back out... hrm.. so apparently there's some sort of VIP bathroom service? weird.Weirdest thing of the night: Not one but TWO tables of douche bag guys decided it was cool to throw $100 worth of ones in the air. These were independent occurances. WTF, seriously I know it's just $100 but there are so many more interesting ways to burn through it. They were photographing each other doing this, and thought they were the sh*t cause they were throwing money on the ground.. seriously Vegas attracts some really mentally ill douche bag types. Overall clubs aren't my scene, but I had a nice time.
4	This is probably one of my favorite clubs in Vegas. I'm a huge fan but a few of my friends beg to differ. The music was good, very classy, a lot of room to stand & dance. No bumping elbows with sticky or sweaty people and the vibe was great. The huge waterfall inside was a bonus as well.
3	Ok so as I wrote in another recent review, I frequent Vegas too much for my own good. I can't even count the times i've been there since i've turned 21 six years ago! Anyways, I've heard a lot of mixed reviews about Tryst but finally decided to give it a try during my visit back in June. We were a mixed group of 4 girls and 3 dudes and arrived at the Wynn around 11pm. There was a pretty long line outside the club but we decided to just stick it out and wait.  The line moved at a decent pace for a good 30 minutes but as soon as we got to the front area of the line, it just stopped. We didn't move at ALL for a good hour! I finally flagged down one of the club hosts and asked him how much to get myself and my group in right now. He said $25 each for the guys, girls can just go ahead in. So the guys paid up and we finally headed toward the 'box office' at the entrance. Once there, us girls were still free (we picked up passes earlier that day) but the guys had to pay an additional $30 to get IN in! Poor guys but it's a given that they have to pay an arm and a leg extra than what girls have to pay in vegas. Ok so for the club itself... the layout is pretty cool. Half of it is indoors and the other half out. The waterfall is majestic and gorgeous, and you almost can't believe that you're inside a dance club. There are two huge bars at each end of the club, and cocktail waitresses carrying shots of patron for the lazy (or smart!) who don't feel like waiting at the bar. Ofcourse you have to purchase a bottle to sit at the tables here, which I HIGHLY recommend especially if you're with a mixed group. It'll get you in easier. I was there on a Friday night and the dance floor was PACKED. We could hardly move, yet it was ok since I wasn't really feeling the music. That night  they played more techno than anything else. I remember the crowd being pretty mixed...so that's always a good thing. The bathroom is kinda neat but can be trippy since it's circular with mirrors all around. If you're drunk, please bring a friend to help you navigate your way to and from the toilet and the sink! I saw a lot of mishaps while waiting for my turn!Would i go back to Tryst again?? Meh, probably if i go with a group that gets bottle service. We'll see!
1	In concurrence with Brady K.'s review, if you are not on some VIP list or a group of 100% girls (and even that's not a guarantee) -- don't bother coming in Saturday night.  Even the bouncers were more sympathetic to the plight of all people waiting (which the promoters made even more packed by asking us to triple up and squeeze together, to make the line look shorter but everyone in it more hot & uncomfortable)  NOT COOL - literally and figuratively.My friend got on the guestlist via the hotel concierge but even then they were being total jackholes about it and wouldn't let our group in because it's not all girls (we were 1:1 ratio), so we bounced outta there after waiting and sweating for an hour and headed to the much more pleasant Lavo @ Palazzo.  And if a club that's themed like a RESTROOM can even beat you in vibe, music and service, you must really stink!
2	Reason why I'm giving it two stars is because we didn't have to wait in the long ass line.  Went there for my bachelorette party, so since we were a group of girls they let us skip the regular admissions line.  Paid the cover charge and probably just stayed for an hour.Lets just say the music wasn't great and the place was small and they keep letting people in and the dance floor was just crammed up with people.  You constantly get pushed, bumped into, you name it!!!  If you don't get a table you'll never find a place to sit!  I felt like I was suffocating in there and I felt sick that I decided it was time to go and I'm the BACHELORETTE!!!!!  I felt sorry for all those people who were lining up trying to get into this crappy place!
4	This is one of the most beautiful clubs I've ever been to.  Hella niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiice!!!!!  Cover was $20, but we got to go in the front of the line cuz GIRLS rule =)  HAHA.  They do have a strict dress code, but seriously.. if you were a girl, you could get away with it.  I violated like 2-3 items of the dress code, but still got in.  CHA-CHING!  =)  Oh, and the bathroom is amazingly beautiful.  And the waterfall is gorgeous.  I'm in love with the setting of this place =)Most def. a really fun night!!!  FYI:  drinks are def. expensive.  $14 for a drink.
3	I am cursed when it comes to getting into clubs.  I'm always that person who the bouncers decide to be the permanent line.  That being said, I think it must have been some sort of miracle that I didn't have to wait in line at all.  Or, the people I was with had connections.  So you can imagine the feeling of walking past tons of people ( a feeling I've never had before mind you) and entering an enormous club.  The entrance was beautiful.  Perhaps that was the adrenaline from feeling special that tainted my view.  However, as the night wore on Tryst's appeal faded.  We had a table, and the couches were super comfy.  But I didn't stay on them very long cause the dj's cool mixes of old school hip hop and dance music was inspiring.  At this point I start dancing near the table and realize no one else is really dancing here so let me go find the dance floor.  This is when it got ugly.  In a club the size of a circus tent (it was huge).  Couldn't you fit a bigger dance floor?  It was tiny and packed.  There was no room at all, and if you found a spot in about 3 seconds it was filled with 2 more people than you wanted.  I had to play elbow hockey quite a bit.  After about 10 min. here I decided to start my own dance floor near our table.  Much better.  Not only did the dance floor suck booty, the decor kinda did too.  I'm really into decor and it just wasn't cutting it.  Especially when I compared it to the rest of the Wynn.  It was just a bunch of black and red furniture with huge red lampshades everywhere.  blech.  It was a good time, but there just wasn't anything special about the place, besides the crazy waterfall in the middle of it which seemed to impress many but barely wowed me.  I say if you have to wait in a long line here, why not just go somewhere else.  I'm sure it's easier and just as cool.
3	Sophisticated, sheik, and glamorous are just a few ways to describe Tryst. The decor is impeccable, but that's pretty much all that is worth describing in that manner. I had expected the club to have a more refined selection of who could and could not enter, but I was heavily disappointed. Exclusiveness is not in their agenda as the club became ridiculously packed by 11pm. Also, the club seemed to lack women, having an average ratio (from my personal observation) of 1.5/2:1 (male:female). Also, having just turned 21, my friends and I felt pretty out of place at this spot since the average age group in Tryst seemed to be somewhere between 28-40 yrs old. If you're looking for a much younger crowd, go to Tao and I promise you won't be disappointed.I went on a Friday night, so I expected the line outside to be pretty long (which it was) and for the club to get packed (which it did). Luckily, I was able to get our group on the VIP list, so all of our girls got in for free and our guys got in for $30. The added bonus was that we walked straight into the club, no wait. Wait time averages from 45 minutes to 1 1/2 hrs if you aren't on the list, so I suggest making a couple of phone calls to get VIP treatment.The music was pretty good and consisted of hip-hop/trance/rock mashups. Drinks were pretty average and so were their prices. The bars, however, were so packed that getting a drink takes patience. The dance floor was tiny and there was no where to sit unless you ordered bottle service. Although the decor was incredible, I felt that it was not enough to redeem its downfall in all other categories. Perhaps it was just not my kind of club but at least I didn't have to pay and wait in that awful line.
4	for some reason when we were in our limo i thought we were headed to tao so i was pretty excited...but we ended up at the wynn? still confused as to how we ended up at the wynn instead of the venetian but we were drunk so whatever.headed to tryst on a saturday night... line was pretty long...and we had a group of 15..luckily, one of the guys in our group greased the security guy with a couple hundred and we walked right past everyone..there was still cover (20 - girls, 30 - guys)i'd complain about the cover if i didn't have such a fun time.the music was cool...every once in awhile theyd play a song and wed be like wtf...but overall the mixes were goodnot sure how much shots/drinks were since i didnt pick up the tab...but i did get a new castle which was 10 bucks...there was a huge waterfall as the backdrop...atmosphere was pretty sweet. and it wasn't hot and sweaty like most clubs...probably had one of the funnest times clubbing here..i dont think we left til like 430?
3	Waterfall is pretty!  Not much to say... it's a regular club with drinking and dancing ppl
5	I've been to Tryst before and this time around was so much better. I'm going to say that Sunday night at Tryst is SIGNIFICANTLY better than Friday or Saturday nights for a couple of reasons.1. Less crowded. It was busy but not overly busy that you had to wait in a line for more than an hour. We waited like 5 minutes max.  Also, the dance floor was poppin but it wasn't so packed that you could barely move. It took us maybe 5 minutes to get a drink instead of 20 minutes due to the crowd. Seriously, it's just the right amount of busy-ness that makes it a party but you can still breathe and move around.2. Great Music. It was non-stop great music. Hip hop, top 40, remixes, etc. It was fabulous.3. The People. I think more locals go on Sunday. It just felt like a great party with no one to impress. Everyone just wanted to dance and drink and have a good time!!Overall, my friends and I had a great time! We paid no cover and we had a group of 40 of us. Some of us got bottle service though. But still, no cover and we had tons of guys with us too. We rolled in around 1045pm and had no problem getting in. Some were on the guestlist and some were not.  It was such a fun night. Too perfect! We never left the dance floor!
5	Despite staying at the Wynn the last time I was in Vegas, I never got the pleasure of visiting Tryst. I finally had the opportunity to do so this past weekend on one of those spur the moment trips to Las Vegas.Per usual, the club here doesn't open until 10PM. My two friends and I (all males) arrived early at around 9:20. Sure, a little early but I'd much rather wait 40 minutes and build some rapport with the hosts rather than coming at around 11PM and wait 2 hours or so and acting all pissed off when I can't get in.Also, screw paying more than $30 dollars to get in. I have never paid off any bouncers or doormen to get in. I thought we were going to get in right at 10, but it ended up being around 10:15 that we actually came in. Why? Bottle service. Now I have nothing against bottle service, but it was just that it made the wait a little bit longer. So expect to wait a little bit and let the people getting bottles to get in and get situated with their tables. As for me, I'd rather be dancing my ass off and talking to the ladies.Dress code was fine. If you make some sort of effort to look nice they'll let you in. (So fashionable t-shirts, jeans, etc are okay). We were let in after a few more minutes and worked our way down the stairs. Careful people, these stairs can spell death if you're navigating it in a drunken stupor. We paid our 30 dollar cover and was immediately greeted with the sight of a gigantic waterfall. I had seen pictures before but seeing in person was quite amazing.From the entrance, to your right is a bar and the restrooms and a bunch of VIP tables, left more VIP tables (they basically encompass the club) and another bar.  The outside was definitely something unique. I've been to Pure before and they have that nice terrace, but it was so soothing to be somewhere cool both visually and physically.Drinks are expensive, but you should already know that since you're going to a club in Vegas. My best advice, as always with Vegas, is: 1. get your stamp 2. go back out and booze it up for cheap/free 3. come back when the club is cracking. Of course it's inevitable that you'll buy a drink...or 8 once you're inside. I paid 10 bucks for a beer and around 15 for premium drinks. Yikes. Good thing I had a bottle of Patron waiting for me outside.I went on a Saturday night which is usually a safe bet (hah) in Vegas. Numerous bacherlorette parties, birthday parties and single ladies were present. They were all...very friendly.Clubbing overall can be a hit or miss and I know some places, despite how popular they are, can have their off nights. I had a great time at Tryst and I look forward to visiting it again.Tips: Visit my friend Jerry the bartender. He hooks it up. And fellas, don't go to female bartenders they're like the Sirens - so seductive and you leave questioning how you spent so much money for a beer.
5	FABULOUS! My favorite club ever! My three girl friends and I got to the front of the line immediately and didn't have to pay cover - sweet! When we were inside we met Chuck Liddell, the fighter, and we danced and chatted and never paid for a single drink! I would definitely recommend Tryst. Gorgeous decor, fountain and bathrooms. I can't wait to go again!
5	Love Tryst! One of my favorite clubs in Vegas. It just somehow feels classier than the rest - but that could also be because it's located in the posh Wynn Hotel. My favorite night there has to be Sunday (although it's not as busy) - it's still bustling with people. And there's also a chance that if you're short, you won't get trampled on the dance floor!!! (i know, that's pretty exciting). The ambience and the atmosphere at Tryst is amazing. The patio part with the cabanas are gorgeous! Yes, it's true that to get a cabana, you have to get bottle service... but honestly, I think that only holds true for guys! (sorry boys!)
5	Loved it! I was in Vegas with the girls in early '05. We did a VIP dinner/club/limo thing but this wasn't one of the stops. However, we did manage to swoop on by on a different night. We couldn't leave LV without partying at the Wynn. Had a cabana right by the water (it was gorgeous!) & Patron all night. This place had a swanky but chill vibe. I haven't been to many clubs in Vegas but this has to be my favorite one so far. I've told the hubby & he has it on his itinerary for the next time he goes to Vegas with the boys (maybe not such a good idea). lol.
4	If I HAD to blow ridiculous sums of money on table service...I think I would do it here.
5	If there is any club that you go to in Vegas it should be Tryst.  Ever since my first visit in late '05, I've made it a point to hit up this club every time I'm in the city.  I don't know what it is that draws me to this one so much over the others.  The serene waterfall, the crowd?  Whatever it is, it works for Tryst.  Bottle service isn't ridiculous so if you can afford it, go for it.  On average, mixed drinks are around $18.  Top 40 dance mixes keep the crowd dancing their asses off the entire night.....you will leave with an adrenaline rush and tired all at the same time.
4	I'm not a club guy so when I was roped into going to Tryst...I went into it thinking that I'd have a horrible time.  But when I got there, I saw the waterfall, the cool outdoor setting, the plush VIP comforts, and the attractive corset wearing servers working that night....I'm now coming around on this nightclub thing...well at least going VIP.  Our table was near the waterfall and away from the dance floor so we didn't have too much traffic around us.  As always, the dance floor is usually packed and moving through is always a problem but one look at the waterfall and the open air environment...I'd have no problem coming back here in the future for a VIP table near the waterfall.
5	I have had spiritual experiences at Tryst. I stand in the open floor to ceiling glass doors between the dance floor and the waterfall and just look up sometimes. I feel the beat pulsing through my body, and can't do anything but smile. I mean really, could it get any better than this. In my mind it can't. What else do you need? The perfect plush location? Check. We've got the most beautiful bartenders in Las Vegas working for us, mixing drinks that include liquid gold sometimes it seems. Even I tip better there (and I'm a great tipper BTW) because my bartenders are so beautiful, and they're nice. I've never had a problem.Some of the best new beats are coming out of the systems there. I've noticed that while I'm sitting at my cabana outside or my private table inside, drinking Belvedere and on good occassions Louis. The champagne flows freely there, as long as you've got the checkbook to support it. There are beautiful people there, we're all dressed to the hilt and we know it. Dolce and Gabbana becomes a show there, not just a label in a store, while the Blahniks are hitting the floor or the pole.Oh yes, the pole. My favorite bonus part of Tryst. Next to the third bar over on the far left side of the club. Nestled in plush burgundy velvet crowned by luminous candles, the single pole stands. It's amusing to watch the women attempt to get up on it, literally get up. That's where I take my cue. Slinking up to the pole, I do my thing. Where I don't think anymore and it's just me and solid bar of steel. I crawl up it like a cat an whirl around like it's going out of style. Last time I was there I made too much money too quickly and the security was not pleased, I was asked to either dance more "politely" or not use the pole anymore. You'd figure he would have just asked for a cut and kept me going.I don't wait in the line there as their PR girl is a friend of mine, super sweet, very petite and adorable. Patrick's usually there at her side making sure that everyone's dressed appropriately.If you have to wait in line, and pay, to be honest, it's worth it. I've been to every single club in Vegas, and besides Prive, this is it. This is the best. This is young money, and luxury, two thing I have to say, I don't love, I covet.
4	Visited this place after Tao rejected us at the door, and it was a great alternative. The place is large, and with the waterfall as a backdrop to the club/lounge, its a great vibe to come visit. Unlike most places in Hollywood, people were not too snobbish, there was a few dancing poles that people were goofing off on which was fun to see, and as the night wound down, it was easier talking to people since the place is open late. Great place!
3	WTF? I've never reviewed Tryst. LOL Ok so seriously my first time here it was weird. Going down the hallway to stairs leading down. First thought. Now if I got wasted, it would really hurt going....I dunno UP STAIRS. Especially since they're stone....and probably no cushion for falling. I'm sure there's a formula for drunk+Up+stumble+stone/marble steps = Owie. When you get inside, the club is definitely beautiful, it opens up to a large dancefloor followed by a panaramic view of a waterfall.. I was here when it was also I think called Bete....Definitely a sight to see. Then I came here for some NFL Party which was retarded packed with people and celebs and ball players flowing with Roederer Cristal and making it rain for Peons. I also came one time and almost got into a fight by catching this guy's arm as it was about to smack one of my gfs....and finally...I came and watched people making out, a couple one redhead and some dude almost boinking her outside by the waterfall as her dress kept riding up and her white panties exposed to the public while on the other corner some guy's got two asian girls worshiping him like some fallic symbol.Sure Tryst always has something going on everytime I go. I do hate the drink prices. I mean the last time I went. 3 shots were like 42 dollars? Really? Redheaded sluts aren't gonna get me that messed up. Music isn't bad....Ambiance is expensive and beautiful. What you're gonna get screwed on is line. If you don't frequent that often like moi....then you gotta push your weight around. Even bouncers don't know what the hell is going on. Even when I'm supposed to get a line pass. So yes like every other club. Everyone has an ulterior motive. What I say? Down with the hundred dollar handshake....
4	ooo. prettttyyy.the dance floor leads to the outdoor area. it gets kinda gross when the weather is hot because everyone is already sweating and the hot air does not make it better.i've noticed that the girls here are more ...
5	So this was my first time at Tryst I heard nothing but good things about this place and yes it exceeded my expectations.  I had visited Tao, Ghost Bar, Pure and Moon.  I would say hands down Tryst was the best in terms of appeal, music, guy to girl ratio, Door guys were cool etc.  Drinks are expensive (about $15 for Mixed) but hey you will have to pay if you want a great place.  Be sure to get there by 9:30-10 if you want to get in. There is no guest list that I kow of but somehow I did talk to the VIP host and he let me and a female freind in.
4	The best club in Vegas, second-best I've ever been to. Waterfall is sight to behold. DJ is consistently good, except if you don't like Top 40...in which case, you probably don't like Vegas.On one night here I ran into both an estranged friend from college, and the little sister of my best friend from elementary school (I grew up 3,000 miles away from Vegas). How does that happen?It helps that Tryst is a ten minute walk from my standard room at the Palazzo. Honestly, my entire Vegas experience has become going from my room at the Palazzo, to the Palazzo pool, to Tryst, and back. Rinse, repeat. Vegas heaven.
4	So I've been to Tryst twice now, once for my cousin's birthday and once for mine (+ a couple of other friends who were just turning 21).  Let me summarize my experience:Round 1 - Guy to girl ratio was HORRIBLE with 2:1, so what did we do?  6 guys went in with 4 girls, paid $150 to the man with the clipboard, 4 girls came out, and 2 more guys went in with 4 girls, paying $50 to the same guy.  Mike, you just make $200 bucks off of me you SOB, but it was SO FREAKING WORTH IT.  My crew and I dropped another $200-ish on drinks and partied the night away.  Oh, and my cousin said it was his best birthday ever.Round 2 - Guy to girl ratio was better at 1:1, but this time around I got my cousin to put us on the guest list.  YES, there is a guest list to answer Ed M.'s question.  So what did that do?  Here's the conversation:Me:  Hey, I'm on the guest list.Bouncer:  What's your name?Me:  John S.Bouncer:  okay, how many people?Me:  4 guys, 4 girls.Bouncer:  *write something down on a piece of paper and hands it to me*  Here you go sir, have a good night.Me:  Thanks manWhat did that paper do?  It got me and my group into the club FOR FREE!  Yup, you heard right.  No paying bouncers, no paying cover, no jokes.  Had the time of our lives and lived to tell the story.  My whole group thought I was a baller, oh, and they thought the music, vibe, and overall feel of the club was AWESOME!If you wanna have a good time with a bunch of your friends, this is most definitely the place to hit up.  Get here between 10pm and 10:30pm to make the most of the dance floor.  After 11pm it gets REAL crowded (on a Sat. night), so by that time, you'll probably just wanna start moving outside and chilling.  If you get a table, I STRONGLY suggest getting one outside next to the dance floor, that is if you don't mind people smoking too much.  If you do, the settle for one of the PLUSH tables inside.  They're all either by a bar (the club has 2 or 3) or right by the dance floor.  Oh, and speaking of bars, Tryst has some of the HOTTEST bartenders I've ever seen.  Man, oh man.  On a random note, right where you enter, there's a large bar to the right, along with the bathrooms.  Further down, there's another smaller bar, and a stripper pole for all you fine ladies to show your stuff.The Important Stuff:[Cover] - $10 for girls (unless it's before 10:30, then you should be able to get in for free) and $30 for guys[Drinks] - Shots are $12 a pop (they're double shots though) and mixed drinks range from $10 - $15[Music] - Top 40/Hip-hop/R&B/90s all laced with some hardcore electronica beats to keep the dance floor moving[Best reason to go] - The monstrous 5 story waterfall.  Does it add to the club experience, probably not.  Until that is you're sweating like Shaq shooting a free-throw.  Once you step outside (where the dancing continues, mind you), it's probably a solid 30*F temperature difference from the inside dance floor to the outside area.[Cab Price] - If you're between Harrah's and Paris, it's gonna run you between $7 and $10 bucks + tipFinal Notes:I haven't been to any other club in Vegas, so Tryst gets only 4 stars.  It's WAAAAAAY better than anything I've been to in Hollywood, but I can't compare it to other clubs in Vegas.  Once I hit up Tao, Jet, Pure, LAX, and others, I'll change the rating accordingly.EDIT:  So it has come to my attention that Tryst does NOT have a guest list, and the "list" that I was placed on was because I had a connection with a hostess that works there.  Because she works there, I was able to be put on HER list, and that's how I got in.  Just a clarification for those who have emailed me wondering about their guest list.  For this reason, I have no ability to put anyone on any sort of guest list.  Yes, this is my disclaimer.  Sorry guys.
5	Tryst is one of my favorite clubs in Vegas.  It's located at one of the best hotels on the strip (Wynn).  The bouncers are pretty cool, especially if your a girl :D.  They play mostly hip hop...which is my favorite type of music.  The view of the waterfall is beautiful.  I'm planning to come here again hopefully for new years eve.
5	tryst was BY FAR my favorite club in vegas. it was our first stop and for the rest of our stay, every other club just paled in comparison. it is an absolute must if you're visiting. classy crowd, awesome bouncers, and great music. the waterfall puts the cherry on top. can't wait to go back !
4	It was my brothers 21st birthday and so we went to Vegas for the weekend. The tryst was where we decided to go on night 1. This place is really nice. Went out on Friday night at like midnight. Had to wait like 10 minutes. The only down side is it costs $30 to get in. Ouch! Other then that, we had a great time. The drinks are around $12 each but they are pretty big drinks, or at least it seemed like it.They have a huge dance floor that ends up outside right by a huge waterfall.Great place to go out in Vegas.
3	Never been in a more fancy, happening club ever. There was some kind of Sex in the City DVD release party going on the night me and the BFF were there so us solo ladies got in for no cover.This is an incredibly beautiful club, not at all tacky or cheesy or cheap. The place was pretty hopping when we first got there but still managed to secure a spot nearish the waterfall (a waterfall IN a club, only in Vegas) which helped keep us cool.Unfortunately for me, the club filled to capacity and then some pretty soon after and it became impossible for me to breathe or move.The bouncers near the outdoor table service area were cool enough to let us sit at a table for a bit without charging us, probably b/c it was a Sunday night and they didn't have a lot of table business.I'd go back here if it were less crowded but perhaps I am just too old for the whole club scene.
5	OMG I'm not sure I can every go into another club again without comparing it to Tryst!!!We went this past Friday for my birthday party (5 girls and 1 guy) and were able to by-pass not only the line but the cover charge (who hoo). Upon entering you're greeted by what must be at least a 50 foot (or taller) waterfall and swanky (but not cheesy) club. The DJ was great and we pretty much danced all night long. The dance floor was a bit small but it didn't seem to matter after a few drinks. There's also two patios and several bars so hopefully you never have to wait in line! This is a must stop for any Vegas Vacation!
5	Tryst is without a doubt the most breathtaking club I have ever been to! After bypassing the line and cover charges, we were greeted by the spectacular sight of an enormous waterfall flanked by fir trees. It had to be at least several stories high! Fear not, this was no woodsy themed club. Complimenting the outdoor area were cabana type table service surrounded the pool, and a sleek dance floor situated in the middle. The DJ pumped out great sets, and we danced until 4! I could go back to Tryst every night!
5	Dear Club Tryst, I will always remember our love affair. It was short; it was sweet. It will forever be in my thoughts. Until next time, Your biggest fan It's like getting the chance to have sex with your favorite celebrity. They are they epitome of beauty and grandeur and you keep asking yourself, "How did I get here?" The adrenaline is pumping through you so hard and fast you need a drink or two to steady your nerves. Before you know it, it's three hours later and you're leaving as a sweaty, sultry mess with a smile on your face. You'll never forget this as long as you live and you're definitely telling your friends about this in the morning. What really happened: My friend was celebrating her 21st birthday and received a bunch of get in free club passes for Las Vegas. We had to get in to one of the clubs before midnight for no cover. We tried Poetry in Caesar's Palace first and they wanted us to pay $30 a piece and wouldn't honor our VIP cards because Bone Thugs In Harmony was playing there that night. I said screw it. If I have free passes I wasn't paying. Disappointed my friend walked away almost ready to pay. We decided at 11 PM. that we could still make it inside Tryst with the VIP passes and jumped a taxi. Inside the Wynn we were daunted. The line was so effing long there was no way we would make it in by midnight. I called one of the guys with a clipboard over and asked him about being bumped up. He would only take the 2 girls and my boyfriend and the other guy would have to wait. We told him forget it and we stayed in line. Finally we took the guy up on the offer and left my BF and OG in line. I felt bad but I wasn't letting my friend go alone. I gave the BF $20 and said if someone bumps you, give him my $20, just get in. When we walked down the velvet lined hallway and came upon the the underground club that opens to the HUGE waterfall I felt like I was in a movie! It was 11:30 PM. and the club was relatively empty I couldn't believe they were making so many people wait in line! We grabbed some drinks at the bar and went on the waterfall balcony to shake our asses in the cool breeze. All of a sudden a river of people came in and before I knew it my BF and the OG were in too! They apparently found a nice guy with a clipboard that didn't care if they had girls in the group and took them right to the front and they didn't have to pay cover either. They tipped the guy my $20 and I was cool with that, it was 1/3 of the cover they would have had to pay if it was after midnight and that guy, whomever he was, was nice to two guys and not just a fan of pussy posse's. The music was really good. I don't think there was a moment that I thought, "This song sucks!" The go-go dancers were so hot and really added to the atmosphere and some posh people at the VIP booths inside stood on the table and threw wads of cash into the crowd making it "rain." The shots and drinks we got were all $12 a pop, but they were STRONG, and not paying cover made it totally worth it to splurge on alcohol. Props to the bartender for not charging me for a glass of water, not that they would or should. But when they expect to be making money on drinks and are hella slammed I appreciate that they don't scoff or say something douchey like, "We have $4 bottled water, it's Perrier and that's all I have." Ya' know what I mean? So if a bartender does that, at least give him a buck. If I was going back to Vegas I would go here again, and I would even pay the $30 cover if I couldn't score VIP passes. But Free ALWAYS makes it better!
3	tryst is a nice club. i especially like the huge waterfall at one end of the club (outdoors), but i didn't like the music and i didn't like that it was so bright on the dance floor. the lack of protective darkness made it easier for me to spot all of the short guys lined up around the perimeter of the dance floor, and it also made it way too easy for them to stare at us. blech.
4	Last Friday night after drinking at Blush, the group I was with headed to Tryst before it opened. My friend and I were on the guestlist and left our husbands and our other male friend to their own devices to get in. We were waiting in line chatting with the two guys behind us who happened to be from Phoenix as well, when this guy with a clipboard came up to us and led my friend and I to the front of the line. We were practically the first two people in the club. Our husbands and male friend had no problem getting in, and my husband didn't take any cash from me, but he was able to use our debit card to pay his $30 cover.Now with all the drinking in the room, drinking at dinner, and drinking at Blush, the night at Tryst is a tad fuzzy for me. The inside was really swank and I could totally picture doing bottle service there the next time I am in Vegas. We spent most of our night on the outdoor patio which I am glad we did. I don't remember buying drinks, although from the pictures I always had one in my hand, so I can't comment on prices. We did leave around midnight or 1 am when Tryst was incredibly packed. The music was good, but not great from what I remember, but the group I was with made the night so fun.
5	i went here last november (i know its a late review lay off me) and IT WAS THE BEST CLUB I HAVE EVER BEEN TO. I mean it was dope. like dope. like 100% pure cocaine sprinkled with caramel in ziplocks bags from south america dope lol. no but seriously if you go to this place and dont have a good time then you need to schedule an appointment with your doctor cuz something is wrong with you. I dont wanna even explain how it looks or anything else you just have to see it. If I had 4 thumbs Id give it 4 thumbs up. I dunno how hard it is to get in cuz i went with a huge party for a b-day (lots of girls... so that prolly helped). we got bottle service and our table was outside by the waterfall kinda in a cave like structure... ok ok thats it just go already damn!!
4	Its been some time since my last visit to Tryst and I'm happy to report, not much has changed.  In this case, that's a good thing.  I would have loved to do bottle service there on this trip, but circumstances surrounding some of the members of my party and their arrival times prevented that.  Next time for sure.  One of my friends and I were on the guest list instead, which worked our perfectly since we ended up not paying cover and being practically the first people in the club.  (Which, to be honest, is a little freaky.  At least it meant we had time to run to the ladies room and get a drink before the place was packed).The space is still amazing, the drinks are still pricey.  And the biggest drawback of all, is still there.  At about 12:30 this place turns into a pumpkin and you cannot move.  Every time I go here that is around the time I get fed up with the crowd and the bumping and head out to other places.  If you are thinking of making a night of it at Tryst I would definitely suggest bottle service to avoid the space issue.
4	I went to the Tryst for the Halloween costume party and I would say the party was awesome, and the costumes were simply amazing. Unfortunately that was the only time I went to the Tryst, so I am a little bias on judging the crowd to be super hot when everyone is wearing lingeries. This unfortunately includes a few guys going in the Borat one piece thong bikini (totally overplayed, and not funny anymore).I was actually on the guestlist for this club, but for some odd reason took too long to get to the club. At 12am, they close the guestlist or any type of promotion offers for out of state visitors. You will have to fork out the $30 cover. Since it was Halloween, I had no option but to do it.  As far as drink prices goes, it is $24 for two mixed drinks and not including tips. When drinks are that expensive, you are probably going to get the stink eye if you only tip a dollar. I suggest going a little higher if you want better service. The highlight of the club has to be the huge man made water fall infront of the dance floor. I didnt see any professional go-go dancers that night, but random girls in the club were getting up on the podiums to dance looked great. Surprisingly enough they actually knew how to dance besides just 'jiggling dat jelly'.  The VIP table areas were very spacious. You pretty much get an entire end couch per table. I am not sure if the exotic ladies were included with the table, or came with the guests..but each table had its own hostess that would prepare drinks for the VIPs. The party here does not end until well past 6am from what I heard. I had too much fun for the 4 hours I was there, but next time I will try to make it till the end.  That or max out my credit card. One or the other is worth it for this fine establishment at the Wynn.
4	Pretty awesome club.  Good music, pretty good drinks, decent-sized dance floor (but still too small once all of the bachelorettes in veils with their posses show up), bathroom not too crowded.  Make sure you get yourself on the list and get here a little early (11ish) if you want to get in without waiting in the ridiculous line.  Yeah, 11's early for Vegas, but at least you get some dancing time before the dance floor turns into a s*** show and you're unable to move at all on it.
4	Super nice.  If you're really looking to do Vegas in a big way, then you need to check this place out.  There's a drink on the menu that will cost you over 1k, and I think that's what sort of sets the tone for this sort of establishment.  Draping curtains AND waterfalls?  It almost doesn't sound real.  So just go and check it out for yourself.
4	tryst was hella crowded but no surprise there. it took us 15 minutes to just navigate ourselves towards the bar. after that insanity, we were able to have more fun though. good music, good drinks, okay dance floor, nice outdoor smoking area. they have a stripper pole too which is fucken amusing since everyone is so drunk, but it's unflattering cuz the girls trying it out looked stupid and not hot at all. this is the fucken truth speaking, i'm not a hater!and we saw dave navaro!
5	F-ing crazy place. If you go, go all out. Get a table and make sure it's by the waterfall. I thought table service was for douche bags but I get it now. So worth the cost. No waiting in line, no sore feet at the end of the night and no standing around the bar waiting for the bartender to notice you so you can order a drink. Gets a little crowded on the dance floor though and you just might run into scary people like Mike Tyson.
4	I went here also when the club was pretty new.. It was actually packed on the Thursday night during June that i went with my girlfriends.  The line was pretty long and we actually got there kinda early like around 10-10:30pm.  We didn't know there was another line for girls so we were standing there for awhile until someone told us.. It's funny how all these boys suddenly start talking to you to see if they can tag along with you and skip the line! WHAT POWER GIRLS HAVE IN VEGAS!!! MUCHO POWER!it sucked though. we still payed $20 cover. wtheck?!?! going downstairs had really nice decor.. nice decor on the walls going into the club also.  the place was packed like sardines. SARDINES in a can that hasn't been opened yet.  thank god there was an outside patio with the waterfall.. helping to coool us off..the WATERFALL is probably the highlight of the club i must say.  It made the view and the looks of the club more unique.  Throughout the night, the music was good from what I remember.. my friends and I were too occupied with getting free drinks though...OOOPS.. it was our first night in vegas.. and my first night in vegas EVER.... free drinks :) we stayed until closing.. that was insane!! I'm planning to go back there in 2 weeks!! tryst is on our list!
3	More like 3.5.I went in here with really high expectations, resulting from hype from both friends and the insanely long line that moved at a snail's pace.  It just HAD to be THAT good, right??  But once inside, I was mildly disappointed.  Not by the decor (don't hate me yet!), of course, because it is absolutely gorgeous.  George Costanza would go gaga over this place -- it's like completely DRAPED in velvet.There were plenty of tables (though most were unoccupied...), the waterfall is quite something to gawk at, and some of the go-go dancers were half-decent (hey, it's Vegas, so I kinda expect their go-go dancers to be a bit more in shape than your average American college chick).  However, there was definitely insufficient bar-space (the crowd at the bars is usually 3-4 people thick, if that makes any sense), the dance floor was itsy bitsy, and most of all, the music played was probably top 40, which included many songs not considered dance music (as opposed to hip hop)!  Come on, mister dj,  seriously?To top things off, one of my friends was getting his buzz on and dancing, as one should in a club.  But for some strange reason, this was seen as unacceptable (he was not hitting on any girls, btw) and he was promptly escorted out by the bouncers for being "too drunk."  WTF is that.  Apparently, Tryst comes with their own army of party poopers.  Poo on you, Tryst.  Poo.
3	I'm so surprised Tryst has received such high ratings here. It's not a bad club, but it's not the best by far. Our crew, G5 Bottle Poppin' Crew has never made it a staple of our monthly and bi-monthly trips to Vegas. The decor is very, very nice, I'll give it that. As far as visuals, it's the best looking club in Vegas. 50 ft. waterfall, lagoon, STRIPPER POLE (yes, not a typo), ect.... The club is the best looking in Vegas. However, there is only one small dance floor and the vibe just isn't what we go for. We like the over the top, loud, high energy-mega club scene. This would be a perfect place if you wanted to take a girl and impress her. If you're not trying to get laid, this is a great place for you and your date. Pro's - The scene. Waterfalls, lagoons, and STRIPPER POLE Con's - Not a great vibe - Okay dj - kind of small Overall, it's okay. Not the best and not the worst choice. Fri and Sat nights and they claim Thur is a big night.Not a starter.  2nd string or 3rd string club on our roster.
4	My opinion may be a bit biased because we were given near VIP treatment for our first time there.  Thanks to Herman N. we were placed on the guest list (funny story if you want to inquire).  We didn't think too much of it, as we thought we'd be able to just stand in a different line and pay the normal cover charge.  I was wrong.  The night we were there, there was a long line to get in.  The club was relatively new at the time.  Our guest list privilege allowed us to not only skip the line completely, but to get in for free.  Crowd was fun and the layout was nice.  The outdoor area with the waterfall was a nice touch.
4	This was our 3rd stop on Friday night  (after Lavo and then Blush)... and at first we ran into a few problems because this girl, who's apparently a NEW employee didn't know how to recognize or read names on the guestlist.  Then, when we talked to someone who knew what they were doing, we walked right in with no line and no cover, which is always a great thing.  I was warned ahead of time that this place was pretty small, but compared to Lavo and Blush, the size was decent and nice.  The waterfall outside is so beautiful!  It's also a nice place to hang out when you get too hot from being inside with the crowd... and it does get REALLY crowded.  The only thing I would say that sucks is the drinks are EXTREMELY pricey!!   I don't remember drinks costing $16-17 in Vegas but it did at Tryst...but all in all, i had a great time thanks to the great group of friends we traveled with. =]
5	It's very very gorgeous when you walk in but damn does it get crowded! I understand why though, it has a great vibe, GREAT music, and great views...if you get my drift ;-) We had a few issues at the door but everything worked out, seeing how it was a group of 10 hotass girls. haha. I'm not too sure on the price but from what I hear its a bit pricey, but it's Vegas, everything's a bit pricey. haha. We had a marveloous time but ended up leaving so we could go hit a few other places. If you're going to Vegas, you NEED to visit Tryst. It MARVELOUSSS! =)
4	Tryst is awesome, if a bit pricey.  Music is great, and it gets mad crowded, but shoot, who wants to go to a club in Vegas that doesn't?  I'm considering it a plus that I don't remember a lot of the little details, but I have a general impression of an incredible night filled with booze and dancing and handsome gentlemen (okay, I'm pretty sure I made that last bit up, but to make up for it, the bathrooms are nice and opulent), and the million photos I took seem to corroborate this.
5	this place is awwesoomme!!its gotta be my favorite vegas club so far (out of the select clubs ive been to). the waterfall is sweet. good peoples. theres a random stripper pole. i even got on it haha. but BOO! to the bouncer who dragged me off. i guess you gotta have female parts to ride the pole.the music was fantastic. you could really feel the energy on the dance floor. im not complaining about drink prices cause its freakin VEGAS!my experience here was like none other. i met some cool people. danced it up and threw down some booze. on my next visit im sure i'll try the bottle service here.RAGE!!
3	Cover here is $30.  Luckily one of my fat friends knew the bouncer so he got us in right away.  Otherwise we would probs be in line for over an hour.  The venue is really nice with that big ass waterfall in the background.  The drinks here are borderline highway robbery.  I thought Vegas was suppose to be cheap.  -1 one star cuz my fat friend that got us in got kicked out for walking around drunk.  Some other bouncer said he was bouncing off of people which was bs.  So we were in there for 1.5 hours and left for Tao.  I probably won't go back because they won't let a fat ass in ever again.
4	I gave this review one extra star simply because of the beautiful ambiance. The waterfall is an amazing backdrop for a club. One of the better and more fun nightclubs in Vegas. I would definitely go back to this club, which is not something I usually say about most of the clubs in Vegas.
4	If only San Jose had clubs as cool as the Tryst, then I might be a clubber. Thanks, Tryst!Quick Stats:-15 minute to 1 hour and 30 minute wait to get in-2 bars-Outdoor patio with lagoon and waterfall-Great vibe
5	I love that this place is open! A nightclub with a lot of fresh air makes a lot of difference. The open view of the waterfall adds a really nice touch. Even though the floor was crowded the "openness" made it feel not as crowded. They played really good music as well which added to the nice ambiance. I'd definitely come back again. Recommendations: definitely go with only a group of girls (goes for all clubs in Vegas), and meet a promoter somewhere before going in, saves time from waiting in those LAME long lines.
1	Loved: decor, outdoor dancing area with HUGE waterfall & nice bouncers Hated: ghetto people, losers grabbing at us, extremely crowded Return on my next visit? Hell to the no!
2	Besides that awesome waterfall in the back & cute bouncers, I really didn't enjoy my time here. It was not a very pleasant crowd, people seemed way old & one guy would not leave my girl friend alone after she rejected him like 10 times. I really hated how I was being pushed when ppl are trying to move through the crowd. Definitely experienced better.
5	What a wonderful place!As you come in down the stairs you feel like a 1,000,000 bucks!People are looking you up and down - it felt great!Drinks were not too strong, they measure out their alcohol, so no freebies there!I do not know exactly how we got in with our group of 20, but it was a breeze. (Now that I think about it, we did meet some promoter guy the other night, i think he walked us in w/out cover charge).Ahh, inside it felt as you were a little gem in a red-velvet lined trasure box!The waterfall was amazing, standing next to it was so refreshing.The dance floor was huge and not too overcrowded.Beautiful people - very Vegas-y like.We did end up getting a bottle serice and it was worth it!We were allowed to dance on the tables spilling and breaking everything - nobody said a word!They did ask us to leave aroung 6 am though - oh, well.IT WAS GREAT!
5	You know your azz looked good on the pole when some guy from Slovakia who can't even speak English asks you if you and your girl have a website that he can visit (probably to use while he engages in unspeakably embarrassing sexual acts).Your know your azz looked good when Kanye West buys you shots of Patron all night.  But, then again, I'm always wary of men who are trying to get me intoxicated.I have to say though, these White girls are giving me a bad name.The White girl on the pole who wasn't wearing any panties and flashing her firecrotch to the entire world wasn't helping the situation, either.   I coulda done without the gross display of sex from the couple who were gyrating and fucking on the couch outside by the waterfall.  GROSS... just GROSS.  Get a FUCKING room, PLEASE!!! Because I don't need to see your ugly azz crotch  gyrating on sum fucking Hipster whose dick was probably so fucking small anyhow and u know that chick was so fucking drunk she wouldn't have even noticed.I have no problems with public DPA's u know, and if they had looked hot, I probably wouldn't be complaining, as I'm a bit of a voyeur myself but, these amateurs looked like two young high school fucks who wouldn't know good sex if it hit them in the head.  GROSS!!  Nasty trailer trash Bitches!!!I did enjoy ripping a new asshole for the guy who said he was a running back for the Denver Broncos.  I asked him what he was doing so far from home.  He said his team didn't make the playoffs.  I told him he probably better run faster next time.  Sorry buddy... I kinda feel bad about that one.
4	WAY PRETENTIOUS but definitely a spot if you don't like to be enclosed by 4 walls. The wait was long for 2 girls and 3 guys but we got in after about 30 mins and $20 for girls and $30 for guys. The music was poppin' that Thursday night!!! Mash ups were awesome and the DJ was the best I've experienced in my clubbing career. I wish I knew who it was but that night was definitely danced away with awesome beats. The one cool thing about the dance floor is that it's all indoors but it's where the opening is to go outside. The huge waterfall is right there and it makes for great pictures. There's also tables surrounding the lagoon area which makes it an awesome place to chill and people watch. Drinks are typical -- 5 shots of Patron for $77 after tip and what not but you can't get past this if you want to drink at the club. Since the bar is mostly overcrowded, there are waitresses walking around with test tube shots of whatever hard liquor but do keep in mind it's cash only! I like the Wynn, I like Tryst, and I'm excited to check out Encore since I hear promising things about it. Too bad the night Encore open, I left earlier that day. Tear!
5	Tryst is the hottest nightclub in Vegas.  I was there on 1/10/09 and I think it's also the classiest and probably the most expensive in terms of drinks.  I think most mixed drinks run around $16 or so over here.  The decor is simply beautiful.  The back of the dance floor opens up to the back patio which overlooks a small lake and a waterfall.  It's great to walk over to the back and get some fresh air.The girls are the hottest around.  Dress to impress so make sure you not wearing anything dumb like sneakers, baseball caps, etc.  The girls will be dressed up (this isn't a jeans / t-shirt kind of place for girls) so guys should look their best.The crowd is young, hip, and always great for a party.  My buddy and I met a group of 17 (yup, that's SEVENTEEN) girls for a bachelorette party and it was freaking nuts partying with them all night long.Like most of the hot clubs around, it's going to be tough to get in if you're a group of guys (or even a group of girls if you have any guys with you) so do whatever you have to do and get in and join the fun!  We got there a little early and stood in line and got in but it took about an hour but it looked like a lot of guys are going to have to wait 2+ hours to get in.  I think next time I'll make a few calls or do whatever I need to do to bypass that line because it moves s-l-o-w!
5	This is my favorite club in Vegas thus far.  However, I did not try XS at Encore yet as it was Friday night and XS was overbooked and probably at least a 2 hour wait which I am not into. So anyway I have been to many others and LAX was my prior tops. Tryst is huge and in a good way.  There are multiple rooms/areas and the decor is very hip and modern. There is an outdoor area to lounge and dance around the pool/lake. The outdoor tables are heated at night which was needed this time of year. The waterfall is set in back of the pool and is gigantic and a beautiful touch. Inside the DJ was playing great dance music and the dance floor was packed.  There were stepped up dance platform areas with poles that random and professional girls were dancing on. I elected to get a private table for our party of people.  Its $500 per bottle so not cheap but the service is great.  I recommend it since you have your own area to sit, relax, drink, talk then you can come and go as you please to dance or whatever.  Plus you get in almost immediately (no line waiting) without having to pay the cover for your party which is $20 -$30 each.  I was impressed and happy with the night there as we all had a good time with minimal issues.
5	The fact that I can remember New Year's Eve in Las Vegas might not sound great to others, but trust me, it's just perfect in my book. There's nothing like a night of debauchery and Petron, poles and beautiful people (my girl and I being two of them, sorry, gotta represent you know). Just to stay consistent with how we rated out New Year's at TrystIt all begins withYou Know  Your New Year's Was Good At Tryst When:-you can work it on the pole better than all the other women, including the strippers in the house, and leave with your dignity-my feet didn't kill because my new Blahniks I bought myself earlier that day fit so damn well that they were as comfy as sexy-the Petron that I was drinking with my girl was free, yes, thanks Kanye,,,,-I didn't wake up with a hangover, and neither did she-I actually looked good in the morning when I woke up because I wasn't too drunk to forget to remove my eyeliner before bed-I was sober enough to enjoy my double stuffed potato springrolls (and yes folks, that title is actually trademarked by the Grand Lux Cafe)-I rang the new year's in not listening to shitty music, and got down with my bad self for hours breakin' the sweat that I love to break-I went home with someone, woke up to them, had breakfast with them, and didn't feel guilty because (A) I went to the club with them and had every intention of taking them home, and (B) I didn't wake up with my exThis means that as the ball dropped in hometown number three (NYC bitches) that I looked at the beautiful waterfall and smiled, realized I still look good, and had the most beautiful woman on my arm at the club. If that shits not good while sippin' on free shots from Mr. West, goddam I just don't know what is.......I just have a feeling, it's gonna be a damn good year. Holla bitches, we own Las Vegas
5	The night was supposed to be spent at Blush, but I managed to get my hands on some free passes to this place before we went there. I gave them to my girls as a possible plan B in case things got boring. Let me tell you, plan Bs have never gotten any better than this! 6 girls and 1 guy roll out from Blush to Tryst. Of course there's a line when we get there. So we wait and talk to a lady there to see if we can use the passes. She says yes, but our guy friend would have to wait in line before getting in. So we wait, and less than a minute into it, one of the bouncers comes by and asks how many girls there are in our group. He lets us and our homeboy in. Felt pretty damn good passing by those people waiting in line. We descend down a beautiful staircase into the club. First thing I notice is the massive waterfall in the background. Definite photo-op if you're ever in there. To date, this place has the best variety of people and the best bartenders than any other club I've been to in Vegas. Their long islands taste like lemonade, no joke! If there was any downside to our night, it was when security decided to get anal and escorted some of our group out, and they weren't even drunk! One of them was struggling a little because her heels were hurting her feet (as if that doesn't happen to any girl when they go clubbing), so I suppose they took it from that. We found it hilarious, but it wasn't a big enough reason to not go back there next time. Two thumbs (and toes) way up!
5	Alright....it has been a long long time since my last review and nothing deserves a come back review as much as this place! All I can say is FABULOUS! Just got back yesterday and couldn't wait to write a review of Tryst....still feeling a bit hung over from the long weekend so excuse the run on sentences and thank god for spell check! Anyways.......went there on Saturday night with my favorite party girl friend and we had an absolute blast. We were a bit concerned being a Saturday night in Vegas and arriving without being on "a list" at one of the hottest clubs in Vegas and arriving at midnight but we had no problem getting in. Now we are girls....that didn't have any guys with us so we were in line for about a minute before the bouncers led us around the velvet rope. But there is a line....and for guys it is a LONG LONG LINE with a $30 cover (and I think there is a $20 cover for girls) but well worth the cash and the wait (so says the girl that didn't wait or pay). But beware, there isn't just 1 velvet rope to get through but 3! After the first line we thought we were golden, but then there was another line...and then another! Crazy! Don't know if I would have waited so very happy we didn't! So now you are in....and the waterfall and the club set up is very very cool! Packed but open and airy considering there wasn't much room to move around in. The best part is that the dance floor opens up to the outside area so you aren't feeling claustrophobic .....especially when you are short and can't see over the tops of people's heads! Now about the tables and the drinks.....very cool tables....plan ahead and get table service. Yes it is over $500 a bottle but if you are a bunch of guys that have to pay a cover anyways it is well worth it bc from what I hear, if you have reservations for table service you don't have to wait in line or pay the cover. And keep in mind cocktails and shots are about $16 each. So table service can be cost effective! Regardless be ready to spend....not a cheap night out......especially for guys! On to the crowd.....hot hot hot guys there! Everyone is very friendly and cool and ready to party! We met up with some guys on a bachelor party so they were even more up for shots and having a great time! One slight downside....I sound crazy for even saying it....but wtf with it closing at 5 am and getting kicked out? Hmmmmm....I thought Vegas never closes.....but it was probably a good thing because I don't know if we would have ever left! Now I am reading a lot of reviews that compare Tryst with XS at Encore and I am reviewing that one next but I don't agree! My gf and I and the guys we met at Tryst all went to XS the next night and we all liked Tryst sooo much better! Now maybe because it was a Sunday compared to a Saturday or the fact that we just tired from Friday and Saturday? Who knows but both are great clubs and Wynn definitely knows what he is doing!
3	Loved this place if only the service was better. We arranged for bottle service ahead of time. Got there and got in nice and easy. Great looking place. Beautiful waterfall. We ordered 5 bottles and paid ahead incase everyone got drunk and wondered off. Bad Move. First of all if you play and tip them first they forget about you. Our waitress already got our money and we also tipped $200 on top. She only stopped by 3 times after the bottles came out. There was another waitress that was helping out too. Our Busser was the one that took care of us. We made sure he got drunk and we tipped well. The worst part is after we paid cash, my brother's credit card was returned to him. Later that night he got really drunk and we carried him out. took a taxi back to T. I. Just as we get there the club calls and say we didn't pay. If we don't return his card will be charged. So we carried is dead body back and i went back downstairs into the club to deal with the situation. As I came down to talked to the bar manager. Our Waitress had already explained that we paid cash in the beginning but never relayed that info to the other waitress helping out. She freaked and thought we all left. That was the only thing that pissed me off. Actually when i returned i found my friend sitting in our VIP area all by himself. I had tried to get him to leave with us earlier but he refused and ran off with some random girls. Now he was sitting here all alone and had no ideal we already left. Then he told the bar manager to get out of our area. Having no ideal that this guy works here. So the guy tries and explains himself. My friend is drunk and doesn't understand. The Bar manager gets security and this 6ft 3in monster walks up and says to my friend "If you say another world to this man I will end you" So I stepped in and said ok ok i'm taking him out. You guys fucked up and wasted my time. the Least you can do is show me some respect and back off. Long story short Great Place Gorgeous club. Service sucks. Never gonna get bottle service there again. Would come back but I love Tao Nightclub now. *TIP* Never Pay for your bottles up front. They will forget about you since they already have your money. Collect the money and have one person hold it. Probably the soberest person. Get to know your VIP Rep and let him know if there is a problem. They might be able to compensate if you decide to return.Decor 4 StarsDrinks 3 Stars got bottle service but went to the bar for water and redbull. got 4 bottles of water 1 redbull for 56 dollars damn!!!!!Service 1 Star BewarePrice 3 Stars bottles started at  $475
4	Body - Movin'Body - Showin' Body -Groovin,Stylin' and Bein' Fly. Finally, a club all the girls enjoyed.  Upon entrance, you can't help but to stare at the obnoxious but oh so pretty golden waterfall. (Peep the pix.) The actual dance floor is really small. Most of the club is filled with tables as welll as a lot of standing or dancing room, if you will. So feel free to prance around everywhere. There are 2 bars inside. One on each end of the club.  The bar near the right end is where you will find the dancing/stripper pole. Bathrooms are centrally located within the club.Overall: good music, good crowd, good energy. Note: all the Wynn clubs make me feel like I am partying in someone's mansion living room or den.
5	We really loved this club! The music was great and its an open dance floor with this cool waterfall so you can have all the dance partys all you want and not get too hott.There were tons of single hott men that loved to buy us drinks all night so ladies this is the place to be : )
4	Lets just say... this place is an experience!!! You have to check it out if you're going to Vegas! Water falls, good music and its just plain fun!
5	My favorite night club in Vegas!!! And maybe my favorite club ever!! I have been here twice and both times I had the night of my life! If you go its best to do Bottle Service! You will not be disappointed. They really do treat youy like your VIP here as opposed to other clubs. The staff is really friendly and they really do deserve a big tip.The view here is amazing! They have a waterfall in the club, what else can I say. The music is great too but probably not as good as TAO but I can really compain cause I was dancing the whole night.You have to see Tryst for yourself to really know what I am talking about.
5	Gorgeous waterfall: checkBeautiful bartenders: checkThree-hour line cut thanks to a super awesome promoter: check$3,000+ bottle service: checkTrying to carry drunk frat boys out at 3 in the morning: definitely priceless.I like the layout of Tryst.  There's the outdoors area with the waterfall, and the dance floor with tables and the bar all around.Not sure why guys think it's OK to pull your hair to try to get your attention there, though.  Definitely worked against you.
5	came back here again this past friday night and it was dope once again. i was a little nervous cuz i didnt have any connections till the last minute (as far as not waiting in line, no cover etc.) but alas i found one and she came thru big time. my group walked right in no wait no cover. we were already liquored up (fat tuesdays holla!) so we didnt have to open a small loan at the bar. i really like this club alot cuz its really amazing to look at and its has a little bit more chill vibe than other vegas clubs (im talking to you The Bank and Pure). next time i go ill go check out XS at the Encore, but you cannot go wrong with Tryst
5	Tryst truly takes the lead at the top of the list as the sexiest nightclub that I've ever been to.Costly as it may be, you cannot count your coins spent against Tryst.  Beautiful girls coupled by beautiful surroundings and swimming pools capable of musing the most cautious of conservative to take a chance and take the plunge.
3	I have to agree with Sara G. So mixed feeling about this place.Do not get me wrong I liked the place overall, but little details that make a huge deal for me:-if you don't have a table......do you have to stand all night? No place to sit at all. Zero, Nada.-The girl at the door was very rude, feeling really important with her clipboard, walking around looking over people, pointing you can enter and you have to wait. (I live in LA and that happens a lot, but with a line of 5 people??? Come on!!)Music I can't say much, I go to places only with electronic, house music, so I can't have an opinion here ( I know the music wasn't going to be my element but I wanted to go to the famous Tryst)On a side note I never in my life felt so out of place, I felt so unsexy. Not like I think or I feel "the bomb" but well you know, you have your days. The point is every single girl; (not lying) had big boobs tight dress. I felt like a giraffe super unsexy, hiding my little "girls", feeling super tall, I do not know, first time I feel that way in a nightclub. Totally the uncool kid of the class. I go out like millions times here in Los Angeles and never felt that way.Anyway sorry for my crappy English (is not my mother tongue).Will go again soon and will make an update (totally a push up bra!!!)
4	I'm not a fan of house music so that saturday nite I went was all about house music! I do like how pretty the waterfall was and how the lay out was good n spacious but it was small...not as big as TAO that's for sure. once again I got in without waiting in line or paying =) its great being a girl in vegas...I do notice the guys are hotter in Tryst but I was not feeling the music at all so I left pretty early. maybe I'll enjoy it more if it was hiphop nite or something...
4	Since I [finally] wrote my review on the buffet at Wynn, here's my review for what happened after at Tryst. Tryst is beautiful. The waterfall inside is a breathtaking sight when you first walk in (especially if it's not packed and it does get PACKED).The drinks were strong and all made by beautiful bartenders. The bouncers were even pretty damn nice. All in all it was an amazing night. I think the only downside is that I would've enjoyed more seating (which wasn't closed off for table service) because when it gets packed like that, sometimes sitting is much needed (when in killer heels). :PP.S. Don't fall down drunk the many stairs it takes to get down to Tryst.
4	Tryst is still a great club even though the bouncer made us pay cover this past weekend because i forgot to put my name on the guestlist and because the guy/girl ratio was wayyy off. he managed to get us to the front of the line so we didn't have to wait atleast! anyways, tryst is still as beautiful as ever and there are lots of different places to chill if you decide you don't want to dance. we were only here for a few hours and i didn't get to dance that much but the music was great. was too drunk to notice the crowd but that didn't matter much. really easy to get drinks. bathrooms are fairly clean. security guards were really polite and respectful which is something i appreciate...hate bouncers that think they're badassi also really LOVE that it doesn't get stuffy or hot or nasty in there...theres a lotta cool/fresh air going through that club one of my girl friends threw up a few times in the really pretty waterfall (yah im really glad i wasnt there to witness that)...luckily she didn't get kicked out.  my guy friend however was asked to leave for spitting in a cup a few times... hahaha bummer.sucks to be a male.. at a club.
5	TRYST is by far my FAVOOOOOORITE club! I love how everything is so over the top... and tryst does JUST THAT.  a freakin WATERFALL in the club.. and it's not one of those dinky little ones that flows rotten water... it is GRAND, BIG, and FRESH. I spent my 21st there, and i've been going there each time i go to vegas.  the vibe is great, music is fun, drinks are GOOD AND STRONG, and the whole club is just CLEAN CLEAN CLEAN.  no stickiness, no sweatiness, no humidity/mustiness.  you feel so good when youre in there and feel even better when you step out at 4. it DOES get packed, but it's not the disgusting TAO packed where you have the other person's sweat all over you.  ohhhh how i miss vegas..... ohhh HOW I MISS TRYST! just a CLASSY CLASSY PLACE.
5	Steve Wynn, I worship thee.  Tryst is one of the absolute best nightclubs in Las Vegas.And what makes it so great?  The VIBE.  Everyone's in a great mood, I always have a great time, and I always meet a TON of guys here.  And they're hot.Girls, this is the best place to be if you're single.  All you have to do is make eye contact with a guy and he pulls you into his booth and starts pouring you drinks.  Getting bored?  Get up, circle the room, make eye contact and get pulled into ANOTHER booth.If you're looking to make out with a few randos, I mean, look no further.I think the layout is what makes Tryst and XS so great -- it's natural and pathways are curved alongside the tables and booths.  This keeps some kind of fluidity in the club, which gives it a great vibe!And the WATERFALL!  The club opening onto the waterfall is such a welcome respite from indoor clubs that get a bit stuffy.  It smells so GOOOOOD.In conclusion, TRYST IS A BLAST!  You won't regret a night there.And also -- BEST BATHROOMS IN LAS VEGAS.  I could hang out in that bathroom all night!
4	I went here when the club first opened and wow it set a new standard. The bouncers (and pretty much everyone who works at the Wynn) are nice and real with you. The layout is way nice except the dancefloor is way small. The outside is beautiful but it sucks if it's winter and it's cold outside. If you can, get a table here it will greatly increase your chances of having a great night.
4	This club is plucked straight out of Europe!  PROS:  The decor is the best I've ever seen in the club.  Even the bathroom was off the chain.  Good looking people, great club, unlike anything I've ever seen.  The VIP hosts are so sexy and delicious!  THEY HONOR THE FREE PASSES EVEN ON A SATURDAY NIGHT!  THIS IS ONE OF THE SICKEST CLUBS IN VEGAS HANDS DOWN!  With the exception of AVERAGE MEN WITH MONEY,  Eventually, they will pull you out of line and let you in, if you are worthy of the "catwalk"  (The walk from your point in line...to the entrance...when everyone is watching you because they are mad you are in and they are still in line)  If you have fat pockets, you do not have to stand in this line for an extended period of time. CONS:  BOTTLE SERVICE IS A MINIMUM OF 500 DOLLARS!  Gratuity NOT INCLUDED!  We ended up getting a table because our feet hurt.  It was a liltte tea table with stools stuck in between to real tables.  The people on both sides of us were celebrating a bachelor party and a birthday...GOOD TIMES!@!@!@!@!@!@   But by the end of the night, we were pouring our own drinks.  THE MUSIC WAS PHUCKIN HORRIBLE UP UNTIL 1 AM!!!!!!!!!!!!!  HOOOOORRRRRRRRRRRRRIIIIIBBBBBBLLLLLLLEEEEEEEE!!  I WAS SOOOOOO MAD!!!!!!!!!  I wanted to lay down on the couch and go to sleep. If it wasnt so hard to get into this club after 11, I would say don't come until 1 am.  But, if you want to get in...you better be there early.   Make sure you are good and drunk so you can stand the MOST HORRENDOUS MUSIC SELECTION IN THE GALAXY UNTIL THE GOOD MUSIC STARTS!!!  I promise you that you will SLIT YOUR WRISTS IF YOU ARE AT ALL COHERENT!  Bottom line:  Tryst is one of the hottest clubs in Vegas, NO THANKS TO THE DJ OR HALF OF THE PEOPLE IN THERE.  Half the crowd is young, sexy, and hip.  The other half  with their questionable selections in fashion would give their right arm and left testicle/left boob to be sexy and hip. I couldn't believe that some of those people got through the front door.  The reputation for being the best club in Vegas draws all ends of the spectrum from geek to chic.  Tryst does not disappoint and is a must do in Vegas.  HOWEVERRRRRRRR....I HAD MORE FUN AT GHOSTBAR on Wednesday (Thanks to the SEXIEST EUROPEANS ON EARTH) AND Poetry on Saturday!  But, I love Tryst after 1am.
3	A real nice club to party at but the bottle service is not worth it. What is so VIP when the bouncers let in random girls to dance on the pole. If we are paying over $1000 I do not want to see some random beezy a pole in the VIP Area. One of them I swear was a stripper, climbing the poles doing splits and everything.Another than that I had a good time, kind of nice to feel like a celeb for a night in your own booth.
4	I went to Tryst on a Friday night, around 10:00. The place was kind of quiet, but I was content with just looking at the gorgeous waterfall and foliage in the back porch. Breathtaking! Tryst has a clubby-lounge-like feel to it. However, I think they only do bottle service, so get ready to NOT sit down.The drinks are very strong. I think all the bartenders/waitresses have implants and show them off in low-cut tops. The go-go dancers weren't that impressive, but then again you don't really go to a club to watch them. As it got later, the place started to get packed. The dance floor was packed. The music and remixes were top-40, popular R&B and hip hop and techno. Definitely got me in the dancing mood.
4	A waterfall in a club? Sure why not :DYou go to the Wynn and walk right up to the bouncers, ask how long the wait is, ask nicely "can you get us in please? we are here for a friend's birthdays." they say "sure, wait here for one second." and BAM! hahaha thats how its done! :DJust be nice and friendly to the bouncers, a lil flirting helps too, hehe and o most importantly BEING A GIRL!... or you're a guy with money. So we walk in, its fairly dark, don't worry and it's crowded, again don't freak out. It has a nice waterfall in the back outside, with tons of tables, those who have bottle service, but plenty of seating for those who just want to rest your feet. They have a few bars floating around. They have a stripper pole that some of my friends enjoyed! LOL They have a somewhat small, crowded dance floor. You can dance inside or partly outside. Makes more sense when you get there. And again theres the outside where you can get some fresh air. Expensive yeah no doubt, but it's Vegas after all. I suggest hiting this place around 10 and no later. Unless again you are a good looking grp of girls, always helps, then no matter what time you'll get in. We stayed until this place closed! 4 am I think? On a Thurs night. That's how you do it in LV.The drinks are nice and strong. I got one drink for about $15 I think. Ehhh damn it! hahaha The music was good, techno, mashups, some hip hop here and there and pop.The crowd was decent. Guys in more ways than one, not as sleezy. Unless we got lucky. Super nice guys invited us to their table for some drinks, no strings attached. Then one guy bought all my friends and I drinks. Thanks to the help of my friendly friend. Overall, definitely come here, its fun, nice view, decor, good drinks and very nice bouncers.
5	Verrryyy nice, I must say... nothing beat Vegas nightlife.. and decor.  I remembered when this club was called La Bete and it was friggin uglieee....  the whole set up of the place back then, but under renovations.... it turned out very tasteful.  They utilize the space of the club very well, show casing the waterfall in the middle.  Although I must admit since it is located within the Wynn, on certain nights when its packed, the bouncers are dicks.
5	I'm upgrading Tryst to 5 stars.  This is my favorite place to go in Vegas.  The crowd is fun, the atmosphere is classy, and the view is amazing.  I love how you can dance both inside and outside...right next to the waterfall and pool.  The bouncers were pretty nice...our feet started to hurt and they let us sit at a table/booth since no one was using it at the time.  There have been several clubs that wouldn't even let us sit down even though the tables were empty.  Another HUGE plus:  The women's restroom NEVER had a line and was always clean.  :)   Simply...amazing!
5	We had the bottle service at this club and we got seated right next to the waterfall which was kinda like a dead end so it was sorta neat to have the area to ourselves, the only people that would be around there would be our own friends. The music at this club was better than XS and the crowd seem more fun as well! XS was the new club hot spot when we visited but other than the view, the pool and the casino on the side of the pool, there wasn't too much to appreciate. The waterfall at Tryst is lovely and creates a very tropical ambiance to the place. There were poles everywhere for people to show off their stripper skills. This club wasn't as big so you can't really wander around like XS but I enjoyed this club more. OH! and also if you were to come here....remember to NEVER TIP ANYONE OTHER THAN THE CLUB which would be on the bill/check that you get..and not anybody else who claims to "helped" you get inside because he/she are con artists trying to scam you and the club..but other than that I would come back to Tryst no if's, and's, or but's! P.S. there is a hottie server guy that took pictures with us! wooooooooo
4	I LOVE the waterfall.  It's so pretty.  The crowd was OK, but the dance floor is way too small.  Also, all the tables made it difficult to get around, mingle, etc.  It felt more like a bar than a club, if that's possible with gogo dancers, the stripper pole, and the decor.  But, with a group of 3 women we got in free and had a fantastic time helping ourself to other's table service :)
2	It is thursday, march 26, 2009 and I am currently at Tryst sitting on the side with my friend who is a girl, next to the left gogo dance, and it is 1:31am. I have a couple things I want to say that I am noticing at this elite nightclub in the whynn. So here the lowdown on attire:if you are a muscle head with a tight graphic tee from express men.... You're in.If you have oversized watches, huge rings, a new era hat, supra high top SNEAKERS, you're in.If you're a girl looking to get pounded by sleazy middle aged wealthy men, you're in.But you know what, these type of "people" have connections.I feel like i'm back in an 18 and up club serving alcohol with the "cool fellas" on the sideline watching the  groups of lionesses doing their thing on the floor. Hm like an elementary garage party hosted by the parents.Yea, i'm hating right now... Because we got in for free as well. Thanks clubzone.comThe dj is good... The bartenders are nice, well at least mine, melinda?? Tall blonde?? Props for handling a so-called "elite" crowd like this.BTW, i'm a fresh 21yo since February, haven't experienced too many clubs. Probably don't know any better, but I do know when I want to dance, and here at Tryst, sorry, i'll have to be quite buzzed to come back in again for free.Hope this helped.
4	ONE OF MY FAVORITE CLUBS IN VEGAS!!!Although I did not get to go to this club the last time I was in Vegas (just last weekend since we decided to check out XS instead), I still gotta show love for this club since I've always had a good time here.Like the music, vibe, and environment. It's a very classy club with most of the seating reserved for the VIP table service. Love the waterfall outdoor area if you want to get fresh air. The crowd is diverse and most people are usually friendly.The only thing I don't' t like about this place was the attitude of the bouncers. They basically pick out who they want to come in (don't know if it's a power trip or their given directions from the managment). So girls I suggest dress to impress.  It is probably alot easier if you go with a group of all girls. It does get super packed here.
5	We went again this past weekend, and nothing's changed, it's still the best damn club on the strip. You won't regret it, I know I don't! =)
5	This is one of the best clubs I've ever been to in Vegas. 5 stars for sure! I got on the guestlist so all the ladies got in for free and unfortunately the boys had to pay $30 each, but we ended up splitting it between everyone so it wasn't too bad. I don't think Tryst ever lets men in for free. The first thing you notice when you walk in is the GORGEOUS waterfall. That waterfall just makes this place what it is. It's fucking amazing. The music started off to be a little slow but it started to pick up and we had a bomb ass time. I love it because I was actually able to walk through the club without feeling like I was getting butt raped squeezing through the crowd. I don't know how expensive the drinks are because my friends were buying me drinks all night for my birthday, but you shouldn't expect great drink deals at any club in Vegas unless there's a promotion for ladies. LOVE this place! Definitely going back and definitely going to their sister club, XS.
5	During CES 2009, I stayed at the Wynn, and I was happy to find out Tryst was inside the hotel (since I've heard so many good things about it)...and they were right.First of all, I was with a group of 10 or 12.  We bought table service and the hostess put us right in front of the waterfall -- absolutely beautiful.  The music and the people were awesome.. Next time I'm in Vegas I will try to stay at the Wynn, but I will definitely come back to Tryst.
3	First stop on the Vegas club circuit- 6 girls. Gotta love the connections you make on Yelp, because we were on the guestlist. Got to skip the line and watch as both girls and boys gave us jealous looks. Wow, the place is huge, and the waterfall is awesome. The bar was easy to get to which was equally awesome, and we did not have to compete with a million other people for drinks.One question though- is it a requirement for 1. The bartenders to be girls, and 2. For them to have fake boobs? Not that I'm judging, just an observation. And here is another question- why can't there be hot GoGo Dancing men? Total discrimination, guys can shake it too!My all time favorite part of Tryst besides the waterfall is that there was never a line in the girls bathroom. Tryst Management, what are you doing right, and can you please teach every other bar and club in the world how to manage a girl's bathroom line so well? Amazing.The music was also pretty good, whole lot of people dancing, to the point of claustrophobia- really not much space. And I am convinced that there were a group of ProPro's/Strippers/Something along those lines at a private table. Again, not that I am judging, just kind of weird to see. New York certainly is not this wild. I wasn't a big fan of the crowd, but the space itself was awesome.
4	My youth is over.  S'allright as a dance club but sooooo many young people a little tooooo happy bumping and grinding on anything making me realize that that phase of my life is gone gone gone.  On the other hand, having a committed relationship does have its perks.  The waterfall is really lovely and the dancing golden girls are fun to watch....
5	This club was HOT HOT HOT!  Dont be intimidated by the line..it *does* move.  We ended up here on a Thursday night by accident (completely unplanned Vegas trip), totally underdressed but went anyway. Girls, just FYI, dress to the nines if you go, makes it easier to skip the line! Werent on any list unfortunately (didnt realize we were going to end up clubbing that night!), so had to pay full cover AND stand in line for a 1/2 hour (we got there at 11:30 so it wasnt horribly bad) but it was well worth it! Drinks are super expensive, but they pour heavy and the bartenders are fast.  Placed is packed of course...music and decor is off the hinges...danced well into the night...left at 3 a.m. and there was STILL people waiting in line...then headed off to Seamless, which is a whole 'nother review ;)
4	I like XS better.
5	Yes. 5 stars. It has happened. Went for my cousin's bachelorette, we got waived in for free thanks to one of the bridesmaid's hookups, but even if lowly me had been forced to wait in line (due to my lack of connections and bold faced snobbery) I would've loved this place. Way way better than pure or tao...I'm guessing in winter it's not open, but in April the main dance floor opens up onto the veranda overlooking the 3 story waterfall, so plenty of ventilation and even a little outdoor dancing...yeaaa. There are cabanas all along the front of the wide u shaped club outside, on the left facing out another cabana vip area, and then on the right facing out inside, another small bar. The bars weren't too $$ considering vegas and the bartenders were polite, as well as the other staff. Crowd was good, lots and lots of booths, with people dancing there, not just on the main dancefloor. The music was good for a vegas club, club-house mixed with edgy top 40, very girlie but good djing too (and you want the girls to dance right?) Anyhow, this place was off the hook, and I must admit it's the standard to which other club-clubs shall now be compared...oooo the waterfall!
4	Good venue with plenty of tables for bottle service for groups. Bartenders are legit...strong, good tasting drinks, served up by attentive/attractive mixologists. Solid DJs spinning the best club/dance jams; the crowd was diverse as well, not the weirdo set, or super-drunk JV team that frequents many Vegas spots. The place had an upscale vibe without the pretense. Groups should get a table/VIP host, because the line is horrendous.
4	Great place for fun, dancing, and a nice waterfall view. Good sized dance floor but in all honesty...you could just dance wherever you please! It was my 2nd time at this place and it was just as fun as the first. I went with 3 other gals and the man with the clipboard let us get in without waiting in line although we did get charged the $20 cover. Ladies, hold on to the hand rails while walking down the steps! They do seem extra steep in a pair of 4" stilettos. The music was good and the vip areas are welcoming (especially the ones by the waterfalls). Drink prices are expensive but that is expected since it is Vegas. All in all, I had a great time at this place (as I did the last time we visited).
4	This venue is absolutely beautiful and the music was great. The crowd is very good looking and surprising friendly. I thought it was a great place to have a celebration of any sort. Each time I went, I either had bottle service or went with some athlete so there was no wait. However, I did notice the outragous lines, and heard that cover was a $40 cover.
4	I've been to Tryst a few times on my frequent trips to Vegas with the boyfriend. It was a nice atmosphere, as everyone has heard of the famous waterfall in the patio area which overlooks the club from all angles. The bottle service is not bad from what I remember. I like the outdoor setting too and that it's all one floor so it's convenient. I don't like it when you have to go upstairs or downstairs in clubs. I like things all one level. Overall, the usual Vegas vibe of skanks but that's nothing new lol... That's VEGAS for you!
3	Went here on Friday night and was amazed by the beauty of this club. You feel super VIP getting your groove on here surrounded by all of its luxury. All the people were cool- hot women and handsome men. Didn't wait in line or pay to get in. Didn't drink either (maybe the minus star for my sobriety).
4	The waterfall and open terrace make dancing all night so easy. It is so refreshing to go to a club that is so open and breaths. The view is so beautiful. The bouncers are not the best, took forever to look at our ids. Drinks were typical price of vegas. Dj was good. pick a couple really random songs but its not a big deal. If you stay late in to the morning, the crowd of guys are like vultures. Just watching girls dance and waiting to prey. Was kind of awkward having to fend off guys who just didn't get the answer no. But I have been at other times when that has not been an issue.
4	Be on the guestlist first and for-most!!!! Tryst was a cool club. I come here more for the scenery then to actually party it up. It's a place I like to go to to wind down the night. The bouncers are kinda assholes but w/e. The 3 story waterfall is a sight to see. I love dancing out on the patio by it. It doesn't get to hot. The drinks are pricy and so is the cover. Lines at the bathrooms but their pretty cool, especially when your tipsy haha. The Dj was average, not to bad. The only thing i don't like about this club is the crowd. Guys were really annoying and aggressive. Other than that you should check it out. It's defiantly a club you should check our at least once. It's a gorgeous club.
3	I've been going to Tryst for quite some time now, but after this past weekend, I don't think I'll be going back there anytime soon again if ever.  Basically for 2 reasons I think.  One...we got bottle service through the usual guy we normally book with.  His name is Patrick Frank, but this time he was being a little shady with our group by charging a $200 seating fee in order for us to get a table in the main room.  I've booked bottle service several times at Tryst already with Patrick and we've never had to pay for a seating fee before.  What makes it even worse, adding insult to injury, is that the table we got this past weekend was the EXACT same table we've had before WITHOUT the seating fee.  My friend was the one who booked the table and I think Patrick knew she was new  to booking tables so he basically took advantage of the situation.  And to top it off, our group consisted mainly of women!He had her pay him in cash $200 right when we arrived and asked her quietly when she arrived "Remember the deal we had about getting the table in the main room?"  and basically asking her for his $200 seating fee up front.  Gee, I wonder if Tryst saw any part of that $200 seating fee?  So as a result he lost a very loyal customer of Tryst who usually buys at the very bare minimum 3 to 4 bottles at a time whenever I go there.  I understand times are tough and people will do whatever to make a buck, but don't bite the hand that feeds you!So my second reason why I think this was my last time to Tryst was because Encore has a new club that opened called XS.  If you like Tryst, you will LOVE XS!  We went there the Friday night before we went to Tryst.  As someone put it, XS is like Tryst on Steroids!  Since this is not an XS review, I'm gonna stop there.  But if any of you guys plan on getting bottle service at Tryst or any club for that matter, don't pay any table or seating fees.  If they tell you there is a seating fee or table fee, tell them to take a flying leap and go elsewhere or find another host to help you!
3	Went here last Saturday with a bachelorette party.I want to like this place more.  As pointed out elsewhere: awesome waterfall just outside the actual club, beyond the terrace which adds some much-needed-cool air.  And maybe I'm aging, ugh.*  But dancing with some girl's sweaty back all up on me is disgusting.  And bows thrown out like it's in style was *horrible* -- and not even from dancing, just from people trying to elbow their way through the (must-have-been-violating-fire-code-regulations-) crowd.  The dancers each on their stage were fun to watch -- but I think dancers are a given now.  My friends didn't dig the music, but I thought it was pretty easy to move to -- definitely a mix, but what of, I can't say.Cool interior (upholstered walls in red velvet, I think), but... that's not enough to save a club.  Maybe I am getting old, since I + my girls totally could have used a place to sit, but it seems like there weren't any places but for table service.  And for sure I'm glad this was part of our girls' night package, since we got "zipped" through the VIP line, rather than standing in line for just this -- but even "zipping" took a little longer than I expected.Overall: pretty good experience, not likely to be repeated (esp with a large group) unless we go on an off night.  Maybe.*And you know, I say I'm aging, but gosh darn it, I'm 27, and how is that old already?  But if that helps you -- say, if you're a young thing, you really might enjoy this place, since I'd say most everyone around me was under 25.  Except for some scaries, but you know there are some people out there who won't let go of their youth.  Please don't tell me that's me, or I'll have to hurt you.
2	There's sincerely too much hype to this! You are better going to the RIO and getting awesome views and in expensive drinks from their "VooDoo" lounge at the top of the building!
1	this review is solely based on the way the line is managed at Tryst...UGH...UGH...UGHHHHHHHH!!!heard so much about this place and TRIED to give it a try...  was here for xmas and new years 09 and figured it was the time for a tryst.  got all dolled up and headed over to hop in line..which felt like a mile long!  oh, that's because it WAS a mile long, and this was early - like 10:30!   the friggin line did NOT move AT ALL for more than an hour .....  i tried to maneuver over to the rope on the left to see if I could bat my eyelashes at a bouncer so I could get in faster, to no avail.  Maybe this is because I still had my overcoat on (as it was winter, I am not one to walk all the way from PH with bare arms) but WTF they don't even have a separate girls only line?  What's the point of having a pass if you can't even use the effin thing, or get someone's attention to tell them you're trying to use one.  Since I was by myself and its a lot harder to attract the attention of bouncers with one hot girl as opposed to 10 hot girls, I finally gave up and went to the craps tables.I would love to get in there and see this fancy waterfall they got goin on, but I'm not going to stand around like an idiot for the privilege of spending MY money and standing around aimlessly in a club.  I'm good on that.  Not even sure if I would try to go here again since the Wynn is not located in a spot that I feel like walking to or taxiing from, and they obviously don't value their customers' time or opinion.
4	After getting it down on the dance floor, refresh your hot skin by stepping onto the outdoor patio and allowing the squirts of mist from the waterfall cool you down.  Pure bliss!!This review is really for those, just like me, who simply DON'T DO LINES!  And I'm not talking cola lines either.. I'm talking those hour long waits where guys promise to buy you a drink if you allow them to perform the "I'm with her" trick.I have yet to barge my way through the crowd, or stand in line at the bar, so I truly can't write a review based on that experience.Each and every time we are fortunate enough to be accompanied by our very own body guard, who bypasses the door guys, has the best table waiting for us, escorts us to the front of the line in the powder room (sorry girls), and keeps a 6 foot radius clear around our secluded area..yay for bodyguards!!  The table service in this place is phenomenal!  The wait staff are exceptionally nice and attentive. Your glass will never go empty!  And the little details like a chilled bowl of strawberries to accompany your glass of bubbly make all the difference.And if you unfortunately have to wait in line, be sure you're dressed to impress with an attitude that shouts - you'd be lost without me!  And once you get in, gravitate towards the tables that are surrounded only by guys...you never  know, they may invite you in ;-)
5	They sure know how to take care of the ladies here and I love them for that  :)
5	Great music!!  Line was long, but bouncer let us skip!  (easy to do in Vegas!)  Had no problem getting drinks or table.  Crowd was good.
5	Beautiful club with great music and scenery. Easy to skip the line if you're a girl here, too. Easily one of my favorite Vegas nightspots.
4	Tryst is beautiful especially the back patio. But I expected the dance floor to be way bigger. Tryst doesn't have multiple rooms like other clubs in Vegas so it's easier to find your friends. For all the single hot men out there, a lot of single ladies come out to Tryst! - J
4	Not that my writing a review here will make a huge difference but I came, I danced and I went home in search of food. We got there at 11 pm on a friday night and my friend Lauren was inside already (after she had waited 2 hours!!) She handed us 'free' passes including one for Dean! which is rare 'cause it usually is only for the ladies.  (You can usually find these passes all over the host hotel if you ask at the restaurants or find one of those booths where you simultaneously give fake names / email addresses for mailing lists. )What's the catch?  They needed to be used before midnight and we were not getting out of that line before Cinderella's shoes, pumpkin whatever. So Lauren asked the guy if we could come in and... "You three?" He pointed at us and we nodded.  "Just you three?"and the velvet rope cometh off!!!  Lesson learned.. it doesn't hurt to ask in Vegas. BTW -- my drinks were WEAK.  Spent $150 in drinks between 4 of us and no effect.  I would stick to beer / wine / shots.. also pre drinking is never a bad thing but we had gone straight to Vegas after getting off work and such. Also .. friday night there was a lot of 'house' music and I'm more of a top 40's person.  But good news for the ladies....  I do like not waiting in line for the restroom and I never had to at TrystYes it is true.
2	With no real plans for a saturday night we took our chances at the Wynn/Encore. We first stopped by XS and saw that even the table service line was long so we headed over and see how tryst was.The line didn't seem that long, so we got in. The line, is less of an orderly line, but more a lineup where the hosts can look you up and down to see if are worthy enough of getting in. There were two girls, and three guys in our group, and of course all complete girl groups got in instantly, and couples got in before us, and until we started looking really bored did they let us in (30 mins later). I did feel bad for the group of like 12 guys in the very front of the line who probably had to wait another 30 minutes before they got in.We straddled up to the bar easily and ordered 4 jager bombs for $60(!!), and eventually got served 4 shots of tequila on the dance floor for i think $40. I ended the night by ordering a beer ($10) just to help out my thirst.Tryst is basically filled with XS rejects, as half the people in the club were either older (sugar daddies, cougars) or not the typical person you think going to a club (really fat, ok i said it).
4	I'm probably one of the last people to review a high end night club since I usually despise these places but I actually had a good time here. I was here last week for a work function and we ended up getting a table for about 20 off us. Yeah it's way too expensive for what you get but I love VIP table service. You never have to worry about getting a drink, if you need a break you have a place to chill and you have a server that is there to get whatever you want. Anyway the club it self was amazing. Everything you would expect from a night club in the Wynn. The waterfall, the women and the decor were beautiful. The service from our VIP attended was very friendly and she wasn't that bad to look at either. Some of the negative aspects about Tryst. This place is crazy expensive. I think the normal cover is $50 to get in. Since we did table service we had to order 7 bottles of booze for 20 people. I didn't really check the price but from what I heard from everyone was that a bottle of Grey Goose was about $550. Luckily someone else was picking up the tab because I almost shit a chicken when I heard that.  I don't think I would be coming back (well to any Vegas night club for that matter) unless we are doing table service and someone else is paying.
3	Tryst is one of the hottest nightclubs in Vegas. It's definitely a lot of fun, but it is really over priced. There were 4 girls in my group. And like any other club, we got to cut in front of all the guys. This place is gorgeous. There's a lobby area full of candles, but then, there's the stairs we had to walk down. My heels don't agree with stairs. Anyway... you walk downstairs and there's another line. There's a $20 cover to get in. That's pretty steep and I've never had to pay that much before. Whatever... it's Vegas right. We walk in and immediately hit up the bar. Drinks are strong... but mighty expensive. My long island set me back $16, vodka cranberry $14, and nuts and berries $14. This place is packed with people. There are tables available for bottle service and there are private cabanas outside next to the 90 foot waterfall. This has to be the nicest club I've been to. I would definitely recommend getting on the guest list. The cover is charge by the discretion of the bouncer even if you have a free pass, which you can get at the concierge desk at your hotel. So ladies... dress to impress.
5	Came as part of a V-VIP entourage. FUCKING AWESOME. We thought it was a little bit more fun than XS, but just as nice. The waterfall was beautiful. After all the bottles of Belvy and Ace of Spades, I nearly wanted to jump in to the pool.The hosts as usual took care of us 110% and I highly recommend this place to anyone that wants a high class place to relax and kick back. Best of all, our host kept bringing more and more fine ladies to our table. Our bodyguard actually had to kick a few out for getting in the way of our own dancing.I cannot comment on the GA because we rolled up with a group of 7 guys and had absolutely no problem entering. Probably not a normal experience.I forgot to mention I took shots of Patron with Too Short! Only in vegas
4	The boyfriend and I decided to stop by since we were staying in the hotel. Be sure to get on the guestlist because, even if you have to wait in the general line, chances are, you'll get in faster. We only had to wait 5 minutes before we got to cut since we were on the guestlist. The venue is really pretty and there's an outdoor area with a view of the waterfall (apparently everything in the Wynn has a waterfall view). It's a lot smaller than I expected but I guess that's what makes it more exclusive? Too bad XS is now the hot new club, which bumps this down one notch but otherwise, I still think it's nice. Drinks weren't really strong, which is good for a lightweight like me, not good for those wanna get wasted without breaking their wallet.
5	one of the best club/lounges I have seen, pretty neat decoration plus the waterfall view is awesome!   Beautiful people line up here for entry as well. Though given my price value evaluation, I'm still reluctant to pay the cover, but you can definitely score lady's free passes if you look around.
5	Lets start by reviewing the staff.  The people who work the club are very friendly. The cover charge was not bad, it was only $20, I say only 20 considering some the clubs in San Jose charge $15, so we thought it was reasonable.  The place: the club is really nice.  The dance floor is kind of small, but you can get in and dance a few songs.  We lucked out, some of our guy friends had  bottle service so I couldn't really say if the drinks were expensive or not, but we were seated right by the water fall, needless yo say we had an amazing view.  Over all the place is nice, good music too!  It was very mixed and pleases everyone.
5	I am totally not into the club scene but.. I LOVE THIS CLUB!!!WOW! I had such an amazing time here :) :) ;) ;)After my HORRIBLE experience at Tao Friday night, this was so refreshing! They have an outdoor dance area, nice lighting, couches to lounge on (even if you didn't get bottle service you are allowed to sit!)The drinks are expensive like $15 a pop and cover is $20. If you walk around the strip there are guys handing out free passes before 12:30. I had that but I got in around 1am ;PFrom 12:30-5am I danced and met people and just had an amazing time. Time flew by here! I am so thankful I found this amazing club!
4	Had a great time at Tryst. Escorted to our table with no wait in line. (we made reservations a few days before #recommended). Single bottle service was perfect for the four of us. The music was surprisingly good ... Remixes of 1-2 min of pop / hip-hop songs. Great vibe. Would definitely go back on my next trip. In fact, I'm staying at the Wynn on my next trip without a doubt.
5	So far, my favorite club in Vegas!  We got there at opening time on Friday night and had a blast until 3am!  The crowd was fun and friendly, and the waterfall was beautiful (nice and cool outside when you need to take a breather from dancing).  We could also rest our poor high-heeled feet in the unoccupied booths before the reserved group arrived, which was very nice and much appreciated (my feet took quite a beating during this vacation).  Bartenders were efficient and friendly, and it wasn't too crowded (unlike the clusterf*ck that was Tao the night before).  There was even a table throwing dollar bills out onto the dance floor around 2ish...why?  I don't ask questions, I just collect the fallen $$ :)
4	3.5 stars.Definitely for high rollers. There is no way you'll get in here at a reasonable time unless you have bottle service or you call a promoter and have him walk you up to the front. If you have boys in your party, be ready to pay $50 for each of them (Vegas really isn't the place to bring boys anyway). I guess I could understand why they would charge boys so much because when we got inside, the girl to guy ratio was pretty high. Crowd is definitely a little older here as we saw a good number of cougars on the prowl (rawr!). Waterfall and outside part was nice especially when compared to the crazy packed/stuffiness of Tao, but definitely not as open as XS.
4	The music could use a little bit of improvements, however the overall club experience was nothing short of amazing, with the waterfall and the outside area.Knowing that the ratio was against us, we got in line early (read: 1030) and got in by 11.  And no one had to fork out $50 either.  The real cash cow was the bar - one round of shots can set you back $120, so after the sixth or seventh round, in my drunken haze, I mentally fumbled with the math and realized, to my horror, that we might as well get a bottle service and a VIP treatment to boot.
5	Coming from San Francisco, where the club life is dismal and not enjoyable, my first reaction to Tryst was, "wow, what a fantastic club." It's open and spacious, spanning out on both sides with luscious and cushy booths. In the middle is an ample dance floor with an open outside area right off of it overlooking waterfalls. It was love at first lush. An old friend of mine works as a bouncer here and he was so gracious, sweeping us right in, giving us a tour and a first round of drinks. The night went on and I drank and danced and drank and danced; I managed to maintain a little dignity by staying away from the stripper pole (I was so tempted). Everyone seems to compare Tryst to XS; I know why people tend to favor XS but I can honestly say that I enjoyed my time at Tryst more. I like the fact that Tryst was a tad more intimate feeling and that I could actually dance on the dance floor. Just like at XS, you must get here EARLY if you don't want to wait in a massive line. Either way, though, line or not, you won't be disappointed.
3	The place was nice but I'm not really a big fan... besides from my feet hurting from wearing heels, the music was ehh,  just not too hip hop enough..... plus, most drinks are $12, which is expected at a club in Vegas, but 2 shots of Purple Hooters for $32? I almost fell out!  On the plus side, my girl friends and I got in free...  those promoter dudes on the streets hooked it up.... I also didn't like it so much cuz there's a bunch of sleazy guys grabbing on to girls and trying to holler.. agh, I guess its expected.
4	The sister club of XS. More like the sister of the prom queen, she is also hot but not as popular. The best part about this place is that the dance floor opens up to the outside overlooking a 30 foot waterfall. Awesome during the winter months because you can dance to your heart's desire without dying of heat. It is a great club. The music is a little bit different from XS but still good. Between the two, you are guaranteed to have a great time.
4	it's pretty baller inside, at least by my standards and apparently john mayer and rampage jackson's as well. 30 bucks for dudes and cheap/weak drinks aside it's spacious and well ventilated and there's a goddamn waterfall in the club.the music is reflective of the crowd, u got a lot of college or just graduated folks and a bunch of middle aged-late 40's folks so the songs are either top 40 hip hop or r&b/disco in no particular order. that being said you can kind of dance to it...anyways if u can get comp and pregame enough it's pretty nice inside
3	Beautiful club, beautiful tables, dance floor, waterfall, everything. Too bad the music sucked. Everything was trance, even the hip hop song. That was a huge factor for me so I took off two stars. Music is what gets me going and dancing, and if it sucks, then the club sucks. However, when they DID play some good music, the table across from ours was still empty. Since the aisles were filled with people filing in and out, and ours was packed, my friend and I wandered over to the other table and took it over as our dance floor until they kicked us out....which they didn't for an HOUR.  No one dared to come into the booth because of the RSVP sign. But we were just dancing in the booth for more room, so no one bothered us. Plus, the table overlooks the dance floor so it just felt like we were dancing on tables, but we weren't. Even better.
3	I might be a bit bias because I've been spoiled by XS... But seriously... I think the original Tryst crowd of the old has all migrated to XS.. Tryst does have a beautiful waterfall.. Other than that.. It's small, the crowd was sub-par at best and the music was nothing but top 40 hip hop and a few 80's.. I really like mash-ups mixed in with some House, Techno with a splash of Hip Hop and R&B.. and this place felt like any other club in Las Vegas.. The place is not very big and easily goes over capacity and you constantly have bouncers telling you to "move along"... Listen, bouncer buddy, I really am trying to move along, but the little space you guys have here makes it tough... Reminds me of an experience at Tao, but Tao is much bigger, but also harder to get in... Pure at least has a nice rooftop to chill at....Tryst is a good looking place, but I think it has gone downhill.. Plus watching the ghetto fabulous douchebags wearing sunglasses indoors with fedoras and throwing $1 bills in the air, screamin out "Ballin" left a bad taste in my mouth.. Don't get me wrong, Wynn is a great property and I think they've made the right moves so far, but I do think they need to be a bit pickier about who they let in.. My experience was about two star, but I know my experience can vary because this place used to be one of the best, so I'll hold back from giving it two and just give it the three.. I may give it another shot in the future, but I can't say I'd make it a first choice..
3	I finally got to experience the (once) hyped-about Tryst at the Wynn tonight. Although it is up a couple of levels from Prive, all the waiting in line for an hour, finding a promoter to get us on the guest list (we still had to wait in line anyway), and trying to get a bouncer or club host to notice us (obviously they took people who made table reservations first, since they had the $$$ to drop on bottle service in the club), was all for...well, I won't say *nothing*, but I can honestly say it was a little underwhelming and disappointing.My best friend, her guy friend, and I tried to get into XS first. Although the line at XS moved briskly, we found out through a text message from my best friend's cousin and her group that were able to get in ahead of us that we had to pay $30 a person. I had a backup plan and found a promoter online who could get us into Tryst for free, or so we thought. After waiting in line, we found our guy friend still had to pay $30 and me and my friend (local ladies) were free. Such is the disadvantage of being a guy in Vegas trying to get into the club, unless you really know someone who works at the club who can hook you up, or you have big bucks to spend on a table. Ironically, the line at Tryst was a lot slower and it was harder to get through to anyone there. The staff there is not quite as disorganized as the staff at Prive, but it was pretty damn close. The line was much more organized at XS.Once we got in, it was super-packed, but that was expected on a Saturday night. It was smaller than I thought it was going to be, although the decor of the club was sexy and elegant, along with the beautiful waterfall outside. I like that you had to go downstairs to get to the club, which gave it that mysterious, "underground lair" type of feel. The red velvet walls and candles were a nice touch. The dance floor was not a very pleasant experience since everyone was all packed in like sardines because of how small it was. People kept bumping into me constantly. Not a very fun or enjoyable experience at all. It was hard to party down when people are stepping on your toes every five minutes.The patio area was about the same, small and very cramped. The only way you could really and truly be comfortable was if you had enough money to reserve a table. The drinks, as usual, were exorbitant and overpriced, and I had a little bit of a buzz, but it was not exceptional liquor. The DJ played a mix of hip-hop, top 40, and some random old school here and there. At first he played decent music, but after about an hour, I didn't like what he was playing anymore. The go-go dancers were nothing to write home about, to be honest. The ones at Voodoo Lounge were a lot hotter.I am not sure if I would go back to Tryst again. It's one of those places you go to in Vegas just for the experience, to say that you've been there. Perhaps I would go back on a night when it's not so crazy busy like Sunday, and I would be more diligent about alerting someone to the fact that I am on the guest list so I wouldn't have to wait in line. Again, to really enjoy a club, try to go with a big group of people to reserve a table and split the cost of the bottles amongst yourselves. I debated giving it two stars, but I gave it one extra star for the decor and ambiance. Tryst is not a bad little place, but not as good as I thought it would be.
3	I was super excited to go to this club as I had heard really good things about it. We were on the guest list (highly recommended) and got in quickly. I really like that you take the stairs down to the club as it makes the experience feel very mysterious. We walked right up to the bar and ordered our drinks ($12.00 for Vodka and Club Soda, which I did not think was too bad) and found a small place on the dance floor. We then decided that we wanted to move outside. This was a huge mistake as there were about 1 million people outside. We could hardly move but eventually made it to the other side and found the room with the stripper pole. We were one of the first people in that room, but that did not last long. The club got SUPER crowded very quickly. My girl friends and I found a place to dance, only to be moved along by the bouncer because we were standing too close to the $450.00 a pop "reserved" area. Also, the DJ and music were just plain bad. The mixes were not done well and it did not keep us going. We ended up leaving at 2:00 AM, because we could no longer move and the music stunk. On the bright side, the decor is nice and the water fall is pretty unique. If you like a small, crowded club with nice decor and bouncers that push you along, then this is the club for you :) Oh, find someone on the strip that is giving out free passes to the club like we did...other wise it is going to cost you at least $30.00 to get in.
3	Oh tryst, you disappoint me. Ok so, on the plus side we were the 11-15th guys in line and we still had to wait 45 mins to get in. Which in vegas i actually and sadly consider a plus. They did honor our get in free passes as long as you were in before midnight. Basically if you want to get in free as a guy you have to be inline by 9 or good luck to ya. The girls can usually all get in just fine. OH dear god... another place in vegas where the promoters and bouncers run up and down the line deciding who they want to let it. Talk about annoying. The Club is Tiny. Let me emphasize the club is tiny. To their credit though they dont let in too many people so it doesnt really ever feel stuffed. There is an opening where you can go out and look at the waterfall but there isnt much room and most people are smoking out here so it does smell smokey. All and all an alright experience if you get there early enough. The music is all house music until about 1 when the hip hop/ top 40 mix starts. There is no where to sit unless you're paying for bottle service. So girls if you have shoes that hurt ... i would save those for another night.
2	I used to LOVE this place. After being here on a bachelorette party this past weekend, I wasn't impressed. It was waayy too crowded on a Thursday night. The crowd wasn't the usual crowd I see and I come to Vegas A LOT (5-6 times a year) Not sure if maybe I just had a bad day that day or was completely sober, I don't really know. All I know was I wasn't impressed.  Where are the good looking people in Vegas hang out now??
4	Beautiful waterfall inside...Went here for my bachelorette party a few years ago and didn't have to pay or wait in line to get in... *Yes, I'm a line snob!*Too bad I don't remember much cause I was so hammered..but I think I had a good time.
4	This is the "starter" spot.....you know the place you first go to.....so you and your crew can take the pictures (back by the gorgeous waterfall and before your hair and make-up become a mess), break in the heels, and get the beautiful men of Tryst to buy you a few drinks. I like Tryst on Thursday nights...not too crowded but definitely a great time.... The place isn't huge but I'm never disappointed. If you are looking for a Thursday night party come to Tryst...but Friday and Saturday night I'd stay away...It might become too crowded and remember it is sorta small...Once you are drunk and really wanna get down go to Poetry to really let loose. Ha!
4	-1 star only because how incredibly packed it is-even on a thursday night.otherwise one of my favorite clubs in vegas.it's BEAUTIFUL. they try to charge everyone to get in [ even us fine lady folk ] but if your a female you can flirt your way to a complimentray pass from the door guy just by saying "hey there" and boom your in.everytime i have been here it's with a group of girls so i am not sure really how hard it is to get in or what the wait in line is all about because the door guys usually spot us walking up and take over from there.its amazingly gorgeous. i love the decor in the entry room when you come down the stairs. the best thing about this club is there is a huge waterfall right by the dancefloor. its kinda like the dancefloor extends ouside onto a patio area then you see a huge waterfall thats alll backlit and pretty- perfect for photo opts. also another star for having a stripper pole!!!!!!!! esp. a stripper pole that was not very crowded at all and has bars around it so its a little more difficult for overly excited patrons to grab some ass.bathroom wasn't very crowded- have only waited in line abuot 2 girls ahead of me [ which for how packed it ALWAYS is is amazing ] so bonus for that too.only thing that sucks is danefloor is incredibly packed so you usually gotta find yourself another spot to shake your money maker. =]ohhhhhhhhhhhh and the go go dancers SUCK! how about a little energy??? ugh. give me your job! haha
4	My girls and I had a lot of fun at Tryst.  Really like the outdoor/indoor set up.  Waterfall is nice.  Great music. Helps when you don't have to pay for any of your drinks:-)  I would go back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	To all the girls that complain about Tryst and XS being over crowded, its only because they are just not brave enough to use the stripper poles that are provided to them. I came here on a Thursday night with the gf, and it could not be a better time. She used the pole, and I watched her dance with drinks in hand.Your best bet of getting in, even on Thursdays, is getting there early to avoid the huge lines. I got there at about 10:10 and on the XS bartender's guestlist. I let the GF do all the talking, and before I knew it, I was already doing my 2 step down the stairs to the basement cover free. I always have a good time at Tryst, and never have to pay cover. In return, I buy a load of expensive drinks. They take care of me, I take care of them. Thats how Vegas works.Now the club. Everyone thats been there know about the infamous waterfall. If you need to take pictures by it, do it early. The dancefloor is packed all the way by 11pm. The VIP booths and tables on Thursday were all sold out as well. As soon as somebody leaves, they clean it out for the next group. This was happening at 3am!! I know this place closes at 4am, but the music just got better and better as the night progressed. They did a few tributes to Michael Jackson, but it was mostly top 40 mixed in with some classic hip hop and of course some latin beats to Pitbull. The clientele here was no lower then 8's. About 45% of the females that come here are smoking, or near smoking. The average is still better the average in your local hometown. Guys were dressed to impressed.  Blazers, collared shirt and in some cases ties were also a common site. Either ways, dress code is strictly enforced. No polo shirts allowed here.  There was an exception of a truck stop hooker that tried to take over the stripper pole, but after the crowd turned their heads, she knew she had to gets to steppin. Other then this small mishap, everyone had a great time on a Thursday night.Out of my entire weekend of club hopping, my Tryst experience was still the most memorable and the best.  This is going to my regular joint on Thursdays.PS. Heres a vid clip of the place when it opens: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bdrWPQLud8Q
4	first time i went to TRYST, i fell in love! i love this club and obviously the best thing about it is the waterfall outside.looks like a mini XS... this used to be one of my fav's but since XS opened my heart belongs to XS. the bartenders are quick and the table service is even better!i def. suggest going to TRYST if u dont want to go to XS for the lines and for other reasons because TRYST is def. easier to get in. this place is also romantic if u are couple clubbing :)
5	HAD A BLAST! XS seriously get over yourself. That place had a line all the way up to 2am and I heard girls were paying a $100 just to get in. RIDICULOUS. Bottle service at Tryst is 3 bottles minimum starting at 475 for the cheapest bottle (Stoli). They have a good dancefloor, nice crowd, very friendly staff and bouncers (can you believe it) and a good ratio of guys/girls. Drinks just like everywhere else in Vegas are EXPENSIVE! Pre party first. Men- take some ladies and tip the bouncer. If you are staying in the hotel and show your key, you will get in for $20 ( after the first rope). Girls were $20 too!!! I had a great time....they even let me dance up on the side sections with my friends! SHAKEEE ITT!!!!
4	A.  Get a table.  Just spend the money, it's Vegas!B.  Throw some cash under the table to the bouncer.C.  Wait forever.D. Ditch the guysThose are your choices and there is no way around it.  I don't care how hot you are, if guys outnumber you in your party you will get the smack down.    Oh yeah and dress hot because that always increases your chances (show your body!).When we went we stood in the longest line ever, we couldn't even see the club door from where we started.  It was worse than Disneyland.  The people we were with weren't willing to drop money on a table (booooo) nor did they want to pay the bouncer.  Well guess what that makes us?  Just like every other group that's standing in line with a bunch of guys.  After forever and 92 days we gave up and went to Blush.   If you want to go here, be prepared. Either separate from the guys or be willing to pay.
3	First club spot - on the guest list which was nice because the line wrapped along the casino by the time we got there at 11 PM.  With guest list acess we got right in after a slight delay upon confirmation of our names on the list but bypassed everyone else afterwards.I've been here before but never reviewed...I like the layout and the waterfalls and outdoor patio and portion of the dancefloor is cool but the dance floor is TOO small.  I like the numerous bar counters but there is always a line no matter which one you got too.. I've been to bigger and crowded venues so I know management could make improvements here.
4	Stumbled into this club completely by accident. Like everyone else, we wanted to go check out XS and of course, the line for XS was a million miles long and clearly we had no hope of getting in in the next 3 hours (if at all!) as we had no hook-up (need to work on that one for next time). So we kept walking about and came upon Tryst and decided to give it a try as it was around 10PM and there was little to no line. We got in in like two seconds (bunch of girls) and there was no one there! Getting there that early is probably a little awkward but since we just paid $18 to get in (UGH note to self:  get a pass next time!) we were inclined to hang around. The only benefit to being early was an empty bar which led me to opening up a tab and guzzling drinks. I wish I remembered how much the drinks were but I don't think they were unreasonable and they were pretty strong. Nice bartenders too!Eventually the club filled up and we had a rockin' time! Great music, great go-go dancers.The place itself is really nice. Very lux and can you beat the waterfall? So awesome. That and having the dance floor open to the outside air makes it a nice mix of the cool air from the AC and the warm breezy air from outside. I don't remember it being overly crowded on the decent sized dance floor either. Lots of tables and lots of nice boys who offered a seat at those tables (haha). I think table service is pretty $$$$ but they are nice tables and you get some hot waitresses! heheProbably the best club I've been to in Vegas (so far...kinda addicted to Vegas and I anticipate coming back for more!)
4	Having been to las vegas 3 times in the past year, tryst is a club I could not get out of my head. The club itself is absolutely beautiful, the waterfall backdrop definitely adds a great nightclub. The dance floor spills out onto the terrace area, where you can dance the night away in front of the glittering waterfall. Very romantic indeed- how often can you find romance in a club? The drinks are typical of a vegas club, expensive and the line is long long long. even if you are on some sort of guestlist. Guys definitely should consider table service, and girls...umm, i guess dress to impress? ie. weark skimpy clothes in hopes to skip the line. I am, taking off a star for the stripper pole they installed. Yes, it's amusing to watch some girls show off their skills at 4 am when the alcohol has finally worked its magic, however, I expected a little more elegance in a club like tryst.
4	I do love the perks of staying in the hotel.  The line to the club was discouragingly long. However, with passes and our name on the guest list, we were escorted to the front and let right in.  And, just to be clear: we were a party of five. I was the only female. And I was dressed in a classy fashion.The club itself is pretty large and the music was good this night. I've been before where it was too much like a rave. The DJ was on. The place gets packed! Drink lines are long and drinks are expensive. It's Vegas; it's what you would expect. I love chatting up random people and am also amused by some of the comments some of the guys throw out as they try to spit their game. If I didnt actually have to use the restroom, I might actually stop just to ask if any of that nonsense works, ever. One guy actually grabbed my arm and said, "hey, wait. you should sit on my cock before you go."  Really?.....................................................At least he probably won't breed anytime soon.Tryst is a good time. You should go.
4	I like this club because half of it is out side so if it gets to hot you can just walk a few feet and party out side under the desert sky. the only thing that sucks is its a little small but it can be worth the wait with the right crowd.
1	If you want to party like sardines in a hot can and spend a lot of money then come here. Saturday night......we got here about 11:30. The line was like a mile long and not moving. The only ones that did not have to wait in line were those that wanted bottle service. I thought by being guests we would get VIP service but I guess not! They didn't give a rats ass about anyone else. The bouncer guy finally saw our group and only let us girls in EXCEPT for the guys that were with us. They  moved us to the front where we had to pay $20. We figured they would let the guys in right behind us since they were in our group, NOPE! They were told the only way to move up to the front is to pay $100 plus cover. F that! While we were in the club, it took a while to order drinks. Beers were $10, cocktails $17. It was impossible to dance b/c it was super hot and crowded. No where to sit because the lounges were only for people that had bottle service.
3	Went there on a Thursday night and it got pretty crowded, so i can only imagine how packed it would be friday/saturday.i like the look of the club, the red wall and decor walking in, as well as the waterfall thing. other pros are the go-go dancers, they were pretty and knew how to dance, which is always a plus. even with all the people, it didn't get too hot, which was nice. the crowd, also, was a pretty awesome crowd. there were the typical sleazy guys trying to grind up on you and looking for a drunk girl to score with, but there were also a lot of guys that were just there to have fun, and you can tell they are just enjoying everyone's presence, and are not looking for a little something extra. That was really nice to see.things i didn't like as much was that it was a small club (only one dance floor), and the music choices. some were good, and some were just WAY OFF. and the transition between the songs? you can actually see the crowd just stop dancing and stare at each other, then try to find some rhythm in the new song, every time the dj changes the music, even the gogo dancers are thrown off by it. also, the tables aren't well separated, which for such a high-end club you'd think they'd do a better job of it.overall, this club was ok. too much hype in my opinion, but still someplace i'd go back to.
5	Tryst is my FAVORITE club to come to in Vegas. My girls and I always get in for free since she knows one of the guys that works there. The waterfall, which you see right after walking through the velvet wall hall way, is the first thing you see. The club is pretty big and fancy looking. The music is awesome and I swear if you're a girl, a guy will buy you a drink if you stand by the bar. And ATTN LADIES: if you want to get in for free, come early! like 9:30PM. The people who work there, which stand on the other side of the pole/rope thing and are dressed up fancy, usually look out for large groups of ALL girls. I guarantee your group will get spotted and pulled out of line to enter the club. This means you can check out the club, before it gets crazy crowded, and you don't have to wait in line for a long time. The only con is that you might have to pay, about $20.
1	We came to Tryst on a Thursday night and it was one of the worst experiences ever.My friend from San Jose State has a bro from Beta Alpha Psi who previously worked as a bartender at Pure, but recently changed over to Tryst. She was working that night and happily put us on the guest list from my friend +11.We headed over early, roughly 10pm-10:30pm to beat the rush. I'm not sure exactly what time because I was definitely absurdly plastered.What we encountered was pure unreasonableness and basically ruined my night.We went straight to the guest list line with seven blonde chicks we had chopped it up with in line. I suspect the doorman we encountered was racist. because the males in our group were predominately Asian. They let the seven girls in ahead of us, and immediately the door man with the clipboard in the bottom stops us and tells us we had to pay. We insist that we are the guest list with those girls, and he says "I'm sorry, I don't care if you brought 20 girls and had 1 guy - the 1 guy is still paying $30 cover charge".My friend tries to reason with the guy, even shows us our room key from Wynn. Clubs in Vegas NEVER reject people or ask for cover if they stay at the actual hotel. Well, this jerk did!We stormed upstairs to the front of the line, and talked to another promoter and explained our situation. He said I'm very sorry, and worked out a deal with us that only two of us would have to pay cover. We figured being $60 in the hole for four guys and my girlfriend was no big deal - we'd be homies and split the cost between us all or perhaps buy each other drinks.So we come down with those comps in hand, and hand it to the door man downstairs. He takes it away and says "I don't care what strings you've pulled, you guys are ALL paying cover". I blew up, asked to see his manager. He said the manager will tell you the same thing, and is too busy to talk with us. I got his business card afterwards, and we all left in a bad mood.I never thought I would feel so violated in my life. Tryst apparently hates Asian people and doesn't think seven attractive blonde women could be accompanied by a bunch of Asians.I refuse to ever come to Tryst again unless the door man gets on his hands and knees, apologizes, and then is promptly fired. I have been so upset about this experience, I am highly considering filing some kind of complaint of racist treatment.If you are a minority, especially Asian please take your business elsewhere!
5	this place is amazing!!!!! came here for my 21st birthday after Moon... the waterfall is amazing the whole club is beautiful!!! it was cracking at 3am!!!
4	This club was our last stop on Saturday night before our return trip home. Let me say this was the best time we had. The music was great especially when they played Hip-Hop. As far as the club itself, it's packed, a very nice waterfall by the dance floor that can be seen as u walk in. The drinks of course, overpriced but your in Vegas. Only thing I didn't like was how they changed the cover charge. We found a hook up to help us get a party of 16 in with no hassle and no waiting in line.
4	Tryst is a good time... but like everything else in Vegas, you will pay to have a good time. Club is very over the top in detail, much like the Wynn... this is a good thing however, it shows effort. It's always packed and a place to be seen at. I personally like XS better, but I would go back to Tryst anyday.
1	Warning!  If you come here with a group of Asian Guys be prepared to wait for hours and pay extra (bouncer fee) just to get into the pay entrance line.Worst experience and this was this past Thursday night! We were there early before 10pm. First off, they didn't approve our guestlist even though we had a print-out. The security who seemed to handpicked almost everyone that was non-asians got in regardless there were on guestlist or not. Around 11:30pm (we were only about 10 feet from the entrance) trying to buy our way in, Security wanted $50 a pop!! WTF!  We all figure heck were really close so let's wait. 12:45 am and now we are at the front of the line, Non Asians folks kept on passing us by. As I look back, I see other Asians groups going thru what we went thru.1:15 am - Having no choice and tried of waiting, we finally convinced the security ($20 a pop) which then we ended up paying another $30 entrance fee. Once inside, we were already pissed and felt discriminated. The Waterfall and Music was nice but our night felt ruin....To All of my AZN brothers - Stay away from this place!!
4	Gorgeous club + No wait on a Saturday night + Lots of dancing = Okay, I'm impressed!We came here on a Saturday night, and the first thing I noticed while walking around Wynn is how absolutely ugly and tacky the hotel looked.  My friend noted that Wynn is meant to epitomize Las Vegas, and they certainly took that to an extreme.  The decor of the whole place is loud, in-your-face, and quite frankly too gaudy and ugly.  BUT!At least it works for Tryst!  I had an awesome time here this past weekend.  How?  Aite, here we goes again:+ We got in line, waited for about 5 minutes or so, and then a bouncer comes by with a guest list.  We give him our names, and he whisks us away to the very front.  No wait! No cover!  WIN!  Tip for you: Call ahead and put yourself on the guest list.  It will save you so much time, as we found out!  The guy on the phone was super nice too because I wasn't sure which night we were gonna be there, so he was like, "I'll just put you guys down for both nights this weekend." Thank you, Tryst!+ Once you get in, you're greeted with a gorgeous view of the red walls with the golden-lighted waterfall in the distance.  It is BEAUTIFUL.  Ha, thank you, Vegas.  Only in Vegas is such an elaborate setup possible.  + The dancing was fun!  If you're by the waterfall, you can catch a slight breeze, and it's really comfortable and cooling as you dance the night away.  I like!!  There's nothing better than having fun and dancing the night away while COMFORTABLE.  It was crowded too, but not crazily so.  We could actually move around, and it looked like most people were dancing and enjoying themselves. WIN.The place loses a star because the drinks weren't very good or strong.  I'm not complaining about the price ($47 for 3 drinks OMG DIE!) because it's supposed to be expensive, but at least even if it's expensive, it should be GOOD.  Not good drinks = take away half star!  Also, the music was kind of hit-or-miss.  Mostly Top 40 stuff, which is fine, but every now and then they would have really bad transitions between songs, and people would just stop dancing when one song ended and while it would transition awkwardly to the next song, which sometimes didn't flow very well from the one before.  Yeah, Tryst, your DJs need to work on that.Oh yeah, we also had some very brief beef with some territorial girls in line who thought we were talking trash about them (even though we weren't!), but that's got nothing to do with Tryst.   I'm done ranting now.Anyway.  Otherwise, the atmosphere, the aesthetics, the hospitable bouncers made for a great night, with great friends.  This place is pretty sweet, with a great look, and I hope you have a great time here too.  For us, it was the perfect way to end a great weekend.  Hope it's the same for you!
5	friday night... got in line around 10.... wait was aorund 20 -30 min which isnt bad at all for vegas.... was able to get in with 1 girl and 3 guys..... lotta hot girls and had a blast... 7 million dollar waterfall???? dont remember that.... lol
4	Last Friday, me and couple friends arrived at 11:15, got in around 11:40, which was not bad I must say. We got to get in faster than some groups in front of us, which was most likely because they were all guys. According to what we saw, it's not limited to Asian guys, but guys in general. The club was fun, the view was good, the decor is similar to XS except for the pool part. It was very crowded but we still got space to dance.  Since only one person has stepped on me whole night instead of EVERYBODY in Tao, the line was not as crazy as in XS, and the cover was free with our coupons, I was pretty satisfied with this place. The only thing bothered me was, there were two lines outside of the club, and the bouncer told me one of them was the re-entry line. Which was true, but there was also a girl checking out guestlist. I'm not sure how you get on the guestlist, but I saw couple of my friends sneaked in by showing their room keys. We tried later but it did not work :(
4	I LOVE Tryst. Been here two times, both on Saturday night, and never had an awful experience. BF and I come early to line up - just before 10. You can usually see a long line forming by then. Once the club promoters come out holding their clipboards, get their attention if you are on guestlist! Both times I politely asked the promoter to check my name, he confirms my name, asks how many are in my party, gives me a slip, and BF and I get into Tryst - cover free - with no problem or hassle. The interior of Tryst is breathtaking - you are definitely welcomed in by a beautifully lit waterfall. People slowly start filling in - and BF and I dance for the next couple hours until our buzz wears off. We leave the venue around midnight to go to another party and upon our exit, the lines to Tryst are longer and more chaotic. Cons - No where to sit :(Drinks are expensive  - but like everyone said, It's VEGAS!
2	so we decided to spend our last night in Vegas with table service at Tryst.  Since XS was booked we thought we would try its older but standard cousin.  what we encountered was BULLSH*T  first and foremost, we always do table service in Las Vegas just to do it up right.  no cover no waiting in line, drinks and dancing right there umm excellence in a glass.  Even though i am a woman , i do not assume every guy is there to buy me a 30 dollar drink because they are that hard up for a lay...dont get me started on stupid paris hilton wannabes.. anywho.  my girlfriends and i THATS RIGHT an 7 girl group with three guys  decided to go in and get 5 bottles at Tryst.  (what can i say we are from Texas we know how to drink like crazy)  WE went to the door at 1020 pm every and i mean EVERY CLIP BOARD HOLDING DOUCHEBAG ignored us.  we are NOT uglys by the way 4 of us are models and the other two are sexy sexy nurses  and one was a newby getting into the scene.   Anywho they ignored us for 20 min finally when i got someones attention they said in a very slimey voice "well who did you talk to?"  it doesn't matter jackass we are spending well over 3 thousand in your ass club so let us in.  From what i have seen they are asses to asian and afro americans as well because they were holding them back to let the "blond crowd" in.  and we aren't even either.  the group behind us was and they bought a table to.  AGH what a mess.  finally we get in the club, we get the largest table they could get us.  Then we get a hostess..about 4 of them.  yes you are cute honey but i want my bottle order right more then i want to see your over makeuped face...she forgets to bring out a bottle and trys to pretend it had been out all night.. umm no we can count.  the dancefloor was retarded.  the music was RETARDED, all of the repeats and i mean 30 minutes from each other come on, there are other songs then "sex is on fire" even though i love that song.  we didn't see our hostess all night and then at 3 am she comes with the bill and wants to tell me it is policy to tip 18 percent.. yeah right after the guy working the table stole a new pack of cigs,and the bouncer tried to kick out my friend because she slapped some guy in the face that kept feeling on her ass.  the douches in front of us kept pointing at me and one walked over and said "can you pull your skirt down we can see your ass".  to which i replied "you have some nerve walking up to a girl who can not only kick your ass but can buy and sell it too."( i am over 6' 1" without heels)   my advice, find some where else to go, this club is way over hyped.  we had an awesome time at LAVO and it was the smallest club around, bottles and service were better and the music and crowd were to DIE for.  Tryst was supposed to be a fun night instead it turned out to be a douchebag convention and the women were not even that cute!  oh yeah and the gopher hit my boyfriend in the face with a bottle  while he was "checking the contents" and when i went to tell the hostess she just smiled and walked away..dumb bitch....oh yeah and the decor is vegas style.  all the people that say it is to die for say that about all the other clubs when they walk in .. well maybe not the mgm grand clubs  lol...3 thousand later i wish we would have gone to JET or PURE again.  at least they treat you right!!!
5	This is my favorite club in Vegas and yes, I've been XS.  Labor day weekend so we did wait in line a little, but only because we were with guys.  All girls can walk right in.  But we were not deterred even when we realized there were like FIFTY guys, just guys waiting in front of us.  But after a few minutes one of the bouncers pulled us out of the line (with our guys) and let us in.  Once in, drink at the bar was $15 and then we head straight to the waterfall for a prime spot.  We just staked our spot, enjoyed the water, drank, met some cool people, and danced.  Music was awesome!  I only needed one drink because it was so strong.  So all you XS lovers can head over there, I'll take Tryst.
5	A lot of Vegas is about who you know, and on a busy Labor Day weekend where cover is $200 for males and $120 for females, the only way we had a shot of getting in was by a favor from our good buddy Dnix.He really hooked us up as far as getting us in with his table. We were able to skip the entire line, get comped cover and also a nice plush red couch to chill at. The best part of this table was that we were right across from the stripper pole. I could get my drink on and yet watch my girl do her thing on the pole. She loved it, I loved it.. everyone had a great time after killing 3 bottles of goose later. I loved the Tryst just like always, and its even better with bottle service.  The crowd kind of died down by 3am, but it was still as popping as it would normally get like during the week.  The staff was very friendly and they even called Dnix a cab to get him to the hotel. Most places would just give you the boot and you are on your own. The staff at Tryst really went out of their way to make sure my buddy was taken care of. I highly recommend this place if you are considering doing bottle service because they do go the extra mile.  I also suggest contacting host Patrick Frank at Tryst. He is one cool guy. (please read my other reviews if you want other perspectives of just partying as a regular joe)
3	Tryst has totally been outdone by XS but at least both are owned by the same dude so it's not like they're losing money.Came here because XS was way too crowded and found this place to be just short of what everyone loves about XS.  Place is small (you wouldn't have said that unless you've seen the massive size of XS) and music is the same crappy house/trance stuff (they probably have the same DJs).  I used to put Tryst at the top of my Vegas club list with Tao but you've been topped!
5	Great decor and atmosphere - they do it the right way at the WYNN. The crowd is great and the music rocks.  Drinks will cost you an arm and a leg, but hey, you're in vegas, so get used to it!  It'll make you enjoy the party that much more...
3	My friends and I weren't planning to come to this club on the last trip we went. One of the people in the our group just had a hook up so we went.From what I heard, it's a lot of older folks (mid-twenties to mid-thirties about), which is cool if that's what you're into. For younger groups, I'd recommend going to Pure or Tao. If I were older, I would probably like this place more and rate it higher.I really just wanted to check it out and see if it was nice inside. It was pretty interesting. I liked how it was by a waterfall outside. I didn't really expect to meet anyone or have the greatest time, however it did turn out to be a good time. It was my first time seeing some dude make it rain dollars here. I picked up like six of them.Being 23 years old, this isn't a club of my choice, but it's worth checking out if you've never been. You never know what can happen or who you'll meet.
5	I love Tryst. This place has great music that you can dance to all night long - good transitions, great flow, and overall awesomeness to keep you out partying till the wee hours of the morning. The club has a great layout, lots of dancing space, ample tables for bottle service, an awesome outside area for those nice Vegas nights looking out at the waterfall. It's very much like XS (I do like XS more, though). Enjoyed the crowd and the drinks were delic!
4	Let me start by saying WTF was I doing in a line for a club? I am usually in a group that does bottle service. Not this particular time. With that being said, my homie and I did some big things at the club! We went through that club dancing and talking to every chick in that place! It was like shooting fish in a barrel. It was freaking hilarious. He was even freaking a girl on the dance floor with her boyfriend watching! I had her cousin! That's how pimping we were that night! The club was beautiful but was a little smaller than I hoped for. XS is still my favorite club in Las Vegas though.
4	Tryst does offer a great atmosphere, good music, and an elegant vibe to it.  Yes, the drinks are pricey, but I expect that in most Las Vegas clubs.  The line was real long on the Thursday night I went, but we paid some promoter to get us in for an extra $5 over the regular cover charge which was worth it to me.  Of course there were more guys than girls...... but I guess I shouldn't complain because I wasn't helping the ratio being in there either.  But I would recommend going here regardless, guy or girl.
4	I came here EARLY Saturday morning around 2am. We were able to sweet talk our way to free entry for 7 seven girls which was pretty awesome. The music was still awesome. But where did all the people go? The place was clearing up at 3am. Perhaps it was getting late and that's normal now, considering that the Wynn's neighbor building Encore, has a new, HUGE club named XS now?!!
3	The nicest part was the water fall. Don't think many night clubs have this view. But the dancing floor was tiny. They might want you to drink at the table where most money was spent. It was $$$$ ~ $$$$$ per table!!!
3	Came here not to go to tryst, but actually to go to XS.  Sadly, XS was closed =( so they rerouted us here.  Waited in line for what seemed like forever, my buzz waning.  But an awesome bouncer asked for our IDs and asked if we were on the guest list.  Sweetly I answered no, but would appreciate if he could get us on there.  and we were in!Once in the club, the dance floor and the rest of the small club was packed.  Lots of dancing ensued and the music pretty much consisted of every song ever made that has the word b!tch in it.  But the bf and and i had a good time.  Didn't have any drinks because drinks are EXPENSIVE.  We boogied til we were boogied out and now I can say that I clubbed in vegas =)
2	Apparently, the way to get in is to get bottle service... seems like every time I try to go clubbing I learn something new. I will teach you the things I've learned from previous Vegas trips:1) Dress nice. Duh, figured this out in college. Who knew?2) Wear single colored LEATHER shoes. Single colored sneakers don't count (again, college)3) Spend the money for entry fee. (The cheap clubs are NOT where the women are at)4) Don't be ugly. (See previous Vegas review about Tai club)5) Get there early before 9. (again, see previous review)6) Have a larger gaggle of sexy girls with you - for the guy:girl ratio. 7) and now, get bottle service.In an attempt truly do the "Vegas club scene", I joined my friends in getting nicely dressed, complete with beautiful ladies in our group and was willing to pay the 50 dollar cover charge to get in.I figured that was covering most of the things I'd learned.We stood in line for almost 2 hours, taking pictures, chatting, taking pictures, drinking the bottles that were filled with alcohol, waiting, taking pictures.. repeat ad nauseum.I'll say this. I FARKING HATE WAITING. Why couldn't they at least have waitresses taht serve you while you're in line? a bar within walking distance?! JEEZ. The interior of the club was cool. I liked the waterfall, the lights were nice, the patio let in cool air, the A/C was strong and the furnishings were really swank. Service was decent, go-go dancers were smokin' hot and there was a performance by "this-is-how-we-do-it" Montell Jordan (c: Nice.However, if only they would have stopped repeating the same fucking music all night. We were there for 4 hours or so and heard quite a few songs more than 2-3 times. There has been probably 40 years of dance music that they could choose from, and they choose repeat the same songs? WTF?
1	I would give this place 0 stars if I could.  The bouncers were JERKS. We waited in line forever.... and they kept letting people in line behind us (groups of guys even).  I know this is how Vegas clubs work sometimes... but no need to be rude. We waited our turn and even tried to slip the bouncer $100.  We were in a group with 2 hot girls and 5 guys (that were all well dressed).The reason we were told we were not getting in is "Some people just have to wait....." .  The thing that topped it all off was that we were staying in the hotel!!!! We walked over towards Encore and got into XS in 5 minutes.  This place is a joke people.... save your time and $ for XS. SO MUCH FUN!
4	I have to admit when I'm wrong I was quick to judge Tryst. I didn't get bottle service here until yesterday normally that would matter, but big groups of good looking girls never pay to get in places in vegas. We just walked past the line and smooshed some bouncer and bling bang bow into the club like we owned it. Pretty nice feeling, but once we got in I wondered why there even was a line. People really want to be surrounded by the typical "I'm from LA please come up to my hotel room" douche bag type.Last night Tryst, you came through in my eyes. It is a pretty nice place, I never doubted that. I just felt like the annoying loser guy's ruined it for me. Although, I heard a really funny story about a guy swimming naked in the waterfall last weekend none of the security wanted to 1. get all wet 2. grab a NAKED MAN who is extremely intoxicated. So they let the guy swim around for a good 5 minutes while people enjoyed the show until asking him to get out and get dressed.Vegas, there's no place like it. The decor is lovely and the DJ hasn't disappointed yet. Their staff didn't really impress me, but I'm a hard sell I guess. I would recommend coming here if say, you cannot get into XS and don't wanna hop in a cab to get somewhere else OR have a big group with your own area. This place can be crowded!
4	Great night all around, great service, very fun.Got a table, apparently got a bottle of Belvedere, and promptly paid $675 for it. Whoops!Hot tip: If you're with a group of guys and you don't want to wait forever, just get a table. You'll be spending $50 on cover anyway, so just spend a couple more per person and split a bottle. Plus, you get a spot to kick back and relax!
1	No table service.Unprepared for overcrowdedness. Bouncers are in a world of their own. (They just opened. Clearly.)
4	Loved the waterfall and the atmosphere, absolutely impressive!  I really enjoyed the indoor/outdoor mix because I am from Chicago and I am totally NOT used to people smoking in every casino and restaurant, pretty harsh on a non-smokers lungs.Bought a drink of $15 and mingled with people with bottle service and got a couple more and ended up having a blast and danced the night away.Free cover because I used Facebook to find a promoter, let me know if you need a hook up.  He was incredibly nice and met us outside the club, waited for all my friends to meet me, and even let the guys go in with us, even though they had to pay cover.Loved the club, Vegas is a blast!  :D    It was our first night there, so going to a luxurious club like Tryst was AWESOME!  Message me for details about my promoter!
1	Dear Steve Wynn, If you notice that you're short a few million this year.  Remember that you have the greediest bouncers at Tryst. Ever.I came in on a Thursday night.  I was pushed into the guy's line with at least an hour and a half wait at 11:00pm.  Granted, I am not a girl.  However, my friend and I were with 6 of them.  After trying to bribe the bouncer to let us in, he finally did it for $20.  Mind you, this is without the cover.  And when I slipped him a $20... he scoffed at it like I should have paid him $50 for the privilege of him being a dick to me.  I think that Vegas clubs are fun, but not with the amount of hassle and annoying cronyism that goes on.  - J
4	The talent is top-notch.  Probably top-3 in Vegas.  My advice is to get bottle service.  Make sure you reserve ahead of time so you don't have to deal with the wait and the lines.  I'm going to be brutal on this one fellas...If you have any inclinations about being cheap, this is not the place for you.  If you're in Vegas, then act accordingly.  Don't go to Tryst if you're on a budget go to LAX or JET, you'll probably have a better time.  But if you're at Tryst, then spend that gwap.  It's the only way to ensure a smooth transaction.Another reason for VIP is so that you an avoid the massive amount of bodies on the regular floor.  Ok, I'll put things in perspective for you fella.  Last time I was there, I sat between A-Rod and Busta Rhymes.  Total bill was $1800, split between 5 guys.  The $1800 also ensured an afterparty at an un-named venue where fatalities occurred on a half-hourly basis.Don't be cheap...
4	THE DECOR, WATERFALL, BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE!!! I Love this club. When i came here last year this place was the spot to be. Everything about this club screams vegas! The bottle service set ups all around the lake are super awesome, the multiple rooms to dance in and the stripper pole! The bartenders were fast and i didn't have to wait ridiculously long for a drink which is always a plus. I am a fan. Good music too!! But XS has got this place just beat hands down. just gotta throw that in there.
4	I love Tryst! We came here on Saturday night - Halloween!  This was my second time here and, like before, this club met all my expectations.  The DJ was good.The crowd is young, beautiful, energetic, and fun.There were enough people in costume, which was great to see.The lake and waterfall, always beautiful.  Just a couple quick notes:- Avoid the female hosts.  They are MEAN.  They make me think un-nice thoughts!  If you're on the guest list or called in beforehand, make sure you flag down a male host.  They're more accommodating.- Drinks all seem to be around $15.  A shot of LC was $16 and not very strong at all.  That's typical, though.  This is an awesome, GORGEOUS club.  Super fun, good crowd, and great atmosphere.  My favorite club in Vegas so far!  Maybe that will change if I check out XS next time.Anyway, highly recommended!
1	What kind of jackass door guy tells a group of 5 hot girls that they can all come in but the ONE guy they are with has to wait in line? Or that the ONE guy they are with has to pay 50 bucks to jump the line and come in with them?The jackass who works the door Saturday nights at Tryst.
5	Nice place, great music, long line but its worth it...well recommended
3	Like the waterfall backdrop... pretty spacious for a poppin' club... came here on Halloween and it wasn't bad at all.Didn't really get into the scene because of the music but I'm sure it just required a little bit more loosening up if you know what I mean.30 dollars for guys on Halloween, 20 for girls, take that as you will.
5	i've come here 3x and to XS 2x. gotta say i like this one better! it's small enough to be intimate but still got that energy of a club. gettin drinks is never a problem. i had to wait way too long to get drinks at xs. i also luv the bathroom situation here! very well run by the bathroom attendants. lots of stalls. line moves fast! leaves me room for more drinking ;)can't expect much out of vegas music since u gotta cater to the masses. but when they do play hip hop, it's pretty decent. and the rest of the music is not annoying.better looking than the average vegas crowd. not necessarily hot, but they're always dressed nice anyways :P
4	Used to love going to Tryst before XS opened.  Beautiful decor inside and outside with pretty people and good music.  And the poles are always fun haha.
3	It's beautiful in here. Dont get me wrong, but i was not feeling this club. I was wasted, wasted! but i was not feeling the people in this club. I liked the waterfall. The go go dancers were alright... the drinks were meh. The Dj was pretty chill. What i did like was that they let the whole group in. 4 guys 4 girls. girls didnt pay cause girls dont but guys paid $30. WE only waited in line for like a minute cause we had a promoter, thanks manda! Seriously get a promoter in vegas. the longest i have waited in line for any club is max 10 minutes, and i have never paid.
4	Went here last Friday and enjoyed myself.  This was my third time at Tryst, and thank goodness we've always used a promoter (no lines, no cover).  I can't imagine standing in the long lines waiting to get in.  Anyhow, although Tryst is smaller than XS, Tao, Pure, and some other Vegas clubs, I actually prefer Tryst over the others.  Although Tryst gets quite crowded after midnight, I've always been able to maneuver/dance my way around the club.  My friends and I were able to sit at one of the empty bottle service tables to hang out and rest our feet.  We bought a few rounds of Patron Silver shots and although the cost was $12 per shot, it was well worth the money since it was like getting two shots for that price...the shot glasses were long!  The music was pretty pumping.  Even though the crowd was not diverse enough for me, we still had a great time.  A couple of my girl friends had to be wheelchaired out to a cab, haha.  Tryst is always a good time.  However, I recommend getting a promoter if you want to avoid the hassle of long lines.
4	Tryst is probably one of my favorite clubs in Las Vegas simply because it's very large, the bathrooms are clean, and there are lots of bars. It's a very visually appealing club as well since there is an outdoor portion that faces a waterfall and the pool. They have plenty of space for dancing and maneuvering around and there is no shortage of free drinks if you're a girl ... even if you don't ask for it!I guess as an unfair review, I did not wait in line for a long time (or at all) and I also did not pay cover since I went with a group of 4 girls and we were not with any guys. The hostesses in the bar were very well dressed and took care of us in terms of drinks and anything else we needed. They also have a pole in the middle of one of their lounge areas which was interesting. I enjoyed the music they played at the club and it was extremely happening the entire time.
4	This place is pretty neat...but then again why wouldn't it be? After all there is a waterfall inside...I came here on a Saturday night to ring in my birthday and I had a ton of fun. Maybe too much fun (the kind where you forget things).But what I do recall is the decor is cool, plush comfy chairs/couches. Nice size dance floor (but then again who needs a dance floor when you can dance on ledges, couches and tables)...The DJ was awesome and kept me dancing pretty much the entire night. Met some cool people here and will likely be back for more...No line wait. (Make sure you get on a list though.) No cover.
4	Had a great time here. Went with a bunch of friends on  Thanksgiving night. We were able to avoid the line and the cover bc we knew someone. The drinks were expensive (2 mixed drink + 1 beer was $39), but we had a blast. Stayed out way way too late. The interior of the club is big and opens up to an outdoor pool of water and a huge waterfall. Bathrooms are pretty and clean. We danced all night to great music.
5	The smaller, older sibling of XS, Tryst is even more beautiful, with a waterfall in lieu of the swimming pool. Like the rest of Wynn, against the backdrop of the rest of LV, you almost have to ask: "Is it *too* pristine?" :)I'm told that Cy Waits has turned Tryst into the highest grossing nightclub per sq ft.Next time you stay at Wynn/Encore, hold on to your Red Card and keep it in your wallet whenever you're in town -- will help with walking into Tryst and XS if you haven't made a reservation.
4	The bad thing about this club is that there is hardly any room to sit .. ugh my poor feet on 4.5 inch heels, unless you have bottle service or know you .. flirt your way to a table (what girl ever has problem with that though right? haha). Anyways, met some really interesting, awesome, and attractive people the last few times I went. Of course the crowd here is a lot more older. Love how the area is open to the outdoor patio so the air ventilation is never a problem. The waterfall in the back was gorgeous. The drinks were expensive though .. but knowign the clientele, it is relative. I would def come again! Don't know how long the actual wait in line would be because we had VIP access and were granted entrance right away.
4	I have been twice now and both times were awesome!The best part about Tryst: THE DJs ARE AWESOME! Some of the best music, mixed really well and every one is dancing and having a good time!It is a beautiful space... I mean obviously there is a waterfall in the middle of it! And I have found that it is never unbearably crowded. I never feel like I am smashed up against a wall... there is a lot of room inside.I also have to give props to the go go dancers there. Sometimes you go to the club and you can see on the girls faces that they are tired, but all of them looked beautiful and had great energy the entire time! The waitresses and the girls are all sweet and willing to help and attentive. I haven't experienced ANY problem with the service whatsoever.Yes if you are a guy you are going to have a hard time getting in, and you will find that in ANY CLUB IN VEGAS! So people need to stop complaining about that. i get that you are annoyed by it but that's the way it works. Would absolutely continue to go back there. So much fun!
4	Saturday night. 12AM. There's a bit of a line, but the doorman Andy let us in as his guests free.  (Thanks man!)  Inside, the music was great (top 40's), and the crowd was fun!  It's quite nice inside, pretty waterfall/pool area outside.  The bartenders are OK - though we did run into one extremely dumb bartender who could not multitask and stood there looking very confused for 10 minutes when she couldn't find who a credit card belonged to - and also kept giving the wrong drinks to the wrong people.  Otherwise, in comparison to some of the other clubs Tryst is much nicer, has a better crowd, great music - pretty much guaranteed a good time here!  The space inside is beautiful - and people are friendly and fun!
1	rude incompetence bouncers for sure. or just that one jackass bounce who acted TOO GOOD to answer our simple questions. -__-we waited in line for a good hour or so. thats fine, but we began to wonder how much longer? so I call over one of the bouncers, making EYE CONTACT, SPEAKING IN HIS DIRECTION, BEING EXTREMELY POLITE, LOOKING DIRECTLY AT HIM. he glances at me, looks to his left, then to his right.. and stays in that position, then asks, "What?" WTF??? am i that fugly, that you can't even look at me? srsly?? do i have a booger flaring out of my nose that you can't stand to stomach my face? this stupid bouncer already shot some bad vibes to me since he came off as a cocky asshole, who apparently doesn't deal with little asian girls. so i ask my question, and he gives me a smartass remark that makes me stop in my tracks. so i just shrug it off and think "fuck it.. this is stupid" later, 3 guys try to worm their way thru our group to the front since we're at the break of entrance. what do the bouncers do? NOTHING. of course we fuss and confront the cutters, but they started letting us in the club. after they cut off the line again, the bouncers kept back 4 of our guys in the line. of course we're not gonna party without them, so i tried to reason with the same jackass bouncer to let them in, and he tells me " STOP ASKING ME QUESTIONS, I HAVE MORE IMPORTANT THINGS TO DO" ... wow... what crawled up your ass and died? i guess standing around and staring at slutty girls with big tits and ass is "important" these days. at least, i encountered one nice bouncer... who wanted my money. but that's okay because he was more helpful than the other guy. he saw me waiting for my friends and asked how many. then he told me for a fee, he could get them in asap. and the fee was $40. after comtemplating and getting all antsy, i decided to cough up the $40 and get my friends. thats the end for the bouncer story. now in the club.. its a nice place with a a waterfall at the front, but the crowd, total creepers. i had my share of creepy guys, but they would know when to back off. but this place was crawling with persistent creepers looking for victims. apparently, they do it like we're in the wild.the predator lock eyes with the victim, he consistently eye rapes the prey until she knows he's interest, then he initial contact by physically stepping behind her, and moves in awkward sways. geeze. get a clue when you're not wanted. iuno if i would come back. i had a much better experience at XS, and they had WAYYYYY BETTER music with a better crowd.
4	This was our last night in Vegas and we decided to give Tryst a try... We had all been here before and agreed that the music would at least be good. We were right! The tunes were great and the DJ was on fire. We danced the night away and the club was not too packed I suppose they were all at XS crammed like a can of sardines. IT was crowded at Tryst too but I could walk to and from the dance floor to our table with ease which was a plus for me. I don't know why anyone would rather go to XS than here.Our host was super nice and we didn't wait in line at all, we were seated immediately and our host kept the unwanted guys away from our table, eventually he put a security guard at our table to keep the wolves at bay. Thank god we still have some stand up guys around.
4	The line to get in was the worst part of my last Tryst experience. I believe I waited 25 minutes and there were probably only 30 people in front of us. Then, once I get in, I see that the place isn't even that crowded so the wait seemed like BS. The standard $30 for guys was charged at the door. The Bouncers were very unfriendly just like at XS. The drinks were around $15 and they were served and mixed well. There wasn't much of a wait to get drinks either. Bartender was friendly. Dance floor was a  good size in comparison to the rest of the club. Music was excellent. A mix of house/hip-hop/rap and dance. Met a bunch of great people in here so that probably influenced me to give it another star. I will go again.
1	The guys at the door have a stick up their ass.  8 cute girls? wait in line? oh- hell no, we had a better time at Pure.
4	I like Tryst. The end.Just kidding. Tryst is pretty nice because there is not a bajillion people, but the ambiance is nice (waterfall, several dance floors, nice booths)... the drinks are meh, but it's Vegas, so you should step into the club liquored up, or else you ain't livin'.Anyways, there are also poles everywhere. Aerobic pole dance moves, anyone?
3	Tryst is nice. It's got a big waterfall when you walk in and the place is well designed. But I have to say it's not as nice as XS. The club go-go dancers aren't very into it and the DJ's aren't top notch here. I have to give it up to the bathroom service for men though. They roll lint off your jacket and treat you well when you use the restroom. Make sure you get here early! The wait is loooong and the bouncers will definitely try to make money off of you! The bouncers at XS are a lot cooler. I had a good time here but not the best.
2	Minimum Age: 21+.Cost: ~$30Crowd: Mixed, 30-40's.Dress Code: Fashionable attire.Music: 80's, Top 40.Date Attended: 01/22/10, FridayGot $10 tickets for free admission before 12 here, http://www.cheapvegasclubs.com/nightclubpackages.htm.  We arrived a little before midnight expecting good things based on the reviews from Yelp.  Sadly, the place was mostly empty with an older clientele.  We stayed a good 30 minutes and then left.  This club is practically identical in appearance to that of XS.Pros: Nice doormen.  Nice decor.Cons:  Probably better during peak season, but it was practically empty.
5	We thought for sure most clubs would be empty on Thurday night.  We came here after a lame experience at Prive.  This is the most awesome place!! It was crowded but a nice crowd.  The outdoor waterfall was beautiful and kept the fresh air through the dance floor.  We left around 4am and there was still people waiting in line to get in.  We didn't have to wait or pay cover since we were on the VIP list but it would be worth it, if we did.
4	Tryst used to be THE place to go until XS blew it out of the park but there is a reason that they are in neighboring hotels and part of the Wynn empire. (XS is in Encore) Its such a NICE club and the waterfall is what sets it apart from other places.  This place is really focused on bottle service so there are tables everywhere.  There are two dancing areas.  The main floor and one on the side where there is a stripper pole.  Not many people make it over.. its pretty dark and lots of smokers. You'll be impressed by the bathrooms here!I've always had fun here.  The line can get pretty long but you'll pass the time by taking pictures in the Wynn hotel where its super scenic. I did New Year's Eve here in 2007 and its 150 for girls and 250 for guys.  Pretty steep but very Vegas typical.  We had a surprise celebrity do the countdown and it was NEYO!  Also Beenie Siegal was there but how many people know him other than people that follow Rap and Roc a Fella pretty closely. I would be down to come here again but right now the major hot spot is XS and a bunch of new clubs sprang up from The City Center so I'll have to check those out.
4	Even though XS totally stole Tryst's thunder, I still love this place. I always have fun here. I like how the dance floor spills outside near the waterfall/pond so that there's readily accessible fresh air. Also, the layout is more interesting than the boring boxy clubs and the people who work here are a gazillion times better than TAO. It's never a problem getting in, and it's not uncomfortably crowded. Also, getting a drink doesn't usually take too long. And the bathrooms are really cute!
1	This place has no dance floor.. well a tiny one the size of the bathroom floor...The music is terrible... who ever heard of beach boys music and California dreams mixed with jungle beats???  Truly a super funky white disco joint with terrible music.  The DJ will then throw in 10 secs on hip hop to get people on the dance floor and to stand up from falling alseep and then go back to beach boys greatest hits  =/   LOL!!!!    I would fire this stupid DJ and the manager running the place
5	this placeee rockkkkkkkksssssssssending all my friends there also man can this double wammy of clubs get any better
4	Yep, the waterfall still takes my breath away.  Looooove this place!  Big and beautiful, that's how I like it.  ;-]Tables line the perimeter with a pretty decent sized dance floor in the center, which opens up into the outdoor patio surrounded by water and the majestic waterfall.  It got hot and stuffy inside with so many sweaty drunk bodies swaying to the music, I spent a lot of time outside just admiring the scenery and to keep cool.I actually like this place better than XS because there's a little bit more breathing room, with just as glamorous decor and ambiance.Mixed crowd.  Hip hop/top 40's.  Drinks are crazy expensive!!  A good time, for sure!
3	We were at the Wynn bar downstairs from Tryst trying to figure out where to go. The bartender said let me try to get you into Tryst without standing in the mile long line. He said he couldn't even get us in to that club. 2 Ladies at the other table told us we are 12 pretty gals just go to the bouncer and demand to get in free without waiting in line! HAHA. I thought no way! We tried and you know what? We all got in FREE and skipped out on the line, I couldn't believe it. Got in the place was really cool looking. I liked the huge waterfall and the venue was very nice. Only BIG problem, ALL the guys are UGLY! Who needs guys! Had a great time with the gals.
4	I always had this image of Tryst being a fancy pancy club.  Like, super classy, elegant, stylish, only high-rollers would go there.   Boy, that proved me wrong last time I went -party people were so rowdyyy!! Yes yes yes, another crazy vegas club. The layout was more like a lounge better than a club. Pretty big venue and obviously drinks are exorbitant. You won't break a sweat as you dance since the main dancefloor is partially outdoor. And there you see the famous waterfall.  A very nice and soothing view.
4	My Vegas obsessed friend highly recommended this place and said it was his favorite so we came here for my friend's bachelorette party. We got there before it opened and there was already a pretty long line. We were suppose to be on their list and even though they couldn't find our names they still let us go to the front of the line. Then we saw the $20 cover charge for women and $50 cover charge for men! We proceeded to tell the employees that we should have been on the list and after talking with them for about 5 min, they let us in for free! We definitely got lucky I think. Some of the guys we talked to paid $50 to go to the front of the line in addition to the $50 cover! We ordered vodka tonics and they were $14 each and served by bartenders with LOTS of silicone. The crowd was very well dressed and I saw some major slutty dance moves and overly aggressive women. This place gets very packed later on at around midnight and there always seems to be a long line to get in. It is a very pretty place with super posh decor. One of their dancers looked like Eva Longeria too! If you want to go all out and dress to the nines and have $ to drop this is the place to come!
5	I spent my 22nd birthday here and had a blast!  We had a comfy table/booth in the back by the dance pole and were very well taken care of.  Plus the way this place was set up is awesome!  The waterfall outside gives it a great feel, and their dance floor, since it opens up to the patio doesn't get too hot which is so nice!  I guarantee if you go to this place your gonna have a good time-plus it's in VEGAS!
4	Been here a few times. It's really nice inside. The dance floor is right in the center overlooking a nice waterfall outside, I could picture LL Cool J performing under the waterfall like one of his videos, LMAO!  There's also a pole dancing section to the right if you're facing the dance floor from the entrance, only available to females wanting to strut their stuff, I wouldn't have it any other way, LOL!  Like all major clubs in Vegas it's packed.  What's nice about the dance floor is that it's right in front of the outdoor area so it doesn't get too hot even when it's at max capacity.  The music is old school classics at first then top 40 high energy and hip hop the rest of the night. We did bottle service once here which was cool except for the location. We had one near the dance floor by the walkway. If I were to do bottle service here again I would try to get an outdoor table. If not I would just do regular entrance.
5	So I've been here a bunch of times now, as well as other clubs in Vegas, and everything is the same as it was the first couple times I've gone.  I'll keep this update pretty simple.Pros: - Awesome waterfall - Awesome crowd - Awesome music - Solid bar service - Nice, friendly dancers and "shot girls"Cons: - Line forms EARLY - Going rate for a group with a bad ratio is kinda high ($30/guy)
4	This place is like a smaller Xs... Still cool... But still pricey?
1	Worst place EVERWe had 3 guys 5 ladies.  The bouncer took all of our girls.We had those stupid passes, but the bouncer held everyone in line after 12AM after the passes weren't valid anymore.  It was $40 bucks to get in.We waited in line for 3 HOURS, all guys in line.  After waiting at the front of the line for about an hour, they let us in.  We were already too pissed.  Our girls had already gotten drunk and were ready to go home so we just left.  The girls told us that it was mostly women and old guys inside.I would suggest coming with a large group of girls over guys and don't let the bouncer take the girls away.I'm not coming back here again.
3	This place used to be THE spot.  I've been coming here for a few years and even had my bachelorette party here.  It's a gorgeous club with a huge, beautiful waterfall in the center.  Sultry, sexy, warm vibe with the red couches and candles, and indoor and outdoor seating.  Lots of good looking people, early 20s to late 40s, mixed crowd.  I used to see always see celebrities and athletes here.  I like that they play a mix of hip hop, Top 40 and EDM.  There are three bars so it's pretty easy to get a drink.  Table minimums aren't too bad and it's fairly easy to get in on a guestlist.
4	Have you been to XS? Well Welcome to Tryst (aka mini XS), not a bad thing but a perfect description. This is another great Vegas club with great music, beautiful people, and strong drinks. This palce will not dissapoint. As with many clubs of this caliber, be sure to arrive early and with cash. You'll need it.
5	While XS has replaced Tryst at the "it" club in Vegas, I think it still lives up to the hype. Check it out on a Thursday, since XS isn't open that night. The feature waterfall and dance floor that extends into the pool are unbelievable.  For a girl from DC who thought MCCXXIII was as good as it was ever gonna get, this place took my breath away.  I lucked out in that we inadvertently planned out girls weekend in Vegas during March Madness, so given the generally high guy:girl ratio we easily worked our way through the line and had a drink in our hand in 15 min.  The DJ was great and played the non-stop pop/hip-hop I was looking for to start my weekend off right.  The place was crowded, but never so packed you couldn't walk through the club. Drinks are pricey (unless you make friends who have bottle service) and cover was $20 for girls on a Thursday.  As with all the popular clubs, try to get on a list if you can.
4	The only reason why I gave this place 4 Stars is because my friend had hook-ups and got a BIG group of girls AND guys in for free without wait. No matter where you go in Vegas, guys usually have to pay a lot or get bottle service. But the fact that we didn't have to do this was AWEEESOME. Tryst is bad if you're drunk. There's a lot of stairs so have fun trying to navigate your way up the stairs without falling on your face. So make sure to use one of your friends as crutches ;) Tryst definitely has more of a first impression WOW factor than XS. As soon as you walk in, you see the ginormous waterfall right behind the dance floor. The crowd also seems to be older than the XS crowd and the club is smaller. Drinks are typical Vegas prices aka not cheap. I wish the dance floor was bigger, but whatever.. you can kind of dance anywhere/everywhere in the club. There's also a few "stripper poles" (What is it with girls and stripper poles? I swear, EVERY girl I know always gravitates towards them after like half a shot..) so have fun with it if you're drunk or pretending to be drunk. Would I come back? Probably if a friend was having a birthday party or whatnot. I'm still a bigger fan of XS :)
3	This place is pretty big like all Vegas clubs. There's a large open dance floor area, then off to the sides are VIP areas, and sofas, and stripper poles. Then there's also the outside area for more VIPs, and then there's a small area to stand on to look at the water wall that says Tryst. It had good music, and lots of people. We left at 4am and the party was still going on.
4	Same layout as XS...Promoters are awesome. I liked that I didn't have to wait in line because I called the promoter a day in advance. Crowd is pretty cool. Good times!
5	One of my favorite clubs in Vegas. The girls in our group got in free and I believe the guys paid $30. Everything's so beautiful once you're in. The waterfall is a lovely thing to see in a club. I'll always remember this place fondly because I was forced by evil girlfriends into talking to a group of guys who had bottle service. They were flirting for some alcohol and the guys wanted to talk to the birthday girl, which was unfortunately me. They literally dragged me over so I chatted with them for awhile. They told me they were from Canada and the most bold guy said he was a surgeon. I love medicine and I want to go in that field so I started asking him all these questions about medical schools there, their version of the board exam, etc. And homeboy says, "Oh you just take a test and then you're a doctor." Then he proceeded to lean over to his friend and told him, "Ey. I told her I'm a doctor k?" FAIL. Best part of the night though was when one of my girlfriends ended up making out with one of the guys from the table. Her nose ended up bleeding and blood got all over the guy's white shirt. Win!!
3	We waited in the short line to get in with our free passes.  Once inside, the place is big and really pretty.  There are different bar areas, the waterfall is gorgeous!  I like how everything is set up with different areas for bottle service.  Of course we can't afford $400+ for ONE bottle, but we were able to lounge around till someone bought the area.  Another thing, the music sucks.  We tried getting into it, but the DJ just wasn't good.  And this is coming from someone that will dance to anything when tipsy!
5	YES YES YES! I have a new found love for Tryst! Until I visited Tryst last weekend, my favorite place to be in Vegas was Tao. It probably still is. But let me just say that Tryst is running a close 2nd for sure! Beautiful decor, and above all else, we had a great experience here.We got ourselves put on the guest list through their website (Please note: You must do this at least 7 days in advance and a promoter will text you with confirmation the day of). Also, THEY WILL NOT PUT A GUY'S NAME ON THE GUEST LIST! So make sure you register with one of the females in your party. Being on the guest list almost always saves you time waiting in line and reduces your cover, if you have to pay at all. The only bad thing I have to say about Tryst is that the line at the door seemed very unorganized. We arrived at the club around 11 pm, where there was one single file line for everyone, and you had to fight for the attention of the ONE worker with a clipboard to notify them that you had a table or were on guest list. Otherwise, you continue to wait with those who are general admission. We waited about 15 minutes in line before I FINALLY grabbed a worker's attention, and then we were walked right in and did not pay any cover charges (1 male, 1 female). OK, that made up for waiting in line! :)When we got in, we made our way over to the bar and got drinks fairly quickly, and then were almost immediately drawn to the breathtaking waterfall, where we spent a few minutes taking pictures and warming up by the heaters. Beautiful place & it was just busy enough to be fun on a Friday night :) We got a few shots from the pretty girls walking around with them, and had such a blast! Also, they have a pole there that anyone can get up & dance on.. Lots of people took advantage of that opportunity for sure! Great go-go dancers, and sexy bartenders. Very attentive staff (other than at the door) and an awesome place to be overall. I will be back for sure!
4	We walked in the door.  The music was loud, the crowd a mix of beautiful people and people not wearing nearly enough clothes, and wandered down the spiral staircase.Enter GIGANTIC waterfall.  Enter strong cocktails.I spent a good portion of the evening waxing poetic about the waterfall, pity the people I met.  Good times.
3	The best thing and main attraction is the lighted waterfall. Makes a gorgeous background when taking pictures. Otherwise it's just another Vegas club - crowded, crowded, CROWDED!
4	I'm not a clubber.  I got dragged by my friend and her husband.  After navigating the confusing line, we were ushered right in because we were on the list (2 girls, 2 guys) and then I saw the waterfall!  outdoor element made up for being in a club.  You could BREATHE! (unlike Tao).  Nicest bouncers in town.  even though it was busy, they have us a table to sit at until the purchasing party arrived (which wasn't until 1:30am!) and we got waitress service!  Outside the music was at a level where you could still talk.  Inside it looked like typical clubbing revelry, so if thats your scene, have fun!  Great place to go with non-clubbing friends so you can all have a good time.
3	This place is just ok. The place is beautiful but soo dark. It is way too expensive but thank god we were on a guestlist. I ordered 3 red bulls and kettle one and a glass of champagne an the bill came to $65. The crowd is very snotty but I guess for what they pay to be here they feel they deserve to be. They have a stripper poll but they wouldn't let anyone near it but I am pretty sure there were strippers and hookers walking around all over t his place. Girls had on dresses where their entire behinds were hanging out and then others had their chests completely exposed. I am all for dressing sexy but if I am going to go out to a classy upscale place, I don't want to be hanging out with Trash.
4	Neat setup with a pool and waterfall on the other side of the dance floor. Vegas priced drinks, but enough bars to keep the wait short. The dress code was a bit relaxed, lots of sneakers and jeans, but they had a great dj.
5	The Wynn just knows how to do it right.  Much like the the only 5 star hotel in Vegas, Tryst manages to keep itself above the rest of the competition for being one of the best places in Vegas to party.  With a very organized staff, excellent management, awesome decor, with an outstanding array of music and with plenty of diverse eye candy, it doesn't really get much better than this.Like all Vegas nightclubs, getting in touch with a promoter is essential.  Unless one has been in the front of the line for awhile, its the best option to get in here before the wait becomes too overwhelming.  Having a lot of girls in the group doesn't hurt either, but I digress.The club is beautiful. The posh interior is a great mix of chic with a dash of class.  Ample plush lounges surround the dance floor and the place is definitely on par with the Wynn's sophisticated theme.  Even the bathrooms which I first predicted to be disgusting and barfed up, were clean and well maintained with attendants.Getting to the bar is not difficult on some nights (like Thursday), but on the packed weekends it becomes more of a chore than anything.  The best bet would be to secure a table before hand and ordering from a cocktail waitress.  At least there is a spot to dump your stuff (if you avoid the $5.00 coat check) and someone who can bring drinks while you and your group are busting a move on the dance floor.  Just don't expect the prices to be anywhere near decent ($12+ per cocktail) but at least the drinks are strong.Dancing here is not as cramped as some other places are along the strip and the music is an excellent mix of everything from Top 40s, Hip Hop, Trance, House, Latin, and Indian music.  Typically they have an outside celebrity DJ scratching up some fresh beats and rarely does it sound like someone is just playing CDs.  Speaking of celebrities, don't be surprised at any random sightings as it is Vegas after all.  A guaranteed find is usually on a weekend night in a VIP booth that is sealed off with a red velvet and a couple of bodyguards -- which usually means they're guarding someone important.I still remember when this place was called La Bete.  With some minor renovations, the folks have done a tremendous job in creating the ultimate nightlife spot in Las Vegas.
1	I came here on a Thursday night. 3 guys for every girl. If I was gay, I probably would've rated this place at 11 stars. But I'm not. So you lose 10 stars.
4	I personally do not partake in the night life as much as some treat going out in Vegas like its an Olympic event, but when i do have friends/ family that do request the party scene Tryst has got to be my number 1, mainly because of how it has treated me on every level. Just like going out to dinner i demand service if i am going to visit a location and spend my hard earned dollars. A Saturday night was planned and my group arrived early with a solid guy/girl ratio (more girls of course) but even when it was even guy/girl i still havent had issues. There was a herd of people in line as to be expected on a fight night in Vegas id estimate about 200 outside trying to get in. Having previously made arrangements with a promoter friend it was just a matter of having to grab the clipboard master (Talya this night, fyi love her VERY to the point im gonna do this and be right back for you... and she did. shes A+)  and disclose a name. This is the part where it makes or breaks me coming back to this place, if i receive any hassles at this point i will not return as whats the point of previously making connected arrangements to just be hassled at the door cause i have a penis (im sorry). EVERY time i have come to Tryst and done this the CB Master pulls the rope, parts the crowd and allows me through without hitch with my party, because of this simple treatment i make sure to to give back to the establishment and spend my money there without blinking an eye. Consistent every time i come so big points for this. The clubs as previously stated before is obviously gorgeous, not too busy now that every body seems to leg hump XS these days which is fine cause i dont want people steppin on my Puma anyway. And the DJ isnt the best ive heard but its not bad either as he plays stuff i can dance to, except i dunno when he mixes that Cyndi Lauper in i just cant dance as it makes me feel kinda... yeah. The bar staff mixes well from what i got and the outside element of the club really helps out with coolin off while dancing. My party was quite impressed as everybody is who i have brought here and i will continue to return as they treat you right minus the snooty attitude... love that. Only reason why it gets 4 and not 5 stars is questionable, as its to be expected in Las Vegas to spend and arm, leg and a forehead on drinks in Vegas. But i still have to mention it as a negative because it is to me and probably about half of Yelp as well, doesnt mean ill stop coming because of this, just means i wish they weren't this much is all. Domestic beers = $10 Mixed drinks =$15 on average Shot girls walking around = $12
4	We ended up at Tryst because of some lame promoter that said he was going to take care of us over at XS failed to mention that he wasn't working that night?! Ugh, so since we weren't able to get into XS, we decided to go to Wynn, on the other side of the Wynn properties and check out Tryst. The lame promoter, wasn't a good for nothing after all, he text'd my gf and said that he felt bad so if we mention his name at Tryst, we won't have to pay for admission. It actually worked but we were really looking forward to getting into XS, oh well, we made the best of what we had I can tell ya that! The thing that makes Tryst stand out compared to other clubs, is their waterfall. Nicely lit, color changing lights and when you want to take a break from ruining your ear drums, you can take a seat at the tables, if no ones reserved it of course and the waterfall also makes for great photo opps with your friends. Music was OK the night we were there, nothing that impressed me.
4	So first me and my friends were in Blush at the Wynn also.  It wasn't that great so we decided to check out Tryst.  The place was really nice.  It was huge and had a nice waterfall.  I didn't like how crowded it was.  Got pushed around a lot.  Not good when wearing heels.  The music was better at Tryst.  I would like to go back there in the future.  The Wynn is a great choice to check out Las Vegas nightlife.
4	The hot clubs that I kept hearing about that I HAD to go to included Tryst @ the Wynn. I found out why as soon as I stepped into the club. As stated in every review for this club, the huge waterfall is gorgeous and a great backdrop for the dance floor! My 8 friends and I arrived here at about 10:30 PM on a Friday night and there was already a line formed. Luckily guys with clipboards were going up and down the line asking if anyone was on a guest list (I was able to put my friends and I one prior to our visit that would get us in for free before 11PM). Once I told them I was on one they pulled us out of the line. The ladies were comped but they would only comp as many guys as there were to girls, so one of my guy friends ended up having to pay $30. Still not bad! As soon as you walk in, you see the beautiful waterfall behind the dance floor. There are 2 dancers on both sides of the waterfall. The area by the waterfall gets crowded fast since its outdoors and a great place to take a break from the crowded, packed dance floor. Music was ok, they played a mix of Top 40, R&B, House, & Hip-hop. Mixed drinks averaged $12. We had a great time!
5	My favorite nightclub in Vegas right now. I've heard of some ridiculous cover charges for the weekend but we were able to avoid all of that by going on a Thursday night and the place was still packed! The waterfall at the backdrop to the club is very cool and the dance floor was in an area that had a good flow of air so it wasn't crazy sweaty hot. Drinks are the most expensive here about $14 for a mixed drink but I never waited all that long for a drink. The tables here look to be good but it's not necessary to get one in order to have a good time.
4	Last year, the place we had to go was XS.  This year, it was Tryst.  We had a group of 12 and one of our friends managed to get us on the guest list.  That was lucky for us because by the time we got there around 10 or so, there was already a good length line.  The bouncers took those with table service first and then moved on to the guest list.  Our group walked in for free and went straight to the gorgeous waterfall to take pictures before the crowd made it impossible to do so.  What else could we do but go to the bar.  They played some good Top 40 music mixed with some classic dance music.  The bathrooms here are really nice and clean.  Tryst is significantly smaller than XS so it seemed like it was wall-to-wall people.  After a couple of drinks, though, it didn't really matter as long as my friends and I were dancing.  The only thing I can complain about is that, as with many other Vegas clubs, you literally have to pay for a place to sit down.  Otherwise, I'd come back for sure.
3	ya know...this club would probably bad ass if ive never been to xs before...sorry...its way smaller...but the waterfall is pretty nice. the set up is pretty much the exact same tho.
5	Oh Tryst, how I love you for comping the ladies, as it should be! It was my second time here this weekend and I must say that both times I've been here has been a good experience. I love how all the dancers do the same dance and not just the really skanky boooty dance that you find at LA clubs. Seriously, I would sometimes just watch the dancers and think, "wow, I love how they're all synchronized and they can actually dance!". I love the waterfall and it makes a great background for pics with your friends. This is still one of the best clubs in Vegas and I don't care what anybody says.
4	This past Saturday evening we got the hookup to Tryst after some douche-bag promoter failed to notify us that our reserved table at XS was not really reserved.  Luckily, I called ahead to find this out and ended up saving face at the front door and wasted time.Thankfully all was not lost, a friend of ours knew the event manager at Tryst, and we secured a last minute reservation for a table and bottle service for the five of us.  After sitting down around 10:30, we had no idea what to expect.  The table stools were a little uncomfortable but our spot next to the water and waterfall was ideal; we could actually have a conversation without blaring music, and being outside on a cool evening in the desert was perfect.  Bottle service  is the way to go if you have a group of people, since you end up waiting in line for drinks and you actually have a spot to sit and enjoy the debauchery that a club in Vegas provides on a Saturday night.  Service was great, our server was beautiful, was on the spot, and made our evening and reunion trip memorable.  We may have been somewhat obnoxiously drunk towards the end of the night, but hopefully the $400 tip appeased her.  Overall, good music, good service, good-looking women (from what I can remember), and a beautiful venue.  As I have no basis for comparison, since I'm not a big club guy, a night at Tryst will not disappoint.
2	Small club.Only nice part is the waterfall. Wouldn't be my first choice to party here.
5	Both of my experiences at Tryst have been short and fun, but I'm determined to come here and linger for a little while longer next time. That, plus I am destined to take a clear shot of their waterfall with my camera. (Argh!) The place has become slightly less crowded, seeing as its sister club XS has been getting all the clout lately. I've made efforts to get myself in before (i.e. free passes from the gift shop and meeting up with a friend), so no worries, I WILL be back, camera (and possibly bottle) in hand!
4	Tryst is a nice club.  It reminds me of XS except not as hott.  The water fall like everyone is talking about is nice too.  I felt that the DJ was ok... again, not as cool as XS.  This club also seems smaller than XS... In short, try XS first before you try tryst.
4	Came here this past saturday nite, when Vegas was uber-crowded.  Originally wanted to go to XS, but the line went all the way to the Wynn, so we tried Tryst.  Even that was crowded.  We decided to wait it out at the bar nearby and by the time we finshed a drink the line was MUCH shorter! About 25 min later we were in at $20/person.. not bad!  The place was packed- shoulder to shoulder!  Music was not bad either.  We headed to the bar where I nearly had a heartattack.  A lemon drop martini : $17! Wtf.  Who charges that much? Even the bar in the lobby charged less!!! I bought three drinks totalling $47! WTF. THREE DRINKS!?  Ok fine.. the cover was a bit less than expected.. Aside from that, we sat in the reserved area, without having a reservation and the bouncers didnt care.  In fact one even came up to us just joking around for the heck of it, but didnt mind that we sat there.  Not bad at all.  I personally XS more, but really this wasnt a bad alternative.  But I wouldnt mind coming back here again since I did have such a great time~!
4	I like the fact that its small, not crowded, and not filled with the douche bag gang. The place is beautiful. I dont like using the word sexy to describe a place but this was definitely sexy. ( i know, I'm lame). The music was great, so were the drinks, because they kept those suckers coming. I will be back.
4	Great dance music, but you have to be able to handle a crowd!!
4	Beautiful club with fun music and fun people. It's a small club but it doesn't need to get any bigger either. What I really like about that a lot of it is outside. There is a huge waterfall outside that you can see from the inside and on the dance floor. Since the dance floor opens to the outside, it keeps everyone cooled down while dancing and it gives a great view. Music is also great. The only time I stopped dancing the entire night was to take a sip from my drink.
4	Tryst was  the best club I visited during my past trip to Vegas.I prefer Tryst over XS cause it isn't as jam packed. I opted for bottle service since we had 6 guys and 3 girls. Got to the club, talked to the clipboard lady and off we went into a separate line.  The girls were on guest ist thru the VIP host I had to keep the bottle min down. If you want the name of the host, PM me, he took care of me at Tryst and can do XS as well.I had a table outside near the waterfall ( by request) since it allows some air after dancing it up on the dance floor. Service was good cept the waitress which I didnt see much of all night. The barback was doing an awesome job refilling the mixers and cleaning up the dirty glasses. I gave him a tip and he took care of the group with unlimited bottle waters all night long. Tip your bar back, they will take care of you.The club is spacious and lots of beautiful people all around!  The waterfall is super nice! The people were all nice, music is great, overall a great time!
5	I went to Tryst on 6/19/10 and I must say that this club is very classy.  There is a beautiful waterfall that looks amazing!  The cover charge was $25.00 per person.  I'm not sure how much the drinks were since I didn't pay for my own.  Overall this club is nice!  The next time that I visit Vegas, I will try XS.
3	Went here w my friends for my birthday in June. It was a Thursday night around 1030 and the place was already PACKED!! This club is just beautiful with a sexy romantic sultry atmosphere. The waterfall is so pretty with the lights... but this club is MUCH smaller than it's sibling XS. The bouncers here aren't exactly the nicest people and they talked to you based on looks and money. There is no separate line for the guestlist, basically everyone is in the same line and you have to get the attention of the bouncers who will then check you off and let you in. However, the bouncers will ignore you and go to those that dress all sluty first or had money in their hands. I saw older people slipping in 100 dollar bills... ha, as if!! My friends and I tried to get the attention of several, and they'd be like ok, wait, and then walk off to someone else. ... anyways, finally got the attention of one that actually gave us the time of day and he checked us off and let our group in. I prefer the clubs that have separate lines... at least then I don't feel so self conscious!!Anyways, nice club, but the chances of me coming back on the the snobbing atmosphere is slim. It is gorgeous though!! But I'd definitely say this is a club that you have to check out.
4	On a July 4th weekend, this place still had a pretty awesome atmosphere. The line was a bit of wait then again what place doesn't especially on a holiday weekend. However, if you know somebody working here, I would suggest taking advantage of hitting this place up.The waterfall and the outside area gave the whole night a much better experience. The music for the most part was good to dance to and the drinks were mixed well and strong enough to get the night rolling on. However, drinks seemed a bit pricey compared to other clubs ($12-17 - mixed drinks) The place eventually got insanely packed by midnight where you can hardly get around without squeezing through packs of people. There is no separate line for guestlist or table service. The staff goes down the line and calls out to people when asking whether you or your group is on the list. I'd definitely would go back to this place again.
1	I dont even wanna give this place a 1 star. I've been to this place like 4 yrs ago and didnt like it then... i don't know why i came here again... maybe kuz it was free. I went here with my kuzins last month and it was sooo garbage... music was garbage.... the hip hop and r&b music that they did play was garbage... the crowd was lookn garbage to me... u got folks that are really dressed up and others really dressed down, then other females didnt know whether to be dressed up or down, so they jus combined both and wore a dress with flip flops - WTF is that?!?!!!!!! i know vegas is a tourist spot and the age range varies... but i dont like goin 2 clubs where i see older folks there... like folks that look like they're my parents age or even older... that kills it for me.. ive never been 2 a club in vegas that was sooo diverse with age... there's sum that look like they jus turned 21 and others that look like their pushin 50+... the dance flr is too damn small... the lounge area is bigger than the dance flr but u gotta getta damn loan jus to sit in the lounge area. so ur stuck with jus standing on the dance floor even tho u aint tryna dance kuz the music is garbage!If ur a person that dont care bout the music or crowd, then this might be the spot for u. But for those experienced clubbers that are kinda particular w/the clubs to hit - then this is not the spot u wanna be in!
5	I've been to Tryst and overall, it's been pretty good, I'd have to say.  Pretty much, you can walk in expecting it to be very similar to XS, but not as big, without a pool, but with a giant waterfall Lol.  The waterfall is probably the club's biggest attraction.  It's right outside the club and pretty nice to take pictures of and makes the area around it a bit cooler, but that's about it.Getting in can be pretty rough, but not nearly as bad as XS or TAO.  Promoters here are usually pretty friendly and pretty good about getting you in and treating you well.  If not, guys will generally pay the usual $30 cover charge if they're all in dress shoes and a collared button up shirt.  Going in, it looks pretty similar to XS.  There's a light of lights around the whole place that make it look really elegant and sexy, and in the middle is the dance floor.  It's not too big, but it's not tiny.  It's decently sized, probably the same as XS.  The music they play is pretty much House music also, with a little bit of top 40 and other popular songs mixed in every so often.  The crowd isn't as young as XS, probably slightly older but not too old.  But people here are generally pretty good about having fun on their own and not getting in the way of your fun.  People are just here to party, and if they want you to join, they'll invite you, whether it's for a dance, a drink, or just a good time.  It's a really nice environment and really nice atmosphere.Drinks here are just as good as they get.  I've never had a problem with bad tasting drinks.  They make the drinks to look and taste right, which is awesome!  And as usually they're the general ~$14 cocktail price.  They have pretty good-looking go-go dancers and bartenders, good drinks, good music, good crowd, good environment, so I don't really know how you could really go too wrong with Tryst.  It's definitely a place I don't mind coming back for.
4	If you get in by midnight then you are lucky. But it it well worth the visit, the setting for this club is quite surreal and the dress code is well observed by both gentlemen and ladies. How well a night you will have will definitely depend on the music. But the waterfall will put a smile on your face.
5	A lot can be said about the nightclub that inspired XS! Tryst is a more intimate atmosphere and you can't beat the 90 foot waterfall that spills into a lagoon just off the dancefloor patio. A trip to Vegas isn't complete without making a stop by Tryst!
4	After 6 different trips to Vegas, I finally got to visit Tryst two weeks ago.  First off, IMO I think it's the nicest club I've seen in Vegas so far.  The fountain is beautiful, and the decor is very chic.  Not to mention on an extremely hot summer night like when I was there, the breeze coming off the fountain is extremely nice.      Now to get it out of the way here are the bad things about the club. If you're not doing bottle service, getting a drink is pretty damn expensive here, even compared to other LV clubs.  I think a Red Bull & Vodka ran around $15 and a Long Island was close to $17 or $18. So guys, if you're planning on drinking (or paying for) more than 4-5 drinks at Tryst, you might as well get a table (if you're with a group).  Also there are not enough bars for this size club, and it also appeared like there were not enough bartenders either. Because again even compared to other major night clubs in LV, it seemed like an eternity to finally get my drink.  Although I did not do bottle service this time around, I have done bottle service at other clubs and have researched bottle service at Tryst a few other times. Their pricing is one of the most expensive on the strip. Easily about $50-100 more per bottle than the other clubs. Also while walking in the club, they even have tables that aren't even really IN the club. Pray you don't get stuck there.Also I noticed there weren't many servers/assistants per table, and there were definitely no velvet ropes & bouncers to make space for people who paid for bottle service. This is a huge part of the VIP treatment, and I just feel like people who were paying for bottle service at Tryst given the above may not have been getting their money's worth compared to other clubs like Tao or Jet.  Anyway if you're going to do bottle service, if you're going on a hot day. I recommend outside near the fountain. It's much cooler than inside, you get a beautiful view and unlike Tao, even if you're outside, the doors are all opened up so it doesn't feel like you're separated from the rest of the club.  You're still in the action, but at the same time will have your own private area so you're not stuck with too many people walking by and annoying you. Space to dance, etc.How's the scene here. Primarily white crowd in their mid 20s.  The mix is definitely 60/40 girls to guys ratio.  And to tell you the truth, I didn't see nearly as many douche Jersey Shore wannabes as in other clubs here. So I actually enjoyed the crowd. Just watch out for people who don't know how to walk through a crowd holding a cigarette. But then again that's any club.Oh for you guys out there, the go-go dancers are pretty hot. Although believe it not, I think one of the bartenders was actually hotter than the go-go dancers. But Tao does a much better job with their girls kicking back practically naked in bathtubs thing. Anyway, I still think Tryst is a beautiful club. Thankfully I was a guest of the hotel. So I did not have to wait in line to get in, all I had to do was pay admission in advance, but much easier and cheaper to get in the club then paying for a table ( I wasn't with a large group this time).I am curious to do bottle service sometime in the future here, but again given the pricing and the service appearance (compared to the other places I've done bottle service). I may hold back. The fountain is definitely cool though, and the half inside half outside dance floor was awesome as well.~G
5	Reminds me of XS, but smaller. Like the sister club. Guys paid $30 cover. Place is nice. has a waterfall inside. Went on a Thursday and wasn't super jammed. had space to dance.
3	I think Tryst must have been minus 20 people from violating some kind of fire code.  We were packed thisclose with everyone.  And overcrowded is an understatement.  Aside from the crampedness and nonexistence of a personal bubble, I liked the view of the Wynn's waterfall and outdoor patio area.Drinks are priced at about what you would expect at a Vegas bar ~$15 for a long island. The music was decent.  A no smoking regulation cannot come soon enough to Vegas.  Be prepared to leave smelling like cigs.
5	Vegas is known for their club scene and if you've been to Tryst you know why.  Once you enter the club, you're taken down a set of stairs to enter the club.  The view once you turn the corner cannot be matched.  You will hear the sound of fabulous music and you will see the best view - a jam packed dance floor with crazy lighting and in the background an amazing waterfall.  What other club can you find a view like that???  We were there for a friend's bachelorette party and there were 10 of us.  I contacted a VIP host earlier that week and he was able to set us up with a table with buy one, get one free bottle deal.  We were able to get 2 Liter bottles of Grey Goose and a table right in front of the waterfall for $500.  How can you beat that deal?  The music was fabulous and the club was filled with beautiful people.  Our waitress (Kat) was so friendly!  She made all our drinks for us and made sure we were taken care of.  I agree with other reviewers, if you are going with a group, its definitely more affordable to get bottle service.  I could see how the night could get pricey if you didn't.  I bought 10 lemon drop shots and the bill was over $100.  I bought 2 Patron shots and that was $30.  Good thing we had 2 bottles of goose to hold us over, otherwise it would have been one expensive night!  I will definitely be coming to Tryst whenever I visit Vegas.  But here's some advice - even though gratuity is included, tip your waitress extra!  They work hard, make you drinks, have to walk around in uncomfortable corsets all night with creeps grabbing on them all night.  If you think your waitress did a great job, then tip her extra!  If you want to try the club scene in Vegas, Tryst should be your first stop (and XS your second :-), LOL)
3	this was my second time going to Tryst. Didn't really like it back then, but decided to give it another shot since it was free. we had no problem getting in thanks to people who knew people who knew other people. that sorta thing. we were in a BIG group too. i want to say about 20+ with us. everyone got in free, even the guys! the atmosphere and the decorations are nice. very chic place. The waterfall was really cool too! now, just like other reviews state, this club was packed! we could barely walk around everyone and when we finally made it to the bar, it took about forever and a day to get our drinks. they need more bars and bartenders at this place! one bartender seemed really grumpy and she was so slow i was questioning whether she was new at this or not! since this place was soo packed, you could only imagine how hot it was inside. the boyfriend and i tried to make our way out by the waterfall, which was challenging, but we finally got there and it was wayyy more hot outside than inside even with the water being right there! duh... it would seem obvious that crazy hot summer vegas nights never get cool! unfortunately we didnt remember that. lol. anyways, after being at this club for only about 45-1 hr we decided to leave because it was too hot and packed. i dont know about you, but i dont really like hot sweaty strangers rubbing up against me.
4	Tryst is definitely one of the prettiest clubs I've ever been in! Not in terms of the people per se, but the actual club itself! As soon as you walk in, you see a beautiful waterfall in the front. Without it, Tryst would look just like any average old club. My friends and I weren't in here for very long... maybe about 30 min because we had a deal with our promoter where we had to go to Tryst for a little bit before we went to XS. But I wouldn't have minded staying at Tryst for longer! It's definitely not as crowded or as poppin' as XS but the music was pretty good and I liked the whole atmosphere. Overall, decent Vegas club.
4	So, I've been to XS, Tao, and Jet and I can honestly say I enjoyed Tryst a lot more than those clubs. Of course, everyone has differing opinions and what they view as "fun," but I'll try my best to be objective as possible (and probably fail miserably).When I've gone to XS, Tao, or Jet we always went late like 11 or midnight and it was always jammed packed. I hate it being so hot and musty and really hard to move 10 feet. For Tryst, my friends and I went early to actually enjoy the club scenery - after all, you see pictures and advertisements about a club, but never enjoy the ambiance and decorations because you're too focused trying to dance to some Usher. We got in real early - 10:30ish and it was worth it. Like people have said before, this is really one of the prettiest clubs in Vegas. The waterfall is amazingly nice. There's nothing like dancing with your friends and watching the waterfall at the same time. I can't put it into words.As for the crowd, understand I'm not the type to go hunting for women (no homo). I really enjoy just going with my buddies and just dancing around. I never really try to "get at" or "holla" (as the cool kids call it) at random women at a club. Just know everyone looked sharp dressed up because of the dress attire requirement.As for price, we rolled pretty deep (like, 13 guys and 11 girls). While the girls got in free due to a promoter, we had to pay the $30 cover charge. I'm not, like, popular or anything, but I rarely pay for a Vegas club. Hell, anyone can with the right ratio and numbers. That being said, I did not mind one bit paying $30 to get in. I had so much fun at the club with my friends and just dancing the night away that you really can't put a price on that (unless the cover was $100, then we would have a problem).As for the music. I'm a fan of top 40 hits and other popular songs. These songs are fun to dance to especially when you know the words and can enjoy it with other people who know the words. Like when "Blow the Whistle" by Too Short comes on and everyone goes "B*TCH" - always a great club moment. Tryst had these things UNTIL midnight. From midnight to 1:15 AM, it was mostly house music with popular songs rarely coming on. This, and the club beginning to crowd up to XS status caused me to leave. This is why Tryst didn't get that 5th star.That being said, I enjoyed myself immensely. Hopefully you will, too. Thanks for reading.
5	The waterfall scenery hits you as you walk into Tryst, and it's absolutely beautiful !I like that a portion is outdoors facing the waterfall, yet there's A/C b/c most of the club is indoors of course. Our bachelorette party of 7 girls got there fairly early -  before 10ish? and it wasn't that packed until around midnight we felt like we were packed in like sardines and I was ready to get outta there. The music was Da bomb and the crowd was energetic and interactive. A fun place to be :)
3	A mini XSin the WynnI see Tryst Waterfall.
4	Solid spot.  Love the waterfall.  Not too big, not too small.  Word up to the DJ from Cali who played "California Love" and some E-40, even though it wasn't accessible to all the crowd.  And my it was a huge crowd on a Saturday night!  I'm glad I got to sit a lot!Bottle service was excellent.   The waitress was really on top of it.  Couldn't really tell you how many bottles of Belvedere we went through, but I know she brought new ones expediently, mixed us drinks, and kept people  organized.  Bottle service definitely made this place a worth while time.  I can't tell you if it is worth the money because I didn't pay to experience said bottle service.  But that's they way the world works if you are wearing a short skirt and heels *wink*Overall, if you plan on giving the Wynn Corporation your hard earned cash, I'd go with XS because it is hands down more extravagant, but this is a good time if you don't want to deal with the lines at XS.
4	Still my favorite club on Thursdays!
4	Nothing like partying it up at Tryst VIP Style.  And when I say VIP. . . I mean straight up V.I.P!My girls and I were fortunate enough to not  have to wait in those ridiculously crazy long lines, pay cover, AND we were even blessed with a paid for VIP section all to ourselves with endless amounts of Patron and Gray Goose with mixers served with our very own exclusive server, thanks to a certain famous football player, who was cool enough to hook us up that night!  Can you say, hella blessed? With that said, Tryst is beautiful!  There's an amazing waterfall that greets you once you enter inside and there's gorgeous dancers propped up on each side seducing you with their moves at the main dance floor.  I literally dropped my jaw upon entering this place, since I've never been.  My girls and I sat at the VIP booth near the DJ and we just OWNED it!  Hell, we even got our own bodyguard who made sure nobody stepped  on our toes cause we ended up taking our heels off, got on the seats, and danced the night away!  Thank GOD, I didn't have a "Snookie Moment" like the one she had when she was in AC.  That would've been all bad.  The music here was good for the most part.  It was a mixture of Techno and Hip Hop, but more so Hip Hop the night we came.  The crowd was also super chill.  And their unisex bathroom was LEGIT!  Not awkward at some places. It was orderly and you got in and got out quick!  That's always a plus.  Oh, Tryst!  You hold such a special place in my heart!  I can't wait for our next rendevouz.
3	I am an overweight, middle-aged (39), light-drinking, middle-income generating male.  I fit right in here.   Need I say more?  Ok, so maybe I do.  This place is full of middle-aged, overweight, boring looking folk.  This place needs a rope.  I probably wouldn't have made it in if there had been, without the slight advantage of arm candy or a wad of cash pressed firmly into the hand of the bouncer.  Anyways - drinks are $14 and a soda water cost us $5, I don't care, but some people do.  If you are one of them, you probably shouldn't be in here anyways.The club scene in Las Vegas is under the gun at the moment and they let in just about anyone nowadays.  Gone are the days of exclusivity, style and class in lieu of the holy dollar.
5	We were skeptical at first...GO TO TRYST!!The club played a mixture of Hip Hop, R & B, and house music the entire night. Huge crowd of people, so it gets HOT on the small dance floor. The drinks are expensive, but well made. If you get in free like we did, you will not have a problem with purchasing drinks. Look for people giving out passes on the strip. The line gets long, so get there by 10pm or earlier.
5	Also, sorry for the confusion, I'm not sure if the buy one get one free for the bottles is a regular deal.  I think we jsut got it specifically bc my husband's friend refered us to the promotor and he's a "high roller" at the Wynn.  So I think we got the deal bc of him.  Never the less, I think in Vegas bottle service is still worth it to by pass the long lines and have a place to sit for the night.  So I'd still do it!  Tryst is worh the $$$ you spend that night.  By far the best night club in Vegas.
4	definitely one of the prettiest clubs in vegas. me and my friends always stop here for about 30 minutes because our promotor always likes to check us in here before heading off to XS for the rest of the night. so we usually down a few drinks. take a few pictures in front of the waterfall. dance with a few random dudes. then head on out just in time as XS is getting more busy.but dont get me wrong, tryst is definitely really popular as the line is always really long. a good club if your looking for a more mixed group and smaller venue, some people tend to get lost in XS because its so huge!
4	Very nice club.  I like how you walk down into a hallway and right when you look inside you see the dancers and behind them a huge oustide patio and waterfall.  The music was loud and the sound system was excellent.  There were alot of places for vips and sitting.  Also for a club, the drinks were not as expensive as I thought they would be.  They were about the same prices as the local places I go to which was decent not to get dropped a check for 200+ each time we stopped by the bar.  There was plenty of room to dance around the dance floor if you didnt want to get stuck pushing around in the center. I really like this club and is one of the better ones I've been to in vegas.  Came here at 130am on friday night/sat. morning. and it was still crowded.Love the mix of top 40s and dance music.
5	I LOVED this place.  Like most of the big clubs in Vegas, there was a line to get in, but soon enough we were in.  We opted for table service which was great because there were a lot of people there.  The place is so nice and unlike anywhere you've been before and the lagoon and waterfall absolutely magnificent.  The best place I've partied in Vegas.
4	I think this is one of my favorite spots to party. The waterfall is just beautiful and the bartender was extremely attentive. My girlfriends and I didn't have to pay cover but we def made up the difference in buying drinks. And even though drinks were expensive we didn't care because that is expected in Vegas or anywhere for that matter. Music was bomb and best part about it was that it wasn't overly packed like most clubs. Thoroughly enjoyed ourselves here.
4	what a CRAZY effing night that was. first things first if you wanna come to this club you better come early and look fitted. second you have to come with some females with you or else you're probably not gonna be able to come in. third HAVE A DAMN GOOD TIME. you're in Las Vegas for crying out loud don't be uptight, snobby, and kill joy. just let go. the only thing that sucked about that night was that sister and brother-in-law didn't get in and had the same fun as my friends did =(. be ready to dish out $$$ for the drinks here cuz they ain't cheap. the best part of the club is the view of the waterfall. it gets packed here so you might have to elbow some people to have some dancing room or better of yet make a circle like we did. best part of the night is getting drunk and dancing with married/engaged woman who are down to have some fun for just the weekend. that night was priceless
4	I celebrated my birthday here, at Tryst.  I got onto a guest list at the last minute and only had to haggle and try to get the promoter's attention for about 30 minutes. After getting her attention, I was able to walk my group in and NOT pay cover. The music was awesome, until they played some Taylor Swift song. The drinks were great and the shots servers were super friendly. The folks who partied around us were real friendly. They were real social and everyone was in good spirits. I loved that the photographer took a bunch of photos of my b-day celebration group. That made the night even more fun and memorable. The rushing waterfall was beautiful and was perfect as it provided the packed, super hot and thumping venue with a light misty breeze. This is an awesome venue. In all my trips to Vegas, I dont know why this was my 1st visit to Tryst (08/13)
4	As always a great club. But with XS and Surrender opening up recently, the crowd at Tryst has gone a bit downhill. Again, you need to know a promoter otherwise, you need to tip the bouncer and get in.
4	Love this place. Good music, strong drinks, and you gotta love the waterfall. Kind of pretentious...Get on the guest list, get bottle service, or show up with girls.
5	The older gentlemen in the Ferrari jacket made my night.  I think he's a regular because the last time I was at tryst I believe i saw him.  My gfs and i took a picture with him and i even danced with him a little.  He kissed my on the cheek.... um thanks? creepy but cute at the same time! The club itself is quite nice.  Smallish dance floor but at least you can escape outside if it gets to hot.  Crowd? kinda weird.  Not many cute people, lots of cougars. Its okay though, just drink a lot and dance the night away with friends.Why 5 stars? My ferrari man! He just cracked me up
4	Tryst was awesome. The bouncers, however, were the polar opposite (with the exception of one whose name I wish I got!). We went here for my girlfriends bachelorette and had a ball. The club itself is gorgeous. I loved the red decor, the plush couches, even the layout of the bathroom! And hello, that waterfall is amazing. The music was AWESOME - we were dancing all night. If I wasn't wearing heels, I would've danced a lot more! The drinks were standard for Vegas pricing.The bouncers really need to get over themselves. I was scolded for checking to see where the Guest List was. The guy accused me of trying to let myself into the club. Um, I wasn't anywhere near the entrance. I was standing in line and leaned over to look for someone with a clipboard.Once inside, I got yelled at for leaning against a wall (not near anyone might I add) to rest my aching feet. I was standing, watching my friends, when he asked me to skootch onto the dance floor. I said no, my feet hurt and I was resting them. I needed a good reason to move. I wasn't causing anyone harm. After stuttering over his words, not giving me a valid reason, the bouncer accused me of trying to inch my way into someone's VIP table. He said the minute he left, I was going to sit down at the table. WHAT?!?!? I was in the middle of the wall, NOT MOVING, leaning on my heels so the balls of my feet could have a break -- a good 2 feet from the table. I gave him a piece of my mind and he left me alone. The kicker is that the table didn't even notice I was there because they literally couldn't see me from where I was standing.I'll definitely visit Tryst again, but will wear more comfortable shoes this time.
5	Let's playDay: Friday, came at 9:30 and there was no line so gambled and came back at 10:10 and the line was starting to get long so I hopped in. When I first step inside this place I thought, XS!!!! but in a smaller setting. I would come back here for sure! I had so much fun, the music was crackin' and the DJ played all the songs I like and that I could dance to and of course Don't stop believing from Journey! Setting: You first walk down stairs and pay, then turn to your left and its Tryst! Water fall on the outside. I think I could actually see it from my hotel room. Everything looked very red inside assuming the couches are red, who knows it was a crazy night. There is table service and the booths look so comfy that I could sleep on them, but of course not when I'm getting my dance on. If you can't get into XS I suggest you come here!!
4	Tryst, you made my Vegas trip memorable.I went in completely sober.. I know.. strange. Got a comped table and comped drinks at the bar. So far so good.. drinks were a little weak but that's cool.. I can't expect too much from something free.. right? When I first walked in I was astounded by the waterfall. That is amazing.. it's gorgeous! I didn't dance much since my feet were killing me but I did have a GREAT time dancing in my seat.. sipping on cocktails and enjoying the atmosphere. Tryst is on the smaller side of Vegas clubs but it's all good.
5	I always have a good time at Tryst. Although, Tryst is not as big as XS, the employees are nice and the dance floor is spacious. The crowd is always pumped to be there. Great music and people with tables always offer you drinks because everyone is nice there and wants to have a good time!
4	Had a good time here, but went with an even ratio (if you have one, or a girl heavy ratio, get a promoter to get you on the list. Won't get in faster, they have "checkpoints" along the way, but you'll get in without paying cover). I don't remember much, other than having a good time, plenty of space to get my travolta on, and quick drinks. The waterfall is cool, but at the end of the day, it's a waterfall. Big deal~ Friends said that the other guests were friendly, so must have been a cool crowd. I don't know if I'll go here again because I want to try everything else first, but I would definitely not mind coming here again if a friend wanted to check it out.
5	Amazing club...intimate and full of hotties. The waterfall and central dance floor was great. The stage dancers could seduce anyone, man or woman.The music was just incredible, non-stop hip-hop with no breakdowns, few remixes and breaking out the Drake later into the night.....incredible.Bottle service is top notch....no pushing of drinks and great mixing and waitresses who know how to entertain without being obtrusive. You'd be insane to do it anywhere else. Ask your host to hook you up with a table near the dance floor. Props to Ariel for taking care of us.If you're not into a packed zoo and just want to share a good time with friends, this place is your best bet.
2	I thought Tryst was gonna be a coo club since it was at the Wynn.  Friends and I got in for free and didn't have to wait in line.  Walked down the stairs, through a dark hallway...and walked in this really classy club with a waterfall!  Pretty!  Girls and I took some patron shots and headed to the dance floor.  Music was so not up to par... even Koi/Ultra Lounge was WAY better!  It was like they were trying to mix all the genres of music.  Two songs of hip hop, two songs of pop, two songs of house...etc.  It really didn't flow well.  We went on a Saturday night.I must say though....such a diverse group of people under one roof.  I don't like when clubs are all Asian or too whatever.  But this place wasn't.  All nationalities, all ages.  We saw an old Asian man with his younger women, dancing!!!  I saw some "seasoned" women on the dance floor as well.  There was one "waitress" carrying some patron shots in her little carrier.  $12/shot.  We handed her $80 for five shots.  We said give us $10 back.  She looked at us crazy.  She gave us $5.  Then my friend said give us another $5.  She gave us a cockeyed look again.  She whispered something in my friend's ear.  My friend yelled back and said..."WE GAVE YOU $80!!  I think $10 is enough tip for nothing."  Not sure what happened after that.  I took my shot and was done with the dumb girl drama.  This club wasn't worth it.  I don't think I'd ever go back here.
5	I visited Tryst for an hour and hit the craps tables on the casino floor. haha It was a first but I won big. But the hour that I spent at Tryst was fun. The decor is very similar to XS. Nice club with a great DJ.
4	Tryst is another example of elegance and beauty coming from Steve Wynn. The dimly-lit, red velvet themed club that opens up to a cascading waterfall sets it apart from most other clubs, although XS takes the crown for being the most gorgeous I've been to.Also, unlike XS, Tryst has full comps for groups if you know the right promoter. That's the reason we chose to come here this time around, as XS's cover shot up to $100 for guys on a Saturday night.. no thanks!The indoor dance floor isn't too big, but it just seems smaller since there isn't an open outdoor area to walk around. Once it cleared out a little later, we were able to sit down at a velvet red lounge area next to the stripper poles ;)The music was typical top 40's/mashups/dance music.. the crowd.. from what I remember (eeeep) was young and good looking since Tryst is still considered a hot spot. My group of girls got macked on within minutes.. (no grenades here! :D)Good times here, especially with no cover or wait, which is always a plus in Vegas!
5	Tryst - my favorite club in the entire VEGAS. I just love love love this place. Maybe because it is so easy and fast to get in - guys and girls. I think all the times we were here, I didn't have to pay (yay for that). I love how it is not too crowded and I have room to form a little circle on the dance floor with my friends. Will be coming back here each time I am in Vegas!!
3	To be honest I expected more.  We had a table and our hostess/waitress was cute and very nice.  But the overall vibe at the club was odd.  There were all sorts of people and not very many of them all that attractive.  The music was good, but I just thought the vibe was off.  Maybe it's because our group was not on E, but I left there wanting more.
3	Wow, where do I even start.  I guess i shall start off with the good!  I signed up on Tryst guest list directly off of the web.  The guest list confirmation stated that 'might' be reasonable to pay $20 (for the ladies)!  We ended up paying Nada! Woohoo, one star.  The decor is a serious WOW!  Amazing is an understatement-  One star.  We were standing againist the wall taking in the place and all the people, and an employee came over and told me that the did not sell out all of the VIP booths and they will open up and we could sit at the booths; One star.   Now to the ugly.  Lining up to check in to bypass the line (maybe 20 people) the couple in front were treated horrible by a women with the power of the guest list clip board. The couple were guest at the Wynn an just were given complementary passes into the club after watching a show at Wynn. But the clipboard gal could care less and she displayed this verbally and was very apparent in her emotionless facial expressions.  While she was attending to that couple a staff member told me to go to the other clipboard holder and let him know I am on the list.  The guy told me to wait until he went to assist another matter and that he would be right back.  He came back but not to help me but the couple behind and passed me up.  The emotionless gal let me in.  Now to the serious issue at hand.  The damm DJ (I think spider) sucked ass!  We got in the club at 11:30 and by 1 am he had played Eye of the Tiger THREE times!  Yes, I sure did did say the Eye of the Tiger.  WTF!  We are not training for a boxing match.  Place is dead.  There are about a thousand people- a bust for a Friday night in Vegas!  Club is full of horny cougars and there is plenty cougar nip for them to feed off!  :). Now to tell you how bad the DJ is I am sitting in a booth writing my review'.!  Tryst WAS the club of Vegas but not TODAY!  Hit up Tao!  Two years ago I went for the first time and came back last night and danced for hours and the place was cracking.....
3	Hmm this place didn't stand out too much for me. 1. The people were okay. I don't agree that most women they let in were HOT. Cause man... I saw some grenades. I honestly felt a bit overdressed next to some of the women. However, I did see some very pretty ladies. 2. The guys were not the best looking either. Maybe it's just me but I'm not really into the super douche look. You know, glittery shirts, too-tight designer jeans, and receding hairline. Not all the guys were gross though, there were a few good ones.3. The bartenders were really sweet and very good-looking. Tip them well because they make some good drinks.4. The set up alone for the club was really nice - there was a pole you can dance on, where I watched some ladies work it, and a really cool waterfall-like deal. 5. This place was PACKED! There were spots where you could breathe a bit, so it wasn't too bad. 6. Pretty decent mix of music - I'm a hip hop fan myself but I shook my booty here too. They were rocking more electro-hip hop music. I had a pretty good time here, not the best but not bad at all. Would I go here again? Yes if I had another VIP pass, probably not if I didn't. The line was so ridiculous and big mama's were pushing through.
4	Hello Tryst!I went To Tryst Over Memorial Day weekend. And it was packed.. I was On the Guestlist so I was one of the first Ladies in this place.. I have to say I walked in expecting something on the lines of XS but To my surprise, it was pretty small. and there was nobody in here yet.  The Waterfall is the first thing you see, so my friend and I walked around and took some pics before everyone came in. After we got my Boyfriend in, we left to Pre Party. When we came back and this place was Poppin'! Apparently holiday weekends like this is the perfect opportunity to party with Celebrities and Athletes. On this night we saw Antwan Jamison (Cleveland Cavs) and Donavon McNabb (Washington Redskins), We approached Donavon for a Pic and His Mistress was all about taking the pic but he said "NOOOOO, I cant take pics" Which was cool.. I mean he was prob not supposed to be out with his girlfriend while his wife is at home... so we left it alone.. ANYWHO.... Everything was going good. the alcohol was running through our systems and we had a blast. because this place is small be prepared to push and shove your way back an forth if you want to go to the bar or back to the dance floor. The outdoor patio is seriously a patio. like one in your backyard... but I'm not complaining.. I didn't buy drinks here but I know the cover for the guys was 30.. I would almost guess its 20 for the ladies, if you had to pay. but It was a good night for me with no cover.. I'll probably come back here. Although it wouldn't be my first choice.
3	One word: waterfall.It makes Tryst amazing... especially in the midst of the swarm of drunkards. There was NO WAY anyone could move around.My girls and I got invited to a table with bottle service, stayed for a few drinks, then wanted to split... and in turn the guy whose table it was STOLE our purses because we didn't want to stay! We spent the better part of an hour trying to track them down, and eventually a guard gave them back to us.After asking where they were, he simply stated, "Just be happy you have them back." THEN, one of the guys at the table "coincidentally" had my friend's camera in his pocket.NOT COOL.I know this isn't the club's fault, but right after this incident happened my friends and I wanted to get the fuck out of there.On the other hand, the benefits were that we got right into the clubs, got some of our guy friends in with no charge (rare in Vegas), had fun on the pole and on top of tables, and the outside area with the waterfall was breathtaking.
4	So my friends and I lined up for Tryst to get in free to XS. The line took a bit long to get through, even though I think we were there early...I really liked the venue, probably because it was open air and had a beautiful waterfall. The music they were playing was top 40 too, so I digged. Oh yes, and yummy mojitos. (:
4	Not as outstanding as XS but I would say that Tryst is still a beautiful club and is up to par, absolutely!Guestlist is still available on Saturday nights which is great since many clubs in sin city don't offer guest list these days on weekends (as in, absolutely no cover for both women/men). Otherwise, I believe it's $30/male or $20/female cover.The inside is elegant and still holds that "glam" factor that Vegas is known for. Crowd is good and the music offers a variety of tunes.
5	I went there on friday night- expecting it to be completely crazy since it was Halloween weekend.But it wasn't. It was just right.Thanks to a great promoter I know me and my 4 girls got in for free- no line or wait.The inside was appropriately decorated with cobwebs, etc, but the velvet red decor made it even more appealing. Since the moment we got there there was a great vibe, the DJ kept it flowing continously. The crowd was good- of course the token creepy guys could not be avoided. Just a warning- as the night progresses, the crowd thins out and there's less and less girls around. If you're like me and my bff and you like dancing until the wee hours of the morning- then you're going to get a lot of attention from creepy desperate guys, so plan for that and leave when you feel it's too much.GREAT night at Tryst- I would totally do it again!
5	Hella fun time ;)! Great promoter did us good. Fun crowd, awesome DJ, awesome outside/inside night scene! Dance until 5am here! :DThat is what I'm talking about! It's Fridayyyy night and I was feelin' right 'cause the party was right there on the dance flooooor ;).Ladies: Cute guys, creepy guys, funny guys, nice guys, scary guys...ahhhh it was awesome! You'll have a good time.Awesome red  decor in the inside, fantastic DJ blasting music, great strobe and light action, and  you can see the lit up water fall? Sweet! They have tables with bottle service too!I danced for like 5 hours and never stopped! Most definitely will come back!
5	Its always a good time at Tryst whenever I go due to the fact its always about who you know and what they do for you. As I mentioned in my previous review, my host set us up once again with table and 4 bottles.He came over from XS and walked us straight in w/o having to wait in "reservation" line. If you do not know a host personally, be prepared to wait in that line even with bottle service.Once in, our table was set up on the inside right behind the outside tables next to the bar and door. I liked this spot since it was still inside but you still get the breeze from outside.  Once the vodka started flowing, good times were to come.  Our waitress took care of us all night, Pouring drinks, replacing cups, the works.  Tryst also has a guestlist for the weekend for even ratio'd groups or all girls. Guys, if you get on guestlist, make sure to tip your host that put you on, He'll take care of you in the future.The AOD crew had a blast here dancing until the weee hours of the night. If you were in town for only 2 nights, Tryst by far will compete for on of the venues to attend along w/ XS.  Music was great, people were awesome, good times as always!
2	I have to admit, I was pretty disappointed.  Yes, when I walked in, I was blown away by the waterfall and the decor. But this place was tiny! And the drinks sucked.  Not only did it cost twice as much, but they were half as weak. I down 2 drinks (a Grateful Dead which is basically a purple AMF) and NOTHING.  How do you get an AMF and NOT get f'ed up?! or at least a good buzz?Oh and for a saturday night, 2 DJs couldn't get a groove on if their lives depended on it. I swear every other song they played was a stall. I mean when EVERYONE on the dance floor stops moving except for the drunks who can't stay still for 2 seconds, yeah... we have a problem. Oh and forget about having a place to sit unless you have table service (which is expected... I ain't that lame).  I'm thinking twice about giving this even 2 stars... oh yeah, cuz the waterfall was pretty awesome.
1	ive been to tryst many times before but this past saturday we had booked a table. or so we thought.  its great how when they are packed, all the promoters there treat you like shit.  you say excuse me sir and they ignore you like you dont exist.  if you want to feel like shit, go to a vegas club.  the promoters or hosts will have sticks so far up their asses that you have to end up having a good time because of all the pent up anger you have at people power tripping left and right.  i booked a table a week or two ahead of time.  the host tells me to get there early, that it will be packed.  ok ive heard that one before.  we finish up dinner at 10:30 at encore and walk over there and sure enough no table.  but it actually seems to me that i never had a table.  i was only on the guestlist.  and now that we are there, they are sold out of tables they say.  but they are so generous they will let the girls in free and guys in for half off of $100!  wow.when we walk in, we notice empty tables left and right. we ended up sitting down at one of the empty tables and then asking the waitress and some random host if we could buy bottles.  and we could!  meanwhile the empty table next to us had some ghetto people who had snuck in a small bottle of henney.  way to go promoters and hosts.drake was there but also some of the ruddest, most ghetto people ever.  some girls cut in front of us in line at the cash register and i was like uhm this is a line and she had a shit fit.god i hate vegas.  just because my boobs dont come up to my neck doesnt mean i dont deserve some respect
4	Tryst is definitely fun! We found an area to the side of the sea of people where we could have some space as a group to dance, smoke our cigars, and chill. The waterfall transports you into another world, so you enjoy the ambiance more than a usual club. I don't remember a lot of the details I normally would because, well, we went to Blush's open bar before coming here... but trust me - it was a lot of fun!
3	The Good - Plush red velvet walls and seats inside, beautiful waterfall with a light mist to cool you off outside, no cover if you're on the guestlist, clean bathrooms, nice staff, enough room on the dance floor to grooveThe Bad - expensive drinks, nowhere to sit unless you buy bottle service, dj plays good songs but cuts them off after 30 secondsThe Ugly - skin tight dresses were not made to be worn by everyoneOverall a good time, but I don't feel like I have to rush back any time soon.
5	Most vegas clubs deserve 5/5 in comparison to other clubs in North America.  If you're compaing vegas clubs to other ones, then its not so obvious.  But imo, Tryst still deserves 5/5 in comparision to all other clubs in Vegas.  Its not overly crowded, but the interior decor is sleek, sexy and modern.  They have a dance floor in front of a waterfall.  The music is great, the crowd is good.  I can't complain at all about this place and I highly recommend it.  But also, before going to Vegas make sure you check out the latest "it" spot/club..  cause that should always be your first option.Derek
4	I always have fun at Tryst. It looks pretty similar to XS, except without the outside pool area.  Of course getting comped is preferred, but waiting in line also doesn't take too long.  The last time I was here, I thought that the DJ is okayyy. Having a DJ for an ex-bf made me unwillingly kinda DJ snobby. But not too snobby. Hmm I find myself having a hard time describing the inside of clubs... but this place is really chill and I'm pretty sure you will have fun. I would recommend it!
5	This club is AMAZING! Loved the music they played, danced the night away. They had a mix of all kinds of songs. Gorgeous club, does get a little crowded, but doesn't keep you from having a great time. Drinks are super expensive, $12 for a shot! and $15 for drinks! Definitely  pre-drink. Lighting is great and the girl's restroom was clean and great decor throughout the club.
5	Gorgeous nightclub with lots of beautiful people. DJ keeps the people dancing and happy. The bartenders pour great drinks and great staff everywhere.  The waterfall is amazing.  I can't wait to go back!  We went to Pure the next night and what a disappointment that place is.  If you want to look sloppy or gangsta and enjoy rap music, this isn't your place - go to Pure.  If you are classy and want to dance and have a good time in an upscale environment go to Tryst.  The Wynn resort is also beautiful.
4	I rally enjoyed myself here at this nightclub. My girls and I came here last minute and were just standing in line for about 5 minutes when one of the security guys called us over to cut the line. Sweet! The drinks were a bit overpriced but come on, it's vegas baby! Really nice bit set up. Loved the background outside waterfall wall. Really cool good looking people that come here. We met a ton of fun nice hot people and held a couple tables with. The staff and hostess were really helpful, but why wouldn't they be you know???? Not all of the outdoor tables were sold out. We actually left to bounce around and came back here at the end of the night before the after-after party lol. They were really cool. Overall made my Vegas trip a fun time!
4	This place is beautiful.    The club is somewhat smaller but has a nice little dance floor in front of a balcony overlooking a pool and waterfall.  Saturday night: they had pretty up to date music. Drinks were about 15bucks for an adios.Get on the guest-list free entrance..
5	A very chic club catering to everyone of mostl ages. Recently here for a private event and I must say the folks were nothing more than courteous and spectacular. The vendors provided an open bar. Ahhhhhhhhh, endless drinks til the end. Got to love that. Beautiful decor and an open area with a waterfall. Got to love that. Plus, if it gets a little chilly then there are the heated lamps all around. This is definitely a club to check out. Granted it can get a tad busy but you can see why. Check it out and rate it for yourself. Drink up and enjoy!!
4	finally got a chance to check this club out. vip guestlist got us in quickly and with free drink tickets. =) the set up is similar to xs with a dancefloor in the center which opens up to the pool with a view of a huge waterfall. i really like that you get a lot of fresh air in the club. drinks were strong. music was good...mostly hip hop. good crowd.
3	Music was awful. MANN, seriously?THe music was definitely not the business. Was a bit dead till it hit 12AM and even then, it wasn't as poppin as it should have been. And this was on a FRIDAY night. Definitely not crackin like TAO or XS. WOULD NOT COME BACK.
5	What's good Vegas yelpers!!!Just moved to LV. I've been a Tryst junkie for 3 years.When in LV, I always hit up beautiful Tryst at the Wynn. Love the indoor/outdoor layout. Gorgeous waterfall completes a very sexy atmosphere. Tryst is always nicely decorated for any occasion. Loved the Halloween & Christmas decorations this year.My cupcake rocks... I enjoy Friday nights here ;o)Security & management is friendly.As for getting in... I never have to wait in a line =] so that makes my experience even better. I suggest going to a nightclub where you can avoid waiting in a long line, unless it's a BIG event, not to be missed.If you're visiting LV or a local looking for a beautiful nightclub to dance, relax or have a drink stop by Tryst!Enjoy!- Miss Yelp 2010
5	Had a great time
4	I LOVE Tryst.  I've been here multiple times and it is by far one of the best clubs in Vegas.  I've never had to wait in the line, which obviously makes my experience different than a lot of other people's experiences.  Although I cannot say so from experience, I'm sure once you get into the club, even the long wait in line is worth it.  I enjoy the music.  It's very danceable, and that is my main reason for going to clubs.  I've only gone with my girls, but we've always had a great time.I've recommended it to friends going to Vegas for the first time, and I would do so again.
5	Good energy!! nice music... nice waterfall view... the gogo dancers are hot!!! we got the best clubbing experience there among the Vegas club!!! (mostly becoz our host got us in with ZERO minute wait in line!!! haha)
4	Compared to Haze, this was BOOTYFUL !!!Loved the layout ! It had that 'XS' vibe with an indoor/outdoor setup. Too bad it was FA-REE-ZIIING and we  gals barely stepped outside, but it was a nice mix of people. Not as rowdy of a crowd as Haze (i.e., No Oakland guys were spotted here). The good, bad, and ugly combined:- Felt like I was in a Music Video. What can I say ?? I was impressed with the place. Felt classy and I like classy. =)- All of us were in 'aww' of the violinist. She rocked the club ! Talk about mesmerized. Everyone and I mean everyone was in a musical trance.- I OFFICIALLY HATE HEELS !!! The wall was my best friend for most of the night , because my footsies were in pain from my yet again 'uncomfortable' heels !- Frenchies everywhere ! No..not the kiss. Real or fake French guys ??? Who knows for sure, but I was Vagina blocked for the first time ! Eew.- French guy had a ring, but I guess 'What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas' ?! o_O !- Making small talk with Frenchies gave me an opportunity to sit on their VIP booth. Thanks kind Sir. How old are you again ??? - Dance Dance Dance. Wobble Wobble Wobble. Picture Snap Snap Snap.Despite some not so fond moments, I really do like this club. I want to go back. Next time though, I'll be better equipped with comfy shoes, a bodyguard, and a vagina-block WACKER ! haha !
3	This club had a kind of weird vibe going on.  But that might be because it's Vegas and full of tourists or NYE. There are honest to god hookers here.  So guys -- if you want the path of least resistance, this is the place for you. Just hang around the stripper pole, and look for the chicks hanging upside down with no panties on.    The table service areas in Vegas are kind of irritating, and kill the vibe of wanting to dance, because there are a bunch of people sitting there staring. A couple of drinks, of course took care of that for me.   About half the crowd, I got the impression, had never been to a club before.  They went to LV and wanted the experience of going to a club...and they weren't really sure why.. just to stand and stare (or sit and stare as the table service crowd went)I had a pretty good time though, and danced with a lot of girls, got hammered, chatted with lots of interesting folks.  But seriously people, if you don't like dancing, go to a lounge... or a park bench.
4	I really like this club. The music is good, venue is nice (like XS because they are sister clubs but instead of a pool there is a huge water structure). It is smaller than XS though. The crowd is typically older but I think it is more diverse.
5	Beautiful beautiful club with excellent music and even better drinks. Came here with a large group of 9 girls and 8 guys on a weekend just before the holidays. We got on the guestlist through a Tryst promoter but at best, I expected to wait in a long "guestlist" line as seems to be the case for many Vegas clubs. Instead, we were able to cut the line, get the girls in for free with free drinks, and get all 8 guys in at the same time at a discounted cover. A++ for the Tryst management.The music here was a good mix of top 40 with some more obscure danceable beats, keeping me dancing and intrigued all night. The dancefloor was sizeable but it did get quite crowded as the night moved on. Still we weren't packed to the point where we couldn't move, so the slightly large crowd wasn't too annoying.Decor of this place is really classy and beautiful, even by Vegas standards and they have a good distribution of tables throughout the club (not just on the sides -- boring, but not making it difficult to move around).Later on in the night, after leaving Tryst, I realized that I had left my ID with the bartender. Bouncers let me back in no problem and I easily retrieved the ID from the nice bartender who had held my ID for me. More importantly, their bartenders are friendly and make pretty killer mixed drinks. $16 for a long island, a little bit steep but it's standard for Vegas. Overall, definitely a club to visit the next time you're on the Strip.
5	After a bachelor party mishap, this place welcomed us in and cured the evening. Got to groove next to the largest waterfall in Nevada. Cool people come here, many locals, and the vibe is just right. Good drinks and hoppin' music. Try to make a reservation and enjoy this cool spot.Thanks for the good times! And I hope you'll let us in again! Cheers.
4	Tryst is a mini version of XS but with the pool area replaces by a waterfall.Came on a Saturday night and the line wasn't too long. Beautiful club, great music. Highly recommended.
2	Not worth your time. Boring-est club experience in Vegas. Also, the fupa flashes from drunk fatties were NOT okay.
4	Not a big fan of the overall music. It was too trance/techno mix for me...not enough club "bump." However, I really liked our private table overlooking the waterfall...and great service.
5	This is, by far, my favorite club in Vegas!!!Tryst is ALWAYS a fun time!!!  There are always a nice mix of people and the music is always good!!!  The bartenders at what I call the back bar (bar to the left when you walk in) are the sweetest and nicest girls!!!  This is where we typically hang out as there is usually enough room to dance and you can easily stumble back to the bar.  We have attempted to hang out at the other bar (bar to the right when you walk in), but just not as much fun.  This bar is closer to the table service and right in the path of the bathroom...security is a little stricter about where you stand, etc.In addition to the great fun, Tryst is gorgeous!!!  It is like a much classier version of Drai's...with all of the red details everywhere.  The huge waterfall is also very cool!!!  Would just like to add that we had the opportunity to meet Victor Drai at Tryst one night and he was the nicest man!!!  He even let my husband take a pic with him!!!Tryst is not pretentious, very chill, gorgeous, and tons of fun!!!  I would HIGHLY suggest Tryst to anyone!!!  Oh, one thing...be patient, the line does move fairly quickly!!!
3	came here for a friends bday, didn't have to wait in line or pay cover...so i can't complain.  Nice club with good mix of folks, nice indoor/outdoor layout....good times. Agree with other folks who say its a mini version of XS.
5	One of the best clubbing experiences I have had in Vegas.  My group of 8 girls and 4 guys got walked in VIP, and immediately fell in love with the place.  Just as you walk in, you feel like you are in a music video.  The waterfall can be seen from almost all areas of the club, and the layout is very spacious.  The music was excellent, and the people were great.  I would definitely recommend this club to everyone!
3	The club was beautiful, clean, I liked the outdoor space by the waterfall. It wasn't overly jam packed even on the Saturday we went. Drinks are ridiculously expensive so spring for bottle service if you have enough people. Its a slightly older crowd so if you're 21 partying in Vegas, probably not your spot. The thing I liked least about this club, which I think is the most important, was the music. They play a mix with a lot of older music. Not a lot of beat to bump to
4	The layout of Tryst is really nice, with the waterfall being the main center piece. I also felt the crowd here was a bit older, but it was still a blast. The crowd is really diverse and decent looking, and the decor/theme slightly reminds me of XS, which makes sense since it's located in the sister hotel.
5	Thus far, this is my favorite club in Vegas!!Wynn is a beautiful hotel, and Tryst fits right in.  The layout of Tryst utilizes space very well, accommodating a natural flow of people so that you can easily get to the bars and the dance floor.  If you've been to XS, the layout is similar.  Although it's sure to be packed on the weekends, it's not claustrophobic and you probably won't encounter wasted people spilling your drink.  The bartenders and gogo dancers are the typical, sexy-big boobied women you'd expect in Vegas, and the huge waterfall enhances the scenery. The music is a great combination of anything you can shake your bon bon to.  If you're trying to figure out what club to go to in Vegas, definitely check out Tryst!I'm having Vegas withdrawals as I write this review...
2	This place is kind of like the place that people who can't get into XS go to...like the bottom of the barrel, which unfortunately included me and my friends.  We were not going to pay $20-$40 just to get in and $15/drink at XS.  Since I was traveling with guys and girls, we knew it would be hard, so we stuck with Tryst where we knew someone with a booth.  I had been here about a year ago, and the crowd was definitely different.  I liked it better then.  I was just disappointed this time.  Two stars for the following:1) Ladies got two free drink tickets on Saturday night (worth $15 each).  Not bad.2) Good service.  Even though we were using our drink tickets, the servers were still nice and made stiff drinks.Stars deducted for the following:1) People still have to pay to get in...ughhhh (luckily, one of my friend's friends had a booth and had us come in for free)2) No guys whatsoever!! I don't know if it was the weekend we went or what, but the guy to girl ratio was like 1:5.  Totally disappointed.  3) They repeated their music the WHOLE night.   I heard at least 8 songs repeated during the 3-4 hours I was there.  No bueno.  4)  The dance floor was super small and the girls were super pushy.  5)  There's a stripper pole on one side of the club where a lot of drunk girls hung out.  There was one guy who came and actually did a good job on it.  Just as he was climbing the pole for his grand finale, he got pulled down by the bouncer.  Lame!!  He was just entertaining us!
3	Meh.Why is this place so difficult to get into?  I have no problems getting into Surrender or XS, which are both vastly superior clubs in the first place.The interior of this club is almost identical to the interior of XS, but smaller.  The crowd is also more diverse, that could be a good or a bad thing depending on how you want to look at it.  If you're Asian, and you've been to XS within the past couple years on a Saturday, you'll know exactly what I'm talking about.  Go here if you're one of those people not looking for Asians, or you're better off sticking with XS if you are.Tryst is not a bad club, but you could have 100% of the same experience, in the same club with less door drama at XS.
5	Thus far, this is the coolest one I came across.  - for having a cascading, 90-foot (27 m/two story tall) waterfall and lake in the middle of the club right off the dance floor..Can't help but stare at it.
4	Last week-end was my 1st time at Tryst, and having been to its sister-club XS several time, it was a tough act to follow.PROS:*My girls & I got hooked up - free entry & 2 drinks each*BEAUTIFUL waterfall behind the DJ (unfortunately it was blocked off from the crowd, but sometimes they allow people in that area)*No long wait to get in & good DJ (mash up of top 40s and electro)NEGS:*Not many young people (20's) & not many tall peopleI am 5'7 (5'10 in heels) and I was towering over the majority of the crowd.I recommend this place for a night of dancing but it is not a good place to meet a hottie..just saying..go to XS for that
4	I like Tryst...in fact, I think I like it more than XS. I liked it because it was not as crowded and I liked the beautiful waterfall. The music was great to dance to too. We went during the Valentine's weekend and us girls got in for free (guys paid $20cover) and we each got 2 free drink tickets! Our promoter was supercool too!
2	I believe Tryst was one of my first Vegas club experiences (back when I was 21).  The security guard who checked our ID knew how to piss me off.  Being my first time EVER, I was asked 20 questions b/c he didn't think it was me on my ID.  After that whole debacle, I was finally let in w/ my friends.  The club was very tiny & there weren't that many people inside.  The only thing that actually drew to my attention was the waterfall.  We had a table, but it was whatever b/c there were hardly any people in the club (or so it felt like).   Staff inside the club is friendly.Highlight of my night:  had to be when I was walking to/from the restroom, I ran into my boss (at the time).  Made the rest of my night uncomfortable & awkward.Haven't gone back since.  There are far too many other clubs I'd rather wait in line to go to.
4	Came here on President's Day Weekend, guestlist got my girlfriends and me in for free, a free drink each, and boyfriend in for $20, no wait. Place was packed, but not too packed.. if that makes sense. The waterfall is amazing (boyfriend thought it was a really cool facade but.. no honey it's real) and we got to dance under it in the rain :)HOWEVER, I didn't like half the music the DJ played, the drinks were pricer than NYC clubs, and like other people said, no eye candy in sight. I mean except for boyfriend of course ;]
5	So this review is based on the fact that we got bottles.  There were five of us total and we were allowed to skip the entire line and had ushers walk us to our table.  The service was quick and helpful, but the bottles were expensive.  We were already prepared for that, so it didn't bother us that much.  The club is beautiful.  It does get a little packed on the dance floor but the lake/waterfall looked amazing and our table was in a great location.  Everybody was excited to be there and looking their best.  What a blast.
3	Tryst has this RIDICULOUS beautiful large water fall in the club on this little outside island thing.  It was really, really cool.  Since it was 40 degree and and raining, we didn't stay outside for too long, but I imagine in the summer it's pretty awesome.The dancers were taste-fully clothed, which is a change from other clubs, and general Vegasing I've seen.  It was nice that their boobs and ass weren't all up in everything.Beer was $11. I have no idea what the going rate of LV Club beer is, but $11 is freaking outrageous for a bud light.  The dance floor is pretty small, and everything is surrounded by VIP table service.  There's no were to sit or lean or not dance.  The security keeps you on the dance floor.  If you leave the dance floor and aren't going somewhere, security shuffles you back to the floor or tells you to keep walking.  Thankfully the music wasn't crazy loud, and we were able to somewhat talk to each other. I'm not an expert clubber, but the waterfall thing was pretty badass, other than that, it appeared to be a pretty typical night club.
5	Tryst is similar to XS in layout, but it seemed a bit smaller.  Unlike XS, it wasn't 99% Asian, which is a plus.  Music was hip-hop with maybe one Top 40 song thrown in per hour.  Stairs going down to the club seem dangerous, but they have an elevator too, so I guess that's all right.  Cover is $20 girls/$30 boys.  Really big plus is that it's very close to the valet, so when you're feet are aching from dancing all night, your car is just a few steps away.
4	Good thing Tryst is really close to XS. So when I'm done and over with Tryst I can trot over to XS and vice versa =). The waterfall is beautiful. The bartenders are nice but please make the drinks stronger, Thanks!Security can be pushy, but only for your good. The staff is attentive too, always making their way tables and preparing drinks. The guestlist line is fast.The music is good enough to dance too. Except for this past weekend, where the songs on repeat or something?!? But Oh Mannnn, what a tiny dance floor. Overall, I like Tryst!
4	Beautiful club. The waterfall is gorgeous! I wish it would have been warmer so we could have hung out on the patio area.We went on a Friday night and had free cover and drinks because we supposedly knew some promoter. Ladies- you should never pay cover in Vegas, ever. Make a friend so you don't have to wait in lines or pay stupid entrance fees.  By the time we got there, it was packed. The DJ was great, mainly house music. Had a blast!A lot of creepers here though girls. Expect shameless guys to swarm you if you part of a group.
4	Tryst is such a beautiful club with the decor and waterfall + lightings. Had a lot of fun here with a table by the dance floor... Sadly, I just don't know when I will ever be back here with places like XS, Surrender, and Marquee having first priority now when I go to Vegas. :/Bring in celebs like Drake more often, and then I will be back!
3	41+ this is your spot.21+ stay away. unless you know.... you like that kinda stuff.
4	The Wynn does everything at the highest level. This is my second favorite club in Vegas behind XS. The layout of the club is amazing. The waterfall is the centerpiece of the club and makes for an excellent backdrop to your night of drinking and dancing. The outside area is perfect for grabbing some fresh air or enjoying a summer night.  We came here for a friend's birthday and the bottle service was exceptional. Our hostess made sure that our group had everything we wanted throughout the night. The service is definitely worth the price, especially if everyone in your group is drinking and you don't have to ever wait for a drink at the bar. Tryst is yet another example of how the Wynn can do no wrong.
4	Tryst is a beautiful club and it would have gotten 5 stars if XS didn't exist.  Ambiance and Layout:  The waterfall and pool right behind the dj really make you feel like you are in an oasis in the dry desert city of Las Vegas.  The layout is pretty much the same as XS.  Circular dance floor with a wide open window leading out the the pool.  Flanking both sides of the dj are the tables and patio area.  The white tents and couches really make this place feel clean.  The overall size of the club is not that big, but somehow I missed a friend who was hanging on the other side of the waterfall from me.  Darn.  Craigslist: missed connections.Getting in:  We met with a promoter and had someone walk our group into the club for a fee of course.  But given that we had four guys and had no wait, it was a good deal.Drinks:  Expensive, shots were about $15 each.  Nothing new.Music:  The music was really good that night.  There was a little bit of everything and it never got boring.  However we spent most of the time on the patio hanging with a bachelor party.  That saves the girls $ on drinks.  Used the guys for the drinks... a sad but true fact.Great club, beautiful and definitely a fun night.  If you don't compare it to XS (and now Marquee) you won't be let down.  Wouldn't mind coming here at all, if XS is being annoying.  Just don't expect to dip your feet in the pool though.
5	Tryst is a very beautiful club; it reminds me a lot of XS. In fact, when I first walked in, I thought that maybe I had a little bit too much to drink because I swore I was going to Tryst, not XS. That's how similar they look.They were playing great dance music. They even threw in a free bottle for us! Tryst is going on my list of favorite clubs in Vegas.I really don't remember the crowd here, but I'll most likely be coming back here to find out!The only drawback is that the club is a little small.
4	Got in on VIP list via a friend of a friend (it's good to have connections!!) ... thank goodness because that meant that my clan & I didn't have to wait in that SUPER LONG line!!  Taboo, from the Blackeyed Peas, was there and my friend got him on video with her Blackberry.  So that was cool!I love the pool and waterfall ... beautiful, just like the club.  Wasn't too crowded when we arrived, but by 2 a.m., you could hardly walk through the place.
4	I really enjoyed this place, although my wallet did not. Got in for free thanks to the ladies in our party, and from there we went straight to the bar. The club looks a lot like a smaller version of XS. It had lounges, bars, dancefloor with girls dancing on platforms, and a huge waterfall with images projected onto it in the background. NICE! Onto the drinks. The bars are relatively small, with only 1 girl working at a time at each one. This makes for long waits and huge crowds in that area. My advice would be to order everything at once to avoid getting back in the 10 to 20 minute line over and over again. The drinks were very, very pricey, but hey, it's Vegas. Dance floor was packed with the usual pretty girls and angry guidos, mostly in their late 20's. The music was pretty good. Wait, scratch that, I don't remember what kind of music they played. The thing I remember the most about this dance floor, though, were the CLEVER DRINK WOMEN. AGHHHH!!!! This was definitely my downfall at Tryst. Unlike XS, Pure, or Tao, Tryst has these girls walking all around the dance floor with shots for sale. At first we bought one just to save ourselves a trip to the bar... but then, the girl came back and offered me another. My smart friends declined as it was a little pricey and not very strong, but I took another...then one more, until Clever Drink Woman were able to identify me amongst the crowd and from then on cut her way through the crowd to come over to me and offer me more! AGHHH! After CDW hunted me down a couple more times, I told her "no, I don't want anymore of what you have. I'm just drinking tequila now." When she went away, I thought I was safe for good, but then she came back with a shot of tequila! NOOOO! Anyway, that's how I spent all of my money that night and how I got as plastered as I did. THANKS, CDW. The moral of this long tangent is that you must remember to run away or be adamant about your decision to stop drinking if you purchase drinks from the CDWs. They are quite aggressive in the way they offer the drinks (or maybe I just remember it that way) so resist their charming smiles and delicious drinks for the sake of your wallet and liver!Anyway, my friends and I had a great time here from what I remember. Have fun at Tryst, kiddies.
4	My club of choice in Vegas (so far...)! My date & I arrived around 10 and the line was short. We didn't pay cover but the guys were $30. The drinks we ordered were fairly strong, there were beautiful people everywhere...definitely the place to see & be seen. The music was a good mix of dance/pop/rap etc. typical club music. More of a lounge than a dance club or at least that was the vibe. It would have been better to come in a larger sized group, get a table & a few bottles
4	Located at the Wynn Hotel, Tryst is one of my favorite clubs in Vegas. Came here on a Thursday and it was still poppin. There was still a line, but we didn't have to wait a long time at all.Decor:Modern, chic. One main dance floor adjacent to the outdoor area, which has an awesome waterfall and lake area, which you can see in the pictures. There are table inside and outside and separate areas for just tables/bottle service.Music:DJs spin a mixture of house and hip-hop, which makes for a good night.Crowd:Mid- and Late-twenties crowd. Many attractive people. Dress code:Dress to impress.
3	I just went to Tryst Saturday 4/2/2011 and it was not at all what I expected.I think I expected so much more as far as the music and services, def not a club I will visit again.Pros:The club is big and really nice in the insideWe got in free are promoter was really greatDrinks we of good qualityConsThe staff is rude one bumped all into my husband 3 times finally my husband turned around and said hey man a excuse me would be nice, the guy juat laughed and walked off. The guys wokrking the line for the guset list are rude and sexist my husband tried to wave one down to let him know we were on the list he completely ignored him, then when my sisiter waved him down he came over smiling and being flirty.The music was not all that the hip hop was all old and outdated it was mainly house music it reminded me of a rave. Many people like that lkind of music but for us who are more in to hip hop this is not the night club for us.They had the candles lit everywhere and people were so drunk hey were bumping them over and after being their only 30 min someone had already spilled wax all over my shes feet and the floor.
5	It was a toss between Haze or Tryst on a Thurs night, & I'm really glad we came to Tryst! It's become my favorite. Opens at 1030, yet line started form half hour beforehand. (Mostly all guys though). Getting past the line, it turns into a series of stairs, leading you down. Upon entering you will be immediately attracted to the waterfall like wall outside with a small lake surrounding, and the cool color hues of red. Sexy. Bouncers can be tough? We had two different guys come up to our group of a time span of 5 minutes altogether asking if we wanted to join their buddies to get in, because they lacked girls in their group. Sorry, guys! Luckily we had a friend to talk to a promoter so we were led in right away, along with 3 comp drink cards. I believe the clubs are owned by the same owner, so it looks somewhat similar to XS. Regardless, I had a great time here! Love how the outside deck opens/connects to the dance floor. You can dance your way out to get some fresh air. There are tables/booths outside surrounding the area. DJ was not bad, spun a mix of today's hits/house/hip hop. Guaranteed to be a fun night!
1	I have been to clubs/bars all over Vegas, and several other cities in the US, and never have I experienced such a poor attitude of the bouncers, and obvious money grubbing of these guys.  I had been here before and wasn't really impressed, but stopped in on thursday night after deciding to see if things had changed.  The line was pretty long, and we had 3 girls and one guy with us.  All of the girls had gotten some free passes to the club, and I managed to talk to the bouncer, slipped him $50 for us to skip the line, and also to pay for my boyfriends entrance.  We walk up to the line, where the other bouncer is standing, and the bouncer blocks my boyfriend, and asks for MORE money.  At this point we argue, but end up giving him an additional $20 (stupid I know!) and finally get to the point where we pay.  The cashier asks for AN ADDITIONAL $20 for my boyfriend.  He was PISSED.  We explain the situation, the bouncers deny any money was given to anyone, and my boyfriend decides he is going to gamble, that we should go in, and try and enjoy ourselves.  I had already spent $70 just to get into this place, so I was curious.  Nothing special.  The crowd was YOUNG (mainly 20's) and mainly GUYS.  They looked like they were on their daddy's dime, and i wasn't impressed with the bartenders as well.  Being that I love the Wynn so much, its a shame that a club like this lends itself to such a classy hotel, being that everything I experienced at Tryst was less than class.
2	So I came here after not coming here for years and it did not bring back fond memories. The music is horrible now. What used to be hip-hop heavy top 40 turned into a fist pumping extravaganza. I think I also had a 9 dollar beer, which is never fun. Its gets stars for its line efficiency. Mike took care of us immediately which was nice because the line was pretty scary. wont come back, my assumption is all the fun went to Surrender or XS next door.
4	Tryst is a pretty club. We went for a whirlwind trip for a friend of a friends birthday and this is the spot she picked. VIP area is very nice. There's a variety and booths in leather and red. One thing is candles in a club not a good idea. Someone knocked one over on me and my leg and my friends boots were covered in hot wax. Yowza ouch! Good music to dance to. The average Vegas crowd. I like the inside outside design so you get a great view of a beautiful waterfall while dancing and from the VIP section! I would go back again.
4	I like this place because a good portion of it is outside so it isn't as stuffy as all the clubs I've ever been to. Still don't know how it is in the summer though. The circular layout is cool too because it's hard to get stuck in a corner. You'll still get stuck in the middle of the dancefloor but at least the bouncers aren't too crazy about getting too close to the booths. The bartenders are also pretty hot. I wouldn't mind hitting this spot again.
4	Place is awesome, went on a Saturday, hot crowd, not overly packed.  A lot nicer than PURE.   If you're a group of guys have fun waiting in line if it's a busy night. Only reason was a 4star, the night we went the dj wasn't that good at mixing his jams, there would be times where I found myself standing waiting for the music to get bumpin again, but awesome night overall.
4	Tryst is a great place.  It's no 5 stars.  Why not?  5 stars needs to be reserved for places like XS and Marquee.Tryst is fun and the DJ knows how to mix.  I would prefer a little more house to the mix, but there's other clubs I could go for for that I guess.  The one thing that stands out to me about Tryst is... take a guess... THAT WATERFALL.  I came here for my 21st birthday, and I wouldn't have chosen a different place.  It is a truly beautiful place and the presentation when you walk in is absolutely breathtaking.  The crowd wasn't too bad... and I don't recall it getting as crowded as other places do and I came on a Friday night during Spring Break.  It was poppin, but not packed like sardines.  The crowd was good as well.  The majority were young and considerably good looking. :P  Lol!  The layout is nice... tables circled around outside.  Size-wise it's still small in comparison to some of the other major nightclubs.  Oh yeah, I almost forgot.  I had an even ratio of guys to girls one night.  The bouncers at the door were... kinda rude.  And almost sneered at the fact we were on a guest list.  I think it was because I came with guy friends because I haven't been out with dudes since then and I've never had to worry about mean bouncers.Oh, superficial Vegas nightlife you strike again...Eh.  Well.  Despite all that, Tryst is a great place to be.  You're going to have a good time, and it's a beautiful place.  I might recommend other places over Tryst but the potential is here to have a phenomenal night.
4	My favorite club in Vegas and I've been to XS, Studio 54, LAX, Rain, etc.  Why not 5 stars?  Cause even when I was staying at the Wynn, they still charged me $60 to get in!  Not even a discount for hotel guests?  Anyway, front row view of a waterfall straight out of Jurassic Park.  Good music, good crowd, good go-go's, yada yada yada.  Check it out!
4	i don't go clubbin' enough to know good clubs from bad clubs. but i do know good friends, good drinks, good music = good time! this review is mainly for the dj on friday night. he or she was on point and played all the right songs! this was the first club i've been to where the line took forever even when on the guest list. outdoor scene on the waterfall was really nice especially when you need a chill breeze from dancing on the dance floor. overall my friends and i had a great time, we'll be visiting again!
1	Had a terrible time the one time I went.  We had bottle service and they put us the furthest away from anything.  Then moved us to the back.  The dance floor smelled like stinky feet, and the crowd was not all that great either.   In the end, horrible staff, horrible service, (minus our waittress), crappy music and average crowd.   Definitely not going there ever.
1	Tryst is a greedy Club! They boot people out of the club once it is packed so they can charge cover ($40 when we were there) to those waiting in line. We were at the club with a group of 35 people. 4 people were booted during different times of night. One guy was sitting sipping calmly when asked to show ID then was tossed. As a bachelor party, they twice attempted to boot our bachelor, again for no reason. This club is fairly small and has a limit on # of persons inside. The setting is nice, but the dance floor is tight. My right foot might be broken from getting stepped on so many times. I would not recommend this place on any day where it is busy. Drinks are pricy but expected for the scene, $12 for a vodka soda. I won't be returning, Vegas has better to offer.
4	I want to give Tryst 5 stars.The waterfall is beautiful, its inside the Wynn which is also beautiful, but the night just wasn't AMAZING.  This was our first stop (before Surrender) and the crowd was big, the music crackin'.  We didn't meet too many people.  I admired the surroundings and we had fun but not lots of fun. We left after about 2 hours to have a fabulous night at Surrender.With that said, I am still willing to give this place another shot.
4	I chose Tryst as the club to celebrate my 22nd birthday for multiple reasons. As a local, I truly appreciate the accessibility of the guest list regardless if it is a busy weekend or not. In addition, the ease of the line and lack of wait time, which other major clubs on the strip cannot achieve. But what truly made my birthday experience enjoyable was the DJ present on April 29, 2011. Although half way through the night I was intoxicated, the DJ was one of the best I've ever heard. I have never been so impressed with the music being played at a club, this truly added to making the night more memorable. In fact, the day after my friends and I even chatted about how fitting the music was. I look forward to coming to Tryst for future occasions. Bravo! I hope Tryst continues to be one of the best night clubs Vegas has to offer.
1	WORST. CLUB. EVER.So i went to this club with a group of friends on a friday night.  Girls get in free, guys pay $30.The night started bad as i get into the club, guys think they're the shit here.  One guy pushed me out of the way as i was walking into the club.Drinks were RIDICULOUS.  I think my cat can make better drinks then the stupid bartenders here.  Each drink is $15, for the amount of alcohol that i could taste in it, i just might as well have gotten water.  (this is coming from someone that is not a huge drinker)I have to admit the place was beautiful but what club in vegas isn't?This place is wayyyyyyyyyy to crowded.  There is literally no room to atleast sit down since sometimes we girls need a couple minutes break from our heels.  I tried going to the dance floor but i was mostly standing and getting hit from people not knowing how to dance and trying to walk through.  Someone also got into a fight in the dance floor, pretty tacky.  Security never came.  There is literally no room to walk in.  I don't understand why they overpack this place.  Don't waste your time coming to this club, it's not worth it.
4	We were back here on a Friday night in April and had a great time.  A quick call to the promoter I normally use for Tryst and our group of (all) ladies avoided the long lines and price of admission.  The music was pumping and we ended up at a VIP table with "new friends".  ;-PTryst is always a good time for me.  The crowd was a good mix of people in their 20s, 30s, and 40s.
5	Let me forewarn everyone.  Vegas clubs are a very subjective experience, based on mood, preference of music, group of friends and more.On that note, I have never had a bad moment at Tryst.  I have been here multiple times since turning 21 and have always enjoyed it.  Drunk, sober, with different groups of friends, it has always been a blast.  The music is a good balance.  The crowd is always friendly.  The drinks do the deed.Even though it may be overshadowed nowadays by XS or Marquee, Tryst never fails.  It is an oldie and a goody!
5	This is an absolutely stunningly gorgeous club, featuring an open air DJ and dance floor, with go go dancers,  in front of a huge 10 story waterfall and lake.  The open air feature keeps it from getting stuffy, even though it gets packed in here.  This club is made for bottle service, with tables everywhere, and not much seating otherwise.  Long lines at opening to get in, with $50 cover for men (ouch) and $20 for women (unless you buy bottle service).  Drinks start at $10 for domestic beers.
5	Visited: May 28th, 2011This is my third review for places I visited while I was in Vegas for a friend's Bachelorette party. I've been so busy that I've fallen behind on reviewing some places. I'm slowly but surely getting the reviews done!Over the course of this trip, I was communicating via text with our VIP host coordinator, Scott Reading, from our Thunder From Down Under package. He was the one that could set us up with VIP entry for clubs. Given that it was Memorial Day Weekend, most clubs would not even have a VIP list and would charge some outrageous entry fee. That was so not gonna happen! So I had him get us into Tryst for Saturday night after researching some clubs on vegas.com, which luckily had a VIP list with no cover. How sweet was that! Fantastic club for these reasons: 1. Music mashups were great. DJ Spider on Saturday night during the Memorial Day weekend rocked the club.2. The ambiance is nice. How sweet was it that the club was partially outdoors with a waterfall! Definitely relieves the heat issue in the club a little :)3. The guys at this particular club were less sleazy. Granted, out of the 8 of us, only two were single and were free to mingle, with me not being one of those single ladies.+ It felt good to get escorted out of the regular line and into the club right after I told the guy in charge of the list my name. My feet were already killing me, plus I was just irritated because of some of the attitudes of people in the line. I was compelled to flip them off, but I kept it classy and walked on my merry way.
3	Ok the View of the waterfall makes it worth goin here at least once!But I like to try a different club or two everytime I come to Vegas,so I was kinda let down by the fact that this club has the EXACT SAME LAYOUT as XS! I mean exactly..theres a jus the minor details that make it different and the outside area of  XS is of course much bigger,but other than that its exactlyt he same! I wish they woulda got a lil more creative and created a totally different atmosphere here.Basically just a smaller XS. That doesnt mean its a bad spot tho,Dance floor is pretty big and they played a good mix of top 40,house and lil hip hop.Also they have somewhere to go out and sit down at wich Ive come to find is very rare in Vegas if you dont have table service. I dont know how you ladies do it wearin those heels,my feet were killin me in my stacey adams! lol Overall a nice club tho.Like I said,check it out at least once to see the beautiful waterfall on the patio area.
4	Small but gorgeous, intimate club.I came here when I turned 21, so it's been a while since then. lolThe waterfall makes this club one of the most beautiful. We got in free since the girls we were with got us on the list. VIP baby!So get on that list if your heading there!!
4	More like 3.5 rather than 4, cuz I'm kinda a fan. First of all this place is beautiful, from when you enter till the club its lusciously set around that waterfall that seems to keep everything a lil cooler from the hot sweaty mess inside. But the biggest issue is when you walk in.....just an utterly clueless set of security staff who just have no clue what is going on. You ask them anything and they refer you to the endless bureaucracy you'd expect of government ministry of red tape and paper, never mind the fact that the line is stupendously long. Well....what makes me give it the 4, is probably due to the fact that we had table service and skipped that bitch ass line, and helped ourselves to frequently and waiter-ed drinks (no line at the bar from me!). But even then they were clueless on how to handle the tables, and kinda just rushed us all in (though I didn't really complain about that).The music was....meh....but I guess when that night at XS you could've seen Afrojack (after waiting in a mile long line), its hard to compare. And of course the dance floor was PACKED, but it was memorial day weekend. As for drinks, they are pricey but kind of nothing unexpected for clubs in vegas. But you can never be unhappy when a wonderful waitress brings you everything you want, after bottles and bottles of booze at the table. Also I love the fact that your table faces up to the waterfall, and the curvature of the club allows the music to still sound great, even when you're back at the table to chill.Tryst is definitely XS's lil cousin, and works well when you're not feeling to go and super rage! It is much smaller, and has the feel of a city club, rather than the massive expanses of club floors throughout Vegas.
4	Great club, more intimate than Tao. Layout, waterfall etc... very cool. Like the vibe, staff very friendly but of course they should be based on bottle service prices, tips, etc....Will be back !
5	Came here on a thursday night during spring break with a couple girl friends for my first clubbing experience!  We got in for free.Drinks were a little pricey as expected.  I got an apple martini so I could loosen up a little.Great crowd, great music, I had a good time ;)
3	I have mixed feelings. Overall, Tryst is pretty. The bartenders were shmexy super nice ladies, and drinks were about avg for Vegas prices. What I don't like about Tryst - 1. Bouncers and door guys are kind of on a power trip and just rude - just like they are at most clubs in Vegas. Douchers.2. The entire place is just stacked with tables - very little room for anything else besides a dance floor. My 4 girls and I were asked several times to move along - "Ladies, you can't stand here, please keep moving." After the 3rd time, we had to ask...uh, so WHERE can we STAND? So basically, you either get a table, shmooze your way into a table, stand at the bar or dance. Limited options if you don't want to dish out the cash for a table. 3. Music was unimpressive. Where the heck did house music come from and why do I dislike it so much? Yeah, I don't know either, but it's not for me.  Yeah, Tryst is ok. I think if we would have had a table we would have felt a little different. Ah well, still a great night in Vegas.
3	Tryst was good...a very awesome promoter got us in, and the inside is amazing! Beautiful river with this amazing ambiance. Music was wonderful--thank you, Mister DJ! Drinks were good as well and the dancers were hot! The crowd seemed older (25+), MANY bachelorette parties so there were definitely more girls than guys, and not many good looking dudes :\ I'd come here again with good company and some good looking men, but definitely not if I were looking for hotties. My only complaint is that the lady bouncer accused my friend of being drunk (she only took 1 shot) just because my friend knocked over a few glasses on a table, but she's naturally clumsy! The bouncer didn't even want to listen and just threw her out. Rude and stupid because my friend was completely coherent and serious the entire time we were trying to explain to the bouncer! Ugh.
3	The atmosphere is worth going at least once.  The waterfall is beautiful. The DJ was fun and played great music 90% of the time. There was no where to sit unless you reserve a table. Dancers are bored with their jobs. The drinks are weak at best. Both sets of shots we ordered were made with juice everytime. After $80 in shots and regular drink and no result definitely pregaming next time. But the bartender's were beautiful.
4	Lucky to be a girl in Vegas! The key to going to any club, if you're a girl that is, is to get on the guest list. Make your self seen during the day and promoters will approach you. Pool side, walking the strip, Fat Tuesday, whatever it is, be seen and look good! My girls and I were poolside at the Venetian and had at least 3 promoters come up to us. We decided to do Tryst the second night we were in Vegas. I've been to XS and wanted to try something new at the Wynn so I figured Tryst is it. Especially since our promoter promised us free drinks at Tryst and that sometimes can be a lie, but in this case, it wasn't! I kept in contact with my promoter and followed his instructions. We got in line. Got to the promoter's list line and got our free drink cards and we were on our way in. I saw the envious stares from girls with groups of boys with them, and I'm sorry ladies, I've been you once when I went with a group of guys. Patience. Tryst was a gorgeous club. Their waterfall was breathtaking. The DJ the night I went was okay. I didn't find myself grooving to the music too much, but regardless, it was fun time and girl to guy ratio was pretty even. Definitely a club worth checking out!
4	Oh how nice it is to be a girl in Vegas! ;)Came here a couple months ago with my friends on our first night in Vegas. Our promoter arranged our venues for us. We probably arrived around 11:15pm (after open bar at Tao). Had to wait in a line, but it wasn't bad at all. & we even got 2 free drink tickets each! :) Major plus.Music was good. The venue is really nice. My eyes went straight for the waterfall, which I absolutely loved. Lots & lots of tables though compared to the dance floor. Oh, there's a lot of stairs too, so be prepared ladies! Haha. Definitely took the elevator when I left :)Not sure if I'll be hitting up Tryst on my next visit, but I wouldn't mind it if we did.
4	The concierge at Monte Carlo suggested Tryst for our group of 6 for a Saturday night out. We made reservations for bottle service and showed up right as 10 pm as instructed. We got in line but were soon grabbed out of line by Steven Johnson, our VIP Services Manager and we were walked right to our table. Steven was super professional and helpful.In my previous Vegas bottle service experience the waitress we were given poured the drinks super stiff to get our bottle empty and get us out of that table but at Tryst this was not the case at all. Our waitress was sweet and friendly, fixed our drinks as we needed them, and then told us that we may stay at the table as long as we'd like - even after out bottle was finished. This was fabulous!My only complaint - If we heard the DJ play "put ur f***ing hands up!" one more time we were going to scream... it was obnoxious.
2	Trysts is the smallest of the three clubs between the Encore and the Wynn. Of course I had to stand in line for no reason because I was with a group of guys. The line was about 40 minutes and the bouncers working the line are particularly rude for some reason, even when they ask for your ID. The 50 dollar cover threw me off a little but I went ahead and bit the bullet. The inside of the club is very nicely decorated. The music was all techno/house. If anyone tells you different it is a lie. Now for the minus'; the club get's way too crowded (almost to dangerous levels). The staff does not help the situation at all. If you are not lucky enough to get a table then there is no place for you to stand and enjoy your drink. Every time we would stop to talk there was a bouncer telling us to move along. So the club is really geared to the people with tables. The well drinks are pretty good but expensive (as is everything in LV). A Rum and Coke was $14.  If you were on the dance floor you used to have a great view of the waterfall while dancing; now they put the dj booth and a couple of display boards up, blocking the view. Tryst is a good place if you can get (afford) a table. On a previous trip I bought a table. If not, it is not even a good people watching bar because it is too crowded.
2	The waterfall is gorgeous, the dancers are hot, but the crowd leaves much to be desired.
4	A high-class luxury nightclub with a circular dancefloor and stunning waterfall trickling from behind the DJ, located in the Wynn, Vegas. It's very similar to XS, just a smaller version of it.Last Sunday, rockin' the house by surprise was Flo Rida! We closed up the club with Arenbe Williams back stage. What a night!
4	Well, I'm not usually a huge fan of night clubs but this one isn't too bad. This seems to be the more low-key dance club whereas the other large nightclub in the Wynn, "XS," is in your face and the people seem to try too hard.It looks like the bouncers and door people have realized they shouldn't treat their hotel guests like slave labor. After all, we do pay their bills. Good on them for passing into the 2nd stage of customer service. After another stage or two, I'm sure the average McDonald's would consider hiring them for a drive-through position.I was here for 4th of July weekend, and given the insane amount of traffic there was going to be, it would have made a lot of sense to put a 2nd bartender at the bar on the far right. It was like a mosh pit trying to get a drink order taken care of. Luckily, I caught the bartender's eye and she made sure I was served straight away whenever I'd pay her a visit.
5	Honestly I can't tell which is my favorite club in Vegas - it's a toss-up between XS and Tryst.  We stayed at the Encore and got tickets to Tryst at the concierge desk (I didn't know you could do that).  By pre-paying, it entitles you to bypass the entire line and walk right on in as long as it's by 11pm.  Trust me it's well worth it.  Tryst is one of the most beautiful clubs in existence as far as I have ever seen.  It also had the best girl-to-guy ratio...I would go as far to say there were quite a few more girls than guys - always a PLUS!  Drinks are expensive - average for Vegas.  Next time I plan on getting bottle service.  If you do too, get a booth and not an "end table".  I saw a few people huddled around one of the VIP end-tables and they looked miserable.  Don't do it!  Spend the couple of hundred extra and live like a king - TRYST IS WORTH IT.  By the way, dear DJ:  you're off the hook!
3	Came here a couple of times, I came here last week and I have to say that it was way too crowded and the drinks mixed sucked. The bartender was very rude. I asked for a coke with my drink and she literally gave us maybe 3 table spoons of it.
5	oh tryst...i always have a good fucking time here...despite the line sometimes...but when u get plugged up its cool...las vegas is all about who you know and how much money you have...i actually prefer this over over rated xs...the only downside to this place is that its kinda small...but theres a nice lil waterfall next to the lil outdoor patio that everyone and thier mommas taken a picture next to...drinks in vegas are always over priced...but thats vegas...lemon drops, henny, patron, adios, grey goose...yeahs im always floored here...be careful going down them damn stairs essp if youve got your hooker heels on or just plain ol drunk...
4	Tryst is another stunning nightclub in the LV club scene. It wasn't as packed as we were expecting when we went to line up. Although the line -was only about a half-hour to an hour wait with a heavily guy ratio, we took a deal with some dude who was offering us to pay $10 extra and skip the line entirely for all guys because our girls had a promoter hook them up to get into the club for free instantly. Some very attractive people here, and surprisingly a few cougars. Like with wrinkles cougars. What are they doing there I wonder... The bar was incredibly hectic. Each bar only has one bartender what the hell? During the wait there were some girls trying to score free drinks off us during, but no dice girlies! I had a lot of fun here! It's no XS or Marquee, but a few drinks in and they're very much the same. Bottoms upppp
1	The night of 7.16.11 we had the worst DJ on the planet.  He played lame repetitive beats mixed with 90's rap songs.  My itunes shuffle could have done a better job.  No one was dancing and he kept on going.  UGH!!!  We would have stayed longer but didn't solely because of the obnoxious noise coming from the speakers.  I'm not a square... I love house music, techno, rap, hip-hop, etc.  I expected more, especially in Vegas, especially at Wynn. Now, the place itself is cool.  Giant, half outside, waterfall, your typical Vas experience.  Fun stuff but the DJ ruined the night.
5	Tryst was a blast!! Not only is it absolutely gorgeous, but it was complete with great music and an epically fun crowd. I have to say I'm kind of proud of myself for getting us through the line immediately, cutting 3 other groups of girls, and into the club for free. Not sure how I did it but I would love to give the bouncer a big hug for that!Let's just say we danced our bodies off. Literally. I'm still sore! And I know one of my friends feet still hurt haha. We all loved how people were dancing everywhere! And not just on the dance floor. We grouped up with some really cool peeps and started a giant dance circle and just partied the night away until 4am. It was very difficult getting up to head back to Santa Barbara at 11am but a night at Tryst was well worth the hangover and lack of sleep!We will be back soon!
4	Tryst is probably overshadowed a lot by the bigger, larger, and more crowded XS.Don't get drawn to the crowds though because this place is NIIICE too!XS may have the pool...but Tryst has a waterfall! Waterfall trumps pool!This place is more loungey than a club. There's WAYYY too many tables and WAYYY too small of a dance floor!The ambiance was nice and swanky. On warm summer nights its very refreshing to just look out at the waterfall with a cocktail in hand.I would highly recommend this place as a starter (if you can get in for free) or if you have a table. Otherwise, its just too small to entertain you for a whole night.
3	This place is okay, it's so small compared to other places in Vegas. The dance floor gets crowded with very little room to move and the bouncers by the entrance/exit to the dance floor don't even give you a second to get your way through the walk way before they start yelling for you to move out of the way, how rude!The only good thing about coming here was the free hook up to get in & get 2 free drinks! Also, the short wait in line, especially with a group of girls :)
4	The music is good; nice mix throughout the night. The dance floor is a little small, but you can walk around outside and gaze at the awesome waterfall in the background.
4	What a lovely Vegas club.  I love the waterfall and the outdoor area.  Perfect area to have a drink and conversation with people and when you're ready to dance, you just go inside to the busy dance floor.  When you're tired of dancing, go back outside and the sound of the waterfall will calm and relax you.  Rinse and repeat.  This club also felt a lot more classy than the other clubs.
4	Been here 3 times and its been fun for all of them. The music is great, the DJs have always been on point. The layout is pretty similar to XS but the outside is much smaller, so it gets crowded quick. I wish the dance floor was bigger though.
5	Underrated. My favorite club in Vegas. Always beautiful people and the place is set up well. I've never had a bad night coming here.
4	I would say that Tryst is more of a place where you get a bottle-service and relax with some of your friends.  The dance floor is tiny, and because they let way too many people in- there is a constant crowd pushing to and from the bars and bathrooms.   But like I said, if you are comfortable at a table you can sit back and enjoy the decent music and the cool atmosphere (complete with a steaming waterfall).  You might even get to watch some drunk girl decide to plunge into the water for attention.
2	This place is another Vegas night club that is living off its reputation. First, the dance floor is way too crowded for any real dancing.  I could barely move without bumping into other people.  Second, my girlfriend and I waited in line way too long while some average looking girls at best cut to the front of the line.  If you are looking for a place to dance and have a few drinks without a bunch of hassles don't come here.
5	Ok, this is one of the sweetest clubs I've ever been to.  first off, they have the nicest people working there. prices for drinks are great, the bartenders are a little slow not too bad tho, I suggest you get free passes from guys at the corner and just tip them like $5 a head cause if you dont have this free pass it's $30 for guys to get in.  90 ft waterfall in the club, SWEET, and the music was the best I've heard in a long time!!
4	I think it is almost a crime that girls get in everywhere in Vegas for free with almost no wait. It's even better when there's a huge waterfall awaiting you when you walk in wowowow! The only bad thing about this venue is that the dance floor is a bit small. But whatever, that just means that everyone can get comfortable with each other in the crowd. Needs better looking people on Fridays though...but the music was really good and got me in the mood to par-tay. That didn't really matter though...I think the alcohol did the trick. The FREE alcohol that I got because I'M A LADY!!
4	Legit club in Vegas.  It was a friday night but it wasn't overly crowded.  We stayed for a few good hours and were burnt out.Lots of tools in the club though.  Eddy Hardy types.  You know what I'm talking about.
2	Not enough Asians.Okay, seriously though, deducting one star because of the lame cashier up in front.It was Friday night and due to major traffic, my friends and I didn't get to Vegas until 1:00 am and didn't even have time to go to our room and change... we changed IN THE PARKING STRUCTURE for goodness sakes, and did our makeup in the car, while stuck in traffic.We arrived at the cashier around 1:35 am and even though we were all on guest list, we still had to pay $20, because guest list closed at 1:30 am.  The cashier couldn't give us a break and just let us in, even though we had 3 girls and 1 guy.  We all paid and then I got a text from my friend who was already inside celebrating his birthday, that he already left and was at the entrance.  I quickly turned around to the cashier, told her the news, and asked if we could get a refund 'cause we were going to leave.  Again, could not give us a break and said there was nothing she could do.  She would have to call the manager and the manager had already left.  Uh, ok, whatever.Thankfully, birthday boy was just drunk and didn't mean it when he said he left the club; he meant he was going to leave the club, so we found him rather quickly since we were already at the entrance.I don't remember much about the venue, ambiance, and decor other than there was a huge waterfall displayed behind the DJ and go-go dancers (I feel like no one here has ever seen a waterfall before... I definitely recommend visiting Niagara Falls).  The venue wasn't that big, and the crowd wasn't that great looking either.  Everything was just really mediocre, including the music.Would I go back?  Probably not.
2	So you walk into Tryst and you see that huge, beautiful waterfall and think WOW! And then you realize the place is so packed you can't move, breathe, drink or dance without risking life and limb. Boo, Tryst. It's okay to stop letting people in at some point, you know.
4	Love LOVE the waterfall but hate the large crowds. You basically have to move in herds cuz there just isn't any space here. Music is good...basically what you would hear at any of the other top clubs. The wait to get in could take awhile so get there early!
1	If your looking for a club with loud music with a lot of hot women this be the place to go. Be prepared to pay out the butt for entrance fees and drinks. Oh and be prepared to wait a while before you get in unless you know somebody or you grease a few palms.
4	This is a excellent nightclub but be warned that it is probably one of the smaller ones in Vegas. Tryst is like a fine dining experience. You pay for the quality. Lavish decorations, a beautiful waterfall view, a more exclusive set of people and great lighting. Compared to a Tao (which has really dark lighting), Tryst has exceptional lighting. You're actually able to see who you're dancing with on the floor, without it being overly bright.I came here when it first opened. It was definitely a hot spot and I preferred this over Tao (a couple blocks down). The Go-Go dancers were also super friendly. They ended up taking a lot of pictures with us and security was super cool about it, since we were all chill.The Wynn is known for having a classy environment, so I'm not surprised that this place is up to par. In fact, when XS opened at it's sister tower Encore right across the street, it reminded me of Tryst times 10! Since they are both owned by Wynn Resorts, you'll notice a lot of similarities in design and branding. Gold is definitely one of their trademark colors.Although XS is currently my favorite nightclub in Vegas, this still remains one of my favorite spots to grab a drink and enjoy the nightlife.
5	After the ridiculous mid-5 figure bill that I was witness to at XS for a previous bachelor party, http://www.yelp.com/biz/xs-nightclub-las-vegas#hrid:pdS06OU3KDcoplp58tyGYw I told myself that this time around we were going to cool it and go low key at Tryst...  whatever "low key" means in a town like Las Vegas.  I was a bit concerned that the crowd was going to be lower-end because of the huge disparity in table minimums between Tryst and their more popular neighbor XS or Marquee, but I was pleasantly surprised by the water quality of the women at this club.  Then again, I'm really not very partial to the ice-queen/club princess look that the super expensive places seem to attract...  although to my detriment, I did see a few truly beastly females that I'm sure would never have made it past the door when Tryst was in its prime.  As others have said, the layout is much like a mini-XS.  The waterfall is fresh and the dance floor - although small - is well situated with easy ingress/egress.  Our table was right next to one of the dance floor exits so it was extremely easy to swoop on girls who finished dancing and were fanning themselves from their exertion.  "You girls look thirsty, come here and have a drink with us" was my initial opener, although after awhile, a couple of my buddies would just hold up drinks with a straw bent invitingly in their direction... and a surprising number of girls would just come over and start sipping!  To me this is unbelievable in this age of Rufalin and GHB.  Good thing we're not creeps.  *self-reflective sigh* After that, it was up to us to keep the beat with the Top 40 and hip hop blasting over the loudspeakers.And speaking of music: has anyone ever bothered to read the lyrics to the "Shots" song by LMFAO and Lil' Jon?  I couldn't believe how stupid and misogynistic the words were...  and yet how all the girls would go crazy and dance 50-75% harder (yes, I was quantifying) when the DJ would play the song.  I guess every generation needs a club hit that women love even though the message and intent of the tune are patently offensive to them.  Incidentally, not trying to date myself, but it was "Ain't No Fun" by Snoop Dogg in my time...  cuz you know it's, 1 for the money, 2 to get bitches, 3 to get ready and 4 to hit the switches on my Chevy '64: red to be exact....  ...With bitches on mah side and bitches on mah back.  Couldn't resist finishing that last rhyme.And when did 1988 become the new industry standard birthyear for club-going females??  Maybe it's just that I have a type, but eight of the ten girls that I evinced interest in were born in the year of the South Korean Olympics.  After getting over the niggling fact that these girls were gestating zygotes while I was a precocious 8 year old forming Voltron from the five lionbots, it made me think about  my buddy's favorite jam"Hand in Hand".  This was the theme song from that year's Olympics, aka  "Sohn eh sohn jahp goh"  *FOBS in their 30's are nodding their heads wildly in agreement right now*  Incidentally, the same buddy was there at the club, with his fine looking heina.  Telling him to put his face-sucking on hold for a minute, with a plethora of emotions rolling around in our hearts (and a BAC of no less than .12%) we sang "Hand in Hand" together.  He took higher harmony, I took melody and all was right in the world as the crowd punctuated our understated homoerotic display of friendship chanting, "shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots everybody!"
2	If it's not one thing, it's something else. Went there on a Saturday on my first visit. My friend and I were separated and I didn't want to leave without her. She was talking to a bouncer who asked to talk to a bouncer near me so they could help us coordinate and meet up. Well the bouncer next to me a jerk and wouldn't talk on my phone to help. Finally another bouncer saw us getting into an argument and helped me out. So for the most part, still a fun night. But unusually mean bouncer man, you need to get fired. He's shorter than most girls and does nothing but look mean all night. Power trip? I think yes. Second time I go there is on a Friday night. Granted we got free drinks. No one was under the age of 35. Nothing's wrong with that, just not my crowd. Not a lot of dancing, more drinking. The evil bouncer was there again, looking just as miserable as he did the last time I was there. One plus side was, they had really good music playing both nights. If you just want to kick it, maybe this place is for you. But if you want the wild and crazy Vegas night, XS or Marquee would probably be better.
3	I fucking hate clubs.  I really do.  That being said, this place is more on the tolerable side, mostly because of the outside area out back.  There's a pretty sweet waterfall and an open deck where people can dance/talk/daterape or whatever it is people do at clubs when they're not trying to fingerbang the drunkest chick there.  20 dollars to get in for dudes, really long wait if you're not a girl, and drinks were expensive.  I mean really expensive.  As in fuck you expensive.
5	I LOVE THIS CLUB!!! Let's get the cons out of the way...drinks are expensive, dance floor is crowded, and getting in can be a pain, blah, blah, blah...welcome to Vegas. Anyway...the place is BIG, there is a lot of space for tables/bottle service and the dance floor is a good size. The view of the pool and waterfall on rocks is nice and the bathrooms are lovely as well. Alex Dreamz (DJ) plays THE BEST music...I never wanted to leave the dance floor. I would love to party here again and again because as far as nightclubs go...Tryst is a blast!
4	All my friends said - one place you must visit in Vegas is Tryst. So I set out to enquire with my concierge and so glad I did because she helped put us on a ladies' guest list and we didn't spend 2 hours standing in line! It was definitely a little disorganized and one of my friends quite had to hustle her way in despite us being on some 'list.' But hey, when we got it, the only one star I'll refrain from rewarding is for how many people they packed in here. The drinks/bar were decently accessible, because of it being open-air, ventilation was decent, music was awesome, waterfall was fun! Plenty of seating space (yeah, for bottle service, but still). What I especially fell in love with was the front chambers of the lounge before entering the club! Plush velvet, odd-shaped mirrors, amazing sound system - the best part of the night was lounging and enjoying the music without having to get pushed around.
4	My first BIG club at Vegas. Needless to say, I felt a bit in awe of the situation I found myself in (amidst the drunkenness; maybe that was why I was awe). Once you walk in the club, a giant waterfall greets you as you try to dance your way to it. That was pretty impressive (to me, at least). Apparently, after reading some of the reviews for this place, you could actually go outside? I guess I never got that far, as I was pretty shmammered dancing around the rest of the night. I'm really not a fan of clubs, but this was a pretty cool one. Bottomline: Great time in Vegas! This was partly due to a great hookup from a friend that actually pulled through (her "guy" got 4 guys and 4 girls in for free; the odd man out paid a $25 cover - definitely not bad at all!).
3	I'm basing my review solely on the club and not the terrible bouncers and security outside. They seriously made our lives hell considering the fact that we got bottle service. We had a group of about 20 but six of us went in 5 mins after the rest of our group because we had to use the bathroom. Security was well aware of this by the way. Once we got back from the bathroom, a security guard yelled at us for not having a stamp even though he knew we were in the bottle service group. We dropped $1600 to get yelled at? Screw you police academy drop out, get a real freaking job. Now for the club. We had an amazing time overall, even though our waitress was a joke. I've had better servers at a Denny's restaurant who don't get $300 tips. The DJ was great and the club had an awesome atmosphere. We literally were dancing at least 97% of the time and a good time was had by all. I seriously recommend that the management retrain their security and servers though. They should be happy to have groups of people drop their hard-earned money during this economy.
4	It was my cousins bachelor party and we had about 12 dudes with us. It was last minute but one of my friends had some hookups inside. We instantly bypass the treacherous line on Saturday night and got a table. I think it was two bottles minimum, but we got three Greygoose's with some red bull. Our hostess was very attentive to all our needs. She poured our drinks and checked up on us regularly. The only criticism I had about the VIP area is being a little cramped inside. The club is really huge... It has a live waterfall inside for god sakes. Maybe we had too many dudes for one table!The music was all Trance that night. I'm more of a hiphop type of person but it was still enjoyable to dance. The waterfall really made part of the club feel like an outdoor area. Drunk folks were jumping into the water like no other!Anyways, a good club in Vegas that shouldn't be missed.
5	Tryst in 2011 is like that girl you used to date who was a model...15 years ago.You can get a lot of mileage out of Tryst because it's no longer one of the 'it' spots in Vegas, but the place is still real nice by most common standards. You won't have to deal with a ridiculous line, pretentious doormen/bouncers, and people all up in your grill because the venue broke fire-code 500 patrons ago.5 stars because I'm feeling generous.
4	Tryst is no longer the IT spot of Vegas as Marquee or XS but it still is a nice beautiful club. The sister of XS with the nice outdoor waterfall and ambient lighting all around. There are the poles for the girls to make a fool of themselves while all the guys around the phone whip out their cellphone cameras LOL and the music was good. The bars were so busy  but maybe because we only went to the one closest to the dancefloor...My group of 2 girls and 2 guys decided to head to Tryst around 1 am after watching lame-o show, KA (see my review) and getting our free buzz on at the casino tables.Earlier that evening, i put my name down under a host for guestlist. 1 am is beyond the  guestlist time but the front door people let us in no charge and without a problem or hassle. Things like this makes the clubbing experience so much better because you don't waste time or kill your buzz.
3	Because nightclubs come and go in Vegas, Tryst is currently like the older sibling of XS/Marquee, but still trying to party and be cool like them. I chose this place on our Vegas itinerary because most of the reviews said it wasn't all house/techno like XS; a mix of Top 40/Hip Hop. After waiting 15 minutes to get into the place for FREE thanks to my awesome host, we were greeted with 20 minutes of straight hip hop. Then, things were mostly house for the rest of the night. Kind of a letdown. The waterfall is nice though and I think we saw Portia de Rossi walk through.Just another place to say that you have been here.
2	I would go early and leave early it becomes very crowded but worth a view and then out.  This place was literally a fire hazard.  If there is a line or cover don't bother.  Go back over to the larger clubs at the Encore like Surrender.
3	This place is absolutely beautiful inside and the atmosphere is great..... but the music was not as amazing as I would have expected at one of the "it" spots in vegas. There was absolutely no variety, just straight techno/house for hours on end. Someone should remind the doormen at this club that they are DOORmen at a LAS VEGAS club that lost its steam a while ago. The doormen are pretentious, rude, and think they are too important to make human contact with you (why these people think they are cool.... I have no idea...) Come to LA you assholes and see how a nice club is really run.The "hostess" looked like a coke whore from 2001 who may have once had a promising career as a striper.... They let about 900 more people in than they probably should have which is why my girlfriend and her sister were almost decked 5 times by the riff raft that was let into this club...no elbow room, no dancing room...just claustrophobia. Go to Marquee....Tryst is a nice place but not worth the money and the tension headache to deal with the useless bouncers, and hordes of ugly people they let it.
2	From the way I saw it, if you want to have fun at Tryst, you had best be poppin' bottles. Otherwise, get used to hearing the phrases "you can't stand here" and "keep it moving," because there is about an inch of space for every five people who aren't getting bottle service, and seemingly no where you are allowed to actually stand. The music was all boom-chicka boom-chicka with no lyrics or anything familiar. I know some people dig that but I like more variety. The main bar was pretty small and hella packed, and located inconveniently in one of the main aisles that you weren't supposed to stand around. Do most people just get frustrated and succumb to bottle service in defeat? And finally, was it just me or was it kind of icky-smelling in there? I could have stuck around to find the answers to these questions and more but in all honestly I wasn't really feeling well that night, anyway. I gladly sacrificed my night at Tryst for some quality time with my pillow. And you best be believin' I made up for lost time the following night.
4	Very cool dance club. Amazing layout with a waterfall. Love the main dancefloor that extends outside. Expensive on certain nights. I have not paid more then $20.00 to get in. Drinks are about $12-$20.00. Music was good, but changes to house after midnight.
4	By my limited experience in Vegas nightclubs, I'd say Tryst and Surrender are two of the best clubs on the strip with the best clientele. They get crowded quick, so get in early, pay for bottle service and bring as many ladies with you as possible to get the best seating, with the best views! Be ready to drop $4k and more just to play ball at that level Its worth it!
4	If you've been doing the nightlife thing for as long as I have, you reach a point where you feel like you've seen it all before (in many cases, because you've actually been to the space before, but now it's just been renamed as another club).In town for a convention and got the hookup on the guest list at Tryst. Had minimal expectations despite being told that it was 'the' spot to be at on a Thursday night. Shouldn't have worried, Vegas always knows how to juice things up a bit.Located at the Wynn resort, Tryst is downstairs. It's all about either buying a bottle - which I'm generally opposed to unless you're in a huge party - or getting hooked up on someone's list. In this case, I was on Aaron Miller's list. Blessings to you sir, my wait time was all of 5 minutes, if that.Club is SWEET. Sort of a big oval shape. Interior has lots of deep red. Bottle service tables everywhere. At least three bars that  I can remember. Drinks are your standard Vegas club prices, which is to say they are pricey ($15-ish for a mixed drink). Exterior is centered around a giant waterfall, which is quite a sight to behold. Lots of blue colors and the white furniture. Dereck Anthony was the DJ...very competent set. Crowd was fairly attractive. Go-go dancers were pleasant-looking, but not particularly good at go-go dancing. In sum, it's been awhile since I've walked into a club and been like 'whoah!' Always nice to be pleasantly surprised.
4	It may be as big or grand as its neighbor XS, but you know what, I like Tryst. The music set are good, it gets crowded early, and the wait-time is minimal.The two times I've been here, I did not have to pay cover. Just make sure you're put onto their guest-list and you should be good to go. Sure, the drinks are expensive and the space is smaller, but I'll take that over dropping 50+ to get into XS.
4	Went on a Thursday, no wait to get in. The place is beautiful on the inside and the DJ was was good. He played mostly Top 40 and current club hits. Go to see the waterfall, if nothing else.
4	tryst will always have a special place in my heart because it was the first club in vegas where i got smashed and almost got kicked out. heck, i might as well have been wheel-chaired home from the state i was in. we got to tryst at a reasonable time, around 1030-11 and went in with no problem. i think our guys didn't even pay or paid something like 10 bucks. the first thing you notice is the beautiful waterfall. that in itself makes the entire club experience worth while. i was sad because i only took one photo of it, and i really wish i was sober enough to take more. i was already tipsy, but i had the courage to go sit at a random table without being invited with my vegas-partner-in-crime. and that's where it went down hill for me. we didn't even get to dance because these guys were pouring us so many shots. my friend and i were having an amazing time just sitting and drinking! imagine that. and then i felt it, that feeling in your stomach when you know you've had too much. i ran for the bathroom and basically made a fool out of myself. enough so that one of the lady security guards told me i had to leave. my friends were all too drunk to function so we all felt it was time to make it back to our room. but before we left, my girlfriend muster up the words "you look like a man" to the lady security guard that kicked us out. dot dot dot. well tryst, game set and matched.
3	I've been to Tryst a few times, and I'm pretty neutral about it. It's one of those clubs that you use to start a night off with. Skip the line and get drinks early for pregaming, then bounce to the other places. I've had a bunch of encounters with creepy and gross guys, so it's never been a club that I want to stay at for long. The set up of the venue is alright, a little too dark for my liking though. I do like how you have to go down stairs to enter the club, it seems a little more exclusive, and the entrance to the club is fun.
5	WOW Factor this is Beautiful club luv the body guard that wlkd me 2 & from the bathroom 2 my table! Customer service at its Best!
2	the waterfall behind the dj is the only amazing thing about this place. It's filled with 40 yr olds, and they play top 40 songs mixed with random hip-hop music. Makes me feel like im at an 18+ club with creepers all over again...even the go-go dancers don't seem to enjoy it
5	Background: I am 25 years old. I went to Vegas for my first time in July 2011, and Tryst was my first place ever ordering bottle service in a nightclub.  For a list of FAQ's about Vegas Nightclubs, refer to JackColton.com.  It was very helpful.  Anyways, I went to Tryst on a Thursday night.  It was me, and two of my best friends.  I reserved us a table with bottle service through Tryst's website.  It was very easy to do, they emailed me right back, told me the price, where to check-in, etc.When checking-in: Get there pretty early, look for a guy with a clipboard, and tell him your name (it was that simple).  They will escort you to your table.  Our table was right off the waterfall.  It was a bit secluded from the rest of the nightclub, but we didn't mind.  The tables near the waterfall are actually outside, so it was nice to get a breeze from the air and waterfall.  Our waitress was super polite, and waited on us hand and foot.  Anything we needed, she was willing to help.  Attire: Once again this was our first night in a club.  We just wore nice jeans, a button down (bradley cooper shirts as we like to call them), and some dress shoes.  No need to over do it and dress like you're Gordon Gecko from Wallstreet.  Keep in mind, Vegas in July is really fucking hot.  Dress nice, but comfortable.  If you wear a blazer, you'll be sweatin in no time.  If you roll up in some gym shoes and a Cubs hat, you will probably be asked to leave. What we ordered: Since we are 3 irish boys from Chicago....we ordered Jack Daniels.  The bottle is a Liter, not a 750ml (a fifth).  We got to choose 3 mixers which they will replenish for you throughout the night.  Not sure if they have 1.75L (what the college kids call a "handle") but i bet it's really pricey.Price: $450.  What does this get you?  Free entry into the club.  By-pass the long line.  A table which is yours for the entire night.  A bottle of your choice.  This does not include tip.  We tipped just over 20% - we gave $100.  Total bill: $550...split 3 ways = $183 per person.NOTE: When you reserve a table for bottle service, they have a 3 person limit per bottle.  This may be different from male to female, but if you have a group of lets say....5 guys...you will probably have to buy 2 bottles in order to have the table. Tryst had an extensive bottle list, but being this was our first night in Vegas, we wanted to get completely trashed.  Whiskey did just that.  After about 3 hours we witnessed some kid jumping into the Tryst Pool and then getting thrown out.  That was hilarious cuz we found out his name, started chanting "KYLE!! KYLE!!! KYLE!!" which only egged him on.  I watched my friend grind on some washed-up broads in their 40s, and needless to say I captured it all on camera.  Best of all, we made good friends with the bouncer in our area, and he gave us a card for a limo driver.  This limo driver picked us up for FREE and drove us wherever we asked.  I believe the bouncer's name was Jose - really nice guy, very helpful.All together Tryst is a very nice club.  I give it five stars because it's actually easier to talk.  The music is loud, but it's only really loud in the main dance area.  It was nice to actually be able to talk to everyone around our table and not have to shout in their ear.
4	I'm gonna describe Tryst in these words "Hella Good Music!!" haha though I'm not "bay area" material, that's the only way I could explain Tryst.  We went here first for our drink tickets and then moved our way to XS, but Tryst convinced us to come back afterward because they play better music! If you're gonna play "N***as in Paris" by Jay-Z and Kanye, you have me there all night! hahahaThey also have a pole available to dance on. I think this is essential for clubs because it gets people going! I've been here twice and I had great experiences both times.
1	Meh...FAILStaff was unorganized.Total line confusion.Bartender was snobby and tried to get my friend to pay for the drink she (the bartender) spilled.Club was not that great, it was a Friday night and the only thing somewhat full was the dance floor and it was supposed to be full because Angela Simmons was celebrating her bday there.Security is rude if you dont flirt back with them.The one star is for the waterfall and the organized bathroom.Will NOT be returning.
3	An Outsider's Review of TrystI am not a "club-person." But this past weekend, I donned my heels and whorepaint and hit the dance floor at Tryst. A small disclaimer: I have nothing against dancing, I'm just more comfortable at a pub with a beer than on a dance floor with a drink ending in -tini. That being said, I had a bunch of fun at Tryst. I spent too much because of those cocktail waitresses and their $12 shots of fruity shooters. And because of the ladies behind the bar and their $16 AMFs. But hey, I didn't feel my feet aching too bad, which meant the lovely libations were doing the trick.Ladies get in free if you get in good with a promoter (just look for dudes with suits, sneakers, and cell phones loitering outside the club). Expensive drinks yeah, but it's Vegas. And you get to dance by a waterfall. You don't get to say that at the pub!
5	This is probably the best nightclub in Vegas.  The music, the waterfall, and everyone there is just awesome.  Went here with a large group of friends and this place was bumpin!  Make sure that you have equal amount of girls as guys, as Girls will get in for free and Guys will pay whatever they are charging (as every place in Vegas will do).  The music was awesome, the waterfall was classy, the drinks were flowing, and if your not having a good time here then you don't belong here.
3	If you've never done the Vegas night club scene this is where you want to go but COUPLES beware this is not fun if you dont get yourself a booth. This is a singles place for sure. But, prepare yourself to have a much better time by shelling out the money. Pay extra to hop in the VIP line. We were staying at the Wynn so we could get in the guests line but it pays off (since this is one of the hottest night clubs right now) to get special treatment. I definitely recommend bottle service and booth if you go with a large crowd the atmosphere is dark, sexy and mysterious but crowded if you have no designated area.
1	This place just sucked.When a person compares Las Vegas clubs, it's easy to assume that the wait and cover charge are all pretty much the same. Therefore, I'm basing my review solely on my experience of the club itself.OVERCROWDED - LV clubs are overcrowded, yes, that's a given. But, this was not your typical LV club overcrowding. This place was shoulder to shoulder, "I can barely move" crowded.DRESS CODE? - I get that certain people have connections and therefore the dress code may not apply to them, but, there was about 6-7 white haired elderly guys in sandals, cargo shorts, and a tucked in polo walking around. They had drinks in their hands and were looking around for potential chicks to pick up on.DANCE FLOOR - people push and shove like crazy. Two girls started throwing punches but were quickly separated by their friends. One guy literally, grabbed my shoulder and shoved me. I turned around, he gave me a dirty look and kept walking while staring at me. He then tried pushing another guy, but that other guy didn't take it so lightly and there began, yet, another shove match. THEN, my wife had one drink spilled on her back and another "accidentally" spilled ON HER HEAD.Overall, if you want to have a good time, hit up XS. This place is overrated. The only people that looked like they were having a decent time were the people with bottle service and a table. One group of guys said that it backfired on them though. Since the dance floor was too crowded, they didn't take potential chicks out to dance, so the girls drank a lot of alcohol and "are now sloppy drunk sitting in my lounge area".
4	Wait, this is not XS...??Same layout, make you do a double take. Perhaps the waterfall was the only thing different.....Promoters are awesome. (hence the extra star)Crowd is generally cool (less greasy than XS). SMALL dance floor....so best not to go in a group and expect everyone to get down on there. You will be elbowed, and pushed and sholved.
5	Thank you Tryst for making my first Vegas club experience an unforgettable one. The beautiful waterfall offers an ambiance of both an indoor and outdoor setting with a whiff of fresh air when you need it without actually stepping out. Whoever came up with this idea.. You rock!The drinks were strong enough to give me a good buzz, probably because it was my birthday weekend so the drinks kept coming and the buzz kept going! Cheers to another amazing night in Vegas!
5	It's true, when you first walk in the first thing you'll be awed by is the gigantic waterfall they have going on. I was so amused by it, I ended up underneath the waterfall in some random VIP section. It was beautiful. Drinks were good, they don't skimp you on the alch. The dance floor was a hit or miss, one second it was poppin', the next it was emptying out. I'd definitely put Tryst on my top 5 go to clubs.
5	Tryst and XS are made by the same people and you can certainly tell.Tryst is nice but not as nice as XS.I honestly dont remember the details of the decor. All I remember is that I had an awesome time! Met some real live ballers with table service and they made our Vegas trip unforgetable!!! The entire weekend!....So, I just want to thank Tryst for letting some amazing people in the club (lol).There were poles near our table and we had a good time with those.It was a group of 5 females and we got into the club free on a Friday night. However, we eventually got kicked out because some girl LIED and said that we were arguing with her???????...Im not sure how that was even possible because we were sitting at a table the entire time. The bouncers booted one of my friends so we all left. I think somebody was mad at our pole dancing! LOLAnywho, I love Tryst nonetheless.
5	First off I would like to say THANK YOU to Roger Banks!  He hooked us up with Bottle Service. Lil Jon was there that night. He DJ for most of the night. It was a group of 5 ladies.  We were celebrating my sister in laws 21st b-day.  We got sat outside by the waterfall.  I totally recommend getting a table outside. It's not as loud and crowded.  This is one of the most beautiful clubs on the strip.  We had our own bodyguard who took us to the bathroom and kicked out any other person who tried to sit on our VIP.  The servers and host were amazing!  I highly recommend table service.  There's no where to sit and ladies your feet will hurt!  We got there at 10:00 pm and left at 5:00 am! I'm in love with Tryst.
5	Had the time of my life at this place.  I was here on Saturday and Lil John was in the House.  We met some guys from Chicago who let the Vodka, Champagne, and shot pour on all night.  The waterfall was a sight.  We were at the table right alongside it with a heater just in the right spot to keep us warm if we started getting sober.
3	hmm, what to do on a Thursday night in November?Go to XS? Boo, we got there and it was closed!!! So we ended going to Tryst as a second choice.  We arrived there around midnight, and got in without any problems--of course it was 6 girls! Once we walked down the stairs and got to the cashier, we were like "we're not going to pay $20/person!!" So we decided to leave the club, and then the guys who were managing the lines earlier stopped us and escorted us in for free! (yay to girls in Sin City!!)I wonder how clubs get away with discrimination! So Sexist!!This was my second time at Tryst--nothing has changed since the last time I was here in 2009. I am just surprised how crowded it was on a Thursday night. I am not too sure the clubbers knew if Lil John was going to be there, but ,my girlfriend spotted him when he walked in!!! The decor is nice, and the waterfall where the DJ is makes it a lot nicer; w/o the waterfall, Tryst would just be any ordinary club in SF.
4	I had such a fun time at Tryst! I loved the outdoor feel to the club with the huge waterfall as the backdrop (reminds me of home - Niagara Falls!).We met a promoter while tanning at the Venetian so we were walked in and didn't have any issues at the door. There were some drunk ass girls on the dance floor, this one especially kept on flailing her arms and hitting all of us and her guy friend had to apologize like a bazillion times for her. That kinda put us in a sour mood, until we were invited to a table for free drinks. Dancing by the tables is a little awkward because there's only a small ledge above the couches were you can dance...that or you can dance on the couches...but I wouldn't really recommend that. Overall I loved the atmosphere and the decor. It was cute and close to the Venetian! Would definitely come again.
4	Love the setting of this place. It mirrors XS and Surrender, minus the outside & pool. There are plenty of space to stand around and mingle, or dance around and mingle. The DJ stand is right agains a man-made rock/waterfall, so it's very pretty. The girls were very hot; I was impress.And free before 10:30/11:00, even for guys, if you're on the guest list! That's a bonus.And don't forgot to stop in at ZoozaCrackers Deli for a little snack :)
3	It's not as great as xs but me and my girlfriends have great memories here:)
2	I'm not a real fan of this club. First of all, most of the hosts are douche-bags.  Second, the layout of the club sucks and most of the crowd is kind of ghetto for what you'd expect out of the Wynn hotel.  The indoor/outdoor dancefloor lounge area is nice as is the table by the waterfall, but it does get a bit isolated. For such a nice space, they seem to have too many people in there that break the dress code. I never felt the good party vibe like I would at a place like Lavo, which is way better.
2	First time coming to Tryst as my friend had her hook up to get us in. It was a Thursday night (Thanksgiving) around 11. There was no line to get in already so that wasn't a good sign to begin with =P We went in, got situated with some shots (rather cheap compared to the other high end clubs) and headed to the dance floor. There was no fancy DJ for the night, just a regular cat playing top 40's. The outdoor feel is cool with a little trickling waterfall in the background, but the crowd itself was out of whack. Everyone was looking to get into confrontation and shit and not have a good time. Personally, if you are going to just stand on the dance floor and not do anything, you shouldn't be on the mother fucken dance floor to begin with! The older (30-45) crowd here don't like us rowdy 25 year old's I suppose. I definitely won't be coming back.
3	Merrrr so apparently Tryst was the place to be on a Thursday night for my visit to Vegas so we decided to check it out. I wasn't impressed..We were on the guest list but it still took sooooo long to get inside. The guest list line was just as long as the general admission line. I finally pulled one of the workers over, which took A LOT of effort btw, and asked what was going on and why we weren't going in even though we were on guest list. He immediately asked for the name of our promoter and walked us in. NEVER HURTS TO ASK!Maybe because it was the place to be which is why it was PACKEDDDD. I could barely walked anywhere. I felt bad for my girl friends, who trekked everywhere in their 4-5 inch heels. Poor souls.. Getting onto the dancefloor was virtually impossible and security was pushing us around to stay away from the tables... uhhhh can't help it.. seriously. Ok, yes the club is beautiful inside and the waterfall is ginormous and amazing to look at, but my group couldn't really handle the overwhelming crowd in such a small space. It got to the point where my friend couldn't handle the crowd and cramped area so we had to leave early and just hang out at the casino. I honestly would want to give this place another shot. Until next time!
5	For anyone trying to get in to any club in Vegas, good luck. Sometimes its easier (for girls) and sometimes its a no go. I got in with my buddies but it cost a little extra. There's always people around the club who can get you in, and better chances are when you have a good girl to guy ratio. Look out for those people.Tryst was insane. you could barely move but it's worth it. Drinks are always expensive, so deal with it. The crowd is different every night, because you get different people every night who are coming from around the states and other counties. Room to dance, room to smoke, room to sit down and chill. The setting of the club is awesome, makes clubs in LA look like shit. Great club. Check it out at the Wynn hotel, one of the top clubs in vegas.
5	From the moment we walked in I knew it was gonna be a GREAT night!  I'm not sure if it was the guest DJ Jermaine Dupri, or if this spot is always jumping on Thursdays, what ever the case, it made for my best nightlife experience in Vegas that weekend!We kept comparing all the places to Tryst.  LOL.  First night...Best night!
4	A girlfriend and I went to Tryst on a Saturday. Although we were on a guest list and arrived at about 11p, we waited for about 20 minutes before being connected by a host and given a pass to get into the club.  The decor and design is beautiful. Dark, red (in keeping with the Wynn color scheme), waterfalls, an indoor/outdoor area. The dance floor is rather small, and in keeping with most Vegas clubs, seating was reserved for bottle service patrons.  There were a number of places to lean if you didn't have a table, though.  There was also a stripper pole toward the back of the club, and we enjoyed seeing many of the women take a spin on it and pose for pictures (of course, some were better than others).  The music was very good in my opinion, lots of variety- not just all electronica/house, there was hip-hop, R&B, Reggae, and some good mashups as well.  Drinks were expectedly expensive- mixed cocktails were about $15 each. We definitely had a good time, and will return to Tryst!
1	Wow this club is a total fail. A big disappointment on a Saturday night. Usually my Friday nights in Vegas is a bust when visiting but thanks to Tryst, they turned it all the way around LOL. First of all my name was on the guestlist and I didn't know that we didn't have to pay to get in because of course they didn't tell me. I found out because one of my friends told me that she said my name and got in free PLUS got a free drink card!!! I was PISSED i paid $20 to get in this small clustered club. Then I couldn't get my money back and I had to walk up 2 flights of stairs (again) to get the free drink card :-/ no thanks. The crowed here was so horrible and rude like hello it's called "excuse me" dumb tricks! There were just too many people in here and most of them were old women dressed like grannies. The bar is small with only TWO bartenders and 100 people waiting in line. It took 25 minutes for my friend to get her free drink. They won't serve no one in the middle just the side. The customer service here sucked bad. I was in shock because the Wynn is a nice hotel but their nightlife here at Tryst is lacking. Even though this guy asked us to join him at his table it still was weak and small :-/ then we left to go to  XS and can you believe they were going to charge us again even though Tryst and XS is own by the same damn people!! How cheap and tacky of them to do that. We should of went to XS in the first place because a guy we met had a table there but I just wanted us to try something new. Big mistake and I felt bad for ruining my friends night :( ugh Tryst I can't stand you LOL. I highly recommend you stay away from here it's not worth the cover.
5	I admit that I might be slightly biased because my group of girls was lucky enough to be invited to join a table of very nice, very rich Canadian gentlemen but my night at Tryst was awesome!After wandering through the club and becoming increasingly annoyed with the crowds and my high heels, one of my friends was approached by a bouncer who asked if she would like to join the table. She quickly rounded the other four of us up and we preceded to hang out with a couple of fun guys for the evening. These men had a large table near the center of the dance floor and the cushy red velvet seat was exactly what my sore feet needed to dance on. We had the absolute nicest server who we all adored. She made sure that we always had a drink in our hand. Even when I was starting the night slow (still recovering from night one of the trip), she offered me a water. When I eventually started drinking, she poured me a glass of Dom Perignon and later brought over shots of white gummy bear. At one point in the evening, I thought my purse was stolen (we later found it had fallen between the cushions on the couch) and she dropped everything to help me search. The bouncers were also super nice and made me feel very safe.The hip hop music was just what I needed to let loose and dance. And the gorgeous waterfall background was perfect!I'm nearly positive that had we not been invited to join this table, my night would have been far less enjoyable but as it stands, it was one of the best nights ever!
5	I am definitely NOT the clubbing type... I hate the idea of having to get all dolled up in high heels and reviling dresses just to dance in a room filled with a bunch of strangers. I can dance at home... for free! But... after being dragged to a handful of clubs in my time... I can say that this is the nicest club I have ever seen. The star of the club... the GIANT waterfall behind the DJ. I love the fact that you actually have something nice to look at while jump around in a very crowded room full of people. Now... If you can shove your way across the dance floor... there are lounge like areas on each side of the club. All of the seats said reserved but no one kicked us out after we stood and sat in the area for a good 2-3 hours. In this area you can get a great look at the pretty (but fake) waterfall, the pool of water from the waterfall, and some tactfully placed greenery that covers up the surrounding areas.
1	Attention Guys: BAIT AND SWITCH!!!On both vegas.com and on the official website for Tryst (trystlasvegas.com) the cover charge clearly states that it is $30 for men. Waited in line for an hour and the cashier said it was $50. I promptly left, furious that I had waited in line and wasted my time.
1	A group of 7 of us came to Tryst to celebrate our friends bachelorette party. The bouncers who let us in spoke to us rudely and made very inappropriate comments. I understand the volume of people they have to deal with but we were not being difficult, acting drunk or giving attitude. For example, as one bouncer was checking my ID, he looked at me and questioned that I was using my own ID. I laughed and said "aw, I was 16 that was over 10 years ago" (not being rude, but friendly) another bouncer on the other side of me  "wow that bitch has attitude". That was incredible rude, unprofessional and uncalled for. I responded with "excuse me?" and he threatened to throw "my ass" out. I was appalled as I always thought that you held your customer service standards at your hotel very high. One of the bouncers also made the bride to be cry as he told her not to "beg" when  she simply said "it's my bachelorette weekend!" she was not demanding anything or being rude, she was simply excited and he could have responded a bit more responsibly/respectfully or even ignored us if he knew what he was about to say was that horrible. Again, I understand how many people bouncers have to deal with but I also think they should understand the nature of their job and that they should make their customers experience enjoyable. Not one of us were rude, drunk or inappropriate - we simply walked away since we didn't want to argue and ruin our night. I did want to ask the bouncers their names so I could talk to someone about them but I was shocked and disgusted by their behavior. They were working the VIP (left side of the line). I hope someone can and will speak to them about their poor mannerism. With the amount of competition amongst night clubs in Vegas, I would think customer service would be used as a competitive advantage and always thought highly if Wynn. Unfortunately, I no longer feel that way and will never return to your hotel. We had fun inside  (which are what most of these reviews are based on - fair enough) but I'm pretty big on supporting businesses that hire good/respectable and classy people. Tryst is not in that business.Also, I'm glad I'm not the only one that feels this way about the doormen, to quote a review below"Someone should remind the doormen at this club that they are DOORmen at a LAS VEGAS club that lost its steam a while ago. The doormen are pretentious, rude, and think they are too important to make human contact with you (why these people think they are cool.... I have no idea...) Come to LA you assholes and see how a nice club is really run."
4	I went here with a group of girls for a bachelorette party on a Saturday night in November and it was so much fun!!Since there were 8 of us girls, we had no problems getting in for free.  There wasn't actually a line when we got there (around 11:30pm) although I do think there was a cover charge since Lil John was DJing!  We had no idea until we got there that he would be there, but it was really cool that he was.Shortly after arriving we ran into a "promoter" who asked us if we wanted to go hang out with some boys at a table, of course we said yes to free booze.  It was way fun!!  Later in the night the girl told us that she wasn't actually a promoter and was just getting girls to hang out with the boys to score free drinks which I thought was pretty weird, but hey, if it works why not I guess?  Not sure how often things like this might happen there...The atmosphere there is also really fun.  As others have mentioned the waterfall is such a great backdrop for the club.  It's nice to look at while out on the dance floor.One of the coolest perks is that each of the tables had their own security guard.  When I needed to go to the bathroom, I'd just tell the security guy and he'd walk me to a special restroom for people with tables that had no line.  It was awesome.They lost a star cause around 3am I was out on the dance floor, holding a beer in my hand, and I spilled some of it on the guy I was dancing with.  Yes I was a little drunk. but they kicked me out!  And I didn't deserve it.  So, they lost a star. :)
5	Gorgeous were my first thoughts when I came in! I got in via GL and even had 2 free drink tickets (value up to $15)! We wasted no time in line and were quick to walk down the stairs into the red wonder. The first thing that caught our attention? The waterfall with the "Tryst" projection, right behind the DJ booth. Amazing! Tryst is extremely aesthetically pleasing.  They have outdoor areas that for some reason we didn't even venture to (I actually don't know if all the outdoor areas are for bottle service or if regular club goers can enjoy a breath of fresh air as well). From what I remember, this place was not as hot or smoke heavy because there was so much air flowing into the venue, which is an extremely smart thing. Tryst has a large venue space - their dance floor was packed, but you had no problem getting the bar tender's attention, and even standing by the bar without being pushed. Drink prices seem to be more reasonable, in comparison to Haze for example....AMFs are less than $15. Oh, and they give you free water! Already a plus in itself. Music was good...I felt that it was more top-40 based, or maybe that's just me. Plus side - you'll be in a very nice hotel!Come here if you get a chance to!
4	The first club I went to in Vegas - and the first club I'd ever gone to PERIOD! For starters, the waterfall is gorgeous. I love how the dance floor never feels intensely hot or anything because of the waterfall/sky that is just by the DJ. The drinks are not that good. I had an AMF (I try them at almost every club I go to hahaha) and it was probably the worst and most separated one I'd ever had. This also seems like a place for bachelorette parties or something ... the night that I was there, there were so many girls with 'bride' crowns or sashes hahaha. This also means that the crowd here is on the older side, so I guess it was slightly weird for my group since we'd all just turned 21. The dance space is pretty small compared to places like XS and Marquee, which is both good and bad, depending on what you're looking for. I would say the dance floor might even be only 1/3 as big as that of XS's. The music is okay, pretty much just top 40 the most time. How well the remixes sound probably depends on the DJ, and I think the one we had that night was only mediocre.
2	First & last time. I'd rather spend my time at the other clubs (surrender & XS)  located in the same casino (Wynn & encore)Bar: Immediately when me and my girlfriends walked in we went straight to business. The bar, although it wasn't packed we quickly found out why. The bar smelled like feet. It was just all gross, I didn't even want to breathe. But our promoter got us two rounds of comped drinks which made it easier to stay but once we got our drinks we dipped out to the dance floor. I went CES weekend and you would think this place would be packed but it wasn'tMusic: I went during CES week there were not head liners and I don't think they ever book any head liners. This club had a DJ that played top 40 and he was mediocre because his transitions sucked, I even heard him loop two songs with vocals overlapping each other. Not good bro People: Like I said I went CES weekend so the crowd was super mixed, just people who went to Vegas and found the first & walked into it kind of people. Customer Service: Other than the front door guy who comped us two rounds of free drinks this place was alright. The bouncers weren't as tense as the bouncers at surrender and xs which is also located in the same casinos Encore and Wynn.
3	This place is okay. It's a sexy club with red interior and a couple of stripper poles. My favorite part is the huge waterfall outside. It's beautiful and makes a great back drop for taking pictures. When I went the male bartender was painfully slow and seemed to have an attitude. The women bartenders were great. They play a mix of top 40 and house music and there's a big open dance floor for the size of the club. This club is much smaller than XS and Surrender and the crowd was just average. I would come here again if friends wanted to go but XS is still my favorite.
2	Let me just say that ever since I attended the grand opening of XS in 2009, Tryst has been a thing of the past.  I recently came back here again for a friend's birthday during CES week (which equated to SUPER crowded, but with old geeks in suits).  The line extends all weird ways into the hotel public areas and lobby.  Someone actually has to keep people that are standing in line from blocking the hotel check-in entry way.The entrance reeks of puke.  The back bar smells like sewage.Conclusion:  XS is the best thing that has happened to the Wynn properties.
1	All the clubs at encore & wynn are beautiful.......but that's about it, the poor customer service , attitude of the employees that work there is outrageous. I'm surprised they allow them to run the place in this manner treating guests the way the do. They have treated my friends and I completely unprofessional in multiple occassions. They act like the place it's the big deal, when you go inside it smells and the music is terrible!  Doormen are completely incompetent and totally lazy. I avoid all these clubs at all cost, they  will put a sour note on your night, will much rather go to tao, marquee or blue martini anytime.
4	Pretty decor, amazing hotel, lighting and entertainment inside is amazing, and DJ on point. Loved this club. Great for Bachelorette parties (if you work with a promoter, your group can cut the line) and packed with people who want to have a good time.
3	Attended Tryst on a Friday night in January. To sum up tryst in one word: average. Staff* was average, music was average, drinks, room, crowd: all average. Tryst has potential to be a great nightclub; it has a pretty cool space and plenty of room, unfortunately it's not being used properly.The dance floor is far too small. The night I came the dance floor and surrounding tables were packed, but the rest of the club was deserted. The outdoors area was literally empty. The club has too many VIP tables, most of which would be a waste of money as they are located very far away from the dance floor. The bar placement is decent, two bars located on the same wall, but an outdoor bar would be nice (there might be one that was closed on the night I attended). Bathrooms are well laid out and have plenty of room.Music was an odd but decent mix of top 40, electronic and some hip-hop. Sound system was pretty good. No real complaints on the music; once again: average.* There was a lady handling the line that physically pushed one of our guests, without warning, for being on the wrong side of the rope. Really uncalled for.
4	My clubbing days are pretty much history, so for fun, us gals went "out" to a place we had enjoyed in our heyday before husbands and kids came into the picture.It was just as much fun now as it was then, except now we can afford bottle service! But we didn't have to splurge for bottle service. We simply sat down outside and never got kicked out of our couch/table area. It was great. We could have real conversations without shouting and could sit down and enjoy our cocktails instead of get bumped around on the dance floor or hang out near the bar. The waterfall and unique indoor/outdoor atmosphere do not disappoint! We also found the staff to be incredibly accomodating, especially Jessica at the front desk.
4	I agree with the reviews saying Tryst isn't as big, bold, and beautiful as XS, but it's still pretty impressive for a club. My three girlfriends and I got in with two free drinks each thanks to a promoter, and we had a great time. The DJ playing that night was awesome -- the music was a good mix of top 40s/hip hop/house, which is pretty much exactly what I want when I go out. The waterfall is gorgeous, and the gogo dancers on the platforms flanking the stage were a nice touch. Dance floor is kinda small, but it wasn't too packed when we got there around 11:30 pm. I'd say 2/3 of the club is occupied by tables, but luckily we met guys who had bottle service and got to sit down with them for varying lengths of time throughout the night. The crowd overall is pretty chill -- a little older than XS, but probably wealthier too.Also, I just want to point out that the women's bathrooms are awesome -- they look like the bathrooms from Harry Potter, except significantly brighter and more sparkly.
3	My girls and I came here because we needed a stamp in order to go to XS to see Afrojack perform. This club was packed also just like XS. The bars were hella packed. It took forever to get to the front. We tried both of the bars that they had open. going back and forth because it seemed like none of them were moving. The bartenders seemed to be working slow. She kept running out of things and then didn't know where the extras were, but then again there was a lot  of pressure on her.As I was walking, a guy walked past and part of my dress got caught on his button and he kept walking causing my dress to rip :( and this guy had the nerve to just walk away. no sorry no nothing. asshole! I knew I should have just wore a cheap dress from forever 21.Lil Jon was performing here, but we didn't see him. We left in order to get into XS to see Afrojack.
4	The only reason I give it four stars is because it's a little small and the dance floor as a result could be quite stuffed. When you enter this place, the first view of the waterfall is just and awesome "wow" factor that gives you the feeling you've come to something good! Their service is top-class and the music is great for dancing! The servers are very friendly and cooperative. I've been to this place twice in 2 weeks and I live in San Jose...what does that tell ya?PS: There's a special from a promoter that'll get you bottle service with 2 bottles (grey goose vodka and moet champagne) for $495+tip+tax. Look into this if you're going to go here. It'll save you time from standing in line and will give you a cool table to hang out at (request near the waterfall!) before hitting the dance floor!
5	I'm really digging the new layout, it's like mini-XS. Great music, good looking crowd, and a cute waterfall. One of my fave clubs in Vegas!
2	Maybe it's because my friends and I were there earlier in the night, the place was filled with an older crowd, and wasn't full. We came here to get a stamp to get into XS for free which turned out to be a bust, but that's alright. The music was what you get anywhere you go. A mix of top 40 and house. The drinks were watered down but I guess you can't really complain when they're free. The main reason for the low rating is because I could not get over the fact that the entire place smelled DISGUSTING! There is a problem when the bathroom of a place smells better than the actual place.
5	Success! Finally got the chance to enjoy myself here for over an hour (make that about 3 and a half). DJ Spider was spinning that night, so it was a good mix of music along with the EDM that Vegas is known for. Loved the complimentary well drinks for the ladies. Even had a few of the shots that the servers/go-go dancers were carrying around. And I couldn't forget the photo-op of the waterfall. Did I get my dance on? You bet I did! 3rd time really is a charm. Thanks, Tryst! You're still one of my top clubs in Vegas.
4	The only way to enjoy a tryst without fear of aggressive STDs?It's a Thursday night...I'm not really a club type of guy, back home in Seattle I'm all about lounges, bars, and kitchy little places with mason jars for cups and pictures of obscure Films on the walls. But Vegas? Sin City? Viva Lost Wages? I gotta wild out.Tryst was the second spot we hit on our March Madness/Happy Birthday to my little brother trip. All the Electro fist pumping joy of wilding out is evident here. The decor is fantastic, the waterfall adds a classy touch, and the night was overall a good night out. I wish I could have enjoyed it more, being one of the guys in our group that slept for only 4 hours from the night before... it was a rough day.Overall, I'd go again next time I come Vegas side.4 there's-a-sign-that-forbids-lewd-behavior-in-the-bathroom-of-a-club-called-Tryst stars out of 5
4	Absolutely gorgeous.We were handed drink tickets upon entry and the service at the bar was excellent! The bartenders were the sweetest things.We got there early, around 11ish so it was pretty empty which was nice but definitely an older crowd...as in 30+. The ratio was also skewed heavily to the male side and it was quite a grabby bunch. Ughhhh.
5	Holy Moly. The barista makes a mean Toyko Ice Tea. it was really grossly alcoholic but it got the deed done. Plus I used a free drink voucher so no complaints here! Guestlist for girls usually means free drink voucher. Take advantage, girls! BAY AREA MUSIC BLASTING as we were coming in. DJ Derrick Anthony. I was REALLY feeling the music, especially since we squeezed and pushed our way to the front, but it turned house pretty fast. I understand though. House is the crowd pleasing favorite these days. SHRUG. It was good while it lasted. I came to this club after Marquee, and the music at Tryst was infinitely better. Loved the atmosphere of this club. Tryst has a beautiful waterfall and it's very open. Apparently the theme Tryst and XS are going for is..Greek bathhouse from what I heard. Not sure if I get that, but it's open and less stuffy than other clubs for sure.Some pretty fun times at this club. Once my guy friend got punched by a stranger. Oddities. Definitely would come back because music really makes a difference and this club plays better music than most. In my opinion anyways. Gets pretty crowded, but it's not mosh-pit unmanageable. You have room to "tyrst" and turn. :)
1	A) The entire place smelled of VOMIT. I am not exaggerating in ANY way, shape or form.  I immediatley smelled it as soon as I stepped foot into the club area. It was absolutley unbearable. All 6 people in my group agreed.  I just can't have a good time when it smells terrible and strong. barf.B)The music was WAY too loud. I witnessed more than 5 different people holding their ears.... and its just a buzzkill when  you can hear a word your friends are sayingC)The bartender was the biggest jerk Ive ever encountered behind the bar.  He purposely skipped me and served other people for more than 45 minutes.... It may have been because he saw me holding a free drink ticket... but he also should have noticed his tip in my other hand. Such an a**hole.....I went two years ago and it was completley different.  I'm always one to give second chances, but NO WAY. Im done with you, Tryst. FOREVER.
4	Great club at the Wynn/Encore. This club reminds me of xs because of the bathroom, decor and layout. Great crowd, not too over packed. Great music and atmosphere.
1	Went in with a group that paid for bottle service, I am the lone black dude in our crew, @ about 4 I went back to our table which was vacant @ the time (most of the crew had left). Manager comes up and tells me the table is reserved and proceeds to kick me out for sitting @ my table!I'm a 15 year clubbing veteran and this was the first time I'd ever been kicked out.First time for everything I guess...:(
4	I came here on a night out with my gf.Cover is $30.The drinks were overpriced Lady bartenders do not make stiff drinks**The only saving grace is the DJ. He/she was awesome. The DJ really plays to the crowd (as opposed to playing obscure house songs!). Overall, I recommend checking out this spot if you're out in Vegas. (It's alll the way by Wynn and Encore).
4	I went to Tryst two weekends ago with two of my other girlfriends.  We had a great time here especially since XS was just within walking distance.I reached a promoter, DREW, who hooked us up with the VIP guest list, line pass, complimentary drink passes, and free entry before 12:30.  He also hooked us up with getting into XS around 1:30 by getting our hand stamped where we entered for Tryst. THANK YOU DREW!  We got there around 11, and the crowd was already pretty packed.  The waterfall with the digital projection of TRYST is definitely awesome to look at.  I'm a fan of dancing to Top40 music so I was pretty excited to dance with the crowd.   We left around 1 to get our hand stamped to enter XS, which is only about a 10 minute walk within the same building.  Overall a fun night and I'd definitely recommend Drew and Tryst!
5	So fun every time. I'm not cool but my friends are, so we've always gotten in right away and drink tickets for the ladies. Which we've never had to use HA there are some very generous/naive (or both) men here but I guess it's the same as any club.
2	If you've been to XS, you'll most likely be unimpressed with it's smaller sister club, Tryst, on the other side of the Wynn/Encore complex.  The guestlist here is very hit and miss, and it is the only club in Vegas that I've never been able to get comped entry, and frankly a $30 cover (for guys) is way more than I want to pay to get into what is really a second-tier Vegas club.  This is a smaller, more cramped version of XS, with a similar layout that opened up to a small pool/pond that sit on the back side of the Wynn's strip-side waterfall.  The atmosphere here is a bit darker than at XS, and the location downstairs from the main casino floor makes you feel a bit more secluded than most of the other clubs in town.  The music here is hit-and-miss, but I generally find that their resident DJs are uninspired, un-energetic, and spin the same top-40 garbage you've heard a million times already.  Tryst does host some big name DJ/producers, but frankly Tryst is too small to handle them.The big positive of Tryst is that the staff (security, waitresses, bartenders, etc) here are great, and probably the friendliest that I've come across.  It's all too common to be treated like you're an inconvenience, rather than a paying customer, at most Vegas clubs, but at Tryst you actually do feel like you're a guest and generally treated as such.The bottom line: if you don't care about the music, then Tryst is a perfectly suitable cheaper and less-crowded alternative to XS - if you're looking for house music and high end production from big name DJs, you'll be much happier at XS or Surrender.
5	The Dj was killing it that night we came. There was a great mix of hip hop and house. It was a good balance of both and we never stopped dancing no matter how bad our feet hurt. We stayed till almost 4am. It was the best night.Drinks are expensive so pregame before you come. Inside can get really hot what with all the sweaty sexy people dancing everywhere, so their outdoor patio area with waterfall is a nice place to chill and cool off. One of my favorite Vegas clubs to go to and it should be one of yours too.
5	Hands down, my favorite club in Vegas! The ambiance is great and the music is always on point! If you like XS - Tryst is just a smaller version of XS.Daniel from Tryst always takes care of my group when we visit Vegas.
2	Man, I just could not get into it here.It was a Thursday and XS, THE-club-to-be-in in Vegas, was not open that night. It was a coin-toss between XS's little sister club, Surrender, or the Wynn's Tryst next door...and in the end, Tryst's waterfall decor won us over. Yelp reviews spoke highly of this place, so we thought we were in for a good time.Got to the Wynn early, waited in line for about 15mins, cover was $30 for my boyfriend and $20 for me, and we were in by 10:30. I definitely recommend coming early because 1) you get first dibs at the bar, and 2) the line was craaaay when we left an hour later. First off, pictures just don't do this place justice. Dark, rouge, seedy, and sexy inside, but the pool and waterfall out back balance it out with a cool, open feel. It's definitely a good-looking club, but for me, that's as good as it gets. Between the 3-4 bars and booths galore (all reserved btw), it gets cramped as hell in here. Without bottle service, there is virtually no place to sit, kick off your pumps, and take a breather, so tough luck ladies. I would've dipped my aching feet into the pool, but it was surrounded by reserved tables - like some frickin red tape. My biggest gripe was the music, which was like 98% house and 2% remixes of songs from, like, 2 years ago (think Enrique Iglesias' "I Like It") .The beats were admittedly catchy, so it's good if you're into that type of thing. But for a Top 40s gal who finds it easier to get down to songs she can sing to, I quickly found myself bored and standing still in the middle of the floor. Surrounded by douchebags jumping around and Charlie-Browning the hell out of everything and bumping into everyone. And virtually NO alcohol in my $15 drink.Bigger buzz kill than Buzz McKillington.
4	Awesome club in Vegas!!! Enjoyed it so much that I went there twice during my trip  so clearly that speaks volumes! The first night I went was on a Thursday and when we walked up to the club, there was a ridiculous line already out there and it was only 11:30pm. I'm from Miami so 11:30 is the prime time to get to the club before it gets too packed. Obviously, that's not the case in Vegas! Either way, me and my friend were on a guest list so we got in for free. The process for the guest list was very easy (suprisingly)! Compared to Miami, it was a walk in the park! I think the reason why it works so well is because there are 3-4 ppl with the guest list instead of one lously person at the door. This is a much more efficient process. Got into the club and it was packed!!! There's a waterfall behind the DJ booth and it just sets the tone for the entire night. There was a great mix of music. You got Hip-Hop, R&B, Techno, Pop, & Rock! Loved it! Unlike other clubs in Vegas (like XS), they played music other than Techno. After an hour of Techno, I'm ready to slit my wrists and poor bleach onto the wounds!!! When we went there on Saturday night, Jermaine Dupri was the guest DJ so he played more hip-hop, R&B, and some popular tecno/pop music! Either way, the man can spin! Never knew he was a DJ like that but now, I'm sold!Getting a drink at the bar was little challenging being that it was so packed but once you got to the bartenders, they were pretty quick. As a fellow bartender, I was amazed to see this girl make 8-10 drinks at once and they were all for different people. Very impressive! Drinks weren't too expensive either. It was actually cheaper than some clubs in Miami which was shocking. I once paid $19 for a Ciroc and cranberry juice. After that I vowed to always get buzzed BEFORE the club!!! That wasn't the case for Tryst though. The drinks were made very well and premium vodka was $15-16. Overall, I loved the mood and setting of the club. Beautiful people, great music and an amazing setting makes Tryst a must-see club on your trip to Vegas! Feel free to fist pump until your arm falls off...
2	This place was not good.  Definitely not the place to be scene.  Not a good looking crowd.
2	Tryst was not what I expected it to be. This club gets overcrowded and there is just no space to dance at all. I have experienced crowded clubs before, but this is by far the worst. I give it two stars because of the music and of course Lil' Jon knows how to get a party started. I know it's a Saturday but I choose Tao over this club. The restroom lines were super long and I just wasn't feeling it that night.
5	When you're in Vegas make a special trip to The Wynn and check out Tryst. This place is bomb.com upscale but so beautiful! VIP is mouth dropping! The dancers and bartenders were super nice! They walk around with the shots you can purchase..when ever I go back to Vegas this will be 1st on my spots to go back to! Great music mixed crowed and friendly drunks!! Lol
5	Been here twice and as far as Vegas clubs go, this club is banging! (did i just age myself with my slang terminology?)Although it's Vegas the line moves fairly quickly. Big upside is the size of the club, plus the addition of a pole ;)I'm not much of a club freak, but I was definitely impressed by this place. I really think it's the waterfall that does it. It adds an air of... sophistication? I don't know what it is, but it really does make it feel special. Of course, as with any Vegas club it's crowded, it's hot, dance floor space can be non existent, and drinks are pricey. But if you can't handle all that than partying in a club in Vegas is probably not your thing.
4	Totally dig the waterfall backdrop and the DJ spinning on top where you can see him - good music, but the place is so massive & too crowded.  It just feel a bit suffocating to me.  However, all that is a turn off for me might as well be what you're seeking for in your clubbing experience, so definitely come if you haven't been there before, just to test the water out.
4	This place has really held up against the hype of new club openings in Vegas and it still remains one of my top favorites. Definitely my favorite place for bottle service. The interior is gorgeous and classic, and Tryst seems to consistently attract a more upscale crowd.
4	This club is alright.  I've been to many clubs in NYC and this was my 1st in Vegas, so I can only compare to what's in NYC.  The dance floor is quite small given the amount of people in the club.Drinks are expensive as expected.  $16 for a Long Island Ice Tea but at least it wasn't watered down.The young club dancers are all hot and sexy :)Tip:  If you're staying at the Encore or Wynn, be sure to bring your room card.  You can bypass the line most of the time if the boss in charge there is cool.
3	I usually went to Tryst Thursday nights (before Marquee opened) since I saved Fridays and Saturdays for XS, etc. As everyone says, Tryst is beautiful for its 90-foot tall waterfall. It's a smaller dancefloor compared to XS, and maybe comparable to Surrender's. Music is usually hip hop. So if that's your jam, go for it. For EDM heads (house/electronic dance), head over to XS or Surrender. Drinks are overpriced, no surprise. Pre-party in line/cab or be ready to spend $$$.Crowd is a little older (late 20's to even 40's). I've seen some oldies on the dance floor before, which should have made me feel uncomfortable but I was probably too intoxicated to care. It's usually pretty diverse as well. Whereas XS is impacted with tons of Asians. Depends on your taste, I suppose.
1	My friends came here last year to grab free dranks and bounced. So we decided to come here again on a Thursday night. Bad choice! Some promoter hooked it up with $40 guys and free for girls (ugh). The bouncer was a douche! Black dude who just gave me an attitude the whole night. Srsly even marquee bouncers have more respect than you. It was crowded and packed and smelt like vomit inside (yes the other reviews are indeed true).The music sucked... house and rap and random top 40s... switching back and forth. So 3 of us decided to buy some beers. I, the girl, was disrespected majorly by barista/bartender, Aleesha. Total bitch! Serving everybody else (all dudes to my sides) ahead of me even though I was there first. She held my card and id as hostage and it took me half an hour to get it back. She kept yelling at me telling me to wait. Seriously, serving others first who got here after me first? Intentional and rude on her part. Honestly, I did what the other dudes did, tried to get her attention and said excuse me, please...  Instead she barked at me saying "don't you see others waiting, etc". Whatever... paid and left. No tip (and I tip very generous since I am a working woman like those men were, fucken bitch). Probably just wanted to flirt with dudes for tips. Pretty sad and degrading on her part...  Only good thing about this club was the waterfall behind the dj, it was pretty nice. All my friends didn't enjoy this club. No space to walk, let alone sit. It smells. Floors are sticky. Douchebag bouncer and bartender. Oh wells, last time we will be here.
1	I have never been treated worse at a club in my life. The bouncers inside the club were so incredibly offensive that I left at 12:15.
4	A must see....very very pretty and relaxing......good crowd,music and fancy place to beThe only downsides are that A) it gets too packed B) The drinks are $$$$$
4	Ok, I'm really torn with this review and let me see if I can put it into words.  From my understanding, Tao, Haze and Tryst are the hottest clubs for the Thursday nights, since I've been to Tao, I thought lets give Tryst a try.  First off, the table service was excellent.  Our server Pamela and Warren, were awesome, never had to look for them, was always there.  Never had to pour or mix our own drinks, never had dirty glasses laying around, fresh ice all the time, it was awesome.  I do like the layout of the club, and our table was inside just outside of the main dance floor.  Table security was no where to be found, so I guess that can't be commented on.  The music, wasn't that great.  The DJ had no flow, and I just couldn't get into it.  The scene wasn't my thing either, I wouldn't come back, but that's me.  The place is due for a remodel and I guess I'll see then.  I'm giving this place a 4 star because of service only, if it wasn't for the service, I would rate it a one star from my time there.  Like all Vegas clubs, it will be crowded and hard to walk around.  If you're like me, long as the music and service is where you want it to be, you can deal with crowds and other little things.
4	I had a blast here!  Mind you, it was a bachelorette party and we had been drinking...ALL DAY LONG!  We got on a list somehow, so no waiting in line for us.  Walked down the stairs into a  dark, room, lots of red couches, lighting, everything red, then you finally get to the dance floor and there is this amazing waterfall.  Very nice backdrop for pictures and the dj.  Drinks were expensive and kinda weak, which was expected.  The shots that the waitresses walk around with are very sweet and seemed like they had zero alcohol.  But like I said, we had a blast, dancing our butts off and enjoyed every minute of it.
4	We came here on a Friday for my birthday weekend because my group was craving for a club that played hip hop and Tryst was recommended by my very trust worthy promoter. The atmosphere was amazing! There is a water fall right in the center where the DJ was posted and the bar is right next to the entrance. The lighting and the scenery was amazing and a great place to take pictures if you're still sober!I didn't pay for any of my drinks, so I wouldn't know how much it cost, but the guys I was with bought at least 5 rounds for 7 people in under an hour so I don't think the shots/drinks cost as much as other clubs. Like most places, I think the quality of the drinks all depend on the bartender, because the bar tender we kept getting hooked us up pretty good.Cover: I think it all depends on who your promoter is. I've been reading on a  lot of people's review and some complained about the price. It's always going to cost more if you're not on anyone's guest list, so I would recommend finding a good promoter even if you are a female because not only can they always get you in for free but sometimes they can even get you free drinks too!Downside, it gets super packed to the point that everyone is all up on each other. The dance floor is tiny compared to most clubs and the table and VIP areas are crowed with other people because there is no room on the dance floor.All in all, we were all pretty happy with Tyrst. We came there for HipHop and we got it.Only tip would be, if your group has more guys than ladies, then just go for bottle service. You'll skip the line, it's a lot cheaper and you get a bottle!
2	Wow!!!! There was nooooo room to walk from one side to the other...each step was a battle! Beautiful place though!!! Music wasn't bad but there should be a limit to how many ppl are allowed in. Bought a drink and someone knocked it over on the bar right when the bar tender gave it and she refused to refill it! Not cool :/
4	We got a nice hookup for bottle service on a Friday night mid June. Club opened at 10:30pm and we were escorted to our tableWe were on the upper level, not near the dance floor but had plenty of room to dance around the table. This was my second time getting a table at a club so I know how it goes. Bouncer was super nice and looked after our stuff, there was no place to put our things so we stuck it in a corner. The waitress' job is to serve our drinks and check on us every 10-15 min. We ended up pouring our own drinks every time, I feel she didn't come by because it was five girls no guys. The club itself looked a lot like xs but behind the dj is a huge waterfall and trees so he's technically outside. That was the best part and the music was off the hook!! It was a great mix throughout the entire night. Don't know about the waitresses but If you can't get into XS try Tryst...very cool and totally worth it.
4	Just went to Vegas for a bachelor party and, as the veteran of many Vegas clubs (at least amongst my friends on this trip), I was tasked with finding the dope spot for our we-be-clubbin', bottle service night.  Obviously there are tons of options in Vegas and I was tempted to try some of the newer spots like Surrender and Vanity.  I've had great experiences (XS, old ass Pure) and bad ones (Marquee's service is bad).  When it came down to it, I had been to Tryst when it first opened and knew it was, at worst, a beautiful venue.  I ended up working through a VIP host and got a "deal" (hard to call what they charge per bottle a DEAL but...) for a bottle of Goose with a bottle of Moet thrown in for free, for each of our 2 tables on a peak night Saturday.Got there at 10:30pm when Tryst opens so that we could ensure our 2 tables were situated together.  If you can afford VIP hosting, especially for all-guy groups, it's really the only way to do clubs in Vegas.  It was quick entry, zero stress, no fighting for bartender attention all night, a table to chill at.  Just pay that $$ upfront and forget it even existed!Tryst staff didn't fail...they delivered.  May was our table hostess -- her, the busboy, and the area security guy made it a first-class experience.  Security guy (taaaall black dude...Mike?) was super helpful.  Told us at the beginning of the night, if we need anything, or need to move anyone away from our spot, let him know.  The table would always be waiting if we left it.  He was true to his word.Table location can be key and we were sat outside, near the door to the inside tables, against the waterfall water.  I was a bit worried it was too out of the way but it was perfect.  Vegas was 106 degrees that day and somehow Tryst keeps the outdoor air as cool as a polar bear's toe nails.  Outdoor air conditioning?!? Could very well be.  Overall, it was the perfect blend of people scene, view of the water, night sky, DJ, and the energy of the crowd.Music was hip-hop, EDM, and mash-ups.  No headliner DJ that night but really just a great mix of music all night.  (personal opinion -- house is cool but all night house isn't.)Stayed 'til 4am and even the guys that didn't want to spend cash for bottle service were giving props at the end.  It was an epic party with beautiful people and Tryst made 'em believers!!
4	Although Tryst is Wynn's first nightclub child, the newer XS has taken over as the prettier, more popular sibling. Surrender tried to be just like XS with good effort, but I think XS has them beat in size and popularity. Tryst still gets packed, but getting in is so much easier. A promoter approached my friends and I earlier this day and offered to comp us a free bottle since we had 18 girls. He told us we could stop by Tryst first, then we can head over to XS without any problems. Wait, did he say free alcohol?? Not only is free alcohol a given for girls in Vegas, but also a dream come true. I've been to Tryst a few times, but I can't recall details as much as I'd like to. There is a beautiful waterfall outside, but I don't think Tryst has the same wow factor that XS has when you walk through the door. It's a cool club, but I don't usually stay there too long before moving on to the next place. The dance floor is small from what I can remember and moving around is tough since there are so many people. Overall, a great place to start the night, but I'd move onto bigger and better at the Encore.
1	I would love to give Tryst four or five stars but I can't and here's why:  my gf and I got all dressed up to go to this club and we were all excited because we had a promoter name and were going to get in for free without line and all that other Vegas BS.  So we get to the club and get in right away and guess what?  There were so many people on that Saturday night that we literally couldn't even cross the room.  I have NEVER been to a club as crowded.  We couldn't even get to the bar to get a drink.  We kind of mentally estimated that making it across the room would've take about 10 minutes..another 20-30 minutes before we actually had a drink in hand.  Another ten minutes to work our way to the dance floor through the hordes of sometimes smelly bodies. The worst part is that the MUSIC WAS SO GOOD!!! But we couldn't even get to the dance floor to dance.  We looked at the dance floor and it was so crowded, just like the walkways that we knew it would be impossible to enjoy ourselves.  This club would be fantastic if the owners weren't so damn greedy that they have to overpack the club and make it miserable for people to have a good time. I would never go back...waste of time.
2	Beautiful club, great DJ's, awful management, always packed, no room to dance or move, expensive cover charge and drinks, I have been there twice, will not be going there again.
4	I was here with a bunch of girls for our friend's bachelorette party. We got on a guest list, so we got in quickly. Drinks are $12 (Vegas prices, naturally). Which meant I nursed my pineapple-and-rum cocktail like it was going out of style. The music was great, a mix of house and dance, with some R&B mixed in. I'm the kind of girl who likes to sing along when a good song comes on, so to have the songs change after a verse and a half was a bit jarring. But no matter. Once it gets packed, though, be prepared for the inevitable jabbing and pushing from human chains, newly formed humping duos, and the like. (I find that a well-placed elbow jab will usually deter the latter. Ha!) My friends made sure to grab some male booty here and there - lots of cute guys, to be sure!
4	Second visit here on a Friday night, May 11, 2012.We got a sweet corner table by the door which afforded some pull of foot traffic, and a more private space that wasn't in the clusterfuck that was the dancefloor.  The first visit, we got a table out on the patio, which was very quiet, and a great place to just chat it up.  However, you have to be a bit more active pulling girls since you don't get as many passer-bys with many of the tables outside.XS is the other club, located in Encore.  It's bigger, and has a huge patio, and usually a world-class DJ spinning.  It also has a monster of a line, and prices are in line with a top club.  I do think there are cuter girls (or maybe just more of them since it does have a higher capacity) at XS, but Tryst has treated me well too.  The club still gets packed, and, girls, you really need to be careful about people stomping on your toes on that tiny dancefloor.  If you're cute, just slowly walk around the club until some dude offers you a drink at your table (don't forget to let him know you have friends with you though!).Dudes, if you can scrounge enough extra change for a bottle, I am a big proponent.  You beat the lines, and you get a space to yourselves.  Cost?  There was no major headlining DJ, so we lucked out with a 1-bottle minimum.  You're looking at 4-500, not including gratuity.
4	I've been here a few times and enjoyed the overall experience.  It's not really my scene but after a drink or five none of that really matters anymore.  It's one of the better flashy dance clubs on the Strip. Generally I roll up here with a bunch of guys so bottle service is kind of a must in order to compensate for the Dudefest.  If you've never paid for it before you will probably be surprised by the cost but it ends up being worth it when you consider the time you don't have to wait, the booze and the booth.  Whether you choose to wait or pay-to-skip this is going to be a pricey evening so clubbers on a budget might want to keep walking on down the Strip.Once you get in the club has a great sound system, fresh aesthetics and a classy clientele - even if you end up being a wallflower the whole night you'll probably still enjoy the overall vibe of the place.  I hear XS is better but I haven't been yet!
4	Such a beautiful club! Bottle service is a must here especially because it's always packed on the dance floor! Our party had bottle service outside near the waterfall. It was gorgeous! Music: the majority of it was house/techno. With some hip hop mixed in. Although I do love house music , I can't dance to it all night long . I was craving for some more  hip hop.Our waitress here was somewhat attentive. She mixed our drinks a couple times , and I found her gone for the rest of the night . The people in this club vary. I saw many different ethnicities & ages! Ages as young as me (21) to some real OGs (60-65) in a private booth sipping on Jose Cuervo on the rocks! I had a fantastic time! I just wished the bathrooms were more accessible! And more stalls please! Bitchy drunk girls + alcohol + long wait times to pee = fights in the bathroom. (this is from seeing girls argue about who's turn it is)
5	This is by far the best club Ive ever been to. I loved the music, the atmosphere, being able to cut the line (tee hee. its awesome being a girl in vegas), and how chill it is. I've been to TAO and it gets really gross because everyone wants to go to the hip hop room and there's more people than space available so... yeah. but TAO DOES have the coolest bathrooms.... for ladies, at least.XS is gorgeous. Its the most beautiful club I've ever laid my eyes on, but when I went... i went to watch deadmau5 perform and I'm not all that into house music so I didn't enjoy myself to the fullest Marquee is all house music (so I've heard) and when I went... i don't really remember much so I can't report anything... -_______-"Drais is open until 9 am. Its aiight. Its great if you want to screw up your sleeping schedule.but damn... I can honestly say that out of all the times I've been to Vegas... Tryst was where I had the most fun.
4	gorgeous gorgeous nightclub located in the Wynn hotel .... be sure to get on the guest list --be prepared to pay lots of cash for drinks...  like all clubs in Vegas -- the music --- started off very top 40 ish -- then became more progressive House...I think....nights in Vegas are sort of a blur... you know!  at the end of the day -- as far as music and crowd.... all clubs in Vegas are somewhat the same...I did enjoy  Tao, XS and Marquee  -- a tad bit better than Tryst... for a complete Vegas club experience -- be sure to visit at least one or all of the above!
4	Douchebags, ugly chicks, disneyland lines, douchebags, ugly chicks, disneyland lines, slam piece, douchebag with tattoos, ugly chicks, disneyland lines, finally at the bar, overpriced drinks, ugly chicks, disneyland lines....Pretty much the same situation at every club in Vegas though. Obv bottle service is always the call. I'm going to give Tryst a little more  props though because I liked the waterfall pool thing in the back. I reaaaaaally wanted to jump in it, but otherwise this Asian fucking hates clubs. Shitty music. Shitty drinks. Can't even talk to anybody without some dude rubbin' his groin on your ass while he's trying to get through. No homo. But nothing against Tryst just because I suck at clubbing. This place was nice. I'd come back if we had bottle service.
4	Want some place that's chill, not too overcrowded, a great mix of music, and pretty cheap (for guys) to get in? TRYST IS THE PLACE TO GO!I've always had a good time here, and the music here is FANTASTIC! VENUE: Nice and spacious and beautiful!! I mean what other club has a fricken WATERFALL right behind the dj??? That's right, only tryst. It's beautiful. I still remember walking in here for the first time and thinking..."WOW...It's so....BEAUTIFUL!!!" That was my exact train of thought. No joke. Dancefloor wise: HUGE AND SPACIOUS! exactly what any girl needs when your favorite song comes on and it will come on because the dj's here are amazing! MUSIC: like I mentioned before. AMAZING!! Don't get me wrong, I love house music, but it's nice to hear it mixed up sometimes with your favorite hip-hop music and that's exactly what they do here. It's a great mix of music and definitely one of my favorite clubs to come to. So, general consensus...GOOD TIMES. Oh, and if you're a girl and want to get into XS, wait until midnight, go outside the club, wait in line (or no line if you're early), get a stamp and walk over to xs and you can get in for free :) guys....you can get the stamp, BUT...you still have to pay...Sorry!
3	I was trying to get my promoter friend to get me and 5 other ppl into XS. I was told I had to go to Tryst first before getting a stamp to get into XS. I had to be at Tryst before 12:30am and I can get into XS at 1:30am. I figured why not, it's only an hour we have to kill. I wasn't very impressed with Tryst. I think the venue is quite small. I guess it's an older club. Everywhere you go it was packed. The dance floor? Forget about it. The patio was a joke. I didn't like the layout at all. I'm so glad I only had to spend an hour here. XS is so much better! But I guess it was worth it in the end, cuz we all got into XS in the end.
1	I dont know why i even bothered goin to this club again and wasted $20! Told myself that i would never come here but I thought it would be different kuz Jermaine Dupri was spose to DJ. Well it was like 1230am and still no sign of JD... i had to leave! I cant stand all that crappy music that they play! that $h!t really gives me a headache! It kills my buzz! they played like only 2 good hip hop songs and tha rest of it was BS! Also, there's no where to stand or sit unless u getta loan so u can get a table! the dance floor is too crowded so im not tryna get my toes stepped on and everywhere u try to stand, them damn swoll @ss bouncers be telln u to move. NEVER AGAIN! FOR REAL THIS TIME!
3	Okay, not my favorite club in Vegas but I love the waterfall outside!!! This place is kinda cool because it's smaller and more intimate but I go to Vegas for the big DJs and they don't seem to stop by here very much. Definitely preferred XS and Marquee to this place but still had a great time.
3	Oh Tryst, you were such a disappointment this weekend!! WHAT HAPPENED?!?Came here this past labor day weekend for DEADMAU5 and I was so disappointed!!! MUSIC: the dj was alright...played some good songs. Deadmau5....I didn't even make it to see him becuase I left to go see Steve Angello...though I heard he didn't even wear his hat....CROWD: now THIS was the BIG DISAPPOINTMENT! The crowd was really old, not very dance-y, and overall sort of boring. There weren't a lot of people actually dancing on the dancefloor and I guess it just wasn't my scene...this totally killed the mood BOUNCERS: not great, not extremely bad. Just a little mean this weekend...maybe they were grouchy because there were so many people there this weekend, but it definitely wasn't the best service I've had. Overall, big disappointment this weekend. I'm so glad my friend had an extra ticket for me at XS.
1	Hah this place was the worst. There was alot of texts with someone named Keith, 4 or 5 lines to stand in,  and 2 stamps  just to get us in. And what greeted us?  A complete clusterfuck of douches and douchettes, nowhere to STAND (seriously, they will push you along like cattle if you stand anywhere too long) let alone dance or sit.  I have no idea why Keith has a job, this place needs no more promotion, PLENTY of people are hip to this atrocious scene. You know the Rihanna song "We Found Love"...I heard that song while we were there and I was like "this must be the hopeless place!" Granted, even if it hadn't been so unbelievably fire-code-violatingly crowded it would still not have been my kind of place.  The waterfall was pretty, I guess.
3	I am actually at a 3.5 rating for this club. It was actually pretty nice! The only reason why I can't bring myself to give a 4 is because there was no where to sit when my feet were killing me! I ended up sitting on the sides which was recommended by one of the bartenders when I asked if there was anywhere to sit (thanks btw). Another thing that was a drag was the second dj of the night. The first dj was mixing up different styles and I was really into it. I was there pretty early for Vegas standards (10pm) and ended up leaving by 12:30-1:00 because the second dj was killing my buzz. However, if you have the money and a group of friends willing to pitch in- get a booth!! The tables are lame, but at least you have chairs for the ladies wearing death heels. The club itself is really pretty and the outside is refreshing.Pricing: Ladies are free, and men are $20 on a guest list. No guest list will be about $30 for men, not sure for the ladies. So try to get on the promoters list. You will also be able to skip the line.I had a good time overall, but just wished the music was better. I may have caught an off night...
5	Memories memories memoriesI have so much fond memories here.  The club is swanky and is really good with treating the girls =).  My favorite thing... playing on the pole.  Mental pictures, no cameras please =)
4	A nice small and intimate club to get the night started.  I like that this club isn't quite as 'showy' or balls-to-the-wall party as say XS or Marquee.  This definitely feels a little more lounge, but is a nice place to catch up with friends.  The staff is not too pompous, and the service is friendly (might have helped that we had a table).
3	Tryst seems like it would be an ideal club to party at, but everytime I go there I am disappointed. Whether it's too crowded or too many guys there. At it's best it has some of the hottest girls in town there and great D.J.s, but I can't thoroughly enjoy it because of these issues.
4	Short Review:- They have a cool waterfall over a pool which looks nice at night- No real line getting in- Decently sized place but the dance floor isn't that big- The only major flaw of this club is the people...it's always a weird combination of old to young to who the fuck are these people type crowd.  It's usually not very lively, perhaps because of the music they play or just the atmosphere I really can't get a good fix on it.
4	Came to Tryst for a bachelor party with a group of six guys. We reserved a table about a month in advance which I highly recommend for any group of guys that plan on coming here. As with anywhere in Vegas, you need not even go if you're a guy and haven't booked a table. It was a two bottle minimum with bottle prices starting at $425.The venue is pretty sick as there's a huge waterfall in the outside portion of the club that draws you over. The rest of the club is pretty big and the VIP areas are lined around the club. They also had a really good bottle selection.. I almost did a back flip when I saw a bottle of Appleton Estate rum on the list! Waitresses  were top notch in terms of service. Probably the best bottle service ever. Never had an empty drink (or a weak one for that matter). They went above and beyond to make the experience great and even mixed a bunch of on the spot shots that I've never heard of before.Music was good. A good amount of top40 music and a lot of house. I could have done with a little less house, but after a while it doesnt really matter. This place was awesome. Very expensive as is expected at any of the hot spots in Vegas, but well worth it. Definitely a must!
3	The best night club at the Wynn was OK.  1st off, you have to TIP them or you'll be stuck in the long line.  Yeah, it's resulted in bribery.  The atmosphere is very nice with a beautiful Waterfall.  There's outdoor seating to appreciate waterfall, too bad it's over $1k to sit anywhere in the club - Bottle Service.  The dance floor is very small and over crowded.  I don't think they pay attention to the maximum occupancy.  If a Firefighter went in here, they'd close the place down.  2 Drinks for me cost close to $40.  The drink prices are ridiculous.
5	Really like a 4.5/5!Service-Great!Atmo-Great!Crowd-slightly upscale-all ages 20's-30's and a few over that.Bar Service-Pretty quick and not as overpriced as other places on the Strip...Jermaine Dupree resident DJ-Crowd pleaser.The Waterfall is A nice Touch!Get in line early or the wait will be a beast!
4	Vegas clubs are usually over rated to the max and promotes are liars to just get you there and the whole list vip thing is a sham but at Tryst I was not disappointed. I got on the list when I got there i actually was on the list, talked to the promoter who sent me txt messages about the event. Cover is usually 20.00 i got in for free and ladies get 2 free drink tickets, which was nice. this place is spacious the waterfall in the back is nice and theres one stripper pole for dancing. Iv never been to a club that i would come back to but i would do this one again. The crowd is a bit older so that was a bummer may be it will be more lively in the summer time.
4	Awesome club, rolled out here in January on a Thursday expecting it to be pretty dead, but the place was just as packed as a weekend night would be at most places on the strip.Line was kinda long getting in, but me and my group managed to pay a little extra to the door man and skip the line! That night ladies had free admission and guys got in for $20, provided there were girls with them, so there was a decent girl/girl ratio. Music was really on point, great selection of hip-hop, house, and top 40, good amount of people on the dance floor too. I didn't get bottle service here, but definitely wouldn't be against getting it in the future, the tables are spread around the dance floor and there is an awesome section outside next to the pool, so you're getting a pretty decent view no matter where you sit. There's also an awesome indoor waterfall that's worth the price of admission alone.My only real criticism of the place is because one of the bartenders was a total ass to me when I ordered some drinks through him, but had my tab going with another bartender. He made a big deal out of it and was pretty rude about the whole thing. TIP: For guys out there rolling in groups 3-5, bring girls!!! Either try and pick some up on line or do your best meet some during the day and convince them to come to Tryst!
1	Undersized dance floor, rude and pushy crowd, and bouncers who tell you to go back to the end of the line after you waited hours to get there, I think I need a lot more alcohol. Just wish I can blast my way through the crowd to get to their under-served bar...
1	Would give the club high marks if it wasn't for the fact that they let my wife and her 3 friends in right away and myself and 6 of my friends (all well within dress code) were left in the line.  Only when I asked the head "line checker" why my wife was let in and I wasn't was I allowed in the club.  However, they would not allow my friends.  Fast forward 20 minutes when we got a text from down stairs that my friends would only be allowed in if they paid the "line checkers".  One of my friends had $27 dollars in cash and the "checker" said that wasn't enough.  Only when my wife went up stairs with over $40 were 3 of my friends allowed the honor to pay an additional $30 entrance fee.  What made me more angry was the fact that the head "line checker" told my wife she had good "street smarts" on how it works!  After an additional 20 minutes my remaining friends got so angry about everyone around them getting in that they stormed off only to be told it was "cool" and they would be allowed downstairs.  I emailed the head of the resort and got a simple "we will pass it to management" email.  I will be sure to tell the proper authorities of this practice and hopefully they will get caught and punished.
4	I love Tryst. It is a small, initiate venue, with a glorious waterfall view.The music ranges from night to night. The crowds are typical Vegas. I personally don't think Tryst will be around much longer. They are offering free drinks to ladies and then offering free access to XS most nights.Plush seating, beautiful patio, and a tiny little dance floor.Cocktails and bottle prices are on par with the rest of the strip.Great place to dance, drink, and enjoy a night out in Vegas without being overcrowded and without too much douche.
5	I LOVE TRYST! I came here early December 2012. I went to Vegas for a friend's birthday weekend and stumbled into this awesome club! It's a great indoor-outdoor space. The music was great! Drinks were about $15 each. Girls got in free with a big group. Guys were about $45. Which is pretty much how much everywhere else cost. Afterwards, you can get another stamp so you can get free access into XS in the Wynn. They also have a Pole you can dance on. I busted out my pole dancing and had a blast! The club is very packed, so beware. But that's just how Vegas is. There's a great waterfall view behind the DJ. Great club to cut loose and DANCE! I will definitely go back here next time I'm in Vegas!
2	The club is too small for the amount of people they let in on a weekend. There was a DJ (some big black guy) who played as much TOP 40 and 90's Hip Hop as he possibly could. Some people love that bland stuff but I felt I was at an overcrowded wedding reception. I stayed for 2 drinks with my girl and we had had enough of trying to not step on each other's feet and everyone else's. Due to the space, I would never spent more than one hour in this club unless I had a table. I live in Las Vegas so the reason I came was because I was entertaining a lady from out of town so I thought I'd try Tryst out for the first time. The line was actually pretty long but I know some people and got in free so even taking that into the equation it still sucked. Perhaps with a bit more club music (House/Tech-House) and less people, it would be a totally different experience. I would ask who the DJ is that is pressing play on his MAC that night....if it's that big black guy and you really like Tupac and "This is how we do it" by Montell Jordan, go for it! You might have a blast like the other wedding receptions you've been to for your 30+ yr old pals :)
2	Eh, this club was okay. The crowd was kind of trashy that night we went. One girl was hella wasted and took her top off while she was dancing with a random dude. One drunk girl was having too much fun and was dancing with my group; started dancing with me and then grabbed my boobs and ran. Lol. But it was all in good fun. If I had known you could wear sandals and flats( saw a lot of girls wearing them that night), I would have just worn some comfy shoes instead of my painful heels. There were some creepy dudes as well. Some coming up to drunk girls and trying to take advantage and trying to hook up with them. I watched a sensible girl trying to pull her friend out of that situation, while I had a situation of my own fending off a drunk subpar-looking man getting all touchy with me. I mean, the club looks nice interior-wise, but I don't think I'll come back. The atmosphere here is not as nice as I thought it would be, and I paid the cover charge to get in here! I got in for free at XS which is a much better nightclub than this one.
3	Dayum son, this place was literally a FIRE HAZARD!Let me tell you how to get into a club first of all. http://wantickets.com/ Book mark that son! You don't need no stankin' promoter. Ladies you don't have to put out, fellas you don't have to dish out! Well let me rephrase that, you're going to need some type of debit/credit card for this site (my dude Alan Wong gave me that site, ladies he drives a Lexus!). We paid $30 and showed it to the people at Tryst. Didn't even have to wait! Anyway, go to that site, look for the venue (Tryst in this case), pre-pay that shit, charge it to the game (the game charges a lot in APR though), and vwallah! up in that bieeetch like VIP!To start off, we went here on New Year's weekend, so I was expecting it to be packed, but no to the point where if someone fell in the club, they would get stomped to death (didn't happen, but could have!). AFROJACK was playing here so I guess everyone was all hyped and shit when they hear that PEW, PEW music. Come to think of it, it was more like AFROPACKED cuz no one could move. Shit son, the freakin' Samoan bouncer dude was blocking people from entering the dance floor at midnight or so! Little did he know his big ass was taking up 5 spaces himself! I shouldn't be taking it out on the Samoan one in particular cuz the Bouncers didn't do anything but take up space at all...ON this night Tryst should have been called THIRST**, cuz there were some thirsty ass people here, men and women alike. I'm talkin' errybody's throats was hurtin' thirst. Ladies was lookin' right though. Everyone was real receptive this night. Matter of fact, I'll go as far as to say this place had an "STD" Rating of 5 out of 5. It was real +POSITIVE+ up in there. The mood and people alike. How do I know? Cuz when I was on the dance floor, and the hairs on my harm and neck stood up.Let me talk about the club real quick. Right when you walk in, there's a GIGANTIC-ASS waterfall, makes it look all nice. Just don't go chasing waterfalls, TLC told me that. Drinks was hella expensive too. 3 AMF's cost like $55. That had me saying F8CK you Afrojack all night...On some real shitttt, how come everytime they get some famous ass dude in a club, drink prices sky rocket!??? I didn't even get to see Afrojack, dude was performing at the end. I thought it was some young DJ the whole night that was Afrojack until they said, ya'll ready for Afrojack???? Then everybody (especially the white people) went crazy! Matter of fact, I Google Imaged Afrojack and I still don't know wtf he looks like...someone help me!!! I do like this place though, just needed to be less crowded. To me it felt like they just let as many people in as they could.**THIRST = REAL, REAL DESPERATE
4	Great nightclub. Drinks are pricey, as to be expected. I really like the inside-outside atmosphere. Helps to keep the club from being 120degrees. Dj was top notch and the gogo dancers are a nice touch.
4	this is a club i keep returning to when i'm in vegas. if you haven't ever been i say it's worth it just to check out the waterfall. but beware in summer, it can be 90 and humid, not exactly dancing weather. i've seen this place get stupid crowded, like barely able to get to the bathroom. i remember one time on the dance floor getting my shoes all wet cause chicks can't figure out how to finish their drink before dancing. seems like a lot of "international" kind of guests at this club. i've honestly never paid cover or bought my own drink here (thanks to the power of the V) so i have no idea if they're expensive. if you can get on guestlist you can skip the line.
4	Tryst! You are always so fun to go to! I love the waterfall in the back. Good music and nice decor.  It does get hot in the summer since the back doors are open to the waterfall.  This is a favorite spot to visit in Vegas! Fun Nights in Vegas = Tryst! Girls you might be asked to go to the tables.  If so, bring your friends along! =D
2	Went to this place Saturday 1/25/2013 to celebrate a birthday, was on guest list so as a male only paid $20 which was not bad. My first impression of Tryst was this place wast beautiful! That trademark waterfall and private lagoon in the middle really stands out. Pros: -I like the flow of the Club, it was a busy night and I still had room to walk around all premises and socialize. -The bathrooms were kept super clean!-The employees there, were not rude and actually nice. -There is bars spread around for easy access.Cons: (And my reasons for 3 Stars)-First of all lets say I was not to fond of the Music. Same old TOP 40 garbage i can hear in LA for Free. That night it was a phillipino? Dj called DJ Five, he didnt suck but he's mediocre, his transitions sucked and was looping songs all crazy, no thanks bro. I gotta say coming from XS the night before, I was expecting some BADASS Club/House/EDM but no. It's mostly Hip-Hop "jams" some Kesha -___- and then Dj throws in some REGGETON! lol. Honestly it felt like I was at a wedding reception and not a nightclub in Vegas!! -The Dance Floor is pretty small btw. -An Older crowd!! -Drinks are kinda pricier than usual. (2 Coronas $28!!!) -Idk how much they enforce the Dress Code but saw people walking in with T-shirts, and girls with sandals and such? Final thought, this club would be good if your coming to chill and not party hard! Or if you HATE edm! This nightclub is very good looking but myself being a fan of EDM the thought of coming to a club in VEGAS to listen to old Hip-Hop and Kesha! is not my thing. This club has a lot of potential to be another Surrender if they would just bring in more EDM DJs!!!..then I'd be back. Other than that I think I'll pass! For a better production, lights, MUSIC hit up XS!!
2	Took my friends ID even though it was her.. Waited outside for hours for police to get it back. Get better bouncers.Edit: just found out they were so harsh because an underaged teen OD-ed just a few weeks back. Guess they get two stars for being so cautious, but still not high since they were wrong about my friend.
3	Everytime I'm in Vegas, we always designate one night to Tryst located in Wynn hotel.  When you go as a group of ladies, they'll typically cut you to the front of line and no cover!  If you're a group of guys, expect to pay or tip the bouncers.The layout at Tryst is similar to XS, classy and elegant but much smaller.  Many tables surrounding the central dance floor and waterfall in the back.  We came here on a Thursday and the crowd was on the mature side (late 30s-40s) fairly early in the night 11PM but around 12, the younger crowd took over.  Mainly Caucasians, I think we were one of the few Asian groups.  One of the awesome things about Vegas is that you'll meet people from all around the world.  Had an amazing time; met a hot guy from Brazil :)  Overall, more girls than guys.  I've noticed that towards the end of the night ~3AM, the dance floor is all couples haha.  Music is OK, house music mixed with top 40, sometimes they'll play music that I've never heard in my life.  The gogo dancers looked bored which speaks volumes about the music.  Be on the lookout for promotions for XS and Tryst combo via Instagram or Twitter.  We went to Tryst early on Friday to get stamps and were escorted to XS later in the night.
3	This club was okay. The dance floor was pretty big and the bartenders were friendly. Pricing is cheaper than other clubs. I got on the guest list with my friends and we each got two free drinks which is almost unheard of during a busy weekend in Vegas. The waterfall and ambiance of the club is very nice. The heat lamps didn't seem to work very well, but there were lots of places to sit, including some very comfortable couches. I got cold midway and snuck out early to go gamble. My friends had a great time. I would go again.PS Wynn is the prettiest casino ever.
4	It been so long since set foot in nightclub got reminded of all the good things but also reasons why not nightclub person. The wait too get in even with group of both guys and girls not help get in faster. None of us got on no guest list or had the connection always help pass the line. Really for Saturday night went early not that bad of wait too get in. Not that I know long wait or reasonable time is wait get in. It less then half hour. Once we got in it really amazing high end nightclubs walk into another world. In Tryst world one lot of reds, first thing stands out you see the huge waterfall from the Wynn as backdrop for the Dj on raised platform (that it looks like, nightclubs so dark hard too tell), two go-go dancers on each side of he Dj, the dance area is decent size or again no expert but feels bigger then most, and even had pole area second thought was at strip club (they had dancer working the pole) the dancer going up and down it. The bartenders the one I went too was very friendly and nice. I tend too find them too be rude and once gets pack they treat you like number move on. She was very nice. The cover too get in was $25 for the ladies, $30 for guys. Drinks well nothing too say but EXPECT too get raped because its any other high end nightclub on the strip. They do offer bottle services but too rich for my blood and went with group none of us going in that direction. If just want go out on dance floor with group of friends would go back too Tryst.
1	Seriously a bunch of jerks! Bought a table for $800 and they sat us outside on a tiny picnic table. Then after we were seated they proceeded to take a chair away from one of already seated and give us a foot stool to sit on. What a classless, trashy, bitchy club. Never, ever waste your time or money on the snotty hostess and lame managers.
5	i loved this place -- my friends and i had a blast... good music, good vibes, good ambience!!wasn't too much of a hassle to get into either...awesome time -- would return!
4	Loveeeeeeeeee Tryst!!! Probably my favorite club that I've been to in VegasThe waterfall is dope, I thought it was the coolest thing that the DJ and waterfall thing is like outside... but we're inside........ Trippy. The dance floor is incredibly small which is the only thing holding this place back from 5 stars in my book. INCREDIBLY small. The place is mostly comprised of tables for the people with bottle service and pathways through those tables where a lot of people hang out and stuff so I guess that's why the dance floor is so small. It was like smaller than a non-Vegas club but honestly the vibe in this place makes up for it all. The music was so bomb the whole entire night, I don't think I stopped dancing until it was time to leave.
4	Came out to Tryst to have a fun night out with my girls. I love that this club is half outside! Love the ambiance. This is your run of the mill nightclub. Booze flows, girls are hot and guys are drunk; can't ask for anything more on a Thursday night :) Getting in was not a problem, but I think that may have been because we were on the guest list. I'd recommend that, since you don't wanna spend your whole night waiting to get in! Fun night club, definitely recommend!
2	Its ok. Probably will NEVER go again though. Although the Venue is quite beautiful, especially the outside waterfall set up, the people in the club are mad douchebags. They are poppin' bottles, so they get a table and then they act like their sh*t don't stink. The bouncers push you around so you are not standing to close to their tables, but where do they expect you to go? Obviously the guys at the door do not know how to do their job because the place was so packed, we couldn't even stand around any longer, let alone dance. I don't get this club. The space is wayyyyy to small and they let in wayyyyy to many people. It was so upsetting! It was our last night in vegas and Tryst was a BUST. Go somewhere else unless you enjoy being pushed around or like standing up against a wall to avoid being ran over and stepped on all night.Only reason I even gave them 2 stars is because we were on a list so we didn't need to wait and the first hr, before the rush, was quite eventful.
4	Smaller than some of the other Vegas clubs I have been to which makes walking around kind of a pain. We got there at 11 and the dance floor was already completely packed. Luckily we made friends and got to sit at a table for the night with a great view of Jermaine Durpi. The music was great, the scene was great, the cocktails server was just okay but the clean up man was always there wiping down the table and re-arranging cups. Thinking about it I don't know if I would come here without bottle service because of the lack of space but with bottle service, it's definitely at the top of my list. Side note: There were many hot girls here, but also a TON of 2's and 3's thinking they were solid 7's and 8's. It was painful to look at, so painful for the eyes.
4	i really enjoyed my night @ tryst w/my ladies. once inside, the atmosphere is pretty fun. it's wide open and the outdoor area is so nice! love the waterfall. we weren't there on a night where there was a celebrity appearance/event, so the club wasn't too crowded, which was nice. i wouldn't say bottle service is necessary for tryst- everyone pretty much dances everywhere..and near the bathrooms, there are plenty of spaces to sit down/rest your feet. my only gripe...even though we were on the guestlist, it still took FOREVER to get in. oh, and the usual vegas complaint- the drinks are expensive :) definitely a solid choice if you're looking for a place to go for an evening out!
4	I had a great experience at Tryst Nightclub! The first thing you notice as you walk in is the super cool waterfall behind the DJ. It really gives the club a great feel to it. It's not sweaty or stuffy inside. The dance floor was small and packed, but not to the point where I still couldn't dance! And again, thanks to the open terrace and waterfall, there was a lot of fresh air while you danced. I had a drink ticket that night, but the variety of drinks I could get from this ticket were extremely limited. It also took forever to order a drink because the bartender was so busy and working solo.  Other than that, I loved everything about this nightclub. It has less of the hype than other clubs such as Tao, but I think that's a good thing. When I went to Tao, I couldn't even move my arm while on the dance floor because it was so packed.Next time I'm in Vegas, I will be heading to Tryst!
2	I was excited to try this place out and maybe that was part of the problem with my rating. I had such high hopes for this club but it was just not a fun time at all. Starting from when we got there, the lines were all disorganized. We were on a guest list and were let through, only to be sent back up the stairs because they didn't give us the piece of paper saying entry was comped. We went back up, got our piece of paper and then entered the club. TALK ABOUT SMALL!!! This club is tiny compared to others I have been to in Vegas. The place was packed with people and there was no where to sit besides getting bottle service. I understand the club's need to make money but having somewhere to sit after being on the overcrowded dance floor would  be nice. There are so many better places to go in Vegas. I will NOT be coming back to Tryst.
3	A great pitstop to crash before heading out to where the real party is at aka Xs or Surrender, Tryst isn't exactly known for being the first choice of partygoers. However, one of my friends knew a promoter who hooked it up for our group of girls and we were able to get free admission to both Tryst and Xs and two free drink tickets for each girl. Honestly, we weren't here for very long and we just came here to fill up on drinks. The inside was very reminiscent of Xs in terms of interior decor to the point where it resembled the inside seating area and dance floor of Xs, minus the huge outside pool area.  While the dance floor is pretty small, it does overlook a gorgeous waterfall.The drink tickets allowed us well drinks of our choice and I decided to go with two Screwdrivers. One thing I have to give props to the bartenders is that they really don't skimp on the alcohol. The ratio of alcohol to juice was nearly half, so this got us tipsy quite quickly. We headed to the dance floor for a little bit and the energy of the crowd was sort of lively. There wasn't a really large crowd and most of the people seemed a little older. An option for those who aren't really into places where you end up packed like sardines, this seems like an acceptable alternative. However, compared to Xs, this place is really more like a lounge and I'm not sure why people would want to drop big bucks on getting a table here, unless all you want to do is chill and relax or drop less bucks. If you're with a group of girls looking to make the most of your Vegas trip, try to find a deal like the one I'm talking about here. Pre-gaming will be a little more fun.
1	We decided to stop by here and check things out. Comp admission and drink tickets so why not? Comp drink tickets are only good for Well and Skyy products. I barely enjoyed my drinks and just people watched. We decided to leave and go to Haze for a little bit. We were walking out and tried to unclip.one of the ropes just to walk thru as a short cut - this wild skinny woman comes rushing over and scream at us DO YOU WORK HERE?! And proceeds to put her hands on us and PUSH ME back to the other side and reclips the rope! A simple EXCUSE ME PLEASE GO AROUND would have worked perfectly well instead of her COMPLETELY inappropriate behavior! Watch out for the long haired, super skinny psycho!!
1	Please do not even waste your time coming to this establishment. Rude, unprofessional and GREEDY employees run amok here, BEWARE. I had the displeasure of coming here for the "club night" portion of my bachelorette weekend. My MOH did an amazing job trying to make sure my weekend went off without a hitch. It's unfortunate that she spent so much time for weeks before we even arrived trying to set things up for our night there, only to have the D-BAGS who work there RUIN our experience.  We originally had a deal for 7 girls for 2 bottles, $800 out the door. Too good to be true right? It was. Total bait and switch. When we arrived, we were shuttled to our table which was outside and literally the size for a living room end table.  We started going over bottle prices and explained that we weren't happy about our table which was no where even near the dance floor and not to mention in B.F.E. (Butt Effing Egypt), that's when the level of rudeness began to creep even higher and at an alarming rate. They told us that we could have 2 bottles for $1400 and be inside if we tipped an additional $200. WTF?! We were left to deliberate and during this time, a bouncer came by to take one of my friend's chairs and explained that they needed it for the table next to us which had the same amount of females. When we asked if they were going to be bringing her a replacement, he had the audacity to say "maybe". DOUBLE WTF?!?!. Finally, they do bring her a chair but it's pretty much a fucking foot stool.  The bar back who brought the chair whispered to us that he was really sorry and did not understand why we were being treated this way. At least someone in there was a decent person. A few moments later when I see him talk to our hostess a few feet away about the chair situation, I literally watched her smirk and roll her eyes and gesture that basically she didn't give two fucks. There was a group of about 5 men who witnessed the whole exchange from the moment we sat down to the moment we left. Even they could not believe how low these people were acting. Basically at that point, we were over it and over the disrespect. We left and took our party to Lavo where I have always had such a great experience. My biggest regret is not making note of the woman we passed when we first walked in who was unhappy and complaining about how much money they were spending there...
1	RUDE*AGGRESSIVE*SECURITYI've never had such a horrible experience with the bouncers at any nightclub like I did this past Sunday at Tryst. It was my first time in Vegas and I fell in love with the Wynn hotel....So naturally I was so excited to visit one of their nightclubs. WRONG!! As I was walking to bathroom my girlfriend and I were trying to get through the crowd and one of the bouncers asked us to move when I told him I was trying an I couldnt he pushed me!!! During this scuffle someone steps on my foot...hard! I asked the security standing next to him what the bouncers name that pushed me and he said it was Chris.  Just as a reference the bouncer that pushed me looked like he could be Philipino. So as Im entering the bathroom another bouncer comes and grabs my arm and tells me I have to leave the nightclub so I pull my arm away (2nd time a bouncer lays his hand on me) and tell him I'll leave after I use the bathroom. So I use the restroom I walk put and the bathroom attendant is now kicking me out as well. So I walk out and my gf is standing there with the bouncer and she says we have to go because I flipped off the guy that pushed you. SERIOUSLY?? He laid hands on me!!! So we are really upset at this point and trying to keep our cool so we leave and then ask to speak to the security manager. So a big, tall, light skinned guy, with light colored eyes looks like he could be of African American decent comes out to talk to us. We asked him what his name was an he said Junior....he insisted this was his real name. We explain to him what happened and the whole time he is super condescending and tells us first of all that there is no Chris there and what do we want him to do? So I said I want an apology and he basically said thats never gonna happen have a goodnight and walks off. We then proceeded to the Wynn's front desk and tried to file a complaint. After an hour of sitting and waiting Lindsey Martin (assistant front desk manager) walks out and tells us that the Wynn hotel is a separate entity from the Tryst Night Club so we can file a complaint but they are not responsible for what happens in the nightclub. So I call the info number on the Wynn hotel website and they tell me I need to speak to a purple jacket security officer. So they send one over Craig to the front desk...And he talks to us for a little by this time I have filled out a "formal incident report" with Lindsey. Who assures me she'll take care of it. Again I was wrong I called this AM to follow-up and nobody had a clue about what I was talking about and the guy I spoke to George from security also didnt take me seriously he told me he was writing down what I was saying and when I asked him to read back what he wrote he couldnt! FAIL Wynn hotel and Tryst Night Club do not know how to treat their patrons. It makes me very upset to know that these so called "Security Guards" can get away with treating people this way ESPECIALLY WOMEN! We are there having fun and when you are in a place like that they should be there to PROTECT us from aggressors NOT BE the Aggressors!!! As for Wynn Hotel staff I understand they may not be responsible...However, this club is in your hotel and you are promoting it so you should care about how they are treating your patrons. Such a sad ending to my first time in Vegas!!!
2	Been at the front of the line with a couple guys and 3 old geezers in front of us and its been an hour and a half... we get inside the club and there is plenty of room and not crowded at all since it was a winter weekend. Cool waterfall though...
4	Tryst  is a fun club, they have a nice set up but I think it's smaller compared to Marquee and Surrender nightclub in Vegas. When I went we saw Holly Madison there with her friends dancing at her table. That was fun, everyone was trying to crowd around her table to watch lolThis club would probably be 3 or 4 on my list of nightclubs in Vegas
3	I had a lot of fun here, but I would never pay a $30+ cover. Especially when the drinks inside are so expensive as well. Very pretty though! Fairly good music. Fairly spacious, lots of room for dancing, at least. The awkwardly standing off to the side space is kind of lacking. . .I got around the cover by texting a promoter who kept liking my photos on Instagram. Hashtag that shit and see what you can get for free. I got my friend and I on the guest list here, a free drink, and stamps to XS, which is also in the Wynn I think. Details are fuzzy, excuse me. The cover for XS is $50+ and that's just ridiculous. I'm basically only writing this review to give everyone the Instagram heads-up. Again, hashtag that shit and see what happens. (Although this will probably not work if you have a penis, sorry.)
4	Tryst is a beautiful venue.  I came here to check out Jermaine Dupree and the place did not disappoint.  Great mix of hip hop and edm music.  It may not be on the same level is Marquee or XS but I had a great time.  Contact a host to get on the list or you'll have to wait a while to get in.  Standard Vegas prices for drinks and bottle service so plan to spend some money.
2	Smells like shit inside but great waterfall view
5	Friday April 26, 2007, Friday Night Maxim Party at TrystAmazing venue. As of that date, Tryst was easily the most impressive club in Vegas, hands down. My date and I had a table right on the edge of the dance floor and the water. Perfect view of the waterfall. We used Nick at www.vipnvegas.com for our VIP arrangements and the arrangements were immaculate. Bouncers were super friendly. There was a 3 hour line and we stood in the VIP line for roughly, 1 minute before being escorted all the way in to the club. Amazing sights, spacious pools, great drinks and we met so many great people. This place really set the tone for our Vegas trip. Our drinks were well watched and the hostesses treated us like royalty. The music was on hit and the people, the weather, everything was BEAUTIFUL. :) Since then Ive been back a few times. Always good times. Its been since 2009 since Ive been. Its time for a visit real soon!
1	Terrible! Do not go here if you are part of a bachelorette party!We decided to check out Tryst one night while out celebrating my sisters bachelorette party. We were there on a Saturday, and our party consisted of 7 girls. First off, the place smells like musty feet. It was so packed you couldn't even move, forget about dancing! And it took one bartender 10 minutes to help 1 guy.  At one point, a bottle of grey goose was handed to us by a male who had purchased the bottle. A couple of minutes later, we were approached by a bouncer who told us that we can't have a bottle, took it, and walked away. About two minutes later, we were told to move where we were standing by a bouncer. Reasonably annoyed at this point with the way we had been treated, we decided to leave. The employees are rude and have no sense of customer service. Bottom line, I recommend for others to choose another location to celebrate their bachelorette party, or event!
1	I sincerely wish I could give them negative stars. I spent a lot of time and money planning this night out and was horribly upset. This is a beautiful club run by rude and greedy people. I brought a group of ladies here for a bachelorette party and we dropped A LOT of money and could have had a great night without the shakedown from the staff. Security was abusive. Overall, my interactions with all the employees were just negative. Not a fun place- we could have done better at another club. I work in the service industry and am a great tipper and an understanding guest. It's sad that our big night was ruined by their poor service. I urge to to take your party elsewhere!
1	I would give this place zero stars if I could. Came here in June 2012 with my girls and this place was overcrowded, bar line was ridiculous, dance floor was TINY, and it was a constant trek to head outside for a smoke. First impression was already tainted! Second time however, I figured well shoot, it was summer time when I went and maybe the club was just overcrowded. My second experience was in the winter time and this place was STILL OVERCROWDED. Like,  either remodel your club so that the dance floor is bigger or just close this place down! The little booths that surround the dance floor are so 1980's and tacky. HATE THIS PLACE.
3	Cool waterfall.  Pretty cheap if you come on a thursday.
3	Tryst popped my nightclub cherry when I turned 21 :) It's a posh, classy club and the outdoor area is pretty with a waterfall. I haven't been here in a long time but the music used to be pretty good. What I did notice after a while is that there seem to be quite a few middle-aged people who come here. For some reason Wynn/Encore seems to attract older people collectively. I'd never ever pay to get in here. The crowd is kinda weird... but I had some good times here.
4	MUCH better than TAOIt reminds me of XS but smaller. Crowd was nice, venue was nice, overall it was a good night! Try to guest list, if not paying for cover can be a pain in the pocket.Decor was nice, and the atmosphere just topped it for me!
5	Had an amazing time at this club.   The dance floor isn't too small.   The music is amazing and very nice layout.  Drinks were delicious and love the waterfall in the background.  The bathroom is very classy and loved it.Would be checking this club out, when I'm back in Vegas ;)
3	Had a fun and crazy time here.  Although, not too crazy because I remember just enough to write a little about this place.As expected, the club was packed and the dance floor was crowded with wild and crazy people.  If you plan to be there several hours or more like our group of 10 people, then table service is recommended.  It gets expensive though.Overall, the ambiance was cool, music selection was fine, and we all had a good time.
4	love, love, love this venue! The outside fountain and outdoor bottle service tables-ROCKS! Of course, drinks are ridiculously expensive but if you're a lightweight like myself; this will not be an issue. Good looking, nice crowd of peeps! Definitely one of my favorites!
5	For my 500th Review, I wanted to share my experience at a cool club at the Wynn. I finally came here after going to most of the clubs and lounges in town including, XS, Marquee, Tao, Lavo, 1OAK, Rain, Playboy, et al.Tryst is located near the entrance to the Wynn.  Just make a quick right after you enter the hotel.  I really liked this club because the staff was chill, the clientele was friendly and the place was not crowded on a Fri night in early June.LA Riots was deejaying and was dropping some down beats.  LA Riots in known for introducing a blend of Indie Rock, Alternative Dance & Electro music in 2007.  The bartenders were really cool and poured some stiff effin drinks!!!  There were at least three bars and we didn't have to wait long.  The bouncers were chill and present, but not "overly" present.  Lastly, the valets in the restroom were excellent:  5 Stars.  The ambiance is very nice.  You walk downstairs and the hallway leads you to the main entry to the dance floor.  There is a stage for the dj, two separate platforms for the two dancers and a waterfall & pool in the backdrop.  There is also a pole for the amateurs to try out too - LOL!! -http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=LuRoNUSPwGtPQMe5gDF7sw&userid=o1_sfJ71nrq5QrF00v3Icw.   Lastly, there are a couple of outside areas to get some fresh air:  5 Stars.Tryst means a meeting place, and it wouldn't be true if my friend and I didn't meet some ladies.  We met a couple from Chicago who were very nice and kept us company.  They were not ratchets, they were cute, and they could carry on intelligent conversations.  As for what happened later, well like Lil' Wayne's lines from Love Me (Drake)And I would say these girls' namesBut then I would be snitchingAnd these haters try to knock meBut they can't knock me off the hinges, man!LMFAO!!!!!http://youtu.be/KY44zvhWhp4
3	First off this is a late review. Came here back in March. The experience here was not bad at all. Took the gf's parents here as it was their first time in vegas club scene. Got a comp'd table through my host (one of the reasons why I love vegas) and just had to pay $100 for my server (personal gratuity). Somehow they charged my card 3 times which caused it to lock up and took me forever to get it unlocked. Once we got all that cleared up, the bottle service was great, my host even moved us to a booth and everyone had a good time.The venue was pretty small, dancefloor was super small and if you didnt have a table, the bar line was horrible looking. It didn't have the vibe of a high end vegas club (think 1Oak). The club cleared out pretty fast once it hit 2am. They were pretty lenient here in regards to ppl randomly sitting out at the empty tables (big no-no at larger clubs like Marquee, XS, etc). With the exception of them locking up my credit card, it was a pretty good night. Would I ever come back here again? Probably not, unless it was just a chilled night with bottle service. Surrender would be the minimum spot for a club.
4	More intimate than its bigger brother XS but just as awesome! And since they're part of the Wynn Group so they've all the best DJs coming through this joint.  In fact on July 20th they're hosting the MAD DECENT BLOCK PARTY with special guest Dillion Francis.  Pretty sure the roof is coming down that night plus this place has a god damn waterfall...nuf said
2	Didn't particularly want to go here, we were told we had guestlist for XS but we had to get the stamp for XS at Tryst... such a bait and switch, they will give you a stamp for XS but you have to spend an hour in Tryst first. Maybe last night was a just a bad night to go but I was very disappointed with Tryst. Especially compared to the rest of the Wynn, I felt like this place was below par. First of all it is hot, and in July in Vegas you should not be stepping outside to cool down as its still about 100 degrees so I can't even imagine what temperature is was inside. Everyone is sweaty and sticky and it is really difficult to dance and relax when you feel so overheated. The music was ok, the crowd was very mixed, they didn't seem to have any sort of dress code at all. The view of the waterfall is really cool, and the bar staff were nice (security at the door were pretty uptight, making us line up when there was no need at all) but that's about all I can say.
4	Note: attended a corporate function here: Really beautiful setting, with private alcoves, around a beautiful waterfall.  Really nice food, staff was attentive and fun, and the bar well stocked.
4	Was here Sat/13 Jul about 11:30 pm.- My buddy and I had the   http://www.OnTheRocksLasVegas.com/ticket-information/   (3 Day Pass) wristband which got us in to Tryst without waiting in line and not having to pay a cover charge.- The club is as posh as XS (which I'd say is the best Vegas club overall) and gorgeous with the waterfall behind the DJ booth.  Tryst is one Yelp star short of XS because it's a smaller venue (indoor and outdoor) so it gets crowded easily, smaller dance floor and there's no gambling tables (XS has several tables in their outdoor area).- Security/staff was pretty cool.  We left about 11:50 pm and came back (with no probs having our re-entry stamps) about 1:40 am to see Lil' Jon who was making a Tryst guest appearance that night.
3	Went here on a Saturday night. Music was good. Place was packed, couldn't even walk through the crowds. Too crowded to get to bar for a drink. We left and went to Surrender which is also in Wynn. Much bigger place
2	Came here over the weekend, located at the Wynn. It is a beautiful location, however it is small. Lil Jon was the main DJ that night, and girls were getting in for less than $5 or free! Cheap to get in yes but this place is no fun if you dont have bottle service. Got super crowded just after an hour that they began to let people in. Plus its promoted to the young crowd, those barely turning 21 for example. I would much rather stick to my favorites...XS, Surrender. I have also heard good things about Hakkasan @ the MGM, my next venue to visit.
3	Love the set-up, bummed as always if you don't have a table you can't sit ANYWHERE!That's how they get you though, ladies in heels, good luck.Guy wanted me to pay $1000 for a small 4 seated table outside when I had a party of six, screw that.  Don't know how the tables won't go on sale after they aren't all used...
2	We came her for my buddy's bachelor party after unexpectedly losing our table at XS. Had we not lost our table I think I would have been more open minded about coming here. There is a medium sized dance floor with a DJ elevated on a platform and a waterfall behind him. We had a table right on the dance floor. The DJ was spinning EDM(of course) on this Saturday night. To be frank, the majority of the crowd on this particular night seemed like the folks who were turned away from XS or wanted a more urban, casual scene. Our group of 11 dudes nonetheless had a good time because it was all about the bachelor(but of course) so we had a good time; however I will not be coming back again.
3	Went on a Thursdays night and the place is beautiful.Crowd seemed to be of thee fist pumping suit wearing yuppies.music was not my styleit gets pretty crowded in there and if your not in the mood for fist pumping and you don't have a table it might not be worth going. Every time me and my friends tried to stop and rest our feet there was a bouncer telling us we couldn't stand here or here or here... hmm so we chugged and walked out.If you are interested in what I mentioned above then you'll be fine, as for me im going to avoid Thursday's and possibly this place all together
5	I kicked off my bachelorette party here and the bouncer took us out of the line and let us right in.  Great place to start clubbing on a Thursday night.
4	Good place, but for a club in Vegas it is kind of small. XS is very similar and much bigger than this place so it has tryst covered.
1	Please people really? Club is beautiful. 1 star for that. Way overpriced and catered to all the VIP bs. Yeah you're so cool for spending $1,000's on some juice and a bottle of grey goose. The dance floor is not very big for the size of the venue. Waterfall is bigger. What is up with all the clubs playing techno music? It sucks. The drinks are way over priced and the waitress had to have a card prior to bringing us our drinks. Four of us girls were sitting on a bench and were asked to move because it was becoming a VIP sitting area. Nice huh? We just paid $20 cover and bought $100 worth of drinks within 20 minutes of being inside. Get your poor  butts up because you are not valued here is how we felt. We will never visit this club again. Or really any of the hyped clubs. It's all bs. Dive bars here we come.
5	After studio 54 closed, tabu became our spot. It was a decent price range and not so packed. This time around they closed that too so we went to Tryst and damn.... We found our new spot. Being from California me and the wife aren't fond of super packed clubs. 5 stars for venue, DJ, ambient, and service! Next time were shooting for VIP, seems fun.
4	We went to Tryst last Friday 8-24. I love this club!!Let me first start by saying that this I my first LV club experience.  It was just my friend and I so we wanted a great trip and experience a club.  Ladies: make your Instagram account public and hashtag #vegas or #vegasbaby. Promoters will hit you up with numbers. Send them a text and get put on the guest list. We not only got in free but we also got two free drinks!!  The club is a bit small but we had no problem dancing and having fun. All the staff was awesome and friendly.  There were people of all shapes and sizes here having a great time.  Remember it's Vegas so after your two comp drinks be ready to pay $12 a drink however the pours are generous.  I will be back to this club my next visit to Las Vegas!!!!
2	The only reason why Tryst is getting 2 stars is because aside from what went down, the venue is really pretty and the waitress was fantastic. *****THEY WILL DO WHATEVER THEY CAN TO SCREW YOU INTO BUYING AN ADDITIONAL BOTTLE FOR YOUR TABLE. EVEN IF THAT MEANS LEAVING THE BIRTHDAY BOY OUTSIDE, NOT ALLOWING HIS ENTRANCE TO THE CLUB, TILL YOU AGREE TO BUY SAID BOTTLE. *****We were just here on Saturday night. My boyfriend had called earlier in the day to reserve a big table for his birthday. They said the name would be on the list and everything was ready to go.As we get to the club, we find out that his name of course, isn't on the list. After talking to some promoter, we were able to once again get ourselves a table, and as we were walking in, my poor boyfriend got a bloody nose (stupid dry weather in Vegas!!!!) so he had to run to the restroom in the casino to take care of business. I told the group to just go in and we'd be right in. I also told the bouncer the same thing. He didn't seem to have an issue with that. A few minutes later my boyfriend returns and they won't let us in. The bouncers are complete stuck up a**holes whom won't speak to you or acknowledge you even if you call them nicely. The bouncer who knew I was staying outside to wait for my boyfriend, decided he no longer wanted to remember our faces and told us "I see thousands of people a day, I don't know who you are". He was standing right next to me the whole damn time. They were incredibly unprofessional and not helpful at all. I have never in my life dealt with bigger a**holes on a power trip, and I'm a police officer!!!Long story short, after dealing with countless asshole security personnel on a power trip, we are finally allowed in, only to find out that the only reason they let us in, is because we had to agree to buy another bottle (we were already purchasing 4 bottles that night).  F this club, never again are we giving you our business. And to top it all off, it smelled like death when we walked in, and apparently they don't understand the concept of AIR CONDITIONING because it was hot as f in there on Saturday.If you know what is good, go across the street to XS, don't waste your time here.On a lighter note, the waitress was very friendly and helpful. She was on top of her game and made sure our glasses were never empty. She is the only reason we tipped that night.
4	I enjoyed myself at Tryst but I didn't really care for the music which kinda puts a damper on someones experience at a club. Don't get me wrong the venue was nice; both inside and outside but looks only count for so much. One of the main reasons I am giving Tryst 4-stars is because they know how to treat the ladies. I went here for my sister's bachelorette party and we were treated quite well by the staff. We had no problems getting in which isn't really that surprising because we were a group of 10 ladies. Secondly, we were each given two drink tickets that had to be used before 1am which was easy enough. The bartenders didn't give us any fuss and were happy to celebrate with us.OverallCute place, friendly staff, good promos, but not really my spot.
1	One word - HORRIFIED. Came here on a Friday night as we were told XS' line was very long and we could come here to kill a bit of time while the line went down. We were only here just over one hour. The only reason I would even give this 1/5 stars is because:1) Yelp won't let me rate 0/5 2) the waterfall is pretty3) no line hardly and 2 free drinks tickets.However, those are the only things stopping me from rating it lower. This club is absolutely horrific, it attracts a very dirty crowd. When we were there we saw one guy with his fingers up a girl as they were pressed against a wall making out. On the stripper pole there were two girls and yes they were really good dancers but one climbed the pole and did the splits, legs wide open and she was wearing a mini skirt and absolutely nothing underneath. The whole club saw all of her vagina! Which made my friend and I feel a little sick.The music they played was questionable also. The venue is also way way waaaay too small, no space! We felt very uncomfortable in this club due to the type of crowd it attracted on this night and the music played. We drank our two free drinks and left as soon as possible and ran over to the much better XS. I would NEVER return here again.
3	Tryst is surprisingly a beautiful club in Vegas. As a guy in his 20's, you don't really hear about Tryst as much as you hear about the other clubs. The setup of Tryst is very similar to XS. Decent sized dance floor with VIP tables placed around the dance area. The waterfall that they have is pretty random, but it looks beautiful. The crowd here is in their mid twenties on up. **If you are a girl you can get in for free if you meet a promoter. The promoter will also most likely give you tickets for free drinks which is always a plus since some clubs will only offer you free champagne. Personally, I prefer some of the other clubs in Vegas, but this is a decent venue if you need a different scene versus your normal clubs that you go to.
5	I was here a couple of years ago and I never wrote a review! It definitely deserves one. We talked to the hostess earlier in the day so she was kind enough to get us past the huge line. When we got inside it was packed, had really great music, and was just a blast overall. Plus it isn't as packed with drunken idiots as a lot of the other big night clubs.
4	The Mother of XS.For the calmer Hip Hop crowd of elegance, an older more chill group of people. It's the exact replica of XS. Tryst was the original club for the Wynn. After Encore was built, they cloned Tryst into XS and made it the Super Club of Vegas. I like how everything at Tryst and XS is so organized. From the front of the line to bottle service. Here's a little secret, if you don't already know (well for girls that is.)If you get into the club on the Promotion List, you'll first, get 2 drink tickets, then after 1am, you'll be able to walk over to XS and get in for free too. But it just depends on the day. If there's a huge DJ spinning, count your luck with Tryst.Play safe.
5	"Walk into the club like 'What up, I got a big cock"That's what it seriously feels like here.It all started pretty good because one of my friends had talked to a promoter earlier in the day and told him there were about 7-8 girls and only 3 guys. So our numbers were right.It took a bad turn when we ran into a douchey bouncer who told us to walk around the line even though he could've easily unhinged the velvet rope to let us line up.The guy who checked our I.D.'s was in high spirits though so that negated d-bag #1.We bypass this incredibly long line and check in at the front desk. We got our hands stamped and even some free complimentary drink cards.As soon as we head down the stairs, this amazing ass pimp status waterfall behind the DJ booth is just sort of saying "Welcome, bitches... Enjoy."The drink prices are pretty pricey but it's Vegas, after all....After a brief stint on the dance floor, one of my buddies disappears. Apparently, while drunk, he ordered bottle service.Then we get hit on by cougars. Which was cool as hell. Then I start dancing on this wooden platform by our table. One cute girl from across the way sees me and I blow her a kiss and she catches it.How does this happen? Vegas. And a super cool ass club like this.
1	One of the worst clubs in town. There are a lot newer clubs that are better lay out and have better music. I just don't see the appeal for anyone looking for a good experience.
2	came for a fraternity reunion a few years ago and for a friend's bday... not impressed. this club is probably on its way to being played out...like tao, pure, etx...
1	I gave this club 1 star bc it had a pretty waterfall. Otherwise, it was horrible and trashy. If you like "tweeker" music and are hopped up on drugs then you will love it. I on the other hand was looking for a cool classy place to drink and dance to some top 40 remixes and maybe some hip-hop. Not the place. They were letting girls in wearing those rubber shower flip-flops you can get at the drug store for 99 cents. These should be wore for sanitary purposes only. Not to a night club. Couldn't meet my table minimum fast enough to get out of there! Ended up leaving half of a bottle of vodka behind because I couldn't stand it anymore. Run, don't walk away from this disgusting place!
1	This place is ridiculous! Had a table which was paid for in full then theres a random fight by our table which no body from our table was involved in and the idiots they hired as bouncers kicked us out our table form no reason! Will not be back and will let everyone know not to go spend their money here!!
4	Flew into Vegas on a Thursday...was told that Tryst was the place to be on a Thursday night and boy they were right.  (When you go to Vegas you have to find out what clubs are hot on what days).  VIP area all around the dance floor.  Older crowd than XS.  Fun time!  Great music!  Althought XS is a wayyy nicer club, my best night in Vegas was at Tryst!!!!
5	We came to the club for Halloween and it was awesome. The waterfall the atmosphere gave it an ambiance of romantic and dancing pleasure. People in the club were polite and kewl. We had a great time only thing it pays to be on a list.
3	After the trying to go for bottle service at a different club, we ended up coming to Tryst since the other club had sold out of tables.The DJ played a good mix of music, and we had a good time in our area.  Since we got there late (after 1:00am), we got a way towards the back table outside near the waterfall.  Luckily, we were moved to a much better location a few minutes later.  My friend had to hook up the VIP manager to move us back inside if you know what I mean...Not sure what drinks cost, but bottles were around $350-450.  Ended up being $1500 for three bottles, tax and tip, which is what we expected with eight guys in our party.  We all pitched in and had a great time.  Fun place to come for the club.  Probably not going to be the amount of eye candy that you would expect (for the fellas) at other, newer clubs, but fun nonetheless.
1	We were invited to a great night at a private table paid for by a great company, then we were denied to go in when we were placed in the wrong line (all 6 of us). I tried to have the bouncer help us find our party, but was denied. We had to leave, & the company that we were to meet lost our business. It was a terrible experience due to poor service provided by the bouncers that were unprofessional and wouldn't take the extra step to help us find our group that had paid to meet with us for what would have been the beginning of a great new business opportunity. Don't go to this place to try and impress clientele, the company lost our business & so did Wynn. I will never refer any friends, family or associates to go to this place...ever! This place was degrading  & embarrassing, please don't go there. They were so rude to us! Respectfully...Concerned Business Mgmt
5	Came here on a recommendation that this was an underrated place. And I have to say that it truely is. We got a table and ordered 3 bottles for bottle service. Lots of great music, impeccable service, and a great atmosphere!  Tryst is a perfect size so as not to be trampled and the booth we got was in a great location. Will definitely be back!
1	Visited in July 2013 for my Bachelorette party. I cant even really tell you what the inside looks like because it was beyond packed. Lil John was there that night. The bouncer was a d*ick for no reason. Get the stick out of your ass guy, or find a different job that does not require you to deal with people.Anyway, got a "deal" through a promoter named Drew- who made it seem like it was the best hook up ever. Yeah... No. Our table was the "VIP" section OUTSIDE of the actual club area, and we were charged the normal price on the bottle service menu. Never again. Musty ass club.
4	Stayed at encore, and decided to go clubbing here so i wont have to drive. There is a water fall outside the dance floor in the club! Never seen that before. That was nice. Nice decor. Besides that is was cool. Ok music. Mix of EDM and hip hop/maybe top 40's. Bartender was super nice took care of me every time i walked near the bar. Usual vegas drink prices. Must see at least once.
3	Tryst is basically XS lite. much smaller, with a lot less talent. but still a decent place to kill some time in vegas, especially if you dont want to deal with getting into XS or Marquee or the like.
4	I had an awesome time here on Saturday February 15th. We had an issue at XS and the table we reserved through a promoter apparently was never reserved at all so my group of 12, 5 guys and 7 girls headed to Tryst. We talked to Bobby and he got us a great table and bottles for a much better price than XS. Anything we wanted, he hooked it up. Random creepers getting too close to our space he moved out of our area.Given we were trading Kaskade for Jermaine Dupri, by the time the bottles came out and times were a-rollin we didn't care bc we had a great table, our close friends by our sides and pretty good music. There were only 2 downsides to this night, the fact that 1/2 the time JD was stuck in the 90's hip hop jam, don't get me wrong I love 90s rap and hiphop but I never (ever) wanna hear Tupac ever again. The 2nd was the hobo lookin 8 months pregnant 40 y.o. bug eyed woman with dreads that they let in the club. Seriously, wtf? Next time I'll make sure my table at XS is on lock but if BS happens again, I'll happily head on over to Tryst.
3	Vegas nightclubs have a short life span of when they're hot. Kind of like models or athletes, only Vegas nightclubs are not as forgiving. They have a much shorter shelf life. I would say it's really great if a club can stay going strong for a couple years in a row.I've been here two times. The first time I saw it I thought it was the hottest place I had ever seen. It was much newer, and everyone wanted to get in. Hotter people showed up, and so did hotter DJ's. High rollers wanted to drop lots of cash here. It was popping.Second time was fun. I got a free table to sit at with my girlfriend and free champagne all night, and the waiters working were all hot as hell. The bartender women were sort of  bitchy but nothin I can't handle. It's just not that fresh a place anymore. I mean that in two ways... like for the love of God, tryst, replace your carpet. And the crowd there is just not what I would prefer. When your dancefloor is packed with men only, that's when you know you failed. That should never happen in a city famous for their nightlife.The sexy people are taking their fine asses elsewhere.They used to play more hip hop here. Now they mix in top 40 and EDM. My drunk girlfriend yelled at the DJ because he started replaying songs at like 2AM, to which I say, preach girl. He sucked.It's a damn shame Tryst couldn't keep it up.
2	This place is very meh.. The scenery was pretty ok because you can see the falls of Wynn. The dj is performing right in front of the falls, that was pretty cool. Other than that, the music was very blah and the guys there were all kinda creepy. They don't ask you if you would like to dance with them, they just grabbed you. Very rude. So we left very shortly after we got there
4	Visited for the first time  2/23/13 . They spin good music , plenty of VIP table & booths / the crowd was very attractive which is always a plus and the overall atmosphere was on point ! Minor complaints - a couple of the girl bartenders were rude & the dance floor is a little on the small side ; & this place gets packed so it def could use more dancing space ! I did enjoy this place more than TAO though . Will definitely return next time I'm In Vegas !
3	It's awesome, lots of douchebags to choose from!  hahaha.Makes me miss the old school Korean clubs, that was fun.
1	This place is terrible. Only club I've paid bottles for and can't even give them away because this place is so bad. Everyone has too much alcohol. Also really rachet crowd
4	That night that you don't remember? Probably happened at Tryst. Wow, Tryst was just a ton of crowded, crowded, crowded fun!! There were tables everywhere and an average sized dance floor. My friend got the hookup for her party and we were seated at the table/booth that is under a rock, directly to the left of the waterfall. And wow, was it private. And beautiful. It was far away enough to get away from the craziness of the rest of the club! Plus bottle service! It was an absolutely fun night! I do have to say that even though they warned us, it was just way too crowded. I feel like they should limit entrance to a certain number, because people could have really gotten hurt by how close everyone was through the aisles and on the dance floor.
3	Just like with other clubs, its free entry with a group of mostly girls. I don't believe I've ever paid cover at a Vegas club, so make sure you get into contact with a promoter. Tryst is a smaller, but beautiful venue with a waterfall, awesome DJ's, and a great atmosphere overall. Music was a mixture of hip hop and EDM if I remember correctly. It's not as fancy as newer clubs like XS, but still good nonetheless.
3	What a beautiful club, Loved the waterfall and the decor. Great music and the bathroom lighting was flattering :) yes, that's important. I think we arrived way to early, the dance floor was quite empty. Quite the sausage fest on a Thursday night. Stayed for an hour and a half then ended up leaving. I think I'm getting to old for Vegas nightclubs.Can someone steer me and my flask to a Piano Bar or Blues club next time?RANDOM FACT:Tryst means an appointed place of meeting.
3	Got in on the guest listPaid $20 for a glass of champagne (god thing I was already on before we got in)DJ spinned Techno House whatever its called 85% of the timeThey did play about 10% Top 405% Hip HopIts a little easier to move about in this club than some others I've been to in the past like Haze and LavoCool Spot but I wouldn't go out of my way
3	A trysting place, Tryst! For your information, the vocabulary means a private, romantic rendezvous between lovers. This term perfectly describes the venue. Eclectic venue with the rocky waterfall! The lighting to the waterfall were very celestial and richly colorful discharging a calming atmosphere. Not a bad club at all, but the venue itself is very romantic and magnificent. Their drinks are high-priced but strong! I didn't spend much time here because we were just browsing out this club. Nonetheless, it's a nice, bijou club and I wouldn't mind coming back here if there is nowhere to go.
5	Free nightclub plus! I came to Tryst before they moved it 5 years ago and had a great time then, they really changed it up and for the better! Had a great easy experience. The moment we got there: very organized, other clubs just let a crowd build up, even for guest list. My party was a half hour into guest list entry time and we waited 2 minutes, very smooth walk through. The ladies got 2 free drink tickets. We were helped by Katelyn, this lady hooked it up! Our free drinks were really strong that by the time we opened a tab we were buzzed (arrived there sober), so we actually saved money. Haha! Great experience, great atmosphere, saved money!
4	Very nice little club. I came here for a evening reception, and the whole club was booked. I was told this place is very similar to XS in style. They had dancers dancing on the platforms, and there's an outdoor area with a water fall. Really nice view. They also had couches all around to sit on, which I assume are for people who book tables on regular nights.
4	Definitely had a fun "tryst" with friends for a bachelorette party here at Tryst! Since we went out on a Thursday night (XS was closed), Tryst made a worthy backup. I was able to get onto a promoter's list beforehand so we did not have to rush through our dinner at La Cave to make it into the club. The bouncers kept everything organized by keeping people in a single-file line and multiple staff members moved down the line to check people in. As soon as I told them my promoter's name, I was able to get drink tickets for my entire party and we moved to the front and into the club (gotta admit, that felt a little A-list). We arrived at 11pm and it was still a little slow, but everything picked up around midnight. For the first half hour or so, we were able to explore the club. It's a bit smaller (more table space compared to dance area) but we really enjoyed the patio outside with a sweet view of the huge waterfall in the middle of the room. The music was good mix--a bit of hip hop, Top 40, and some EDM made dancing fun. Since we dressed up my friend in her bachelorette tiara and sash, we were able to get many people to dance with her and buy her drinks. ;) The bar is fully stashed and we redeemed our drink tickets for any combo of well drinks or champagne. The drinks were delicious and strong! I had a Jameson & ginger ale and a Sex on the Beach which kept me warm and fuzzy for most of the night (although I had to help my bachelorette friend drink some of her cocktails too...)Bathrooms were consistently clean and I noticed there was always a staff member on hand to give out paper towels and and keep the area neat. For girls, there are many floor length mirrors around if you need to check your outfits or do any touch-ups. There is also a a sizable collection of soaps, lotions, hair spray etc. along the counter to keep you looking and smelling fresh all night long.I believe Tryst matches the classiness of The Wynn and would highly recommend this club for any bachelorette or birthday debauchery in Sin City.
1	great atmosphere and set up.. been here once. was dope but come back couple hears later last night and first off guest list ends at 1230 so we r near the front and they say its closed all of a sudden so..so much for a list. so I was ready to pay so I'm close to the entry I ask a bouncer what's the cover? 30 guys 20 girl..OK cool. get to the entry and she says hello guys 100$ guys 20$ ladies.. said excuse me? she said 100$ guys 10 min ago ur bouncer said 30 and he's ur employee.. and she didn't want to hear it. so waited an hour to find out no more free entry no more reg price.. now making up prices. crazy!!
5	Love, love, love this club! The music and atmosphere did not disappoint. Ty for playing hip hop!!!!! Went in November with my girls & we had an amazing time.Another good thing is it's so close to XS that you could club hop and enjoy both.Can't wait to go back!
4	Went there for the first time a few weeks ago and I was impressed. Club is a older compared to the other places, but this is the place to be on Thursday and if you're into mixed music where they play hip hop and not just EDM, then this is the place.
3	So I went to Tryst for the first time last night.  I was on the guest list and the whole process was pretty painless.  I have to say that I really like the layout.  The club was crowded but you never seemed boxed in anywhere or felt like you didn't have any room.  There was always room to dance and there was ample room to make rounds.  I do wish there was more of a place to just hangout if you are finishing a drink if you didn't have a table.  But they might just do that so you can buy a table, but at Marquee they have that so I will hold it against them.  The music selection was great for a little bit, then they changed the DJ.  The second DJ wasn't nearly as talented with his transitions or cuts and it sounded like he just turned on pandora or was playing an iTunes playlist.  It wouldn't be that big of a deal, but with so many other DJs in Vegas at clubs "next door" it kind of makes you second guess the decision.  Hopefully it's not a common occurrence here.  All in all it was a good time.  It was a great layout and the club is easy to walk into after you valet your car.  The Wynn is a beautiful hotel and it extends to their second tier club so you don't feel like you're in a second tier place.  I would definitely recommend this club to anyone in the Vegas area.  I would just say check the DJ before you go.
3	As far as Vegas clubs go, the layout of this one is pretty nice. The waterfall is neat, multiple bars make getting a drink pretty easy, and if you want a sweet VIP booth, you're in luck - they feature prominently in this club and look pretty comfortable. Not that I was in one. I was over in the crevice where two walls met, hiding from the shoe-Nazi bouncer while quickly rubbing my tired feet (bouncers shine a flashlight on girls to make sure they're wearing shoes). Too damn old for this shit. Weekend music was all EDM crap spun by multiple untalented DJ's. He'd fade in the intro of a song everyone loves "Ooooh booiii 99 Problems, this is my jaaam!" and then spin it into some completely different shitty non-song..."Uhhh...just keep dancing, maybe it'll loop back around!" It never did.$$$ drinks are served in plastic glasses - mine had a crack in it that let 1/3 of my drink leak out. After waiting for the bartendress to notice me again, she dumped what remained into another glass. Vegas, bitches!$30 cover for guys, $20 for girls. Our bouncer offered us the *amazing* deal of 5 people for $120 - that is, $10 less than it would have been anyway. -__-Bf and I lasted for about 1.5 hours, which is actually really great for me in a club. The high cover charge for chicks meant that it was a full-blown sausage fest on the dance floor, and I had a pretty amazing time watching bros try to wriggle themselves into bachelorette parties that had bottle service. 3 stars for an entertaining time, being cheaper than other mistakes I could have made that night, and for looking so dang classy. Short of the guest list, though, I probably won't make the drive out here again.
4	My wife and I had a great time at Tryst on a Thursday night.  The atmosphere is very upscale and the waterfall just tops it off.  It was busy but not too crowded. Thanks to a couple bars and good bar tenders it didn't take long to get a drink or a water.We went to 3 clubs that week and the music was the best at Tryst if you like to dance. It was hip hop/top 40/ and a few good mash ups.The crowd was 20's and 30's with a few 40's. It was a good mix and it is always good people watching in Vegas.We got there early and were trying to take a selfie together and of the workers came over and asked if we would like him to take our picture, that was very nice of him.The only downfall is the dance floor is a little small, but it didn't slow us down from having a good time.Overall we loved it and will be back.
4	I went to tryst on a Saturday night, and I had a blast with my friends. I loved the red walls, the chandeliers, the waterfall, and above all the pole! Haha it was pretty fun. The music was pretty good, and I danced a lot. It's not a big club, but you can still have a great time.I will definitely go back, and you should check it out, too!
5	I went to Tryst this past weekend and I honestly had such a great time. I love how the music is primarily hip hop and songs you can actually sing to and have a good time. We ended up getting a table and it was on the cheaper side compared to other clubs. The atmosphere is fun and lively! Will be back!
5	I loved this place.  (no bottle service for my group and it was still fun).  The dj was great---he played Top40/80s/90s mixed with edm and it was awesome.  He read the crowded well and the dance floor had a lot of space and it did not require you to push people to keep your space.  The vibe was cool and the people overall were not douchebags or nasty (referring to guys) so you could have fun or dance with guys if you wanted to.We booked a bachelorette here and it was AWESOME---talk to Kelly at the hotel; she set us up here to skip the line and get drink tickets.I'm so glad we came here--check he DJS before you come to make sure you'll like the music.
1	Your club is bad and you should feel bad. Apparently Yelp wants me to write more than that about how terrible your club is. I could write a book about how terrible your club is and it would be longer than Atlas Shrugged and filled with more frustration than Mein Kampf. I'm standing in this club writing this on my phone which says enough about how much I hate it. Satan himself complained about the environment and said he's going back to Hell because he felt uncomfortable. If I had the option, I would join him.
3	Met my future wife for drinks here. Low-key gorgeous club. Not well-thought seating arrangements for VIP. Bottle service was dreadfully slow by 2:30. Multiple dance floors aren't cordoned off, so drinks have a tendency to get spilled on tables.
2	Place was ok.  My boyfriend and I got in for free through a promoter.  Not sure if I'd be willing to pay for the cover.  It seems like it's in the basement.  Kind of cramped.  I was looking forward to seeing the waterfall but it really wasn't that impressive.  I was also looking forward to checking out the djs but really weren't impressed by them either.  Was thinking about buying an entry level dj controller from Pioneer or traktor but all I could see from the dancefloor was the MacBook.  I also wasn't too big of a fan of the top 40 music.  Might have had a better time at an edm club.  Ambiance seemed classy enough but I think there are better clubbing choices on the Strip.
5	I can only comment on my experience with Bottle Service but for me, that is important.  When people go to a nightclub and order Bottle Service for only two people and pay upwards of $1,000+, the expectations are going to be high.  That said, this nightclub never disappoints in that regard.  They are unique in that they have a two-person table area so you don't get surrounded by the 4-6 guys who are all splitting a bottle and trying to get trashed while scoring women who want free drinks.  There is one table in particular that is directly at the edge of the dance area and also is outside by the waterfall.  It's hard to get but it is worth it because you get the best of both worlds:  the beat and vibe of the club and the cooling effect of being outside.  The only other place that has that feel is Hyde at the Bellagio but the fountains there can drench you if it's windy when the window is open.  The last time we went, my fiance' and I were treated well by the servers and we also did what we usually do which is request a security guy be assigned near us to keep the bottle rats and club trash from putting their drinks on our table and hovering around.  We usually tip the security guy $100 right away and then it's basically like having a bodyguard there all night.  I remember one particular point during the night where one guy was just standing there and not moving plus bothering my fiance' while I was away from the table and the security guy grabbed him and basically picked him up and moved him away and said "don't come back here, ever."  That was classic.I would recommend going here if you are a couple and you want the full experience without some of the downsides of going to clubs and ordering bottle service.
4	Really enjoyed my time here with my best friend.  It was our birthday celebrations and we decided to do something we don't normally do and that is to go to a nightclub. We tend to enjoy more lounge/sports bars guests.  But I have to admit the music was nice and the feel felt really open and airy.  The real downside:  NO CHAIRS unless you pay for bottle service. For goodness sake, scatter a couple of high bar chairs around the area or to the back.  You don't have to provide bar tables, but chairs would do a lot of the women good, by getting them off their fee.  I understand that you are hoping to get people to buy the bottle service, but honestly a few chairs will not break your bank Tryst.  We were able to sit with the invite of a group of people who had bottle service, thank you very much Bryan, Chris, Andy and the rest of your group...you saved my feet!Redeeming quality, the staff was amazingly friendly!  Unlike Hakkassan, which I'll get to review in a minute.  The smiled.  They talked.  The security guys even walked us to the restroom when we asked for the location.  I'm probably getting too old to head back to a Nightclub.  I would recommend this place to people in their late 20's to early 40's.
1	Ive been here at this club 4 times and each time it was bottle service, more than 1500 each time. Some random girl was assaulted and her boyfriend decided to throw punches. Because we were not part of the confrontation we pushed our group aside. BUT because we pushed our group aside, so we can continue to enjoy our night, they decided we would b the easy group to blame. We were kicked out because we happened to b in the area, and it would b a quick fix liability wise.
1	After attending Tryst 4 times, including bottle service, I have to regrettable give a bad review.The security is biased to a women's perception of events. My good friend who has participated in all 4 previous bottle services was interrogated and escorted out of tryst for being hit in the face. He was hit in the face! He did not provoke the situation, but was accidentally a bystanders. Even the alleged victim stated my friend had not committed the violation.  Sadly, he was escorted out because the casino follows procedure to prevent possible law suits from the victim.So, the Winn would rather offer subpar customer service that take a chance at possible lawsuit. No proof was ever shown. I regret to say that I will never partake in any Winn/Encore events or clubs.You have lost a loyal customer. Consider re-evaluating your protocol in situations like this.
2	This club was okay. We had a table and bottle service, outside of the dance floor/club area by the fountain. The way it was set up made it difficult to get in and out of table if we needed to use the restroom or wanted to dance. This is not the reason the club was just okay...The DJ playing on Saturday wasn't great, until the very last song (R Kelly "bump n grind"), as we were walking out haha. The worst part about the night was that the place was CRAWLING with very "thirsty" men. I mean we could barely walk through the club to the restroom without being cat called or groped. Obviously this isn't the club's fault, just a "beware for the ladies." Overall I wouldn't say this is the worst place I've been in Vegas, but not the best either. Give it a shot if you're staying in the Wynn or Encore and don't want to venture too far from your room.
4	After a terrible experience at XS, my girlfriends and I decided to head over to Tryst. We had such a fun time! The music was hip hop and the crowd was sexy and fun. Jermaine Dupri came on and the crowd went crazy. It was a good time.
4	Shockingly fun. It's not a 'top tier' club but it's fun and all that matters. The drinks aren't outrageous (by Vegas standards), the music is 75% EDM, 25% Old School, which I like. It has a nice view of the water fountain, which is a nice touch.If you go fairly early, like until 11:30, you'll have no problem getting in, they're not very selective for sure. I was surprised at how relaxed the dress code is. You can get in with a t-shirt and jeans. I wish they'd up that a bit and they'd find a higher level of clientele. The staff was friendly and patient with us drunks.
5	I loved the waterfall inside of this club! This is definitely my favorite nightclub in Vegas. They have a huge dance floor and a long bar, what more can you ask for? Oh, the lovely waterfall INSIDE of the club, that's what. Just magnificent.
2	All I have to say about this place is that it is where my mom and my gf's mom like to go.
1	4 bottles between 5 people...I asked for water and our waitress told me I need to buy it. I need to pay for an $8 water after we dropped so much for 4 bottles at the table? Is Tryst really that money hungry?..I said that's fine, bring us water and I'll pay for it. Water was never brought. In the entire time we were at our table, our waitress came over maybe 4 times. Maybe. We pretty much took care of ourselves while she was busy dancing on stage and in the walkways. Maybe she should apply for a dancer position and tryst should hire legit waitresses....I've been to Vegas several times and this was very poor bottle service.
5	Best music during our weekend stay for a Flirty Thirty we celebrated in September. I would definitely come back. The location was a little bit smaller than I remember, but probably because I was a lot more sober. The waterfall and outdoor dancing was a nice touch. One of my top three club choices while in Vegas.
3	Never get shit face when asking a girl out, not a good idea.hahahNice club only with reserve table! Get a table I promise you the girls will come! I was surprise I met a few people that live near my area.
5	This place was great. We showed up late and they still comped out entry fee. Best looking waitresses by far! Tons of fun. Very pretty environment.
4	Still the prettiest club in Las Vegas. About a decade old but still fun. Staff is very pretty.
3	It was alright... we didn't get a reserved table our promoter promised we didnt need one. He was wrong. Little pathways to walk around and small dance floor. More of a hyped up lounge with a dance floor. We had fun dont get me wrong but by about midnight we left to hit another club because it was just... an odd mix of people. Music was good so the DJ knew what he was doing :)
4	I like this club although kind of small you can't go wrong with Wynn/ Encore clubs.  They have good bottle prices and usually play hip hop.  The outside patio/ waterfall make for a cool unique ambiance.  Bartenders are very nice.
2	I went here Saturday, 10/4/14.  This place is dead.  Nobody was there and they still charged $30 cover.  This is the spot if you want a big empty place bumping music all to yourself.  Go elsewhere if you are looking to party.  Guy to Girl ratio is 10:1.  It's like a mini XS inside.  The best thing about this place is the short line outside.
5	Fun club, go early, got on guest list and was let right in... Staff was friendly and the door people were nice too.. will be going again~ :)
1	Been here once and never went back..long line..expensive drinks..expensive bottle service..everything is expensive. That was it! :(
2	: Long line, ticket to get in is only $20..pricey drinks, rave not a big fun, walked in and had a couple of drinks walked out of the club disappointed :(
4	Went on Halloween when Jermaine Dupri was DJing. (I'm a huge fan of him)Getting in is very easy if you use a promoter (e.g. skipped the general admission line, got in for free with my group consisting of 2 guys and 2 girls, ladies received a voucher for 1 free drink up to $15.) Otherwise, it's $30-50 to get in. Bouncers outside the club are respectful and professional.Once inside, you're met with a large running waterfall as the backdrop. Beautiful interior. Restrooms are very clean and have very courteous attendants. The clubbing experience here was an absolute BLAST. Music was mostly hip-hop this night, LOTS OF BASS. Loved it. The club was filled mostly with people in their 20s and 30s. The fact that Jermaine Dupri was DJing made my night! Great job, Tryst!Drinks are typical Vegas price. $17 for an AMF. $12 for a cranberry vodka.NEGATIVES:-0.5 STARS for having Jermaine Dupri show up late (~1:15 am). He was scheduled to be there starting at 10 pm. The DJing subbing for him before he arrived was still good, though.-1 STAR for the overly aggressive bouncers INSIDE the club. My friends and I were dancing right in front of the DJ and stayed behind the velvet rope the entire time. Suddenly and arbitrarily, the bouncers decided everyone was too close to the DJ and aggressively SHOVED everyone back (both guys and girls). When it's a packed dancefloor, YOU DO NOT PUSH PEOPLE AROUND. I saw girls fall down because of these bouncers pushing them, drinks were spilled. Very disrespectful to your patrons.In the end, it's not the best club in Vegas, but a very solid choice. Just go when your favorite DJ is playing here, and you'll have a great time!
5	Our favorite club in Vegas! My two friends and I went on a Thursday night... the guestlist line was professional and ran smoothly. We were in the club with our free drink tickets within minutes of arriving. I liked the concept of the tables with bottle service being accessible to everyone, we made friends with a group of guys our age and danced for hours. The waterfall inside the club was a cool touch and the DJ played a great mix of songs to dance to - hip hop, rap, pop, etc. We'll be back to Tryst next Vegas trip.
4	Not the best club in Vegas but it is definitely a great place party if there is a specific event going on there. It's not that big of a club but if you're looking for a great place to go clubbing then this is a good spot.
4	My friends and I were in town for a bachelorette party (as were 95% of the people we met), and the night we spent at Tryst was the most fun I've had in a while.We got in for free on a club promoter's list with a few free drink vouchers each for all 8 of us. It was exactly how I had imagined a Las Vegas club to be: it has a fun and suggestive name, fog, flashing lights, beautiful people, great music, and, to top it off, a view of a waterfall right next to the dance floor.Simple mixed drinks were about $14 each. You didn't have to wait long to get one. There are tables for bottle service surrounding the dance floor and in another room next to it (brighter and quieter,  if you'd rather talk and see who you're talking to). My friends and I had a blast, and I have no complaints about Tryst whatsoever. It's a nice place without being too pretentious. I'll definitely visit again the next time I'm in town!
1	Disappointed with this club!! It's like XS but smaller and people aren't even dancing! I also dislike how this and XS plays nothing but EDM!! It's like a couple of clubs play HIp Hop, I think it's a Vegas thing honestly.
4	The four stars is for the layout it was amazing!! I'm from Texas and we just don't see places like this or this big! I love that it wasn't too packed there was room to walk and dance. They had an awesome stage to dance on in the VIP area. Their are tons of VIP sections that all range in size. We were also free because we are locals. You do have to have your Vegas ID though. Don't know about drink prices though because I was only there for about 45 minutes or so. The DJ was dope! Definitely say come here for a good time!
1	Tryst is an attractive and "pretty" nightclub but management and security are horrible and they are liars.  I took a group to Las Vegas this past Labor Day.  I bought a table and was told about a deal but I had to bring at least 10 people.  I did.  When I got there, I discovered that the table we had could not accommodate all of us.  Only about 4 people could sit, 4 very thin people.  I was told that it was "club seating" and that we should not have expected to all be able to sit.  That's why we bought the table - nobody buys a table so that they can stand.  That's the whole point of getting a table!  When I first asked to have the manager come over before giving up the seat they said belonged to the neighboring table, security threatened to kick me out if I didn't stand immediately. We were treated like shit enough that a few of us left after already having paid $100 each for this table.Don't buy a table if you have more than 4 people in your party and don't expect any help or decency from this staff of assholes.
2	Disappointed with the new years experience at this club... drinks were overpriced, coat check was full at 10pm, first dj was good, Jermaine Dupri played same songs as first dj - he should have played more old school dance music - obviously he did not survey the crowd. Bruno came at 2am and stayed for for about 15 mins and sang 2 songs. The speakers were awful. The place was oversold and when we left there were still people waiting to get in even some with VIP tables - ridiculous! The club is beautiful but if you are looking for a great experience unless you have the $$$ for a VIP table find another club. Happy New Years!
1	Disappointed w NYE experience too. The staff, acting as tough dudes, need a chill pill.    Freezing night outside so needed extra gear to get to venue then told couldn't check it in. Place was oversold and super crammed. First dj was good but felt they overplayed the Bruno bit, for a 15 min gig at 2am apparently (which we missed). Venue itself is cool as it is open to the outside.
1	This club gave us a very disappointing New Year's Eve experience.  The bouncer guys treated us like kids in school & acted like Nazis maintaining us in lines & behind chain gates which they opened & closed at will & let us through as if they were doing us a huge favor rather than treating us with the courtesy they should have afforded us as the paying customers that we were. They wouldn't  allow us in with bags & told us to check them at the bell desk of the hotel. The hotel wouldn't check our bags & so we ping-ponged back & forth between the surly bouncers & the bell desk until the bell desk took pity  on us & checked our bags. The advertised "host" Bruno Mars, did not make an appearance before midnight so we left without seeing him, which was the reason we went and why we were prepared to pay the $100.00 cover charge.  Very misleading advertising which constituted misrepresentation in my humble opinion & if I was wealthy & litigious I would be talking to counsel as we speak.
1	HORRIBLE experience. Bad DJ didn't know how to transition from one song to the next. Huge gaps between the music and he wouldn't stop talking the entire time. SHUT UP. People wanna dance. One bar in the tiny little place. Ridiculous. Had a security guard sexually harass my friend. WTF DUDE. You are suppose to be looking out. Too crowded for such a small venue. No outside area for people to smoke so everyone was lighting up on the dance floor...smart. Drunk bitches lighting people on fire.NEVER GOING BACK
1	This place straight up sucks!! Never go here for NYE!! Bruno mars hosting?? yea right!! he was there for 10 minutes and left!! they overbooked everything!! the fire marshall should of shut this placed down on how crowded it was!!Now we know next time NO TRYST for us!!!
1	Shitty staff, and the worst drink prices in Vegas. Don't go... it's really just not worth it.
1	Well when you are there for New Year's Eve and it's overbooked and you can't move and you miss Bruno Mars cause he comes on at 230 in morning for like 10 mins when they market this and sell tickets as him hosting event.  FTC should look into this shady club!  Send me my money back.
5	It feels like it's always ladies night at Tryst, so many hot babes everywhere. i LOVE VEGAS! Top of the line entertainment, decor and experience.
5	Tryst's beautiful decor was made even better with hip beats. There's a magnificent waterfall as the central backdrop. The service and staff were above accommodating and friendly.
