1	This store gives Marshalls a bad name.  It's a very sad, frustrating experience.  Half the pants and shirts in the men's department are mislabeled.  The hanger says one size, while the tag on the garment (which is correct) always says something else.  If I had to hazard a guess, I'd estimate 50% to 60% of the clothes are incorrectly labeled and in the wrong size section.That said, there are still periodic good finds in both dressy and casual.  If you haven't been to a Marshalls before, they are a resale store and you'll find designer brands marked very low.  But don't go if you're in a hurry or you'll want to murder half the people in the store.  You really have to dig to find what you want.  Also the checkout line at this store can be outrageous.  Even if it's not long, the staff here always look like they're on the verge of a meltdown.  I would visit once a week just to see what's new if it wasn't such an ordeal.  This Marshalls just makes me miss Filene's Basement.Update: The last two times I've been, there have been very (I mean really!) loud crashing noizes each time.  I think the current manager has taken on the habit of knocking over displays he doesn't like.  It's quite dramatic, the whole store turns around to look. I think I'm going to avoid this one for a few months.
3	You have to be in the right mood and mindset to go to Marshall's. Like Jason L. said, you have to dig to find what you want. I was not in the right mood when I headed there this afternoon. My friend had raved about the shoe selection there, so I decided to go take a look. I've been searching for some boots or wintery shoes. The shoe selection was all right, though not amazing. It had good variety and pretty good prices. Then I started to look through the clothes, but I just couldn't handle the crowds of people and all the digging it would take to eventually find something. Given how tight everyone's budget is, Marshall's is probably a good, cheap place to look for Christmas presents this year. Ugh. The parking garage there is designed terribly. And that's not a good combination with Charlotte's horrid, oblivious drivers. There are so many near-accidents and it's only time before something horrible happens there.
4	This Marshalls is great for dresses and accessories! I loved shopping here, when I lived in Charlotte. They always have a wide variety of dresses and you will always get a good deal. A large portion of my closet is from this Marshalls and everything I've bought from there is still in great shape.
3	I like this Marshall's, because it's easy and convenient in its location. Right near Trader Joe's, Target and Best Buy, so it's hard not to include it when I head out to shop with the wife in the area. Everything is usually easy to find, though it's all a mess lie most Marshall's. The selection is average and not as extensive as the one in Cotswold, but again for the location, it's convenient. Never really asked for help so I can't comment on the service, but you can usually find what you need at a great price if you're willing to dig around for it.
4	Welcome home new (drastically discounted) designer handbag. Thank you Marshall's!As others have said, this is a smaller store with less variety than the Cotswold location. I have to add that with a little bit of patience and persistence, you can find a great deal at this Marshall's as well. I've come to this store if the Cotswold location is out of my size in a particular shoe - it's great to have two stores within a short drive of each other.Ladies, if you're looking for spring or summer dresses, this store JUST stocked up. There are lots of bright Calvin Klein or Nine West dresses in a variety of sizes. It's much less picked over than the Cotswold location. Stop by quick before this one is picked over as well!As for parking - if you must park in the attached deck, enter by the Trader Joe's (and not by the Best Buy). Alternately, park on the bottom floor of the Target deck. In all reality, it all comes down to which direction you take to leave the parking deck and head home - turning left at the intersection of Best Buy / Target / Wendy's is near impossible any day or time. I would love for the city to put a traffic light here! A girl can dream, right?
4	So glad they built a Marshalls near uptown! It's so great to have a decent, inexpensive place to shop for clothes and home items. I've found some great deals here on really cute tops and dresses. This location doesn't have as many items as the Marshalls in Cotswold or Matthews, but it's still a pretty decent selection of items. What really makes me happy is how clean the store is. The lighting is perfect so you can see exactly what you're purchasing.
2	Generally, I adore Marshalls because they have a little of everything and they have it cheap, but after a few tries I just can't get behind this store. I don't usually hit up the clothing department, I'm an accessories and housewares gal, but the few times I have were underwhelming. Sure, if i stopped and dug in elbows-deep for a few hours I'm sure I could find a gem or two, but I just don't care enough to look through all the mostly junk.The shoe clearance section, usually my favorite, has a habit of having every shoe except the mate to the one I want to buy. And as for deals, lets just say you aren't going to score a super find.  The same goes for the handbag section.Really I guess it just comes down to an overwhelming feeling of being underwhelmed. I know Marshalls can do better, and this little hidden location isn't shinning.
3	Convenience is key for this Marshall's. Need a frying pan on the cheap? How about some nice leather gloves? Or maybe a yoga mat? Yes, this is your typical Marshalls - often a bit of a mess, requiring a fair amount of "digging" for treasure, but still clean and brightly lit. I've nabbed a few scores here over the years, but nothing to really write home about - some decent polos for hubs, scarves for grandmas, pretty picture frames, cute sandals, etc. The women's clothing department leaves a lot to be desired but the athletic gear area is decent.While it's definitely not the best Marshalls in Charlotte, it'll do for a quick, inexpensive gift on the fly.
4	I enjoy visiting this location as it has just the right size clothes for me...The Big & Tall section. I am big, but not tall, but this store is one of just a few that carry the sizes that I wear. With a great location, I can multi task, by visiting the local stores in the same complex, and make my trip downtown worthwhile.  It has ample parking, plenty of deals, and best of all, my size.If you find that some of the other Marshalls don't have what you are looking for, give this location a try as it is slightly different.From Lucky Brand Jeans, to Ralph Lauren, Tommy and others, this is a designers showcase, even in larger sizes.NCFoodGuy
4	I have been to this Marshalls a handful of times, and I must say that the people who work here are so extremely friendly. The woman who works in the fitting rooms is the most courteous and sweet woman (Usually, the attendants are grumpy and unhappy). I was asked numerous times if there was anything that I needed help finding, and overall I had a great experience ! I would definitely go again!
4	so many cheap things that I don't need!
3	I usually am a fan of Marshalls, but not so much this time.  I only stopped by here for convenience really.  When I walked in, it looked pretty standard.  I was surprised to see more of clutter everywhere though.  When I was browsing the shoes, I noticed that some of the shoes were located at the wrong price shelves, giving false advertising.  The selections at this location were very slim.  Usually I can get lost in Marshalls for a long time, but this time, it was more of a 10 minute browse.  I would only stop by here really for convenience.  There are other better Marshalls out there.
3	This location is close to it all! Just park your car in the garage and walk from one main store to the next...and Marshall's is a great place to browse. Recently I've been introduced to Marshall's and I've scored great deals on items I had no idea I "needed." I've made a couple stops since then and the plan is to not have anything in particular in mind when you go and then you'll leave happy with something in hand. It's a clean and well stocked store. I don't see many employees assisting customers, but then again it's not like many of us need help if we don't have anything in mind. Bring your own bag or you can buy one of theirs to reuse.
3	So I had some time to kill while in the midtown section of Charlotte and was wandering around aimlessly in the MET.   Pleasantly surprised with this Marshalls location (above Best Buy).  I liked taking the escalator up and the store seemed to materialize out of nowhere - I am always amazed how big stores can get put into tight spaces.The store is super clean and fairly organized - the staff was friendly and kept asking if I needed help finding anything, but I told them I was just browsing around.  Pretty typical Marshalls stock inside the store... it did seem like they carried more housewares than the other Marshalls stores in the Charlotte area.
2	Smallest Marshalls that I've ever been in. I am always amazed at how this chain manages to stay in business and be profitable. I mean, is this the first place you think of to get a suitcase or a cover for your iPad or a tub of salty/sweet popcorn? Probably not. I think of Marshalls and I'm thinking semi-name brand clothes and shoes. All of that, they have in spades.Brightly lit with fluorescents (since the entrance is inside the parking deck) and a very shiny floor, the clothes racks are well separated and decently stocked. Prices are okay - not great but not excessive. And the selection is pretty good.If you need a nice outfit or a rollaboard suitcase, give 'em a shot.
4	I love the mirrors on all the pillars. It gives me a chance to try on jackets and some shirts out in the open and see how they look without having to change in the dressing room. :D
