5	The UPS Store is one of those places where I'm willing to go and pay a little more money for a service (in this case, packing and shipping items to be mailed) because it's just *that* much more convenient, hassle-free, and streamlined than the cheaper alternative (in this case, the illustrious U.S. Post Office). Sorry, Uncle Sam!Pretty much every year in December, we go to the UPS Store to buy packing materials and ship all of our gifts to relatives and friends who live out of town. Even though Ground is not nearly as cost-effective as USPS' Priority Mail service, the friendliness of the employees, shorter lines, and packing services take a little edge off of the already-stressful holiday season. This location is brand-new and definitely does not disappoint. The employees are really helpful and amiable and parking is a breeze. After visiting my parents in LA last weekend, I accidentally took my mom's extra set of house keys home with me (oops!). Instead of going to the closest post office (on 7th Street), which was nightmarish last time I went on a weekday afternoon, I just drove the few minutes to the UPS store, grabbed a quick-seal envelope, filled out the shipping form, paid, and was on my way 7-8 minutes later. No long lines, no hassle. Just quick and easy shipping. Totally worth the extra $4 I paid for the box and cost difference between Ground and Priority Mail.
5	I was only going to write a 4-star review because of the area of town this is in, but what earned the fifth star was really the helpfulness of the folks working there. For me, stopping by a store like this means I'll pay a premium for the convenience, and that is what I got, and a little bit more. They didn't balk at the volume of my stuff, or the number of loose items I also wanted them to package. These folks are professionals at what they do, and that's why we pay the price for something they're good at. They even threw in a discount code for the packaging cost. Good folks.
1	If your using the computer first minute is $2 and the rest is $.20 a minute I think. So I went in today just to print which is 10 cents a page. I just needed to print though the cashier told me I still have to pay for usage of the computer. I was on the computer for 30 secs and he charged me for a full minute. So basically I paid $2.20 just to print out a page. I only had to print out a page I had my document on a flash drive. I didn't use the internet or edit anything I just inserted my USB waited for it to pop up and opened the document and click print. Still I got charged for using the computer. SMH
