3	Frabrick offers professional printing services on T-shirts. They have a huge selection of pre-made designs and also can accommodate your own design, and print on a quite large selection of T-shirts in lots of colours. They can also cater for groups, bands, uni society's all at reasonable prices (reasonable still being overpriced for tshirts but they are "individual" now aren't they!).However, my friend and I came here to get a T-shirt printed with a photo on as a joke for a friend. The guy was obviously new and had no idea what he was doing and kept messing up either the photo quality or the T-shirt. He tried selling us something which resembled nothing to the photo and we politely asked he would try again. He was polite though and didn't insist and in the end we got what we wanted. Other than this small incidence it's a decent T-shirt printing business in town, complete with witty logos and designs on offer.
4	Great a service as this little shop is, I can't help but think it's best suited to the "wacky" guy from the office who compensates for his lack of personality by wearing a t-shirt designed to initiate conversation. A classic example of this is the unwittingly hilarious "If being sexy is a crime, then arrest me" I saw on one young casanova.Credit must go where credit's due however, as the clothes on sale in Fabrick look approximately one hundred times better than custom-printed t-shirts would elsewhere, with proper graphics and some very striking fonts.I pondered the idea of doing t-shirt printing a few years back. After racking my brains all I could come up with was a print of a Lego Adolf Hitler, smiling away with a watering can in hand. In hindsight, I probably shouldn't have been surprised that it failed to take off, and perhaps I'll leave it to the professionals in future.
4	If you're looking for a funny, funky or just a plain bit odd t-shirt, this is your place.They have a large selection of pre-printed 'quirky' t-shirts in varying sizes, colours and styles - all of which make reference to popular culture, films, sayings, music etc.More-over, you can design and print your own from a huge range of stencils and ''pre-prepared-customisable'' tee's. I had a t-shirt printed for a friend, it was pretty cheap and the results were great. It wasnt the quickest service I'd ever had - but we are talking about  printing t-shirts here I guess, and not photocopying or whatever. I'm pretty sure Fabrick also does prints on hoodies, which is quite cool.
4	The sister shop to Swish, Fabrick is a print shop and studio that sells fun tee shirts, sweaters and bags. You can take in your own design, choose from one of the many on display or ask the staff to customize one using their selection of fonts, stencils, styles and images. Old movies, TV shows, bands and cartoon characters seem to be the most popular with the odd cheeky and provocative slogan like Justice For Gingers. American Apparel and Fruit of The Loom products are available in a variety of sizes from 0 to X-Large and Fabrick offer serious discounts if you buy in bulk. Just be prepared for the staff to roll their eyes in horror if you opt for something to do with a stag or hen party!
