5	The days of being dragged to Sears by your mother in ugly sweaters and suffering for two hours only to wait a month to get your photos back are over. This is an excellent place to get portraits for your kids or for the whole family, and they make some pretty impressive use of technology to make a great experience for everyone.How it works: You show up and you are assigned a photographer who will work with you for different poses, different outfit changes, and so on. They are very good with children and I've seen them wrangle some pretty difficult little kids into great poses and happy smiles. They are good with older kids as well and know how to have everyone laughing. They even had my 18-year-old giggling. After they take tons of photos, they load them all up on a computer and guide you through the process of picking and discarding various photos. It sounds overwhelming, but they show them in groups of three and it's very manageable. They also edit and crop them on the fly, which is really neat to watch. After you've narrowed down your selection somewhat, they begin explaining what packages are available and what options you can pick.After the first round of eliminations, you will still have photos amounting to $500-$600, since each pose is $20 and comes with 3 sheets of photos. This is where you have to be careful--keep thinning out the poses until you have the number you want and are happy with the amount you are spending. Their system is pretty ingenious, since you don't pick which photos you want--you pick which photos you DON'T want. As such, it's easy to end up with too many. Just remember to keep eliminating them until you have what you want.You will then have all your prints along with a CD of digital versions of each photo, if your package included that, within 30 min. Pretty amazing.Ask for Amber H. -- she's the best!
3	It's always a project coming here. No matter what time your appointment is you will sit there for at least 30-45 mins before its your turn. Then when you are done with your pictures you usually wait another 20 mins or so until a computer opens up. Once you finally get to sit down its another 20 - 30 mins waiting for them to go through all their packages. Even when you tell them you only want one picture if one pose they still make you sit through all the packages. The pictures come out good, but the while experience is a drawn out hassle.
3	These guys take great pictures and the selection process of which pictures to buy is very easy.  However, every time I have gone (about 3 times) they are running way behind schedule.  They need to learn to either book less appointments OR if they are running behind then call us to let us know to come in an hour later.  The last time I went, we had a 2pm appointment.  We noticed they were backed up so we told them we would go grab a bite to eat and come back.  They told us to be back by 2:30.  We were...and then 3pm rolled around and we still hadn't been seen yet.  I think we finally left the place around 5pm.  I liked the end result but I really hadn't expected to give up 3 hours of my life.  And I was only getting pictures taken of my 2 kids.  You'd think that they would realize that kids take better pictures when they haven't been sitting bored for a long time.
1	Terrible, terrible, terrible. We made an early morning Saturday appointment and arrived 5 minutes before our scheduled time. 10 minutes passed, and then 20, and then 30, each time the sales associate said "just 5 or 10 minutes". After 30 minutes, we finally asked how many people were in front of us, and they told us 4-5. Needless to say, we left immediately, having just wasted a half hour of my life, not to mention to the time get all dressed up !Come one, what's the point of making an appointment if you can't in within a half hour of the appointment time ! It was early Saturday morning, so how it is possible to get so far behind in appointments so quickly, if not through sheer incompetence. If I was running a "production line" photography studio (basically what this place is), I would think I would have a pretty damn good idea of how long a shoot takes and schedule appointments accordingly.Reading the other reviews, it seems as if this is a continuing problem with this location.Stay far away from this place if you value your time...
