5	There's an authentic ramen place in Las Vegas! I was really impressed with Monta Noodle House. Their menu is very simple and short. I tried the Tonkotsu Ramen and it was delicious! All this pork fatty goodness in the broth and the noodles were perfectly cooked not too soggy not too hard. You can add an egg, pork, corn, more noodles or green onions for a couple more bucks. It's a small place which only fits about 26 people max, but it definitely is the best place for ramen. The broth is not from a package and I think this is what makes it oh so delicious. We added eggs to ours, but I wasn't that huge of a fan. The egg was too "raw" for me, but the bf loved it.  The bf also ordered the mini mentaiko bowl, which is rice with cod roe. I didn't try it, but he liked it and the eggs are a lil more fishy than masago. Definitely coming back for more and be prepared to be a lil sweaty when you eat!
5	Hakata style Ramen originates in northern Kyushu.  It is in my opinion the best ramen you can get, with maybe Kurume being at the same level.Start with a thick pork broth made with boiled pork bones to release the collagen into the soup.  Next, add some of the best noodles I've ever tasted.  throw on some basic toppings like roast pork, green onions, mushrooms and bamboo, and that's your standard bowl.  They also have one with miso.The menu here is very simple.  There are the two bowls of Ramen, and additional toppings, then there are a few small rice dishes (mostly fried rice with some topping), and pot stickers.Everything is amazing, be it service, staff, taste, decor.  There is not a good enough rating to describe this place.Come on in today, and look for them next to Raku, and say hello to your new favorite restaurant.
4	Dropped by today after Googling ramen in Las Vegas and eventually found this new ramen-ya on Spring Mountain (it is in the same plaza as Raku).  Read the raving positive reviews posted on Google and also by Rod M., and I decided that I will resume my thus far unsuccessful search for a decent or better ramen place in Las Vegas.After driving in the still very warm heat to the restaurant, I saw about 6 Asians standing or sitting outside the restaurant.  I was thinking, damn word sure got out fast for these Vegas Yelpers, but it turns out that they weren't waiting for this particular eatery.Anyway, I went in and immediately saw that it is a very cozy and nicely decorated (I would describe it as very modern Japanese minimalist) restaurant with seating for 18 at the tables, and another 10 at the bar.  There is a small board hanging on the wall, on the right as you enter the restaurant, listing a few specials items not on their very simple menu (see the photo that I have uploaded).I decided to order their Tonkotsu "pork bone" Ramen and add a side of Nitamago (hard boiled egg seasoned with soyu).  The ramen was prepared in a very clean and small kitchen, which you can clearly see if you are seated at the bar.  The ramen was served in an average size bowl, not small but definitely not large and probably just right for most people.  The broth was piping hot, the noodle cooked just right, and garnished with a small mound of green onions and two thin slices of their melt in your mouth chashu. I first tried the broth, which has a good depth of pork flavor and not too salty or greasy or water down like at some of the other local ramen places that I have tried on the East side of town.  The noodle was the thin variety, which is not my preference, but it was cooked just right.  Overall, it was a good bowl of ramen and definitely the best I have had in Las Vegas. But to Jeff and my other ramen connoisseur friends, it is not as good as the really awesome and highly regarded ramen served at Santouka Ramen (Torrance, California) or Santa Ramen (San Mateo, CA), but still worth a try when you guys are in town.I also ordered a Mini Mentaiko Bowl, which was served with a decent amount of rice.  Mentaiko rice bowl is nothing special, and not difficult to prepared, but it was delicious because it was made with fresh and quality ingredients.The staff were very friendly and the waitress, Megumi, was very attentive.  It wasn't busy at the time of my visit (just one other customer who was already there before I arrived), but I can see that this place starts to get more crowded as word spread of their good quality soupy goodness for a reasonable price.Tonkotsu Ramen $6.95+ Nitamago           $1.50Mini Mentaiko Bowl  $2.95To the owner(s):  I recommend that you consider adding chicken karaage to the menu or as a special.
5	I went here on a recommendation from a work friend.  I am blown away by this place.  It is like the holy grail from Tanpopo.  This movie is amazing and it's about foodie ramen culture in Japan.  They are as authentic as it comes.  Just like the movie, the ramen is cooked al dente, the pork slices are placed carefully, the soup is hot and the broth is flavorful.  All the toppings are there and we were so excited we replicated a part of Tanpopo when the zen ramen master mindfully eats his ramen.  I knew this place was it when I ate everything and drank the broth to the bottom of the bowl.  The soft boiled eggs are a must.This place is amazing and the menu is simple and they just added the shoyu ramen which is by far my favorite.the shoyu ramen is light broth not overly salty, the tonkatsu is very meaty and flavorful and they use a different noodle.  I prefer the ramen noodles that come with the miso ramen though.  The miso ramen is delicious but, a little to salty (but, authentic for japanese taste)I wouldn't get their gyoza again.  pretty generic and expensive.the ramen is cheap coming in at under $7 for the tonkatsu and $8 for the miso.This place is damn good.  I went their for dinner and was so impressed I went back for lunch again the next day driving all the way from Henderson.  Monta is pretty authentic looking and I hope it does well because I love little hole in the wall gems.
3	The Skinny: pretty good Hakata styled ramen (2.75), efficient service (3), value - really good... only $6.95 for a good ramen pick-me-up (4).Tried this place because my hubby needed a big bowl of warm Japanese love after working all day and because of the Yelp reviews. We were super excited to see that this place specializes in Hakata-style pork broth ramen.Hmmm... well... so far, it's one of the best bowl of ramen we've had in Vegas (but that doesn't necessarily say much). There is certainly a good amount of porky flavour in the broth... but not enough to make it really stand up  on its own (ie, make me want to drink the whole bowl and wonder if I can ask for more).  Also, there is a hint of the distinctive earthy shitake mushroom which does take away from the flavour of the pork.The noodles are classic tonkotsu ramen noodles but they lacked the nice chew of others we've tried. The chashu was okay - a little on the fatty side, mildly tough but great flavour.Overall, it's not bad, it's closer than LA (which has some really great ramen establishments), and pretty good value for your money.
4	Finally.  A shop in Las Vegas specializing in Japanese Ramen and Monta does it quite well.  Great space, simple and clean with a counter overlooking the kitchen.The menu is straightforward.. two types of ramen, TONKOTSU Ramen and MISO Ramen.  Then there are a few extra topping options such as a flavored soft boiled egg, and cha-shu.  In addition, they have a few rice dishes like the pork belly bowl, chashu bowl and a mentaiko bowl. The TONKOTSU RAMEN is really good.  The pork broth/soup has great flavor... dense, rich , almost creamy.  "Umai" would be the Japanese expression to describe this taste.  The "men"  (noodles) were thin, typical of this style of ramen.. but I would've liked them to be a bit more hard or al dente as the italians would call it.  The cha-shu was good too.  Hope everyone is excited to welcome this great new ramen shop to this city as much as I am..
5	Who reins supreme in ramen in Vegas?  Monta Ramen!  I've been dreaming about a fantastic ramen-ya in Vegas for years ever since trying greats like Daikokuya in LA.  Finally, the time has come and we can have a legit ramen-ya in Las Vegas.The place is in a small suite that is simply and tastefully decorated, and I think that is reflected in its menu where it is also simple.  They only concentrate on a ramen and a few side dishes.  To me, I think that is a sign of a great restaurant.Breaking it down =)1.  Tonkotsu Ramen - True to its description, the soup was hearty, full flavored porky fatty goodness!  The chashu was not for the fatty-faint of heart.  These fatty bad boys had a flavorful full fat ring around the slice.  I also think the takenoko (bamboo shoots) and kikurage (black fungus) added a nice contrast of crunch and earthy flavors.  I agree with other yelpers that the noodle is good, but I would prefer a more al dente touch.  Regardless, I slurped up the entire bowl of noodles like a professional Japanese business man.  The. Entire. Bowl.  Slurp!2.  Gyoza - Nothing too fantastic.  I think half of them lacked the critical yummy juice factor because the skin had popped when frying them.Conclusion:  Bomb-tastic hole in the wall ramen-ya in Vegas.  Just based on ramen alone = 5 stars!
4	This place was sooo hard to find because they had no sign.  If my friend didn't tell me it was right next to Raku I wouldn't have found it.  It was worth it though.  Much like In-n-Out there is a very small menu but the quality and simplicity made up for it.  I am a fan!
4	The noodles were definitely decent in Vegas. We tried the tonkatsu and miso ramen.Miso ramen was too salty for me. Miso is such a strong taste that you should not have that first before you tried the tonkatsu one. The noodles they used for this was perfect(it was the ramen noodles)! Tonkatsu ramen was really tasty. The pork melted in your mouth. So good! The fungus gave the ramen a crunchy/texture to it! You always want to have some sort of bamboo in your ramen, which they did! The only thing I thought was missing was the noodles. They served mines with the thin noodles. I preferred to have my ramen with ramen noodles! I don't know if they are out of those ramen noodles or that's what they served but I'll have to request that next time. Yes, there will be a next time! :) Overall, it was pretty delish!
5	Oh yay! I still love Monta! I've been back three times since my first review. Tonight was the first time I tried the Miso Ramen. Let me tell you, it was delicious! The noodles were actually ramen and the soup was a lil sweet. It was definitely not a disappointment at all. I can't wait for the winter, when its ramen eating weather! However, there was a weird smell inside but other than that the food was still awesome.
4	I'm new to the world of authentic ramen. Ever since my cousin suggested I watch a silly little film called Ramen Girl, I've been wanting to give it a try. I thought I would have to go to NYC or LA to get my Ramen fix, so I was completely stoked when I heard about this place through a friend.From the existing reviews, it sounded like I needed to try the Tonkotsu Ramen. I'm glad I did because it was absolutely delicious. The broth is amazing and all the ingredients worked together to provide a satisfying ramen experience. Of course, I had to add egg because that's just my thing.My cousin also ordered a Mini Pork Belly Bowl. The pieces of meat looked like bacon, but they were soft and tender. It's a delicious side dish that complemented the hot bowl of soup. I will definitely return.
4	Yummy mcyummsters!!
4	Thank you fellow Yelper"s for helping me find my new favorite ramen restaurant in Las Vegas Monta Noodle House. The place is a hole in the wall place and has only been in business for a month now, but don't let that hold ya back! The place is clean with awesome service. I went with the Tonkotsu Ramen that's the BOMB! The soup is so tasty and pork is perfectly cooked. The ramen is as good if not better then some of the ramen joints in So Cal. I'll definitely be returning here in the future.
4	I went asap after reading Mike C's review!  This is by far the best ramen I've had in Vegas but this would maybe only be a 3 star place if it were located in Japan. Its certainly a 4+ star place in LV.  We both got the tonkotsu ramen which was pretty good although more miso-y than I expected.  I got the extra chashu which was great and pretty different than other chashu I've had as it had more of a roasted taste.  The gyoza was just ok.  My wife (Japanese) was disappointed w/ the quality of the noodles but we'll take what we can get outside of Japan.  This certainly beats the hell out of the prices of Yokohama Kaigenro and I am psyched its so close to my place.  I'm more of a shoyu ramen guy which is what I'll get next time.
4	A 3 star elsewhere but for LV a solid 4.  Worthy comfort food and a change from the other 5 star dining over a weekend of debauchery over the 4th of July.
5	Still going here every week if not more often.They finally have a sign up so they're a bit easier to spot.Anyway, I'm glad everyone else is liking this place.  I don't know why the bad reviews on the gyoza, because it's right up my alley.  And yes, they do use different noodles for the Tonkotsu ramen versus the others.  The tonkotsu ramen is Hakata style, and is known for the very thin, very delicious noodles.  They cook theirs a little more here than they do in Hakata, but it's still great.Anyway, having tried the miso ramen, I'd say give this one a shot too.  It's their tonkotsu soup with miso added to give it a rich nutty flavor that really sticks to your ribs.I also have to recommend the chahan (fried rice), it is super peppery and delicious.  Just the way I remember it from my highschool days in Japan.A second note.  Anything you don't like on your ramen, let them know.  I keep going with picky eaters (1 vegan, others just picky), and they've made a vegan kimchi chahan, as well as bowls of ramen with extra this, no that, whatever you ask for.As always, they're eager to please, and definitely worth seeing, so help Monta stay busy, and maybe even expand.  I would love to see more of these guys.
5	Having lived in OKinawa AND in mainland Japan, in Yokosuka... i'd like to think that I know a thing or two when in comes to Japanese Ramen. Before there was Monta, there were only two real places to get Ramen here in Vegas. One was Togoshi (which sadly had closed) and Kaigenro (which still has some pretty excellent ramen, BTW). Enter Monta...a fresh new take on a small niche market here in sin city. And let me tell you, after that first sip of the soup and the first snap of the fresh noodles, I was instantly transported back to Japan. Even for just a fleeting moment, I forgot all about the hustle and bustle of day to day life here and was "home" for the duration of a bowl or ramen. Their chashu is out of this world!  the menu is kept simple with three main variations of ramen: shoyu, miso, and tonkotsu...all of which are absolute trips back in time, like being back in Japan. Now only if they served beer...........
4	"Got Ramen?"My life has never been the same ever since I became lactose-intolerant. I've tried to substitute with soy milk to no avail. Now thanks to Monta, I can drink Tonkatsu broth all-day to get my nutrients! Yes, Tonkatsu broth, rich, creamy pork marrow. Served with slow roasted pork in pork fat. Topped with green onions. I wish I drank this growing up, I would have been 6 foot-tall and playing in the NBA. Instead, I'm short and pull people's teeth for a living. My one complaint, turn up the AC yo! It is HOT! I was sweating more than the pig I just ate. I was sweating like a hooker in church. Like junkie in withdrawal. Like Clinton next to an intern. Like a blonde reading a math book. Seriously Chuck Norris would complain that it's hot in there..
1	Before everyone gets carried away this started off as a strong 4 star review because I was stoked that we finally had decent ramen in Vegas. That other place Togoshi that closed down was not even remotely worth mentioning. I apologize but you people are really reaching. I'm not going to name drop, but there are GREAT ramen-ya in California and New York as well as some not so good ones in the mix. Monta....I was willing to over look a few things. Like the fact that it's 103 degrees outside at night and you have no working A/C. Also the faint smell of sewage doesn't really get your appetite going as you walk through the door. Let's serve a steaming hot bowl of ramen in the middle of the Las Vegas summer with no adequate ventilation except for some ceiling fans. Let's pretend I'm part Asian even part Japanese and I know something about food. Yes the food is decent and the ramen, pork belly and boiled egg, noodles are decent. Not the greatest but good enough that I would have returned. Prices are reasonable until you start getting extras. Our bill was $44.00 for the 2 of us. Pretty respectable check average for a small establishment. This is where I am not understanding how you could overlook simple customer service. I have reasonable expectations of decent food and decent service.... Whoever the arrogant F**K is that owns Monta: 1. This is not Japan 2. We live in the year 2010. 3. There are not enough Japanese here in Las Vegas a town dominated by the Chinese, Koreans, Vietnamese and every other nationality that you can afford to lose business. 4. Treat your customers better. 5. You might as well save some money and switch to walk-up counter service because that's about how useful your waitress was. It was not so much a lack of experience or lack of training issue, but more an arrogant I don't care it's not my job mentality and attitude. What? You don't think I saw this in Japanese restaurants 20 years ago? Even the Chinese have changed Mr. Bakatari and deliver with much more friendly and caring service. Is it that hard?? I ordered the tonkotsu ramen with tamago, extra pork and extra noodles. They serve the extra noodles on the side in a bowl and later I find out why. YES YES YES I know broth is costly, labor intensive and time consuming to make. But if you order XTRA noodles then the ration of broth to noodles should be proportional. It was not even close. I asked the waitress, Miss Personality very politely if I could have a little extra broth as I had a ton of extra noodles and no broth left. I'm not complaining, there wasn't that much broth to start with just enough for the regular order of noodles I was served. Answer was "no". No big deal I will pay for extra broth just a tiny bit, whatever you guys want to charge....fat sumo kitchen lackey is like f'****n way and again "no" then a half ass sorry as she is walking away. Honestly this is such a joke I've been to restaurants in LA and again NY that have the name and ability to be arrogant and pretentious yet the service is warm and hospitable. You can go to Naked Fish, owned and operated by Japanese, yet the service is outstanding.
5	Nice place!  They are always eager to please their customers.  The food is tasty.  I love the hiyashi chuka, kimchee fried rice, and an iced green tea.  I feel like such a fatty after walking away each time, but it's damn good food.  Will visit again and again.
5	After stumbling through various Japanese restaurants that serve decent bowls of ramen, I've finally found a place that specializes at it. In fact, it's pretty much all they serve. Their menu reminded me of an In-N-Out menu: You either order a tonkotsu ramen or a miso ramen. If you don't want ramen, there's fried rice and some basic Japanese apps. Not much in terms of variety. But, if this is what you're in the mood for, they do it great.I started off with an order of gyoza for an app. Simple stuff and what you'd expect. Nothing to write home about. Then, came the steamy bowl of tonkotsu ramen. The broth was a real winner here. A lot of places that I have tried never really got the broth quite right. This was one place where the flavor really hit the spot. Even though it's a scorching 100+ degrees outside, a routine stop for a bowl of ramen here is worth having. Next time I drop by, I will probably give their fried rice a shot.Monta is a tiny, quaint little place, though not very crowded when I went. It started out empty when we walked in, but started filling up as we were slurping up our noodles. I wouldn't expect a wait for a table, but I could see it happening if this place picks up in popularity.
4	One Saturday afternoon, I finally had a chance to try Ramen @Monta Noodle House. Right after I entered the noodle shop, all the employees were shouting loudly in Japanese usual expression in turn: Irasshaimase, Irasshaimase! I felt so welcomed :p So, I decided to try the 'Tonkotsu' with boiled egg since it was one of their special dishes & highly recommended by the server. She brought some of the minced garlic and pickled ginger with it.  Without hesitation, I put a little bit of garlic in the soup just because I love garlic so much :)  I could totally taste of very rich and milky pork bone broth in my mouth. The noodle was very thin and straight. One of the toppings that really stands out was the sliced pork, the 'Chashu'. It was very tender and soft. Overall, I was happy with the Tonkotsu Ramen but, I liked the Miso Ramen with lots of bean sprouts @Shuseki little better. If someone wants to try richness of the broth & the amount of oil they want, the Tonkotsu Ramen is the one... Next time, I still want to try their Kimchi Fried Rice & Cold(chilled) Noodle(Hiyashi-chuka). On my way out, I heard, " Arigatoh Gozaimashita!" Once again, they were thanking customers and I was pleased with the service @Monta!!!
3	After reading about Monta here on Yelp, I was in the general area on Sunday, 7/18/10, after learning another resto was closed on Sundays.THIS PLACE IS SMALL. It seats 26 people. So, depending on your group size, it may be a bit difficult to get everyone in. I got there at 2:15pm, and it was 114 degrees outside in the wonderful Las Vegas heat. Monya has -no- air conditioning, except for a single box fan near the front door. Which, by the way..does nothing but blow the freaking scorching air outside INSIDE. That really really sucks.How was the ramen, you wonder? It was good.  The rich tonkotsu broth was addictive, but the chashu was waay too thinly sliced for my liking. (but was very tasty) AWESOME marinated soft-boiled egg that will haunt my dreams for days to come.I was the only whitey there that afternoon, and my service was excellent. I sat at the counter, watched the chefs do their thang, and the shitty heat aside, I enjoyed my lunch there.It totally did remind me of the little ramen-ya's i've eaten at in Japan, tho. it was so small on the inside. The place was packed to full capacity (all 26 of us idiots eating boiling hot ramen on a boiling hot day in Vegas.)I will take my husband here, as I know he'll like the ramen. But, he'll hate the lack of air-conditioning, and the fairly limited menu items. Going across the street to Shuseki gives you so many more Japanese food choices that are great, plus the place is big and comfy inside.Kaigenro makes an awesome mabo ramen that beats all Vegas ramen.Good, but not the best ever.
4	On my first visit to the Monta (Ellis) Noodle House I had an inclination that it was worthy of four sexy stars. After eating here, I'm quite certain of that.Your not going to drive past it on Spring Mountain in case you think you missed it because it's all the way in the back of the plaza.  If your a Rameniac like myself.  This place is the new kid on the block and a must-try.  We know Las Vegas isn't exactly a hot-bed for ramen but Monta meets my needs.The Miso Ramen was delicious, it's probably one of the best in town. we waited 15 minutes, but definitely worth the wait. although many have first timers have said it wasn't worth.  Monta wouldn't stand a chance vs. some ramen spots I frequent in the Bay Area. But all of my friends and they were all asian said it couldn't be better.  The kikurage was yummy as well.  But stay away from the specials like the Kim-Chi Fried Rice.  But who the hell goes to a ramen house for fried rice?  Duh!
4	Hello, my name is Anthony, and I'm a ramen newbie.  Outside of the thirty cent packages you make at home, I've never had ramen at a proper restaurant until I went to Monta.  Boy, have I been missing out...The three main soups they offer are the tonkatsu, miso and shoyu broths.  I've had both the tonkatsu and miso soups and have enjoyed both, but don't understand why they have different noodles.  The miso has what I thought to be "traditional" ramen noodles, while the tonkatsu had a plain looking light colored noodle.  I like the tonkatsu broth, and the miso noodles; according to other Yelpers you can have them make your soup with that broth/noodle combination.  Just one more reason for me to go back!The pork that is served with the soup is like no other pork I've had before.  For the longest time the only time I would eat pork is if I were at a Vietnamese restaurant; now Monta joins that exclusive club.  The pork is very soft and I felt that the texture goes great with soup; however at my last visit another person in our group said that it should be more firm.  Like I said, I'm a ramen newbie, but for now I sure do love my Monta.
3	After all the hype that I've been hearing about monta, i finally got to try it.  This place is probably the best ramen house in vegas.  The noodles are very different and definitely not like any ramen you make at home.  The broth is my favorite and the best part to me.  I got the tonkatsu and you can really taste the pork flavoring in the soup.  They only give you 2 pieces of pork which was not enough for me since they were so tasty.  You can add an additonal 4 peices for 2.50 i believe, but if you do so, the whole thing will come out to around 10-11 bucks.  Which was a little pricey for what its worth.  Service was friendly but the restaurant didn't have AC and their fan didn't cut it with this 110 weather.I'll probably revisit this place in the winter 12039023 times but as for now, its WAAAY to hot to eat ramen.  It was hard debating between giving it a 3 or a 4.  If i could, id definitely rank it a 3.5, mainly because of the fact that its just ramen and it didn't make me wanting to come back for more.
5	Allright, I went back for lunch today to Monta. It was 3:45 in the afternoon, and it wasen't busy like last Sunday. Therefore, it wasen't as ungodly hot and stifling inside as it was last time.I ate the whole bowl of ramen AGAIN. I have begun to really grasp just WHAT makes the tonkotsu ramen so good. It's savory and not overly salty. In fact, it's UN-ramen-like in that regard. (OK, i'll admit to normally eating a shoyu-based one many many times) The broth is actually a bit creamy (VERY addictive) and the stuff inside the bowl is tops.Can I tell you how much IN LOVE with the marinated boiled/almost soft egg in it, AKA nitamago? It's so damn great! If you like hardboiled or softboiled egg, you'll love it I guarantee.I have to try the fried rice and their gyoza. They smell very very good, but I have to have more people with me to get it all eaten! When the weather cools down, i'm going to be here LOTS!BTW, they have a VERY funky restroom!
3	I read about this restaurant on Yelp and was very excited to find a good ramen place. As all the other Yelpers mentioned, it is VERY warm in the restaurant so be prepared! The whole restaurant only fits about 26 people but we were lucky we were the only customers.I went with my boyfriend and I ordered the tonkatsu ramen w/ egg and he had the miso w/ corn, egg & extra chashu. Even in the heat I definitely enjoyed the ramen. The broth was very savory and delicious. The chashu was very soft and also very flavorful. I would definitely order the extra chashu next time we go there. I've never had corn in my ramen before (except for the american cuponoodles) but it added a nice crunch to the dish and sweetness.The service was good but just be careful with your bill there. This was the first time we went there and they rang up 3 cokes instead of 2. After the transaction was completed she had corrected it by giving us cash back for the misrung item. After leaving the restaurant and being a day later, we came to realized the server charged his debit card TWICE for the meal as well. So not only did they rang up extra items on our tab but they charged the transaction TWICE.Keep in mind that we were the only people in the restaurant as well so it wasn't like it was very busy. Overall I was happy with the meal, just will keep in mind to pay cash and triple check the tab from now on.
5	What a great place. The Tonkotsu was delicious and that boiled egg made it all work together. How they get the broth to have so much body and soul is beyond me but it make for so really delicious Ramen. Go at night as its not so hot AC seems to be broke but go because its delicious.
4	This noodle-house is one of the hottest businesses in Las Vegas. (Yeah, like LV is not hot enough!)But the thing is, "I'm definitely not a Ramen-guy!" Because I'm not contented with just noodles, flavored broth, diced meat and/or vegetables in a bowl. It's been a LONG while since I've had a bowl of Ramen....even before 9/11 to be exact (yeah, that long).  I met up with a bunch of friends in Las Vegas and each of us ordered one of the restaurant's tasty Ramen Noodle. I ordered the Chashu and Tonkatsu Ramen Noodle Bowl. For $6.95, it's not a bad price and had slices of Chashu and noodles in a flavorful Miso soup. The soup/meal was actually pretty good and comforting. This bowl of soup would definitely warm me up in a cold winter night in San Francisco. I got my ramen soup very fast and the service was also good.Friends used credit cards for their meals. But I paid my meal in cash.
4	I'm happy to finally see a decent Ramen place in Las Vegas.I honestly did not miss the closure of Togoshi as it seemed to have gone down hill over the years.It appears that all of the negative reviews have resulted form misguidance and/or ignorance of some reviewers in terms of their experience or knowledge on what a "Ramen-ya" and thier customs are supposed to be.I would like to see Monta try not to expand their soup varieties as most Ramen-yas in Japan are supposed to stick with one type of broth, and feel that their tonkotsu ramen is very well done especially with thin noodles.  Their miso is good, but not my favorite type and would like to see it evove to thicker/denser/full-bodied miso toward more of a sapporo style. all in all, a great additon to Vegas authentic Japanese food scene.  those who can appreciate authentic Japanese food with its somewhat peculiar cultures would love it, for the noobies it may be too difficult to appreciate.
5	Still tasty!  They now have 3 types of ramen broth - creamy miso, fattylicious shoyu and bombastic tonkotsu.  If you're a fan of the thicker ramen noodles, do request it specifically if you are planning on ordering the tonkotsu version.and yes!  I think they got the AC "working".  It's still gets pretty hot in there, but hey, just suck it up.  Be a man.  Do the right thing and Enjoy the good food!
4	Yummy.  The extra meat and boiled egg sides are a must.  I tried the pork ramen bowl.  Order the extra noodles if you're not full off the bowl.Friendly staff.Good portions.Affordable.
3	I've been waiting for a good ramen joint for a long time.  I love that they have 3  different soup base with different noodle combinations.  Portions are small. Having a hot bowl of ramen during summer is not pleasant but at least they got lots of fans blowing.
4	So apparently I was being a bit stingy with my stars so says a friend of mine which i guess makes sense.  Being that Monta is probably the best ramen place in town I decided to add a star.Anyways, came back over the weekend for a second try and ordered the Miso ramen with extra pork. It was mm mm good and the extra pork definitely hit the g-spot.  I did regret not adding the egg and corn, im sure it would've made it perfect.Still pretty hot inside even with the AC fixed but i guess it's tolerable after the use of 10 napkins to wipe off my sweat.
4	The miso ramen broth was delicious.....yeah it was 110 degrees outside and the AC in the restaurant was not working, so as I'm eating my soup I was getting pretty sweaty, but despite of that the service was good and the soup was delicious...so I will be going back..!
5	Forget Pho - Ramen is Chinatown's best hangover cure (particularly perfect for the day after an Elite Event). This is a place that really does live up to the hype. My coworker tried the gyoza and a pork belly bowl and was very pleased with both. I stuck with the tonkatsu ramen ($6.95) with extra pork added ($2.50). The broth was silky, creamy, and perfect! Pho broth seems so blah after eating this. The 6 slices of pork in my bowl were just fatty enough and so delicious! A pleasant surprise was canned, cold oolong tea for $1.75. It was delicious and really hit the spot. When you're eating soup in 105 degree weather, a cold drink seems more appropriate than hot tea. Service was friendly and accomodating and the broth can't be beat ! I'll be back - but next time I'll be going noodle-less. The noodles are a waste of space ! More yummy broth and meat please.
5	After coming home from a trip to Tokyo the first thing I craved was Tonkotsu Ramen.  I have been searching in Las Vegas ever since. The only thing that came close was in LA, until now... The soup is amazing and fills my craving for something I have been unable to find in Vegas!!   A must for everyone even the vibe is cool like Tokyo!!!
4	I found this place in the Vegas Weekly Magazine and knew i had to try it out after seeing great Yelp reviews.Were my expectations met? YES! As soon as you walk in, you are immediately greeted by a very cute Japanese girl worker and are seated right away. The restaurant is small, but very cozy. We ordered the tonkotsu ramen with a boiled egg on the side and were very impressed at how delicious the bowl of soup was. Although the bowl only comes with two thin slices of pork, the pork itself is very tender and is soaked in that delicious broth making you savor each bite! The broth is cloudy like it should be and wasn't too salty or too bland for my taste. What really impressed me was the poached egg. The article talked about how perfectly poached the eggs were there and boy was he right! The egg was not too runny nor too cooked. The combination of the runny yolk and broth tasted like heaven in my mouth! Overall, the food and service were excellent. It was also a very authentic experience for me since the worker's demeanor reminded me of my time in Japan. Very perky, always smiling and had a cute high pitched voice! Come here to enjoy a delicious bowl of ramen and experience a little taste of Japan!
3	Went here last night for dinner and had a tasty, satisfying meal.   The restaurant is small and casual.  We ordered some gyoza, a tonkatsu ramen and a shoyu ramen with egg and kimchi and some cold green tea.  I loved that they offered kimchi as a side (I can't have ramen without it!) even though it was 'kimuchi' on the menu.  We tried to get the extra pork but they were out.  The gyoza was too greasy but tasted good.  The tonkatsu ramen was delish!  The broth was white, cloudy, flavorful and less greasy than the shoyu and the noodles were thinner.  The shoyu would be perfect for a  hangover.  The broth was darker, clearer, greasier, and saltier than the tonkatsu.  The ramens come with some green onions, and two pieces of tender pork. The one thing that will keep me from going back is the temperature.  It is too hot in there, uncomfortably hot to really enjoy your meal especially if its a bowl of hot noodle soup.
4	Ramen, not the most popular thing in Las Vegas, mostly due to whatever ramen we have is usually too salty, bland, or expensive. I almost gave up on finding a decent ramen place... until I met Monta Noodle house :). Monta Noodle House is in a plaza I rarely ever go into mostly because it seems a bit run down compared to the other plazas. Despite the appearance of the plaza, Monta is a nice little restaurant that serves water that doesn't taste like reclamation. During my visit I was immediately greeted by the staff and seated. This  place is ideal for a quick lunch with a few friends, but if you have a large party you may want to think twice because of the small capacity of the restaurant. You may want to avoid lunch during prime time if you are in a hurry because it seems that they have one waitress, and it seemed to be quite hectic for her. The tonkatsu ramen is the one which the broth is made from pork bones, it was flavorful, had a meaty and fatty taste, but most importantly when I got home I wasn't downing water how I would if I was eating pho. I added corn to my ramen which was a nice touch, and rather inexpensive. Extra noodles (kagemane?) is available for the hungry eaters at a cost of $2.00, well worth it in my opinion because the noodles do not look like they were once dry like some other places.Will definitely be back to fulfill my noodle hunger.
2	Highly over rated. First of all it was hotter than hell in there....too cheap to have AC!.   I do not like eating ramen when it is 90 degrees in the restaurant. Second the Asahi beer we ordered came out warm! The ramen was mediocre and lacked flavor...my son only ate one bite. extremely disappointed. Not anywhere near the caliber of lil Tokyo ramen houses in Los Angeles.
4	My schedule at work was changed for the weekend, and a coworker who was leaving a hour after I am off the clock suggested going to get ramen.  Then she said Monta Ramen.  I guess she has been reading the many positive reviews on Yelp.So off we went to Monta Ramen.  The place was 85F with the fans (ceiling and the other portable ones) going full blast.  I suggested eating at the bar, since I know there is a fan blowing right next to the cashier area.  But the restaurant was still pretty packed (11 of us total) at around 4pm on a summer Saturday.I tried the Shoyu Ramen this time, while my friend tried the Miso.  Shoyu was good and I didn't feel it was too salty like the other two ramen.  And my coworker enjoyed the Miso Ramen. Both of these options are prepared with the thick ramen noodle (just FYI), which I prefer anyway.Overall, another satisfying dining experience at Monta Ramen.
4	Shoyu - Soy sauce based, probably the most salty one out of the three, but not overwhelmingly salty which you can't bear.. like some places. Miso - straight foward miso based soup, savory, and goes well with the premium green onions.Side note: there are two different types of noodles, a skinny noodle similar to the golden chinese egg noodles, and a fatter one, similar to the form of noodles from an instant noodle cup, but has absolutely no resemblance to the flavorless, soggy cup noodles.
4	I didn't even know gourmet ramen existed in Las Vegas. This was a small spot hidden on Spring Mountain Rd. It's really hot and ramen may not be the ideal food but it tasted great here. The chashu meat was really soft. The noodles were thin and the tonkatsu broth was very flavorful. Glad to have tried a place like this. It looks like they take pride and appreciate the craft of ramen here. It just makes the meal that much more satisfying. Recommendation: Tonkatsu Ramen with extra chasu and hard boiled egg.
5	I just have to review this place. I am a big fan of ramen and I have tried ramen from all the good places - norcal, socal and this place stands on its own!The pork flavor ramen is so good, add a bit of garlic to it and you get the best tasting pork ramen you can get. I like it better than santa ramen @sanmateo.The noodle itself is the thinner and softer kind you can find in socal and not the thicker kind you can find in norcal.
4	YES. If you sit at the bar, there is a shelf underneath where you can stow your purse, baby, or other personal belongings. YES. Also the counter is made out of this beautiful hunk of nice solid wood. What is that? Walnut? It's nice. So anyways. This place is located next a Korean BBQ and Raku. Makes me wonder if it's the same owner as Raku? The ramen is okay. Anyone that has had the standard of ramen (Daikokuya in LA, hello?) will tell you that Monta isn't as good, but for Vegas, it'll do. Monta only does three kinds of ramen: tonkatsu, shoyu, and miso (around $7-8). All are decent. The menu has short descriptions of each for us gaijin. There is also a short list of accouterment like egg, butter, corn, and spring onions available for nominal additional costs. I recommend the butter. It is exquisite. The very limited menu has gyoza, mini mentaiko (around $3), kim chi fried rice (not very good). Sometimes they have specials written on the white board on the wall. On the front of the menu, there's a short history of ramen. The reading lists the source: ramenlicious.comThey have a few beers including Asahi and something domestic, maybe Bud. My friend got a $3 glass of Asahi. It was like a double shot of beer.  They do NOT make their own noodles, at least not on the day we came. The unisex bathroom is practical and has a weird interior design nonsensicalness to it. Meh. The joint is pretty small. A bar that accommodates eight and maybe five four-tops. All of the staff is Japanese. One of the cooks looks hardcore prison cook with the burns all up and down his forearm. Heck yeah. The restaurant is small and will possibly never have air conditioning. But there is a plethora of fans running and the back door remains open on the hottest of days. When some one opens the front door to leave or enter, the joint turns into a wind tunnel. They're only open til 11p. I'm sure they could stay open later and do just fine with the late night belligerent crowd. "Whoo, I'm so wasted! I need lots of calories in my system. Whoo!"Watch Tampopo. * off the strip, non-casino
3	Silky noodles, perfectly yolky eggs, but a salty broth..I was so excited to eat at this restaurant, but was a little disappointed. I couldn't finish my soup, perhaps because I added mustard greens. Points on the poached egg.. the best excuse for high cholestrol out there! It's right next to Raku.
4	(Update: this place is always jam packed with people now. It has earn the reputation of being the best place in town for ramen).  Due to all of your rave reviews I was compelled to give this place a try.  (I can just hear my dad saying, "if everyone jumped off a cliff would you jump too?  If it were into a yummy ocean of noodle soup, hell yeah!)This little gem is hidden a bit back from the road and does not have a huge eye catching front.  It modestly blends in with the rest of the shops.  As you enter you will be greeted by the cooks, servers, and maybe a few customers.  It is a simple small noodle shop fighting the Vegas Heat with a weak AC system and a multitude of fans.  Was it warm?  Yes sir, very much so.  But my good friend told me, that regardless of the heat we should endure and it would be worth it.We sat at the rotating wooden stools at a lovely solid one piece of wood bar.  Service was immediate and friendly.  I found the very short menu to be a relief from the pages and pages of food offerings of other establishments.  I often have trouble deciding what to eat, and then leave with regrets if I did not enjoy my meal.  Neither would be the case today.  I have heard a hero of mine speak of restaurants that only make one thing, but they make it better than anyone else around.  I hoped for a similar experience.I quickly decided on the Tonkotsu Ramen with tamago, chashu, mustard cabbage, and green onions.  I noticed from everyone's pictures that many of us decided on the exact same combination.  Great minds think alike right?  A few minutes later a large hot bowl of aroma and color found its way to me.  I dug in and didn't stop till the bowl was tilting to my face and the last drops of soup were tickling my tongue.  I love the thinner noodles over udon, so I am a bit biased here.  The noodles where not over cooked for my taste and the broth had great flavor.  The Chashu I got was soft and delicious.  Everything just seemed to go together perfectly.If I were judging this restaurant against all noodle places in vegas, 5 stars.  But since I have had some outstanding noodles in California that I set my standards by, I'll give this 4.  Don't get me wrong, this place is great, and I will be back, but I am saving the 5 star rating for a place I love in California.  I just need to eat there a few more times and make sure that it wasn't just the one time.
4	It's on my monthly must have menu.   Tonkotsu Ramen is the best out of the 3 ramen selections on the menu imo.   Creamy savory broth, perfectly cooked noodle and the tender Chashu (Pork) make it very addictive.  This is not something you can cook at home.  The pork has the perfect amount of fat makes the Ramen rich and flavorful without being greasy.  You can tell it takes a lot of time and effort to prepare the pork.  Their other side dishes (Fried Rice, Gyoza, Pork belly...) are all very delicious as well.  Service was ok and bareable as most of the small scale Asian restaurants. The downside of the restaurant:--The broth is a bit saltier than I'd prefer.--I'd prefer more Chashu (pork) pieces per Ramen order for the price they're charging--Sometimes they run out of extra Chashu.--It's always hot in there.  They need to invest some money in AC.--I felt like I was being ripped off a little when I went there the first time because it seems a little overpriced for the portion and the ingredients.  However, now I'm totally addicted and have no choice cause it's very yummy and they don't have many competitions.
4	Mmmmm, thank you Yelp, this place is good, I love Ramen and this place reminds me of Orochon Ramen in Los Angeles. Not necessarily better but for Las Vegas this might be one of the best. Pros: The Shoyu Ramen and Tonkatsu were so good with extra green onion and chashu. My friend didn't like the chashu (pork) so much because she felt it was a weird texture thing but I loved it, put extra in mine and took hers, so my gain! Tonkatsu noodles were good, and the egg was good but you had to let it sit in the hot broth for awhile, otherwise you'd realize that they tossed a cold egg in there. Service was good, very friendly and nice.The biggest cons were the size and the temperature. I got there early so I was able to secure a spot at the bar but outside of that, there were three small table for maybe four, and a group of eight sitting together and that's all there was room for. I couldn't imagine what this place is like during lunch hour or dinner. When I first arrived I didn't think the temperature was that bad since they have fans everywhere. But after eating hot ramen, having a couple Asahis, and being right next to the busy kitchen, the sweat started coming (felt like I was cutting weight for a fight) but it's manageable. All in all, I will definitely be coming back here
4	Love this ramen joint! Had the shoyu ramen and pork belly bowl, both very tasty, not too salty either. Definitely better than Ichiza's and Shuseki. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is becuz they don't have a freaking AC running and it gets freaking hot, even at nite after just a few mins in the restaurant...but I guess it's worth the sacrifice for some good ramen
4	I've now had all three types of ramen and the shoyu is my favorite.  I tried this one last because I was expecting it to be very salty; that was not the case.  It's a bit saltier than the miso and tonkotsu versions, but at the same time it also had the most pork flavor, making for a delicious combo with the chashu.  I really want to give this place five stars because I'm now a Monta Ramen addict, but like I said in my earlier review I'm not very experienced with ramen.
4	Yup, I went to Monta again.... This time I had 'Hiyashi Chuka(Cold Noodle)' & 'Small Bowl of Chashu'! I loved it!! The ponzu sauce for the cold noodle was very citrus and just right. I'm wondering if they are making the homemade ponzu at their place instead of using the sauce from the bottle :) The hint of sesame oil was really blended into the dish and I was happy with the amount of the vegetables that they served with the noodle. The chashu is a popular topping for the ramen, but I wanted to try with my rice this time. The chashu bowl comes with several piece of fried pork, chopped dried seaweed, and chopped green onion on top of rice. It was sooooo good!  I think I am sometimes very superstitions. Whenever I eat rice, I gobbled every grain in my bowl . My mom taught me to finish all the rice and eventually it will bring a good luck?! I still feel like that little girl :) Anyways, the dish was so tasty that I finished it all. The server always welcoms customers with big smile :p  By the way, I happened to see the owner of Sushi Mon who was helping the kitchen staffs that day..,and the waitress said it's own by him.. What a great success! :-p
5	I am no connoisseur on Japanese food or ramen, but this place really has me addicted lately.  I found it while browsing reviews on Yelp, and Yelp was right on target!  The place is quite small, seating maybe 30 people, including the bar.  During lunch, there is a wait to get seated.  The cooks are out in the open, similar to the sushi bar trend.  I've always had good service, although sometimes there is a little bit of a communication problem... my English isn't so good sometimes! ;-)  But that's never annoyed me because I love the soups here.So far I have only tried the Tonkatsu. I ordered with extra pork, egg, and (I know, shame on me), butter.  you can also order extra noodles if you aren't a big broth eater.  The Tonkatsu is, I believe, a pork based broth.  Its thick (for a broth), a little salty (but not too salty), and very flavorful.  The pork was cut very thinly, and was so juicy, almost buttery.  I barely had to chew it.  Now, I am no expert in homemade noodles or anything, but the noodles for me were quite good... filling and tasty.  I can't wait to try the other two main ramen dishes they have.  I know now isn't the perfect time for hot ramen, but I'll make an exception to that rule for this place any time!
4	This was this weeks "Yelpalicious Dishes" meetup with my trusty food friend, Elnino.I have wanted some good Hakata style tonkatsu broth ($6.95) for a while and have been excited about this opening for a while. I grabbed this with some extra chashu slices ($2.50, 4 slices) and my favorite Asian drink, Calpico. Was worried about service from early reviews but our server was nice and we had reasonably good service. The place is small, so big parties better call. Very simple, homey decor. Onto "tha bizness"- Definitely people who do not like salt should skip ramen since it's presence is there. I do not think it was overwhelming, just the right amount and balanced everything well. The broth was thick, creamy,balanced. It wasn't as strong as some other Hakata style I've had....its somewhere between a Hakata to me and a Kumamoto which is a milder tonkatsu broth. I like to add a bit of chili oil in mine and occasionally some sesame or garlic to my ramen. I tried with and without the condiments and either way was nice. For true Hakata style try some beni shoga (red pickled ginger) and sesame with it. They gave me the thin style ramen (think angel hair pasta) which it never noted on the menu and sadly I didn't read Yelp first to know this bit of info. I wanted to have the thicker noodles. Tonkatsu noodles are the straight kind, but I've normally had thicker kind served to me. Oh well. Still, decent noodles, had good bite but prefer the chewier thicker ramen. Ask for the "curly" ramen if you like thicker ramen. The chashu is cut thinner than usual which was kinda a bust since I paid the extra $2.50 to have 4 deli thin pieces. It was good, nice fat rim that was melty and flavorful, but I don't think the extra was priced right for that portion. Extras is where any place gets you though. As for the price on the bowl itself- very fair considering the work put into making the broth, making chashu, etc. It might be considered "small" but I think much of us have the big bowl syndrome from pho places. Pho does not take as much effort to make the broth and is cheaper to make.Is this the best I've ever had? No. I grew up in LA near spots like Santouka and visited and ate my way through ramen alleys of Japan. I think I've eaten the Holy Grail of ramen long ago made with love from a creaky old man who dedicated his life to the perfect bowl. Does that fact ruin this place for me? No way. I love that someone entered into the niche market of ramen. It still has the essence of flavors I'm looking for. If I compared everything to going back to the places of the foods origin and be all upset about it, I would be a bitter and unsatisfied person. I am a fan and this is probably one of the best places to get ramen in town. I will be coming back really soon!
5	Best Japanese original ramen place in Las Vegas! When they opened, I could not stop going there..I love their noodles and soup taste.I usually don't like anything not spicy...but even with no spicy taste..still good and tasty!Very nice...I love this noodle house!
5	I am Japanese from Japan. I can tell you that ramen here is probably the best ramen you can find in Vegas. Taste is pretty close to what you can find in Japan. Five star for me.
5	One word: Tonkatsu! Deelish! Great broth, wonderful noodles, melt in your mouth roast pork and crunchy green onions! I can't wait to go back and try the Miso which I have heard it is better in flavor.
4	Went there tonight with hubby and friend.  We ordered two tonkotsu ramen, one miso ramen, a side of chashu, an order of gyoza, and three beers on tap, total came out to $31.14 not bad.  The gyoza was very tasty, chashu nice and tender, noodles were great, and the broth was alright nothing spectacular (better with the grated garlic they give you).   I like to put gyoza in my ramen (kinda like wonton mein or mandoo kook soo), there's something about dumplings in broth that makes me feel warm and fuzzy inside (my comfort food).  It is hot in there and eating hot ramen does not help, my husband couldn't wait to get out of there.   Service was fast and friendly.  So far best ramen in Vegas.
5	Talk about ramen noodle supreme!  The first time I went to this place was on a Monday.  I ordered the Tonkatsu and got addicted!  They only provide 4 pieces of pork in the soup, so I had to order extra.  I was so hooked that I came back two days later. The place and menu is really small (and lacked some a/c), but the food was well worth it.   Reasonable prices too.
4	I know, I was here on Tuesday. BF has been out sick the whole week and thought a good broth would do him some good. He liked the tonkatsu and thought the brother was quality. He even suggested we bring his mom and grandma here. That is always a good sign. New thing I tried was the pork belly bowl. The rice bowl just has thin slices of belly with some diced green onions, long shave "premium" green onion, and red ginger. Its fatty, but not overwhelming in such little slices. It's flavored more delicately than chashu, which has a more "porky" cut of meat. Little bit of furikake, and vinegar to my liking and it was quite nice. Service is again quite friendly. I think Japanese ladies demeanor is so cute!
4	I have been hearing great things about this place. So finally my boyfriend and I decided to try it. The weather wasn't too hot and I was craving ramen. I had seen other reviews about there being no AC and that got me worried. But it turned out to not be too bad.I like how the restaurant is very simple and the menu isn't extensive. That's a good sign that the few things on the menu are done well.We both ordered the tonkotsu ramen and an extra order of chashu (4 more pieces). The broth was deeelish. And I was so glad we ordered the extra chashu. It was flavorful and so tender. And the noodles were just right.We will be coming back here again and again, to try the different broths and toppings. I can't wait!
1	Ordered to go. Absolutely horrible.  I have never had ramen so bad. The noodles were not cooked! Never going back. I called the shop the same day, and I am still waiting for the Owner to call me back. Total rip off of money.
5	Can't say enough good things about this place... I actually joined yelp  just to write a review. I travel very frequently & always try to seek out the best Ramen / noodle houses in the cities I visit often as I'm a noodle junkie. I don't know why it took me so long to find Monta, though I'm really happy I did as I'm in Vegas every other week. Firstly, the greeting and staff are extremely friendly - which really surprised me in a positive way considering Monta is located in Chinese town (an area I typically expect to be underwhelmed by service). Very attentive and happy - I left in such a better mood than I arrived!I sat at the comfortable wooden bar & ordered the Miso Ramen with extra chashu. It was nice to watch the 2 cooks prepare the bowls ordered before mine as it was immediately clear that they were dedicated to the quality of preparation, ingredients and timing to ensure their guests received a perfect serving. In between orders I watched one cook prep and truss the pork for slow roasting & was impressed with the skill.My bowl arrived as a perfect portion & nicely presented. I only added a dash or two of the toasted sesame seeds & a dash of the chili powder that were part of a good array of seasonings available to personalize the noodles to your taste. I like that.The broth was truly wonderful: rich and creamy while carrying a fresh pork flavor. Noodles were nicely cooked, although a little thinner than I find my favorite to be (Santouka still purveys the finest noodle I have come across). The definite star of the bowl were the delicate and chashu slices that pinch perfectly into the grip of the chopsticks! The flavor, texture, and quality of this moist pork is truly superb.Suffice to say that Monta has immediately become a favorite here in Vegas; a city where the experience usually fails to measure up to the hype.Enjoy.
4	How they make ramen so damn creamy? Better not be lard..
4	i saw that there was a new Ramen shop in Las Vegas so I decided to check it out.  from the outside it doesnt look like much and the inside is no different.  You would say its just a hole in the wall place.  they have a very limited menu since the kitchen is so small and thats understandable.  I ordered the Shoyu Ramen, Gyoza and the small Fried Rice.  I was amazed by how delicious it was.  I am japanese so I like a good Ramen from time to time.  The Gyoza (potstickers) was home made.  Trust me I have eaten enough store bought Gyozas to know the difference.  Oh! and the Fried Rice was very tasty as well not mushy like other places.  Each grain of rice perfectly seperated from eachother..  With that being said the only 2 turn offs is the price.  althouggh a lot of the pricing is dead on correct.  there are few items on the menu that i feel is over priced for the amount they give.  another thing is the temperture inside the restaurant.  i guess they dont have any ac so they use a fan to cool down the room.  after eating hot soup i started sweating like a horse.  Overall I am satisfied with the product and i will be going back to eat again... That's for sure...
5	Stopped here after eating at Raku because my fiance was still hungry.  The ambience is not fancy but the noodles are SUPERB.  The ramen noodles were excellent - cooked perfectly.  The chashu was delish, practically melted in our mouths and the broth was super tasty.Their service was very nice and friendly unlike Ippudo in NYC which claims to have the best ramen noodles.  Personally, I don't think they deserve a 1 minute wait, never mind the craziness of 2 hours - and rude on top of that.I can only hope that Monta opens up a spot in NYC.  If you even remotely like ramen - you have to go there when you are in Las Vegas.
4	I've been to Raku a bunch of times, and a friend of mine mentioned that the noodle shop next door was worth a trip in its own right...  Boy, was he right!This tiny little noodle shop (I think they might only seat like 25) has a counter and like 4 small tables.  The menu is limited to 3 types of noodle soup, a couple of entrees and some sides.  I ordered the miso noodle soup with an egg...  Perfectly done noodles in a rich, perfectly seasoned broth, served with a few slices of pork and some vegetables mixed in...  and the egg... AMAZING.  They have somehow figured out how to boil an egg so that the white is fully cooked, yet the center is slightly thinkened yet runny, and served it on top of my noodle soup, cut in half like a hard boiled egg.  Fascinating and delicious.This place is definitely making it into my lunch rotation.  SOOO GOOD.
5	The 5 star bump up is courtesy of my mom and grandma in law loving this place. My mom in law doesn't like Asian foods, but grandma does since she grew up in Indonesia. BF and I are food adventurous- them not so much. It's sometimes a struggle sometimes finding new places to please everyone so when they're happy with something, it makes me very happy. We like to bring them out of their comfort zone and let them explore a bit. They shared a tonkatsu ramen and a pork belly bowl. They said it was the best soup and best pork they ever had. BF tried the Miso ramen- it is similar in profile that it is still the creamy brother like the tonkatsu but the added miso paste just add some sweetness. It's good but just whatever you're more into will determine the best soup: tonkatsu- savory/saltier, miso- sweeter and cuts the saltiness down a bit. They are very similar though. I went a different route and got the hiyashi chuka which is listed on a white board (not on the menu) as "cold noodle salad". The cold noodles come with julienned cucumbers, tomato, kikurage mushrooms, pork slices, half a egg. It has a ponzu sauce and has a smudge of karachi mustard on the side of the bowl to add as you wish (a little adds a perfect kick to everything). I also got a small chasu bowl too which is topped with some green onion and nori. The service is friendly and attentive. I always appreciate places that have very nice servers. I have a habit of talking about the service and I think maybe I should start actually naming good servers so that maybe businesses can pay attention to who in their staff is doing things right. Miki ( pulled these off receipts) just happened to be our server each time. :-)Update 9/13Brought my mom in law and grandma for lunch. They didn't hesitate to say to eat here since they love the tonkatsu ramen and the pork belly bowl. I got hiyashi chuka again since I love that dish and they do it well here. I also got a mini mentaiko bowl. Not for everyone, but I like spicy roe and rice.Update 10/26Nothing better than soup on a crappy day. Shoyu Ramen this time. It's good. I think Tonkatsu is my favorite, but I'll order this again. Sometimes I feel a bit of variety. I always get a belly bowl though :-) It's noms.Update 11/07 Tried doing half shoyu and half tonkatsu broth. You can now order it as such. Keep in mind this has the skinny noodles and not the curly ones incase you prefer one or the other. I think this is my favorite broth. Tonkatsu is delicious- but it's rich. Shoyu is good- but it's a bit lighter than I want. Marry the two together and it's a really nice inbetween flavor and consistency. This is what I'll be ordering from now on. I will try to ask if I can do a shoyu miso as well since I think that would be a good, more delicate balance. Update 11/16Got a belly bowl, but also tried their gyoza. It's pan fried, nothing too exciting about them, just what you'd expect a gyoza to be like. I was in the mood for them, but not something I'd get often I think.
4	Ok so before I came to this place the only other ramen I had eaten was the classic meal of cheap college students, so keep in mind I am in no way an expert on authentic ramen. That said, this place is delicious!! I've had the tonkatsu ramen both times and each time it was great, tried the egg addition once and the extra green onions. I would get the green onions again, the egg was a little much for me. Either way the broth has an amazing smooth creamy like texture for a pork broth, the noodles are cooked perfectly, the service is timely and very polite, and they have some amazing iced oolong tea. I can't wait for it to get cooler out so I can come here even more often.
4	So far I've tried their miso and soy sauce based ramen and they were "wonderbar!"  On the menu, you have the option of adding corn, a hard boiled egg, and scallions to your ramen; so its almost like a make your own ramen type deal.  I loved the shoyu (i think thats what it was called) ramen. Amazing flavors to go along with the corn, egg, and onions I added to my ramen. The second time I came, I had the miso ramen which was good but I didn't expect the broth to be as thick as it was.  I also asked for extra noodles that I thought was already thrown into the soup but it actually came on the side.  For $2.50 extra, I had more than enough noodles and just saved the rest for later. As for the interior, its quite small but mimics the feel of how a real Japanese restaurant would be. Service is super nice and its in a good central location. So I'll be here a lot more often now that I've discover it. Thanks fellow Yelpers!!!
5	WE HEART YOU monta ramen!!!!' these noodles will change your life! Best new restaurant winner this year for shua!
4	Stopped by this place on a way back from Red Rock. It was full of middle-aged Japanese guys that were apparently refueling after Sunday golf.I had a Miso ramen with some kind of a 'special roasted pork'. It was pretty good but I can hardly say that I was blown away (like quite a few reviewers of this place). It was just OK.
3	The family visited Monta tonight. It was "A-OK" experience.Tonkatsu soup way too greasy, we are talking about 1/4 inch of floating fat on top.  I have an high tolerance of fat, but this is too much.
4	YUM YUM YUM! My friend's cousin recommended this place to me. She has family in Vegas and this is one of her favorite hole in the wall spots.When I first walked in, I wasn't too sure about the place. No air conditioning, just a fan. The place is super tiny. We ordered the chashu bowl, fried rice, and tonkotsu ramen. The pork in the chashu bowl and tonkotsu ramen melts in you mouth. It is THAT delicious. Both had very good flavor. The fried rice also was very good. All the food felt like it was home-made and in a very positive way. It brought back the comforts of home.When I am back in town, I will for sure do my best to visit this place. I really wish there was a place like this in San Diego.
4	Finally got around to visiting the latest addition to ramen houses in Vegas - Monta Noodle House.  Conveniently located on Spring Mountain, right next to the super busy Raku.  (Smart business choice I would say.)This place is bare bones - as in minimal tables and a bar, so don't come with a large group.  Their super simple menu gets you in and out fast!  (A couple who came in around the same time we did had ordered, gotten their food, finished, paid and left by the time we were eating ours.)I went for their most popular dish - Tonkotsu Ramen ($6.95).  The main component is the broth, which is made up of boiling pork bones, fat, and collagen for hours.  This results in a cloudy white broth and would usually have the consistency of a thin gravy.  It automatically comes with two slices of char sui, takenoko (bamboo sprouts), kikurage (type of mushroom), and green onions.  Their char siu (barbecued pork) definitely isn't like the Chinese kind, but definitely tasty.The Husband went for the Miso Ramen ($7.25), which is ultimately bean paste blended with the pork broth giving it a richer flavor.  This was also good, and quite filling.We also shared a regular order of the Pork Belly Bowl ($5.75).  It sits on a bed of rice, with fresh scallions and pickled red ginger.  I adore pork belly and the next time I come here, I'm going to order a dish of this all to myself.  It's fatty and good.  A side dish we added on was the Takana Mustard Leaf ($1.50).  You can have this on the side or in your broth.  It's pickled mustard greens that may or may not be to your liking.  It's adds a different texture and taste to your ramen.  Other toppings you can add on included nitamago (seasoned hard boiled egg), corn, butter, kimchee, and more char siu or green onions.There's only one other kind of ramen they offer here - Shoyu, which means soy sauce based.  You can also add extra noodles for $2 more if you save your soup and ask for "Kaedama."  Other dishes available are gyoza, fried rice, kim chee fried rice, takana fried rice, cha siu bowl, and mini mentaiko (marinated polluck roe).Service was good.  With two waitresses, they keep the flow of business going great and refilled beverages as needed.  It's not the best place to loiter with the limited seating and all, but definitely a great place to grab a quick bite and go.Update!  I returned the following month for my own bowl of the Pork Belly Bowl.  This time the pork belly was sliced thinner, which wasn't to my personal preference.  Guess it depends on who is working the kitchen that day.
5	I just came back from japan and this is really close to being the real thing.    I've tried all broths (shoyu, miso, tonkotsu) and they're all very good.  Fried rice and the bowls are all legit.  All Japanese staff.  Best thing thats happened to Vegas since Raku.
4	Their cold noodle salad is amazing!!! Since it was over 100 degrees outside i didnt want a hot bowl of ramen and their cold noodle salad didnt disappoint. Very flavorful. The only bad thing is that their restaurant is TINY. Theres only room for 4 tables and some seats at the counter. Also our waitress didnt speak much english so when we asked her to explain some stuff on the menu she couldnt really tell us. But thats ok because everything was delicious.
4	Very Clean tasting. Pleasing meal.
4	Hands down, best ramen in town! Go try it now!!!
5	One Word. SAIKOU!Tonkotsu ramen is damn good! I drove out to Vegas from L.A. just for the ramen. On my trip ,I had to go twice in one day. They need to bring the shop out to LA. please!
3	Alright, I came here with a party of 4 on a weeknight.  First impression, the parking lot was dark, the stores adjacent to the place was even darker and this place was open with nobody inside; couldn't even see the staff. Instant O.oWent inside, VERY simple interior kinda like a template style for restaurants with no outstanding unique traits for a ramen place.  I've eaten all over little tokyo in LA and cities around there so I know what good ramen taste like.  The food was slightly above par, but maybe it's cause what i'm used to. =/However, i can say this place is up there as the top ramen places compared to the others I've tried, although to some, it may not mean much.
3	I was really excited to try this place when my wife said she heard about a new ramen joint that serves Hakata tonkotsu ramen.The restaurant is minimalist with very little seating and is located next door to Raku. We generally don't sweat the decor, or lack thereof, as long as the food is good.They offer shoyu, miso, and tonkotsu ramen and several other items on their menu. We ordered the tonkotsu, of course, which was $7 for a small-medium sized bowl. They used the thin white classic tonkotsu ramen noodles which were decent but lacked the elasticity or chewy "freshness factor" of other places we've tried. As my wife will attest to, I like my food salty and flavorful, but their broth was a bit too salty, even for me. It had an earthy shiitake mushroom flavor but was lacking in the porky flavor and richness of a good tonkotsu broth. Neither of us cared to slurp up any of the broth once we were done with the noodles. I found the two pieces of chashu were mediocre at best. They were somewhat tough and fatty and had this unusual ring of gelatin around the edges.This place is arguably the best ramen place in Vegas that we have found so far. Unfortunately that also isn't saying very much. A mere year ago, both of us would probably have been more than satisfied with Monta. Damn you Ichiran for making ramen snobs out of us and forever raising our ramen bar! The search continues for better ramen in Vegas...
4	When I ate here one Saturday in July I was the only person eating at Monta Noodles House. Today at lunch there were only seats open at the bar. Oh the power of YELP is almighty! Yes the ramen is delicious and the broth is soo yummy. It's so yummy and damn addicting I was urning for more as I stared at my empty bowl of what use to be my bowl tonkotsu ramen. Next time I'll order the extra noodles or maybe an egg!
4	Last week I ate at Monta four nights out of seven. I don't think I'll ever get tired of their delicious ramen - only three different options, but with many toppings available. And if I do, I'll move onto the kimchi fried rice or pork bowl. The gyoza are pretty meh though. I won't get those again. I'm so glad there's finally a simple, authentic Japanese ramen spot in Vegas. It's small, it's hot and it's usually crowded. Like the best ramen places in L.A. I used to drive the five hours just to get a bowl, now I can hit up this place between trips. Huzzah.
4	Started off with the Gyoza and to me they were like a glorified pot sticker. Enjoyed some oolong tea, in a can, wish it was made in the building but i still liked it. I had the Tonkotsu Ramen with Nitamago(Egg) and Chasu(Pork). It was was something I was not expecting, that's for sure. It has a very satisfying flavor that just made you "smile" after that first mouthfull . I added a little of the fresh garlic cuz i love me some garlic. I will definately be be back, looking forward to the colder months for that hit the spot meal
5	Really good and authentic starting at the price of $6.95. You can add more ingredients to your ramen. I always get the tonkatsu ramen. I love their iced green tea. Their gyozas really good. The restaurant is cozy and and small. Their staff is really nice and attentive. An excellent hole in the wall gem.
5	This review is long overdue, as this is one of those places that I keep forgetting to review even though I eat there quite often.  Monta is my favorite Ramen house in town, and is the best that I have tried.  The broth is deep, full-bodied, creamy, and very meaty.  This broth is what is missing from many Ramen places.  The noodles have very nice texture, which is what I mainly look for in the noodles.  I usually get the Tonkastu Ramen with a little extra Roasted Pork, but I like the Miso Ramen, too.  The Miso is also very good, but just different.  I would characterize the Miso as sweeter, and I usually prefer the meatier broth to the sweet broth, but that's just me.  I also love that all the Ramen's are below $7, I believe.  I think I usually pay around 6.95 for the Ramen, so it's a great deal.  I have also tried the Pork Belly Bowl, which I really like.  I always try to order pork belly wherever I see it, and Monta's did not disappoint.  I also like to get their canned, chilled Oolong Tea.  I think they have a couple other types, but I usually just get the Oolong.  If you like Ramen, you should definitely check out Monta.  But if you don't like soup, noodles, or any combination of these, I wouldn't come because most of their menu is Ramen.
5	It amazes me how adding one vegetable (s) or without can add or miss the flavor of the delicious Monta Noodles offered.I finally tried Miso and I thought it was amazing and actually has a better taste than Tonkatsu. Only I prefer the straight noodles served with Tonkatsu instead of curly Ramen noodles with Miso.  With my Miso, I had green onions, corn and takana mustard leaf! The taste was flavorful and decadent with a touch of spice! The following week, I ordered my Miso with my favorite noodle along with my extra vegetable components just like my last visit but forgot to add the mustard green. I swore up and down to the chef that they gave me Tonkatsu because Miso was spicy last time.  Well, after a discussion with the chef we realized that the takana mustard leaf presented the spicy flavor to the broth, which was forgotten! I am astonished how one element can change the flavors! Cheers to the chef for helping me figure that out and making a fresh batch of Miso with my extra kicks.Monta Monta....You know you wanna Monta Monta!
5	first of all, I would like for the lame reviewers who keep on misspelling the word to stop doing it.ton kOtsu, NOT ton kAtsu    O =/= AtonkOtsu means pork bone because they use pork bones to make that white/cream-colored broth.  Ton kAtsu is a pork katsu, or fried pork with panko.  Please get this straight and never confuse the two as they are completely different things.  I've been here many times.  Although both tokotsu and miso are good (haven't tried shoyu), I personally prefer the tonkotsu for the straight, thin noodles.It's cheap, authentic, and filling especially if you order kaedama, or extra noodle.  please don't expect them to give you extra soup/broth when you odrder kaedama.  it's just noodles by definition.  If you want more soup, then order another one.  I was hoping that his place will continue to exist as this is somewhat of a niche food, but I'm happy to see it being supported by many non-Japanese and continue to do well.
4	I love Ramen, but have no idea why its so expensive for a bowl of noddles compared to other bowl of noddles! This place came highly recommended and boy was it good. It was probably one of the better bowls of ramen that I have had. I truly feel that with any noodle soup, the soup is where it makes or breaks it. The broth here was excellent. It was flavorful, clean, and well balance. The one thing that threw me off were the noodles. I'm use to the regular ramen noodle size, but they appear to have given me the super fine ramen noodles. My friend who order the same broth as I did got the same noodles as I did, but everyone else got the regular noodles. Either way it was good, if I was to come back I would just ask for the regular noodles. I added extra meat and an egg. I wish the egg was standard like most places. Overall, great quality. One star off for the small portions.
5	This charming restaurant offering the best ramen in Vegas is located two doors down from Raku in the Seoul Plaza on Spring Mountain, and could be one of the smallest restaurants in the city. Monta is actually so pea-sized that if you come during peak times you'll almost certainly have to wait before you can sit down. Don't let this be a deterrant, just keep it in mind before you go, and get there quickly before even more people find out about it.Half of the restaurant is an open kitchen, so your dinner music consists of the clanking of woks and pans accompanied by the chatter of the waitresses, cooks, and other patrons. You can sit at the bar if you really want to be part of the action, or if none of the five tables are available. Though the vibe is nice and busy, the waitresses are sweet and won't rush you through your meal.There are three types of ramen to choose from; Tonkatsu (rich, cloudy, almost creamy broth); Shoyu (light and delicate soy sauce based broth); and Miso (somewhere in the middle of the other consistencies and tastes like...miso). The Shoyu and Miso ramen come with chewy, thicker noodles which I much prefer in texture and taste to the thinner, less al dente noodles that come in the Tonkatsu (you can sub if you like). All three varieties of the ramen cost around $7 and also come with chasu (tender, roasted, fatty pork), scallions, kikurage (mushroom), takenoko (bamboo shoots), and scallions. You can then customize your ramen with little extras that include perfectly coddled egg, butter, more pork, and my personal favorite, Takana, or pickled mustard leaf. These don't cost a lot, so customize away. Also, be sure to add some of the fantastic accoutrement residing in your condiment tray such as pickled ginger strips and minced garlic.You won't find much other than ramen on the menu, just a handful of appetizers and sides. Of these I've had the gyoza ($5.95), which were excellent one time but not cooked correctly another, and fried rice with takana. The fried rice is almost as good as the ramen, so if you aren't in the mood for soup get this instead. Another plus is cheap beer ($2.50 for domestic).I can't think of any other meal I'd rather enjoy on a cold day than a steaming bowl of hearty home-made soup, so I plan on going to Monta frequently this winter. If it continues to get even busier, however, I may be taking it to go in a perfectly packed parcel. I brought ramen home for my husband once and was amazed at the care put into ensuring the soup would be just as good at home as it is in the restaurant. The noodles were wrapped in their own little pouch, waiting to be cooked until they reached our stove, and all the other ingredients were individually wrapped to keep them in their peak state. Attention to detail really separates the boys from the (ra)men.
5	I know it's always a good sign when after 2 bites my boyfriend and I are are fervently discussing who we need to bring back. Monta has been bookmarked for months and I'm glad we finally visited because it's been too long since I have had good ramen in my life.The place is small, like a few of the other ramen places I have been to outside of Vegas. There are maybe 4-5 tables total and bar seating. The menu is small, two palm sized sheets of paper with a few items per page. I normally am happy with smaller menus because I can never make up my mind, so this was just the way it was supposed to be. I am more familiar with tonkatsu  ramen, so I ordered a tonkatsu ramen with tamago (hard boiled egg). When the bowls came out I knew I was in for a treat-they looked beautiful and exactly the perfect portion for lunch. The broth was nice and thick, with an excellent pork flavor to it. Most of the time, I feel as if a lot of ramen spots add salt to broth to make up for lacking flavor; Monta's salt level is just right, because there is a true rich pork flavor to their broth. The noodles were pleasantly chewy, and the vegetables were all thinly sliced to easily edible portions. The pork slices themselves were thin, bordered by pieces of fat and a thick flavorful smoke ring. The egg was a fun addition as well. We ordered some soda, which was $1, and the ramen with egg was $8.95. This is an under $10 meal! I cannot wait to go back and try the pork belly bowl and ramen different ways. The service was pleasant and attentive, the whole place screams "zen:" the simple white bowls and matching spoons, the small menu, the presentation of the food. And how can you not be at peace here with a belly full of noodles and a thick wallet?
5	I have previously mentioned that I subconsciously have high ramen expectations.  But for some reason, this place just somehow managed to smash that.I was first taken here on something of a whim.  We were going somewhere else, then the plans changed.  I'll admit, I was definitely not happy about it, as I know that any ramen place has a 90% chance of disappointing me.  But the second I walked in, I was taken aback to the tiny ramen shops back in Japan, with 1 long bar and a few tables.  Immediately my attitude changed for the good.  I looked at the menu, just 3 kinds of ramen, but you really don't need an exotic variety, just the ones you're really good at making.Being kinda picky, I had ordered the Miso ramen, but with no mushroom or bamboo shoots, and added an egg and corn.  The soup came, and I did my usual broth test and was very surprised to find it was really good to me.  I added some sesame oil and went to town.  The egg was a nice addition, and the corn just reminded me of the food in Japan.  I was highly satisfied by the food and the place.  I will definitely be back again.
5	I have been looking for a place in Las Vegas to grab some good ramen for a very long time, and up until now I have yet to be very satisfied. After hearing so much about Monta me and a few friends decided to check the place out rather than go with our usual Tuesday night plan of getting wing Tuesdays at buffalo wild wings.We get to the parking lot and this place is pretty much something that you definitely had to hear about to come find because it was buried inside a small restaurant complex which I have passed a million times but never really noticed. The venue is very small. According to the max capacity sign it could only hold about 26 people but on a Tuesday night, it wasn't very busy.As I was browsing the menu, I wasn't too excited. I was hoping that they would have a larger selection of different ramen because all of the previous places I had been to had at least 7-8 different kinds. Monta however had 3 main types of ramen; Tonkatsu ramen, Miso ramen, and shoyu ramen. To go along with the ramen they had various different toppings you could add including boiled egg, extra slices of pork, more noodles, green onions among other things that I don't recall.I ended up ordering the Miso ramen with a boiled egg and 4 extra slices of pork and upon taking my first bite I was instantly satisfied. This was the ramen place I had been hoping to find all along. The pork was amazing and the egg was cooked just right. The miso broth and the noodles, everything blended in together so nicely. An order for extra noodles were only $2.00 but unfortunately, I had eaten just a little bit before going here so I couldn't get more but I will definitely be coming back much more often especially now that winter is around the corner and a nice bowl of hot Miso ramen will do me some good.Overall the meal cost me $10 which, considering all of the toppings i added, is very, very decently priced. I recommend this place to anyone who like me has been looking for really good Japanese ramen.
2	Dining in experience, soup is delicious.. To go experience not so good.. at work super hungry so I ordered ramen at Monta, picked up order and drove back to work. Open my lunch and to my amazement the noodles are not cook.. Called back asking why wasn't it cook they replied that they don't serve it cook but will only if ask. Told me next time you know to ask to cook noodle. lol WTF are you kidding me?!. never heard of ordering take out raw!!.
5	I haven't had great ramen in Vegas sinceI was stationed in Japan and in finally found one.  "Oishi"
4	Its been years since I've tried a good Ramen Spot.. Thanks to the fellow Yelpers I got another go to spot for some great hot soup (other than Pho) for those cold/chilly nights..I went here a couple days ago and decided to go for the suggested:Tonkatsu - Broth was Tasty and Creamy, resembled a Miso type soup. Noodles were great. The Pork was awesome, it was extremely tender!Shoyu - Broth was much darker than the Tonkatsu and had a slight soy sauce type flavor but a bit salty for my taste. Noodles great as well. The Pork definitely the highlight!Pork Belly Bowl (Regular Size) - First of, I'm so glad I ordered the full size than the small. I love Yoshinoya Beef Bowls and this was a Glorified version of it! This is a 100% Must TryGyoza - Great Starter, just dip it in a bit of soy sauce and enjoy..
5	I love their ramen!! taste so fresh and something that you can't have in Las Vegas.
5	Its official; I made my quest here today and I'm already craving round 2. It's gooooood!For those not in the know, I've been a ramen-iac since I was 12 and first learned how to cook myself a cup o' noodles. I spent several summers as a gawky teenager watching cartoons and gobbling noodles like a fiend. Over the years, and through thousands of packets of freeze-dried noodles I slurped onward. Kimchi flavor, Maruchan, Nissan, yam-noodles, dandan mien and instant jjangmyun, my adoration for the comfort of a big steaming bowl of chewy noodles drenched in broth steadily growing. I've tried Ichiza's, Shuseki's and making it myself- this tops the list. Ichiza's was close, but this place will most likely be my number one noodle-spot this winter. Coming up to the restaurant, I wouldn't have thought it was open if it weren't for the neon sign saying so. There's plenty of parking and it's right across the street from the shopping center with Shuseki. I sat at the bar as I was having lunch alone and wanted to see the action. One chef would feel out the proper amount of fresh noodles per bowl, roughly a fistful, and drop them into the boiling cauldron of water. On the other side was a large kettle of broth steaming away, ready at a moment's notice. In the background several men worked on various other tasks involving the pork and other side dishes. At the front of the bar was the Vegas Weekly magazine that mentioned them, as well as a Good-luck Kitty, which I thought was cute.Today, I opted for the miso. At first I couldn't decide- I'd tried the miso flavors at other establishments, so should I continue the trend for consistency of comparison, or deviate and expand my horizons further. I opted for the miso with nitamago, or egg. It didn't take long before my noodles were politely presented to me.The broth: Super porky. No MSG taste at all. Rich miso flavor-seemed like it was all white [sweet] miso. Great depth of flavor, with an intense, buttery mouth feel. Hit all the right notes and was intensely satisfying. Tastes like homemade.Noodles: Al dente egg noodles. Chewy and lots of them! Much better than anything instant with great slurpability. The egg: Beautifully cooked, creamy and custardy, it added an entirely new level of complexity to the broth and had an exceptional texture. Ichiza's eggs are close, but the one I had here was supple and gelatinous, cooked slowly and well. It was easily the best egg I've had in a restaurant this year. Pork: My bowl came with 2 slices of succulent, fall-apart tender pork. I could pull bite-size pieces off using my chopsticks. Thousands of times better than the terrifying piece of pork we were served at Shuseki. The pieces were thin, but I was satisfied with the amount I was given. You can always order more if you're willing to pay the additional charge.  Extras: The ramen comes with bamboo shoots, a few pieces of mushroom and a mountain of green onion. You can also add minced garlic paste, benishoga [red pickled ginger], sesame oil, furikake mix, sesame seeds, what looked like vinegar & a couple of other options are available either through the menu or asking your server.I found the portion large enough for a late brunch, tiding me over for hours and powering me through a trip to the dog park with 3 rowdy puppies. I'm extremely satisfied and happy with the meal I had here, and I bragged to several of my friends. I'm looking forward to trying the shoyu flavor next, as well as trying the spicy greens with it. I'll be back very soon!
4	Whenever I wanted to eat ramen in Las Vegas the best option was to stay home and cook a bag of Maruchan. Why is that you ask? Because at least then I'm already prepared to be disappointed. The ramen scene in Vegas is not that great, there are few choices of where to go and even fewer options of what type to order.Hearing from my friends that we were planning to visit a new ramen place I got quite excited. Were we finally going to find a place worth eating ramen at after all these years? The simple answer, yes.As soon as I walked into Monta I knew that this was going to be a place we would eat again. The decor was simplistic in nature and at the same time very enchanting. There were few seats, maybe 26 at most, but you didn't feel cramped at all. We chose to sit at the bar seating and got a great view of the chefs at work.A first look at the menu told me that there were three different types of ramen to choose from. This may not seem like a lot but accompanying that was a decent sized list of sides that you can add for a small price. As my nickname is Miso, I decided to stay true to it and order the miso ramen. I requested no bamboo shoots or mushrooms, that come with the order at no extra cost along with some slices of pork. I also decided to add an egg to my order because egg in my opinion makes everything better.The staff there was very upbeat and happily took our orders. They were very chatty with each other, but not in a bad way. This is the kind of staff that you know they enjoy their work. If anyone needed a refill on their drink the staff was very quick to notice and refill them without any trouble.As the food arrived all of us looked at our food putting off the first bite in fear of being disappointed once again by another bowl of ramen, boy were we wrong. The first bite was amazing and with that we began to devour our dinner with gusto. The flavor of the miso was a little on the salty side but not so much to over power it. The noodles were prepared well and the texture was enjoyable. The egg that I had ordered did not disappoint, and the pork was a pleasure to eat. The size of the order was enough to make me content. Had I wanted more there was an option for more noodles for $2.00, which is not that bad at all.Overall the experience at Monta was a great one. It may not be the best ramen out there, but it is for sure the best ramen you are going to find here in Vegas. The pricing is reasonable, the order came out to under $10.00, and the food did not disappoint. If you are looking for some good ramen, Monta is the place to go in town! We will most definitely be making return visits in the future!
4	Did you ever think there would be such a restaurant here in an "all-nighter city" that cooks and serves Ramen noodles? Yes, there is tucked in-between small shops along Spring Mountain Road or otherwise known as "Chinatown" in Vegas.As you may or may not know it', "Ramen" noodles is one of Japanese noodles invented in 1958 by Japan's Nissin Foods. These are thin, ribbon-like, lightweight, calorie-rich, tasty, and cheap that can be bought in packs of 1 or 10 (you can find them in your Asian or Oriental grocery near you or in any of your college friend's pantry). It's one of those quick cook-it-up soups.It's rather an eccentric choice of mine to dine in this place with my Mom last night around 6 p.m. on a very rainy night in Vegas. Soup is the answer to the cold, wet rain! Ramen is kind-of over-the-top in this restaurant!With a sweet, smiling greeting from the waitress, "Moshi, moshi!" in Japanese, which translates to "Hello" or rather "Welcome!" (I have learned a few Japanese greetings in high school and  having been to Tokyo before, the greeting didn't sound "foreign"). It brought a smile to my lips, I knew I would have a good dining experience. The restaurant is small and cozy but cheerful with minimalist Japanese style decor including the bathroom's interior design was contemporary Japanese. There are table seatings and bar-like seating available. Menu is simple. Three choices of Ramen noodle soups in "Tonkotsu Ramen" (pork bone), "Shoyu Ramen" (soy paste), and "Miso Ramen" (bean paste). Nothing else to confuse any soup-hungry soup-lover. A list of toppings for the noodles soup for an extra charge, 8 "Other Dishes", 4 kinds of cold beverages, 2 kinds of beer choices, but no dessert and no hot beverages on the menu.I ordered the house specialty soup which is the "Tonkatsu Ramen" Soup. It's very hearty soup in a thick, cloudy milk-like tasty broth. Topped with green onions, 3 slices of pork, bamboo shoots, and with kikurage (dried black mushrooms), I drizzled it with sesame seeds and hot spice powder. Oh, wow, there was no need for chewing the roast pork that melted in my mouth. Surely, the pork melts! Another dish I ordered was the "Mimi Mentaiko" which consists of Fish Cod Roe (or fish eggs which are red-orange in color is otherwise, caviar) with strips of nori seaweed and green onions topped on a bowl of steamed Japanese rice. Very appetizing, a sure favorite! The "Pork Belly Bowl" is also one dish you ought to try; delicious. As usual green tea on ice was my beverage pairing for these meals.Funny thing...the cheerful smiling waitress who served us went to show her colleagues in the kitchen my soup bowl which made her shyly squeal in delight to show them all it was empty!! I caught a glimpse of the cook's smile.Yes, I left nothing in the bowl, not even a drop of soup!It must have been that I really love soup, or it was cold and wet outside or just that I needed to fill my belly...how can you go wrong in making such a choice to eat for the night. For a price that's easy on your pocket, aahemm! wallet...an excellent deal! "Arigato gozaimas!" (English translation is "Thank you!"), as we left the restaurant in good spirit!
5	Small menu, small joint, small prices. And yet, this place takes up a big place in my noodle-loving heart. Last night, a friend and I got things rolling with Asahi and an order of crispy-edged gyoza. The Asahi, by the way, is on tap. That's rare.When the tonkatsu ramen arrived, I was afraid to dig in...at first, it just looked so pretty. The broth was cloudy and delicately shaded. Two large slices of tender pork lay atop a pile of ramen noodles. I got mine with a hardboiled egg - the two halves smiled up at me.I really love ramen. It's a bowl of super happy. This is the best I've had in town. I have no idea what the spicy stuff in the shaker was (it was explained to me once, but that was between Asahis one and two), but a sprinkling of that and sesame seeds added punch and richness. When you eat this stuff, make sure to savor it. There's a lot of flavor going on in there.So yeah. Pretty darn fantastic. I could imagine myself coming back, again and again...and I know what I'll pick up the next time I get the sniffles.
4	I'm from Vegas and recently moved to Dallas but when I heard about this place from my friends, I immediately put it on my to-do list when I went home to visit. The noodes were so yummy! They weren't too soft or soggy but had that great bouncy bite to them.. then there was the pork and egg... the thought of it makes me hungry again! I do have to say though, stay away from gyoza. You can get MUCH better elsewhere. Mine were burnt and stuck together.
4	If anyone read my review on the ramen restaurant in Anaheim recently, I am so happy to announce that the wonderful ramen experience there has been found at Monta!The one thing that made me fall in love with the other restaurant's ramen was the melt-in-your-mouth chasu.  Monta has just that.  Their ramen is delicious, the meat is wonderfully soft and flavorful, and their fried rice is do darn good.  I could eat four orders of their fried rice in one sitting!  I'm glad that I found more traditional ramen in Vegas--finally!  Monta is one hell of a ramen restaurant.  I believe that I'm retiring from the other ramen places in Vegas and sticking with Monta from now on.  If you haven't tried it and were looking on yelp for some assistance as to whether or not you should--YOU SHOULD.I fall for noodles made with love, and Monta serves a bowl of it every order they fill.  If I could serenade food, I'd ask Monta's ramen and chasu to marry me.
2	Whenever a craving for ramen hits , I usually went to togashi ramen. Since it closed been eating pho instead , not the same. While searching in yelp ran across monta noodle, with all the great reviews and the cool weather decided to give it a try .  God I wanted this to b good . I ordered the Tonkutso ramen .  Not impressed the soup was dull, the pork flavor did not jump out , kinda muddled flavors. Did not care for the noodles , don't know what type it was , but wife had the miso ramen and those noodles were the ones I'm used to eating little more rubbery bite(chewy). Even the miso ramen flavors were weak.  Also had the pork belly bowl , I liked the flavors of this dish jus wish the pork was sliced a little thicker.   The one good thing was the bill was only $21 . Service was good.        I miss togashi ramen and their mabo tofu ramen :( , well the search goes on for ramen....
5	Been here a couple of times and it's so good.  I haven't tried the Miso Ramen yet so can't say much about that.  I've tried the Shoyu Ramen and Tonkatsu Ramen and both are AMAZING!!!  They give you a good amount of soup, not too little and not too much.  What makes it even better are the prices, they range from $6.95-$7.95...definitely affordable.This place is small and only has a maximum occupancy of 26 but the wait is not long at all.  We came here on a busy night and only waited about 5 minutes.
4	My wife and I finally got to try this restaurant last night.  From all the reviews, we were excited to try this place out.  Wow!!  We are fans.  The tonkotsu and shoyu ramen were excellent.  The thick noodle was cooked to perfection. The broth, in my opinion even tastes better than some of the restaurants in Tokyo.  Also the char siu is very flavourful, but a little too thinly sliced.  The fried rice was also very good.  I am so happy that we finally have an authentic ramen noodle house in my backyard.  Will definitely be back for more delicious ramen and broth.   I want to give 4.5 stars but I can't.  1/2 star off for those thin sliced char siu.
5	Being a pretty lucky teen, I've had the chance to travel, and try many ramen shops around Las Vegas area, California, as well as Japan and Hong Kong. Though it is not up to what I have tried in Japan, it is pretty close. This is a small ramen shop at the back of a shopping centre. Max occupancy is probably give or take 25-30 people max with option to sit at the bar or table. Staff gives a very friendly welcome upon entry. A lot of times, this restaurant is quite busy. The restaurant has a nice warm feeling (not due to the heat from cooking) but it resembles some ramen shops i have tried and seen in Tokyo, Japan. Upon sight of the menu, the front cover has a little story of origins of ramen. When you see the selection of foods they provide, it is not much. This is one of the few places, that i really like, that don't offer a wide variety of foods. Not only do they specialize in what they offer, it is also the only thing they need because of how well made it is. They have three broth selections. Tonkotsu, which is a pork bone based broth (usually slowly boiled and simmered for many hours to create a white flavor-filled broth), Miso, and Shoyu (soy-sauce based). Being a fan of tonkotsu ramen, that was the first broth i had tried and loved. Price range for the different soup is i believe 6.95 - 7.95 with Shoyu and tonkotsu being $6.95 and Miso at 7.95 [don't quote me on the pricing but i do remember the miso being more expensive than tonkotsu for some reason... you'd think the one with more work (tonkotsu) would be more expensive]They offer a variety of toppings ($1 - $2.50 each) you can choose to add to the ramen as well, ranging from extra pork, green onions, corn, butter, some green vegetable (forgot the name). Hearing great things about their pork, that was what i had ordered as an additional topping. There is also the option of getting extra noodles for a small fee of $2. Take note, there are two types of noodles they use between the 3 broths. I believe Tonkotsu uses one, while miso and shoyu uses another. They also offer sides like gyoza, pork over rice, etc. Upon arrival of food, i was amazed how well the ramen looked. The soup had a deep white color, pipping hot freshly made. The soup was not thin but not thick as well. Not sure how to explain, but it was a broth that looked to be filled of flavor. As most people, the first thing to try was the soup. Upon tasting of the soup, I was amazed. The flavor of the soup was rich, extremely flavorful, not too salty or sweet. It was like, perfection was reached. The noodles were a little over al dente which was perfect for ramen. The table has spices that you can add on top of your ramen like chili oil and this spicy spice mix. The pork they used was a 1/2 fatty 1/2 meat type of cut formed in a circular shape. Being of Asian origin, it was exactly how I liked it. As said before, the option of extra noodles was available so some of the pork was saved. They amount of noodles you get is quite an amount (usually wont expect too much for "additional noodles" but if anything, it may have been a slightly larger serving then that was in the original bowl. The additional noodles is given in a bowl, heated and ready to be thrown into your original soup. Lets just say, every single time, i order a bowl of ramen, additional noodles.. and never have soup left over =] Service is great. Food is great. Price is reasonable. Recommend to many friends and family. One of the best ramen places i've ever been to
5	First off, I respect any place that has great service & a friendly staff, so as long as they're respectful, they get a ton of points just for that.My friend suggested I go to this place when I asked for a place to eat at because my friend#2 and I were pretty hungry. A few of my other friends have also been visiting this place a lot within the past week so I finally got a chance to try it out.The place is in a small plaza and the building itself is very small and cozy. When we went there, the place was somewhat busy and there was limited seating. There was just one table left and instead of taking it, I took the bar with my friend because I thought another bigger party might need it later.Because of a friend's suggestion, I ordered miso ramen for my first time, but that was disappointing. I didn't like it, but my friend did. He had his with the boiled egg as well. Maybe it's because I'm not a ramen eater or something, but it was somewhat salty to me and I didn't really like the taste. I wonder if it has something to do with it being miso? I don't know.My goal is to try all 3 types of ramen they have just to see if there is one I'll really like. I shall update then. They also have extra stuff that you can add to your ramen (ie: egg, extra pork, corn, etc.) that starts at $0.75+. The menu is quite cute and small. The choices are limited, but I think it's just right. Beats all those menus that are overwhelming.My friends all love this place. Give it a try and you might fall in love with it, too.update: I've tried all the ramen and ever since, I always go back for Tonkatsu Shoyu ramen. updated to 5 stars.
5	When I first tried it in the summer, it was too hot for noodles.  The place didn't have a/c and I was melting away in the desert heat.  This place grew on me and now I love it.  I can't help slurping the delicious broth or chewing on those oh so yummie noodles.  It's become my go to spot for the past few weeks. - M2
4	this is the first ramen spot i've been to since i've moved to vegas.keep in mind, i went home over the summer and had daikokuya [my absolute favorite ramen place back in l.a.], and my review may be slightly biased. but - the ramen was definitely yummy!its a small place, but definitely cozy and gives a nice home kind of feel. service is great! although, my friend asked for an extra order of noodles [i guess there's somewhere on the menu that says if you order extra noodles, save some of your broth for the second batch of noodles] and towards the end he asked for them but he ate the broth with the noodles. that got a little confusing. if im ever really craving ramen, and i'm not going home anytime soon, this will definitely be my spot!
5	Excellent..simple ramen menu done wellone of the best tasting Tonkatsu broths I've had.  I added Ni Tamago (hard boiled egg with soft center) and had a small cha su rice bowl
4	I love this place especially now that its chilly outside! I like that the place is small and that the menu is the simple. I have tried all three of the broths and they are all very good but if you ask me the shoyu is the way to go and add an egg you wont regret it!
4	This is the first and only ramen place I have been in Vegas.  We all got some sort of ramen... as for other stuff on the menu, i haven't tried so not sure if it's good... my friend got this rice thing with fish eggs on it... he had a few bites and left it... apparently not good.I plan on taking my parents to this place for ramen when they visit vegas! Highly recommend the ramen.
2	This place is tiny. It has basically 3 different types of ramen and you pick and choose your toppings. It is very unique for Vegas and it is what  typical ramen house is. I guess since I am not crazy for ramen, I just thought it was OHKAY. I had the miso ramen with kimchee and corn, because when it comes out it comes out bland. They give you 2 tiny pieces of pork, and it looks very fatty. The ramen noodles were good and seemed fresh. The soup is hearty. The noodles in the tonkatsu ramen are thin and look different.
5	I've always been on the lookout for good Japanese Ramen, and I always thought that Ichiza's ramen was the closest I'd ever get to authentic. Boy was I proven wrong, Monta's was the most amazing and flavorful ramen I've ever had in a long time.  I'm not from Japan, but I am from Hawaii so I do know what good ramen's supposed to taste like.  Despite it being a little pricey, I say I'd go back for another bowl.  The people were nice, and the atmosphere is very chill.  I ordered the Tonkatsu Shoyu ramen and added pork belly, nori, hard boiled egg, corn and butter....and damn! did that intensify the flavor. My best friend ordered the Miso ramen with pork, and Nori.  His didn't look as amazing as mine, but it was good regardless.
4	Simply Japan and Good(^w^) When I walked in, I was instantly happy because how much it reminded me of small Japanese ramen shop in Osaka. They play Japanese music from 70's to present, which adds good touch to the resutrant. I ordered tonkotsu ramen, their broth is excellent, rich creamy and yummy =DTheir noodle is straight skinny type, which is good match for tonkotsu broth. I had their Gyoza, witch is homemade and delicious. Their chashu tastes like real chashu you can get in Japan (^w^) mmmMMI would definitely go back their when i goto Vegas next time =D
3	When we woke up today it was and my wife had a cold. So we figured it would be a good day for soup and headed off to Monta for some ramen.We both ordered green tea hoping for a soothing, warm start to the meal. The waiter brought out two cans of cold green tea. We explained we were expecting hot tea and were told they don't have any hot tea. So we asked for water with lemon but were told they don't have lemon. I ended up ordering a diet coke and my wife stuck with plain waterThings went smoother from there.I ordered the Tonkatsu ramen with egg, nori, and mustard greens. It was good, salty.My wife ordered the Tonkatsu shoyu ramen with egg and green onion. It was also good and less salty than mine.I highly recommend getting the eggs. It was a great addition to both. Beyond that, choose what you like.Overall, I preferred my wife's ramen and she preferred mine. We switched midway through though I was only halfway done and she'd finished two-thirds of hers. I got ripped off.We also ordered kimchee and gyoza. The kimchee was good but nothing special. The gyoza never arrived. However, the kimchee and ramen were plenty, so we didn't make a big deal of it. (I did check the receipt and verified we weren't charged for the gyoza.)Great place for a rainy day, some of the best ramen I've ever had.
4	I'm all for authenticity and the like, so going into the Monta Noodle House is something of a nice nostalgia because it reminds me of a ramen shop in Japan; it's small and cozy yet with that "hole in the wall" charm.The entire menu fits on one page, which for those that like variety I would suggest you search somewhere else to cure your soul for that variety of ramen. For entertainment purposes though, my group started out with an order of their gyoza, which was made from scratch, and was very tasty. The texture was a bit crispy-like on the outside, and that's all that it took (I think) to make it that much tastier. The inside had that "it's hot, but just right" feel to make it warm up the insides.Though really now, it's all about the ramen. Monta prepares ramen in a Japanese fashion, the importance on the soup base. I had the tonkatsu (pork) base with extras of corn, egg, nori (seaweed for those who don't know), and some extra tonkatsu. The broth was a little bit saltier than I would have liked it, but all in all it was a very good blend of flavors that would make anybody want to come back for more. (b^^)bIn terms of drinks, you want to avoid pretty much everything on the menu besides water. It's a ramen shop, so you really want to focus more on the awesomeness of ramen, but I'm a bit sad that there isn't hot tea; my group ordered tea thinking it was hot, but it comes in a can that's been sitting in a fridge. Not a big letdown, but on a cold day in Las Vegas (those do exist) it would be nice to have a cup of hot tea to go with the ramen.Atmosphere wise, everything resembles your typical Japanese ramen shop. The music adds a nice touch, but really it's the small, cramped family-like atmosphere that gives it that ramen shop touch. It's definitely good for those who want to catch up with one another or a small group of people looking for somewhere to eat; that's the atmosphere that was created.All in all, a very good experience and if you want to eat some good legitimate Japanese style ramen, Monta is the place you want to go. (b^^)b
4	holy cow it's cold in Vegas! we can't believe it was snowing on the way up here but that's more reasons to come to Monta for a warm bowl of delicious Ramen.Even though it's a small hole in the wall the wait wasn't more than 10 minutes.  We got the white broth with pork.  i like how there's mushroom and bamboo standard with every bowl.Gyoza was pan fried to a crisp but was missing a dipping sauce? yah i guess soy sauce could do the trick. I think the ramen and broth was really good but i still like the special pork in Mitsuwa (SD) much better.
4	Best Ramen in Vegas?  Only true Ramen House in Vegas?  Yes and Yes... Monta's Simple.  Hot.  Tasty.  Highly recommend to anyone in Vegas or visiting Vegas and wants to try something off the strip.  The mister and eldest son had the Miso and I had the Tonkatsu Shoyu (less salty than the Miso).  I had mine plain while extra chashu was added to one of the Miso's.  All of them were SO GOOD. The younger son had a small pork belly rice bowl but we had to spoon away all the vegetables that decorated it (green onions, pickled ginger shreds...).  He liked it.I only gave 4 stars because I'm not much of a Ramen eater because of all the MSG.  And Unfortunately, I did end up with a migraine :(.  It's a super small joint and soda's are served in a can... I don't think they have hot drinks... yet.
5	Man, oh man!  The Tonkatsu ramen was sooooo goood!  It was a cool day in Las Vegas and what better way to warm up than with a big bowl of ramen.  Very tasty rich broth.  The ramen noodles was cooked al dente.  The pork slices were actually slices of belly pork and when you touched it, it kind of melts into the broth!  Oooooh, delicious!  I had my ramen with the boiled egg.  There were condiments on the table and I put some of that pureed garlic into my soup to give it an extra garlic kick!  We also ordered one fried rice and a gyoza appetizer.  Yummy!  All items gold stars!  The restaurant is tiny with 4 tables of 4 and 1 table of 2 and a L-shaped  bar counter, facing the open kitchen.  You can watch the cooks make the ramen in front of you.  The wait staff are all very polite.  Turnover is fast as people come and go all the time we were at the restaurant for lunch today.Definitely will come back to Monta Noodle House!
5	Very good ramen.  I've been here about five times and I like the tonkotsu the best, which is pork bone broth.  But it is very filling.  Right now, they are offering the tonkotsu mixed with the shoyu broth.  It has pieces of pork and the tonkotsu noodles.  This is a little less filling but does not have enough of the pork taste for me.  My husband prefers the noodles in the shoyu so we might try to get those noodles in the tonkotsu/shoyu.  We shall see.  I have not tried the miso as most people tell me it is very thick and salty.  I can't tear myself away from the tonkotsu - it is so good!  I'll just stick with that.I highly recommend getting the takana mustard leaf in your ramen.  It is very, very flavorful.  Also, they have containers of fresh garlic and ginger scattered about the place.  If there isn't one on your table, just ask.  It's a great addition to the ramen if you are a fan of garlic and/or ginger.  Free addition to the ramen! The gyoza is good too, but keep in mind, you will likely be surprisingly full after just some ramen.If the place is crowded, they will set up a waitlist that you have to write your name on.  It's outside taped to a table by the door.  If they are really busy, they may not stop to explain this to you, so just keep an eye out for the list if the place is full.It's true, as some of the reviewers say, that it is unbearably hot inside the restaurant during the summer. But they are good with the beverage refills (Asahi on tap!) and just be thankful you don't have to work there all day! Plus, when it was too warm inside, the turnover was quick so the wait for a table was shorter.  Now that it is colder outside, it seems like people linger and chat.  But still, turnover is decent so if there is a wait, don't despair.  You need to spend $10 minimum to use a credit card.
4	In a land of fakes - Paris, NY, Venice, etc., this place was certainly refreshing.  It's reminiscent of a ramen shop in Japan in the decor, layout, line out the door from the moment it opens, and, most importantly, the taste.This place could compete against some of the shops in LA or in San Jose.  And, like most of those places, they specialize in tonkotsu broth.  I had the tonkotsu shoyu, and my friends had the plain tonkotsu.  I'd actually recommend the tonkotsu - not as much going on, and you can taste the purity of the broth, which is quite good.  Not too strong (which is why the shoyu kind of overpowered it), but a little more subtle.  The garlic was at the counter, and I noticed it later, if you want a little more oomph in your broth.The nitamago wasn't too strong, but nicely flavored as well.Overall, a great find that I didn't expect.
4	I was very impressed with Monta Noodle House ramen. I went on a Friday afternoon during peak lunch & got a table for 8 in just 10-15 minutes. Ordered the Tonkotsu broth with egg. The noodles were perfect, thin just how I like it. The broth was just the right texture & I like how you can add your own garlic & ginger to get the right flavor/taste. The egg was medium boiled...soooo good! The pork was just okay- The peices were thin & it didn't taste very fresh, I've had better. But overall, very good bowl of ramen. I'm kind of a ramen addict so am very picky about my ramens. This one seemed very authentic & the staff in the kitchen were Japanese, which is a plus.Also had the pork belly for an appetizer. That was very tasty, tender, & fatty!The location is away from the strip but the ramen was reasonably priced & definitely worth the drive! I would come back again!
4	Monta Noodle House is the kind of joint you end up in when you come to Vegas with a bunch of Asians.  Ehem! Let me rephrase that... hungover Asians.  This joint is mad smalls yo!  Not only that, it was packed at 4pm!!! Yeah the hungover Asians woke up effin late for "lunch".  We obviously had to wait since we rolled 9 deep up... We waited around for maybe 20 minutes inside since it was way too cold to wait outside.  We were finally seated and served by the nicest waitress ever.  This chick smiled every moment that I remember at Monta.  Very nice and curtious.We ordered the following dishes:Miso Ramen with Chasu:  If you order this Ramen, I warn you... DO NOT ADD BUTTER!  This thing is mad heavy.  I felt I was drinking mashed potatoes at one point.  The flavor was amazing but it came out warm and not hot enough for the weather.  I wish my bowl was just a bit warmer and less heavy.  Other than this the soup was really good.  The chasu pork just melted in my mouth. mmmmDumplings:  Perfectly fried.  Now I've tried dumplings for many years and this place had one of the best!  Dumplings are supposed to have that golden roast fried look.  Monta's dumplings all had this color.  Once your dumpling has dark brown or black then that mo'fo is burned out and will be waaay to crispy.  If your dumpling doesn't have that golden roast then it probably is just semi fried which is too bland and soggy.  Pork Belly Rice:  This was pretty good too.  Very tender and well marinated meat and enough ginger for a unique taste.  Most people in my party chose this as their favorite. Ton Katsu Ramen:  My friends ordered this Ramen which was pretty good in my opinion.  The description on the menu made it seem very rich in fat and unhealthy but it actually turned out to be less heavy than the Miso I ate.Good to know where to get my Ramen fix in Las Vegas!
4	Overall, I'm giving this place 4 stars but the tonkotsu ramen deserves 5 stars by itself.  I loved the flavor of the soup and how the noodles were cooked just right.  My brother and bf were hesitant to go because they've had not so good ramen before but both of them loved the ramen they ordered (tonkotsu and shoyu).  My brother loved it so much, he went again 2 days later.  I'll definitely be going back again and again for the ramen!  And next time, I'll try the extra toppings..but it says a lot about the flavor of the soup when I loved it plain the way it came.So why the 4 stars?  We also ordered kimchi fried rice and the dumplings.  The dumplings were ok, nothing special about it.  It came slightly burnt and were all stuck together.  The kimchi fried rice was ok too, but more sour than the normal ones I've had.  Stick to the ramen and you'll love this place!
4	Went back again- my expectations were too high the first time. On a second opinion, this is an excellent noodle house. Don't get the mustard greens, and everything will be not too salty.
5	This is the best ramen I have had in any state.  I always get the Miso Ramen with extra chashyu.  The chashyu is melt in your mouth amazing.  Portions are huge the servers are nice... I really cant find anything wrong with this place.  To drink they even have calpico and some Japanese beer.  The gyoza is good as well.  Everything else on the menu looks delicious, but I also just end up ordering ramen since it is a noodle house.  Don't go here with more than 4 people though, because as is common in Japan ramen houses this place is very tiny and can get quite crowded.  I honestly recommend going right when they open.
3	I'm actually quite surprised by all the high praise of this place. I enjoyed it, don't get me wrong, but I found the broth to be much too salty. It's probably the best ramen in Vegas, but that really isn't saying much. I'll probably give this place another chance and try the Tonkatsu Ramen, after hearing all the positive responses, but I really just think it's regular at best...
5	So far my favorite ramen house in vegas.... And its close to home!
1	If you have ever had ramen in So Cal (Santouka and Shin-Sen-Gumi Hakata for example), you'd know this place does not measure up at all.  My Miso Ramen was thick and salty.  It was more like gravy than soup.  My fiance's Gyoza tasted like they were bought from the asian supermarket.  While the botton was cooked, the top was still cold.  Bad choice for dinner.
5	The cliff notes version = this place is amazing!I am not a ramen expert by any means but I have had it before, and for me, this place dominates.  One of my best friends is obsessed with it and I didn't understand why until now.  The only thing I have had is the shoya (soy) ramen and it was a religious experience for me and it might be a while before I try anything else.  Imagine a bowl of broth that taste like the most amazing piece of seasoned caramelized roasted pork ever, it's not thick but has that velvety satisfying stock feel that only comes from stewing all that flavor and goodness from bones for endless hours.  Now in the broth, perfectly al dente noodles that soaked up all that awesome flavor.  They are al dente, you still have to chew them but they are by no means undercooked.  Then take slow roasted pork bellies that are so tender that you could cut it with, I don't know, a piece of grass, and slice it and float in on top.  Along with that add just a few slivers of some vegetable things that are cooked so they are just barely firmer than the noodles along with a touch of scallions.The only thing that would be more porkly satisfying would be a pork loin wrapped in bacon.  It is crazy but it somehow reminds me of one of my favorite things in the world, carnitas.  Well it hits the same spot at least.  It's perfect too because it's got enough fat so you know you are eating pork but it's still lean-ish so you don't feel like killing yourself via hara-kiri after (It's the perfect lunch).  I mean I worked out about an hour after the last time I had it, try doing that after a carnitas plate.  I love pho but this ramen flipped my noodle soup world on it's head.  I can't sleep right now I just want to go back and eat more.  P.S.  I have seen this place here before on this site and had it bookmarked but then I saw it pop up in the book "Eating Las Vegas" as one of the best 50 spots in vegas.
4	Great.  Three ramen choices, lots of add ons, and a big city feel to the very small restaurant.  I can't say enough good things about Monta.  You may find better ramen in town (like at Social House) but the setting and authenticity can't be beat.
3	Destined to find yummy ramen where ever my travels takes me...lol. A little removed from the strip for the tourist but not too difficult to find.  Definitely a busy place at around 7ish on a weekday night. Lucked out for a table as there are only 5/6 depending how they're arranged for size. Wood benches, chairs, stools, tables and wainscoting lined the restaurant.   There's also L shaped seating for around 10, bar style, around the kitchen area.  The restaurant later filled up with people waiting outside, so be prepared to wait during the typical eat times.Menu was simple as there was only 3 types of ramen you could order, Miso, Shoyu, Tonkotsu and a couple of rice dishes.  Decided to try the shoyu ramen ($6.95) with toppings (ranges from $0.50 - $1.50) corn, kimchi, and Kaedama (extra noodles).  The broth was tasty and not too salty and the pork was flavourful with the melt in your mouth taste.  The corn was not too buttery but the kimchi could of been better. I was expecting more taste from the kimchi, as it was toned down from other Ramen places I've tried in the past as well as Korean restaurants. The extra noodles was served on the side and was fist sized.  Do this if you're extra hungry...I was comatose after finishing this.  The noodle was a little skinnier than expected but had the right consistency and texture. The gyoza was not too my liking (didnt finish) and I can live off dumplings! The exterior was grilled too long aka burnt and the 'insides' was semi cold like another yelper had mentioned....hmmmm...im guessing store bought?  I imagine them being frozen and put on the grill not long enough but on extra high heat!!! (I know this how??? I make them when I'm home...lol)Yes, I'd come here again for a quick bowl of noodles but thats about it.
5	Thank the gods Las Vegas has a place like this.  I was addicted to the pork at Gomen in Anaheim until I came here.  The order consisted of:GyozaFried RiceTonkotsu RamenChashu BowlI found myself anticipating each round of Umami goodness because each dish was devoured so quickly.  Those gyoza were nice and crispy and tasted great.  The definite star was the pork.  I found myself assuring I got a piece in every bit of the Fried Rice.  The Chashu in the Ramen was a perfect combination and that Chashu Bowl was just pure pork indulgence.  We even ordered some Fried Rice and extra Chashu to go because I was sure to be craving that pork later in the night, and sure enough I did.  I'm cravingThis place is an easy choice.  It's a small menu but everything is done so well.  Great prices for the quaity of food you get.  You can't go wrong with anything here IMO.
5	Never really thought to try and even find a ramen house in Vegas, considering, one typically is drunk and just walking about the strip all day long, but this place was DEFINITELY a good find.  Chanced upon this quaint little establishment while visiting friends in Vegas and they recommended that we should eat here because I loved noodles so much.  Definitely comparable to my favorite ramen places...5 stars as far as Vegas is concerned!  :)I was a little skeptic at first, but walking into this tiny little place, which probably seats no more than 20 - 30 guests, was one of the pleasant little surprises of my trip.  Ordered the Gyoza and the Tonkotsu ramen with the hard boiled egg.  The gyoza...typical.  The ramen was actually quite good.  The noodles were nice and soft, and the broth was flavorful and not too much.  The yolk of the egg was pretty salty, even for my taste(and I LOVE salty), but the Chasu...MAN, I don't know exactly how they cooked it, but it was frickin good.  I ate all of my ramen and my fiancee's leftovers and was so full, but would've still eaten some more, just because I liked it so much.  I can definitely see this place getting quite busy at peak times, considering the size and all, so come outside of the meal rush hours.  Service - good.  No complaints and nothing especially out of the ordinary either.  Parking is fine, the place shares a large lot with several other establishments...
3	I read a review down below that kinda summed up this experience for me: Southern California Ramen restaraunts have spoiled me and jaded my taste buds.  The pork they put in their soup is a little on the fatty side and the broth seems to have to not been skimmed enough since it is also oily and fatty.  Interesting atmosphere though.  However I would say that if you want better Ramen go down the street to Ichiza.  Monta has a limited menu of just oily soup while Ichiza is an explosion of variety AND they have better Ramen soup.
5	Strange - i thought for sure i wrote a review on Monta.I have to rate their Tonkatsu Ramen my fav dish for 2010 and trust me, considering i eat out at least 7 meals/ week, it takes a lot to rate so high.  It ain't the fanciest , it ain't the cheapest but it's simply, just right.  Add the roast pork, the egg and corn to the ramen and it's ALL GOOD  !!!Base price is $7 but adding the extras puts it over $10.  I always share the bowl with the gf, along with either get the pork belly bowl or the gyoza but  the star of the show is the ramen.  Raku and Monta in the same shopping center ...nice !
4	My first experience with authentic Japanese ramen, and I was not disappointed. Prior to Monta, the only types of ramen I ate were in packages, cups and bowls, usually Korean in descent and instant in nature. So I was surprised, in a good way, when I discovered that Japanese ramen is nothing like the ramen I've eaten before. My boyfriend was craving ramen for dinner, so I immediately suggested Monta Noodle House after remembering all the positive reviews on Yelp. We entered the restaurant and, thankfully, they had a table for two available. The restaurant itself is small, reminiscent of an authentic ramen house in Japan (at least in my mind). Service was friendly and quick given the ratio of servers to customers. After reading over the menu, he ordered the Miso Ramen with extra char siu and a Mini Mentaiko while I ordered the Tonkotsu/Shoyu Ramen and an order of Gyoza. Here is the breakdown of the food:Gyoza- Hot pan-fried pork and vegetable dumplings with just the right amount of crisp from the charred skin which contrasted well with the soft and juicy meat filling. Overall, very good and savory. Miso Ramen- He enjoyed his ramen, saying that it tasted very authentic. I tried some of his ramen, and while I preferred the broth of his ramen, I liked the thinner noodles from my ramen more. Mini Mentaiko- He enjoyed this as well. I think it was the perfect light contrast to the heavy ramen. Tonkotsu/Shoyu Ramen- Delicious! The noodles were perfectly cooked, and the vegetables added texture and mildness to the rich broth. My only complaints are that the broth was just a tad too salty for my taste and the char siu lacked the meatiness I wanted. Overall, we enjoyed dinner that night. I enjoyed my experience there so much that two days after my initiation into the Japanese ramen world I went again with my mom.
3	We ordered the shoyu ramen and fried rice.  I did enjoy the soup but I felt the noodles were a bit al dente.  I've had better fried rice, it just had tons of chunky onions in it.  A quick fix to my ramen craving in Vegas.
5	Finally! A very good Ramen joint in Vegas. This place is much more the real Japanese ramen joint than the (now defunct) Togoshi Ramen.Monta is in a small strip mall on Sprint Mountain Rd, just West of Decatur. It is very easy to miss as you go by. And the shop is very small, with only four 4 place table, 1 2 place table, and about 10 counter seats. They only accept cash so beware.I recently learned of this place right here on yelp and had to give it a try. Like others on this forum, I grew up eating fantastic ramen all over Japan. And have long been searching... I was elated when Santouka came to the states and even more ecstatic when local joints like Orenchi (Cupertino, CA) that are very much like the ramen I used to know in Japan... started to pop up.I'd like to preface this review with the fact that I like tonkotsu, thick chijirimen (wavy noodles) usually, so I am usually biased towards that. Monta has 4 basic types of ramen flavors: Tonkotsu, Shoyu, Miso, and new (at least it said new today) Tonkotsu Shoyu which is a combination of the Tonkotsu and Shoyu broths.Tonkotsu, of course, is pork based broth. The Shoyu uses chicken broth (according to Monta), but I also detected some dashi (fish based) in there as well. Tonkotsu, and Tonkotsu Shoyu uses thin straight noodles. Shoyu and Miso uses the thick wavy noodles. Each ramen @  $6.95 comes with 2 slices of char shu, kikurage (woodear mushrooms), memma (seasoned bamboo shoots), and chopped green onions. There are other toppings available as mentioned in other reviews, along with kaedama (literally means "replacement ball") extra noodles.Kaedama is usually ordered as you go, not in the beginning. This is because if get it at the same time as your ramen, then the noodles either go cold, or get overcooked. This is one of the reasons why I do not like places that have a "Large" size. By the time you're half way through, the noodles are too overcooked. I commend Monta for doing the kaedama the right way.Anyway, I was @ Monta today, Thu, at 2 pm, and the place had a waiting list 8 deep! It took us abobut 20 minutes to get seated, and as we got seated, the wait line even got longer. OK... my expectations are way high... but be cautious... this, after all, is the only ramen only joint in Vegas....I ordered the Tonkotsu Shoyu with nitamago and extra char shu. My wife had the Shoyu with nitamago. We also had gyoza. In the kitchen, there are basically 2 guys preparing the dishes. One guy that does the ramen, another that does the fried rice and others. And with the packed house, the service was slow.But when the ramen finally came, I was not disappointed. Despite my doubts, the Tonkotsu Shoyu had a wonderful balance and marriage of pork and chicken broth. My wife's Shoyu, I believe due to the chicken stock, had a very mellow aspect to it which also gave the Tonkotsu a very mellow and non-overpowering flavor. I finished the broth to the last drop, including my wife's Shoyu/Chicken broth.The noodles... My thin noodles were not overcooked, and about just right when my ramen came out. But because of its thinness, by the time I got half way through my ramen (and I'm a relatively quick ramen eater, beating my wife by a good 10 minutes :-)) was way overcooked and mushy soft. Next time, I will see if they will cook it less (katame, or as I do at Kyushu Jyangara in Tokyo, bari-kata... crispy as in ironed with starch). My wife's chijirimen was very good with good amount of al dente,a and the chewiness one expects in good ramen.  If I can't get them to cook the thin noodles to super al dente, then my backup plan is to have them use the thick noodles in the Tonkotsu ramen.The boiled egg is soft boiled, but the yolk does not run. I like my soft boiled egg a with a bit more runny yolk. But nevertheless it was still good. The Char shu was one the the better ones I had in the states. very tender, melts in your mouth, with good flavor... not too over powering, not too bland. The slices were on the thin side, but I got a total of 8 slices by ordering the extra char shu topping ($2.50). In summary both the Tonkotsu Shoyu and Shoyu ramens were done very well, with a good balance of broth, noodles, and toppings in a dish that came together very very well. Too many times, I have been to ramen places in the states where the broth may be good, but noodles lack, or vice versa, or even where all the individual ingredients are good, but the finished product just doesn't cut it.The gyoza, unlike one reviewer here, I though were also very good. I would beg to differ that this is not like store bought gyoza as it is stuffed with pork whereas the store bought ones are more heavy on the nappa cabbage and not stuffed. The flavor is also very good, however, I like my gyoza wet...that is with a bit more juice as you bite into them.In the end though, I give Monta 5 stars even with the few deficiencies. Monta, in my book, share the top honors with Orenchi in Cupertino,
4	We went to Monta Noodle House for Japanese Ramen.  It's in Vegas Chinatown area, behind the Jack In the Box, in the Seoul Plaza.They have good hours something like 11:30a-10p everyday.  I got:Tonkotsu ramen $6.95 - it's a small bowl, 2 pcs fatty pork, small amount of noodles, some green onions, & the broth, no egg that's extra, no seaweed - that's extra.  Still liked it.B. got Miso Ramen $7.25 w/ extra bamboo shoots .50 + nori .75Our total 15.45 + $1.25 tax = $16.70 before tip.  Charged it.Quick & fast dinner before our flight home.
4	Monta delivered again with great ramen and gyoza. Still believe it to be some of the best ramen I've had outside of Japan.
4	I admit that Monta has the best ramen anywhere in Vegas.  The stuff they serve at Ichiza and Shuseki has nothing on them!  The noodles are fresh and the broth, whether tonkatsu, miso, or shoyu, is always steaming hot and extremely flavorful.  I appreciate that it's the real stuff and not the packaged, powder crap other places use.  Yes, Monta is a noodle house but their fried rice is just as good, if not better.  For someone who doesn't really like fried rice, I would come just for that.  Their gyoza was just okay.  I've had better.   Even though the place is (extremely) small, I like that it's cozy.  There was only one time when I actually had to wait for a table, but as always, the wait was worth it.  A basic bowl of ramen will cost you almost $8.  That's kind of steep, especially in the economy that we're in now.  An extra $1.50 for a hard boiled egg also seems a bit much, don't you think?  I guess it's really quality over quantity with this place. Four out of five stars because food quality is good, service is good, but pricing isn't the best.  This place is always a pleasure though.  If you haven't been, you probably should soon.
3	My ramen noodles weren't cooked all of the way and I'm too shy to say something...  It was raw and unenjoyable. I've been a big japanese ramen fan ever since Naruto and trust me, I am not too critical about it because it's usually awesome. The cha shu pork slices are fatty and rich in butter. I don't really enjoy that but some people do! The tonkotsu broth is the best part. The wait is ridiculous and the menu is like a customizable kind of thing.  I like Yokohama Kaigenro a lot better, try it out before your overrate this place! :)
5	Really good stuff. An authentic Japanese ramen place.  I'd come back here and try other menu items next time.
4	I've been coming to this place since they've opened.  I would give them 5 stars if I had reviewed them earlier, but as of late their broth has been overly salty.  However, I keep coming back for more since this is pretty much the only legitimate ramen shop that I know of in the Las Vegas Valley area.I usually order the miso ramen with nitamago, shredded green onions, and corn (sometimes I go wild and order butter too).  The broth is on the fattier side, and is rich and nutty.  Overall, this is a good bowl of ramen.Service is friendly and quick and their streamlined menu captures all the quintessential components of your basic ramen shop.
4	My experience with ramen is limited. There was a place near the Beverly Center in Los Angeles where I had some and liked it enough to return. The ramen at Monta is a whole other level of good. It's not only the best ramen I've ever had, it's the best Japanese food. My experience with Japanese food is that presentation is more important than flavor. That wasn't the case here. We started with gyoza. These dumplings were tasty although maybe a tad too salty for me. Then our ramen soon arrived. I got the kontatsu with pork belly, green onions, egg and corn. The broth was tasty. A couple of different flavors going on. Quite savory. The noodles were perfect. Not overcooked and delicious. And all the toppings were good, too. Janet got miso soup and was quite happy with her choice. She noted it was thicker than my soup.It seems like a winner.When we got there at 7 p.m. there were a couple of open tables and most of the bar was empty. By the time we left just after 8 p.m., every seat was taken, we had to push through a half dozen people standing at the door waiting to eat and another couple of cars pulled up with people going there to eat. It seems quite popular. Most of the people inside appeared to be of Japanese descent.
3	So we were in Las Vegas and heard of this fantastic Ramen house.  We came, we tried, and it was ok.  The portions are small.  For me it's small and for anyone that's used to eatting in Los Angeles Ramen houses its small.  I was not full at all from eatting here.  The price was ok.  I guess if you are in LV and want Ramen you don't have much choice.  If you ever go to Los Angeles, go to Little Tokyo Ramen houses!  It's A LOT better.  Honestly I couldn't believe this place was so packed.  Makes me want to move out here and start a Ramen place.
5	First sign a ramen shop is good is a long line and Monta won't dissapoint in wait and excellent ramen.  Ramen starts at the broth and the Shoyu based soup had excellent soy flavor without the overwhelming saltiness common in the more mediocre varieties.  The noodle is firm and doesn't get soggy absorbing the soup base.  Gyoza are prepared well, some crispy spots but still soft and moist.  The only bad thing is now my favorite ramen shop is 300 miles from my southern california home.
4	this place opens at 11:30am and we came at around 11:45 with no wait. by the time our food came (around noon), there's a wait already (small place plus the fact it's probably the only good ramen joint in vegas at good prices).  when you come in, look on the right, there's white board with the tonkotsu shoyu ramen on it for 6.95, this is the same as the menu, nothing special about it since everything is on the menu.  you can tell the ramen is not store bought cuz it's alot fresher and it's thinner than usual. the broth was good, but on the salty side.  had the pork belly rice bowl too, the meat was real tender but the sauce was on the salty side.  tip: if u wanna do lunch there, go early or really late since there will almost be a line there.  but overall a pretty good place to have lunch.
5	I had the tonkatsu ramen and loved it. It wasn't too salty, IMO. The service was prompt and very friendly and  the bathroom was clean and nicely decorated (see photo).
4	i love ramen! i finally got a chance to come check this place out when my co-worker and i had an extra long lunch break. i love that they have a really simple menu. i had the tonkotsu ramen and it was delicious. i wish they served hot tea though. quick service at lunch time. the place is really small and crowded when we went...however, it was peak lunch hour. pretty quick turnover though. i'll be back. =)
5	This is a great little place for noodles at their best. I love the fact that they are small in menu, size and price. I always make sure to order my noodles with a nice glass of beer to bring out all the great flavors out. This noodle house is the best in town and I will recommend this place over and over again. Enjoy
5	Best. Ramen. Ever. I suggest the Tonkatsu ramen and the kimchi fried rice. Soooo delicious.
4	A nice little hole-in-the wall near Chinatown.  They serve really good ramen here.  I was a little doubtful when I first came, but this place is legit!They have four different broths (Tonkotsu, shoyu, miso, and tonkotsu-shoyu)  I've tried three of the four, but I have to say that the tonkotsu is my favorite!There's definitely a pork flavor, rich and soothing.  The soup is steaming when it comes out, but it makes it taste even better!  The pork they have is a little thinner than I would've preferred (due to the fragility when picking the meat up with chopsticks) but it's still so delicious.  I had my tonkotsu with the garlic mash that they have and a soft-boiled egg.  Perfect for a winter day!  The soup is great by itself, but every new topping that is added just gives more depth.I found that the broth gets saltier the longer it sits.  =(  It kind of sucks because by the time I finish the noodles, the broth is too salty for me to drink.  Can't wait to go back!
4	Got to agree with the previews reviewer. This place needs a working AC! I feel so bad for the people who work in the kitchen. It's like a sauna! Other than that, the food is decent.
4	Rick Moonen (Top Chef Master's contestant and owner of RM Seafood in Mandalay Bay) was spotted in this hole of a wall.Despite how low his restaurant ratings are, the fact that he chose to eat at this specific noodle house says a little something something about their food. To keep this short and sweet: - Friendly service- Was a wait around 12:30 (prime lunch time) but still got seated and served within 30 min- Tonkatsu ramen= perfect portions. I ended up slurping up more of the broth than the noodles which was very surprising (i never drink the broth)- Small fried rice seemed small at first for the four of us but was just the right amount with the ramen. - Lots of ginger and garlic sauces for unlimited consumption- parking lot big in plaza I want more!!!
3	Ramen is like my staple...If I could only choose one thing to eat for the rest of my life, it'd probably be noodles.  With that said, I will admit I am kind of picky when it comes to ramen.This place is located near the Chinatown center off the strip.  It's really easy to find and I was really craving some noodles!  It's a cute little joint with super Japanesey workers.  It smells pretty amazing when you walk in, and the menu is small which is nice :)  I had the Tonkotsu Ramen (it's their most popular) with an order of gyoza.  The broth is a little bit on the thicker side but not bad ( a tad heavy on the salt). It definitely tastes better if you sprinkle some of the spicy powder on top.  Personally for me, the noodles weren't anything special.  The gyoza was very disappointing for me as well...I didn't even finish it.The service was good and the food was alright.  Overall, if you're really craving ramen this place will do the job, but I don't know if I'd call it slurp it up good.
4	Monta is definitely one of the better ramen shops in Las Vegas. Its in the same strip mall as Raku on Decatur/ Spring Mtn. Monta reminds us of Japan's ramen shops...its all about order your food, eat your food, and get out, so the next group can eat. It's not a posh restaurant, minimal tables/ seats. The restaurant holds at most 30 people (5 tables of 4 seats and about 10 seats on the counter), so if you go with a large party, just sit wherever you can and when you can or you might be waiting for awhile.The menu is simple. Miso, Tonkatsu, or Shoyu ramen. My favorite is...all of them. Huge stock pots in the back have been boiling bones and veg for hours to create the backbone of their heavenly broth.  I seem to be on a tonkatsu ramen kick lately with its hearty broth... you could add some thickener to the broth and you would have a damn good gravy. They give you a good amount of ramen, a few slices of tender charsiu, bamboo, takenoko, green onions, half boiled egg, and kikurage. Its a solid meal for a cheap price, $7-8 and you can add other extras for a small price.Another favorite is their pork belly bowl. Its cheap and filling...not to mention very tasty. You get the thinly sliced pork served over rice in a small bowl garnished with beni shoga. Its tasty, fatty, and better when you get eat a little beni shoga (red pickled ginger) with it.. We always get a small bowl and share it.Their gyoza is good as is the kim chee fried rice. We need to try more of the items on their menu but we are creatures of habit and sometimes its hard to stray away from the  dishes that Monta is known for.Its easy to over order food at Monta. Because the ramen bowls are big...resist ordering other dishes unless you have a big party and you want to share. Monta is great on a hot day and better on a cold day!! Arooha!!!!!
4	Tiny hole in the wall that is located next to Raku.  It is Osaka style stringy ramen, swimming happily in a savory white Tonkotsu (Pork Bone) broth, not to be confuse with Tonkatsu (Pork Cutlet).  It is created from slow roasted pork bones. You can add sides such as corn, butter, pickled vegetables.  I asked for the roasted chastu pork, medium boiled egg and nori.  The roasted pork melts into the broth creating a symphony in your mouth and the egg was cook to perfection with the yolk still bright orange.This is definitely a place where I will come back again but it is like a typical ramen shop.  One thing I have to add is that, they do not serve very large portions, so if you're hungry be sure to get an appetizer.  Sits 20 people, the open at 11:30am and full house by 12:30.  Service was friendly and menu is basic and simple.
5	My new favorite ramen spot.
4	By far my favorite ramen in Las Vegas and the new Tonkotsu/Shoyu broth is the best.  Before that I would alternate and couldn't settle on one, but now it's perfect. The gyoza and chahan are great side dishes.  Service has always been good, and unlike a lot of other Japanese restaurants the staff is actually Japanese.The only downside is the restaurant (like all ramen joints) is small so there is usually a wait.
5	Wow. Best ever Miso Ramen order it with double extra Chashu.It is so rich, complex and creamy. I hate to tell you about it because the place is so small. I am in love with one of the girls that work there. Is that politically incorrect?The Chashu is so moist, cut extra thin but oh so good.Chashu isn't like char siu which you may have seen in Chinese restaurants. Japanese chashu is actually braised instead of being barbecued so it's soft, tender and moist. Please don't go there. I don't want to wait outside on the wooden bench!
5	I had the Tonkatsu ramen with extra chashu and a hard boiled egg. The broth is extremely rich in flavor and the chashu pork is the most tender chashu i've had in any ramen house. Monta is definitely #1 or #2 on my ramen list. I would definitely eat here over any of the pho restaurants in vegas.
5	Freaking awesome ... The best ramen place in Las Vegas. Only one thing wrong with the place really small place. Let me tell you the food is excellent service is awesome too.
3	Very nice noodle house.  Good service, quaint layout, and the price can't be beat.I'm struggling giving it another star because I noticed somethings in the 20 minutes I was there to make you go hmmmm.  You heard me 20 minutes to get in, order a shoyu ramen and asahi and get out.  Can't beat that for efficiency.Menu is straight and to the point, if you are not here for Ramen, go somewhere else.  Broths are Tonkatsu, Shoyu, and Miso.  Shoyu is the base for me (kinda like vanilla ice cream).  Soup comes standard with a few thin slices of roast pork, green onions, bamboo shoots, and some seaweed.  The noodles were decent but not homemade, very stock machine made ramen.  I like my ramen al dente, these were not.  I did add the pat of butter for $.50 which was a nice addition, but totally over priced.Sat at the bar so had full view of kitchen and how things were prepared.  Didn't like how the cooks did not sanitize very well, bare hands on food doesn't bother me, but when you grab an egg and some  pork slices, I'd like to see you wash them hands before moving on to the next order.  Also noticed their Kim Chee was out of a bottle, which they could have done a better job at concealing if they kept it towards the back.If you are looking for a nice spot to get your ramen on, I would totally suggest going here.  Keep your party to 4 or less otherwise it would be a stretch to find seating for everyone.
5	Okay, I can't stop coming back to this place.  I've tried to duplicate the broth at home and just can't!!!! They know me by face now... I come here with the hubby once a week.  It's just the best darn ramen ever!   The chashu is immoderate but I come here for the broth and the ramen.  The food is so simple yet so complex.  It's perfect!  I do wish they have agedashi tofu on the menu.  Monta read my review- add agedashi tofu to your menu, just use the shoyu broth.  It'll match well.  -M2
5	Great small ramen shop!small oasis, close to the strip. Tonkatsu ramen is dope, their draft beer is also very good.Very friendly people, great food for  the money!!!
3	Before i get flamed on giving this place only two starts let me explain why to me it deserves three stars.I was a US Marine stationed overseas on mainland Japan for three years. During those three years i've had the opportunity to eat sushi, ramen, bento bowls, curries, udon, miso soups, and other foods of Japanese origins they way they make it and the way they eat it.The ramen that is offered here is a step above instant ramen but is FAR from authentic. The broths are noticeably lighter and less flavorful from authentic, the noodles are in the middle, they're close but dont have the right texture, sides such as meats are too fatty but seasoned better then authentic ramen.The biggest difference is the price. Here a bowl of ramen runs from 6.25 to 7.something which isnt bad but it's the sides that get you back. 1.50 for a hard boiled egg? 1.50 for a spoon full of pickled mustard greens? 2.50 for extra noodles?Back in downtown Iwakuni a bowl of ramen, a side of goyza, and a plate of kimchi fried rice was only about 700ish yen back in 2006ish. Who would have figured five years later i'd pay double the cash to have a sixteenth a meal...
4	Unlike the former US Marine (ahem Tien N.) I give this place four stars. Although I haven't had the opportunity to eat authentic Japanese food in the land ot the rising sun, the food that is served at Monta is nonetheless delicious. If you had food in Japan and expect this place to be 100% authentic then you may be dissapointed. But if you eat it for what it is then I can promise you that you will not be dissappointed.It's like when you have expectations before you watch a movie at the theatre, then you will most likely be let down. But if you watch it for what it is then you will enjoy it, unless the movie completey sucks.I had the "Shoyu Ramen" with extra noodles, and the additions of the egg and pork. The broth was rich with lots of flavor, but the best part was the pork. It was so succulent and flavorful. I recommend adding the chili powder and the sesame seeds to your soup for even more flavor.Service was great and the food is served quickly. Only downside is the price, since all toppings for the ramen are extra charge, so by the time you add on 1-3 toppings you're looking at an average price of about $13 for a bowl. The restaurant is also very small, so prepare to wait for a while if the they're busy, which is most of the time.If you love ramen, authentic or not, definitely check this place out, it'll be worth your time.Monta Noodle House is so great I vow never to give it up, never let it down, never turn around and desert it. Never going to say good bye and never going to tell a lie...
4	Great hangover food. Awesome ramen broth. Must also get pork belly rice when you're here. It's tasty, fatty, and simply the best. Their pork belly rice is even better than Daikokuya's! Planning to try their kimchi fried rice next time I'm back in town.
5	A wonderful noodle shop that I wish was next door to my house. If you want a reasonably priced DELICIOUS bowl of ramen in a warm noodle house atmosphere, then this is the place to go. Several types of perfect broth with all the right sorts of tasty extra bits.
4	This is the best ramen noodle shop that I've been to in Las Vegas.  I have eaten at Kaigenro, Ichiza, and elsewhere, but this place is the best in my opinion.I like the tonkotsu ramen with extra pork.  The broth is great and the noodles are cooked well.  The pork slice is thin and still has some fat layers on it, which adds to the flavor.  I don't get grossed out by it because it is YUMMY!  If you have a saltier taste bud, you might try the tonkotsu/shoyu broth combination.  Personnally, I like the regular tonkotsu best, but you won't go wrong with the combination broth.  I have also tried their gyoza, which was ok and nothing special, but hey, I'm here for the ramen and pork. =)The only issue I have about this place is the price or serving size.  The ramen bowl is $6.99.  If you have a decent appetite, you'd have to order extra noodles ($1.50) or extra pork ($2.50), which is ok.  However, if you have a bigger appetite, you might have to order gyoza or other side dishes in addition, which can increase the overall cost of your meal.If you have tried Shinsengumi in LA, this restaurant is the most similar in taste.  I would come here again and again, but not if I am really hungry and don't want to pay for the extras.
4	I only get the Tonkatsu ramen here.  It's a rich, creamy broth served with awesome chasu (pork) and some pickled veggies.  I really am impressed with this broth as it just adds SO MUCH to the taste of their wonderful noodles. Think this is the top ramen place in Las Vegas.  Ichiza's is a bit bland - though it's probably much healthier.  Monta might be a little sparse on the veggies which is why I only give it 4 stars instead of 5.  Ramen, in my opinion, should be a little healthier than they make it.  Maybe that's just my Chinese preference rather than the way the Japanese do it.Still...you can't go wrong.  Get an extra egg too - cooked perfectly.
4	Coming from the Venetian, I was blissfully leaving the tourist sin otherwise known as Grand Lux Cafe to stumble into the gritty strip mall that houses Monta, just right down the street.  In my love-hate relationship with Vegas, things like this definitely belonged to the first category.  Two groups of very jovial Japanese business men occupied the cozy joint when we walked in.  They seemed right at home, joyfully exchanging conversations from across the restaurants to each other as well as the waitresses.  From the smiling eyes to the careless laughter, I make the speculation that they were tourists happy to have found Monta.  I've been there, that rare delight from finding a great Vietnamese restaurant somewhere completely unexpected.  It was a frigid night.  Lips cracked from the desert air, my mouth greedily welcomed the steaming broth of the Tonkatsu Ramen, rich with pork bone flavor and complimented with smooth strings of fresh noodles.  Had it been warmer weather, I'd have opted for the Tonkatsu-Shoyu Ramen, a bit lighter with the mix-in of chicken-flavored Shoyu broth.  I could do without the pricey upsell of add-ons, but I still highly recommend them, especially the soft-boiled egg, corn, and seaweed.  You may end up spending nearly 10 bucks on ramen, but it's still a better choice than anything at Grand Lux
5	Eaten here 3 times now. Always good. Food is great. Servers are friendly.  Best noodle/soup joint in las Vegas!
3	I took the advice of my fellow Yelpers and tried this place out.  I ordered the Tonkotsu Ramen and I enjoyed the soup and the Char Siu pork in it but there was something missing when it came to the flavor of the Ramen.  The noodles had a pleasant texture but it got lost in the other flavors.  I'm used to having a Ramen that still reminded you it was still the reason you were eating Ramen in the first place, not a strong flavor but something.  Anyway, If I'm in the mood for Ramen, I'd still go here.  Haven't found any other Ramen places to try.
4	It was a pretty good place  and really authentic, I was just a little skeptical at first because I've never been to that plaza before...But that's not gonna stop me from going back:]I ordered the Tonkatsu ramen, seemed like it's a favorite from the other yelp reviews, and a small pork belly bowl YUM! The ramen was very flavorful and i loved all the condiments that were on the table and im pretty sure we used up all the ginger! the only thing that kept from giving this place 5 stars is that i wanted more broth in my bowl lol. The place is tiny and there was a wait to go in during lunch time. Service was friendly and you could tell from the atmosphere of this place that it is run by Japanese people. Yum! cant wait to experience ramenny goodness again.
5	Very small menu, but that's all they need.  They have Miso, Shoyu, Tonkatsu and their special shoyu Tonkatsu Ramen.  I have ordered everything but the Shoyu Ramen and everything tastes delicious! Their fried rice is good as well I believe they have bits of pork belly in their rice, which gives it an extra kick I believe.   If you just enjoy pork belly they have it on top of rice which is suberp.  It's pretty inexpensive as well about $7.00 for a bowl of Ramen, not too bad.  Of course if you want to add extra things in there it adds to it. Beware though if you come in the morning it tends to be very crowded.  I believe their seating limit is like 30? or smaller...but I think it's worth the wait :) Very tasty!
4	great food, quick service, and friendly staff
5	I have been searching for a good ramen place for a while now. I have been to a couple different places but none compares to Monta Noodle House. The quality of their noodles are really good. The noodles are not over or under cooked. The tonkotsu is my favorite! The menu is very simple with not a lot of options. But, everything on the menu is great! The service here is also very good. The food comes to you very quickly. The establishment is relatively small so if it gets busy it could take a while for seating. If you have been to Japan, it has a typical hole in the wall ramen place to it. I like this place a lot more because it feels exactly like you are in Japan. Even the workers speak Japanese. But other than that, Monta Noodle House is one of the best tonkotsu ramen I have had. I have been going there for some time now and will definitely continue going there.
5	Went back today for a big lunch. i ordered miso ramen and pork belly rice bowl ... so good ... i brought 2 coworkers with me ... they are hooked as well. service was excellent and food as well. Not a big menu but executed well.
3	The broth they use is spot on. The noodles tasted packaged. And the gyoza were definitely frozen. But its all worth a trip to this tiny little noodle house.
4	Probably the best ramen house in Vegas. Compared to Shin-Sen-Gumi in California, this restaurant is okay. However, if you are a local and Vegas and you are eating that top ramen crap; you need to visit Monta and order yourself some real ramen. The price is reasonable, the service is good, the food is better. As a college student at Reno, I get excited to go back home just to eat real Asian cuisine like ramen from Monta and Korean BBQ.
4	Gone are the days of associating ramen with my poor college days. Sad to admit but I have only had the processed packaged type of ramen until my friend turned me on to Monta Noodle House. To even mention Monta's ramen in the same sentence as Top Ramen or Cup O' Noodles is blasphemous. I ordered the Tonkatsu Ramen which I believe is their most popular dish. The broth is thick, cloudy, and jam packed with flavor. The noodles were perfectly cooked and tasted like they were made fresh onsite. There were a few slivers of pork and I added a soft boiled egg. My husband got the combination Tonkatsu and Shoya and it was just as yummy as my dish. It is interesting how many variations there are of ramen and how adding one ingredient changes the whole dish. Monta really is a hole in the wall restaurant because it could easily be missed in the shopping center. The restaurant is tiny so it is not recommended for large groups. This is a sit down, order, slurp up, and leave type of joint. I'm not sure if I'd frequent this place in the hot summer months but it definitely hits the spot when you want some warmth in your tummy.
5	AH-MAZING!  Great combination of flavors makes this place a treat any day of the week. Must have more=)
4	Ramen = Happy belly. Eating here reminds me of Tokyo. Good Tonkatsu Ramen makes me want to PUNCH the people that invented Top Ramen and Cup O' Noodle IN THE FACE.In my opinion come hungry and pay for the extra toppings.
4	First review ever written and what a great place to rave about!At first, Monta looks reliable, its not too big and is in a very small and overlooked spot, which most good eats usually are.You walk in and it gives you a very homie feeling, despite its small size.  If you love ramen, this is the place to go!  The ramen is cooked to perfection and includes all the added ingredients that make any ramen craver beyond satisfied!  My personal favorite is the tonkotsu ramen with nitamago and a side of their gyoza!  Sooo Ono!Definitely a must visit!
5	Super love this place! It's a nice cozy place expect long line during the day but it's great to go at night specially when it's cold, it's always nice to have warm soup that taste sooo good and the meat that melts in your mouth. ;0)I'm always craving for their ramen, my favorite is the tonkotsu shoyu ramen. My husband and my cousin literally gave the meaning to "good to the last drop". Their fried rice is good also. Very reasonable price.
5	So, I checked out this place for lunch today after reading what other Yelpers had to say.  It opened at 11:30am and, according to my friend who arrived at that time, there was already a line of customers waiting--thank goodness she was there to snag us a table!  It's a small place with a counter and some tables, so be prepared to wait a little if it's busy.  I had the tonkatsu with some charshu added and a small pork belly bowl--I was starving since I just came from a Bikram yoga class.  My friend had the shoyu.  After much slurping and a little conversation in between, we were both happily satisfied with our ramen dishes.  I couldn't finish all my food, but it was tasty and I will definitely be back to try the gyoza and the other two ramen dishes.  Note that this is not a place to really linger after you eat, unless you want to be rude and make the people waiting around for your table angry, but who needs that kind of bad karma?!  Arigato!
5	I. LOVED. IT.It's always so hard to find authentic Japanese cuisine that's GOOD. This place was great! I went for my first time on Friday and I can't stop talking about how legit this place is. It feels like I'm in Japan. I definitely recommend hitting this place up if you're ever in the mood for ramen.Service was great and having the option for kaedama rocks. The tonkotsu shoyu ramen was soo good and so was the gyoza and chahan. 5 STARS! What are you doing still reading this, GO TRY IT!
5	So G.O.O.D!!! I wish we had a Monta Noodle House in my city!  I'm really jealous because I've been looking for a good Japanese Noodle place for YEARS and BOOM!  I found it.  However, it's in Vegas and not in the East Los Angeles County area :o(I had the Tonkostsu with a Chicken/beef broth.  It was perfect!  The combination of a heavy beef broth with the lighter chicken broth was absolutely delightful.  The best part is the price.  It's a fair price for what you get and if you're in Vegas and don't want to pay all that money for a 'fancy' meal or get crappy buffet food.  Take a trip off the strip to try out this place.  It's well worth the trip and believe me, every time I come to Vegas this is going to be a must stop for me!Cheers and Eat Responsibly!
5	While not the best ramen I've ever had, this place comes really close and my friends have told me they are the best in town.  So I have yet to try other ramen places in Vegas because this place is delicious.  Look no further.  The ramen was cooked perfectly both times I've been here, and the pork just melts in your mouth.  I've tried the shoyu and miso, and I prefer the miso.  This place is tiny and can get really busy, so I've eaten at the bar both times.  It doesn't bother me since I know not to go with a big group of people here.  If you sit at the bar, there is a litle shelf near your knees so you can tuck your purse away.  Brilliant!
5	Ordered the Miso Ramen. Great tasting ramen! I loved the broth, had a rich flavor. The portion was generous and quite affordable considering how much you're getting. Although I don't really would want to get their bowls, my friend ordered the beef belly bowl, expecting it to be as big as the ramen bowl but alas it was really small. NOTE: this place is small and gets crowded real quick. Don't come here with a group no bigger than 5-6. You're going to find it real difficult to get a table.
5	If Naruto was a real person...then this place would be his number one stop in Vegas!
5	Came here last night at about 10mins before closing. I noticed the waitress was upset that there were last minute customers but nevertheless, she still gave us great service plus the food came out faster because they wanted to close up. She kindly asked to pay ahead because they needed to close the register. Food was still good as last time and their gyoza is far by the tastiest.
5	It took me a while to finally try Monta after reading about it in a couple local Vegas magazines, and damn was it worth the wait.I have had a lot of ramen over the past couple of months, trying to find the holy grail of ramen, trying to find the bowl of bowls, trying to find the one bowl by which all other bowls are compared (I am not talking about weed sorry...).  Finally, after searching, I found it in Las Vegas of all place.  The first time I had Monta, I was hungover and it was damn good.  The second time I had it, I was dead sober and it was still damn damn good.  Honestly, if I could, I would give Monta 5+++ stars.  I have been here a couple of times and have tried all of the broths, and by far, the best broth is the tonkatsu-shoyu combo broth (rich, salty, melt in your mouth goodness).  The tonkatsu is a close second because wow, the broth is super-stick-to-your-ribs rich.Make sure that no matter what you order, make sure to get extra pork and the amazingly, soft-boiled egg, with a slightly soft and runny center.Go get your ramen on!
4	Yet another great place off the strip in las vegas.  It was super cold and windy this weekend in vegas so felt like some soup.This ramen shop is great.   Its very small so you may have to wait a bit.  I went around 4pm on sunday and got the last 2 spots at the bar.I was very happy with my noodles and the broth.  Also ordered some gyoza and fried rice.  Each were great.  The gyoza were cooked great.  Steamed first and then fried crispy on one side.  The fried rice was also well made.  Not oily at all and had very good spices.The menu is not very big but it seems what is on it they do right.  I will be back again.  I just wish it was open 24x7.
3	Monta does Ramen well.  Nice to find a place like this in Vegas. These places are all over the place in Torrance so the 3 stars..  If this is the only Ramen place in LV, then I'll give them 4+
3	I think I had my hopes set very high for this place because of all the wonderful reviews; however, it actually did not impress me. =/ The food is definitely good (not the best ramen I've ever had, but definitely tasty). I am a HUGE ramen fanatic so I would certainly recommend coming here for a bowl of noodle soup or their excellent fried rice; however, do not let the prices on the menu deceive you! It only APPEARS like you are eating a quality meal for cheap; however, if you upgrade your food to the way you want it (extra noodles, toppings, etc.), it actually comes out to more $$ than you'd expect to pay for a ramen place. The bill came out to almost $40 between 3 people, which for a ramen place is HUGE! The service was below mediocre. They weren't attentive and they kept forgetting to bring some essentials... like water, soft drink, etc.. We did not go at a busy time, so unfortunately they had no excuse. My friend keeps wanting to go back for their fried rice and I wouldn't mind going back to try a different bowl of ramen either :). Just don't go here thinking you'll have the best ramen and service in town from of all the other yelp and magazine reviews, because then you will end up being disappointed like me... Just come here hoping to have some good food and if you have a large appetite, be prepared to spend extra $$ than you expected.
3	We were tired of fine dining and buffets so we decided to head to Chinatown for Monta. They have a very simple menu with 3 types of ramen: shoyu, tonkotsu, miso (typical selection) ranging from $6.95-7.50. You also have the option of adding more noodles and toppings for $0.75 -$1.50. They also had gyoza, pork rice bowls, and fried rice. Service was nice and speedy. You can tell the girls here were used to dealing with the crowds.We tried the tonkotsu ramen and the kim chi fried rice.  Overall the ramen was quite flavorful but the flavors don't compare to our favorite ramen place in San Diego at Izakaya Masa. Monta noodles are much thinner but not mushy or al dente (the way we like). It's served with a couple slice of pork, Asian mushrooms, and bamboo shoots. But I do like that they have pickled ginger and minced garlic jars out for self service.  The fried rice was decent but unremarkable.($6.95)Overall, a good dining experience with reasonable prices. However, the restaurant is really small. There are only 5 small tables plus a L-shaped bar area for 8, so I would return only with small groups to avoid a long wait.
5	So i should have made Monta my first yelp review. Lord knows I've prob eaten here more over the past year than anywhere else!  What can I say about Monta that the other 200 reviews haven't already said?         Hmm... well its sooo quick! If you need to do the 30 min lunch this is the place. Listen, its small, but there's a secret! If you come by yourself during lunch-hour you can usually find a single seat at the bar!   If you've never been to Monta, the tonkatsu ramen is like chicken noodle soup on steroids, except its pork noodle soup! It's literally the deepest, most intense pork flavor ever!  As good as this place is, its like 3 times better when its a little chilly outside, really makes it hit the spot. PS. Get the egg. And when you get your ramen, flip the egg (which is cold) over, yolk down, for a few mins, soaking in the hot broth!
3	Ok so we went to Monta on a recommendation from a friend that is would absolutely re-define ramen for me, so me and the Fiancee go to monta and check it out (also forgot to metion that i brought other friends to try it out from the bay area so our party was a total of 9) when we got there we had to wait, the capacity of that place is 26 @_@ wow.needless to say we were going to take up almost half the restaurant, we waited about 45 minutes and then we were sat. The menu is very simple...pick your broth (tonkotsu, shoyu or miso) and then you are off. The food made it to the table fast, but was not impressed by the flavor nor having to pay per item to make my bowl complete.so needles to say i would recommend you try it and put your comments up to let people know what to expect before going there. NO one in my party was floored by the flavor and the wait staff was very slow at refilling
4	Really no need for pics since yelpers have taken all the pics of every food item here. Nor is there a need for extensive reviews.  basically.... Small menu but very good food. That's all we want, right?  Shoyu Ramen, broth is much thinner than the Tonkatsu, but overall very good flavor for both entrees.  Not too thrilled over the mini Mentaiko that I thought was a must try. That side order was a doozy for us.  The ramen and gyoza was good enough to fill our lunch tummies....and then back to cali.  A great place to unwind the next morning after a long night being a fool at vegas strip and losing all your $. This place won't senselessly rob your wallet thinner than it already is.  Monta is kind of like a great cup of coffee the morning after a serious hang over.  Beware the wait could be long since the sitting area is very very small!
4	I was so happy when they opened this place. There are so many back in cali but i havent seen any here in vegas until monta.  the place is small and menu is simple. but simple usually means that everything should taste great.  all the stuff i order i really enjoy. you can add extras such as corn, extra meat, etc. to your ramen. they have this new flavor tonkasu-shoyu ramen and that is my favorite.  they make their gyoza fresh and they are really good but expensive considering i can buy a entire bag from the store for the same price.if you are craving noodles and soup this is a nice change up from pho.
4	I've had the ramen here both eat in and take out and I love it. I've also had the gyoza. I think it's great. Is it like "Ippudo in NYC good"?  No. Is it "Some of the best ramen I've had"?  Yes.As long as I'm in Vegas and looking for ramen, this will be the place I go... hands down, bar none.
5	I don't live in Vegas but found this place on Yelp.  Excellent Ramen place...if you're from California, you probably been to Shin-Sen-Gumi.  This place I think is better than Shin...the waitresses here are very friendly and service is excellent.  I would recommend you try their pork ramen...
5	Amazing food.  Amazing service.  Cheap.  Large portions.  Sesame seeds(!) on the table, with other condiments.  I'll the other Yelpers to the work with the details.  When my roommate said she wanted Roman Noodles instead of sushi, I thought she was nuts, but wow....I will definitely be returning!
5	I come here at least once a week.  Their menu is simple, but everything is cheap and delicious.  The food is authentic Japanese, and hey, most of the waitresses are too.  If you have the courage to practice your Japanese, this is probably the place to do it.  If you come here on the weekends, it will be packed, but they have very speedy service so people get in, eat, and go. This is a wonderful place.P.S. as a side note, they do accept credit cards but the check has to have a minimum of $10.
4	I thought it was tasty. You'll have to add toppings a la carte style. Good service. Check out my ramen pic. Enjoy!
4	Having been to Japan I can say this ramen is on par. I have been looking for a good ramen place in town and this one looks to be a keeper. The shoyu ramen rocks my world. The broth was light and the noodles cooked al dente. I got mine with extra pork, butter and corn. Slurped it right up. Since I am a bit picky, I usually end up picking out the bamboo shoots, green onions and kikurage.Not a big fan of the gyoza, a little too many vegetables in them for a carnivore like me.  My mom really enjoyed her tonkotsu ramen. She also went with extra pork as well as nitamago and takana mustard leaf. My bf always gets the miso broth. This time he went for extra noodles in addition to usual his add-ons of pork and egg.Both times I have been so far has been on a weekend for late lunch. The first time, we didn't wait very long but we did end up sitting at the bar. There were a fair amount of people waiting the second time but they moved fast and the wait for us was reasonable. I would really like to see how they do on a weekday for lunch since it is a hop skip and a jump away from my work.
4	This place is awesome. Super Japanese style. This place gets packed real fast but you know what it's worth the wait. I love the tonkotsu ramen with the nitamago and i add the grated garlic. Sooo good. The soup is thicker than the other ramens they have there. I had a thicker soup before @ tenkaippin in Oahu. But the tonkotsu is nice and salty, noodles are thin which I wish was a little bit fatter. I guess I like soggy noodles? But anyway they have toppings like chashu, green onion, bamboo, etc that's automatically on there. Omg chashu melts in your mouth! I always add the nitamago and sometimes corn. I've never had nitamago til I came to this place and I have to say that I love it!! I just love that first bite in to the noodles and then chashu and then nitamago. oh and their fried rice is awesome too! Service is fast and they are all so nice. I would actually rate this place 4.5
5	If you're ever craving for ramen, this is the best ramen place in town! Awesome workers too!!
3	Good service here, the girl is nice and speedy.  The miso ramen is toooooo salty, but still tastes good. The portions are OK as well, but the price is def a little higher than what I would want to pay for gourmet ramen. Will try again though
4	Delicious broth, fresh noodles and affordable. Don't know of any ramen place in Vegas so this is a must try if you are a ramen fan! The pork belly rice bowl was also super yummy!
4	Found Monta in February and fell in love with it.  It's a good sign when there's a line and the majority of the people in line and inside are Japan Japanese.  You can't find tonkotsu ramen like this in Hawaii.  It reminded me of Japan.  In fact Monta surpassed some ramen that I've had in Japan (and I've had my share of ramen).  The soup is perfect.  Milky pork bone flavor without being too salty or too fatty.The noodles are tasty and cooked to perfection.  Kaedama (Noodle refill) available too.The chashuu is the best I've had anywhere.  Blew away Menya Kissou in Tokyo, my previous fav.  Melts in your mouth.The nita tamago wasn't that good.  Passed on it the second time.  Still cold when served which didn't go well with a hot bowl of noodles.  Hence the 4 stars.Spent 2 of my 5 lunches here while in Vegas.
4	Service here is hit or miss. Sometimes excellent, sometimes not so attentive. I've eaten here about 9 or 10 times, and I noticed that it is server dependent. There are 2 servers that seem to consistently let me down, where as the other 2 are always great and work together well to make sure they always check up on us.The Chasu (bbq pork) here is quite good, IMO it is better than the chasu at the well known Daikokuya in Los Angeles. Oddly, they have 2 different types of ramen noodles here that are ASSIGNED to the type of broth you choose and they will NOT let you choose the other noodles with a different broth. I prefer the noodles they use in the miso ramen, but normally prefer a combination of tonkatsu and shoyu broth. The lack of flexibility is a bit upsetting and leaves the foodie in me yearning for food MY WAY. Fortunately, I tried all of their fried rices and rice bowls and have been pretty happy with all of them. My favorite is the pork belly bowl. YUM!!! I add a bit of the crushed garlic, chili oil, and japanese chili flakes to make it absolutely scrumptious. If you like pork (who doesn't), you MUST try this.
4	This is a small ramen place, they open at 1130 and expect it to be full by 11:45 most days.They have a small collection of broth options, but the pork bone based one is the best. Get an extra order of the Chasu Pork, because it's unbelievably good. Inexpensive, fast and delicious ramen.  Best in Las Vegas in my opinion.
5	I love my noodle soup and so glad we tried Monta.  We tried various dishes like Tonkatsu ramen, miso ramen, pork belly with rice and kimchi fried rice.  Everything was delicious.  Like many reviewer commented, adding an egg in your ramen soup is greatly suggested.  The menu is fairly small, but I can go there numerous times a week if I live in Vegas.  Delicious food that won't break your bank.  What's not to love!
5	Best Japanese Ramen I've ever had! The pork is perfectly marinated. Try the pork flavored ramen with hard boiled eggs (must) and corn. I like to have a side dish of kim-chi on the side also.
4	So I was nursing a Las Vegas hangover (you know, still drunk at 9 am kinda hangover) by lying in fetal position in the back of the car, clutching a gigantic bottle of powerade, and damning myself for my excessive behavior (hey, only in Vegas!)My cousin said she that she had the perfect hang over cure."Jamba Juice?" I groaned painfully."No, we're going to Monta."The thought of food made my stomach churn.We walked in and were seated at one of the bigger tables. I made it a point to sit next to the wall so I can rest my head. I asked for a hot tea, and alas they serve no hot drinks. Sorry, one star off for that one.I ordered the Tonkatsu Ramen. Even just the smell of the broth was oh so soothing - I felt my headache fade away with every slurp of the soup and ramen. From my understanding, they put great care into their broth by letting it boil down for hours. It is creamy, salty, and hot. Essentially, a perfect cap to a crazy night. The noodles were quite delicious too - it was slightly crispy and went very well with the soup. Tonkatsu comes with two pork pieces. You can order extra sides to put in your ramen (I felt like corn that day), but they do charge you.I also had a side order of fried rice, which I thought was very salty. It is good, but it needs something to offset the saltiness.The service was also prompt, and our server was quite cheery and polite.  The boys at our table kept mentioning how cute she was too.
4	Ramen done right!  The ramen here is incredible. Great service in this tiny little gem and fantastic ramen.  Search it out and make yourself Happy!
4	Food: 4 starsService: 3.5 starsValue: 4 starsOur friend suggested this little ramen place because it has pretty good reviews on Yelp. The ramen with two thin slices of pork,and the broth were very tasty. The portion was decent and the price was very affordable. I was happy about this place and it definitely made it into my "must go in Vegas" list.
5	I love this place, great lunch spot and for dinner too.  For lunch you can keep it light with just a soup so you don't pass out later in the day.  For dinner you can get soup plus some gyoza or fried rice (which is the bomb, I love it here)A new thing which is not on the menu is that you can get a mix of the Tonkatsu and the Shoyu broth, that's what I get.  In addition, I always add corn and chopped onion, and an egg if I'm in the mood.Server's are very friendly, and they work very fast and efficient. It's not a place where you're gonna chill for 3 hours and hang out, the place is small so people are in and out pretty fast.A little side note:  They have cans of Japanese iced tea which I had in Japan and never had in the US until coming here.  I love that!
5	This place is great, smaller restaurant but it too has a very Japanese feel.  Not by a bunch of bought Japanese decor just by atmosphere, steaming pots of broth and cooks in plan sight getting your order ready.  Simple condiments, no extra American or generic Asian stuff but authentic to a noodle house.  Reminds me of living in Japan.
4	Attention: This is NOT the ramen you ate in college, it's about 1000x better.  The Tonkatsu I had tonight was delicious, and the pork they serve with it was flavorful, buttery, and fell about when you tried to pick it up, in other words, perfect.  The noodles were done perfectly, to what most would consider al dente, and held up really well to the broth.  I got a side of kim chi to go with it, and they paired really nicely.  It's a small restaurant in the back of a strip mall in Chinatown, but if you don't mind the drive and maybe missing it once or twice, I would say you need to go here at least once to try good ramen if you haven't had it before.
3	Ok, gave this place another try and I still have to say I'm not a devotee. I did enjoy the ramen quite a bit, I daresay a little more than on my first visit. I got the tonkatsu and this time I avoided the mustard greens hoping to reduce the salty taste. Pretty good, but the broth is still a little too salty for me. My fella loved it and he'd probably give it a higher rating, so maybe it's just me.It'll still be my go-to place for ramen in town though.
3	Since my mother is from Japan, I have eaten a lot of ramen in my life. I also admit that I am pretty picky when it comes to good ramen. My husband and I finally decided to try Monta. We heard from a few friends that this was one of the best noodle houses in town. We stopped in on a Monday at around 12:30 pm. It was crowded, but we were able to get seated right away since a few parties left at the same time. The restaurant is really tiny. I saw the sign on the wall that said the seating capacity was only 26 people. We sat at the bar, which was kind of cool because I got to the see the employees preparing the ramen in their kitchen. Sadly, I was disappointed. I ordered the Shoyu Ramen. I'm not sure if we just came in on a bad day, but I thought the noodles were too hard and the broth didn't have much flavor at all. Also thought the Chasu was weird. It was easy to eat because it was sliced very thin, but I did not like that slimy ring of fat around it. My husband felt the same way about his Tonkatsu Ramen. Service was not the best either. The employees were slow with drink refills and they seemed to be more attentive to the larger parties in the restaurant. We waited a long time for our bill after eating.Sorry, but this place just does not live up to all the hype. I would prefer having ramen across the street at Shuseki.
3	My first experience at Monta wasn't very good despite all the gleaming reviews I've read. The tonkatsu ramen tasted slightly gamy and was way too salty. I gave them another shot and it was a lot better. Gone was the gamy flavor of the broth. It was good but not amazing, in my opinion. Not the kind of broth you want to drink up. The chashu pork had a slightly smoky flavor and was OK. The nice wait staff and the cheap ramen help me see the attraction to this place. However, compared to other ramen places, I don't believe Monta's ramen stands out in presentation and flavor.
5	I first read about this place in Vegas weekly. I love ramen especially in the winter. i think it's a great little place. The menu is small but the things they make are done extremely well. It can get crowded on weekends so I suggest going during week days if you can. It's also great because I can go by myself and sit at the bar area and not feel weird haha Simple and reasonable= me likey!
3	The place is pack within few minutes from opening. Lucky us, we get here 5 minutes before opening.  Ramen are so-so...I've tried better ones. Not too much selections on the toppings.
3	I took my friend Gerald here when he said he was itching for ramen. At first, I was going to take him to Togishi Ramen (how come I didn't know this place was closed!?!? I'm sooo sad!) but once I discovered that it was closed, we tried this place on a recommendation from a friend. For me, this was my second attempt at this place because the first time it was packed. There's a little bench in front of the restaurant that had at least four people sitting on it and three more people waiting. When we got there, we were seated immediately. The place was very small and tight, but there was definitely a Japanese feel to it. I ordered the Shoyu ramen with cha shu pork and green onions. Gerald had the same thing but instead of the green onions, he added a soft boiled egg (after I saw his, I wanted an egg too!!!) The service was quick, pleasant and honestly, was what was expected. I was not disappointed. As for my ramen...it was delicious!!! It was the perfect temperature, had just enough flavor and hit the spot!! I only had two disappointments: 1) The limited menu - I enjoyed what I had, but I think I would have liked to see more choices. 2) Feeling rushed - not by the staff, but by the people who were waiting. They just stood by my table and I felt like they were rushing us because their party was seated right next to me. Not the restaurant's fault, but perhaps they should come up with a seating system or take reservations for large parties or peak periods. I will definitely try this place again! I give my ramen 4 stars, but until I try something else on their menu, I'll stick with my 3. Yummy ramen if you're craving it!
2	Why does everyone like this place?I see everyone's check-ins on FB and ppl rave about this place.But, seriously. 2 stars --- I've had better!I think it didn't help that I was expecting a place to blow me away the way Honolulu's Goma Tei noodles blow me away. To me the broth was too salty. I barely like soy sauce, I can't enjoy salty broth.Meh.
1	After all the rave reviews, my husband and I decided to try it.  We got there early, and just in the nick of time, because 10 mins. later the place was packed with people waiting in line.  Husband and I ordered and it took a much longer time to prepare than should have been for the type of food we had.  I had Tonkatsu ramen with extra chasu (bad move) green onions and corn.  The green onions were finely shredded and placed on top like a haystack, and the corn just piled on top.  The chasu was thin and soft and fell apart when picked up.  The broth did not have much flavor.I couldn't understand why this place did such a wonderful business when right across the street at Hue Thai you can get a wonderful bowl of pho for the same price, and don't have to pay for any extras.  They also have bahn mi (sandwiches) for which they bake their own wonderful bread.  Skip Monta Noodles and get your noodles at Hue Thai!  I don't work for either place. but am a regular at Hue Thai, and will continue to be.
4	With the exception of Daikokuya in L.A.,  Monta Noodle House has the best  Ramen I've ever had. It's a small, out of the way place with very friendly staff and great prices for the quality of food. I've added Monta to my mandatory stops whenever I'm in Las Vegas.
4	Monta is an authentic Japanese ramen restaurant. From the moment you enter its cramped, busy little space with a cheerful greeting from the staff to the satisfied feeling of a bellyful of delicious ramen it's a wonderful experience. The ramen is on-par with the real stuff in Japan, and the Tonkotsu and Miso varieties are especially good. The gyoza and fried rice leave a bit to be desired but as this is primarily a ramen restaurant that can be forgiven. The beer is cheap too, with Asahi on tap for about $2.95 a glass. All in all it's a wonderful experience and if you are looking for authentic ramen in Las Vegas this is your best bet.
4	Awesome... . The place was packed at lunch and you know a place is good when the waiting area is standing room only and the folks waiting are staring at you to finish. Max occupancy is like 40 ppl. I had the Tonkatsu Ramen... the broth was awesome and the pork was tender and very tasty. Not too salty as others have said. Beware, the menu is very limited.. just the ramen and a couple rice bowls. I would definitely be back but at an off meal hour.... eating is no fun when people are drooling watching you eat your meal and standing over you waiting for you to finish. (4 stars only because of the cramped atmosphere)
4	Easily on par with the best ramen houses LA has to offer.  Distance from my house (5 hrs if the CHP are being assholes) is just about the only thing stopping me from getting fat here (Oh wait, I'm already fat).  And as someone who up until recently had only eaten inside the hotels, the prices are HELL FREAKING AWESOME! (As in reasonably cheap :)
3	My husband and I went to NY and had the famous Ippudo Ramen Noodles (you have to wait approx two hours there).So when we got back to Las Vegas, we were raving it and was looking for a place in Vegas that does handmade Ramen Noodles. And this isnt like the ramen that is .$50 for a box... these are great! I will not be able to eat noodles the same way again!My husband and I have had their  Tonkotsu Ramen & their Shoyu ramen. You can also add extra noodles for $2 more... if you save your soup and ask for "Kaedama."Be careful... it is a small place... so they don't do big parties or reservations... and there can be a long wait around the evening hours.
4	Simply Delish!!!! so I've been on a noodle soup phase as of late, and coming from Phoenix where we lack many ramen shops this place fit the bill! LOVED it! the menu's simple four type of ramen soups, gyoza, and six side items. SIMPLE and really good!! I got the Tonkatsu ramen, the broth was so flavorful, wasn't greasy and it tasted just right, I got an extra order of Chashu pork and ordered the ramen as is. The serving size was plenty! we also ordered gyoza, at Monta you're able to mix all the necessary ingredients for the gyoza dipping sauce and make it spicier if you want. Anyways, my overall experience was great, and I will definitely come back when I'm in Vegas.
4	I had the tonkotsu ramen. The broth is on the salty side but that's the way it should be. It should be salty and silky. The noodles were perfectly cooked and the chashu was heavenly! It's the best chashu I've had!If people want a less salty broth, then I would suggest trying the shoyu ramen or the combo (tonkotsu shoyu).Btw, it's tonkOtsu not tonkAtsu. Tonkatsu is breaded, deep-fried pork cutlet. Get it straight people!
5	I have only had ramen at a few places but this is the best I have had.  I get the miso ramen and it is such a smooth yummy broth.  I love how you can choose what toppings you want on it and i love the condiments as well.  This place is not very big so if you go during a busy time you may have to wait a little bit but if ramen is what you want, i think its the best place in vegas.
5	Wanting a light lunch, we headed on over to Chinatown to get our Ramen on. This place is located not far from the Vegas strip in a little shopping center. The restaurant is on the smaller side, yet has a comfey vibe. Our waitress was friendly and gave us a moment to look over the simple menu they have. I ordered:Shoyu Ramen- Brown and clear color broth, based on a chicken and vegetable stock with plenty of soy sauce added resulting in a soup that's tangy, salty, and savory yet still fairly light on the palate. Added a seasoned hard boiled egg to the soup.For $6.95 they hook it up with a large bowl filled with equal amounts of broth and noodles. The seasoned hard boiled egg was delish and not dry or rubbery. Added some garlic paste and that soup was the biznass!! Friendly service + great prices = One happy full customer!!!
5	Probably the best japanese ramen place in town. Its tucked in a little corner on Spring Mountain across SF market so you might actually miss it. The restaurant is actually quite small and if you come during peak lunch hours, you might have a 20-30 min (which is what happened to me).You have 4 broth flavors to choose from: Tonkotsu (very savory) - My favoriteShoyu (salty/soy sauce)Tonkotsu-Shoyu (combination of the first two which tastes funky to me)Miso Each comes with 2 slices of chashu, some bamboo shoots and green onion. You have the option of adding more chashu, boiled egg, corn, kimch etc. Usually 2 slices of chashu isn't enough for me since its a GIGANTIC bowl of ramen and I can never finish it. They do have rice dishes and gyoza which is okay but not the best. Bill came out to be around $20 for two noodles so very reasonable.
4	Holy crap..this place was good.I went there around lunch time and the place looked like it was going to blow up.  The restaurant is very small and it was jampacked.  I'm talking like elbows to elbows.This might annoy some people, but in a way I found it to be charming and like any standard ramen venues you will find in Japan.  It's as real as it gets, as for the venue at least.  As for the ramen, it gets even better.I waited about 10-15 minutes, sat down, placed my order and waited for about 10 minutes for the ramen to come out.  Not bad, considering there was a lot people in the restaurant.The ramen was so, so tasty.  Not too hot, the noodles were juicy, and the soup was not salty nor sweet.  I have tried Japanese ramen many times in the past, and I notice that the ramen is ruined because the ramen is too salty or there's too many damn vegetables floating around.  Luckily, for the ramen here at Monta, it was all love.  I had the Tonkotsu-Shoyu, and it was pretty damn good.The service was speedy, but great nonetheless.  The waitress took our orders, filled our waters, and gave me the check as soon as I asked for it.  All in all, great experience.I wanna point out that this is a ramen house, so don't expect a variety in their menu.  They have some chicken bowls and gyozas, yeah, but nothing like sushi or whatever.  You won't be wanting it anyway, the ramen steals the show.PRO: The ramen is great, service is speedy, food comes out quickCON: May get a bit crowded, might have to wait 10-30min on peak hours
4	Ramen flows in my bloodstream. I'm selective with ramen and I know when it's good. This un-nutritious sodium filled bowl of broth and noodles can make or break my day.Nothing will beat great ramen houses in LA or NY, but being in Vegas, finding a good ramen joint is satisfaction. Monta ramen is located in Chinatown off Spring Mountain.I opted for the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen  6.95Tonkotsu-Shoyu ("pork bone and special shoyu base") Ramen has a cloudy white colored broth. The broth is like a mix of the Tokyo and Kyushu style blend.I added green onions and hard boiled eggs.I prefer the thicker broth and it delivered. It was creamy but not overly fatty. The eggs were cooked to perfection with a moist yolk. The noodles weren't undercooked. I had extra noodles afterwards for $1.50. In the end, I was filled with pleasure and satisfaction. It wasn't the perfect bowl of ramen but I left satisfied.
5	I truly love this little gem of a Ramen House, with its limited seating and understated elegance.Okay let be honest, there's only one dish, served three different ways, with a few small sides dishes and add-ons. But boy do they make that one dish well.The place is usually pretty busy, and there are few seats to choose from. But a chair at the bar provides somewhat of a show as the cooks stack the bowls to warm them in preparation of the noodles which they shake free of their excess water with a particular flare.You're in and out in no time and if you leave hungry, you probably didn't ask the waitresses for help in making your decision.On a side note: it's not uncommon to find yourself sitting next to a beautiful and fascinating young woman - just don't blow it.
5	This is the best noodle house in las vegas! It's a small venue but the service and food is awesome!  They only have 4 different types of noodles but believe me you will be satisfied with selecting anyone of them.  If your still hungry, save your soup because they can add more noodles for you and make sure to always add the extra chashu pork.  It's soooooo goooooddd!
5	Just came back from here and I'm satisfied. We've ordered Tonkotsu Ramen, Mentaiko-Don, Cold Noodle (Hiyashi Chuka), Dumplings and Fried Rice. Place was so small, constantly packed and it's seems to be in-n-out kinda place. Definitely not the best place to relax and have a long conversation with friends over the meal. You eat, you get out. Service was ok. Nothing exceptional, but not rude either. Portion is kinda small but I usually eat noodles with something else anyways, so it worked out just fine. I really liked fried rice there... more than noodles. Noodles was great, not the best I've ever had, but I was certainly happy.
5	Oh I just went through my camera bag and found my CF card and some lost photos of Monta.Great place need to go back soon ... enjoy the photos
3	yum yum yum! this place is a solid 3.5 star! i can't say that they were comparable to all the A+ ramen joints i've been to back home, but for vegas after a long tiring day ....?? it was godly!we came in with a  party of 5 and were seated pretty much right away. we quickly ordered and our food came out immediately!  Piping hot with a nice flavorful broth! since it was all hot and humid outside, i wanted to take it down a notch with the richness of the broth, so i ordered my ramen with "less sodium/lighter broth" and it was still very delicious. it was also a nice change from the regular thick broth that my ramen usually comes in. the place is pretty small but i dont think a whole lot of people know about it, especially visitors to vegas. definitely stop by when you're in the area if you want a good meal!
3	Went to monta noodle ... try it ...i think its decent but not supper impressing me ... lil cheap on meat aye ,,,, the broth is ok ... a touch more salt than it needed ... lack a lil nature sweetness ( maybe more bone and vegie to bring out sweetness) ... overall i would give it a 6 out of 10 ...
5	We went yesterday for lunch and the hubs wants to go back today. That pretty much sums it up. It was that good. We went with our two daughters, which enabled us to try most of the noodle offerings. I had the Tonkotsu (not to be confused with TonKAtsu), my husband had the Tonkotsu-Shoyu and the girls both had the Miso. We also shared a pork belly bowl. Everything was spot on delish. The Tonkotsu is the heaviest, richest broth...delicious, but I think I'll wait until the weather cools before ordering it again. The Tonkotsu-Shoyu is a combo of the richer Tonkotsu and the lighter, clearer Shoyu broth. It had the richness from the Tonkotsu, but the Shoyu gave it a delicious brightness. We did not get to try the plain Shoyu as both girls insisted on Miso. The Misi was also very good, but did not out-shine the Tonkotsu-Shoyu. The toppings were perfect...thin slices of ultra tender chasu (pork), strips of mushroom and pickled red ginger (nothing like sushi ginger).The Pork Belly Bowl was everything the name suggests. Tender, well seasoned pork belly atop sticky rice. So good. We like to sprinkle the toasted sesame seeds on top.The service was fast, friendly and very welcoming. The place is tiny as are most noodle houses you find in Japan. We went at 2:30 in the afternoon and were able to get a table right away. (was almost hoping they'd be packed...forcing us to go to Raku *sigh* my fav, lol)Heads up! As of June 1st they are offering Hayashi Chuka which is a cold Japanese noodle dish. Perfect for summer. We didn't order it this visit, but will definitely be headed back soon. It is a favorite of ours, but we've only had it in friends' kitchens. They serve canned soft drinks, and our whole family highly recommends you give the Calpico a go. It's tangy, almost reminiscent of the original tangy flavor yogurt at Red Mango or Pinkberry. Very refreshing :)
5	Short menu. Great food. I will be back. If you are looking for a Ramen house that feels like you could have just walked in from a street in Dotonbori, Osaka, this is it.
5	This place has the best ramen in Vegas! The place is very tiny but I love sitting at the bar where you get a full view of what's going on in the kitchen. I like to order the miso ramen with golden corn. I'm no expert in miso but it's the most delicious I have ever had! The fried rice and gyoza are also really good too although sometimes the gyoza comes out stuck together and rip when you pull them apart. Otherwise the service has always been great and friendly, but winter time is the best to go because they have no air-conditioning!
4	YUM YUM YUM...YUMMY Alert!!!  Me and my fiance finally checked this place out and have eaten there two more times. When you finally find it in this strip mall the whole in the wall is a treasure. You can tell you are there because there is always people waiting out side and cars all around the one door.This place is SMALL and HOT! There is a little wrap around bar that holds about 6-8 people and then maybe 5 tables. It is warm in there but no one seems to care. Everyone just eats there hot ramen noodles in the hot restaurant.The ramen is so yummy! Get the egg added to your soup. That is the only add on I would recommend. I have had two of the broths and they are so rich and yummy.  You really cannot go wrong. This place is NOODLEISH!
3	It was 105 degrees outside. TURN THE FRICKIN' A/C UP DAMMIT!!!My buddy and I wandered in here for our last meal in Vegas before heading home for LA. Read some positive reviews so we decided to check it out.Service was very nice and friendly, I'd give it a 4. My miso ramen was pretty good but nothing extraordinary. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and go with a 4 though. My friend had the tonkotsu and didn't really like it because it came with thin noodles (won ton noodle type) which he wasn't expecting. So just a heads up for anyone who is concerned about that sort of thing.But the big kicker was that whoever runs the place has the temp dialed up to an abnormally warm level. We sat there the whole meal with sweat running off our foreheads and trying to fan ourselves with our shirts. Just on this issue alone I would not go back. We really couldn't finish up our food fast enough to get out of the restaurant and back into the car so we could turn on some A/C! Totally ruined the experience for us and this part gets the establishment a 2 in my book. So YMMV but I would not go unless it's nightime... or winter.
3	For a place that's doing so well and getting to be extremely popular, you think they'd have more capabilities to upgrade their AC system or even turn it up a few notches... But nope! Located in Las Vegas, over 100* in the summer and serving nothing but boiling soup AND an open kitchen that lets heat from the stove circulate throughout the extremely small dining area...Monta is a great place to dine in the winter, but in the summer, you'd have to eat it with struggle. I'd hate to give it less than 4 stars because of its environment, since the food is delicious, but Monta is one of those places where it's really a diamond in the rough, and it will eventually affect the way you feel about the meal overall.The restaurant itself is very tiny. It sits up to around 30 people max and because of its popularity, it is always packed. They have about 10 items on their menu only, with 4-5 of it being their specialty noodles. The broth here is superb, especially their miso flavored ramen. It is very rich and buttery in taste. The soup is not salty at all, and their noodles are extremely fresh and chewable. It is almost uniquely sweet when you bite into them. The char siu pork that comes with the noodles (japanese pork with soy on the outer skin and slow BBQ) is delicious. The meat is thinly sliced and fatty at the same time. When you bite into it, with the combination of the buttery taste of the broth, you will get an almost guilty sensation of rich flavors. It is really worth the experience, if you can deal with the heat. Monta gives you the option of adding extra items into your ramen, each of it having a charge from like .50 to $3 ... The only thing that is worth the extra charge (since I ordered it all before-- not worth it!) is the boiled egg, butter, and extra char siu. Everything else will just overwhelm your soup and by the time you're done eating half.. the soup will be soggy and floating with stuff in it. Just beware though, the standard price starts off at like 6.95.. But  if you get carried away with the extra sides... your ramen can come out to about $14 without you even realizing it!
2	Ordered the kim chi fried rice, green tea (did not expect it to be in a can), and a light brothed ramen noodle soup with pork belly, shredded mustard greens, bamboo shreds, and black mushroom strips. The pork belly was first class, the rest of the soup was too salty for my taste...I can imagine that it would have been perfect with 50% less salt. The kim chi fried rice was also a little salty. For the price, the overall quality was only soso. Oh, I also ordered gyoza, which was just average at best.I will say that the atmosphere seemed authentic and very Japanese with the cute waitresses screaming the orders to the kitchen in Japanese.If the food were less salty, this place could easily get at least 4 stars.
5	I can not tell a lie.  My knowledge of ramen consists of dry squares from the supermarket you put in hot water and that food that Naruto really loves (I know I'm nerd, big surprise).  Needless to say I'm no ramen connoisseur.   On the other hand it was like my eyes were opened to a whole new world.  Like the time I realized that there was better anime and that Naruto is really just middle of the road (I had to close the book on that one).So Monta is a nice small little place. you come in and the waitress greets you like she's a character straight out of anime (no I haven't been watching a lot of anime lately . . . maybe).  You sit, she gives you the menu, you order and it was on our table in just a couple of minutes!  Now that's service.  Heck, I may have even flirted with her once or twice in the evening.  I can't tell, I watch anime.  The place stayed busy throughout but it didn't seem till we were nearly done that there seemed to be any wait time especially considering the quick service.Now as for the food itself, my friend recommended the tonkotsu and he deserves a pat on the back for that.  The broth was full of flavor.  I didn't even need to put the garlic on it but I was just curious if that would taste better was well . . . AND IT DID!  The noodles were yummy, the small pieces of pork in it were excellent, and the glass of water refreshing!  I may not be an expert in ramen but now I'm wishing I can be one.  I'm already talking with co-workers about visiting again soon.  For such a cheap price, it's both tasty and pretty damn filling.  Two thumbs up.
5	It's small but they serve really quick and their noodle with soup is so awsome! Mostly crowded but you can have seats quickly.
5	This is the best place I've been too for japanese noodles.  Its a small place and often crowded, so get there early!  I don't live in Vegas, and this place is not easy to get to for a tourist.  But I'm really glad I found it and I know I'll try to go back every time I'm in town.  Oh, the dumplings were really good too.
5	I went to Vegas recently for a mini-getaway, and being the crazy ramen aficionados that we are, my boyfriend and I HAD to come here and try this place during our trip.We both ordered the Tonkotsu-Shoyu ramen with extra chashu and hard-boiled (more like deliciously and perfectly soft-boiled!) egg.  The broth was absolutely delicious--just the right amount of flavor and rich pork fatty goodness to make it taste perfect!  Even though it was 103 degrees outside, I didn't care.  I ate and drank the entire bowl clean.  Gluttony at its finest.  Woo!  I was extremely impressed with the quality and texture of their chashu.  It was marinated just right and they really did cook it for hours to get it to really melt in my mouth!  The moment I bit into a piece, I didn't even really have to chew at all...it immediately disintegrated into orgasmic morsels of ecstasy and rocked a party in my mouth!  The egg was perfection...just the way all ramen "hard-boiled" (I still think they should call them "soft-boiled"...it just suits the texture better!) eggs should be.  The yolk was nice and and gooey and soft.  It complimented the ramen broth so well!  Needless to say, I wolfed down the entire bowl in about 10 minutes or less. hehe ^_^  We also got an order of the regular fried rice, and the only thing I can say is that it is THE BEST Japanese fried rice I have EVER had in my life thus far (in the States).  The rice was so extremely flavorful and light (because too much oil is a no-no).  Sprinkled with those little slices of heaven known as their chashu and plenty of pickled ginger, it tasted PHENOMENAL.  That was the 2nd party that rocked my mouth in one sitting!  Boy, what an awesomely dining experience!Exquisite ramen.  Good price.  Great service.  Will most DEFINITELY have to visit again whenever we're in the area.Oh, and my brother (who doesn't eat pork) also came with us.  He ordered the kimchi (or spicy?) fried rice without the pork and REALLY enjoyed his food.  He was even full off just that one single plate, so their portions are very reasonable, considering the elephant-sized appetite that he has.
5	Living in the Los Angeles area the past couple of years, there are tons of ramen noodle places, yet I was pleasantly surprised to find this little joint in the ol' LV.Menu items of note:Ramen - well of course, duh!Lately, I've been getting the Tonkotsu-shoyu flavored broth.  The slices of pork are quite tender and soft, cooked to perfection.  Broth tends to be slightly on the thicker side, but tasty.  Always gotta get the add-on hard boiled egg with semi soft yolk.  The texture of the noodles always comes out right for me.Service:The waitresses are always friendly to me and very polite.  I think most, if not all of them, are Japanese, which is a good thing, considering I'm eating ramen.Reasons why I come here:The poker kitchen at the Rio is consistently lackluster every summer, and when I only have one hour for dinner, this is one of the best options.  Also, ramen is one of the hallmark foods of the modern day peasant.  I encourage all other like minded peasants to join me in celebration of......our peasantry? *Fist Pump*
5	Tired of the busy and often pricey food on the strip, wife and I decided to venture out to the Chinatown area in search of some alternatives.  Based on the Yelp review we landed at Monta, and was pleasantly surprised!  The ramen noodle are the thin firm style which we loved, and the tonkosu broth was excellent!  The place is small but cozy, waitress are friendly.  My only gripe is they don't have one in So Cal area where I live.  Definitely heading back there again.
5	Holy upgrade! It's been a while since we've been back to Monta.  It's not because it's not delicious.  Believe me it is the very delicious!  We finally came back for ramen last night and the entire experience was such an upgrade!  Two air conditioning units added in and no wait on a Tuesday night.  Hooray!Now onto the food.  Move over Bun Thit Nuong, Taiwanese cold noodles, and Naeng Myun.  Summer cold noodles got a new MVP!  Cold ramen noodles at Monta Ramen.  What better dish to eat than cold al dente ramen noodles mixed in with a tangy light yuzu soy sauce and crunchy toss-in's of fungus, cucumber, bean sprouts, egg, pop of mustard and of course, you can't forget the FATTY FATTY cha-shu!Conclusion:  Monta Ramen cold noodles during summer time.  Monta Ramen hot noodles during the winter time.  FTW.
4	I've been to some premium ramen joints in North America (Kintaro in Vancouver BC and Ippudo in NYC), so I definitely came in here with tempered expectations.  In addition to the traditional Japanese greeting by the staff as you come in and an open kitchen view of the chefs preparing the food, what struck me was the significant number of older Japanese business men who had come in with their suits folded against their shoulders on a blistering hot summer day to order a steaming bowl of noodles!  That clued me in this was perhaps the real deal.Being my first time here, I went with the Tonkatsu ramen, which is ramen in pork broth stewed for several hours.  Bonus points for speed since I could have sworn my entree arrived within 2 minutes from the time I ordered.  Step one is tasting the broth:  the broth was at once unctuous and velvety smooth with intense flavors of marrow and porkified goodness without seeming overtly greasy/oily.  Moving onto the noodles, there should definitely be some spring when you chew on the noodles and these were definitely on par with the other places I've visited with just the right amount of "al dente" and some umami embedded within the noodles themselves.  Finally there's the pork which is marinated in soy and cut paper thin with a thin lining of fat that has condensed into a perfect strip of pork belly perfection that is just right for the creamy broth it is bathed in since any more would cause the pork to loose it's distinct note.  The basic order also includes some bamboo shoots and kikurage (japanese seaweed) and it is a steal of a deal at 6.99, but I think what would have completed my experience was the addition of a few toppings such spring onions or mustard greens (for a few bucks more) to cut through the richness of the broth and add some additional textures and color.  There is also the option to add a hard-boiled egg or to get an extra serving of noodles if you're needing something more substantial.All in all, definitely an authentic joint that measures up to the greats and will be somewhere I will frequent again and again especially during the colder months.
5	Yep, visited only a couple of days later for lunch with co-workers.   We all had to be there before it opened at 11:30 or else we'd never have enough to eat.  There was a line before it opened and there were always at least a few people who had to wait either at the entrance way or outside at all times.  Also important, your whole party has to be there or you won't be seated.And yes, yet again the tonkotsu impressed.  I love it!  And this time I ordered the extra chashu.  That meat in that delicious broth is just perfect.  Maybe one day I'll be compelled enough to order at refill for less than two bucks, but trust me when I say that one bowl is perfect and hits me in the right spot.  This might become a regular stop for lunch, of course provided I get there early enough.
5	Best Ramen in Town IMHO... The Miso ramen broth is savory and quite rich, but a bit too salty for me. I tend to lean more towards the Tonkatsu Shoyu ramen where for me the broth is to my liking. All ramens are delicious though and I would recommend trying them all. My favorite adds are extra chashu pork, egg, shreaded green onion. I alway leave enough broth to order Kaedama (extra noodles).
4	Thank you Yelp!!! After a disasterous meal at Ichiza the night before, Monta was a refreshing change.The ramen bowls aren't super huge but the food is delicious! I ordered the hiyashi chuka special on the board (cold noodles) with ponzu sauce and no mustard. The noodles were deliciously chewy and the dressing hit the spot. It came with a large portion of shredded egg omelette, cucumbers, tomatoes, and their awesome chasu.We also had the pork belly bowl to share and it was awesome! The pork was tender and juicy. Tonkotsu ramen had broth that had good depth.Come here early or you'll have to wait since the tables and seats are very limited!
4	I've only been here a few times, and I enjoyed a lot eating the ramen, I always order the Tonkotsu since it's the best one, according to my friends.The ramen sure taste good, but the only bad thing is that it's too salty for me. The place is really small so it's really packed when it's busy. I like how I get to see the kitchen when eating :] I think this is the best ramen place in Vegas, and I will always come here to eat ramen, but it's not the best in U.S. (I like the one in little tokyo more)
4	Was visiting for a few days, why oh why did I wait until my last day  shere?  Tonkatsu ramen was creamy and savory at the same time, delicious!  Gyoza was also memorable.What I wish were not so memorable were the waitresses yelling the orders to the kitchen.  Please don't yell over my head, why don't you actually start shouting out the order to the kitchen when you have completed your short walk over there instead?
4	Excellent place for noodles. I mean, really really good. It was hot as heck in Vegas and we still went to go get noodles for lunch. Place gets packed pretty early on, but well worth the wait. Vegas has Monta, LA has Hakata Ramen Shin-Sen-Gumi.
5	Im in love! Tonkatsu ramen mmmmm and pork belly bowl! I'm sad when there's a wait!
4	Small ramen house - max occupancy is 26 people. Thus there is going to be a wait for a table or a seat at the bar. As most people mention, it is worth the wait. The waitresses are friendly and efficient. We ordered ramen but also gyoza and fried rice. I liked the fact that everything came out at the same time, which is not the case at some restaurants. The tonkatzu broth is richer and hearty, while the shoyu (soy sauce based) broth is clearer. Comes with basic toppings and if you want more (noodles, pork) or additions like corn and kim chee, it's an add-on.Overall, great bowl of ramen with good texture noodles (not overcooked) with friendly, efficient service. I'll have to try the pork belly bowl next time.
5	This place is amazing!!! Coming back to visit my family after moving away from Vegas, my brother decided to bring me here. Being in the Navy and travelled around, he said this is the most legit ramen house he's found since being in Japan. Not having left the country since I was 5, I took his word for it.Boy, was I impressed! It's SO worth the wait for a spot in the tiny hole-in-the-wall!I'd been craving ramen and haven't had any luck finding a good place to try in the Bay Area, this really hit the spot! I got the shoyu-tonkatsu broth which was rich and savory. I love that you can add different ingredients to personalize your meal. While my brothers opted for nori, I chose mustard greens. The sour crunch of the veggies balanced well with the salty, buttery broth. It appealed to my Filipino-taste buds in just the perfect way.I wasn't overly-stuffed with my meal - I couldn't imagine ordering a double noodle portion!!! - but I was definitely satisfied. This is one of the things I'll miss about Vegas, besides my family.
5	Simple amazing.  The noodles here were fantastic with a nice variety of different sauces to completely customize your meal.  I had the Shoyu Ramen and it was wonderful.  The noodles and pork were fantastic.  The broth was also incredibly flavorful with a smoother, milder taste.  I tried the tonkatsu broth too which is equally wonderful but in a more milky, slightly heavier way.  The gyoza was also great especially paired with some of the sauces. This was definitely one of the best things I have eaten in a long time.  The fact that I was hungover and had spent the morning in the desert only added to the greatness.The place had a very nice, and subtle ambiance.  The place was clean, the decorations were very simple but had personality and the place drew a nice crowd that was more than just the tourists that clog the Strip.  The wait staff was also incredibly helpful, efficient, and friendly.  I liked that when my table ordered the gyoza they said it would be ready in seven minutes.  Now that's service!  Oh, and they have A/C now. so your desert heat fears can be alleviated.If you're in Vegas and want to get away from the hustle and bustle of the Strip and also want some great Ramen this is the place to go.  I definitely recommend going.  Also, great hangover food.
4	When you think of ramen you would think Cup 'O' noodles but after coming here for the first time I will never think of ramen the same way again. The place is pretty small and seats about about 30 people, but from what I've heard from people that have been to Japan the look and feel of the place would be your typical ramen house. The first time I visited Monta was with a group of 6 and the wait wasn't that bad considering it was during lunch and the place was pretty packed. I also liked the fact that you can sit at the counter in front of the cooks so you can see all the action going on in the kitchen.The food here is awesome, from the ramen to the gyoza to the pork belly bowl all are simple dishes with outstanding flavor. I've tried both the Shoyu and the tonkotsu-shoyu ramen the only difference was the broth where the tonkotsu was a pork bone flavored broth. In both they put slices of pork which have been slowly braised to the point it melts in your mouth. So if you're a pork lover this is the place to come check out. The noodles are cooked to perfection and by watching the cooks they use a fresh noodles in which they cook to order. The texture combination of the soft pork and the chewy noodles makes you want more and more.I guarantee you will never pick up the package ramen ever again after you've visited Monta. So if your looking for a quick bite and want quality Japanese ramen come check out Monta it will make you say "cup 'o' what???"
5	And I still....LOVE Monta! Cold noodles on a 110 degree day...perfect! I love their cold noodles! It is filled with yummy things like cucumbers, eggs, bamboo shoots, bean sprouts "mushroom/fungi" and of course the fatty pork. Since I tried it a couple of weeks ago, I haven't strayed from the cold to the hot. The mustard is a bit spicy for my taste so I always have them leave it off.  I've only tried the sesame sauce thus far, but I am pretty content with it. For the price you pay, you definitely get your money's worth. I've always had to take half of it home to eat it for later which works out for me since I love leftovers! I also ordered the small pork belly bowl.... that sauce with rice is heaven! I love Monta and I love how efficient and fast the food comes out. If you are coming for lunch, it's packed at 11:30 when they first open, so come later if you can.
4	it was so crowded i ordered take out. it was one of the best and one and only japanese ramen place i found in Vegas coming from Hawaii which have ramen houses all over the island. the tonkotsu broth was so creamy and good and the mentaiko rice bowl was delicious. i would definetly go back everytim i crave ramen or a nice soup broth to warm you up
5	Hey Yelpers !!!!Last week I picked up my friends from the Airport and took them here. They are from Bay Area in California ... so they are used to eating good ramen. They said the Broth was really good but the noodles lack what they are accustom too. Here is the ringer ... when they had the pork Belly Bowl ... they said this is the best. I always enjoy coming here ... friendly service and always good food ... and if you haven't tried it ... try the pork belly bowl. ....:)
5	OMG! The Tonkotsu ramen is mouth-watering! I will be dreaming about it for some time! In fact, I'm seriously thinking of coming back to Vegas every year just for this ramen! The broth is delicious! For the meat lovers, get extra pork belly bc they don't give you much meat. The miso ramen was not as good, too heavy and salty for our taste. The regular fried rice was very tasty, but it's small bc it's a appetizer serving.
5	This place is tremendous.  Great ramen noodles and fried rice.  The best is the chase pork slices....oh my god, it melts in your mouth.  Absolutely awesome.  Away from the strip, in a tiny, almost deserted strip mall area.  I actually bumped into this place as i was headed to the Korean BBQ place next door, but once we arrived, my wife wanted to try ramen.  I'm glad she made that choice!  We've been back to Monta 3 times - and we don't live in Vegas - and still haven't gotten into the Korean BBQ place yet!
4	My fiance and I craved something lighter the morning after having the Bellagio buffet the night before so we ventured out to the chinatown area and we love noodle soups so we decided to try Monta Noodle House for some ramen since it had decent Yelp reviews!Wow what a gem!  The place was very small and there were about 6 parties waiting already less than a hour of this place opening up.  The place only seats about 35 people, but we figure the turnaround should be quick being a noodle house and we are glad we waited!We decided to share a Tonkotsu ramen with a hard boiled egg, got a bowl of extra ramen (too bad it didn't come with extra broth though), we tried the gyoza as well, and the takana fried rice.  Excellent ramen!  Was not overly salted and had great flavor.  The gyoza was very tasty.  I think the biggest surprise came with the takana fried rice.  This was a mix of vegetables and there was definitely a spicy kick to it which was just right, not overpowering, not overseasoned.We were very pleased with this noodle house and definitely wouldn't mind coming back here whenever we are in Vegas.  This location is cash only.4 - Ambiance (very small, plain, hole in the wall noodle house)7 - Service (decent service, very fast paced work)10 - Price (cannot beat the price of a quality ramen place like this)7 - Portions (portions were ok, smaller than ramen places we are used to)9 - Quality (great tasting food, the takana rice was excellent)Lunch: Sat. Sep 3, 2011
5	I'm so glad my gf found this place on yelp for our final lunch at Vegas!We ordered:- Tonkatsu Ramen: Absolutely wonderful smooth & milky pork-based broth. My favorite ramen is at shin sen gumi, and this bowl of ramen was very comparable, if not better. I also added toppings of a hard boiled egg and extra slices of pork - they gave 6 extra slices in addition to the two slices of pork that came with the bowl by default. I decided to avoid the kimchi because I didn't want the Korean toppings to dominate the Japanese broth. Noodles were cooked perfect, and you can order extra noodles for $1.50.- Shoyu Ramen: This is the darker one, I believe it's miso/soy based. My gf had this, and I tried the broth and it seemed equally as delicious.- Gyoza: It's like lightly grilled potstickers- Fried Rice: typical fried rice as expected - not something to die for, but good.- Kimchi Fried Rice: Pretty much exactly like the fried rice, except that it had a bit of the tangy flavor that the kimchi added- Pork bellow bowl: This was my favorite out of the fried rice bowls. Lightly cooked, tender, moist and juicy pork belly strips layered on top of white rice. Definitely worth getting along with the ramen.Service was fantastic. Our group of 5 was sixth on the waitlist, but it moved pretty fast; we waited maybe about 20 or so minutes.Cliff Notes: Tonkatsu Ramen with hardboiled egg and extra pork. Pork Belly bowl.
4	This is what I call GOOD RAMEN. This place is quaint and cute nestled away in a little shopping center off of Spring Mountain. It is SMALL so there may be a wait around peak times. That's probably the only downside. But it's definitely worth it.They had four ramen to choose from: tonkatsu (pork bone), shoyu, miso, or tonkatsu-shoyu. All of which come with the basics: chashu (pork slices), bamboo shoots, green onions, and kikurage mushrooms. You have the option to add "extras" to personalize your ramen.I had the tonkatsu-shoyu ramen with a boiled egg (as an extra). In retrospect, I should have ordered extra chashu -- which I recommend you do if you like pork. The meat was so tender and melt-in-your-mouth that the two slices the bowl comes with wasn't nearly enough! The broth was very tasty and not too salty like how some ramen can be.They have other side dishes (gyoza, fried rice, etc) but I have a feeling those aren't the reason people come here. They're simply there as fillers. Stick to the star of the place: ramen of course!This is definitely the place I will come to to satisfy my ramen cravings that I get once in a while. I have a feeling as soon as winter hits, I will definitely be frequenting this place for the warm deliciousness that is Monta Ramen :)
3	Ramen just sounds perfect after a weekend of binging in Vegas. The ramen was "A-OK", I was not a huge fan of the noodles, the broth was good and they were kinda stingy with the pork. Monta was average compared to ramen places I have been to in the Los Angeles/Orange County area but I left content and ready for the drive home.
5	I came in here to try the Tonkatsu Ramen after seeing all the photos on Yelp. Good God, it's delicious. The broth is made from pork bones, fat, and collagen--not exactly healthy for your heart, but certainly beneficial for your soul.
3	Kinda mediocre, not very deep flavor to the broth. I like that you can customize with various items such as corn, green onions (.75 cents), egg..http://s3-media1.px.yelpcdn.com/photo/5vh0Gt5cyP3QbFrc7w_e3g/l.jpgI don't think I'd come here again.
5	five stars for their...      uMami  enjOyabledistiNctivehearTy      sAvoryNoodles and both, ahh just gotta love this place. Its Japanese soul food!
4	Fantastic food!  My favorite is the Ton Katsu Shoyu Ramen bowl.  You definitely need to be hungry to finish it as the bowl is huge.  The broth is a mix of the two styles of broth from Japan; a bit sour but with the miso taste in it.  Four stars as while I've no complaints on the food, and they also have a liquor liscence which is cool, the restaurant only seats about 24 so if you want to eat, be prepared to wait at least 30 minutes when the place is full (and it always is).  If you get there about 5 minutes before it opens you'll be able to get a seat; getting your bill is also a bit of a challenge but overall a great experience.  Lastly, the service has been dropping off as of late; for such a small place getting your bill shouldn't be so hard.
4	Good ramen in Vegas.
4	This place is very simple. The wait is kinda a bug. But if you didn't come to mess around, the Shoyu ramen is very tasty. Also had the Kimchi fried rice and the freshly made gyoza. It's a dive I would love to come back to.
4	My fiance and I visited Vegas over the Labor Day weekend.  We had the Bellagio buffet and the next day we figure we would get something light and soupy so we checked out yelp around the area for noodle soup and Monta popped up the search with very high ratings.Located on Spring Mountain Road, this hidden gem is well tucked away in a strip mall.  It's comfort food for my fiance and I especially after the Bellagio buffet dinner on the night before.The place was very small and there were people waiting when I got there.  They won't sit you unless all of your party are present which is nice so no one can hog up the table.We ordered Tonkotsu ramen with extra ramen, and flavored egg, gyoza and takana fried rice.  Everything was excellent.  The takana fried rice was very different than the regular Japanese fried rice.  It has a very nice kick to the taste too.  My fiance and really enjoyed the food and would definitely come back whenever we are in town!The place is cash only.
5	Holy Ramen Batman!!!!! I gotta hit this place up at least once a week and I order the extra bowl of ramen. This place is small but intimate and very nice to watch them make it right in front of you. I absolutely suggest coming here either with friends, or heck take a date. Everyone likes ramen and if you don't you can't be a friend of mine!
5	Best ramen in vegas. Shoyu ramen is my favorite!
3	Great place to get a flavorful meal under $10. I got the tonkatsu ramen and a bottled water. Ramen was good, but I'll have to remember to get extra pork next time. Service was great. Food came out right away. It was another lunch for 1, and it wasn't so bad. I was in and out of there within 30 or so minutes (around 4pm on a Monday).
5	My husband and I, coming from the land of no ramen houses, took FULL advantage of being in Vegas, and went to Monta two times in 4 days. The menu and the restaurant, both small, but intimate and ultra efficient. (Besides some sides like fried rice and bowls, there are only three kinds of broth. Tonkatsu, shoyu and miso...oh and a combi of two of the.) After ordering, even on the busiest nights where there was a short wait, our noodles and gyoza came out in about 3 to 5 minutes, piping hot. The staff is genuine, the food savory and well done...and the prices are great.  Two giant bowls with extra con, butter, spring onion, pork and kimchee...along with gyoza and sodas equalled to just under 20 bucks. Nice condiment tray at the bar/tables too.
3	Tried their Tonkotsu Ramen Noodles w/ shredded green onions, Kim Chee, and Calpico soft drink."OK USA!" - Bloodsport. aka Not bad.
4	I've tried all, most recent, tonkotsu-shoyu. I think I like that combination the best. I love it with that soft boiled egg.. nom.. I took my parents there recently, mom had the miso which was good but bit too salty for our taste, dad ordered kim chi fried rice, I thought it was ok, I wouldn't order it again. Whenever I go to Monta, I'm there for their ramen, nothing else!!Only thing I find it odd is that they don't give out hot water as a drink as my mom requested for it..
3	It was ok.  We all got the tonkotsu shoyu, I guess we all though that was the most flavorful combination.  Well it wasn't.  I think miso usually is the strongest flavor unless you have some serious broth.  But their broth is a bit lighter.  Combined with Shoyu it was just saltly I guess.  Not very complex flavors.  The gyo za is average.  Doubt they make it themselves.  Probably try the miso instead of the tonkotsu shoyu if I ever come again.  Not a bad place, especially considering vegas, but overall not the best.
3	This is the ONLY place in Vegas that is close to what we have in San Diego, the infamous Tajima.It's good, but I think it's because I have no other choices lol. The noodles taste like they came out of a bag that says "TOP RAMEN", no eggy taste at all and the broth could stand to see LESS salt. And I don't mean to be so negative but really, nothing compares to what we have back in SD.I like Monta, it's perfect when you need a ramen fix.
4	Monta Noodle House is an exceptional rarity, especially in a desert locale like Las Vegas. This place is popular with both locals and tourists (in my case, I am simply an out of towner). Although not nearly as amazing as Shinsengumi or Daikokuya in my hometown of LA, Monta is a great alternative if you find yourself hankering for a satisfying bowl of ramen after a long drive to Vegas. I opted for a classic bowl of ramen with slices of pork char siu, and it totally hit the spot for me. If you ever decide to skip out on the numerous fast food chains in Barstow, be sure to pay Monta Noodle House a visit. You'd be glad you did!
4	I've been to ramen places all over from LA, SF, Hawaii and more, and I am a fan of Monta. It definitely has similar quality of ramen compared to many of the other places that I frequent in LA and SF. I ordered the basic staple of Tonkatsu ramen. The broth was very good, not too greasy or salty, but a great combination of pork flavors. The noodles were also well cooked, not too soft or al dente. Then comes the best part, the large pork pieces that are placed in the ramen. They are thinly sliced with a portion of fat that just makes it taste so good. I always want more, and often do order extra pork for my ramen, since they usually only give you about 2-3 pieces and after you have them, you want more. The ramen also comes with some other ingredients and if you start adding some extra ingredients, the cost of your bowl of ramen will add up (including a soft-boiled egg, extra noodles, some vegetables, and more). Overall, this is a quality ramen joint that I will definitely go back to again.
3	Before I finally tried this place, a couple people told me this was the best noodles in Vegas. I has the T. Shoyu noodles & Takana fried rice. Both were filling & okay, but I thought pho was more satisfying. Don't think I'll be back. I tried seeing if they had siracha hot sauce, but the server ignored me. These are only my opinions, perhaps many others think Monta is one of the best as well.
4	This is now one of my favorite places to eat at when I'm in Vegas!  A great place to eat at if you like ramen or want to eat something other than pho while you're in Chinatown.  I came here for dinner after spending some time at the pool before getting ready for a long night ahead.  I ordered the Tonkatsu ramen and added corn and a hard boiled egg.  The broth was very flavorful, I couldn't stop eating.  I added chili oil to my bowl for a kick because I like it spicy.  Good meal to have when you need to recover from partying, even in the heat!
4	Ramen was yummy. Pork belly bowl was yummy. Gyoza was yummy. No complaints.
4	Mmmmm...
3	I used to love this place and somehow the BF one day didn't want to go. He gets that way. Either burns out or just finds the taste odd somehow. I didn't get it and have been thinking about a nice bowl of soup. So I convinced him to pleaaasseee come and eat something else than the soup.I got the shoyu-tonkatsu and my taste has changed. It was just too salty for me now.  I took the noodles and didn't drink the broth.  I had a massive headache immediately after and drank a ton of water. Owies. Since I've gone and cut out processed foods I think I've become sensitive to high sodium. The cold noodle salad was still pretty good to me though and I took a bite of pork belly bowl which is still one of the yummiest things on rice.I just can't see myself coming back very often unless I want some cold noodles.
4	If you're sensitive to salt, then I would recommend you stay away from the ramen. I like salt, so the ramen was fine with me. It's very hearty and just hits the spot. Even if you can't enjoy the ramen, come here and try their rice dishes, they're pretty good. All in all, it's a good spot to hit up the morning after a night of intense hardcore drinking.Recommendation: Fried Rice
5	You hungry but you're on a budget? Well never fear, Monta is here! For under $10 you can get a delicious meal that has no comparison in town. The Tonkotsu Ramen is literally the best tasting noodles I've ever had (.) (PERIOD) So if you ever feel like Tyrese and say to yourself "Me Hungry!" Ask your friends "Did anyone suggest Monta yet?" and they will be ever so thankful that you've enlightened them on how ramen should really be served. I would know, as I once used to be that guy. Now I'm customer for life.Ask for: The Ray-men ($10)-Tonkotsu Base-Miso Men (Wavy Noodles)-Extra Chashu-Corn-Chili PowderOptional: -Garlic (Not recommended for dates)-Asahi (Goes well like PB&J)
3	**3.5 Stars**Located conveniently next to Raku on the outskirts of Las Vegas Chinatown, Monta is the latest darling in the Vegas foodie scene and follows the popular ramen trend that has already hit LA, NYC, and the Bay Area.  Authentically Japanese owned and frequented by many Japanese during our visit, Monta offers shoyu, tonkotsu, and miso broths.  Tonkotsu appears to be their most popular offering and bowls start at a reasonable $6.95.  Each bowl comes with two pieces of chashu, green onions, and some bamboo shoots.  Overall, the bowls are on the small side and toppings a bit sparse than other top places I've frequented.  Corn, butter, Kim Chee, and a hard boiled, not soft boiled, egg can be added.  Broth flavor was good though a tad salty and one noted compared to the more complex broths I love at Santouka.   The noodles are fresh but thin reminding me of the fresh made noodles at Maru Ichi in the Bay Area. I personally like thicker noodles like Orenchi in Sunnyvale.Service, due to the small space and crowds, can feel a bit rushed and they initially forgot our drink orders.  No biggie and quickly fixed.  Monta is a nice addition to the ramen scene but with minimally topped bowls and solid broths, ramen aficionados will likely have tried more polished ramen parlors in SoCal and NorCal.  Monta doesn't accept credit cards and is cash only.
2	I've been here a couple times before hand, but lately it hasn't been what it was when it first opened. I went with my dad at my last visit. We both have the same taste in food so i thought he might be able to help me review this place. We ended up ordering 2 miso Ramen, as they contain the least amount of sodium, and we both were surprised at how they could end up making this one of the SALTEST broths we'd both ever tasted.. the worst part about it was it wasn't even ramen noodles.. it was the type of noodles they use in Chinese pan fried noodles..(thin egg noodles instead of wheat noodles)  which surprised both of us. I honestly wouldn't go back just because of this fact. The broths are just too darn salty...
4	If you got a hankering for authentic traditional Japanese ramen then this is the place for you, and its affordable. I'd recommend getting their early because it fills up fast. Staff is friendly and the food comes in a timely manner. The ramen itself was cooked perfectly and I'd recommend ordering the tonkatsu ramen. I only wish they had more items on their menu.
5	This is absolutely the best ramen shop in Las Vegas. The place may be a bit small, but that assures quick service. [Although on weekends it is normally full; with a long wait line around dinner time] It is absolutely worth the wait. The waitresses are super nice and very pretty. There is a kitchen view from the bar seating where you can watch the chefs make your ramen. The food is all very delicious. The chashu pork bowl is my new addiction, with a starter of their nice crispy gyoza. All of the broths for the ramen are very tasty and the noodles are always perfectly cooked. The prices are very reasonable, as well.
4	Monta was recommended by a friend. The place is small so bigger parties  would not be recommended since the restaurant wont be able to fit 20 diners in one area.Monta is constantly packed so waiting in line has to be factored in.The restaurant emulates that  of the Japanese noodle house small places with an open kitchen.  As soon as we ordered from the menu which  a small selection of food you can definitely tell why the PLACE  IS CONSTANTLY packed. The quality of the food is excellent, the soups, the Gyoza and the Kim Chi fried rice are really good. I would definitely recommend everyone to try this Restaurant out.
4	Always stop by Monta for ramen when we are in town.  They serve up some tasty ramen.  I usually order the miso although the tonkatsu is tasty as well.  The gyoza is good too.  I ordered a small rice bowl one time but the ramen is enough and I struggled to finish both.
4	Love this place. Attentive and friendly service. I had the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen, which was delicious -- and opted for the extra noodles (only for those with big appetites, I didn't need to add). Ramen starts at $6.95 -- one of the best meals I have had recent memory for the dollar. Gyoza were also delicious.Would return -- Daikokuya (in LA) and Monta are the best ramen places I have found outside of NYC.Would return.
2	Way over-hyped.  From the Bay Area with tons of great ramen shops here, this joint is way below standards by comparison.  Nevertheless, this shop is in Las Vegas so you got to take what you have available here.  Their "basic" ramen choices are very bland unless you order a lot of the extras.  If you want something tasty, plan on layering all the extras, otherwise it is not worth it.  My family paid $40 for taxi rides to and from our hotel with this place and it definitely wasn't worth it.  Place is super small so not a lot of tables for their customers.  We went on a night that was not crowded.  Service was friendly.  If it wasn't for this, I would rate this a one star.
4	Pork Belly bowl will warm your belly. Ramen GOOD!
3	I found the tonkotsu shoyu ramen a little too salty for my taste, but decent overall. We tried to go again a few times but it was too crowded with at least 19 parties ahead of us. I am not that crazy for ramen to wait 2+ hours :-/ our 45 minute wait must've been a rare moment, on a Wednesday afternoon. On weekends? Forget about it.
4	a very good place for japanese ramen noodles. this place can get busy as it is popular as well. prices are reasonable for the quantity and quality of the food. i would go back to this place.
5	This place is amazing. Who would have known the best ramen in town would be off strip. I make it a point to stop here whenever I am in town.
5	Wow.  Simply, wow.I'm a big fan of David Chang of Momofuku fame.  I have his cookbooks and just received his first issue of "Lucky Peach", an awesome quarterly magazine.  This particular issue of the LP focuses on ramen and the way it's adored and eaten and made in Japan.  Different broths and combinations of broths and perfectly cooked noodles and various garnishes and seasonings that adorn th bowls of love that are slurped in thousands of little ramen houses tucked into the most unassuming little nooks and crannies throughout Tokyo.Anywho, I've been geeking over ramen literature and got to thinking maybe it was high time I got back to Monta to try to get me a bowl.  The last and only time I tried to get a bowl the wait was half an hour at 2pm in the dead heat of the summer.  There are only around a dozen and half seats up in there so it can be hard to snag one.This time I waited for my bowl and I'm glad I did.  So good!  Only 3 different bowls on the menu.  I love that.  In ramen joints in Japan the ramen masters only serve one thing, ramen, and do it for decades.  It's artistry and perfection.  I don't know bout them bowls out there out in J, but for my first serious bowl of ramen and the proximity of the shop, I fell in love with my bowl and slurped up every last drop.Yum.
4	I went back to Monta today and I must say, it was different from the first time that I went! Maybe they just had an off day! Regardless, this place is always busy for a reason! Check it out! Fried rice ftw!
3	I was told the cold noodles were awesome but they were just okay in my book.I went up to use the restroom and the waiters thought I was done even though like half of my food was still left. By the time I went back they had cleared away my plate and I was still hungry =*(.
5	I have been here five weekends in a row and last weekend I didn't, only because I was out of town.  No matter...I'll be back on my ramen kick starting up again this weekend, woohoo!I have not been able to stray away from the tonkotsu-shoyu ramen with char shu (pork), nitamago (egg) and nori (seaweed.)  I've ordered and enjoyed it every single time.See you again this weekend Monta!
4	Although my own House serves up a pretty bowl of Ramen (and NOT the prepackaged kind), Monta Noodle House is my "go to" place when I don't have the right ingredients on hand. The shoyu-tonkotsu broth with added corn, soft boiled egg, and nori perfectly warms my belly on those chilly Vegas nights.  With chili sesame oil, ginger, and garlic- I am in noodle soup heaven. The bowl is just the right size for me (and I can eat), but my husband thinks it is just not enough.  Therefore, he must add 2 orders of pork slices and more noodles, and a  small order of pork belly and rice to fulfill his grumbling stomach.  Thus, what was supposed to be a cheap soup dinner because a lot pricier. It is a small restaurant with about 5 tables and seats at the counter, but the turn around is pretty quick since the menu is very simple.
4	I've eaten here once and though a bowl of Japanese soup noodles isn't usually my first choice for dinner, Monta has really good grub.  I was with 3 of my LA friends (who have plenty of eating experience in LA's Little Tokyo) and they also thought the food was excellent.
4	Excellent place for some good ramen.  Also, ordered the small pork belly bowl.  It wasn't exactly what I was expecting.  It was small slivers of the pork belly with rice, pink ginger , and scallions.  Thought it would just be the big chunks of the pork belly.  It was tasty, but would not order it again.  Instead, order the extra cha siu for your bowl.  This was the best tasting cha siu I have ever had at a ramen place.  It was moist and had some fatty goodness in it.  Yum!
3	3.5 star.  We ordered the shoyu and a tonutusku-shoyu ramen.  The mixed tonutusku-shoyu ramen tasted way better than the regular shoyu.  The shoyu tasted like soy sauce in water; I know shoyu means soy sauce, but every other place where I eat shoyu ramen, it didn't actually taste that way.  The tonuskutu-shoyu had at least some richness to it.  The noodles tasted ok, if I only ate the tonuskutu-shoyu, I would of given it 4 stars, but because of the shoyu broth, I am giving it a 3.5.
5	If you love hole in the wall establishments, Monta is right up your alley!  Located in a nondescript shopping centre (Seoul Plaza), Monta offers the best Japanese ramen Las Vegas has to offer.  Don't let the drab plaza deter you, this place will knock your socks off!  Upon entering, you will notice that seating is at a premium so arrive early because this place will fill up quickly during the lunch/dinner rush, otherwise you have to write your name on a clipboard and they will call you once seating is available.  I recommend sitting at the bar for two reasons: you get to watch the staff make the ramen in front of you and also the bar "table" is made of solid wood and adds to the ambiance.  I highly recommend ordering the Shoyu-Tonkotsu ramen, which is a melding of pork broth and soya based broth, thus creating a perfect balance of saltiness and savory-ness.  (is that even a real word? :p).  If there ever was such a thing as orgasm in pork form, their Chashu pork would be it.  Their Chashu pork is so tender and delicate it literally melts in your mouth.  Add in Nitamago (marinated hard boiled eggs) and you got yourself a bowl of awesome!  All of this for less than $8.00 a bowl, what's not to love?  Do yourself a favor and try this place, you will not regret it!
4	This is my first review so be gentle! I would like to say I came in here at a very good time! From what I hear, it's a densely crowded place with a bit of a wait, but I didn't wait and had a nice seat with my friends! This took place on a Saturday night as well, mind you.Service was so-so, but goes well with a small shabby place such as Monta. Shabby, but CLEAN. It reminded me very well of the corner noodles houses they have in Japan. Stepping into Monta reminded me of the times I stayed in Japan during hot summers and cold autumns. I ordered the Tonkotsu-Shoyu ramen. Dericious aromatic smell, and served hot. I could say I enjoyed every bite and every piece of pork in this ramen! (Mind you, I am not a pork fan.) I believe Monta deserves a first-timers graced visit, so check em out! :)
5	Monta neighbors Nakamura-Ya, & Raku. With an authentic sushi place to join the strip mall, this is the spot to get some kick-butt Japanese food. Monta is a ramen-specialty restaurant that is not to be skipped!RAMEN: Their menu is small but mighty. What kind of ramen you like? Miso, Shoyu, or Tonkatsu? They come with thin slices of char-siu pork. Ichiza actually has my favorite char-siu.... but Monta's is a solid second. Overall, the ramen here is far superior anyway. There's also a variety of toppings you can add for an additional cost. Generally, I order the same thing every time: Miso Ramen w/ Egg & Nori. YUM! I've sampled every type of soup but Miso is my favorite. The broth is rich & flavorful and I can't find it as good anywhere else.APPETIZERS: If fish eggs are your thing, Monta has the freshest Mentaiko in Las Vegas. Order a Mini Mentaiko Bowl (Rice, Mentaiko, Scallion)--throw some soy sauce & togarashi on it as a delicious starter. Gyoza here are good too but nothing to get excited over.OTHER: There's a board on the wall that has the other entree items. On different occasions I've seen some type of cold noodles, rice bowls, and fried rice. My memory fails to remember the rest but so far none of them interested me enough to try. A client of mine recommended to try the cold noodles.... maybe next time.Come for the Ramen, Stay for the Ramen, Come Back for the Ramen--good eats.
4	I enjoyed a nice bowl of shoyu ramen here. The charsiu was tasty but could be better if it was cut a little thicker. Still, I will definitely be back for more!
4	I heart Monta!! Another one of the restaurants in my winter rotation. I've tried the shoyu, shoyu-tonkatsu, and tonkatsu ramen and hands down I like the rich fatty tonkatsu broth the best! However, I'm not a big fan of the thin noodles that come standard with that option....because the noodles become less than al dente as I work my way down the bowl.  To fix this little issue, I have them swap out the noodles for the miso or "curly" noodles to ensure al dente goodness.  The charsiu (pork) slices are one of the best parts of the ramen....it only comes with two slices....so make sure you order extra if you like meat :) As for the little extra bottles of goodies on the table....I always add the chili oil, sesame seeds, togarashi (red pepper flakes), and the garlic paste.... pickled ginger is also available but too strong in flavor for my taste.  Also, for the big carb loaders out there...make sure you save some soup at the end...you can request extra noodles for less than $2.  Although the ramen is good relative to Vegas....better than Ichiza, Shuseki, Anime ramen, Yokohama kaigenro...it won't compare to the ramen places like Ipuddo in NYC.Only negative notes are that sometimes the broth is too salty...and they want you to eat and go...so you'll have to find somewhere else to hang out after you are in a food coma...my recommendation is to venture over to Wendy's noodle and order the mango tapioca dessert with coconut milk...for a nice finish to lunch. Prices are pretty reasonable around $10 if you add some of the extras listed at the bottom of the menu.
5	Read about this place in December's las vegas magazine.  Arrived about 10:45 am and this place opens at 11:30 am.  Then people started arriving and standing in line, then we decided to join the line.  It is very small place with only 5 tables and a sushi counter.  We tried the tonkatsu shoyu ramen and gyoza.  Their broth is  just as good as those in Japan..  This is so far the best ramen I've eatten in all my travels.  We are planning to add this to our list for our next rip to vegas.  Definitely will recommend  this place to all of our friends.
4	First night in town and we headed straight over to Monta House.  Of course, it was packed; we were already prepared for that and waited the 45 minutes to be seated.  This is a small joint that seats no more than 30 at a time I would estimate - I didn't sweep the room and take a head count, so that's my ballpark estimate.  It's probably the good-sized living room w/their kitchen incl'd for the whole place.Their menu and selection is straightforward and simple:  3 types of noodle broth and you pick and add the extras you want in there.  Each of the 3 soups come with green onions, two slices of cha siu, bamboo shoots and kikurage.  You pay anywhere from 50 cents to two bucks for addt'l toppings.  They also have gyoza and varieties of fried rice & pork belly bowl - yummm!I ordered the Tonkatsu-Shoyu Ramen with extra helpings of Cha Siu and Nori.  First sip of the broth and ohhh was I in my happy place!  The combination of the tonkatsu pork bone / fat with the Shoyu soy sauce made for a flavorful rich, creamy and salty soup.  I was quite happy that I ordered extra servings of the cha siu.  Let me tell you that was one of the best slices of pork I've ever had.  They simply just melted in my mouth and the taste with the broth made it simply superb for the entire experience.Definite must return the next time we're back and I'd give my recommendation to anyone as well.  Expect the long wait and you'll also have to put up with some cramped seating arrangements and limited elbow room - you're not going to get anything more than 5 persons to a table.  Aside from that, not to forget at the verly least, service was very good and friendly.
5	This place changed my idea of Ramen noodles. One word. Bangin!, the runny yolk egg in the soup is the shit.
5	I can easily say this is one of the best ramen I've had in the States. Choice of Tonkotsu (pork), Shoyu (soy-sauce), Tonkotsu-Shoyu, or Miso based soup... The noodles are near perfect texture, cooked al-dente, and the chashu is delightful -- Tender.Aside from a bowl of Tonkotsu ramen, we had some gyoza and mini-mentaiko-don. Nothing disappointing here. The service is good ol' japanese efficient and friendly. Only downside is the size of the spot, but that is also what keeps its' authenticity. Monta ramen wa chooooo oishiiiiii! , mainichi tabetai!
4	Holy crap the miso ramen is really salty. The broth is still good though..you can really taste the miso. My sister had the tonkatsu ramen, which was much less salty, so I liked it more than the miso. Both soups were yummy. It's amazing how they get the broth to be so creamy without any butter!Kimchi rice is meh, it wasn't as kimchi-y as I would have liked it to be.FYI: they have different noodles for each broth. The miso ramen has a thicker, chewier noodle (dericious) while the tonkatsu ramen has a thinner noodle that I didn't really care for. I didn't do this, but you could probably ask for the thicker noodle + the tonkatsu broth! Try to go early to avoid lines! We went around 6 PM, and by the time we left (630), there was a long line outside the door. Everyone seems to be in and out pretty fast, though.
4	The ramen was delicious, noodle was bouncy and soft at the same time.  The broth is okay, some say its salty and others say its just perfect so its personal preference.  One thing that got the big mark down is the amount of meat they give you,  two freaking pieces, really now, its really lacking because of this, but overall, still yums.
5	After living in Japan for a year, I fell in love with ramen. I tried Pho and saimen as a substitute but it's NOT same. So when I heard about this place and read all the great reviews I couldn't wait to try it out. It definitely lives up to the hype!! We got there at 12 on a Thursday and had to wait about 20-30 minutes. It was well worth the wait. We tried the goyza (I make this fresh at home and restaurants never beat my fresh ones but since it has such good reviews we tried it). If your a fan, definitely order them! So good!! I got the shoyu with boiled egg and cashu pork. The pork just melts in your mouth and the egg adds a nice texture to it. My Dad got the tonkastu with the cashu pork and loved that as well. Both types had amazing flavor, and we're just like the ones we fell in love with in Japan. If I could give this place 6 stars I would!!!
5	All I want to do is eat here all the time! I had the Miso Ramen with pork and it was the best ramen I have ever had.Show up early as there is usually a line just to get in right when it opens.
3	3.5Head off the strip into Chinatown for some good ramen.  We arrived at Monta only 30 minutes after it opened and were already facing a long line of hungry locals.  As with many ramen shops, it is very small and seating is limited to tables and the counter.  Our group of four were seated within 20 minutes and I ordered the standard Tonkotsu bowl.  I thought the noodles and pork slices were nicely cooked, but the pork broth was a touch saltier than what I prefer.  My husband's miso broth was smooth and savory, without the overwhelming saltiness.  There are also options for you to add in extra ingredients to customize your bowl, such as an egg, pork, corn, and extra noodles.  A great find that's different from the usual Vegas eateries.
5	this place sits 24 people max (I think that's what the sign says) there's usually a line to get in but it's worth the wait. tonkatsu ramen, Kim Chee fried rice and gyoza is all you need...it's a lot of food so share :)
4	This place is to die for.  Everyone I bring here either finish their entire huge bowl of noodles or in my husband's case, eat my bowl as well.  Their choice of broths are all flavorful with varying degrees of heaviness/lightness.  The pork is to die for.  The non noodle dishes look great as well but I can't tear myself away from the noodles. Since it's cold out right now, nothing hits the spot more than a bowl of hot flavorful noodles.  Be sure to get there early, before 11:30 if you're going there for lunch because there's always a line out the door.
4	This is probably the most FATTIEST, yet most flavorful and tender tonkatsu I've ever eaten. Make sure you get the tonkatsu ramen with thick, aka "curly" noodles, nori, and some corn for that crunchy texture.  Yum-o.And here's a tip: don't pack your leftovers and eat it cold on the way back to California in the car...this stuff turns into a fatty, thick, sludgy stew that's pretty unappetizing.
5	Best Ramen in Las Vegas. Then again there aren't many here. Love the miso ramen. I'm going to try the tonkatsu with the thicker noodles next time. I'm not a fine of the thinner ones.
5	Monta Ramen is one of the most surprising restaurants I have found in recent memory.  I have had all four of their broth choices, and all four are winners.  My favorite is the shoyu, but I find myself ordering the miso every now and again.  Whichever broth you choose, I would definitely get an egg added.  Their spiced eggs are simply delicious.  I have not had any of their other menu items so I cannot comment on those.  The best thing about this place, other than the food, is the atmosphere.  The waitstaff  is friendly and quick and even all of the customers are in good spirits (it is hard not to be with ramen like theirs).All in all, this is a fun place for any occasion.  Off work and don't want to cook? Monta Ramen.  Date night? Monta Ramen.  Just plain hungry? Monta Ramen.
5	I was first introduced to this place when my friends had asked if I wanted to try out the best ramen in Las Vegas.  At first I was hesitant seeing as I have had plenty of ramen in Vegas.  They are good but not what  I was expecting.  When he had said the name Monta, I was relieved to know that this was not a place I had previously eaten at which is surprising seeing as I have eaten at plenty of ramen places.When pulling up into the lot you would have to look for it seeing as Monta is a pretty tiny place.  This is definitely one of those places where you would have to hear about.  One of those hole in the wall places.Once you walk in you are greeted warmly by the staff and the cozy environment.  You can see the kitchen and the workers all hard at work trying to fill the mouths of its many customers.  One thing I have to say about this place, and I have eaten here many times, prepare to wait a bit for there is usually a line because of how delicious this place is.Once seated there will be a small menu with now four types of ramen you can choose from.  A tonkotsu base ramen which is pork based, shoyu which is soy based, tonkotsu-shoyu which is a mix of the two, and miso which is bean paste based.  They also have side items which you can put into your ramen like corn and eggs which are a pretty much a must.  The portions are also very generous and you will get that good fill feeling.I have personally eaten them all and can vouch for them all.  They are all so good.  Monta is like the In-N-Out of ramen.  They specialize in ramen and boy, do they deliver.  This is now one of the only ramen places I will go to eat.  A very cheap and delicious way to spend with friends or even eat at by yourself.  There are few places where I will eat by myself and this is for sure one of them.
4	My friend and I first came to Monta via the public transportation bus and I do not regret waiting in the cold for 20 minutes and another 20 minutes at the restaurant for a table. I was soooooo relieved that Monta did not disappoint as I was also feeling a bit guilty for making my friend wait so long with me.Their ramens are surprisingly good and the broth is flavorful, but not overly heavy. I ordered the tonkatsu broth with chashu and egg. The chashu was fork tender and I really appreciated that the yolk was not fully cooked. We also LOVED their Mentaiko bowl. The scallion, nori and touch of soy with the mentaiko was a match made in heaven. We went back on our last night in Vegas just to have it for the last time. Making the trek to CT for Monta is so worthed it. The bill plus tip and RT taxi fare will be cheaper than any comparable restaurant you find on the strip.
5	We had two Calpico drinks,a mini mentaiko, an order of gyoza and two shoyu ramen with chashu pork and nitamago.  DELICIOUS!!! One of our favorite spots in Vegas.
3	Mmm, ramen~  There's nothing like a bowl of steamy hot noodles that can cure any trace of a hangover.I've only tried this place twice so far and every time they set my bowl of steamy hot miso/tonkatsu ramen with chashu and egg, a part of me rejoices.  Japanese chashu is normally tender, juicy, and melts in your mouth.  Monta's chashu doesn't disappoint.  Always get extra chashu!  The soup is really tasty and full of flavor [although if you show up during the rush, it can become way too salty].  The establishment itself is very small and becomes packed fast.  Seating is limited and there always seems to be a line right when they open.  3.5 stars!
4	Ordered the MisoShoyu ramen which was pretty good but pretty salty.  Flavor is good and meat is fatty.  Noodles aren't as "bouncy" as daikokuya or santouka but for $7 in vegas a few minutes from the strip...non c'e male!
4	I will admit - I am far from ramen noodle expert.  However, I will say that was a damn good bowl of soup!  This is a great place for a quick lunch.I had the tonkotsu - shoyu with extra meat and an egg.  Also, an order of Goyza.The pork was so good - it was tender and delish!  The broth was savory.  I would have liked to see more noodles in the soup, but hey...  Lotsa flavor and texture.  The goyza was good too.It is a small place.  They have 28 seats jammed in there!  They turn some tables here, so don't go there thinking you are going to sit back and relax.  I guess semantically this is a fast food place because you get food fast and you even eat the food fast!  But it is not fast food that you normally think of.  I would say that this is real good fast food.
5	I'm going to lobby for a bullet train or an underground mine shaft (with pulley cart included) to take me pronto to Monta Noodle House from the strip.This place is popular with the locals and frequent Vegas visitors.  The hype is no bull and regrettably if you arrive after 5 pm, there are clusters of hungry ass people waiting for an open seat outside & inside.  And dammit, I will wait.You cannot go wrong ordering the shoyu ramen, unless you space and not ask for extra char siu aka "juicy pork butt".  To really have a ramen equivalent of the "Calgon-take-me-away" dreaminess, get extra char siu, egg, nori, menma (marinated bamboo shoots).  Their broth has been made the traditional way.  Really good broth doesn't require lots of salt or shoyu, just enough to enhance its flavor.  I rarely finish the broth, since most places make it way too salty but I cleared my bowl here.One tip I will mention is the ramen will come with basic garnish of  green onions.  I made the mistake of ordering it as an extra, and I got a mound of jullienne scallions which was a bit onion overkill.Their gyoza is excellent, and compliments a bowl of ramen so don't forget that too.  On top of all that yumminess, super cute&sweet servers that are fast on their feet to clear a table so I can devour more ramen when need be.
4	I have died and gone to Ramen Heaven. Enough said. Four stars only because they are in need of added square footage. Small and gets crowded. BUT worth every minute of the wait. Done yelping...back to grubbing. Mmmmmmmmmm
4	Cool, cozy, legit, tasty.
5	Fantastic! I've eaten ramen is numerous ramen houses in Japan and the US. Monta is delicious! Most ramen houses are very small and have a long wait due to their popularity and greatness. So I was prepared to wait. Lucky for me I came at the perfect time and didn't wait long!I had the miso ramen and goza! Their gyoza was made to order and prefect! The miso ramen was awesome! Broth was balanced with just enough miso to make it perfectly creamy how I like it! :) I got all the toppings and they came in big portions and complimented my ramen well. This is one of my new favorites for ramen! Very nice prices and worth the wait if there is a line! Try it!!
5	Their pork. That chashu pork, oh my god. K first of all it's like my crack when I'm in Vegas; it's the first thing I hunt down when I get here. It's like the most amazing thing I've tasted in my entire freakin' life.The restaurant is quite a modest noodle house, very small, and they have a simple menu. It seems this kind of place would just be something to overlook. But NO. Their ramen is the best ramen I've had.Their broth is very rich and flavorful-- I've been to ramen houses were they put a lot of salt and MSG in the broth for its lack of flavor--not here! Very rich. Noodles were not too hard nor too soft, just right in the middle.But, the pork. Dear god the PORKNext time I go I will get extra chashu pork in my soup. Their pork literally just falls apart. I've had soft pork before, but that was because I'd get nothing but cuts of fat. Here, the meat is so tender and flavorful. I don't know what they do to it, but it's just downright amazing.Each one of us got a different bowl of ramen they offered, so we pretty much ordered the whole ramen menu. Each one is delicious. Their shoyu (soy sauce broth) is the original ramen, but it is very delicious. I enjoyed mine. Everything else was delicious as well.We got a chashu bowl, and it was a simple bowl of chashu pork with rice over it, but it was just the best thing ever. The pork is so amazing, I could go on and on about it forever.Their kimchi rice is also quite good! Not too spicy, but it does give a kick.You really can't get anything "bad" or "ok" here; everything on the menu is amazing.Our group of friends were rock climbers and just got done climbing in Red Rocks for the day, so they were quite famished. We each ordered one bowl of ramen to ourselves, split a chashu pork bowl, one plate of gyoza, and one plate of kimchi fried rice, but they decided to get extra noodles. Nope, even famished rock climbers could barely finish what we got. And the price we paid for was so small for the generous helping of delicious food we got!5 stars for Monta! Cheap prices, excellent food, and great service.
5	Best Ramen in VegasRamen: small menu only 4 soup bases, My boyfriend loves Tonkotsu Ramen but I love the Miso Ramen. I get the Miso Ramen plus extra Chashu pork and extra egg. Which is more then enough for a small person like me. But for a guy who loves to eat my boyfriend usually orders with extra ramen. The soup is delicious, you would think the Miso ramen would be really salty but it's really well balanced. I love sprinkling the spices and drowning my soup with sesame oil. I like my soap red and spicy. Line: The wait usually is 15-30 min the place is pretty small but the line moves quickly because people eat ramen pretty quick. They have small waiting area inside and a bench outside.Customer Service: The waitresses who work there are super sweet, but once they mixed my order with another table and gave us free kimchi with no charged so I thought that was sweet. The cooks are funny, once I sat at the bar peeking up to see how the cooks make this delicious Ramen and a cook cracks a joke at me.
5	She brings me ramenSlurping greedily ensues Extra chashu please
5	This can definitely be on the list of hole in the wall places that are beyond excellent in food and service! This noodle house is very, very small and has a very limited amount of seating. I went in about an hour before closing, and were lucky in order to get a seat since it seemed very full according to the wait list from earlier.Since I don't eat meat, I ordered the vegetarian option that isn't on the menu (you need to ask your server to special request this since not many people know unless you ask). Our server was very knowledgeable and lively with the words she used to describe the ingredients and taste of their dishes. Delicious, all the way! I only tried the vegetarian option, but I certainly will be back when I'm in the area to try all the other items.Keep in mind this place IS very small, so you're best bet would be to probably swing in on the less busy nights or for lunch during weekdays. Hopefully they'll expand in the future, but I would highly recommend this place in the Chinatown area if you're looking for a slightly different menu other than the many pho places that are around that area.
3	We ordered ramen with pork and the pork was just too fatty.  I didn't understand why they chose pork belly.  The broth was okay, wasn't awesome and wasn't terrible.  I'll stick with something other than ramen and try something else next time.
5	Have tried almost everything on the menu (though it's very easy to fall in love with one ), and your dining experience is the greatest  value in the city. Fast, friendly staff.  Amazing delicious food. The secret's out: Monta Noodle house is the best!
5	Because my girlfriend is a ramen fanatic, we had to try this place on Christmas day.  Surprisingly they were open.  After trying the 2 highly rated ramen in NYC and enjoying both of them (ippudo and totto ramen), I felt the ramen here was much better than the NYC ones.  My tummy was happy.The 30-45 min wait was long but not as bad as totto ramen in NYC (1.5-2hrs).
5	GREAT food!!!I love their gyoza, they're crispy on the outside and warm and juicy on the inside.I always get their tonkotsu ramen with extra chasu, and never fails to amaze me. what can i say, Its just tooo good to miss out.
4	Best Ramen in Vegas. This isn't your 25cent pack of Ramen from the grocery store. It's the real deal.  Cloudy broth with hot noodles and delicious slices of roasted pork.Choice of 4 Ramen bowls. Tonkotsu, Shoyu, Tonkotsu-Shoyu (combination), and Miso.My favorite is the Tonkotsu-Shoyu, best of both worlds!  Full of flavor, not bland at all..I only added a little bit of spice to add some heat!I would definitely add a hard-boiled egg (minus a star because you have to pay extra, EGG should be included!)The bowl itself it well portioned and I was full after finished off last drips of broth and slurping my last noodle. We also had the pork belly bowl.  To me this was flat.  As in, not what I was expecting with pork belly.  It was more gelatinous than crispy with fat on it.  Order the small bowl to try it I'd say. Quick tips: Can be a long wait as the place is small so plan accordingly.  However the food comes quick, almost 5 minutes after you order! so the turnaround time isn't bad at all.Get your noodle fix at MONTA! Man...after writing this I'm salivating for some Ramen..I'll see you there
5	Outstanding food ! The fried rice was particularly amazing -- better than any typical "Chinese restaurant" fried rice. Outstanding flavor. I loved my shoyu ramen - very flavorful and not as salty as I feared. I spiced it up a bit with the spices on the table. Dining companions tried the gyoza (dumplings) and enjoyed them. Reasonable prices and excellent, speedy service. Small place with very few tables and counter service so arrive early or late,as you will probably have to wait otherwise.  I dined with two big eaters and they were full at the end of the meal, sharing a fried rice a gyoza and each having their own ramen. (Note that the regular-sized fried rice was not as big as expected, but not to be missed)  WARNING: Not many , if any, healthy options on the menu that I saw - so save some calorie real estate for a great dining experience at the casual Monta - well worth it!  I skipped the gyoza, had just a bite of the rice and gave one of my dining companions some of my noodles and still -- I was content!
4	A nice little hole-in-the-wall. I had the shoyu ramen without extra toppings and it was very good and filling.  I ended up taking the rest home.  The pork slices were very tasty and tender.  I'm not a fan of fat on meats but there wasn't much in the slices and the fat was very edible. When I get meat at some Vietnamese or Korean places, I get scared but this was great.When you get there, you need to sign the guest list if the place is full (which it will be).  We had four parties in front of us but they were gone within 10-15 minutes.  We sat at the counter on hardwood stools which were not very comfortable.  The tables had padded chairs.  I'll be requesting a table next time.I would definitely recommend Monta Noodle House.
3	My first visit to Monta Noodle House was probably my last, at least for a while. I thought the food was ok, but the seating, prices and service was not what I had expected.I went with several friends and one of them had suggested it. He is into food and so I thought to give it a shot. The restaurants in and around the area of this one, usually deliver, on what I mentioned above, that this one is lacking.After waiting to get seated in the small restaurant, we were greeted quickly. What happened next was weird. We waited for almost 20 minutes before a member of the wait staff arrived to take our order. It took entirely too long for simple noodles in heated broth to arrive. It takes me two and a half minutes to make similar noodles and another two minutes to plate everything.If you go during the Summer, which is always in Vegas, be ready for heat inside. Like another Yelper has mentioned, due to its size, this place stays hot and has little to no airflow.For three people that ordered the standard fair and no beverages, the final bill should not have been anywhere near $40, but that's what I got.
5	I love their ramen! Came with a couple of friends and my sister. I tried the Shoyu ramen for 6.95 and added a side of kimchee (because me loves some kimchee. yes i do!). I also ordered the kimchee fried rice as well for $6.95. Awesome execution for both I may say! I loved the texture of the noodle. It was soft, but it still had that firm bite that you take into it. That's how I like my ramen! It also hd a very tender slice of pork in it and a few other garnishes. I loved the Shoyu broth. I don't know what else to say! It wasn't salty or overpowering. It was just right. Not too salty, and the broth was very nice with the mixture of the meat in it. YAY BROTHINESS!Kimchee fried rice is also of A+ quality. You can taste that nice grill taste to it. The cut o the kimchee was small and so were the small bits of egg which is how I like it too be. So YAY KIMCHEE FRIED RICE! It's such a good price too so I felt like I got more than what I payed for. The service was awesome. The server was very cheery and upbeat and attentive which I loved. So...YAY SERVICE! Thumbs up for such personal service in such a little place. I just love how authentic Japanese restaurants like to keep things small, simple, and intimate. YAY JAPAN!
4	This place was recommended by a friend who had eaten here before. It has a very small dining area and we understood why yelpers complained about the wait. Lucky for us, we went at the perfect time because the bar area opened up just in time for the 6 of us to chow down. I got the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen with a side of Takana Mustard Leaf. Others enjoyed the other types of Ramen and the bf got the Pork Belly Bowl. Since I've been in SB for a while, I haven't had good ramen, so this was a special treat! I must warn you though, the container of reddish spices was very salty and I personally don't recommend it unless you try your dish first and want more salty goodness. I love adding white pepper to kick it up a notch and the sesame seeds were a nice mild addition as well.I took a bite of the pork belly bowl and it had a nice flavor. It's pretty much marinated bacon, how can you go wrong? The ramen was very tasty and I was finished before I knew it. The mustard leaf added additional flavor, but wasn't really needed. This is a great find and a place that I'll definitely come back to.
4	Solid place for good ramen. And the kimchi fried rice is delicious too!There is usually a wait during lunch hours as the restaurant is very small. The service is always friendly and prompt. The prices are a little high for the portion sizes, but it is still a good lunch spot.
5	Best ramen ever!!! I love it! No other comment or review needed lol they are good at what they do^^
5	This is what a Japanese noodle house should be. No distractions, nothing to take away from the quality of the food.And Robert Irvine would be proud of this place: their menu is one page.The food is absolutely fantastic. I love the tonkotsu ramen, but often times I have a hard time picking which one. So I end up being a pain in the ass to the waitress... haha. I do love how you are able to customize the bowl to your tastes (i.e. adding corn, extra seaweed, more pork, etc.)Best ramen in Vegas hands down.PS, the place does get packed.. on account of it only being able to seat maybe 20 people? (or less) but it's part of the "small and cozy" factor!
5	Oh Monta, how I will miss you.  On our recent vacation to Vegas, we had to hit up Monta.  I've been meaning to try it after constantly hearing my friend boast about how good it was.  I was like, seriously is it that good?  Well, long story short.......It is.  We flew in to Vegas early afternoon, grabbed our rental, and headed straight to lunch.  We got there a little after 3:30 and was seated immediately.  The servers are all very nice and they move quickly and work very efficiently.  Per my friends recommendation, we both ordered the Tonkotsu-Shoyu ramen with the Nitamago (Kind of like a marinated, perfectly cooked boiled egg) and 2 orders of Gyoza.  The food came out quickly and was piping hot.  We both took our first bites and smiled at each other across the table.  The noodles are interesting and not your typical ramen noodles.  When I first stirred the broth and noodles around, I was thinking that they may be kind of mushy, and too soft.  Nope, they still had a very nice texture to it, and the broth was full of rich deep flavor.  That marinated egg......OMG, so much flavor and cooked absolutely perfectly.  The Chasu, super tender and flavorful.  The gyoza was good, however I usually like it better when the bottom is a touch crispier.  My wife rarely brags about food like I do, but she made sure to let my friend know how good the ramen was and that we had to come back again on our next trip.  Ahh, yah I think we can do that.  Thumbs up Monta!
4	Asian people love noodles. I am asian, therefore i love noodles.I was saddened by our earlier trip to monta where the waitress told us the wait would be close to an hour.  My growling stomach couldn't bear to wait so we settled for someplace else, cough swish shabu shabu cough, and was very unsatisfied. So we decided to give it one more try on my last night in Vegas.They won't seat you until your whole party is there and luckily the other two people made it just in time.  This is a cozy restaurant which just adds to the ambiance a japanese noodle house.  menu: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UPIYuRaZvknINOd1w8kqRQ?select=0iVynxXHiYaBNFOadj1eRAI ordered the Tonkotsu- shoyu ramen : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UPIYuRaZvknINOd1w8kqRQ?select=7-nI-NPnmeMYeoJBNzkSugI thought the ramen was delicious.  You could tell the noodles were "wendy's", fresh not frozen, and the garnish were all nicely cooked.  The pork was so tender and fatty and delicious.  You could eat that all day fa sho. We also tried the fried rice and the gyoza.  Gyoza is top notch, some of the best i've ever had and I had some Godly ones in japan..  The fried rice was pretty delicious as well.I really liked my experience here.  The waitresses seemed to be imported straight from Japan, very hospitable and nice.  The food was excellent.  And it didn't break our wallets either.So if you're asian or not, and you're craving ramen in Las Vegas, Monta is definitely a "SAFE BET".. VEGAS PUN INTENDED.
5	Best ramen i ever had. Im im love with the milky Pork broth from the tonkotsu ramen. The butter is a MUST as add on, trust me! It gives it a more rich and creamy taste which is so addicting. Their gyoza are very tasty and so is the pork belly bowl. It is comparable or even better than those highly rated ramen places in LA such as shinsen-gumi. I must come here every week!
4	Went here for a quick afternoon snack before dinner.  Beat the crowd, authentic japanese ramen place.  The staff from the all you can eat sushi place at the outlets even stopped by for lunch.  Great flavors from the broth and the ramen noodles were very tasty.  We hear the kimchi fried rice is a must.  Didn't want to eat too much as we had dinner at Mesa Grill.  Would definitely go back.
5	EAT THIS FOOD! God if they sold the pork by the pound i'd weigh 3 bills no problem. The price is fine, the food is great, the servers as adequate, and it's packed with actual asian people! So that means it's even authentic, at least Las Vegas authentic. You need to eat here! I go tonkatsu-shoyu mix ramen with extra Katsu, sometimes I get the egg as well. But you have to get extra pork!
4	What a great find in Las Vegas! Initially, I didn't come here with much expectations because no other ramen places I've been to have impressed me as much as Ramen Dojo in NorCal. Knowing that the capacity of Monta Noodle House fit around 20 or so customers, I anticipated a wait so arrived 30 minutes before opening on a Friday afternoon. Arriving early got me a table right at opening...yay to that! so COME EARLY to avoid waiting. Monta Noodle House offers three different kinds of broth but I got a recommendation from one of their regular customers to order the tonkatsu-shoyu combo broth! The standard bowl comes with noodles, bamboo shoots, onions, and two pieces of pork. I wanted the ultimate ramen experience so I added on some extra stuff to spice up my bowl - I added the soft boiled egg (a must for every ramen bowl!), sweet yellow corn and shredded green onions (MUST add - gives great flavoring to the whole bowl). I also garnished my ramen bowl with the togarashi chili powder and sesame seeds! The addition of sesame seeds in the bowl was just perfect =) I have to say the best part about this place is the ramen that they used - the noodles were so soft & the thickness was about the size of egg noodles but with a softer texture. I definitely enjoyed this.They also give you plenty of noodles to fill you up real GOOD! If you're ever craving ramen in Las Vegas and can wake up early enough after a night of partying..remember to check this place out! It's located in Chinatown so having a rental car is convenient. Solid 4 stars for satisfaction and it's location in VEGAS!!FYI: I also heard that the kimchee fried rice was also good to try. Happy Eating =)
5	You can easily tell by the groups of people standing outside Monta that it's the best ramen shop in Las Vegas or Hawaii! A frequent patron here, my boyfriend and I have dedicated a weekly lunch date there - Monta Mondays :D Their Sapporo style miso ramen is awesome - chewy noodles, rich miso broth, and the perfect amount of toppings. Oh how heavenly it would be if they were to add crab to the topping extras!  Be sure to order a side of handmade gyoza, as well.*They don't open until 11:30am.
5	I used to think LA got one of the Best Ramen places in town.  Opinions changed!!Monta Noodle House for now got the BEST Tonkotsu Ramen Soup in town! I have tried the famous Ramen shop in LA, SF, and NYC.  This one is no doubt the  BEST.  Thick creamy soup with bald flavors.  Although I am not the fan of thin noodles but they managed to cook it right (Shinsengumi Hataka Ramen in Gardena can not get it right, so does the famous Ippudo in NYC).  I also LOVED their nitamago (soft broiled egg).  YUMMY (Look at the business photo that I placed)This place is now on my official "Must Visit" place when coming to Sin City.  So Good!$!#$!$!  and they also accept credit cards :D
5	I recently decided to try "Monta" again when my Mom came into town. I knew my Mom would not like "Anime Ramen" because it's too loud in there. I wanted to originally take her to "Yagyu Yakiniku" because they have a very spicy broth that I know she likes, but to our surprise they were closed when we got there. And, we didn't like the new "Ramen Sora" when we went there a month ago... So we had no choice but to try Monta. We usually don't like to go to Monta because of the long wait time to get a seat, but to our surprise there was no line and we were sat immediately. I've come to the conclusion that if you go before 5:00, there is usually no wait time. The thing I like the best about Monta is that you always get good service here. If I rank the service from 1 to 10(with 1 being the lowest),  I have never experienced anything less than a 20!This time, I tried the Shoyu Ramen. It was excellent. I think they have the best Shoyu Ramen in the world. No other restaurant compares. Everyone knows from my previous reviews that my favorite Ramen in the world is Miso Ramen. The thing about Miso Ramen is that no region has a similar recipe. And Ramen houses that are located in the same area will always try to copy each others style. In San Diego, the popular Ramen houses pack their Miso broth with boiled cabbage and give you nothing but noodles and broth. That means you get no egg, charsiu, bamboo, or fungus like you do anywhere else. In Los Angeles, the Miso Ramen is typically pure white in color, and extremely spicy. At the Restaurants which are run by ethnically Chinese people who are Japanese in nationality, the broth is very smooth, thin, and full of sesame oil. Now, Las Vegas is the only region that doesn't have a typical style of  Miso Ramen. Monta's Miso Ramen has a broth that is pure yellow, smooth in texture, not spicy, and the taste of the actual miso beans is extremely strong. Anime Ramen has a Miso that is almost identical to what you get at the ethnically Chinese-Japanese Ramen houses.  And Yagyu has a spicy white-broth Ramen that is very oily, and heavy in meats.  So, if you like a non-spicy traditional Japanese taste then Monta is for you. If you like a spicy traditional Japanese Ramen that has way more meat than noodles, then Yagyu is for you. If you like a thin broth full of sesame with all the sides included, then Anime Ramen is for you. That's what I like about the LV Ramen scene: diversity! In the end, after trying Monta again after many months, I have come to the conclusion that Monta is still the undisputed champion of Las Vegas Ramen.
4	Thursday 1:30pm and the wait is over half an hour for a party of two. -_- really? But seriously this place is pretty darn good. The wait is lame but it's worth it! I've only had samples of the ramen and it's good but I have had WAY better ramen elsewhere. the broth is super rich and pretty good but the noodles are too thin! I come here for the pork belly rice! It trumps all other rice bowls I have had in the area. So hmm.... LV's monta pork belly rice bowl vs LA's daikokuya shredded pork rice bowl. Let the showdown begin!
5	Before my friends tricked me into going to Monta, I thought the only kind of ramen available were the packs for 19 cents, how naive. As I'm sure you've heard the place only seats about 20 people at a time and there is often times a wait, but it's very much worth it. Their menu is quite small but everything on there is a knock out. Feeling like you can't go wrong when you order is an awesome feeling. I personally order the Shoyu ramen with corn and fried rice, the first time i tired this I knew there was a heaven. It's so savory and authentic, if you ever go, take a spoonful of the fried rice dip it in the broth and I GUARANTEE your taste buds will be enraptured with a euphoric taste. The price is fairly cheap as well around $15 a person. The waitresses are very friendly as well and always take time to teach me some new Japanese every time I go. I definitely recommend this place for anyone looking for something different within a reasonable prince range.
4	This is a tiny place that serves delicious ramen! Parking can be frustrating and waiting for a table can take a while. I especially dislike coming here on certain holidays, because there are so many people.
4	Suffice to say Monta has become the next best thing to hit Vegas since fried rice, but WHY you may wonder did I only give it a 4 star? As you may all have read the rest of the 400+reviews & counting, everyone is raving about the food at Monta & the prices, and I definitely agree with all the positive reviews, I mean c'mon you have a Menu that would fit in one sheet of paper, how can you mess that one up? They have followed the In N Out Burger's mantra...KISSS (keep it simple st*p*d) Less is More, No Frills, No guess work, in fact I love everything on their menu so much it is so hard for me to pick just one item! The only disadvantage to the "If it ain't broke don't fix it" attitude is that it GETS BORING, and you might get Monta'd out (especially if you are eating there almost every week sometimes two) I guess some good things must come to an end, and as the Law of Gravity dictates, what comes up, must come down, even if it is THE BEST noodle & chiar su pork in town. With this popularity also comes one downfall....BE PREPARED TO WAIT FOR A TABLE! Especially during the peak hours of lunch & dinner. They open at 11 am and trust me there is a line already forming outside waiting for them to open. this is a sure way to tell that a place is sure to be good especially when it's packed, but what if you are really hungry already??? Hmmm bring some crackers with you. Keep in mind also that at Monta it is first come first serve, you can not make reservations, nor will they seat you if your whole party is not there yet (they FROWN upon this) Monta is suitable for parties of a maximum of 4 if your party is more than that you probably won't sit together or even eat at the same time. The waiting time is often discouraging, HUNGRY PEOPLE are ANGRY PEOPLE! It has happened on more than one occasion that we had to go somewhere else because we got discouraged by the slew of people waiting to be seated anplay how pressed for time we already are. So by now you probably figured out why it is missing that 1 more star, Me & Monta definitely have a Love-Hate relationship. Like in any other relationship, if you fall too quickly, you will fall out as quickly as you fell. So for now or until I crave you again, SAYUNARA Monta-san.
5	Every time I visit Vegas, I feel fortunate to know some locals that always take me to Chinatown or places nearby.  This place is tiny and packed...so there will most likely be a line.  But the wait is worth it.  I had the Miso Ramyum with Pork and Hard Boiled egg as add-ons.  I picked up the tab for a party of 5 and it was still half the price as my meal for two at Ippudo in NYC.  Great food and great value.
3	I've never had Ramen that didn't have a plastic wrapper. I wanted to see what all the hoopla was.I got the Tonkotsu which was good but not much different from when I bust out my package of Nissin Top Ramen and add a slice of american cheese to create a creamy broth. The slices of roasted pork made the dish better but my meat had a lot of fat on it, I was glad I got extra, 2 slices was not enough for that huge bowl of noodles. The price is good and I feel like the dish was a good size. But I doubt I'll go out of my to go here again.
5	I never considered any other reason to visit Las Vegas aside from The Strip, but visitors rejoice! There is another reason..it's in the form of a little ramen restaurant called Monta! Fellow yelper Vicky L. recommended it to me and I made it my first stop in Vegas, right after picking up the rental car.We arrived at around 11:45 and got extremely lucky with seats at the counter, because the place filled up quickly by noon with the lunch crowd.I had the tonkotsu-shoyu and the husband had the tonkotsu. The broth for both were extremely creamy and delicious. If you like things with a bit more flavor, I suggest the tonkotsu-shoyu. The ramen noodles are the thin, angel-hair type which is a nice change from the usual ones we get in SF. The egg..how could I forget to order the soft-boiled egg? I'm actually still bitter about that. So please do me (and yourself) a favor and add a soft-boiled egg to your ramen. We also smelled the fried rice aroma from our neighbor and couldn't help but get a small order to share ourselves. It was the perfect portion and hit the spot.
1	I expected A LOT from monta noodle house. They call me Ramen Sheriff, because I've tried countless ramen joints and ramen is my favorite food of all-time.  And Ramen Sheriff gives this place 1 star. Dis-a-ppointed.They said this was THE best ramen in vegas and even THE best tonkatsu ramen they've ever had. Umm.. not to be mean or anything.. but I still haven't had any better tonkatsu ramen than Santa Ramen in San Mateo. Here was the tonkatsu ramen I had at Monta: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UPIYuRaZvknINOd1w8kqRQ?select=iPsp5gVQWZ-u3E5DzNlFOQIt was SOO salty!! Good thing my friend ordered the exact same bowl, because his wasn't salty but mine was, it wasn't just me. I told the waitress and she said "I can either give you hot water or take it back for them to cook again, but then it would take a while.. do you want me to give you hot water to try first?" I said sure since I was hungry (it's a small restaurant and a long wait). She gives me hot water, I add half the bowl and it was still salty.  Disgusting. She didn't even come back to ask if it was okay until after I was done with the whole thing!  Good job lady.  Yeah I finished the whole bowl but it was still salty. My first instinct was the Tonkatsu-Shoyu bowl anyway, but the same waitress said tonkatsu was better, since it's more popular and very creamy. And it failed. Lesson learned: Go with your first instinct!! It's usually always right.
4	Upon a friend's recommendation, I decided to head over to try Monta one night. It was 10 pm and dining options were starting to get scarce. The place was tucked away in a little mini mall. Plenty of parking in the lot, but it can be a tight fit.At this time, the place was still relatively full. We were able to get the last open table. The menu is short and to the point. You can choose from four types of ramen broths, add your toppings, or even add extra noodles. As for other menu items, there was some fried rice options and handmade gyozas. We ordered the Tonkatsu Ramen with charsui, egg, and nori; the Tonkatsu Shoyu Ramen (a bit less rich than the regular tonkatsu ramen) with same toppings; pork belly rice bowl; kimchee fried rice and an order of gyoza. All tasted great, especially the charsui topping. It had more flavor than in other ramen spots I've eaten at. I could've ordered another order of gyoza. All in all, a surprisingly good spot that I'll visit again. Keep in mind, they open till 1:00 pm on Friday and Saturday, but they only have about 7 tables and another 7 seats at the counter.
5	Ramen is probably one of my top foods, and I've had a LOT of ramen. This place is still top for me out of my 21 years of eating, and I'm staying true to that statement until I'm proven wrong. Even after my first time coming here, I'm still craving it all the way from California. The noodles are absolutely cooked to perfection. The broth is, of course, so tasteful and hot, but so good that even in the heat of Las Vegas, you couldn't care about it. The meat is THE best meat I've ever had in ramen, hands down. It's so tender and savory, it just falls apart with ease. The next time you're in North LV, you GOTTA stop by. You'll come out sweating from the heat inside the restaurant mixed with the heat from the soup and the weather, but you'll come out completely satisfied. If you're not satisfied, I don't know what to tell you.
5	As comfort food goes, Ramen can be such a go-to meal when it's cold outside (We both sweat WAY TOO MUCH to be slurping noodles in mega hot molten lava broth in the summer)! So during the colder months, we make our way as much as possible to Monta for RamenIt's tiny noodle shop, the counter seats ten and five table tops that seats twelve total.  It's open until late at night and it cranks out people like no one's business-prety much there's always a waiting list to get into this place!And it is well worth it,  the Ramen is some of the best that we have had, (and that includes Japan!  Gasp! Horror! Blasphemy!) but it's true-we went to Hide Chan Ramen in Fukuoka and the broth wasn't as good as Monta's!As we always do, there's a couple of things that we order and not much else, (it's hard to venture out when you know a dish is that good).  We start the Japanese journey with an order of the Gyoza; these pork dumplings are perfectly cooked, a crunchy charred exterior that holds in the moist juices of the pork.  Add Sujoyu, (a mixture of Vinegar and Soy Sauce) Rayu (Chili Oil) and some raw garlic, dip these little moon shaped suckers in it and pop' em in your pie hole! After you've wet your appetite, it's time move onto the Main Event; the Ramen.  As is, we're partial to the Tonkotsu (Pork Bone) Ramen- the broth is made from simmered Pork Bone, Fat and Collagen which gives it its super rich, almost creamy soup that can easily fill you up and warm your body.  It's most definitely the most satisfying noodle soup on this planet.  And especially since this is a Kyushu dish, (Fukuoka is on the  island of Kyushu) I'm particular to the flavor.  (Japan based on its regions have different tastes and styles to the same dish).  Monta's Tonkotsu Ramen recipe is from Kurume, (not far from Fukuoka) so it's really close to my heart.  Which is why you won't see me ordering the other Ramen, (there's Shoyu, Miso and Tonkotsu-Shoyu).  One of these days, We'll get to them......There's a couple of add ons and I would definitely go and order an extra Chashu, (Roasted Pork) these tender slices of heaven are as much as a main character as the Noodles and Broth.  Getting to the Noodles, have you ever had anything better than Ramen Noodles? They're just so unique; chewy and Monta really cooks them right.  We also get the Nitamago, (cooked egg) Takana, (Mustard Leaf) and sometimes Nori, (Seaweed) -the egg for extra protein, the Takana for the vegetable and crunch and Nori for the contrast in texture.  You can also order an extra helping of Ramen Noodles (Kaedama) if you have extra broth, but there's no way I have ever had enough room for that!!!In the Summertime, they serve Hiyashi-Chuka (Cold Chinese Noodles). It's refreshing and cold perfect for the summer with bits of Ham, Cucumber, Bean Sprouts, Takana, Nori and Sesame Seeds over Ramen noodles in a light Soy; it's the best on a hot day!!!I forgot to mention the Rice bowls that they serve as well; I'm not the biggest fan of these bowls but that just me- a lot of people rave about them!  I know what I like and I'm happy staying on my side of the menu if you know what I mean...The service here is excellent, the waitresses are terribly polite and the the food comes outs really fast! (They need too, cuz they have to get people in and out of there)!Ratings (Out of Five Stars)Food          4.75Ambience  4Service      4.5
5	Makes you never wanna eat top ramen cuz it obviously does not compare. Not a big menu, not a bad thing because sometimes too much choices is more prone to getting something you might not like. Everything, as far the ramen goes, is good. I ve tried most of em. I recommend getting all the extra toppings which range 0.75 -1.50. Service is quick, not really personable but food is so good you dont even wanna be interrupted or be embarrassed to be approached while stuffing your face with awesome noodle goodness. have fun here and prepare to be full and satisfied. domo arigrateful for some monta.
4	Really nice place and worth it as long as you go there right when it opens of off hours.This is my third visit to Monta but first time to review.  1.  The lines - The place is typical for a Ramen shop, with limited space to eat and to wait, but it is worth it.  My suggestion is to go when it opens and it will be all good.2.  The food -  Have had:a.  Miso Ramen - Bean Paste Ramen, very tasty. noodles perfect.b.  Shoyu Ramen - Soy Sauce flavored broth and a nice stand by.c.  Tonkatsu Ramen - Pork Bone broth - my favorite.All noodles are just right, al dente and the broth is not piping hot as I would expect, but tasty overall.  Perhaps they believe the western palate does not prefer the hot broth, but to me, it has to be piping hot to be perfect.  The soups have a perfect blend of roasted pork slices that are tender and tasty.3.  Price - Very reasonable, approximately 7.00 depending if you put extra stuff in the noodles.Check this place out.  you will not be disappointed.
4	This place is realy good,I understand now why people hype it up so much.I came in today for lunch and it was pretty packed i had to sit on the stool where you can see the chelfs wich i didnt mind i like watching them cook.And it wasnt hot even by the kitchen so thats good.I got the soy sause ramen and water.Soy sause ramen-The noodles were aldentay and very good!The pork in it was pretty good but I didnt eat it all it had a sweetness to it it was good.And the broth was yummy as well it was salty and tasted like soy sause very flavorful though,I put extra soy sause and the red chilly flake things in for spicyness it was hella good.
5	Ever since I saw a movie called Ramen Girl, trying out a properly prepared ramen has been one of my goals. Now I can say that I've finally accomplished that. This is not the ramen you were forced to eat in college to save money. I had tonkatsu ramen which had a full bodied pork broth with thin slices of barbequed pork belly. It was such a revelation of what well made noodles should be. I will regret having to go back home where we don't have any Japanese restaurants that put the care into creating this spectacular comfort food.
4	We went there on a Monday around 12noon and had a 20 minutes wait.  The menu is simple.  I ordered the miso ramen, which is good, but too salty.  I did enjoy the sliced pork (very tender) and the noodle a lot, only wish it was not that salty.  My mother had the pork belly bowl, and we loved it.  We also ordered gyoza (pot sticker), and we love it very much too.  I will make it a regular eat out place for me and looking forward to try other items on the menu.
5	Tonkatsu ramen is delish.  We come here every Vegas trip.
5	By FAR only place too go for Ramen! Growing up in Hawaii Ramen just about stable food as Spam musubi. So too finally find Ramen place same style food excited. It has all the same character small place holds less then fifty people, bar area (cool get see them make the ramen), and when the place gets packed line out the door. It SOO worth the wait. The timing is hit or miss. They first open in the morning for lunch that time always count on line. The whole small hole in the wall love because look where the restaurant located understand.The food all the ramen is good. Shoyu Ramen I die for!! The flavor is spot on the depth nice light broth and depending if order additional topping can be hearty noodle dish. I prefer couple extras. Other thing find must really perfect compliment too big bowl of ramen is gyoza. It steamed perfectly then seared off on flat top too perfection and the filling is tasty. The gyoza sauce optional but must only way too have it combine together is divine. They other sides I order the kim chee good but stand out is kim chee fried rice. It could ordered big bowl of that if they had it on the menu. =( It not over spicy but just the right amount of balance. They even have one beer offer on tap never think see small the place is never been good one too. I not remember name of it. Sorry.The service is excellent. All the servers are very friendly and attentive. The prices are really reasonable. It light healthy tasty any time meal! =))) If never been say give it try!!!
4	A little tiny tiny place with a huge huge line (get there early or late).  Make sure to sign in on their waiting list as soon as you get there. Ramen=Mmmmmmm~My bf and I didn't care much for the miso ramen but others were excellente~ :)  We'll definitely going back for more when we get a chance to visit LV.
5	This place is amazing! I had never tried real ramen before and was take here by a friend for lunch one day. There are the 3 types of ramen you can have (Tonkotsu "Pork Bone", Miso "Bean Paste" or Shoyu "Soy Sauce"). They also have a list of extra toppings like Pork, Egg, Onion, Corn, or Kimuchi. You can also add extra noodles.The ramen was really good and the place always seems to be very packed every time I come here. I liked it so much the one time I went for lunch I made it the place to go for my birthday outing. There were about 8 of us and even though the place was small they were eventually able to see us. We did have to wait a bit for enough people to clear out to get an appropriate sized table but everyone in my party loved this place. It was perfect for a cold November day.The staff is very friendly and if you have any questions about the menu they are really helpful. They have other items on the menu but it's really about the ramen. Also, the price is ridiculously reasonable for the amount of food you're given. $7-$8 for the ramen and $.50-$2.50 for toppings. I personally always get the Shoyu ramen with Pork topping. Very good every time.
4	BEST charsiu of any noodle place I've tried!! Kinda bummed I didn't order extra. Got the Tonkotsu-Shoyu and just asked for corn, but she charged me for it and I never got it.. but that's okay cause the charsiu was so good I didn't care! Have the choice of 3 different broths and either thick or thin noodle... I opted for thick and the bf got the thin with the miso broth... not a fan of miso but it was good. Mine was better.Very small place though, not really good for large parties. And easy to miss when trying to locate... But food comes out quick! And very reasonable pricing. Love it. Should try the rest of the menu, but this small bowl of ramen is pretty filling...If you haven't been, you must try.Why not 5 stars? I dunno... maybe when I sample more items I will reconsider.
4	It's a very tiny place, but the food is good. The first time I went here was over the summer, which was a big mistake. There isn't really air conditioning in there (or there was, but i didn't realize it). The waitresses are wonderful though :) and if you sit at the bar stools, you can watch them prepare your ramen.
5	Good, creamy tonkotsu broth.  Chashu was not too fatty and melted in my mouth.  The noodles were okay, they didn't have the eggy taste that I love.  The service is what deserved the 5-star.  I ordered a mentaiko bowl and stopped after the first bite, it was too fishy for me.  The waitress noticed this and took the charge off our check.  Thanks for the kind gesture Monta!
5	This is still my most favorite Japanese noodle house.  My only question is why don't they open up more of these -- perhaps one near Henderson where I work?
4	Very good ramen.  Not the best I've had, but absolutely solid and definitely hits the spot since I haven't had good ramen in several months.  I got the shoyu ramen and added nori, egg, and char sui.  Yes, I missed ramen.  The portion was completely decent.  The char sui was a waste of additional money I felt because the pork was way too fatty and broke apart too much in the soup.  Not worth the trouble, especially when there was no particularly special flavor to it.  They serve canned iced green tea which was delicious as well.
5	I'm no ramen guy. Actually, this is my first experience with true ramen from a restaurant. It definitely met my expectations. I got the tonkotsu-shoyu ramen on my friend's advice, and I also split some fried rice. Loved the rich broth, the texture of the noodles, and the way that the chashu (which isn't like what I'm used to) just melted away in my mouth. I can see how some people would complain of saltiness, but I liked it just fine. The fried rice was also delicious, although it did seem pricey for, you know, fried rice.I was surprised at first by how small the place is, but after it became apparent that this is a spot for a quick meal, including rapid filling of orders, I saw how they could get away with it. You definitely shouldn't pick this place if you wanna linger around for an hour or more.
5	Fast service and delicious ramen. I couldn't really ask for more. I got mine with the nitamago (egg), and the egg was so good I want to accelerate my next trip to Vegas just so I can get back here.
5	This is a great place to eat.  Food is amazing and Staff is great
4	One of the best ramen places I've been to. It starts off pretty cheap, and even with a few addons like the Chashu pork (must), corn, nori, etc, it was still really cheap. Lots of flavor in the broth, and the Chashu is so tender. It literally just melts in your mouth and has really good flavor. This is definitely one spot I will always come to when in Vegas.
5	Being from Hawaii I love Saimin.  But there is no Saimin here in Las Vegas.  Next best thing is Ramen.  I first went to Monta about a month ago.  I thought it was good.  Then asked some of my Japanese Speaking staff where they go for good Ramen.  They mentioned Inaba and Sora.  I went Sora and finally made it to Inaba last night.  Well actually went to Monta and there was a line then decided to check out Inaba.  Inaba had 2 tables seated, other than that it was empty.  It was good.  Handmade noodles.  Cooked to order.  It took a while to get our food, but it was good.  Would I go back, no.Then went back to Monta tonight.  I've been in Las Vegas for a little over a month and ate there about 5 times so far.  The Ramen there is Great.  I thought it was good at first, but come to find out that other highly recommended  Ramen Shops can't compare to this.  This is by far the best Ramen Shop in Las Vegas.
4	another great ramen place
5	Just north of the Las Vegas Chinatown strip is this little ramen house called Monta Noodle House. If you're NOT a local, you'll probably never find this place. Ohh...using Yelp may help you locate Monta also.We all have a mutual friend that lives in Vegas that loves Monta. I think I see him check into Monta at least once a week on FB. Small place, they'll be a wait at times but the food, ramen (BBQ pork) and apps are well worth it! I had the shoyu/miso ramen with their famous BBQ pork in the broth, A+! Gyozas aren't bad, the service was super good also. Next trip to Vegas, i'll be back! Very affordable menu too. Probably the BEST you can get in Vegas, their ramen cures hangovers!  :)
3	Raku was fully booked so ramen it is.  Good broth.  Tonkotsu much better than the shoyu combination broth.  Skimpy on the toppings.  Noodles are too soft.  Standard gyoza.  No fresh hot tea.
5	I have been try to get to this place after reading some reviews on Yelp by my hero Yuki K. So I arrange to pick up Wifee from work on a pretence of tile shopping for the new kitchen , quick detour and we're at Monta. I get the Miso Ramen, fab broth with huge pieces of pork and big fat noodles. Wifee got the Shoyu, it was simply splendid. Washed down with some Green Tea (in a can) and we were out the door for less than $20 before a tip.  It's a tiny place with super friendly staff, food is cooked right in front of you. Really good.
4	Four different broth flavors and many different add ins.  A local favorite!  Make sure you have your WHOLE party together before being seated.  It's pretty busy and a small dining area but worth the wait!  I got the Shoyu & added egg!  VERY good!  In Chinatown strip area.  Wonderful staff & make sure to get the Hot Tea in a can!  I will be back soon!
5	tonkatsu shoyu w/ soft egg! the broth is soo flavorful. sitting at the bar feels like i've been plopped in a japanese movie or anime. & i like watching the dude fling the noodle basket about.fried rice is good too.
5	Oh my goodness.  I want more noodles now.  Yum.We went on a Tuesday night at about 8;15 and there were people milling about outside, indicating a waiting list.  I had to be up early so we almost left and went elsewhere.  While we were thinking about it we put our names on the list, there were 3 other 2 tops ahead of us.  One of them had left I guess so we were sat in about 10 minutes.  I'm glad we stayed.  We were sat at the bar, with a perfect view of the noodles flinging about the kitchen.  Although I am a little short so I was standing most of the time :)  The place is small, probably no more than 24 seats, 10 of which are at the bar.  The service is quick and friendly.  The noodles come out quickly and it is fun to watch your order being made.  I got the Soy Ramen with extra scallions and extra pork.  Get the extra pork.  Each bowl comes with like 2 thin slices of pork.  It was my favorite part of the bowl, it is braised fatty pork that kind of melts in your soup and your mouth.  The flavor is wonderful and noodles are tender and slurpable (is that  a word?).  It was 20 bucks without tip and included two beers and two bowls.  It was quick and fun and tasty.  In the past I have had ramen bowls that were tasty, but they usually come with fish cakes and a few other things I don't love.  But this was pretty straight forward and no fish in any of these.  I guess it's a different type of ramen, but I like it way better.  Give this place a try, if there is a line, it goes quickly.  I will definitely go again, hopefully soon.
4	Gah! I wish I read the reviews more carefully so I would have known that you need to order the egg as an add on. Everyone raved about the egg, so I assumed it was included, but it's not! Oh well, the ramen is still excellent. I had the tonkotsu, but since my mom ordered the tonkotsu shoyu and my grandma had the shoyu, I was able to sample 3 out of the 4 available soups. The soup has a clean flavor and isn't as kotteri (fatty) as what you find at Santouka (my fave ramen joint). The noodles are also very thin - like angel hair pasta. The chasiu is definitely a standout and meltingly tender. I also ordered a small fried rice and it was delicious and quite literally glistening.We came here around 1:30 on Saturday afternoon and scored the last 3 seats at the counter. As others have mentioned it is a very small restaurant, but most people eat their noodles and go so turnover is fast. Definitely a great place to check out in Vegas for some authentic ramen!
5	I had the miso soup with the pork and hard boiled egg, it was amazing! You get a great big bowl, friendly service. Can't wait to try the other items.
5	If you've read my past reviews, you'll see very quickly that I'm broke as a joke and would prefer eating closer to my home in NLV, but Monta is the ONLY place far away from home that I will eat at and drive through traffic for (OK, it's only a 20-minute drive away but the price I'm paying for gas makes it feel like a journey).I lived in Japan for 8 years, so as far as authenticity goes, this place takes the cake (or ke-ki). The waitresses and chefs are always welcoming and courteous, and you could tell they put a lot of love and effort in every dish that is served. There are items on the menu that I haven't seen since I lived in Japan, so Monta leaves a very special, nostalgic mark in my heart. They also remember their regulars and treat them like friends. So you'd think the price would match the golden service, but NO! It's so nice and cuddly on my wallet. My wallet wants to date the face off this place. I don't know many places that fix a huge bowl of noodles that could feed two people for just $6, and still taste awesome.
4	Definitely had to find a Japanese Ramen place in my new locale. Luckily, some friends were in town and wanted to come back to their ramen house of choice. Simple menu options and great appetizers selection. I had the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen and had a few spoonfuls of the Takana rice, which were both flavorful and delicious. They request that your full party is there before you're seated, even had a bar to sit at which was quite nice for the smaller parties. Will come back to this place when I need my ramen fix.
5	Fabulous noodles!!! The pork broth was sublime and the gyoza excellent. It's a small hole in the wall, but clean and pleasant.  As is usual for this town, it was located in a strip mall, which does diminish some of the charm.
5	They're good at what they do, ramen. I, personally, feel like this is a place you go to when you specifically are craving it. You wouldn't come in not sure of what to order.  Options are limited since the menu is very small. The place itself is very small, but I think exclusivity is part of its charm. Every time I go there, it is busy and there is usually a little bit of a wait. There is a smal; bench outside for people to wait.Different hours of the day allow for different amounts of waits. There is a sign in sheet, so make sure to get your name on it ASAP.There is a drink that I get every time I am there called CALPICO. It's a non-carbonated soft drink. I know, I'm still trying to wrap my head around that idea as well. It's sweet and amazing. It's hard not to keep sipping on it while waiting for your food.
4	Pretty nice place. Simple menu that isn't distracting or full of crazy dishes. The place gets busy often and to have quite a small establishment can be quite troublesome. This place is not for big dinners, more like lunch with a couple of friends to catch up or before heading out to a movie or something. Overall, this place is quite nice and I'm sure everyone will enjoy it :)
3	I gotta agree 100% with respected Yelper: Tien N's review. He was the only guy brave enough to leave a low rating for Monta. Personally, I think that most people are riding the bandwagon and just rating this place up because everyone else is. I came again today, and just couldn't enjoy the Ramen here like I used to. Like most of my Yelp friends already know, I am somewhat an expert at Ramen. During my college years, my friend Takeichi and I went on a bizarre and pointless quest across the West Coast in order to eat Miso Ramen at every single famous Ramen house in America. 30 days and over 50 Ramen houses later, we declared ourselves Ramen Masters.Ramen has a lot of historical and cultural significance to the Japanese people. After the defeat of the Imperial forces in WW2, Japan had practically become a poverty stricken 3rd world country. It was around then that Ramen became extremely popular due to how cheap the ingredients were. There was one Ramen house in San Diego which I visited years ago, that had the exact variation of post WW2 Ramen. The Ramen itself was practically a less salty version of Shio. It had absolutely nothing in it besides for noodles and salt water. That means, you get no charsiu, egg, or vegetables. Personally, I thought it was the worst bowl of Ramen I have ever had. The owner of the Ramen house told me that the only reason she serves this depressing version of Ramen is because of it's cultural significance. At least Monta doesn't have anything that bad...    I guess the reason I originally liked Monta was because I was so used to eating the extremely spicy style of Ramen from California, so when I first had Monta's Miso Ramen it was so different that I actually thought it was good. I can't identify which regional variation of Ramen is served at Monta. Me and Takeichi think that it might be a specific Shibuya variation, but we just can't come to a positive conclusion. But, we do believe though that it definitely is some kind of Tokyo variation.I myself have begun to believe that the Miso Ramen at Monta is actually a combination of Toyko style and a random American style. In the 1960s, Ichiro Mashita created the "California Roll" because Americans kept complaining to him that his rolls that had Otoro in it tasted like garbage.  I kind of think that Monta's recipe is the "California Roll" of the Ramen world. And that's why it's rare to find a full-blooded Japanese person eating here.Weird observation:The Tonkatsu and the Miso Ramen here at Monta taste almost identical. This is very unusual. Those two should never taste that  similar.One of my friends who is full-blooded Korean always refused to come here with us. When I asked him why, he said it was because Koreans believe that Ramen is "the food of the Rats". I don't know what that's supposed to mean....It is just so difficult to move around here. The seats are designed for people who are less than 5'5" and weight around 120lbs. The stools at the bar area are very uncomfortable. Walking to the bathroom is difficult because you keep having to bump into other customers and the girls at the cash register. It's common for Ramen houses to be small, even the most popular Ramen house in America(Orochon) only seats like 20 people and the chairs are very uncomfortable. But, somehow Monta is far worse. Like 90% of the customers here are yelpers. Every time I come here I recognize someone from their Yelp picture. When I was here today, I overheard a person talking about how Monta is "the greatest" and Anime Ramen is "fake ramen". To me, Anime Ramen is far better than Monta. Anime actually gives you gigantic portions of bamboo, mushrooms, corn, eggs, and charsiu for free, while Monta charges extra and only gives about 1 tbsp of micro-sized diced bamboo. Today, I ordered extra butter and I got a teaspoon. At Sora or Anime, they would have loaded my bowl with butter. Also, at Sora and Anime, the bowls are at least 30% larger.  But, the best thing about Anime is that they give you 3 slices of Narutomaki for free.  Also, the guy who runs Anime Ramen is a guy named Ryosuke and his dad is one of the most  famous traditional Japanese sushi chefs in America, so I don't understand where this "non-japanese" rumor is coming from.   I still believe that Monta has the best Shoyu Ramen, but out of the 3 major Ramen houses in LV(Monta,Anime,Sora), I gotta say that Monta has the worst Miso Ramen. Maybe the reason why Monta has bad Miso Ramen is because it is a Toyko style Ramen house. And Toyko style Ramen houses always specialize in Shoyu. While, it is the Sapporo style Ramen houses that always specifically specialize in Miso Ramen(Miso Ramen was invented in the city of Sapporo).  But, I still love the excellent customer service here, so I'll give Monta 3-stars.
3	I don't think I've ever passed by this place and there wasn't a line. I'm glad I finally gave in and decided to wait in their obnoxious line and try their ramen. It really is all about the ramen broth here. So creamy and tasty! However, I don't feel like its the best bowl of ramen I've ever had it is certainly good. =D
4	I must say, out of all the ramen places I've tried, Monta definitely sticks out. I've had ramen from NorCal, SoCal, and New York. I don't call myself very knowledgeable but I sure as hell know what I like to eat. The best ramen place that I've tried is Ippudo, which is located in Manhattan NY. However, Monta does come close.Monta is quite a small restaurant and it has one of those homely feels to it. One thing I didn't quite like was how stuffy it was. I went during one of the warm days, it wasn't even hot, but all they had was fans and I couldn't even feel them. So the place had pretty poor circulation and stuffy. I'd hate to see what it's like during an actual summer temperature where it hits over 100 degrees. I had their tonkotsu ramen with corn -- definitely recommended. Their broth is rich and full of flavor. It is yummy. However, because of how rich and yummy the broth is, I don't suggest adding an egg to it. Because once you do, the egg loses its flavor and the broth overpowers it. So no point. I would've given this place five full stars if it were not for the waitress that helped us. Oh the service was fine throughout our meal. When we first took our orders down, she offered us, "Would you like everything on one check or split checks?" We were a party of 8. Obviously, some had cash and some didn't so we would prefer the latter. So we answered with, "Split checks would be nice :)" But then she responds with, "I could do that but could you please not do 8 separate checks? It's a little bit too much."I'M SORRY? Really, why did you even bother to offer? I didn't feel like arguing or bothering so we just went with one check. You don't offer something then take back your offer. Or at least lay your own terms down before you finish offering. Thank you. But hey. Food's good. :) Just that tiny bit irked me.
5	best ramen in Vegas hands down. Tried their fusion of tonkatsu and shoyu ramen. Great broth, but wasn't a big fan of the thinner noodles, but they were very good. my friend got the shoyu one.. wished I had gotten that one. I like the fact is that they designed it to make you feel like you are in one of those hole in the wall ramen shops in Japan. Great experience and good food.
5	Ordered a miso ramen with the boiled egg and it was excellent .The broth was done very well the egg tasted like butter don't know how they did it but it was great!!The two pieces of chashu was not dry but tender and had a layer of BBQ 'd jellied fat around it. Two pieces were enough. Service was attentiveI will be back when I visit Vegas
5	I am going to jump on the bandwagon and say that ramen here is pretty great. It is a tiny place and there is generally a 15-20 minute wait. The staff is nice enough and the service is fine when it comes to refills or getting extra noodles for your broth. No one is overbearing, but they don't snub you either -- just right.As far as the ramen, I had Tonkotsu-Shoyu with chashu, nori and shredded green onions. The broth was perfect and the chashu was tender with the right amount of fat. Ramen is considered to be Japan's ultimate comfort food, and I can see why.
5	The best Ramen PERIOD. Beats L.A.'s Santouka & Daikokuya. Tonkotsu Ramen was excellent with creamy broth and melt in your mouth chashu.  Kimchi fried rice was nothing special and gyoza was mediocre, in fact, a bit burnt.  Only a ~20 persons capacity, so think twice before bringing your party of 10+.  Servers were attentive.  Well worth the wait.
4	A very simple and finely tuned establishment, I wish there was one like it at home.   The place is small and the service peeps very cheerfully chipper that it seems like something that came out of a Japanese Sailor Moon anime....can't complain, I love this atmosphere.I ordered the Tontkotso/Miso broth with my ramen, the pork and noodles all complement the spices to expose umami flavor that is a joy for your tastebuds.  If you're ever in Las Vegas, you owe it to yourself to visit Chinatown and pay Monto Ramen a visit.
2	After night one, we needed soup to help nurse our hangovers.  My friend turned to Yelp and found that Monta had a bunch of reviews and was overall rated four stars.  After dining at Monta and though the price is right, my conclusion is either Vegas lacks great ramen spots or Vegas Yelpers have low expectations for ramen...or maybe even both...WAIT:Our party of seven arrived a bit after 1pm on a Friday afternoon.  Monta isn't a big place.  They accommodate approximately about 10 people at the bar and another 20-25 seated.  We waited about 30 minutes for a table which in the end, our party of seven had to split into two separate groups to be seated.FOOD:*Tonkatsu Ramen ($6.95) - Though the broth was tasty and hearty, the noodles totally failed.  The noodles were different from what I am use to and I wasn't a fan of the thin, vermicelli like noodles which made the broth taste starchy the longer they sat there.  Toppings on the noodles were two pieces of chasui, bamboo shoots, green onions, and kikurage mushrooms.  One of our friends ordered the miso ramen and it came with noodles we were more accustomed to.*Pork Belly Bowl ($3.95 small/$5.75 large) - Delicious!  We ordered a large bowl and shared it with the table.  A generous amount of tasty pork belly is shredded over rice and topped with chopped green onions.SERVICE:Typical Asian restaurant as you basically order, get your food, and get the bill.  Food took about 15 minutes or so to come out.PARKING:Private lot
5	We stepped out of our comfort zone....  it was a very busy, hole in the wall restaurant.  Great food, great service!
4	Delicious, great place to go if your a noodle lover. Although the location is very small, so most likely your going to be waiting. Better bring a cold bottle of water to keep you cool not much waiting room inside. My wife suggest adding the boiled egg and two extra slices of chashu to any bowl. My favorite is the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen it's delicious with a couple of teaspoons of soy sauce, vinegar and the red powder stuff. The place is pretty clean and so is the bathroom. Definitely will go back.
5	For Las Vegas, Monta is pretty much as good as it gets.The food is good, prices are fair and it gives a somewhat authentic feeling by being in a tiny noodle shop that can only seat about 25 - 30 people.The only down side is the wait time to get in since the place is so popular. But at least you know the stock is fresh since the turnaround is so high.
2	Went right after visiting the Grand Canyon. I was sun burnt and sweaty, i needed some comfort food. mmm... Ramen. I gave this place two stars because I had better, way better ramen in New York. Also the service was not all that. We stood at the entrance for a while then realize there was a book to put your name down. You would think the waitress that kept passing by would clue us in, Sheesh, i been to shittier ramen places service was never this bad. That made my experience there so much worst. Japanese people are usually so straightforward what is with this guessing game? The ramen is nothing to brag about, the broth is the same salty mess i complain about in most ramen places. One thing thats good though i have to say was their fried rice. That was delish. Yes go to a ramen place and get the fried rice.
5	This place is a little hole in the wall.  It's difficult to find, but well worth the effort!  We arrived a little after 6pm lucky enough to score seats; people behind us had to wait. There are only about 22 seats in the tiny place, but they're constantly full and rotate new people/groups.  Why?  Because the food is delicious!  I grew up in Japan and the ramen here is just the same, so authentic!  Fast & friendly service!P.S.  There's a restaurant in the same complex called "Big Wong" that serves ramen also.  I thought Monta had changed their name and we were about to go there.  But look a little bit harder.....it's small and the sign actually says "Monta."
5	No other place serves better ramen in Las Vegas.  This isn't debatable.  Sometimes it may be a bit salty or whatnot, but I guarantee you, the other Japanese restaurants in the Chinatown area can never compare to their ramen.  Unless you've found a smaller, hole-in-the-wall place (doubt that's possible, considering how small this place is), then let me know.Great ramen.  Great for the price, but it's $10 for the ramen plus a couple ingredients.  The service is ALWAYS fast.  I mean, how hard is it with less than 20 seats?  If something concerns you, the server is no more than 10 feet away- call for them when they pass by.There are several kinds of soup base you can pick from- each explaining in good detail what they taste like.  They are never watery- very flavorful, and each side dish they give you to put into your soup is always fresh.  The ramen doesn't taste like cup noodle.Someone earlier said that it's a typical, small Asian restaurant- get your food, eat, get the bill, get out.Ok, that's true.  So what, you're going to knock them down a star for them not having a heart to heart connection with you and not letting you tell them your whole life story?  Please.  Good food, some waiting, good service, cozy interior.. nothing to complain about.
3	We had the tonkotsu ramen with kaedama and a sm pork belly bowl for 15.- noodles too mushy. not much meat or broth. broth needs to be a bit spicier. extra for green onions? too much hype for something not comparable to shin-sen-gumi. - pork belly had more fat than meat. but in defense, pork belly is pretty much fat.... - friendly service. but no yelling japanese phrases when coming in?! i thought this is a ramen house!? lol- overall pleasant, but eh.
1	I would suppose they are good at what they do, but I find it to be bland. I did not care for it at all, I also did not like the flavor of the noodles. The tea was good though.
4	The gyoza and fried rice at this place is killer. The miso ramen a little salty for my liking and the noodles a little too soft. Besides that excellent ramen.  The service sometimes isnt that great, but its understandable because they are usually pretty busy
4	Ode to Monta's Pork Belly Bowlcue violinHey, I just ate you, and this is crazy... but here's my hunger , so feed me maybe?   All of the ramen bowls, try to tempt me, but here's my chopsticks, so feed me maybe?  Yeah this will probably be out of date by the time I hit submit review, but I'll deal with it.   I've been to Monta several times since it opened, and the first 8 or 9 times I stuck with getting various ramen.  Of those my favorite quickly became the Tonkotsu as I really enjoyed the creaminess of it.  I did like the other two as well, but always found myself going back to Tonkotsu.  As a quick aside, I actually found the Tonkotsu-Shoyu to be my least favorite.  The pork was always tender and tasty, and I would almost always get an egg added and I tried most of the other additions as well.   I personally didn't find many of them to be worth the extra cost to add, though I did like the Mustard Leaf on occasion.  For an appetizer I had the Gyoza a few times and found them to be very good examples, but not extraordinary at the same time.   Then one day I decided to split a pork belly bowl with a friend as an appetizer.  Game change.   It's seriously all I think about when I think of Monta now.  As much as I enjoyed the Ramen whenever I'd had it, it took a backseat to this dish in my heart and stomach.  Currently saving up for an engagement ring.  Pork Belly Bowl will make a lovely bride.Service is always friendly if a little rushed, and I always thought the overall price was decent.Still need to try Anime and Sora so no comparison on Ramens unfortunately, but unless they have Pork Belly Bowl on their menu, it might not matter.
4	The tonkotsu-shoryu ramen with green onion, corn & chashu works wonders.The soup was just a tad bit salty for my liking, but the meal & service made up for the tiny flaw.  Good food & service for around $10 is definitely a Winner-Winner, Monta Ramen Dinner!
5	Can you believe it? This was my first Tonkotsu ramen EVER. I cannot believe I missed out on this delicious food all these years. Since I don't have anything to compare it with, I cannot really write a review about the authenticity of this dish. All I can say is that the broth was very flavorful and delicious and I definitely have to expand my ramen experience now that I know how much I like it. I loved how this place was smaller, with a small menu, but very clean and comfortable - exactly my kind of place! Also, the servers were very friendly and helped us with the menu.I'm very glad I had a great first ramen experience. This makes me want to go back and see how I feel about it the second time. I'm excited, already!
5	YUM!!!I go here about once a week mainly Saturdays around 1pm.  The tonkotsu-shoyu is my favorite broth, the noodles (always cooked exactly one minute by Yoshi) are perfect.  Add to it nitamago and corn for a very Hokkidoesc ramen. The service is great and prompt.  Order the gyoza and fried rice and you can feed two people for under $25.
5	Been eating here regularly since they first opened. By far, the best ramen in Vegas. Maybe best shoyu ramen on the west coast (believe me, I've eaten a lot of ramen up and down the west coast).  Love the atmosphere... Very traditional ramenya... Small cozy seating area, bar counter searing, usual garnishes.  It's how it's suppose to be.And yes, the waitresses really are and speak Japanese (unlike most "Japanese" places in Vegas).  4.5-stars but I guess I have to round up.
5	Amazing ramen.  The broth was just an umame explosion.  Buttery, porky, hints of sesame oil.  The egg was perfect.  The pork was perfect.  The ramen itself was only ok but the broth is what the dish is all about.
3	i had the tonkatsu ramen. it was good. the place was small, and the broth was too salty for my taste. but everything else (in the bowl) was yummy!
5	Love the Ramen and Pork Belly at Monta. Great little place but don't be surprised if you have to wait to get a table. Yes its that good.
3	This could be the "best" ramen in Vegas but it certainly is not the "best" ramen I've ever had. The bowls are small, cheap, and filling. Tonkotsu Ramen came with two slices of chashu pork. The broth was light and subtle. It wasn't as thick and flavorful as I wanted. The chashu pieces were thin and flimsy. They weren't intact and was cut up. Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen was OK, too. Between the two, I prefer the tonkotsu broth. Big or small, I always finish my entire bowl because I hate to waste the delicious broth but it just wasn't good for me to finish it here. Lots of parking in the lot. There will most likely be a wait because it's a small restaurant. Hella cheap.
4	So what happens when it's 105 degrees outside and you're hungry? You get a hot bowl of ramen, of course! I spent 3 days in Vegas eating all kinds of overpriced food, but none of it was as good as the fairly priced bowl of ramen at Monta Ramen. I really enjoyed everything about it! The noodles, the broth, the chashu... all good! I would have liked if they had a bit more air conditioning and a bit more space, but that won't stop me from coming back the next time I am in town!
3	I've been here about a handful of times and I normally space out my visits with a few months in between because I always feel like that's all my heart and arteries can handle.I normally get the Tonkostu Ramen, and for me, it's a pretty good sized portion. It's more than enough to fill me up, and I've never been able to finish the whole bowl. The noodles compliment the soup well, and the soup itself is very good. Now here's why I can only eat this stuff once every four months. The soup is practically like drinking pork fat and salt. It's creamy and somewhat on the thick side (for me) and there's a point where I have to stop myself because I can feel my heart slowing!It's a small place so you might end up waiting about 10-15 minutes for a table but I think it's worth it. You walk in, eat, and walk out. Exactly how it should be. They have a small menu so you don't have to worry about getting lost in all the options. But since the place is so small you might end up rubbing elbows with the person next to you (not really my thing). If you're looking for something new or just looking for an excuse to have one last fat-filled meal before an all fruit and veggie juice diet (because that's how I feel walking, or rather waddling out lol), then you should definitely plop on over to this place!
4	Great Ramen and perfect food to warm you up ! Tonkatsu and shoyu are tasty !
5	I miss living in Japan, and Monta takes me back. They have their own unique broths they have created for their ramen dishes, and each one of them is absolutely amazing. The side dishes like gyoza (pot stickers), special fried rice, and kimuhi (Japanese kimchi) are all amazing on their own as well. You can also get delicious Japanese imported draft beer at a great price. I am absolutely addicted to this place. Fun atmosphere, amazing food, and delicious beer. If you've been eating Cup Noodle your whole life... please... please go discover what real ramen was meant to taste like. Monta is where it's at.
5	My favorite Ramen Noodle place....well my 2nd one I ever been too and it is worth the wait. It's so dam small so be prepared to wait 30 min or more. Even out in the dessert heat. The soup broth is perfect...no to fatty and the ramen noodle is cooked perfect. Add Kim Chi and bam! cure for hangover or whatever.....
4	One of my favorite places to eat! I'd never turn down and invite to eat here. Their spicy powder really does it for me cause I'm a fan of spicy! The only downside is there's not many places to sit so you have to wait awhile to be seated sometimes. Also wish they would get rid of the $10 minimum card charge. Sometimes I just don't have cash and don't want to have to order extra stuff just to meet it. Other than that I will forever be coming here!
4	Probably the best Ramen in Vegas, i got the tonkotsu Ramen and it was great, can't wait to try the rest of them. But the fried rice was the worst i ever had, then again why come to a Japanese Ramen house and order fried rice right. I will be back to try the rest of the ramen and the pork belly bowl.
5	Delicious!! Never been here before today and the service was fast and great! The soup was so tasty and to my surprise I came out feeling full and satisfied after having a bowl of soup. Definitely recommend to all my friends!
4	Great little and I do mean tiny restaurant. We had shoyu ramen bowls and it was delicious.  In and out in 30 min, but don't be surprised if you have to wait for a seat.  Place sits about 30. We will be back!
4	Good.  Cheap.   Super small.  Reminds you of a side street big city diner.  Great character.  Limited menu but you go for one thing----great ramen.
5	You can tell food is good when people are willing to stand in line (which is often out the door) to wait through our blistering summers and biting winters.  Luckily, service and cook time are quick, so I have never had to wait more than fifteen minutes or so for a table or spot even when it's crowded.  Monta is a small, hole in the wall ramen place.  There are three kinds of seating: booth, table and bar stools.  If you're eating solo or you have a small party, you'll probably get seated more quickly because the individual bar stools will open up.  Additionally, so they can keep the flow going and keep wait times down, you'll have to sign in on a sheet, and they won't seat you until your entire party is present.  From the bar, you can see the crew in the kitchen cooking the meals.On to the food.  I normally order the Tonkot-Shoyu (mixed broth of the Tonkotsu and Shoyu) with corn and nori (dried seaweed), and add in some chili oil and spices from the table set.  The soup itself comes with chashu pork, bamboo shoots, kikarage (black mushrooms) and green onion.  I've tried ramen at two other locations (one in the Galleria mall in Henderson, and the other was Anime Ramen) and this is definitely my favorite spot to go.  The noodles have just the right amount of chewiness, the broth is flavorful but not overpowering, and the chashu is tender, melt in your mouth goodness.  I have also tried the pork belly bowl and gyoza, and both are pretty good.  I wish they had a different sauce for the gyoza, but soy sauce mixed with vinegar and a little chili oil works just fine.  I've only discovered this place in the last year, but I can honestly say it's become one of my go-to restaurants and it's definitely a comfort food.  Prices are more expensive than your fifty cent package of Top Ramen, but it's still cheap for a restaurant at under ten dollars an entree.  My only bone to pick is that their green tea is only chilled and it comes in a can, though as far as canned green tea goes, it's not bad.
4	I can't believe I've waited this long....simple, hearty, delicious.  This place is a winner.
4	Nom Nom. I heart ramen. I was a little nervous about a salt OD after reading the other reviews so I decided to go with the shoyu broth (chicken broth). It wasn't quite as rich or flavorful as pork broth, but I was pleased to note that salt was kept to a minimum without compromising flavor (I also begged them to lighten up on the salt). I love ramen as a meal. Its cheap, fast,  and totally filling, not to mention tasty. We split a gyoza app, which was super greasy. Would probably skip that one. My husband felt like the 105 heat was too much for warm soup, so he opted for cold ramen noodles in a sesame dressing, which I also thought was absolutely delic. The menu is pretty limited so be prepared to eat ramen. So excited to find a good ramen place in Vegas. Skip the overpriced strip eateries and head to Chinatown for yummy, reasonably priced food.
5	I LOVE ramen and my son is a ramen snob!!Tonkotsu (pork bone) ramen & kim Chee fried rice. Add egg please. Yum!very small place..... mini......but very worth the wait!!
5	I'll be honest - this was my first time ever having REAL ramen.  And, now my standards are very high.  The Tonkatsu broth was nothing less than a creamy cloud of comfort!!  The place reminds me of the tiny restaurants in Japan too.  Even with a line outside and the heat, I would happily wait for another bowl.
4	Google maps will lead you past this tiny restaurant if you're heading West on Spring Mountain Road. The icon will show that you need to pass Hauck street. Don't make that mistake, Monta Ramen is actually in the plaza before that street. Google map takes you to this empty plaza with nothing but a sleazy looking massage parlor. Hmmm....? This small hole in the wall restaurant interior reminds me of Daikokuya Jtown LA but even smaller! They had an L shaped bar which probably sits 10-12 people max. There were about 5-6 regular tables, some made for two people & some made for four. What happens in a place like this? A number of overflowing people waiting out the door. I recommend you coming early or during non-peaked hours. We got lucky because there was only one party ahead of us when we got in but that quickly changed. By the time we got out, there were at least 10 parties on that waiting list.First thing I noticed was the array of condiments in front of us. Shredded pink ginger, purified garlic, white pepper, Japanese chili powder, SPICY a$$ hot chili oil, vinegar, soy sauce just to name a few. Love restaurants that aren't all hipster tight up the butt about their condiments.Had the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen, a mixed blend of pork bone and soy sauce type soup based. The first one I've ever had actually since I'm typically accustomed to just Tonkotsu base. It was a little less rich and thick then the Tonkotsu base but still had that cloudy and strong taste. I added an egg and kimchi for a little more. For you carb lovers, you can add extra noodles for a minimal fee. I was quite satisfied with my ramen. My expectations were met even though they weren't that high since we were in Vegas and we know LA is crawling with bomb ramen houses. The chashu pork was quite fatty and the slices were on a smaller scale. The bowl of ramen itself was enough to make you full but not overly stuffed.Also ordered the mini mentaiko bowl - cod fish row, seaweed, green onion, over rice. Nothing significant to report. The fried gyozas (pork and vegetable filling) were decent.The ramen is nothing to die for but it really wasn't too bad. If you have a mad craving for ramen or just want to get something other than pho on Spring Mountain Road aka Chinatown, then Monta Ramen is there for you. Just be ready for a wait time. The ramen met my simple standards and the price was very affordable. The hard working staff are efficient and all "peace sign" fobby smiles.
5	Best hang over food. I would always come here when i'm about to leave Vegas. This place is small, but i'm not complaining. I remember I came here 15 minutes before it open and when they opened their door I saw people sprinting out of their cars trying to get a seat. When you see people do that, you know it's legit. They have multiple soup base and different add-ons. So it's line a customizable ramen shop. Build-a-ramen. The noodles are cooked well, they aren't bloated, the base is very flavorful, and the meat literally melts in your mouth. Service here is beyond excellent. This place is my absolute favorite ramen joint ... Ever...
4	Next to my favorite Japanese restaurant (Raku) lies Monta, the best Japanese ramen house I've been to so far.It's a small and busy restaurant, and I recommend that you time yourself wisely...otherwise, you'll be stuck waiting outside under the Las Vegas sun. The wait was over and my cousins and I were finally able to sit in the well air conditioned room. Let the ramen begin.I ordered their special- cold noodle with the mushroom, tomatoes, pork. The words 'cold' and 'noodle' shouldn't be in the same sentence, I know...but this is different. It was a refreshing blend of meats and veggies for the hot weather.My cousins ordered the pork belly bowl, which is served with rice. To attempt..to even try to get close on its description..it's like Yoshinoya but 100 times better!The other cousin got the miso based soup with an additional corn. It's so creamy and filled with flavor. I rarely head to the strip for food, instead take on adventures to find the best Asian places here in the desert. 4 stars for their awesome food. But if I could, I'll give them a 3 for the seating capacity. I just don't like waiting.
5	Man, how come I couldn't make my Top Ramen this good?1 star = for their broth.  It's creamy, extremely flavorful, and salty; just the way I like it!2 stars = for their melt in your mouth pork.  The portion is actually really filling!3 stars = for the corn add in. Like why does it taste so good? Maybe they bathed it in butter prior to adding it in your Ramen. lol.4 stars = the egg add in.  These eggs are bomb dot com!  Great addition to any ramen on their menu!5 stars = portions are huge!I also tried their regular fried rice and wasn't too impressed.  But their Ramen is yum!
5	Best ramen house in Vegas...takes me away from Pho!!
5	Wow Wow Wow. I have tried a few authentic places for Ramen before, but this place takes the cake :)I had the Tonkotsu Ramen (which is pork for us Gaijins) and it was very tasty! The best part is that the broth wasn't overly salty, as most places that I have tried. The broth was delicious and the meat itself was very tender! I would definitely go here weekly if I lived close by. Prices are good too. The space is a bit small and we did have a little wait before we were seated. This place gets busy! Don't worry though, because it's worth it!I also heard that the Shoyo Ramen is very good as well!I rarely give 5's. And the funny thing is that I had to get dragged to go here. Go figure. Apparently, this place has won a lot of awards in several big local magazines (how we found out about it, lol)  :)
5	I was boasting to my CSN students about a must try Raku, they said try Monta next door... and I say thank you very kindly! Prior to ordering while looking at the other tables fragrant dishes/bowls of fare, I'm thinking no way, to much food for me. BUT the deliciously flavored giant bowl Ramen & large dish of pork fried rice seemed to evaporate in to thin air. Lucky for me the portions weren't twice as big, or my next review would be on a Jenny Craig location or two.
5	I've looked far and wide for a good Ramen shop that would satisfy my appetite for real Japanese style Ramen.  Oh how I've shed many tears over the prepackaged Ramen that I was forced to eat, because I just couldn't get the real deal.  Well my days of sadness are over since Monta Ramen has come into my life.  Now the world is good again....  I usually go for the the tonkotsu Ramen, but have been known to dip my chopsticks into the tonkotsu-shoyu broth as well.  Both flavors are deep and rich, and each has a creamy texture that can only come from long, slow simmering.  The main difference between these two types of broths comes in the form of a lil more salty punch that the tonkotsu-shoyu has.  The noodles are firm (but not too firm) and thin and have a great mellow flavor that balances out the saltiness of the broths.  On their menu it states that you can get an extra helping of these noodles for a very small fee.  I've tried to finish an extra helping of the noodles twice, and have failed both times.  It is a really huge a portion of food, and in my version of man vs. food, food most defiantly won.  Along with the noodles you get a selection of side items you can add to your Ramen.   I would recommend adding the egg and corn they taste great in the Ramen, and turn it into a really substantial meal.   The last thing I'm going to say about this great Las Vegas Ramen shop is that the staff is, and has always been friendly and attentive (I never go more two minutes without having my water glass filled).
5	This is one of My Favorite Restaurants.  It is always a good place to have lunch.  There Fried Rice is Probably the best I have ever had.  All of the Ramen is Flavorful and has a ton of stuff to add to them.  Pink pickled ginger is amazing and makes all the food taste better.  One Bad thing its small so don't mind waiting
5	Delicious ramen!! The noodles are the perfect texture and the broth is rich and creamy!
4	Every time I hear MONTA, my mouth starts watering, my heart starts beating faster and I suddenly need to get that delicious miso broth in my mouth, a nitamago and some chasu pork. OH YEAH. Monta is simply delicious. Sadly it is very small and sometimes the wait time can be a little long and frustrating , specially when you are super hungry and that big o window lets u see people eating their awesome noodlesNow, let me say , that Ive tried ramen in various places and I keep coming back to monta. Their freshly made Gyoza and their pork belly bowl are amazing as well.A must try if you are in vegas
3	Well, this place is small but boy are there alot of people waiting to eat. This is my first time here and I thought their soups were good but too thick and rich for my taste, mainly its due to the butter they put in the broth. For me, I would definitely go back for the fried rice, wow!!! Was that one of the best fried rice I ever tasted. I definitely recommend it!!!
3	Authentic ramen. Soup is good too. Meat and toppings are so so. My favorite dish at Monta is actually their Takana Fried Rice!! It's pretty unique. A bit spicy but not too spicy. I'd not drive out of the strip to come here unless I'm really craving for ramen... they usually have a wait.
2	Tokatsu Ramen - It was ok for me, but my friend found the noodles inedible and way too soft. The soup was good but nothing special.Pork Belly Rice - So so. It was edible but again nothing special.I don't understand the high ratings for this place.. Yelp has let me down!
4	We love us some good ramen and Monta Ramen was that!  A couple of weeks ago we spent the weekend out in Vegas and this was our top destination :)We ordered the tradition tonkotsu ramen ($6.95) as well as the tonkotsu-shoyu ramen ($6.95).  Both were good but the tradition tonkotsu was what really caught our attention. The broth was really good. Smooth, creamy and a tad salty.  The noodles were perfectly cooked and tasted great.The meat was also above average. Tender with a good amount of fat.  We also added an egg to our bowls and we were so glad we did. It was cooked correctly with the right amount of creaminess to it.It's the best ramen we've had since our trip back from japan.In addition to the ramen bowls, we ordered a mini pork belly bowl which was good enough to steal our attention from the ramen. The pork belly was thinly cut, which makes it a lot easier to eat with the rice. It's a great side to order if you visit.As for the staff they were friendly, maybe a little bit overwhelmed. The cook didn't look happy at all for some reason but he was still churning out some great food so we can't complain!Overall we would recommend trying this place out. Even in 110 degree weather, it's was oishii! (delicious in japanese)
2	Small place and long wait.  salty ramen, we tried each of the three broths. Nothing spectacular but my first ramen place in Vegas. Have had much better in Bay Area, LA & Chicago.
2	Was great the first time I went, but this last time was not ass good.  The tonkotsu ramen broth was so thick that it felt like I was eating a bowl of ramen with gravy...
5	When I was visiting my brother and his GF in Vegas, they took me here for dinner one night. I was surprised to see that this cozy ramen shop was next to another favorite Japanese place - Raku. What most people don't know is that you can find some of the best (and cheaper) eats off the strip when you're visiting Sin City.There was a bit of a wait (15-20 mins) seeing that the place is pretty tiny but it was worth it.I loved the Tonkotsu Ramen and the Fried Rice that I ordered and shared with my 1.5 year old. The pork broth was delicious and rich as one would hope for in a mom and pop style kind of place. The meat was tender enough to give to my son who loves pork. The Fried Rice wasn't overwhelmed with 100 ingredients like some places but it was so flavorful. I tried to hold back and not pig out but it's really hard when the food is so good!I will definitely be stopping by Monta Ramen again on my next trip to Vegas!
3	Everyone around me loves Monta but believe it or not the first time I tried it was just a few months ago. It was quite a bit of an acquired taste to me. When I first tried it I got a tonkatsu ramen and I hated it! It was too rich and too porky for me and I found myself wanting pho instead HAHA but oddly enough I started craving it a couple weeks after! Now I get the tonkatsu-shoyu with all the fixings except the greens with a side of kimchi! I always find myself thinking the noodle to soup ratio is off, I need more soup!!!! I always make sure to get the thinner noodles because they taste better! Sometimes the broth is way too salty and sometimes I leave feeling like I just drank a bunch of pork fat but I keep going back, it's strangely addicting LOL The gyoza and kimchi fried rice are good but nothing too special~ The negative is that It's a really small restaurant and their AC is not the best. There's most likely always a wait. So in order to keep the flow going please be courteous and eat your ramen and leave! This is not a place to lolly-gag after you're done eating, quickly give up your table to the next hungry group or suffer the consequence of angry looks!!!!! LOL Hot Tip: If you don't want to wait go at really odd times like 3:00-5:00; there's usually never a wait~
5	Now, when you try try their noodles and broth, you won't mind waiting for a table. The first time I visited this place, I was aggravated by the wait and lack of tables, BUT after eating their miso with noodles, I understood why it was worth the wait. I have to stay away from that neighborhood because immediately I crave their noodles when I'm in the area. Addictive food, I must say!! Love i!!
5	Monta is fantastic...a fantastic real Japanese Ramen house hidden in the middle of LV. Everything here is authentic, tasty, cheap, fun and fantastic. If you are looking for a small, real Japanese noodle house in LV, this is the place. enjoy!
4	As an avid lover of all Asian styles of food I was excited to finally try Monta Ramen since I had heard good things. At first glance it looked like this little noodle shop was going to have a very long wait. However, we did not have to wait too long even with people waiting outside. There are not many seats, but this is not really the place to linger for long. Most people seem to leave fairly quickly once they are done. My friend and I sat at the counter and had fun watching the bustling kitchen while we waited for our ramen. The seating may feel cramped for some people, but I really liked the busy, controlled chaos feel of it. On to the good stuff. I ordered the Tonkotsu-Shoyu ramen with the regular house fixings and my friend had the Shoyu ramen with thin noodles. I was instantly impressed with my choice as soon as I tried it. The broth was slightly creamy and full of flavor, the thin noodles cooked to the perfect point so they were not mushy at all. I found the soup very flavorful, but I had to add a liberal amount of chili oil since I like my ramen spicy. The Shoyu ramen was also very tasty, the clear beef broth had just as deep a flavor as my selection. We both had a can of green tea to drink, which was a refreshing counter to my spicy soup. My only gripe was the fact that I was not completely full when I left, which is mostly my own fault. They offer the option of extra noodles, which I will surely do next time. The gyoza and fried rice are also on the list to try in the future. Another great aspect is the price. The total bill for two bowls of ramen and two drinks was $18 and change. A great deal for any sit down place. Bottom line is that this place is a great option for a fun, cheap meal. I will definitely be going back.
4	I've been searching for a good bowl of ramen in this town and I finally found it! Thanks to my friend's recommendation, as well as the rainy weather, we ended up at Monta Ramen last night. I ordered the Shoyu ramen with thin noodles and the regular toppings. I was very impressed! The broth was flavorful and the noodles were cooked to perfection. I LOVE spicy food, so I poured on the chili oil. I also added sesame seeds as well as chili powder. It was perfect! My friend and I sat at the bar and got to watch a lovely lady prepare our ramen. The restaurant is small and very busy, so prepare for that. We waited a little bit for a seat, but it was well worth the wait. Once we were seated, we were enjoying our ramen within 10 minutes of ordering it. I will definitely be frequenting Monta for my ramen fix!
2	I'm not a big fan of ramen and this place didn't help change my opinion about it.. Monta is a tiny restaurant tucked in a strip mall that seats about 25-30 people.. They serve ramen with a choice between 4 different broths and every bowl comes with char-su, mushroom, and green onion.. There are other options that you can add to your noodles for an additional cost too.. The broth was thick and a yellow-milky color which wasn't the best for drinking and the noodles didn't have any distinction that would make them "the best" ramen.. We also tried their regular fried rice and that was probably the only thing everyone enjoyed and would come back for again.. But as for the ramen I think I'll pass!
3	I've been spoiled with really good ramen in the South Bay, and I was super excited to see this place get so many reviews. I had to come here twice, because the first time was so packed that I didn't have the patience to wait nor did I like waiting outside in 102 degree weather. So we came back the next day (15 min earlier) to avoid the line, and got seated right away. It's definitely average price for the bowl of noodles you get. I prefer a more favorable soup base and the noodles weren't freshly made, it's packaged noodles. Overall, I might come here again when it's winter, but I cannot do hot noodle soup during a summer day.
4	The ramen and the fried rise are amazing the only bad thing is the service was rude
4	I'm not a very big fan of soup especially when it's already super hot outside in Vegas but my friend insisted I try this place. Monta is really small I had a hard time trying to find it in the beginning. They're really quick on service that we were out there in less than 30 mins. Their ramen was really good however, I just wish it came with more meat since I'm such a carnivore. I'll definitely make sure to come here more often, most likely when the weather has cooled down though! Lol
4	We came here in the dead of summer last July for lunch and I'm happy to report that Monta serves up some pretty tasty ramen. A lot of the reviews warned against a queue but we were seated immediately and our food came just as quickly.  I quite enjoyed the tonkotsu ramen. The portions are on the smaller side and the broth was full of flavour but a wee bit too salty. I'll definitely be back here again!
5	Seriously, Im getting addicted to this place. Noodles are perfect, broth is always creamy and perfectly seasoned, sides are delicious. Service is quick and friendly. What more can I ask!!??So far my favorite is Miso Ramen with Nitamago and Nori. Last time, I ordered the  Mini Mentaiko (with spicy cod row) and was blown away by how great everything tasted. One of the best meals under $10 in a city of great restaurants.
4	YUM!! Absolutely delicious. Very simple menu at an affordable price. The only downfall is the size, there are only 8 tables and it is about 99 degrees in there. So be prepared to sweat a little bit.
2	YUCK!!!  Is ramen soup supposed to tast like greasy salt water???  The restaurant itself  was fine.  We got seated right away, the beer, dumplings and service were all very good (hence my 2 stars).  But the soup was digusting!  It did look pretty though.  We wanted to try this place becasue we had seen it on TV and read about it in a Vegas food book.  We were fooled.
4	I am definitely a huge fan of this place! The ramen is amazing! I actually love everything on this menu! Just wish they have bigger parking lot! Or at least at a better location!
5	Great soup bases. It's a pleasant surprise that Vegas offers an authentic ramen place like this (in fact, this is not the only one). The basic bowl is not expensive, but it's easy to add additional options thinking they are cheap, but they add up; so be careful! The place is small, not recommend for a party large than four.
5	I don't have a lot of Ramen expertise but this place far exceeded my expectations, which were high before I walked through the door. An outstanding meal for right around $10.
5	Monta is amazing. Not only are the noodles killer but I love the idea of a tiny little restaurant that really only does a handful of items. You won't find desserts or even much for appetizers here. But what they do they do to perfection. Every couple of weeks I NEED my miso ramen fix. I plan on moving next year and I know Monta is one place I will miss.
2	Service here has improved.  Maybe I am used to eating Ramen in California.  Maybe it's because the water sucks here in Vegas and they don't filter the water.  Really can't get over the fact that the broth is so dark and salty every time I eat here.  I really don't get that soulful feeling that I get when eating really great ramen.  I would rate it as decent, but needs vast improvement.  I know we are all about the money, but improve what you do before you open another location.  BTW this is not Hakata style Ramen.  I have had ramen all over Hakata and Tenjin.  Monta's is a version of tonkontsu style that comes from Fukuoka.
3	The ramen scene here in the valley is mediocre at best. I guess I'm a bit spoiled by the quality ramen establishments in Hawaii like Nakamura Ramen and Orenchi in Santa Clara, Ca. For Las Vegas, I believe Monta is the best for here. I ordered the miso ramen and it was heavy and thick in consistency. The noodles were slightly over cooked. Despite this, I still believe its one of the better ramen establishments for Las Vegas
5	Monta Ramen: The 411 and maybe something different than the 559 other Monta reviews...Location: 1 block West of Decatur on Spring Mountain Road. It's tucked into the back of a small shopping center off the North side of Spring Mountain. Signage is minimal which means if you're not paying attention you will miss it.  Parking: Limited parking spaces if other businesses nearby are open. Can be tight to park if crowded. Monta is small. Square footage wise they've taken a small space and maximized every square foot of it. Don't be surprised if there's a wait that you have to stand outside as there's room for maybe 2-3 people inside the front door. Seating. They have a handful of tables and a counter with slightly uncomfortable stools you can sit on that looks into a fun to watch kitchen. If you are shy, claustrophobic, or don't like slurping noodles where anyone can watch this is not the place for you. Food: I walked in here skeptical. 559 Yelp reviews. Lots of heated discussions, controversy abounds about Monta. I came to try it, and I came in a bad mood to boot. I ordered Miso Ramen with extra slices of charziu. And I had an OMG moment here that left me with a smile from ear to ear and I left the bowl totally empty. I will say that Ramen Sora has better charziu, hands down. But the overall experience I had at Monta was superior in every other aspect.  Special Notes: Monta's Miso Ramen has a bit more oil in the broth. It's not an oil that ruins the taste, it seems to enhance it somewhat. But it's also a small problem if you're sitting at the counter slurping a bowl of ramen and you get some splash back that lands on your shirt. If you've got to go back to work after eating at the counter, having some Shout wipes on hand is essential. Overall Impression? I loved it. From the wide range of people I ate lunch beside to the overall awesomeness of the Miso Ramen to the friendly and fast staff, count me among those who understand why Monta inspires such a range of emotion. For me, this was an experience I won't soon forget, and I can't wait to go back and have more of it.
3	If I could rate each thing individually, I would.Food flavor and quality-always was and will be 5 star. It's incredible and I crave it. Wait time-average. 3.5 stars.Quantity of food-5 star. You get tons of food. I usually get two meals out of one order that I take to go.Parking-BLOWS. 1 star. Barely ever any room. You're better off parking on that side street.Atmosphere/building- 2 stars. Cramped, tiny. They really need to expand and fast.Service- 0 stars. I've only had to come in here once and I don't know if I'll be back based on this alone, no matter how damn good it is. We walk in to a cramped/stuffed area full of people waiting- a patron is nice enough to tell me I have to "sign my name on the pedestal". I said "I just want it to go" and she didn't say anything, just kind of awkwardly looked at me. I didn't sign it. All those people got seated. After waiting about 10 more min of not being acknowledged, a waitress finally asked if I was waiting for a party of people, I said no, I just want to order to go. She came back 5 min later with a menu. I told her I already know what I wanted-she was already at a table next to me saying "yes, they were first". I'm aware, hence the reason they're at a table. At that moment in time I was ready to explode "could someone just fvcking tell me what I'm supposed to do to order to go so I'm not standing here like an asssh*le??!?!?!"I was furious by the time I left. I couldn't be courteous anymore. If this is how noodle houses in Las Vegas go, they are all run sloppy and poorly organized, then white-girl-me can't deal with this, count me out. I sincerely hope other noodle-based places aren't like this, because now I really have motivation to try other ones.Perhaps to avoid confusion, I should take an asian friend with me to break the barrier a little? I heard once that it's because Monta waitresses don't understand English well-this does not excuse the poor execution of guest-ferrying and certainly doesn't welcome new people to the establishment.
5	Mmmm monta, i want to go to there. I always leave satisfied.  Most delicious pork ever.  Actually it's so rich that I don't usually order extras, 2 pieces is enough for me.   Some reviewers have said that it's too salty and sometimes I agree, but then I just pour more water in it to balance it out.  My go-to ramen:  Miso ramen with shredded green onion, egg, and kimchee.
4	If you're craving for a steaming bowl of ramen, this place is IT! Now I only gave them 4 stars as I wish they would expand even just a tad. Seating is so tight but I guess it also adds to highlight of when your name is finally called and you sit on their wooden chairs and get served almost immediately. The menu consists of 4 simple but very different ramen bowls and a few add ons and very minimal side dishes. But so much easier to choose from.Love the Tonkatsu Shoyu ramen. I order mine with thick noodles instead which are seeped in pork AND chicken broth. DOUBLE the flavor. I make sure to always order extra chasyu (pork) although all ramen bowls come with 2 slices.Love the slurp of the noodles and melt in your mouth pork. Slices of mushroom are added as a garnish but even that helps enhance the flavor.  This is only my second time here but I enjoy it immensely and even more so that I got to share it with 9 of my other friends...at the same time! :)
5	I literally DREAM of the tonkatsu ramen with the garlic in it....We go to vegas every 2 months or so and have to come here EVERY TIME if not sometimes multiple times in the same weekend. it is just SO mindblowingly good. the noodles are homemade, the tonkatsu broth is ridiculous...I know there isnt that much more that i need to say with the other hundreds of reviews but I just dont want monta to lose anything being that its so famous and well known especially after its little Bon Appetit spread.... stay the way you are monta!!
3	It was actually the wrong time of year to fully enjoy Ramen.  It is always best on a cold night, not a hot dry one.  Oh well, the journey must continue.  Ordered the tonkatsu Ramen and takana fried rice.  Tonkatsu broth was flavorful but not as rich and creamy as I've had at other place's Hawaii.  Noodles appeared similar to somen noodles.  Char siu tasted good but was cut VERY thin.  Takana fried rice was better than than the plain fried rice.  I wish there was a more pronounced takana flavor and (remember my low salt diet) it was a bit salty.Overall a good experience, service was quick, food was good and of sufficient quantity, and prices were reasonable.  I would recommended going here, especially on a cold day/night.
5	Best Ramen in Vegas IMO. The tonkatsu shoyu is mine and my wife's go to move each time. It's hard to order anything else. The porkbelly is so delicious and tender. If i'm feeling saucy i'll go with the tonkatsu shoyu with egg and extra pork. POW. The porkbelly rice bowl is delicious and a good appetizer. Their fried rice choices are also very good.
5	Damn, the price here is so much less compared to NYC ramen joints. Broth is amazing, a bit salty but the noodles and pork are AMAZING. Went there TWICE during a 4 day stay in Vegas, so that basically tells you how much I love this place. Come early too because the door opens at 11:30am and it was a full house already.
4	Very tasty Broth. I had the thin noodles, but should've gotten the thick ones. Service was a bit rushed, but still ok. Overall, very decent Ramen.
2	My husband liked this place, & it wasn't for me.The restaurant was really tiny,  The service was fast & the food came out quickly, but the pork was really weird that came in the ramen. The noodles were good, & so was the fried rice. But the pork made me gag, and I normally like pork.Not what I was expecting. Neither of us would go back.
5	Wow!  Excellent!  Best ramen in Vegas.  Seating is limited and you should expect to wait.  Parking is not great, but we always find a spot.  If your ramen experience is limited to the Walmart variety, then do yourself a favor and try this place.  The broth is more than an over salted packet and the noodles seem fresh made.  My favorite is the Tonkotsu Bowl.  The kimchi fried rice was okay and the pork belly bowl is amazing.
4	Small restaurant in Chinatown. Waited for 10 minutes at 5pm Friday for a table. Good portion (not too big or small) for a decent price. All 4 ramen options are same price $6.95 with an extra serving of ramen noodles for $1.50. Broth is not as flavorful, but not as salty as other ramen places in Los Angeles. I didn't have to drink glasses of water afterwards. Egg was ok. I've had better. Pork was tender and yummy.
5	I"m half Japanese and lived in Japan for 18 years so I know what good ramen taste like. Monta's Ramen is Good. I also enjoy their Chaahan (Fried Rice), looks greasy but it's very good, the gyoza is good too. Heard they're opening a second store off Eastern/Serene next to the Japan Creek Store and it's going to be much bigger space. Only 5 mins from home, can't wait.
3	Everyone needs to be aware that this place is SMALL. I think even using the word small is inaccurate, but tiny. Absolutely no waiting area, so you have to wait inside, the place is crammed, and the parking lot itself isn't that big either. I had their miso ramen, which was yummy, but salty. The pork served in it....to die for! This place would be a lot better if they simply had more space! The good thing is that they are opening a new location next year in Green Valley! Yay.
4	Now that I've come here enough to practically remember the whole menu, I think it's ready for a review. When I found this place (through Yelp of course) I thought to myself, "Could it be? A true authentic ramen place that the city I originally resided in devastatingly lacked of? My own little NYC Momofuku only a 15 minute drive away?" OH, SWEET BABY JESUS IT COULD! Before making the trip to your next lunch or dinner date here, you should probably consider what day you're going and at what time. This place is SMALL, like 5 tables (2 4-tops, 3 2-tops) small with a couple seats at the bar, and it gets crazy packed! The first time I came here I literally drove by and was like, "awh hailll noo," and drove away. HOWEVER I will say that if there's just a couple of people before you, just be patient and wait. The tables turn over rather quickly.Which leads me to the menu. It's very simple and quick to prepare. If you're going with ramen, they have 4 different broth options: Shoyu (chicken), Tonkotsu (pork), Tonkotsu-shoyu (chicken & pork) and Miso. All are priced around 6.95 a bowl. Just forget the rest and go with the Tonkotsu-Shoyu. All ramens are prepared with two slices of pork, bamboo, and chopped green onion. Don't forget to add extra ingredients like an egg and mustard leaf! If you've never tried mustard leaf, it really compliments the broth and makes it extra delicious...order it on the side and try it out! Adding in the ingredients is what really gets the meal to be pricier than expected. Just 1 egg is an extra $1.75, but it's okay to indulge a little every now  and then, so just go all out with you bad ramen self! They have other items as well such as fried rice, small plates, and cold ramen! I still have yet to try them.. will do an update after my next visit! The only negative thing I'd have to say about the ramen is it can get pretty salty, of course you can mention to them less sodium, but I'm pretty sure all they're going to do is dilute it with hot water. To leave it on a positive note, aside from the saltiness the broth is PERFECTION. Extremely murky, so you know its packed with flavor and takes overnight cooking to prepare.
4	The restaurant is pretty small and they are almost always packed. So get there right when they open if you don't want to wait. If you like thin straight noodle, get their tonkotsu ramen. One of the best bowls of ramen you'll ever find anywhere especially in Vegas. Parking is pretty sparse so it can be a gamble finding a parking spot.
4	This was definitely a GREAT find!  If you like soup noodles, soups that takes hours to make, or melt in your mouth pork belly...then this is a must try. This place is very small with minimum seating area and a limited menu.  Their main focus is their ramen and pork belly bowl, so if you do decide to make the trip out from the Strip of Las Vegas (about a 10 min taxi ride), then you have to try their Ramen and Pork Belly Bowl.  Tip:  Anticipate a wait due to the limited seating area.  Fortunately, we were in luck...no wait!  SCORE!!!  The prices here are very reasonable for the portion and the flavor you receive.  You are definitely getting your money worth.We ordered the Tonkotsu Ramen and a small Pork Belly Bowl.The Pork Belly Bowl was a small size, but it was plenty for us since we totally devoured ourselves with tons of fantastic food on our trip to Vegas.  The bowl was pretty when it arrived!  The bowl was decorated with pickled ginger to cut the fattiness of the pork belly and an abundant amount of scallions to give the bowl a fresh green flavor.  Below the green and the red, was a pile of juicy, tender, and fatty pork belly gleaming at you. Then our star...Tonkotsu Ramen.  We added extra Chashu Pork, corn, butter, and EGG (this is a definite MUST add...super soft and melt in your mouth!) to our bowl of ramen.  I have to say, this was a delight to the eye.  The portion was a good size, about the equivalent of a large bowl of Pho.  The flavor of the soup was deep and meaty, the noodles had a good bite to it and every bite had the yummy soup flavoring (we saw them cook the noodles in the slow cooked broth), the pork was drool worthy, the crisp sweet corn added an additional tastiness to the bowl, and the black fungus and bamboos added earthiness.Overall a delicious experience...simple yet still makes us think about it all the time.  Of course not as good as the ramen you can get in Japan, but definitely pretty good for USA.  We would rate this place a 7 for flavor, price, and quality of ingredients.
4	I started with the gyoza which were tasty and had a nicely crispy thin skins.  Next came the tonkatsu-shoyu ramen which I enhanced with extra pork and an egg.  The pork is awesome and I could eat lots more of it.  This place is small but has a cool vibe.  The only problem is the lack of space.  It was a bit uncomfortable to have people waiting and hovering so close.
5	Absolutely amazing Ramen, best I've ever had!
4	Delicious fried rice. Quite possibly the best fried rice I've had here in Las Vegas. As for the ramen, we tried both the pork and chicken broth and while the chicken ramen was very tasty, the pork ramen was a bit too salty for our taste. Also, I don't think I'm a big fan of ramen noodle but I will absolutely come back here for the fried rice.
5	Small Ramen shop with a simple menu of a handful of ramens all for about $7 a bowl. The service was fast and the food was great. Good food at a great value just minutes away from the Vegas strip.
4	The place is really small, only has a few tables. but the open kitchen is given a big plus.$1.5 for extra noodles are perfect for noodle lovers. The only thing is the soups is a little bit salty.
4	Definitely yummy ramen and it comes out really fast, which is good because they only have 5 tables and maybe 10 seats at the bar, so they need to rotate people quickly. We went around 1pm on a Saturday and had to wait about 15 minutes for a seat. Ordered the Miso Ramen and the broth was really good, but a bit too salty for my taste, but still really good. The pork was really good, and the noodles were best towards the end of the meal because they had gotten softer after soaking in the juices. Initially they were more Al dente. Since this is my first visit to a ramen restaurant in las vegas, I'll probably try a different one the next time around so I have something to compare it to.
5	This is my favorite Ramen in town.I prefer the "Tonkotsu-Shoyu" mix over the other two separate and the miso.  So much flavor...I have no idea how they do it.I usually add in the egg and a little extra pork to go crazy, and this would be plenty for the avg joe to fill up on.Otherwise, I order the Kim Chi fried rice...amazing!  This is one of my favorite fried rice dishes of all time.  Very very good.  If I order this, I tend not to get the extras inside the ramen otherwise I will burst at the seams.Service is fast...this is a quick bite and go kind of place, so don't expect to stay and converse for an hour after dinner.  They don't rush you, but there are typically others waiting to eat, and the place is tiny, you will feel guilty staying much later than the meal lol.Do it!
4	I didn't realize how hard it would be to find a really good Ramen restaurant after moving out of Hawaii.  However, Monta comes close to filling the void.  Monta is a small Japanese noodle house in a strip mall in china town.  If you don't like waiting to sit down, get there early as the line usually begins to form before the restaurant opens at 11:30AM.  There are a few scattered tables, but I prefer to sit at the bar and watch the cooks prepare the dishes in the open kitchen.Monta makes Tonkotsu ($6.95), Shoyu ($6.95) and Miso ($7.25) Ramen broths.  While all three of the broths are very good, the milky white colored Tonkotsu (stewed pork bone broth) has an especially savory meaty flavor.  My favorite is the combination Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen ($6.95) which tempers the intense meaty taste of the Tonkotsu with the salty Shoyu broth.  The thin yellow Ramen noodles have always been consistently cooked to the just right texture, neither too limp nor too firm and underdone.  The ramen comes with basic toppings (green onions, bamboo shoots, Kikurage mushrooms and two thin slices of marinated Chashu pork) however, like all good Ramen joints, they have a whole list of additional toppings you can add (for a little extra cash) to make the dish your own.  The combination of flavors and textures soaking in the hot broth goes down well on a cold day.We also usually order the pan fried pork gyozas ($5.15 for 6) and a small Kimchi fried rice ($6.95).  The gyozas are excellent and the moist rice has a good flavor.  Each table has an array of sauces and condiments that you can add to your meal (rice vinegar, soy sauce, chili oil, sesame seeds, and chili pepper) as well as little jars of crushed garlic and red pickled ginger.  They also serve beer to wash it all down with.The service is fast and the food comes out quickly.  So even if you do get stuck waiting in line, it usually moves fast.  And if you are in the mood for good Ramen, it is worth the wait.
5	My friends and I found this place in one of the Las Vegas magazines. We opted to try it out. I have been addicted ever since. I have not wanted to write this review because this place is like y secret treasure and very small. There is almost always await. The food comes out very fast it has a limited menu of Ramen noodles.  It is awesome. The fried rice is out of the park good.  The bowls of noodles are quite big and you pay like $7 bucks. You can't go wrong with that.  The wait staff is nice and fast.  I can eat here everyday since Ramen noodles are one of my favorite.  It is a bit out of the way for me plus its small and often packed. Definitely worth going and checking it out and even if you have never had Ramen (the pack for .25 cents in the grocery store does not count) for less then ten bucks its worth it try.
4	Great ramen place!  Been here twice and have been thoroughly satisfied each time.  With how small this place is, I'm not surprised at the wait...even at 10pm at night.  The service, though brisk, is also very helpful and friendly.  No one has time to stand around to chat and explain things to you but they try very hard to seat everyone as quickly as possible and they manage to bring you your food quickly and correctly.Hubby and I are purists...we stay with the tonkotsu broth.  The broth was rich and sticky...didn't taste like it was brewed only from pork bones but also from pork feet/hock.  Very tasty and comforting.  On our second visit, I got extra char siu.  When the fat from the char siu melted into my broth, it got even thicker and richer.  Hey, you say greasy, I say yummy!!Other standouts - takana fried rice and pork belly bowl...all very good!!  Definitely going to be a staple for us when we're in LV.
5	This place is not too hard to find and there are plenty of parking spaces with other restaurants around. If you're feeling ramen, this is (so far), the best place. Growing up in Japan, ramen has been the comfort food for me whenever I'm out and about with family, friends, or by myself. I only knew of 2 other locations here in Vegas when I used to live here and since I left and came back, this popped out of nowhere and it blew me away. Their ramen is perfect. From the texture of the noodles, the amount they serve and the flavor of the broth, it's just perfect. It's also the first time I've been to a ramen shop where you can choose exactly what type of toppings you want. I chose eggs, nori, and pork. The pork and the egg definitely is the perfect toppings I've ever tasted on ramen. The amount of fat and the flavor of the pork was magnificent. The egg was just perfect where the yolk had a creamy texture in the center and the whites had a slight salty flavor to it that just blew me away and mixed very well with the broth (I had the Tonkatsu broth). As for the restaurant itself, It's clean inside. It has a mom and pop feel so it didn't feel fully sterile like an apple store would which I don't mind. It felt very home-e. I felt like I was really in Japan, minus the radio blasting in the background. I think I heard One Direction and some other pop music play. It shouldn't bother you though if you love/hate it because trust me, the ramen will be so good you're not gonna care. Customer service was really fast. I walked in and was greeted and seated right away. I ordered and I'd say 3 or 4 minutes later, I get my bowl. Once I finished my water, (BAM!) refilled. Portions I'd say is just right. They give you enough where you don't end up wasting anything, but I'm just so used to getting gigantic bowls of ramen that I was actually bummed how perfectly proportioned it was! Is that weird? Over all, I give this place a 5 out of 5, I can't wait to eat here again (for ramen that is). I haven't tried the others stuff they offer on the menu, but if ramen is what you're looking for, then look no farther. This. Is. THE. Place. Location: 4/5Cleanliness: 4/5Customer Service: 5/5Time: 5/5Portions: 4/5Taste: 5/527/30 =90%
5	Another great find through YELP!  Arrived at Monta around 9:30 and were lucky enough to get seated!  Every spot was taken.  I counted 23 seats in the house.  Mom and I had the Shoyu Ramen. The flavor was delicious! Dad had the Tonkotsu/Shoyu Ramen.  The noodles were thinner, and the broth was a little thicker. My husband had the Tonkotsu Ramen with corn and a side order of kimchi.  He ate every bit and said we would be back again.  Great place for ramen!
4	I love ramen and was looking for a place to try in Las Vegas. After catching a late show and not having had dinner prior to the show, I wanted something that would not be too heavy or filling. I searched on Yelp and tried Monta based on the positive Yelp reviews. The tonkatsu broth was very robust and flavorful, yet not too heavy. It was served with thin noodles and some greens, and I added corn which provided something sweet to compliment the saltiness of the broth. A definite member of my repeat list when back in Las Vegas.
4	This tiny little ramen place was everything it was cracked up to be.  My parents live locally and they'd heard from several sources about how great this place was, so when we were visiting, we took them out to Monta.We managed to get there at the perfect time because only 1 table was occupied, so getting my dad in was quick and easy (he is in a wheelchair).  They don't have hot drinks, so enjoy some UCC Oolong or Green Tea or a can of Calpico (I wish they had UCC Iced Coffee!!)  We placed our order and watched as the crowd built up very quickly.  Food arrived fast and piping hot.The gyoza was fine - crunchy on one side, steamed on the other, hot all the way through.  My mom and hubs got the pork belly bowls and my dad and I got the miso ramen (I got mine with corn)The charsiu/chashu/chasyu (how ever you want to spell it) WAS SO AMAZING - I do not use this phrase lightly.  It was LITERALLY melt-in-your-mouth delicious.  The pork fat was flavorful and rich and just melted away when it hit your tongue.  So amazing!  I am sad that I didn't stop and order a side of it immediately.The ramen noodles had a great chewy texture and the miso broth was delicious.  My mom was very pleased with the pork belly bowl, as well.The only thing that didn't live up to everything else was the mentaiko bowl.  I got it because I love hot rice and tarako (and my mom had made some for me the night before and I was still jonesing for it).  Unfortunately, the rice was not very hot and a little on the dry side, so the bowl was disappointing.  I ladeled some of the miso broth into the bowl and that made the rice more palatable, but it messed with the flavor of the mentaiko.All in all, it was a great experience and I can't wait to go to Vegas again so I can go to Monta again! **ACCESSIBILITY NOTE - The parking lot is not very wheelchair friendly and Monta itself can be a little tight to try to get a wheelchair in and out.  The only wheelchair ramp up from the parking lot is blocked by the car when you park in the handicapped space, so once you get the person into their chair, you have to move the car to get them up to the sidewalk level where the restaurants are.
5	I've been to this place for a while. No matter when I go (11 am, 2 pm, 4 pm or 9 pm), it's always crowded. Therefore, it's not a good restaurant for a big group celebration (because of the size of restaurant), but if you are looking for an authentic and delicious Ramen, cold noodle or pork belly bowl, this is the place you shouldn't miss when you visit Vegas.My favorite is Miso Ramen and pork belly bowl. Some of my friends claimed the miso Ramen was slightly salty, but I disagree with them. The fat of pork belly bowl created this awesome aroma and chewy texture from this simple dish. No matter what I ordered that day, I can't help but always order an extra small pork belly bowl every time I visited.
3	I have only been here once but overall I have to say it's okay. It's not bad, but it's not great either.It is terribly cramped and when I went there I had to sit at the bar with my party so it was difficult talking to them when you're facing the kitchen rather than their faces.The food was good. Tasty and simple. Great price too. It's a nice eat, but when I think of getting Ramen for dinner, Monta isn't the first restaurant that comes to mind.
4	If you like Ramen, this is the place.  There's a few other ramen joints throughout the valley, but this has got to be one of my favorite spots.  Shoyu ramen for $6.95 with ability to customize it with a handful of toppings is a good deal to me =)Pros: *  All kinds of toppings to build your own ramen *  Friendly service *  Awesome Ramen... I can't explain this ,but the broth is a bowl of salty goodness.Cons: *  A bit on the crowded side.  It's a small place packed with tables and seating. *  It's a hit or miss with the wait for this place... it's always busy so be prepared. * Parking sucks...period!Overall:  One of my favs in Vegas.  I'm giving it a four stars in comparison to other Ramen places I've been (not necessarily in Vegas).  Tips:*  A good place to come with a group of friends.. Very casual atmosphere*  Be eco-friendly and save yourself the hassle by trying to carpool if possible.
4	YES PLEASE, MORE PLEASE.Loved this cute little place. And it's CHEAP!  under $8 for a huge bowl of wholesome goodness.  It is a really small place, so keep that in mind, people were definitely waiting outside to get in.  But the food comes out fast, in fact, our dinner came out before our appetizer, which wasn't optimal but was OK.Service was meh in my opinion which is why it was 4 stars instead of 5.  It was FREEZING in here, they have the fans on blast, way too cold for both of us.  But once they serve you the steaming goodness in a bowl it does warm up a bit, but not that much. Tip-move the fans to the kitchen to help the workers out but it was too cold for us.I ordered my Pork Ramen w/out mushrooms and they placed the wrong bowls in front of us, my dinner companion was about to take a bite and the waitress like snagged it out from under him to swap ours around.  I couldn't even finish the whole thing. It has to be at least 3 cups of liquid, plus noodles and some very small bits of pork.  Get yours with the hard boiled egg. It's worth the other $1.50 or whatever it is they charge you, it was delicious.Great for a cold day too!
5	Despite my father's criticisms about this place (he's really picky when it comes to Japanese food), I decided to go here with my friends. I've been here a good number of times and I think it's safe to say that this ramen house is good. And I mean GOOD.I order the same thing every time: the shoyu ramen. The noodles are fantastic, the broth very flavorful, and the toppings, including the chashu, complete the bowl. Oh, and the fried rice is pretty good, too!The place has a cozy and traditional feel to it. It's a very small establishment, but this is what you should expect from an authentic Japanese restaurant. This comes with a quick and friendly staff.Need to go to this place more often since it's already getting really cold.
5	There isn't a whole lot left to be said that hasn't already been said.. This ramen joint is located in a little shopping center that is the mecca of fantastic quaint restaurants. Pretty much everything in this plaza is amazing. But Monta is The. Best. Ramen. In. Vegas.I always get the half tonkatsu half shoyu ramen because I like a little more salt, and think the tonkatsu is just a tad too porky for me. I also get the thicker noodle because I like a little more chew. They offer various additional toppings here including green onion, butter (!), corn, nitamago, pickled mustard greens and the very very necessary extra order of chashu. Not necessary because the regular order comes with a stingy amount.. extra because you will never, ever have enough chashu.At other ramen places I usually pick around the roasted pork, just not that into the flavor. But here, it melts away in your mouth. It's so tender it's hard to grab with your chopsticks sometimes because it'll just fall apart.The kim chee fried rice here is solid, but nothing I'd go out of my way for. This version is just.. meh. Good but not great.Monta is ALWAYS worth the wait.
5	Monta, my favorite!  I love coming to Monta when hitting up Vegas.  My friend tells me that this is where the locals go.  Food is amazing.  AND AT CHEAP PRICES!  I usually go with the Tonkotsu Ramen.  Very tasty.  Also try to Kim Chi fried rice!  It's so good and goes great to compliment the ramen.  The last time I visited, I tried the cold noodles.  I forget what the name was on the menu but it was so tasty.  It was packed with flavor when you eat.  It also had that refreshing taste to it.  You leave the restaurant, not sluggish, but having a refreshed feeling, which isn't normal.  Well to me at least! Great restaurant and open pretty late! Space is small, so try to get there early.  I heard that the wait times can be long if you go during prime times.
4	I'm going to go ahead an admit that although I know who David Chang and Tale Talde are, I'm not a pro at all when it comes to Asian food. Nonetheless, I visited Monta recently and must say I was impressed. I tried the shoyu ramen, although my friend recommended I try the tonkotsu. I thought it was pretty tasty though! I think it would be interesting to eat at the bar, like you were at a ramen place in Tokyo or Sapporo (David Chang's quarterly, Lucky Peach is all about different types of ramen, very interesting). I can't say with certainty if the noodles are made in-house though.BUT you get a lot of bang for a buck. i will be returning to try the tonkatsu and other items from the menu.
3	The broth was a bit salty for my palette but I thought the ramen was all around decent.  I would definitely recommend the shredded green  onion as a topping because it really added a nice chewy texture to the ramen.  Trust, it will not disappoint!  And the chashu is cooked perfectly.  It will melt in your mouth.It gets really crowded during lunchtime and the place is pretty small so plan accordingly.  It's priced right under $7 so the price is definitely right.I'm Korean so I love that they offer a side of kimchee.  It's a must.  They also had a mustard green side which was WAYYYY salty..  I definitely would not order that again. Monta's legit.  It's run by all Japanese which also means excellent service..
5	Your not going to get any better unless you drive 5 hours to LA. Don't fear the line outside, it move quickly.  A must if you find yourself on Mountain Spring
4	Food here is pretty solid.  I've had ramen in LA (which is much better back home, and I'm not trying to sound snobby, rather it's just something I can compare to), and the food here is a decent.  Tonkotsu Ramen $(7) and +$2 for egg- slightly above average-The broth is pretty good.  It comes w/ 2 pieces of meat (which is detailed on the menu).  The pork base is pretty thick, so if you are into thick broths this is the place to go.  My gripe is they don't give you complimentary egg w/ the broth, so you gotta pay $2 extra (which is pretty steep if you ask me).  I mean, who eats ramen w/o egg?  It's almost required!!!  I also would've preferred my egg to be a little more runny.  Part of the egg yoke should seep into the soup (but still retain it's shape).  The egg I got was slightly hard when I got it.Pork belly rice ($5.50 for a large, $3.50 for small) - Average.  The pork belly is extremely sweet!  I think they use too much sauce or something. The sauce almost over-powers the taste of the meat.  I'd pass on this next time.I was able to try my friends Takana fried rice and it's delicious.  10x better than the pork belly.Tips:-Not good for groups.  Restaurant is small, maybe seats 20 people inside.   Parties of 4 or larger might have trouble sitting.-Egg isn't complimentary w/ the ramen, so you gotta spend $2 extra =(-No garlic press available
5	The best ever! Everything about this place is awesome! Kimchee rice++
5	I took a stool at the bar and ordered the Shoyu Ramen, small Pork Belly side, and a Oolong Tea. The pork came out first. The delicious pork was nestled onto a bed of white rice and was topped with green onions and some pickled carrots. For 3.95 this dish was the winner of the day. The green onion and pickled carrots perfectly counterbalanced the savoryness of the pork belly. This place never disappoints.
4	I often crave for their tonkotsu ramen! The soup is so full of taste and creamy! No other ramen places can top that! The texture of the ramen is great too! Took a few friends there on several occasions and not once I did not hear compliments. Wish the place was bigger though.
3	Food:8/10 - Authentic Chinese food.  TastyCleanliness:5/10 - Could be betterAmbiance:3/10 - The place is super tiny and worn out.  Need's an overhaul.Restrooms:Didn't visitService:7/10 - Friendly and friendly but rushed because there is a wait.  Because the restaurant is small's the weight can be long.
5	This one of my favorites spots on Spring Mountain. Its a truly satisfying meal. I like the tonkatsushoyu because its the perfect balance; rich yet flavorful. the noodles are perfect every time and add what toppings you like, seaweed, egg, green onion, kim chee, PORK BELLY!!! MMMM PORK BELLY!!!!!
3	During my last 3 visits here to MONTA I did not see even one Japanese person eating or waiting in the 2 hour long line. Do you know why it is that the Japanese community in LV has turned their back on MONTA? There are many reasons.....I was confused. I was really confused. Why was I not a fan of MONTA? Every Chinese person kept telling me that MONTA was "the best". Every Korean woman kept telling me that it was "the best". Even their white husbands kept telling me that MONTA is "the best". My Mexican-American and Black foster kids kept telling me that Monta was "the best". Why is it that I didn't like it when everyone around me kept saying that it was the greatest? Am I just not Japanese enough to enjoy MONTA? My Dad is a 3rd generation Japanese-American and he did marry a Korean woman, so maybe that Korean blood in me erased my ability to determine what a good ramen is. But then I started noticing that all my friends and business partners who were born and raised in Japan kept insisting that MONTA was NOT "the best", In fact they thought it was "the worst". So I came to the conclusion that Japanese people just don't like MONTA like everyone else does. Personally, I think MONTA is  the California Roll of Ramen. It's a slightly Americanized variation, just like how the California Roll is an Americanized variation of traditional Maki. MONTA's ramen belongs to no true Japanese region.  It's made in America like Burgers and Fries. No one eats comfortably at MONTA. The place is extremely cramped, the chairs are very uncomfortable. The counter is made of that cheap plywood you find at discount furniture outlets on Maryland and Flamingo.  The bathroom is like 4 feet from the bar, and some guy always insists on taking a huge dump and leaving the door open. There is never any parking in the lot. Frequently, I just drive across the street to Shuseki(A Chinese-Japanese restaurant) where it's much more comfortable and the ramen is f*cking awesome.  MONTA is the most popular ramen-ya in Vegas, so why won't they move to a larger space? One of the wealthy Korean business owners who is a member of my Asian-American Activism agency informed me that Seoul Plaza(where Monta is located) has the cheapest rent in Chinatown.  The owner of MONTA is attempting to cut costs to maximize profits and that's why he won't leave Seoul Plaza.  Cheapness is the main reason! And Cheapness is also the reason why your bowl of ramen at MONTA is only half the size of the other 4 major Ramen-Ya's in LV. And Cheapness is why you have to pay extra for every little thing. You gotta pay extra for noodles, you gotta pay extra for the egg, you gotta pay extra for butter and corn! How cheap is that!!! If you get all the add ons, the bowl of ramen comes out to like $15.00. You can get the egg, extra charsu, extra noodles, 50% more broth, corn, butter, and garlic oil all included in the $8.00-$9.00 bowl of ramen at Fukumimi. The Deluxe Ramen at Sora also has everything included and it's only like $10.00 flat.The f*cking hipsters! This is a major reason why the Japanese have left MONTA.  Hipsters are usually White people, but they think it's cool to hang out in latino areas or Chinatowns. I don't know why, but hipsters think it's "lame" being around other Whites. Unfortunately, they have chosen MONTA as their "COOL MINORITY HANGOUT SPOT!". As a Japanese-American, do I wanna sit with a bunch of guys with " David Lynch Eraserhead" haircuts who wear Geek-Sheek  glasses and talk about their feelings? Do I wanna sit with a 6 foot 4" man in a dress who is attempting to start a conversation with me about: Indie Rock, Indie Flicks,  Jesus(aka Obama), Apple Products, and how cool it is to wear sunglasses indoors?  My response= THAT'S IT! NO MORE!  I'M F*CKING OUT OF HERE! I'M GOING TO FUKUMIMI!By the way... How f*cking long does it take for you guys to eat one bowl of ramen? While I'm on the waiting list for over 1 hour, I always notice how people finish their ramen after 15 minutes but just sit there and talk for another 45 minutes. This is the reason why we gotta wait so f*cking long to get a seat. MONTA has the worst Gyoza in LV. It tastes like the Chinese variation, and they all stick together like they are frozen(look at my pics). And they give you like 5 pieces for $5.00. That's like a dollar a piece!! Walk 2 minutes to Shuseki for a much better gyoza.Why did my egg come from the Alley? They ran out of eggs during my last visit and then they ran into the alley and grabbed another box? Are the eggs just sitting out there in some kind of big jar?A Japanese restaurant is supposed to have Kim-Uchi, not Kimchi. I saw with my own eyes, the cook here at MONTA going to Greenland to buy one of those giant glass jars of Korean Kimchi. At Fukumimi, Katsu-San makes his own Kim-Uchi which is slightly sweeter than Korean Kimchi. It's a true Japanese variation of a classic Korean dish.  #$@!*$#%$ *%#!  F*CK I JUST HIT THAT 5001 WORD LIMIT
3	Tonkatsu Ramen was pretty good.  The broth and meat had a slightly different flavor then most ramen places that I've tried--in a positive way.  The broth was more creamy and the meat had a grilled taste to it.  My friend had the miso ramen, but I think the tonkatsu was better.Price is usual for a ramen place.  The bowl comes standard with mushroom, 2 pieces of meat and bambo shoot.  I then added an egg and seaweed.The place is super small and the wait is long.  But overall, I would come back if I craved ramen while I was in Vegas (only if I was craving it though).
5	The best ramen ive had so far
4	Every bowl of ramen comes with two slices of pork chashu, green onions, kikurage (black mushroom), and bamboo shoots. There are four different types of broths:1. Shoyu- Soy sauce-based broth, pretty salty and nothing spectacular, average2. Miso- miso-based broth, salty but not overwhelmingly so, pretty run-of-the-mill miso ramen3. Tonkotsu- pork flavored broth, savory, and has a creamy texture. The soup's thick consistency is due to boiling pork bones, collagen, and fat for a long period of time. Some people find the thickness of the savory broth distasteful and unsettling. If you're not a fan of a thick soup, I would skip this one. Definitely one of my favorite broths to get here.4. Tonkotsu-Shoyu- best of both worlds, the tonkotsu and shoyu work well to balance each other out. The shoyu waters down the tonkotsu so it's not as thick and the tonkotsu adds a bold, fuller flavor to the shoyu. This is definitely Monta's signature ramen and a must try.Additional Toppings: Some of the toppings are noticeably more expensive compared to other local ramen joints that already include these toppings in their ramen.Additional Notes: *If you order extra noodles (Kaedama), it comes in a separate bowl usually in the middle of the meal. It's been heated up so your noodles are still delicious even if your broth is not as hot as in the beginning. * There are two types of noodles to choose from: thick cup ramen style noodles (that definitely taste nothing like those horrible cup noodles) or a thinner noodle similar to Chinese egg noodles (not the noodle that usually comes with wonton noodle soup). I definitely prefer the thicker noodles; the thinner ones tend to be overcooked easily and soggy. *There is a $10 minimum on credit cards. Bring cash if you don't plan to spend more than that.*They will not sit you at a table unless your whole party is present.Overall:So far, Monta has the best ramen in Vegas. (Still need to try Anime Ramen, and Fukumimi though.) It's just the thing that hits the spot on a cold chilly night when you need some warming up. Service varies depending on how busy they are. Bar seating may get uncomfortable for some but that's how traditional ramen houses are: small and cramped. Seating is very limited so anticipate a wait if you're coming during peak hours. The consistency of the ramen sometimes varies as well. Sometimes the chashu is over done, resulting in a dry piece of meat that doesn't have that heavenly gelatinous soft layer of fat that melts in your mouth. Also, the noodles sometimes come out too soft if they've been sitting there for a while. Once in a while, the yolk of the hard boiled egg will be completely solid, with none of that ooey gooey goodness. These hiccups happen rarely, only when they're extremely busy and it's during peak hours. Portions are decent sized for a regular person. If you're a gluttonous fatty like me, it's better to share fried rice (which is quite delicious) with a buddy.Overall, despite the ridiculous wait sometimes and food consistency issues, Monta is definitely a must try for locals and tourists.
5	It's been quite a while since I wrote my first review for this place.UPDATE TIME!I've been back to Monta several times.. and by several I mean, ever since I had my first taste.. I've been back at least 4-5 times in a month.Since my first time, nothing about the food has changed but there have been some additions to the menu such as the Tonkotsu Shoyu ramen and the Cold noodles (which I have yet to try). The food is still the same and I STILL LOVE IT.The only thing that's changed is the prices for toppings and such has gone up a little bit and now my meal averages to about $12-$14 a trip for just one bowl. A little bit pricey sometimes but hey, you get what you pay for!My old review still holds truth! GO FORTH AND EAT MONTA!
3	Afraid I'm going to have to downgrade Monta.  :(  The broth in their tonkatsu just isn't the same as it used to be.  It used to have a really rich, almost meaty flavor.  It's still a really good broth but not the ridiculously tasty one it used to be.Noodles also seem a bit limper than they used to be.  Maybe they're too busy to handle everything like they used to?
5	It's about time I write a review for my beloved Monta! first things first I didn't like this place at the beginning but I gave it a second try and I am hooked. I came here so much that I became the duchess after having 30-35 check ins lol yes I'm that obsessed. Sadly someone took my spot but whatever lol I usually order tonkatsu shoyu with chashu,nitamago & corn..The broth is just sooooooo gooood! I've been to so many ramen places here in Vegas and none of them can compare to this! The broth is like creamy pork flavor with shoyu (soy sauce), the chashu pork is very tender and thin which is perfect for me it's so so so good! The noodles are firm and not too soggy which I love as well ^__^ For side dishes I usually get takana fried rice and gyoza :) so yummy As for the people that work there, they already know that I'm a regular so they usually give us good seats and we also tip them really good lolJust don't go there during the weekends or around 7pm so many people waiting in line. I just wish they would renovate & make the place bigger since its very famous already and u get to sit more customers ya know?! I can't wait to go back this week & eat there again. Writing this review just made me hungry!! :p
3	Finally got to go to Monta after hearing about it for so long and dying to go. It was good! Pretty much what you would expect from a ramen place... quick and easy. It is very small and you'll probably have to wait for sure. I have to say I enjoy different ramen styles better, though, like what they have at Ramen Sora. Monta has thinner noodles, and their broth is very good but doesn't have the umami punch that makes ramen so delicious. I prefer thicker, chewier wavy noodles than thin noodles that they had. They also do not have curry like many ramen places unfortunately, but that is okay, because they make up for it with their variety of fried rices. I sat at a stool at the bar, and it is pretty uncomfortable, but adds to the ramen-ya feel that they are going for. I wouldn't mind going back, it definitely satisfies the ramen craving, but I think if I had to pick one place it would be Ramen Sora for sure. Check it out!
5	Monta Monta.. Do you want to Monta?.... F**k yeah I wanna Monta. A friend of mines mention to me about this place when she was in Vegas. So the next time I went to Vegas, I decided to try this place out cause I love good ramen. Line here sucks but it is well worth it. The first time I had this place I was blown away at how scrumdidilumpcious. I decided to go back to this place again the next day just so my friends can try it out also. Miso ramen was excellent. The pork was so tender that it melts in your mouth. Same with the egg. The only thing I would complain about is the gyoza. They tasted like the one you brought in the frozen good section at the store. Stay away from the gyoza and you would definitely give this place 5 stars.
4	I'm not huge on noodles and soup, and this place always seems to have a line out the door. It's so small here you're practically a sardine. The experience was really good and everyone is friendly I really liked the Ramen and will be coming back again to try all of the different options
4	I am so full!  I had the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen with sliced pork.  I also ordered kaedama (extra noodles), the mini-mentaiko bowl with spicy cod row, green onion & chopped seaweed over rice.  Washed it all down with an Asahi draft.  Excellent and pretty inexpensive.  The place is tiny!  I saw 4 people walking for the door and run to beat them inside.  I had to sit at the bar close to the door and kept getting blasted by freezing winds from outside.  I will be back (maybe when it's warmer outside.)
4	Perfect on a chilly weather. Price not bad and they've added some stuff in their menu, which is good. Place small if volume of people is a lot, but since this is an in and out eatery, wait is not bad (unless if there's a group of people hanging out just cz). One of my faves.
2	This is probably the most popular ramen restaurant near Las Vegas area because we had to wait about 1 hour just to get in. Restaurant was pretty small and service was okay.  Miso ramen with extra chashu porks and nitamago ($7.25 + $2.5 + $1.5) - The miso broth was a bit salty, but at least there was some flavor. Nitamago (flavored egg) was actually pretty good. Chashu porks had a good texture, but tasted a bit salty. I do like their wavy noodle, pretty chewy. This place probably won't be this popular if it opens up around the Los Angeles area because there are too many great ramen restaurants. Overall - noodle wasn't too bad, but broth was definitely a bit salty.
3	maybe it's because i've been spoiled by los angeles and all their great ramen places...this ramen place was just average...definitely was not worth the 1hour+ wait that my party did for....but hey...since its vegas, this is the most legit ramen place in the area....so we though to try it..since their most popular item is the shoyu ramen...i opt'd for the shoyu tonkotsu ramen....idk about you but they really go crazy with the shoyu....it was salty...a bit too salty for me...and after just eating a night of salty food at wicked spoon..omg...more salty food....probably wont come back again unless i really want ramen and i'm stuck in vegas
4	I'm pretty sure the first thing you hear when you walk in are the waitresses yelling the order in Japanese and the chefs in the back confirming AND the slurping of noodles from patrons which is a strong first impression. (* + 1) I'm no ramen expert but I believe the best places have distinctive flavors for their broths. At Monta, you can definitely tell the Miso from the Tonkatsu, and the Shoyu from the Tonkatsu-Shoyu which earns a star. ( * + 1) Location+Atmosphere: It's tucked away in a shady strip mall which I always seem to pass, but a good landmark is the bar at the beginning of the mall called Kilroy's (named after the famous Kilroy graffiti). I love the atmosphere which is an open kitchen where you see the chefs work. The bar seating has nice spinning bar stools and it's easy to get comfy/friendly with the strangers next to you. (* + 1)Service: At the door they don't really care who you are or what you do (whether you have a party of one or a party of 10, no special treatment; no forgiveness for leaving/having incomplete party). Once seated, the service is quick and they get your stuff out as soon as possible to get another butt in your chair. With a small party (2-3) the wait shouldn't be too long. With a large (+4) party, at munch-time you're out of luck. Service does not earn a star.Food: Ramen (why would you get anything else here?). Four different broths to choose from with their own noodle style. Tonkatsu shoyu ramen comes with wavy noodles and the Miso came with thin noodles. Extra noodles are $1.25. I don't get add-ons because there's no need, the amounts which are portioned should be rich enough to keep you from wanting for a couple hours. Which leads me to portion size. First time it came, I thought I could eat 3 bowls, but after the first tasty, rich bowl you find yourself satisfied. What you're looking for is the flavor of the broth and I think this place has one of the tastiest broths. I like to add the spicy powder, hot oil, and sesame seeds so maybe that's why it gets salty near the bottom, but it makes my noodles tastier. (* + 1) Got the gyoza, tasted the gyoza, enjoyed the gyoza, did not write home about the gyoza.Strangest thing: I do not understand why they don't serve hot tea. Too much work to serve and too little space for the cups? They do have canned oolong and green tea though.
3	I've studied and had my share of great and authentic Japanese ramen--it's as much an art as a science.Not bad. Girls are really nice here--aiming to please.  The space is clean.It was great to see that they have the popular dual broth (tonkotsu-shoyu) that is quite trendy in Japan.  It was excellent. Unfortunately the noodles are not made here--what a disappointment.  The egg was made too far in advance and thus cold and too hard.But I didn't expect that much out here in Vegas, so it was a nice meal despite the noodles.
4	Ramen was just so-so. Noodles were not handmade. However, rice bowl with pork belly was great! Service is good. Always in line.
5	I never use to eat off strip on my trips to Vegas. I always thought that if i'm on vacation, I should experience the strip and maybe downtown and nothing else. Lately though, I find myself enjoying the hidden gems of Vegas more and more; eat where the locals eat and you can't go wrong. Monta Ramen is one of those fine establishments. Hands down the best Tonkatsu ramen I have ever had. The presentation is simple, but the flavors are out of this world. By far my most favorite part of the dish is the pork belly. Thinly sliced and melt in your mouth juicy, even the L.A.'s Daikokuya doesn't match. Also ordered a side of Kim Chi fried rice. The dish was unremarkable, and unnecessary since the ramen portion was filling. The place is small, and popular so be sure to get there early!
4	Love this place, it is good simple as that
5	Awesome!  Have had ramen all over japan and greater LA area and this place is hands down one of the best.  Love how they keep it real japan style and hurry you out when you are done eating.  That is how it should be done in a ramen  joint.  I never felt rushed but when i was done i was ready to head out.  I had the gyoza and was impressed also.  Buddy had ramen in NY at Momofuko and said that place was horrible Monta opened his eyes.  He wanted to come back for an early lunch the next day!
4	I still think Monta is tasty, but it's just not as tasty as I used to think it was.While Monta isn't my first choice anymore, I don't have any qualms on eating here. My best friend Tida C. is still a die-hard Monta lover so I'm sure they'll still be in my regular rotation of restaurants.The Miso broth isn't as rich and a little more salty than I remembered. And the flavors are more subtle than comparable broths I've had at other ramen places. Between Shoyu, Tonkatsu, and Miso, I consider Miso to be the tastiest of all of them.A couple of the reasons I still think Monta is awesome is their Togarashi (the red chili/pepper flakes on the table). I don't know how they make it or where they get it from, but no other togarashi is equal to that of Monta's. The blend of chili and other seasonings make it incredibly addicting and it has more spice (heat level) than others I've tried.And of course, they still hold true to carrying the freshest mentaiko in town. That mini mentaiko bowl is still my favorite app / side dish to a hot bowl of noodles.
5	We came with a party of 9, and they were very accommodating.  I got the Miso Ramen, which comes with the thick, curly noodles.  The regular Tonkotsu ramen comes with the thin noodles, which I don't really like, so read the descriptions carefully.  I added corn to my ramen, and it was perfect!  We also shared some gyoza and fried rice.  The gyoza is ok, but the fried rice had lots of green onions.  Yes, this place is small, but the crowd just shows how great the food and service is here.  We got to sit at the counter and watch the guys make all the food.  It was the best seat in the house!
4	The wait was reasonable, the prices were very reasonable and the food was delicious!
3	I have mixed feelings about Japanese ramen places in this country: although I find myself craving for the broth once in a while, I seldom find a place where the noodles are chewy and firm enough. Usually they taste just like the 25-cent packs of ramen that you get from supermarkets. This noodle bar is just like that. I loved the broth and the cha-siu (marinated and slow-cooked pork meat), but I couldn't stand the noodles. I would still recommend it, but only if you don't have to wait in line for too long.
3	The more I think about it, the more I think Monta is just okay. The novelty of ramen hooked me at first since we don't have any ramen shops in Houston. Since then, I've realized that even though it was delicious, it's just noodles and broth. Extremely salty broth. Too salty.  I know it's strange to say that everything was delicious, but every single ingredient added to your ramen is an extra charge. From what I remember, they give you two slices of pork. Two. It's really not enough.
4	Food: 4Service: 4Atmosphere: 3. Cramped in a strip mall (which is of course typical in LV.). It is located in the same strip mall as another popular Japanese place, Raku.FIRST IMPRESSION and ORDERINGAs we stood waiting for about maybe 15-20 min, we peeked over to the table of 4 who were eating on a table smack right next to the entry door where everyone was standing & waiting. We saw that the fried rice looked a tad greasy and so did the ramen broth. My dinner companion gave me that look of "hmmm" and I said "I guess we'll just try it since we're already here". We were curious to compare this to our usual Ramen Dojo (San Mateo, CA).We ordered one tonkotsu $6.95 (+egg $1.50  and corn $0.50), one shoyu ramen $6.95 with extra chasu (+4 pieces, $2.50) and one kimchi fried rice $6.95 (hoping this would be less greasy than the regular fried rice and it was slightly less common in the Ramen place).  Having not eaten lunch that day, we were huuungry and ready to devour our order as soon as it arrived. First impression: noodles presentation looked neat and mouthwatering; the ingredients were neatly arranged on top and the bowl of ramen looked quite appetizing. Especially with 2 hungry stomachs impatiently waiting to devour them. LOL. The broth didn't appear as greasy as my earlier glance at the previous table.  There was a curious black ring around each of the chasu (more about this later) that's usually not present in the other ramen's place chasu piece.  Interesting, we thought.The fried rice still looked a tad on the greasy side by the shines it showed. But in all fairness, I haven't ordered Japanese fried rice in a ramen place for some time. Maybe they all look like that.Now on to the fun part.FOODThe broth on the tonkotsu ramen was delish. Slightly on the lighter side compared to Ramen Dojo, but it was still good. One big difference that made Ramen Dojo's broth more 'hearty' and tasty was the addition of chicken bits in their broths. If you like a lighter version of Tonkotsu broth, you will like Monta's version better.The shoyu broth was light yet had a lot of flavor. The tonkotsu bowl came with thin noodles. We both were very curious how good (smooth) this thin noodle would be. While not as 'smooth' as some of the other thin ramen noodles we've tried in Japan, we were pleasantly surprised at how smooth and tasty it was. So, thumbs up here.The noodles in the shoyu bowl was also pretty good. It is the yellow, thicker, curly kind; of course heavier than the one in the tonkotsu bowl, yet not super-heavy.As for the curious black ring around the chasu, as you probably have guessed, it is the pork skin. The skin itself was a real thin strip with a very thin layer of fat underneath it.  Including this skin gave the soup broth an extra flavor and aroma that distinguished it from other ramen's place broth. It was probably also why the half-finished ramen bowl we peeked earlier looked slightly greasier. I don't typically see this pork skin included in other ramen shop. This is a plus for the broth. The slightly greasier broth didn't quite happen as much in my bowl. 'cause I like to scrape off the fat under the pork skin. LOL. Another thumbs up!The last dish which was the kimchee fried rice ($6.95) was yum, though I still think it could be done with slightly less oil.  Unlike the rice bowl-sized portion that it often comes in, this fried rice came in a rounded square plate of the size that could've been a meal by itself.SERVICEService was friendly, efficient and brisk without making us feel rushed. But we did devoured our meal super fast and left quickly as a courtesy to the long lines of people waiting.Two thumbs up for this place.ANECDOTAL COMMENTS & OBSERVATIONS (mostly rhetorical)Why is it that most ramen house has the most 'house rules' posted on their outside window? No outside food. No outside drink. No tacos? (seriously, this place has a picture of tacos with a cross on it and Japanese writing).
3	First things first. 1. I've never had ramen til now. 2. This is my first review as an Elite woohoo! Maybe I had higher expectations of this place, even though I had nothing to compare it to other than the ramen you get for .20 at the local grocery store. It was good. Very good even. I ordered the pork/chicken broth ramen add corn and butter. I ate the entire bowl and would order it again. I personally chose to add a little chile oil and whatever that mixed seasoning at the table was. It def improved my broth which needed the extra umph. The pork in the soup was not my style. The fatty skin reminded me of duck, which I don't like the skin of. Everything else in the soup was yummy and ill consider adding extra mushrooms and maybe an egg next time. Good prices, I'd much rather go order a $7 bowl of ramen, versus buying all those ingredients and doing it myself. However, how often do I eat ramen is really the question here, maybe that's why I expected it to be something more than basic. Ill consider ramen again, as long as I don't have to wait (which you usually do considering they have like 6 tables) or possibly order it Togo. I did notice that was an option. Next time ill try Sora or Fukumimi.
3	We actually took a cab to get to THIS place? My gf was raving about it because apparently it was suppose to be "really good". We decided to go because it was cold in Vegas anyway so ramen would warm us up! Ehh I think where I am from, ramen is much better. There was quite a wait, the place was itty bitty! I didn't even end up getting ramen just because I didn't want to bloat and be all big before going out. I went with the Regular Fried Rice. I mean there wasn't anything amazing about it. It was like ordinary rice that I could've whipped up myself! My gf got the ramen. The broth was okay. I've had better. The noodle on the other hand was super fresh. It had a crisp to it when you bit into it too. The cool thing about our experience was we sat at the bar so we were able to see the chefs prepare all the ramen bowls and cook the meats and what not. What bothered me the most about this place is its efficiency and service. They are super slow and move like ants here! Nothing is speeding them up and I feel like I waited about 30 minutes for my food on top of the wait before being seated. Too bad this joint was sort of far from Chinatown...because I wanted to check that place out but it wasn't walking distance!
4	There have been a number of ramen places that have popped up in Vegas since Monta, and I've also had ramen in Cali, so my rating has definitely changed since. Ya know, when you don't really know better...I'd still come back to this place, as it is the closest to me, and it's still pretty good, but the last time I was back here, I definitely noticed the taste difference in just everything.Ramen is still decent enough for a visit. They are almost always busy (especially since their place is quite small) and service never really falls short. It's such a small place that it's quite hard for the servers to ignore you.Still will be a regular to this particular ramen restaurant in Vegas, but 4 stars is the most I can give it now.& I always get the TONKOTSU SHOYU ramen :)!
4	I always have good dining experience here when I stop by. I am always prepared to wait a bit because the place is small, but I usually get lucky to snatch a bar seat. A and I are creatures of habit; so far we've ordered their pork belly bowl and tonkatsu ramen with all the trimmings. The pork belly bowl is delicious, perfect amount of meat for the rice, yet sometimes I find it a little bit on the greasy side. The tonkatsu ramen is good too. Fresh thin noodles with tasty broth. I think it's one of the best ramen houses in LV, but I've had better ramen when I used to live in the Bay area. I am still fan though, because the servers are quick and efficient. The prices are more than fair too so what's not to love?
3	Not a bad place for ramen.  Broth was nice.  Meat was okay.  Service was decent.  But after having ramen at Santouka in the Mitsuwa Japanese stores, it just doesn't compare.It's good ramen though.  I just can't say I'm a huge fan of it.
5	Great hole in the wall Ramen place! Great service and staff are very accommodating. We got our order right away which was awesome!  The wait for a table isn't too bad, if its cold just wait in your car or there are several massage places next to Monta :  ).
4	Okay so I have been on a crazy ramen kick these last few weeks.  I can't seem to get sick of it, which really needs to happen soon because all this sodium is not condusive to my eating clean and healthy.I know I said in my Sora review that I probably would not go back to Monta after falling in deep and passionate love with my bowl of ramen at Sora, but I wanted to eat by myself today and I knew if I went to Monta, I could probably get a seat quicker than at Sora since Monta has the counter-top seating.  I used to go to Monta every Saturday for lunch by myself and noticed that there were a lot of people who like to eat there by themselves, which makes it easier and faster for me to get a seat.Today was so busy!  So busy in fact, that I still had to wait about 15 minutes before getting seated. They only have a couple of servers who also double (triples?) as hostesses and bussers so these ladies are running around like crazy.  Like Sora, I just find myself exremely impressed at how quickly they turn tables over without making you feel rushed when you're eating.  I love to sit at the counter-top and watch them making the ramen.  The guys are super nice and will usually chat a little bit when I've been there on Saturdays, but today he was constantly running around getting those delicious bowls of steaming ramen out of the kitchen.   Anyway, I don't have anything against Monta.  I just think Sora is way better.  However, I did leave there today feeling extremely happy and satisfied.  I always get the Tonkatsu-Shoyu with chasyu and nitamago.  One bowl of ramen is usually more than enough for me.  If I'm with someone, we will usually also get the gyoza, which are good but nothing special.  Today, however, I decided to try something new and adventurously ordered the kimchi fried rice.  Not sure why regular fried rice comes in a small and large, but add some kimchi to it and you can only get one size, which is a large serving.  But I'm glad I got it because it was freakin' wonderful!  The seasoning is just perfect and the kim chi is just subtle enought that it doesn't overpower the fried rice taste.  I can't wait to eat the leftovers!I still can't help but compare my ramen at Monta to my ramen at Sora, and though it falls short, I still really enjoy Monta as part of my ramen rotation and will continue to go there every once in a while.
4	This is the best place for Ramen in all of Vegas.  It is far superior to the Sora Ramen both in taste and cleanliness/price.  Pork belly is one of the best. Sister company of Goyemon (another favorite). Don't come here if you are in a hurry.  Waits during Sat for lunch can exceed 45mins.   They also don't take reservations and the entire place seats around 25 people max.  They should raise prices to keep the crowds away or expand into one of the neighboring suites due to high demand.I would give 5 stars if not for the wait (which is terrible).
5	Although the wait to be served was approximately 40 minutes the wait was well worth it. We had the Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen with a side of Gyoza. The Ramen was the best we have tasted in the USA. Definitely a must visit whenever we are in Las Vegas.
4	Ordered Chasu Bowl while my boyfriend ordered Kimchi Fried Rice and Shoyu Ramen. Everything was so good and good portions. It's such an incredibly small place though. No reservations, wait could be extremely long if its busy.
4	Went with friend and his wife for dinner. Very small shop in a lot near the end of chinatown. I did notice it was the only place that seemed busy besides the bar. Might be worried on wait during peak times, but wasn't too long for us, 15-20min. Ordered the miso ramen. Noodles were good texture and bite, broth was decent. Service was good too. Overall pretty decent.
3	I'm not sure what the hype is all about at Monta Ramen.  Don't get me wrong, this place has good Ramen but I've definitely had better elsewhere.I ordered the Tonkatsu-Shoyu Ramen with nori and corn.  Personally my broth was a little bit on the salty side and my best friend felt the same way.  We also ordered gyoza, which I liked very much but that's about it.  We did arrive about 12:30 A.M. and I'm assuming we got the last batch since all the workers seemed to be cleaning up the place as we finished up our Ramen.  They also forgot to give us the red ginger you usually get on the side.  My boyfriend and I didn't realize this until we headed out the door after seeing the Ramen add-ons were compiled together at the bar ready to be stored for the next business day.If you plan to go maybe try and go during normal/peak hours.  The way I see it, it's like ordering french fries in the wee hours of the night, when they are usually sitting out too long and become stale and soggy.  Basically, you might not get the best batch of broth... Yeah, sorry Monta Ramen, there's just no chemistry between you and me.  Good try though.Lina Chen
5	I've probably been to Monta Ramen about 20+ times now, and in my opinion it's the best ramen noodle shop in town (Fukumimi does come close in my opinion....more on that in another review. The Food (5 out of 5):I usually order either the Tonkotsu Shoyu or the Miso Ramen and then add an egg. I absolutely love their broth (I am a big fan of salt after all). At times, we will order gyoza and/or fried rice to go along with our orders of ramen, and that is usually a good way to round out the meal.The Service (4 out of 5):I love how fast the turnover of tables is after a patron as left because there is usually a line of people waiting to get in. This is my only true gripe about Monta; I just wish that they had just a little more seating room. HINT: If you go here for lunch, they open at 11:30am......just make sure that you are a couple of minutes early otherwise you will be waiting about 20-30 mins to get seated.The Price (5 out of 5): Ok, I guess that this could be better if it were FREE, but come on, that's not going to happen! But, you shouldn't be paying any more than $20 pp here (more like $10-12 pp if you're not getting any extras and/or having water as your drink). OVERALL:Monta Ramen is at the top of the pack for Japanese ramen noodle shops in Las Vegas in my opinion!
3	Nothing special....Very frugal on the meat in the Ramen
4	I like the ramen here ,they are the best in town!price is reasonable,food is yummy and the waitress is sweet. They are traditional japanese girls ,very gentle and quiet ,not like some other places waiter or waitress always yelling at chefs in the kitchen.you will feel comfortable when you are dinning there.a good place for couples and lovers .
4	Monta is one of my favorite Japanese Ramen in town.   It's so tasty that it got famous and was featured on Travel Channel.  The chef claim you couldn't get the ingredient/recipe here and it came straight from Japan.  The noodle is very tasty.  Few things I don't like about the the Ramen is that the soup is got way too much oil in there which is not drinkable.If you are looking for restaurant to socialize with your friends, this is definitely not the spot for you.  The turn over is very fast, people Eat and Go quick and you have people wait in line in a very small space and everyone will be staring at you waiting LOL...  Not a spot to hang out.  But Food is good.
5	Monta is the best Ramen in town!!!
4	I come here for the TONKOTSU RAMEN w/ a few orders of the KAIDAMA. In the summer time, I hit up the HIYASHICHUKA (my favorite). Seating is very limited and depending on where you get seated, I have no room to get too comfy. A few times, I was elbow to elbow with my people sitting next to me. Other than that all I have to say is: RAMEN DAISUKI!!!
2	This was my first visit for dinner.  There was only a short wait to be seated at a table.  The restaurant was located on Spring Mountain Rd/S Decatur Blvd in Las Vegas.I ordered the Miso Ramen.  My friends ordered the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen and the Tonkotsu Ramen.  They all came with green onions, two slices of fatty chashu, thinly sliced bamboo shoots and kikurage.  Butter, corn, kimchee, extra chashu, nori, egg, etc were extra.  The portions were small for the price.Luckily there was a plate of condiments:  soy sauce, sesame seed oil, sesame seeds, and chili powder to add flavor to the bland broth.I probably won't be back.
5	okay wow.  so yummy!
5	Really good Ramen dishes. Now I know what it's SUPPOSED to be like!I got mine with the thicker noodles, extra pork and an egg. Bomb!I had enough broth that I could've ordered a refill of noodles, but we had a side of rice for the little guy, so I just dumped that in a slurped it all up!We got Gyoza as an appetizer. It wasn't bad, but I'll skip it next time.
5	So good. So cheap. So perfect.
4	One of the better noodle houses in town.  Very small and usually there is a bit of a wait.  I love the Tonkatsu with egg and extra noodle.  The broth is savory with a kiss of salty pork.  The noodles are always cooked to perfection.  I've tried my wife's Shoyu, and it's ok, but the flavor is in the Tonkatsu Ramen.  Great food at a very great price.  If you are in that part of town, it's one of the best Ramen.
4	Don't go here. Seriously. The wait is bad enough already. Their ramen is one of the few foods that leaves me thinking about it and dreaming about it after a visit. The flavors are complex but complimentary and an excellent value. Biggest changes that would up the rating are a) a bigger space and b) more attentive/personalized service. Don't go there.
5	If given the choice of going out to eat vs. staying in, I never even think about where I might want to go, I always go to Monta. A good friend introduced me to this wonderful place a long time ago, and it's been my favorite spot ever since.The quality of food and service is top notch, and they never disappoint. I order the Tonkotsu-Shoyu with extra pork belly and an egg. For such delicious food, the prices are astoundingly good. I honestly could not say enough good things about this place.I've taken numerous people to this place, and will continue to do so. I've told out of town friends, and anyone that has mentioned a hankering for ramen, or food in general, to come here, because they have not lived until they've eaten the best ramen in town. I wish there were more space for seating, but it's not really a problem if I have to wait. The reason there is a wait is because everyone knows how amazing this place is, and their food is well worth the wait. Well worth it.
5	friend recommended and hear alot of buzz about this place and sure enough i immediately became a fan The broth was very rich and good The ramen was smooth and thin - can tell it was freshly made The spicy salmon roe mini rice bowl was yummy Excellent customer service Strongly recommended
3	It is hard to believe that over two years ago Monta came into the land of Las Vegas and took us by storm. A small restaurant that mainly focused on ramen with decor that was similar to that in anime, UNHEARD OF. I was blinded by Monta's kool-aid. However years later now and most likely because of the raging success Monta has on the Vegas valley, ramen proprietors came from the shadows and declared Vegas ready for legitimate ramen. For me a cause and effect of the boom is that Monta has fallen in the ranks of preference and not only because of taste, but from the swarm of different styles of ramen that became available. Sure Monta is not what it used to be pre-2012, but it is consistently now what it is. For myself it overwhelmingly salty, thin, and a lack of depth. That might not be the same for everyone, as I know that some of my friends do not particularly enjoy the thick rich broth from other providers. The chashu is more fat than anything else. Monta also consist of ridiculously long wait times, its insane to wait anything more than 15 minutes when a handful of options are only a 5 minute drive away. Although this may seem like a bash on Monta, I think that everyone should try it at least once (when the wait is not ridiculous), sort of paying tribute to Monta because without it, we (Las Vegas) would not have all delicious alternatives. Thanks Monta
5	First love but can't wait !
4	This place hits the spot if you want some good ole ramen!! Not the best I've had but the best in Vegas.
4	Now to start, the reason I gave four stars it because the customer service can be terrible. I once brought 6 friends (all who had never been there before) to try it. There tables are only made to seat 4 at most, and even though there was an empty table and the one next to it had just paid and was ready to leave, instead of waiting 5 minutes and seating us THEY SAT THE EMPTY TABLE. After we had already been WAITING FOR 45 MINUTES, they again wanted us to wait for two tables to clear out at the same time. Not gonna lie, I lost my s***.  Then, to try and make it up to us they tried to offer us bar seats (after I made it perfectly clear in the beginning that we wanted a table) and we just picked up and left. Apparently bringing more than 4 people and asking for a table is too complicated for the waitresses to handle and caused their brains to melt.Other than that, I have never had a problem with their service there and their ramen is the best I have ever had. Even my half Japanese cousin (who is from Tokyo) said that it's the closest to Japanese ramen you can get in the states. It's always crowded now (a testament to how good it is) so be prepared to wait. But the wait is usually not too long since they get people in and out as fast as they can.In conclution: Never arrive in a group of more than 4 people (or you will overload the poor waitresses' brains, heaven forbid) and you will have a fabulous dinner. :)
4	Oooooh Monta. Why does your restaurant have to be the size of my closet and your service atrocious so I have to give you 4 stars instead of 5?  I really like their ramen.  I repeat, I REALLY like their ramen.  But man, everything else is annoying. I came here with a group of 5 once (all newcomers so I was trying to show off the place).  Luckily, we showed up right when they opened so we got seated right away.  We were all squished on a table that clearly should have supported only 4 full grown adults.  But the ramen is so tender, the broth so hearty and flavorful, and the boiled egg and yolk so delicious.On another occasion, I came here for dinner with 1 other person and ended up waiting about 1.5 hours because the place is so darn busy and there aren't enough seats.  I kid you not.  Several times we thought about leaving but couldn't come up with an alternative ramen joint that was remotely as good.  It's absolute cruelty.Also, they don't seat you unless your entire party is there.  And I wouldn't recommend going with a party bigger than 4 or it's almost impossible to find somewhere to sit.  While their ramen is super delicious, they really need to move to a bigger location and give their staff some customer service classes.
5	*drool*.....I can hardly write this review without becoming hungry. Anyway I frequent this place as often as I can. I always order my ramen with extra pork and sometimes an egg. This place is very crowded most of the time but its worth the wait. So if you are thinking you're hungry and want ramen get here quick sit through the wait time and then feast on, in my opinion, the best ramen in china town.
3	meh.  nothing too special about this ramen place.  it was good, just not that much different from all the other ramen spots in the valley.
5	Ramen seems like it would be a simple delicacy to create, but this place makes it such an exquisite dish and it is quite delightful to the taste buds. I noticed a lot of bad reviews are due to the size and service of the restaurant as opposed to the food. But everytime I've came here I have never had that problem. First of all, if you know this place is going to be small I wouldn't suggest bringing large groups. Everytime I've been here was with only one other person when I've had a craving for good ramen and some Japanese beer. With that said I've always been able to get a seat without having to wait too long and my food has always come out speedy, fresh, and fantastic. The tonkatsu-shoyu ramen is awesome and if you'd rather opt out of the mixed broth they are both good stand alone too. There are a lot of toppings you can add to your soup which is pretty awesome also. Great place for anyone to check out, but just remember the size capacity issue when trying out this place!
4	Here's a place to visit. To dispel the hypnotic clouds of Nissin that hang ominously over our great America; To be righteously warmed during these cold desert nights;To understand (again and again) what your food-veteran of an uncle is talking about -- about long lines mid-winter up in northern Japan, you know? -- when the two of you are caught in a suitably similar 40-minute wait in front of a tiny ramen-ya (again and again)....etc.Point being, Monta is a great introduction into ramen, a trial by fire if you're lucky. Yes, you will likely have to stand around the door before you get to eat, yes, you may have to sit by some suspiciously tipsy dude if you're up at the counter, and yes, you might not even be impressed, despite what Yelp and your hipster friend says. But that's all okay, I promise, it is what it is. It really is great ramen. Monta is definitely worth the visit. It's not the best ramen ever, with the chashu a bit too fatty, the miso a bit too salty upfront sometimes, and the gyoza totally unremarkable. But the broth is hot, delicious, and flavorful, and the noodles are top-notch. It's good, okay? Go.
3	Im asian and all about ramen. Tried this place for the first time on a Saturday night at almost 1am. It was still crowded in there! If youre confused about what ramen is, its just noodles and broth and you get to pick your additional toppings or mix ins or whatever. This place has a chicken broth, a pork broth, or half and half. Its acually really good. It is a little salty, and I wish they had a few more choices for the additional add ins, but I would definitely go back. It is a tiny place, and they wont seat you unless the whole party is there.
3	Tonkotsu might get four stars, the shio and miso/tonkotsu two or three.  Too salty, noodles were a little soft and I personally prefer the curly kind (rather than the round, straight kind at Monta). Pork was good, soft boiled egg was pretty good.Personally I like the small, crowded restaurant.  It seems to somehow be the right ambiance for a ramen shop.
5	I never liked going to eat ramen, but the more places I try, the more I love and appreciate Monta. This place is very small, and sometimes the wait can be a while, but the service is actually really quick. I've tried every flavor, but my favorite would have to be the Tonkatsu with corn. The corn just puts it over the top! My boyfriend is usually a die hard Miso fan, it's pretty good, I don't love it, but so far he likes Monta's the best. I don't ever order fried rice at restaurants, but this one time I did and it was actually pretty good! It had a lot of flavor, it reminded me of my mom's. The pork belly bowl is delicious too, but I wouldn't go there for that. Overall, Monta would have to be my favorite ramen spot!
4	The smell of the soup brings you in from blocks away.. dont let the surroundings of this place bring sour grapes to your plate... its good eats! the chashu is literally MELT in your MOUTH good ( droooolll) If i could do it all over again i would of ordered extra chashu with my lunch. Its a nice change to have a mixed broth... it isnt something that you get to try everyday unless you decide to do some mixology right on your table. My only thing that i noticed is the noodles are not made at the store and for that reason they ended up with 4 stars instead of 5. Also tried the pork belly bowl not bad.. but really really thin pork belly and not much of it to start with.... great with kimchi! ps.. remember all "extras" come with a price tag so asking for extra kimchi or green onion they will charge you and not tell you that you are being charged to them its universally understood that there's no free lunch with this world.. or well.. free.. anything.. But at $7 per bowl of ramen its a STEAL!
4	What an incredible value.  I got the tonkotsu, it comes with two big pieces of melty pork belly, and I added an egg.  The broth is good, not great depth, but definitely  very good.  The noodles are the straight kind.Service was excellent.  A woman chef was in charge of the kitchen, she totally commanded it.  That was cool.
5	This place may be small in size but big in value. Their soups are great and the pork belly with rice was amazing! The menu may not be very deep but what they make is top notch.Reasonable hours with reasonable pricing and excellent service. A great place to go to get something in your belly after a night of drinking with friends.
4	Pro: yum! I like the thin noodles, but I usually focus on the broth. I got the tonkatsu miso and it was an delicious blend of pork and chicken.Con: the wait. Also, there is no spicy version of ramen
5	Ramen house. That's exactly what this place is, no frills just Ramen with a few sides (fried rice/gyoza items on the menu) Monta is truly a place that focuses on the Ramen.  Tonight I had the Shoyu basic ramen and didn't need to add anything to it.  I'm still a Ramen newb so hearing tables next to me adding extra pork, extra noodles etc made me realize you can customize your own Ramen bowls, but just the basic Ramen as is is just fine.  This is good comfort food and beats your top ramen like during your college years. *there will be a wait and this place is small, but definitely worth it! **the hot tea comes in cans cold or hot.
4	This is where I lost my ramen virginity so I can't say if it's the best but I truly enjoyed it.There was a bit of a wait but I am told this is normal.  Its a small space and a bit noisy so don't expect a quit spot.The food was great, cheap and served fast.
2	I went here with my girl friend and her friend. I am a simple white "guy" and they are both Chinese. I not remotely a Ramen expert, but I know one thing for sure, it is made with Ramen noodles! All three of our noodle dishes (all different) were made with cheap store bought NON-ramen noodles. A very thin Chinese style noodle that I have purchased many times from such markets as 168 and 99-Ranch. The broth was "okay". Now no matter how much you might "love" this place, to call it a Ramen House is insulting! Perhaps it once was much better, but with the current noodles served, it is a Japanese flavored Chinese Noodle House at best!
4	Best Ramen Place.The only reason it gets a four star is that it's impossible to go there without waiting in line which is a deal breaker when you don't have much time. They should definitely get a little larger place.Other than that, again, best ramen I ever tasted :)
5	OMG i loved it!Best ramen Ive had in a long time! we came right before they opened and there were already some people waiting outside. I ordered the tonokatsu Ramen and it was so delicious. The broth was so rich and flavorful and the pork pieces were juicy. The addition of corn and their egg is a MUST! I will definitely be back again and again
4	Yummy!  Went straight here on a wet, rainy night after driving into Vegas from Arizona.  It was packed! Even at 9:30pm, but they were able to get the four of us in within 15-20 mins, which wasn't too bad.  I'd recommend going with one other person rather than a large group though.  The place is pretty tiny, and the smaller tables turn quicker, and you also usually have the option to sit at the bar.  I ordered the tonokatsu ramen and it was definitely worth the wait.  The soup was deep in flavor, delicious, and pork was extremely tender and yummy.  The soup was just a tad salty for me, which made me want to order more ramen (which you can do), to soak up all the yumminess.  If it were just a little less salty, I probably would have just stuck a straw in it.  I will definitely be coming back during my future visits to Vegas!
1	How do you NEGATIVE rate this place?  "Monta Japanese Noodle House was shut down by the Southern Nevada Health District after a routine inspection found 47 demerits on March 12.Violations included spoiled food, potentially hazardous food stored at improper temperatures and staff not properly washing their hands. Also among the citations, an inadequate number of hand washing sinks and ineffective pest control measures." I went here once.. And some days later they shut the place down.. HECKA gross!
5	This Vegas trip turned out great because I got the chance to try many different restaurants and Monta Ramen got me hooked on Ramen. Since I have been back to California I have tried 3 different places. I have compared them all to Monta Ramen and Monta Ramen blows everyone out of the water. There broth is so simple,yet very flavorful. There egg is cooked perfectly. Prices are very reasonable!
1	Ohh yelpers you have let me down..  I came here based on the high reviews and left disappointed (I didn't even finish my ramen).This place is super tiny & was packed!  I came when they opened and there was already a line out the door so I had high expectations.I had the:- Tonkotsu shoyu ramen (which has both pork and chicken broth). The broth was lacking.  It's salty but isn't rich.  The flavors are subtle compared to other places like Fukumimi, Daikokuya, and Men Oh Tokushima. ..and the egg in the ramen is a side option, so if you don't order it you won't get it.  The noodles were really different too.  They didn't seem like they were made from scratch.  Whatever it is, it's not what you typically have in ramen.  Also, the chaysu is pretty fatty so if you're looking to get some meat or protein in, you're almost forced to order something else.. or something else on the side!- Gyoza.  All 6 pieces were stuck together.  It really just looked like a whole bunch of frozen pieces were thrown in a pot so I wasn't too impressed - but they were YUMMY!  This place may be good, but maybe for things other than their ramen.
5	My favorite ramen spot in Vegas AND LA combined!. Been to fukumimi, daikokuya, and this place tops my list! I was told that they did close down for a bit, but they recently re-opened, not sure why they had to close down but sources told me that it can only mean 1 thing....sanitation....well you know how the saying goes, thats why they're so good...The fried rice and ramen combo are definitely worth coming here again and again.
4	Monta is located in back of Seoul Plaza.  It is easy to drive pass this plaza looking for Monta.  Look for the plaza that says MASSAGE or OZZIES.I got to try the Miso ramen and the tonkotsu ramen.  The default ramen does not come with an egg.  Both miso broth and tonkotsu broth was flavorful.  I liked the tonkotsu broth more.  The only other ramen place that I tried in Vegas is Anime ramen.  Monta is better than Anime.
4	Yes ramen after a drunken night is always good, mainly wanted the broth. My friend who lives in Vegas recommended this place as one of the better ramen places in Vegas while also informing me that it still won't be like the ones in LA haha. So sure why not?The establishment is rather small, they do have bar seats and do try their best to make the place look like an authentic ramen place. The pricing seemed fair but the bowl sizes were a bit smaller than I was use to, but whatever, because when it came out it, the broth was still delicious to me. Like many other ramen places, the menu is simple, they have pictures and which broth you would like, I went with the miso and added an egg, it didn't take long to get here and it tasted great.
5	So amazing!  We happened to hit it just right and were seated quickly.  However, be prepared to wait - but the food is definitely worth it!  The broth is so flavorful and the noodles are cooked to perfection.  I felt like I was in Tokyo again!  A definite must try!
4	Chaysu with egg and corn!That pork meat is so tender and fatty! Yes fatty! But it's delicious! Get your ramen, slurp it up, get out. Super small restaurant.
1	I have been here a few times. The first two were okay, but after continually hearing such great things about it, I decided to give it another shot. The ramen tasted like it just arrived from a 10 cent package of bulk ramen you can buy in a cheap grocery store. Maybe the chef was on vacation? Needless to say, I won't be visiting the restaurant again.
1	Guess who just reopened??  WON'T be revisiting!! LoL
4	Not bad at all.Most people came for the Ramen. but their cold noodle w/ sesame souse is quite nice.My GF if vegetarian so this was the only thing she can eat here. A little disappointed in the beginning while found out this is the only vegetarian dish on the menu. However, after the first bite it turns out very good, refreshing and flavorful. People should try it! Highly recommend! Especially during the summer month while it is melting hot at Vegas...
5	Ramen perfection! The best ramen I've had ever...and I have been to about 15 different places around the country.  All the ingredients are high quality and artfully prepared.
4	t's a really good sign when you roll into a restaurant at 10:15 PM on a Monday and there's a wait.  This place is no-nonsense.  Simple Japanese dishes served fresh and fast.  There is probably only room for maybe 40-50 people at max.  They do Ramen, fried rice, gyoza, draft beer (Asahi), and canned tea.  Tried the Tonkatsu-Shoyu Ramen, added egg, shredded green onion and a dash of shichimi it was a hardy and satisfying meal and good.All in, this bowl of ramen was only$10 and maybe less.  IBest Ramen I ever tasted, no- respectable and tasty, yes!  When you factor in the price this place probably deserves 4.5 stars, when you factor in the fact that we are in Vegas, and a small restaurant in an inconspicuous stripmall is thriving- they deserve 5-stars. I'm taking a star away for only offering canned tea.  I mean even if you don't want to do a pots of tea, a cup, microwaved hot water and a bag isn't hard or expensive, fail.  I gladly would have shelled out $2-3 for a cup of fresh hojicha, that probably had about a cost o f.14
5	My homie Lutz took us here this past weekend we were in Vegas...and he was ranting and raving about how good this spot was. He claimed it was the best he ever tasted .....and I have to admit...it was all that and then some tall dark and handsome (tribe called quest reference) hehe jk anyway "The Venue aka the Vibe"- Clean, Quaint, Accessible, to small groups...I dig the get in the face of my food and "don't bother me while i'm eating" environment! usually when you go to a huge spot with a gang of loud mouf mofos its hard to enjoy your food! but then again Japanese are loud period. "The Service"- The server made everything pleasant by being informative about the menu not great but not anything to complain about. Plus we got our food pretty quick. Considering this was officially our first real meal from our 4-5 hour trip this was a huuuuuuuge plus!"The Food"- I ordered the Tonkatus Shoyu Ramen...with extra chashu and extra flavored egg. It was definitely flavorful the broth was amazing and the noodles were soft and easy to gobble up !!!!! I was very tempted to order some more noodles but amazingly I got full pretty quick! I 've had pretty good ramen all over from Torrance to Honolulu and I must say this ranks up there....Maybe because Vegas is considered the 9th island...the local Japanese Hawaiians get it right everytime. If you're from the South Bay like I am its pretty comparable to Yamadaya and Hakata...but overall still is another one of those I would come back to Vegas to make this a first pit stop for some bomb ass Ramen yo!
5	Monta Ramen is simply the best. Excellent food and affordable prices are both a plus. Their pork ramen broth is killer good, and you can even order extra noodles if you are feeling hungry. They have additional ramen toppings for a little extra as well. The place is small so expect a wait if you come during peak hours. But overall, this place is killer.
4	We were lucky to come right before it got busy. The girl seemed a little unprofessional when serving us. This is what I call simple and authentic ramen. Nothing fancy. Just simply delicious. I can tell the work that is put into this by the flavor of the broth. That is the most important component of a bowl of ramen for me. It was rich and flavorful. I wish the noodles was a bit thicker. The thin strand is not really my favorite. Chashu was sliced to a perfect medium thickness. I love how all the components come together to make such a great bowl at an awesome price.
4	I blame Monta Ramen for my random cravings of ramen. A dish I thought people were insane to desire and stand in line for. I'm not one of those people I once judged. :( DAMN YOU Monta!The vibe here is clean and chill. Describe this place in one word is impossible. There is always a wait here. The place packs the crowd and flavors. This isn't somewhere you want to go if your party exceeds more than 5-6 people. The ramen is tasty and reasonable priced. The Kim Chee fried rice is delish! The gyoza is pretty tasty too. If you plan on headed here for some dinner and casual conversation...don't. Enjoy the dinner but take your casual conversation elsewhere because sitting their too long and not eating is just being selfish to people who also want to indulge in the warmth and tastiness of Monta Ramen!
5	This tiny shop is one of the best places in a town full of great restaurants.
4	A friend from Los Angeles recommended this ramen joint to me.  "Not the same but good enough" were his exact words comparing it to Daikokuya.  Monta Ramen is literally in the midst of other small Asian food joints in a mini-strip mall in Las Vegas' Chinatown on Spring Mountain Road.  I honestly would have not known this place existed if my friend didn't tell me  about it.  Parking was, for one, a bit limited.  I walked in to a small, maybe 6 (or 7?)  tables and the counter bar, stuffy and unventilated ramen joint.  It had the same feel of Daikokuya:  cramped and rushed.  There were people standing, waiting and blocking the door.  I was offered to sit on the bar but there was no elbow room so I stood up and told the lady I would wait for a table instead.  The wait staff are Japanese, but noticed 2 Latinos working behind the bar/kitchen with an Asian guy.  Red flag I thought but then again I saw the framed accolades from different local papers and publications honoring and awarding Monta as the Best or one of the Best in Las Vegas.   I sat down in one of the small tables and ordered their tonkatsu ramen ($6.95).   The bowls are smaller, I noticed, and they're somewhat stingy with everything, including the broth and the toppings.  I had a couple small slices of chasu, bamboo shoots, mushrooms, and green onions.  Mine didn't come with marinated boiled egg.  I come to find out that you can order the toppings for extra charge.  Really? for an egg? The broth was a bit salty to my liking, heavy and tasted like it was enriched with milk or cream, or maybe miso.  The wavy thinner noodles were somewhat seasoned too, but not overwhelmingly salty.  Their chasu, however, is to die for!  It's perfectly seasoned, cooked, caramelized and charred to my personal standards!  For that alone, I will come back and try their chasu rice bowl.  For their ramen soups?  I might try a different one the next time around, and maybe request thicker noodles.Sidenote:  Monta Ramen was shut down by the Southern Nevada Health Department in mid March 2013 for 47 demerits, but have since re-inspected and reopened.
4	This is definitely not the ramen I had in college.  The place is small so if you come here late, I imagine the wait will be long.  I got here when they opened and there's already a small line.I ordered the chicken and pork broth combo with thin noodles.  It is the best that I have eaten and will probably come back when I'm in town again.
2	Before I departed to Japan for a month, I was given an impromptu send-off party at Monta.  This came following a year of nonstop coworkers cheering about how wonderful Monta was and how it made other establishments in Vegas, particular Anime Ramen, look bad.  So needless to say, my expectations were really high.  It should be mentioned that Monta was incredibly authentic to the point where everything that I loved and hated about Japan was en-capsuled by this establishment:Too small to fit a decent crowd so there was a 45 minute wait late night on a Friday?  Check.Hard benches?Check.Tiny waiting space?Check.Completely open mail slot in the middle of December with a door that didn't close so it was incredibly drafty and wet and miserable?  Check.At some point I was actually convinced that this was their plot: Make you so hungry and cold and put-out that you would just find the food euphoric when you finally arrived.Not to mention that they were OUT of miso so anything that had miso in it was not an option.  Seriously, my favorite thing on the menu?  You're out of it??So finally managed to get to our food and the taste was great.  Broth was wonderful, noodles perfectly cooked.  Was it worth the wait?  Not reallyI just wanted to flee to Curry Zen whose attitude is blah but food is a staple for me.   I suppose that if I came a weekday afternoon and had a casual bowl I would had a different experience then it would have been fine.  But I shouldn't have to wait for a chance time to have a pleasant experience.
5	Near perfect hangover food. Even sober, I kinda can't believe how good this place is given what they're charging. 2 bowls ramen, gyoza, and large bowl pork belly over rice was like $35 - what?
5	This place is a japanese Ramen Noodle Bar. I have no idea what the hell kind of customer service people expect from a damn noodle bar. I expect food that is delicious, which this place is, a decent price, which Monta is a little on the pricer for it's product type, but not for it's quality, and food that is fast, which Monta is as well.If you go get the fried rice, and the ramen, any kind. That's all I have to say. I'm pretty sure I've eaten more food than you, if anything at least more calories, so just trust me when I say go here and eat!
4	I used to wonder how people could get excited about Ramen.  To me it was a perfectly serviceable bowl of protein, carbs and veg.  Now that I've discovered Monta I know what I was missing.  We've been 3 times in the last month and it's turned into something I CRAVE.  I go for the Shoyu Ramen with corn (I like the extra crunch it brings) and a side of kimchi is a must.  I know they're just pulling it out of a big jar but whatever brand of kimchi is in that big jar it's darned delicious!  We've had to wait a couple of times but on this last visit at about 5pm on a Saturday we walked right in.  Love the vibe...small, bustling, feels like Tokyo!
5	This is my favorite ramen shop.  I am so glad they're now in Henderson.
5	As good as Ramen can be.  Simple menu.  The server was adorable.  Cool interior design.  A high end chef recommended we eat here when asked where to eat great food without spending a ton.Fried rice surprisingly good.
3	This place is ok. The venue is small and the wait is long. You literally have to be there when they open which is around 1100 to not wait in line. Anime Ramen is a better choice than Monta Ramen. They have more food choices.
4	The only reason why Im giving this as 4 star due to the space it has. But I also realize japanese ramen houses are very similiar. But yes I love the tonkatsu and man let me tell you. This i feel is one of the authentic kinds of ramen places in Las Vegas. I love it so much i can wait over an hour for it. :) I have not tried other recipes.
3	Alright, just stopped in about a week ago to check out Monta after they were shut down a little while back.The service was considerably slower now.  We had to wave them down just to order, and the food took waaaay longer than it used to....Probably due to them having much more strict food prep and storage, but it took a lot longer now than it ever used to be for everything.But the biggest disappointment was the ramen itself.  This used to be my favorite bowl in town, but something changed....for the worse.Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen with butter and corn :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#q5T-X6g2S1AzgJT4FT0VrgIt tastes a lot more "instant" now and the broth doesn't have that same depth that used to drive me crazy.  I even added butter and corn, and it still wasn't as flavorful as the other big dogs in town.  Don't get me wrong, it's not a bad Ramen, but it isn't notable anymore to me.Pre-shut down, this place was great.  Now, I doubt I will be coming back anytime soon.
3	There is quite a bit of wait so try to come early. We ordered the Tonkatsu-Shoyu ramen with the Pork belly rice bowl. The ramen was okay - I wasn't a big fan of the broth. The pork was fatty compared to other ramen places.The pork belly bowl was really good though. Tender pork belly, but not too fatty. I would come back for the pork belly bowl.
5	This place is a little bit of heaven in a bowl!  The menu is simple.  I love the Shoyu ramen.  The broth is perfect, no need to alter it with the additives that are offered on the tables, just perfect. The tonkatsu is a little bit to fatty for my tastes its almost like you can taste the lard.  The only thing that could make this spot better would be a frequent fliers card!
4	Monta Ramen, you have yet to be dethroned as my number 1 ramen joint. If only you did not have 1-2 hours waiting time, you and I can get married.  Check out my Monta Ramen (Hakata) vs Ramen Sora (Sapporo) review here: http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=b_9bJ2YjHbbvAob56f6U7AWant to see some food porn?http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?select=z3vvY8VjBgwYjTi_uNYjtg#LpKw1AurwdwET8QrRRONgwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?select=z3vvY8VjBgwYjTi_uNYjtg#m4yXnNO5Vc6iK6pNgUKqOA
3	I chose this place base on the high ratings. I enjoyed the simplicity of the place. I liked their approach of keeping things simple.  I liked that they created a warm and friendly atmosphere.  The level of customer service is definitely high at Monta Ramen.  The wait staff is well trained and are very alert to what is taking place around the restaurant.  Unfortunately, the ramen is not up to par.  Instead of a slightly thicker and more al dente bowl of noodles, my was softer and more closely resembled the thinner egg noodles one might find in Cantonese soup noodle entrees. The noodles lacked "bite" and did not create much of the "slurping factor".  It is really too bad because the broth was decent.  The pork belly was good and the other ingredients were good.  The main attraction, however, was a bit "flat".  I did not feel going to the restaurant was worth the close to $30 round trip taxi fair I paid to/from my hotel.  I was going to rate Monta Ramen 2 stars, but the excellent service saved it from going to 2 stars.
4	On my last trip to Vegas, I finally got to eat at the legendary Monta Ramen.  This place has been on my "to do" list since I lived here 3 yrs ago.  I've tried at least a dozen times to go, but because this place is so small, the wait is usually very long and I'm not patient enough to wait in a long line for Ramen.  However, this past trip we went at a great time in-between lunch/dinner when there was no wait list.I ordered:Small Fried Rice, $3.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?select=w5AX4KwSXtzmxSEt-vej8g#w5AX4KwSXtzmxSEt-vej8ghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?select=391aM_l0lDis4oAtZPcTaw#391aM_l0lDis4oAtZPcTawTonkotsu Shoyu Ramen, $7.25http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?select=cMExaL7ebqN31EuREScnlg#cMExaL7ebqN31EuREScnlghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?select=g152vHdE64gsXDp65vDoGg#g152vHdE64gsXDp65vDoGgMiso Ramen (no meat), $7.25http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?select=N4jGhfIm1nN5oyNe0EwrIQ#N4jGhfIm1nN5oyNe0EwrIQThe portions here are much smaller than other Ramen places I've been to.  If you're accustomed to the large portions in So Cal Ramen joints, be warned that the portions here is about 3/4 those portions.  The Fried Rice was very good and hit the spot.  The Ramen was very good, full of flavor.  I had the Veggie Miso Ramen and it was awesome.  The Better Half had the Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen and she thoroughly enjoyed it as well.Other notes:  They make the Ramen fresh to order, so it's a bit of a wait.  There's also counter seating available for convenience.  We sat at the counter and watched them make the dishes....pretty cool.Did it live up to the hype?  It met my expectations and was definitely 4 Stars in my opinion.Return Factor - 80%
3	I could have sworn I wrote a review for Monta a long time ago. I would have sworn incorrectly.I think most peoples' initial impression of Monta is "why is there a line outside?" and then they peek in and think, "why didn't they just rent a bigger space?" Luckily, their turnaround time is good. You're usually in with reasonable waiting. It is tiny, though. Be prepared.The ramen itself is just fine. I think I'll call it "starter ramen." It's not special in any category. It's ramen. Its reliable. You can customize it a bit. You can order surprisingly good fried rice! I am a huge fan of the takana variety. I don't know why. I also almost always ask for low sodium in the broth. That's right! It isn't pre-made that way. Everyone, including myself, is often shocked at this.There is a healthy serving of noodles so you're basically guaranteed not to be hungry when you leave. If you are, just get some gyoza and you're set. Nice and crispy. They're not fresh or anything, but they work.Hey, if you're in Henderson, don't even bother. Just go to their new younger brother/sister - Monta Chaya. It's better anyway for shallow reasons.
4	One of the best ramen places in town. The wait is long at peak times but it's worth it. They use a pork-based broth, not dashi. If you hate dashi-based ramen, you'll like this place. It's a very hard-to-describe flavor. It's very flavorful and savory, and the noodles are perfect. The pork was also good to nibble on. I also tried the stir fried rice. Pretty decent but too many scallions for my liking. I liked it better than Hana Ichimonme in Los Angeles but I admit that could be also due to it being 5 months since I ate there.
4	a must visit late night food spot in Vegas. You will love their ramen especially when you come here after drinking and party. But the ramen itself is pretty delicious, too.
5	I must say, hands down, THE BEST ramen in Las Vegas. Although the place is pretty small and the wait list does get long during busy hours, I'd say all off those are worth the hassle for a bowl of monta noodles. The menu is small, but everything i've tried so far has been delicious. They serve the food in a good amount of time too. I highly recommend this place for anyone who loves ramen :]
4	Was looking for a ramen fix that hasn't been satisfied since a trip to NYC's Totto Ramen.  This place was a good fix, though incomparable to Totto.  Came here during Sunday lunch and had a 30 minute wait in the small shop that probably seats 30.  Service was fairly quick, got my food within 5 minutes of ordering.  Fried rice was really good, would definitely get again.  Got the ramen with thick noodles- thanks fellow yelpers for the recommendation.  The thick noodles are the normal size at other restaurants- nice and chewy.  Broth was good but not as creamy as other places I've been to.  Wished the pork slices were smoked like at Totto, would have added to the flavor.
5	The first taste of my Shoyu ramen and I had to pause... it took me back to the days when my wife and I were living in Okinawa. it's been 8 years since we were on the island and up until now... we haven't found any ramen close to what we had experienced while in Japan Las Vegas... you are lucky to have this little jewel of a restaurant in your town.  You won't find anything close to Monta's here in Phoenix.  So jealous!  Great food.. warm, friendly atmosphere.  It's not a big place... maybe seats 30 if that.  You might have to wait for a table or a chair at the bar... but... it's worth it.Can't wait to go back!!
4	I came on a Saturday around 11:30.  its a tiny little place so where was already a line.  We had to wait about 15-20 minutes for 2 seats at the counter.  It was worth the wait!The Service ---The service is fine.  Took our order quickly, food came out quickly and brought our check as soon as we were done.  Exactly what you need in a tiny restaurant like that.The Food ---We had the miso ramen, Tonkatsu ramen and pork belly bowl.  Tonkatsu ramen was definitely better than the miso.  It had more flavor.  Get the skinny noodles!  They were cooked perfectly.  Not too hard like most places.  The pork belly bowl was pretty delicious as well.  The best part was that they had this garlic sauce that you could put in your ramen.  Literally put 2 heaping spoonfuls.  Mmm mmmmmm!!!The Prices ---The ramen was about $7 each and the pork belly bowl was $5.75.  What a steal!!I wish there was one in LA so I could eat it more often!
3	Pretty good chahan. Gyoza is definitely not as pungent as most versions, but decent nonetheless. Now, the reason we came here was for the ramen. My shoyu ramen was only a slight step above your run of the mill Sapporo Ichiban packaged ramen, with a less than spectacular chasshu. The tonkotsu was a bit more flavorful, but both broths were left unfinished by me and my friend. I hope to try Sora Ramen (Sapporo style ramen) down the street from Monta, and another joint close by. We were drawn in by the good reviews, but left with our own less than glowing opinion of those reviews.
3	I eat low carb, so I don't eat noodles, but I crave ramen broth with all the meat and vegetables.  Service is no nonsense...they want to turn their tables over ASAP since it is small but popular place...even on a Monday around 6 PM it was fairly pack and by the time we were leaving there were 3 or 4 groups of diners waiting.  However, still, I guess they were nice.  When I asked for a soup without noodles, I confused the waitress and she brought me a bowl of just plain tonkatsu broth...no meat, no vegetables.  I was a little confused and thought is was additional broth for my husband's ramen. I ask the other waitress and in a few minutes she brought me the correct order, but mentioned what seemed obvious to me that it would be the same price with or without noodles. The tonkatsu broth was rich in texture and deep with flavor and shows quality, time, and care in preparation. I loved it.  However, in comparison to Sora, I like Sora's broth just slightly better maybe because it was just a touch lighter in texture and flavor. Monta's didn't put nearly the amount of pork that Sora does. I do sample the noodles and I prefer Sora's noodles; they are sort of springy and light, Monta's were a little heavier.   My husband who eats ramen the normal way, also prefers Sora.I guess, I like Sora's style of ramen soup better, but it is purely just a preference, and both are very good.
5	Went to try this place based on the Yelp reviews.  What a great find.  The location is tiny, but the food is wonderful.  Noodles were cook perfectly, and the broth was hot and flavorful.  I wish we had a place like this in Dallas.
4	Judging by the constant lines and Japanese clientele, this place is legit. And because it's seemingly authentic, vegetarian ramen is a mere fantasy here. All ramen options are pork-based. While not a place for vegetarians, Monta is a great spot for a hangover cure after too much partying. The consensus from my carniovore/omnivore buddies was that the broths were tasty but a tad too salty towards the end. One friend observed a person eating rice on the side with his/her ramen, perhaps a good solution to the saltiness.Because I didn't have a non-meat option for soup, I got two bowls of the mentaiko on rice instead. Mentaiko atop rice is nowhere near as tasty as the noodle version. Also, butter seemed to missing from the fish egg mixture. I probably won't order this again if I return. The vegetable gyozas are probably worth trying, though.Service is pretty good for such a fast-paced dining environment; the staff really know how to manage lines and to keep things moving along without being rude or giving you the impression that you were being kicked out. I'd definitely recommend this to any person looking for a soothing soup after a night of endless drinks.
3	Is it me or this place is overrated? I guess it's me since 700+ ppl seems to like it, and my friends thought the ramen are amazing too. Maybe there was something wrong with me or my pallet that day. Good thing we got there early enough to avoid the long line during lunch hour on a Friday afternoon. Just got off the plane, I was super hungry and ready for some yummy ramen. I got the tonkotsu ramen and one of my friend got the miso ramen. I tried her and it's very similar to mines except for one thing, she added extra butter. This make the broth super rich and I can't see myself finishing it after a few bite if that was my noodle...too much. My ramen was super salty that it makes me super dehydrated. My favorite part of soup is always the broth, and if the broth is too much for me to handle, there's no point of eating it. The pork though, on the other hand was very tender and delicious. I'll give it another try when I go back to Vegas, just because I love ramen that much. Ramen: around $7/bowl (not too bad). It's a pretty good size too.
4	Best ramen in town!This intimate little gem was once a hidden secret. Hard to spot off the busy street, tucked away back in a tiny shopping center. Now this booming ramen shop is busier than ever, and the ramen is still top of its game.  Offering quick and cheap eats, this menu may be small, but there is nothing small about the taste. Kimchee fried rice is a must. Monta offers 4 different broths, numerous toppings as well as sides and like gyoza, fried rices, bowls, etc. Definitely one of my favs
4	I've been a regular at Monta for a few years now.I recommened the Tonkotsu or the Tonkotsu-shoyu.I really enjoy the Tonkotsu broth.I like to order extra Chashu pork along with ni-tamago (boiled egg).Montas Ramen noodles are good also,not like some other places that seem like they busted the noodles out of a package(Not that I think all packaged Ramen is bad).So if you want to try out Ramen for the first time or you just want good ramen ,I recommend Monta.Oishi!
4	Best ramen in town, fried rice is off the chin chain, only thing is that it's a real small spot.
5	The only other ramen joint that stands in Monta's way is Daikokuya in Los Angeles. So that says a lot about Monta :) I absolutely love the tonkatsu ramen they have! Monta practically became my go to place to get my ramen fix. I felt terrified when I heard they had health code violations but glad they quickly solved the issues and reopened! They always have had great service and decently priced items on their menu.
4	Monta has so much hype because of Food Network. I know the majority of the time it is packed and waits are long so I only recently got to try the ramen here. I got gyoza as an appetizer and I can confidently say that this is the best gyoza I've ever tried. Really good stuff and I get gyoza quite often. My ramen was pretty good. The broth was good and the noodles cooked nicely. No complaints really but I expected a little more because of the hype. I personally prefer the Ramen Sora broth but I understand why so many come to Monta.
5	Why am I rating this? Obviously it's a spit in the pool with all these other ratings. I want to right the wrong, four stars are not good enough for this place. Is the food five star? No, it's four star. The service, is it five star? No, it's three and a half stars. So why argue? Because for a lunch, you get something fantastic, delicious, full of umami and soooooo affordable. That, my friends, is a five star experience. I challenge you to find a better meal at double the price. And that's why there's a line out the door every lunch
5	Love this place. I truly can't get enough. It's super tiny, which I think adds to its sheer brilliance. Cooked to order in mere minutes, the ramen is brilliant. The flavors are clear, portions massive and price is ridiculously inexpensive!! Less than $7 a bowl!The servers are super nice and attentive and they've always got a sweet playlist going that really sets the mood. I'll be back over and over and over again.
4	Eating Ramen while it's 106 degree heat? Yup, it definitely was the first experience of that. For some weird reason I was craving for some ramen in the middle of night, so decided to give it a shot before leaving Vegas.Ordered:1 Shoyu Ramen (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=S6GjWA8YTXDsJVdXtLUM6A&userid=xRbBt5MVKZ5-_8HhhfI26g) - for those who don't eat pork, this bowl is the way to go!  Chicken based soup that's not too salty and not greasy. The noodles were cooked perfectly, which is always a +.  The only tiny thing they could probably improve on is to have the egg yolk more runny. 2. Fried Rice (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=EQy8G0ot2T5Vj1nQyFUtAA&userid=xRbBt5MVKZ5-_8HhhfI26g) - very good fried rice, yummy tasting, delicious, fatty, but not sure if it's one of the best I've ever had like other review said. Would definitely return again on a non-summer day!Tip: Be prepare to wait cause the long can be long!
5	For what this place is, it is the best of Vegas!Staff is friendly.Food is yummy for ramen (only thing better is buying some ramen at the supermarket 10 for $1!)Some great soups for a cold Vegas summer night!
4	I figured I had to try Monta Ramen since it has been considered to be one of the best in Vegas.  It wasn't too crowded when I came by, so my experience went by pretty quick as they were fast to bring out my ramen.Based on the waitress recommendation I went with their Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen --  http://bit.ly/ZgoKXEI went really simple with this and figured if they can get this right, then everything else should be good.  It was pretty good ramen.  Not really the best I've had though, but still good enough to be very comforting and filling.I'll have to pay another visit to Monta Ramen again in the future  I'd love to try their rice dishes and all their other hot dishes.  I'll be looking forward to it!
3	A decent ramen place.  The miso base I got was just too salty for me, and they charge for eggs to be put in the soup.  You can get a tastier and cheaper ramen at Ramen Sora down the street.  Don't really see the huge hype about this place.  It won't be my first choice for ramen.
4	Purpose of visit: light lunch in anticipation of a big dinner later that night. Ordered a bowl of TonkoTsu ramen with Gyoza And an egg omelette. Service was quick and efficient. We got lucky and were seated before the crowd showed up.usually a wait to sit down in the small restaurant. Ramen flavor was good. Portion was just right for a light lunch. Solid place and very reasonably priced.
5	Honestly best hole on the wall place in Las Vegas. Not expensive at all. A little wait since the place is always packed. The Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen to die for! The broth is rightly season and the pork belly?! Orgasmic! $6.95 fo those noodles? Better than going to Asian Town in LA.
5	My favorite spot for ramen in LV. Just be prepared for a really long wait, even at 10:30p.The Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen is great, along with our favorite side of Pork Belly Fried Rice.
4	I figured this place deserved an update after reading my first short and irrelevant review.Yes, this place is still the best ramen house in Vegas. Y U STILL NO GIVE 5 STARS?!?! Monta is extremely successful and always busy lately. However, they're still stuck in the same small cramped place. Opening a new Monta location would really mitigate the wait time. I also feel that service is a hit and miss (not that its ever been bad, just sometimes its not great.) Now here's the best part about Monta: the flavors here are delicious! The four ramen flavors they sell here are Tonkotsu, Shoyu, Tonkotsu-Shoyu, and Miso. Personally, my favorites are Tonkotsu and Tonkotsu-Shoyu. I love the texture of the thin noodles from the Tonkotsu ramen and sometimes I'm up for the fatty cloudy broth of Tonkotsu, but sometimes I want something a little lighter so I order the Tonkotsu-Shoyu. Most my friends enjoy the thick noodles so they order the Shoyu or Miso. My recommendation is to order Tonkotsu with kimchi. I feel like the pickled taste of kimchi cuts through the thick taste of Tonkotsu ramen nicely so you get lots of flavor of savory and a little sour from the kimchi. Also try some sesame seeds to get a little nutty taste too!If you've never had a bowl of authentic ramen, I HIGHLY recommend coming to Monta. If you are a ramen fanatic, I would say this place definitely satisfies the ramen craving. Happy eats!
4	First time having ramen and this place was a great introduction!  I ordered the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen with the nitamago (seasoned hard-boiled egg) and double corn.  Delicious.  The broth was not salty, the noodles were perfectly cooked, and the corn and egg complimented the dish.  My companions ordered Kimchi and I've only had Kimchi once before and did not like it; however, the Kimchi at this place was quite yummy. We also ordered the Pork Belly Bowl - also wonderful.  The only complaint I have about Monta Ramen is that it's is a small restaurant.  I think there were only 7 tables and then the space at the bar.  We came at a decent time so we didn't have to wait too long to be seated. I'd definitely come again!
5	A Vegas institution. Delighted that I discovered it early on, as it's tough to get in these days. Completely addicted to their miso ramen. I once went there straight from the airport after spending a month traveling in South America -- I didn't even drop my suitcase off at home first! This is not a place to linger over a meal, as they try to turn tables quite quickly, but there are plenty of other places nearby where you can get coffee and linger. Fantastic food and very consistent. Limited menu and just some beer and wine, so if you are looking for other items beside miso, some fried rice and some appetizers, I wouldn't choose Monta. However, for the best miso soup in town: Monta all the way. I am so hooked on their food that sometimes I go there twice a week. -- even if I happen to be on the other side of town. Highly recommended.
3	saw this place on yelp and had to stop by for some hungover ramen! i ordered the tonkotsu shoyu ramen and takana fried rice based on the waitress's recommendation and yelp tips.the ramen was sooo sooo.  i had couple sips of the broth before concluding that it just tastes like salt water.. it wasn't savory at all--- (though i wonder if it's because all the drinking in vegas had obliterated my taste buds) the cha sui was awesome though! that buttery fatty goodness!i really enjoyed the takana fried rice!  it had that interesting taste from the diced peppers-- i couldn't taste the mustard though....  anywho, it was quite delicious.  all in all, i would return again.  ramen after drinking is too damn satisfying.
4	Interested what a bowl of ramen taste like instead of a cup O noodle soup . The best ramen in all of Las Vegas . Only 4 stars though because if your the waitress and you see ten people with bowed heads saying grace before the meal wait till we're done dont yell out " ramen ramen ramen" have some respect.
5	Monta Ramen is the best is Vegas. Hands down. I've searched around to see if any Vegas ramen joints are better and the answer is a resounding no.The tonkotsu broth simply can't be beat, and the chasu pork atop the ramen is the most tender I've found. I typically add the corn and the hard-boiled egg (nitamago). If you're in the mood for more than just ramen, the kimchi fried rice and the potstickers are both excellent starters.This place gets crowded. Like, insanely crowded. Line out the door. If you're planning to stop by for lunch, you better be waiting outside before they open at 11:30am. But even if you do have to wait for a table or a counter seat, trust me, it will be worth it.
4	Omg, what a great idea to come after a night of hard partying at EDC. My friend found Monta Ramen on Yelp, and once our whole crew woke up from drunken slumber, we hopped in our car and headed straight for ramen!!I ordered the Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen which is the most popular and also the Takana friend rice. The soup for the Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen was a little bit salty, but the pork was the best thing ever. Wow, it is so tender and tasty, totally worth it- just don't finish the soup. I wish there were more pieces in my ramen, but you can always add more! Also, as recommended by our waitress, the Takana friend rice is a must. It was really delicious and I wish my stomach would have let me eat more. Overall, Monta Ramen is a cute little ramen place in the Chinatown/ asia food area off the strip. The food is decent, great for hangovers and the service is also really friendly. Although where we sat is spacious, this place gets super packed. Prepare yourself for a wait because the restaurant is small and can only accommodate a few tables / seating at the bar at a time.
4	If you are craving ramen in vegas and have a car, this is the place to get it.  It def hits the spot when you are hungover.i'll give it 4 stars for vegas ramen...although it doesnt come close to the ramen in cali ;)
5	Favorite Ramen noodle place!! Real Japanese style and flavor. Expect a wait but it's worth it!!
5	I work at a business where about 30% of the employees are japanese folks, and when I asked "Hey what's the deal with all these ramen places? I had ramen in college and it was not a thing I would like... go out to eat for." I was promptly  A) mocked, as is right and proper, and then B), informed I needed to go to Monta, order the tonkotsu shoyu ramen, and then report back.It was sort of a life changing experience.Pros:- The ramen is soooo goood. I crave it now. Its silky and rich and somehow creamy and succulent and like everything chicken soup ever dreams of being, but it's got pork in it and....auuuhgh....want.- The price is right. Two bowls of ramen, 2 asahi, about $20. That's a date night right there.- Once you get a seat, service is fast, and all the servers are super nice.- Menu had everything spelled out for a ramen-noob rather than making me guess.Cons:- The wait to get seated can be kind of a bummer sometimes, but on a cool winter night, it almost just whets the appetite.- The tonkotsu shoyu is so good I haven't had the heart to try anything new on the menu. I should probably rectify that.Overall:I just convinced myself I need ramen for dinner.
4	My husband and I are ramen snobs for sure, and this place was amazing.  One star short of 5 because they didn't have a straight chicken ramen.  Yeah, I know it's not traditional, but we're from L.A. and my husband is spoiled.  The tonkotsu is fabulous, and pairing with an icy cold Asahi made it even more so.  A tiny joint in Chinatown that is way worth the trip off the Strip - you'll spend less for dinner for two here than you will for one lousy drink at a Strip casino!
3	I went on the wrong day, it was hot and the wait was long, staff was nice though. and ramen was descent, totally Kaedama-ed it. went to Japanese Zen afterward for laters dinner which was awesome. and since found Fukumimi where i dine often.
2	HOT! Not sure if their air conditioner is normally off, but it was 94 degrees inside! Hot room with hot ramen is not a good combination. The noodles my husband got were salty. Mine were...ehh. I could have done better with a cheap pack of noodles at home and a few eggs.For $42, not worth it- just for NOODLES!
5	Yummy is all I have too say!!! Down side, it's always packed... But once you get in and sit down, everything is snappy!!! Like a cook on crack!!!
5	I've had all types of ramen--and i still love this place.The broth is light yet filling and the noodles are fresh. It's worth the wait. Definitely get the tonkotsu broth and I always get extra meat, seaweed, and egg~Just keep in mind that its a tiny place, hard to find parking, and you'll be in line, depending on what time, for at least 30+ minutes
3	The ramen is good, but the selection is not. They only have fatty pork... Im a beef eater.
5	This tiny little hole in the wall, is one of Vegas's best kept secrets! It's a absolute MUST, especially during the cooler months. They not only have bomb-ass ramen, but make one of the best kimchi fried rice!!!! Mmmmm yum yum yum! One of my top 5 restaurants in Vegas!
5	It's all about the pork belly. Doesn't matter if you get the ramen or the rice bowl. Get as much of that delicious, addictive pork belly as you can. While you sit at home, sloshing around to the realization that you ate way too much, the memories of the pork belly will come back, and suddenly you are blissfully at peace.
3	This place ROX ! The ramen was so good and flavorful but sometimes the ramen comes lukewarm. Maybe because there are too many people sometimes ?
4	I really enjoy coming here when i can. Tonkotsu ramen with extra Tonkotsu. always leave with a very satisfied stomach. Typical ramen prices, great ambience, despite how small the place is, but i still don't mind how busy and loud it can get. Simple, short review for a great ramen house.
5	Got the Tonkotsu Ramen and the Pork Belly Bowl after looking at Yelp. Thank god I did. To reiterate a review I read, the pork belly was the highlight of the meal. I'm usually not the biggest fan of pork but this dish was insanely good. Salty, sweet, savory. It was absolutely delicious. Ramen was good, the broth was a little too salty for me. But the noodles were the perfect consistency and the pickled radish on the side was a good garnish. The meat was really tender with the noodles. Overall, wait was a little long but it's understood with the seating capacity, ramen was very good, but the PORK BELLY made this a 5 star for me. tl;dr: Get the Pork Belly. That's all.
5	BEST RAMEN EVERRRRRRRRRRget the Tonkotsu Ramen (the middle picture) with THICK noodles, it will not disappoint you. I love the chili oil to give that extra spice. I wish they open a monta in OC because there's none here that can compare. I make sure I make time for monta when I'm in town. Don't go in big groups because this place is so small!
5	Their tonkotsu ramen was really good. The broth was perfect; the pork was melt-in-your-mouth fatty.  It was so good, that before we ended our Vegas trip we returned again.  We tried the tonkotsu shoyu ramen and pork belly.  Both visits we ordered kimchee on the side and it was good too...not spicy, just refreshing enough to accompany the richness of the pork and broth.
1	The first few times I came here, I would have given it 4/5 stars. This review is based on my most recent visit.Monta closed down after failing a health inspection, but opened back up promptly after. I waited a week or so before coming back, but was eager to get my ramen fix. The wait time was the usual, maybe 20-25 minutes for dinner time on a weekend. We usually order the Tonkatsu ramen because we don't like how salty the other ones can be. This time, it was very salty, and the ramen might have been a bit overcooked. My boyfriend and I left disappointed with our meal, but we were even more unhappy after getting home.We didn't have a problem the last handful of times we ate here, but this left us weary of coming back. Maybe we will visit again soon and this review will change, but for now I give it 1/5 stars.
2	I wanted so much to love this place based on the reviews. Surprisingly the best thing we had here was the char su rice bowl which was awesome. The ramen itself was just way too salty to the point it was barely edible. Friendly and great service otherwise but I hope there is better in vegas
4	Ramen is delicious.  Thumbs up!
5	Best noodles in Vegas! Eat here, you will not be disappointed.
5	I'm not sure what else I can add that won't echo the other 700+ reviews listed for Monta, but the legitimacy of the food here can be proven by the 30+ minute wait in the dead heat of a Vegas summer.Monta is tiny and maybe seats about 50 people-pretty sure the max occupancy sign inside the restaurant said 70, but they'd be pushing it. The service is quick and no frills but friendly. The menu is simple-there are four types of ramen and a variety of appetizers and alternative dishes like kimchi fried rice, gyoza, cold noodles and a pork belly bowl. Ramen comes with add ons like seasoned egg (SO GOOD), mustard greens, scallions, extra pork belly, corn and butter. The broths are rich and flavorful and it's hard for me to pinpoint a favorite, but if I had to pick the tonkotsu-shoyu would probably be it. The noodles have that perfect ramen texture-chewy and slurpy, in a good way!Because of the size of the space, it can be an intimate dining experience with complete strangers particularly if you sit at the bar. But it's also one of those places that solo dining isn't awkward and can actually be to your benefit when there is a line out the door.Monta is your spot for legit ramen with no pretense!
5	Love the noodles.  Best ramen I've had.  The pork belly is also excellent.  You can't really go wrong.  Yes, it is small and yes there will be a line, but it is worth it.
5	Amazing noodles!!! Love the miso ramen ... Added seaweed and flavored egg! Yum!  Order the pork belly bowl too!
3	According to Yelp, Monta appears to be the most popular ramen joint in Vegas. If this place were relocated to Little Tokyo in DTLA, Sawtelle Blvd. or Gardena/Torrance, I doubt it would even make the mid-tier.Hits:* Mildly impressed by the Tonkotsu ramen -- the broth was greasy and creamy, but not completely full-bodied... definitely not worth the half hour wait and hype* Ramen is cheap (~$7), since the portion sizes are small -- if you're still craving more noodles, add another serving for $1.50* Order the overpriced hot green tea ($3) and you'll be amazed that the aluminum can is still hot... Apparently the Japanese vending machine keeps the can warm* The servers are good about splitting the check, and you can pay with cardLessons Learned:* Why are all ramen restaurants so tiny?? This place can seat 20 at a time, and does not easily accommodate to parties larger than 4 (my party of 6 barely fit at the bar counter)* Prepare to wait -- we waited half an hour coming here at 5p on a Monday night* While the waitress was nice, she seemed really distracted -- In between taking my friend's order, she rushed into the kitchen and then came back 5 minutes later to resume taking down his order... weird* The ajitama ($1 for half an egg -.-) is not included and was slightly overcooked.. lame!* I think there was one Japanese chef in the show kitchen -- the rest were Latino/a ... reminded me of Tatsu RamenI think I'll stick to pho when I'm in Vegas from now on.
4	I've heard very good things about Monta. The wait was pretty long because it's a pretty small place but it was worth it. I got the Miso ramen and it was pretty good but too salty for me. Next time I go I'll be sure to try a different one.
5	Excellent!!! Small menu but perfect selection and very good prices!  You almost always have to wait to be seated. Very small but worth the wait. Once you sit...very quick and friendly service!  A must!!!
4	Ramen houses are great and it's nice to see this one.  One of best I've been too.  The soup stock is amazing and I tried them all.  I like the Tonkotsu and the Shio ones the best.  Toppings are nice and fresh.  Prices are cheap.  You can tell that this is a good place since there is always a line outside.  They do have limited seating, but seem to deliver the food quickly.  Every time I'm in Vegas, I make it here despite all the other ramen choices.
5	Delicious! I love ramen even when it's 105 F. Went around 12PM there was about at 10 minute wait. I didn't mind because I read reviews that there was always a line. Sat at the bar and watch the chefs prep and cook. They were extremely busy and it never slowed down. The broth was balanced and flavorful and noodles cooked perfectly. I will be back next time I am in Vegas! A must go if you're in the area!
4	Small hole in the wall place, worth searching for. Limited menu, awesome place if you're craving for ramen.  Small menu, very reasonable.  every time I've been there I had to wait about 15 min.worth the wait
5	What else can I say that hasn't been said yet? Yes, the wait is usually long. Yes, it is a small restaurant. And mostly yes, the amazing food makes up for all of that!!!!! First timers DO NOT be turned off by the first impression. It is worth it all I it!!!!!
3	Yumm! The Tonkatsu broth is definitely worth trying. I recently relocated to Las Vegas from Northern California and the first craving I had to fulfill was for ramen. Monta Ramen definitely hit the spot!BE WARNED: They're a bit inconsistent with their soup unfortunately. The first few times were delicious, but the last two times we have gone it was wayy too salty! I could feel the salt burning the back of my throat.
3	I tried this place out because my friends frequent this place especially during Saturday mornings after pick up basketball. Anyway, I had the Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen and the Chasu Pork Bowl. I'm not a food critic in any way but comparing it to Sora, I can notice a lot of differences. One is well Sora doesn't have Tonkotsu Shoyu in the menu. But with Monta's serving I was quite disappointed. The broth felt greasy and almost instantly left a line of fat/grease on my lips. Although it is good, certain people don't like that feeling when eating. It is creamy and rich but Minus points on the grease. The pork on the Ramen Bowl is only one slice hidden behind bamboo shoots and mushrooms. If I didn't dig through the bowl I wouldn't have even found it. The noodles were okay, but it felt like as if they were just about cooked when the chef took it out from the pot. It felt as if it needed about a minute more in cooking. The server was very nice, refilling our water glasses almost every time we downed a glass. So fast it felt like she was on a mission. The Chasu Bowl was very good however, the shredded Nori on top was surprising and the meat was tender and tasty. It was sweet on the outside part of the cut just how Chasu should taste like. I wasn't blown away by the food but it was a good meal for a hungry man like me. I'd give Monta a second try but probably would not be my go-to Ramen joint.
4	I love eating here. Whenever I'm craving Ramen, I know to hit up Monta. Their place is rather small and it's quite popular, so if they could just get another bigger location or something, it would be perfect. Sometimes there's a long wait, so it's a hassle to sit outside in the heat, but once we're in, and we have our food, it's all worth it! The food is inexpensive and delicious! I only want to also add that if your order is less than $10 or something, you cannot use your card, which was a huge inconvenience for me twice when I went.
5	Kinda stumbled into this place after a massage. Super packed when we walked in, but we were seated right away at the bar. Service was quick and prompt. Menu was small which allows you to make a quick choice. Husband and I both ordered fried rice. His was the Kimchi, mine was the T-something fried rice (with mustard greens, yum!). We both enjoyed our food very much and it came out pretty quick. I definitely recommend if you are looking for noodles...if you are low carb, there aren't many options for you. Wish we could have tried the Ramen, too. It looked delicious!
4	I want to start by subtracting the one star because the restaurant was uncomfortably hot - at least where I was seated, it was. I was at the end of the bar practically inside the kitchen. There was a wait, as usual, but as usual, the wait is worth it. I brought a ramen enthusiast friend from out of town. He ordered the tonkatsu shoyu ramen with egg and I ordered the tonkatsu ramen with mustard greens. We also split an order of the pork belly over rice. LET ME TELL YOU. This pork belly over rice was so silky and delicious that I didn't want my ramen anymore. I didn't even need the pork belly. The oils and the flavors of the pork just sinks into the rice and the rice alone is OUT OF THIS WORLD. The ramen is no joke either. The texture of the noodles stays perfect throughout the entire meal. They don't become so bloated with soup that they turn into mush. I hate mushy noodles. My friend ate his entire ramen bowl down to the last drop of soup! Now heed this warning: The portion sizes are not of America! If you think you are going to get this huge bowl of unfinishable noodles and broth, YOU'RE A GLUTTON. The portion size is just right and leaves you with JUST enough room for you to share an appetizer and have a cup of tea. This isn't the type of place for socializing. Eat your noodles and GTFO so that all of the other hopeful patrons can share a piece of the heaven that you have just experienced.
4	Best ramen spot in Vegas. The restaurant is small but that's what I like about it. The food is really good. I always get the miso ramen with thin noodles,corn and nitamago "soft boiled egg". Also the gyoza is really good. If your looking for a great local Asian spot this is for you.
4	Solid ramen joint. Small place away from the Vegas Strip (you'll need to cab it). Two kinds of noodles - if you're looking for the standard noodle, it's the bigger one. The chashu was really good, super tender. The nitamago was done really well. I had the tonkatsu-shoyu broth, which I liked a lot. My sister had the miso broth - SUPER SALTY!!
5	This is by far the best ramen I ever had in USA, must try if you are in Vegas!
5	Not sure what took me so long to try Monta but it was definitely worth the wait. I had the Tonkatsu ramen and kimchee fried rice....delicious Definitely one of the few gems in Las Vegas. Outstanding
5	I came here on a recent trip for a trade show and my friend suggested I come here to eat...it was only a 2 day tradeshow but I came both days for Lunch! I love the Chasu Pork Bowl & Pork Belly Bowl! Definitely a hidden treasure oasis in the desert!
4	The ramen in Japan is better, of course, but this is very close!!! Very good ramen. It's just WAYYY too small and I don't like how they charge extra for the egg and such. In Japan it came with it!
4	My first time here and I can say this: I WILL BE BACK AGAIN. The place is a little small, you have to wait get a spot to sit but: The food is hot and fresh, it is coming out quick from the kitchen. The two servers are making sure your drink is full. All in all great food great time. Come here :)
3	Place is very good but have had better in NY.  I would still recommend it tho. It's a small restaurant tho and wait is long.  If I really have a craving and am in the neighborhood I would come back.
4	If youre tired of the food on the strip and craving ramen this is the spot. From what the locals tell me the line can be insane at times. I came late night and to my surprise the restaurant was packed.I didn't expect ramen in Vegas to be up par with LA and Bay Area. The ramen varieties were limited to only 4: Shio, Shoyu, Tonkatsu, and Tonkatsu Shoyu.  I've been spoiled by Ramen Parlor with variety.  Definitely worth checking out if you have a ramen craving and in try Las Vegas surrounding area.
5	Take my wallet and give me all your food!This is the best ramen restaurant I've ever been to. My favorite is the tonkotsu shoyu. Their fried rice is also extremely delicious. I repeat, EXTREMELY DELICIOUS. I could eat here every single day if I could!Trust me yelpers, it is worth it!
5	Fell in love with ramen after trying in LA. Tot we could try monta too. Man, it was yummilicious! Ordered tonkatzu broth n the charsiew is 1 of the best ever. Melts in the mouth. Try the fried rice! It was abit salty but it taste good n yummy. Been thinking of monta ramen all the time n ever since our first visit, we been back always when we visit vegas. Good for small group thou as the place isnt big. Must try!!
1	Horrible, horrible service. They can't keep in order. Waited more than hour after we sat down. All the foods on the menus are greasy and salty. Not worth the wait and money.
4	The ramen here is just 5 star perfect, flavors are delicate and unique, Gyoza is perfect too. Usually packed to the max, waitress is super rude with some BS attitude, wonder where it came from. Wish they were friendlier, would make this place a 5 star.
5	Amazing!  And I have to say some of the best pork I've ever had at a ramen restaurant.  It's unctuous and meltingly tender!So hubby and I are sort of ramen fanatics and have had ramen all over the ramen hot spots in the US- Ippudo and Totto Ramen in NYC; Daikokuya, Tsujita, Ramen Jinya, Santouka, Hakata Ramen, Mottainai in LA.And this place is probably the best ramen we've had, perhaps second to Totto ramen.  Their tonkotsu- shoyu ramen is awesome, I love the mix of the pork and chicken flavors.  They cook the noodles just right, and of course, the pork is to die for.  I also love how cheap the ramen is.  This place made me so happy after our 9 hour crazy traffic filled ride from LA!
5	This is THE Best place for ramen. Their cold noodle is amazing on a hot day/night. Definitely a must try. This place is small and horrible for large groups. The wait is always long. But worth it! If you come hungry,  you'll be starving by the time your get food. Guaranteed. Hmm maybe that's why its so good? The ramen broth is delicious, I know you can choose between a few, but you can't really go wrong with anything you order. As appetizers, the goyza is a nice touch, as well as the kimchi fried rice. I love how you can see into the kitchen from the dining area. Makes me feel just a bit better that my food is being cooked properly. I would like to give it a half star less for being such a small place, but I guess you can't blame them for being so popular. I hope they expand!
5	This is another go to lunch spot for us. Spring Mtn restaurants are close to his work so we frequent them every so often. This is one of our faves!!They open at 1130AM. But don't wait to come then get there before! There is always a line by 1115-1120 when I usually am nonchalantly rushing to the line in fear I'll miss my window of opportunity to enjoy my oh so fabulous bowl of noodles. It is small and fills up fast and they don't seat you unless your whole party is there which sends me into another panic until The boyfriend shows up and I can breathe again. Also they only seat singles at the bar heads up, no table for you, no room for your laptop, this is not a working lunch spot. In and out. Once you're done you'll feel the eyes stating at you till you leave with your head down feeling like you might have taken just a little too long to enjoy your grub. The service is always spot on and fast. Sometimes they ask if its ok sometimes not, I don't care though its always good! Sometimes being the first customers the wait for the food is sometimes sluggish with all the orders going in at once but I understand and gives us time to chat and admire the others. I always get my Ramen with corn and butter hold the shrooms. Yea I know they're not poisonous but these shrooms are just weird to me. The Boyfriend gets the Pork Belly Bowl and always shares generously, we'd have a fight on our hands if he didn't. This thing is to die for! Yummy baconey porky deliciousness! You won't regret it!
5	Delicious, simple ramon
4	The food is amazing but the service isn't that great. I always love the food here, it's the best in Vegas. Their one in Henderson is better, but the service here depends on who's working. But other than that the food is great. Haven't had time to try the new soup yet, but I will pretty soon.
5	This was recommended by a friend to try when we visited Las Vegas, and she did not steer us wrong. Best tasting broth (I had the Tonkotsu) and noodles ever!  And the pork slices just melted in your mouth.  Wow!  Delicious!!  What a memorable lunch.  Unless you don't  mind waiting, I would recommend not going at noon as we did because there was a line out the door to be seated. Once the crowd cleared out and we were seated, it didn't take much time to get our food.  We'll be back on our next visit!
5	If I live here, I would be so fat from eating tonkatsu ramen everyday.  Their tanaka fried rice was delicious!  The noodles was great, not over cooked.  The ingredients were great.  The service was courteous and prompt.  Their is usually a line, but well worth the wait.
5	Love this place. I was craving some ramen and decided to yelp a place. I am so glad I did. Not only was the broth yummy, the prices were reasonable.I got the miso ramen. Full of flavor and they have lots of noodles.My hubby got the pork belly bowl. He really enjoyed it. The pork flavor was spot on.We got an order of fried rice, that was ok. Overall good food, good service. The place is small, but I can look past it because it was so good!
4	Small ramen restaurant but can definitely hit the spot. Be sure to account for the wait but if you want to sit at the bar you might get lucky. Would recommend going during off peak hours so you can get seated quick. The ramen isn't as salty as others but it is still pretty tasty. I didn't leave this place thirsty like I normally do for other ramen places.
4	Mmm, monta! Get in mah belly!+Authentic Japanese ramen shop off the strip. I mean who would have thought?! The waitresses and head chef are Japanese and speak it fluently. Always a good sign!+Monta has 4 soup broth to choose from: Tonkotsu, tonkotsu-shoyu, shoyu, and miso. Always nice to have varieties since I'm sick of just eating tonkotsu at every single ramen shop. My boyfriend and I both ordered Tonkotsu-Shoyu but I opted for chijire men (thick, wavy noodles) and it was awesome! The noodles had great consistency and the soup was spot on.+Their 6 piece gyoza tasted like legit ramen shop gyozas. Yum!-Limited seatings. There are four desks that seats four people, one desk that seats two people, and 9 seats available at the counter.-Line forms even before opening! My boyfriend and I got to Monta a little too early around 11AM. We were waiting in the car and people started trickling in around 11:15AM and there was mini line formed already before opening! Since it's limited seating, the people in line will fill up the restaurant and there will be constant flow of customers/wait time during lunch peak hours.-I read someone's review that they had great fried rice so I ordered it but it was a-okay. I've had better ramen shop fried rice before so I will not order it again if I visit Monta.Monta needs to definitely open a shop in LA. Cannot wait to eat Monta until my next visit to Vegas!
3	This place has tasty ramen, which is why it gets 3 stars just for taste. However it's not  all that unique or the best but but it's quite good. I've been here a couple times and for the price I wish you got a larger portion. The tonkotsu ramen tasted more like fatty grease than a pork flavor, the server recommends the Tonkotsu-Shoyu and I understood why. The Tonkotsu-Shoyu is better but what is a peeve of mine is that recently when I get to-go (because the place is so small and gets crowded), they get really skimpy with a good piece of chashu! I always get extra chashu and if I'm lucky I get a piece that isn't 45% jiggly fat, and they're small pieces maybe 2in diameter of thin meat. And to top it off sometimes it's not even a discernible piece but a broken up tiny lump of fat-meat that's supposed to be the last remaining 3 out  of 6 pieces... which surely didn't look like 3 pieces.Overall I think it's overrated and a little overpriced for the amount of soup/noodles and meat given along with a very "fat" tasting meal but hey that's flavor I suppose. I might come back every once in a while unless I find someplace better although it would be further away.
4	Great food, quick service and fantastic prices!
5	I came here based on their rave Yelp reviews. I arrived their around 9pm on Friday. This place was so packed! I had to put my name down on a waiting list. While waiting, I checked out their menu. The menu is super simple and that's the way I like it, meaning whatever that's on the menu, must be good.I ordered Chicken broth ramen with BBQ pork. I asked for the thick wavy noodles instead of the thin ones. Although not a big fan of pork, their pork was very flavorful and melted in my mouth. Marinated egg's yolk was still soft in the middle. Amazing! $6.95 bowl of perfection (egg extra $1.50)I will be back to try out other dishes for sure. :) YUUUUMMMMM!
4	When I think of Ramen, I think of Instant Cup O Noodles or the Pre Packaged ones that you pay like 5 bucks for a big bulk box at Wal Mart.Not until a friend of my wife mentioned this place that we stopped by to check it out. That's when I found out that this is not your ordinary dollar store ramen. Their menu is pretty simple. You pick which noodle bowl you want, choose whatever you want to add to it (like a hard boiled egg for example) for an extra charge of course.They also have other items like gyoza (pot stickers) and fried rice.Service is above average and it should be because you can only fit so many people in this tiny place. So slow service with an excuse of "Sorry, we are really busy today"  will not fly with me. Memo to those that eat here: Once you're done eating, please pay and move on with your life! I have seen people finish their meal and proceed to just shoot the breeze for another 15 to 20 minutes while you have 6 to 10 people waiting for a spot.Some random info. Make sure to sign in to your right as soon as you come in so they know who got next. Don't just stand there and expect for them to remember if you came in before somebody else. If you see lots of people outside just standing there, chances are you will be waiting for a bit before getting a table. For those that are chopstick challenged like me, they will not give you a fork unless you ask because you are already given chopsticks by default. All the condiments you need like sesame seeds, soy sauce, etc are right there on your table.So you see their operation is simple. It's just that their space might seem constricting especially if you have claustrophobia.
4	we love going to this place, yummy food for sure.
4	So I went to Monta twice last week due to them adding two new flavors and I had to try them.  Kuro Ramen:  Kuro means "black" for all you japanophiles.  The color comes from them adding Ma-yu (not to be confused with ra-yu), which is sesame oil with roasted garlic which gives it garlic flavor while adding blackish color.  To be quite honest, this ramen was not good at all.  I was expecting a punchy garlic flavor which it had very little of, and the broth....damn....what happened?  It was bland.  It taste as bland as Ramen Shoku's tonkotsu.  I had to believe that they were using a different broth for this ramen as I tasted my daughter's tonkotsu and it was totally different.  I would give it 2 stars.  Pretty crappy ramen if you ask me.  I would NOT recommend it.  Spicy Tokotsu Ramen:  This is somewhat similar to spicy miso at Ramen Sora in a way tha they just add spicy miso which you can mix to give it a little kick.  The base Tokotsu ramen is identical and I enjoyed the extra spicy kick to the regular rich tonkotsu broth.  It was also moderately spicy (for me), and I liked the fact that the spicy miso was viscous enough that I could adjust the amount of kick I wanted as I didn't want ALL of it.  I would give it solid 4+ stars for it.  With all that Monta has done to Las Vegas' ramen scene, I would still give them a 4, even though their new Kuro ramen was a complete failure.  I'm also finding that ramen chefs of recent has become noticeably hispanic, and ramen noodles seem to be a bit overcooked for my taste.  If I see that the noodle isn't as firm as I like it next time, I will drop them down to 3 stars....watch out Monta...there are some real competitions now.
5	best ramen I've ever had.Not too fatty or salty, just perfect
4	I think besides there's just one other ramen place to compare this to in Vegas and I haven't been to the other one yet. Came here for a late lunch and waited for about 10 mins as the place is small. Not going to compare this to places in LA since I've had better. We ordered their fried rice with pork to start off and I'd have to say it's definitely one of the best I've had. Delicious and plenty of taste with this dish. I would have to order it again the next time I come.I ordered their Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen which means "pork bone and special shoyu base" ramen. Bowl size and portion was just perfect but I could've easily ordered another set of ramen because I was that hungry that day but controlled myself. Soup based wise, it was kind of salty. Ramen though was perfect and the mix of chashu and egg was perfect since I usually have these at other ramen restaurants. If you're in the mood for a good ramen place while you're in Vegas visiting, Monta Ramen is the place to check out. Though soup base can be a bit salty meaning it's probably because of too much MSG, taste wise of the noodles can't go wrong.
4	Its nice to try out Ramen in different places .. they all have their style of perfecting it.
5	I love coming here, especially on a rainy day.It is very small and there is usually a wait, but eating here is such a quick process.  It won't be very long.We usually sit at the counter in which you can watch them prepare your food.  I am that white girl that asks for a fork. :( Lol.  The menu is very small, but delicious.  I usually get the Miso Ramen and kim chee fried rice.  The pork is so good, it melts in your mouth.  My mouth is watering as I write this!The staff is always welcoming & service is good.Only thing is I wish they had dessert.
5	Love love love this place! Add butter, green onions, and some spicy sesame oil to the Tonkatsu ramen....and Voila!
2	We can here on a Thursday afternoon and waited about 45 minutes.I don't understand what the hype is here.  I've had way better ramen back home.
5	The best I've had outside of my home state of Hawaii. Ultra authentic, clean and delicious.
5	HANDS DOWN MY FAVORITE RAMEN PLACE IN VEGAS!I keep coming back for either the Pork Belly bowls or the Tonksu Shoyu! The taste and flavor always amazes me, I've tried soo many other ramen places but this one takes the cake! And adding extra sides is not the bad on price!
5	Oh so good. If you can grab a table or chair at the bar, then eat here. It's a small ramen restaurant, like the ones you find in Japan. The noodles and broth are excellent. If you only get 1 bowl of ramen, choose one with pork broth. It is way better than the light-tasting chicken broth. This is a great off-the-strip lunch and worth the drive. Get in the know and hit up this place!
5	This is what Tonkatsu Ramen is all about. We got here about 20 minutes before opening and got in line. We ended up with primo spots at the bar. I've been on a kick looking for the best Ramen I can find. I'll continue looking for even better Ramen. I'm off to another place tonight. However, at this point, I have yet to find anything this good.The pork and egg were perfect. I'd like to see the egg marinated a little. The broth nearly perfect. The noodles truly excellent. I can see why there is a line here.Broth - A-Noodles - A-Egg - A-Pork - AAdditions - B
5	I am a HUGE RAMEN LOVER!Living in Honolulu, we have really good Ramen restaurants here and after visiting New York City last year, my Ramen standards are a lot higher and whenever I'm in another city I always make it a point to have my Ramen fix. Last March I visited Ramen Sora and it was good but I think Ramen Monta beats it by far!After a day of shopping at all the trader Joe's with my girlfriend Mochi we decided to have lunch at Ramen Monta because she knew how much I love my Ramen and it was a bit cold that day. The wait wasn't quit as long as she thought it would be because we beat the lunchtime rush so we were seated within a few minutes. I got their new spicy Ramen and my girlfriend ordered the regular tonkatsu Ramen, we also ordered a side of the menchenko eggs with rice. The quality of noodle is good, very thin and soft and the broth is like buttery, not to salty, not to oily and so smooth and soothing. I think the broth is what makes a good quality Ramen. The price is also just right because for all 3 items I paid about $20 not including tip. Workers are very sweet and the food comes out quick...Be sure to go early because as we were eating and it got more towards lunch time, the line started forming.I was raving about this place so much to my boyfriend who didn't come with us because he was sleeping back in the hotel room, so suxx for him. I will be sure to hit this place back up on the next Vegas trip.
5	I'm writing this review from Oakland, Ca. I was living in Las Vegas a few years back and I remember eating here. The ramen was so delicious. I still think about it. Here in the San Francisco Bay Area I have yet to find as good a ramen, even though there's a Japantown in SF. I am constantly disappointed.  The only other ramen that compares is in Torrance, Ca. I heard about on in Berkeley,  but it's $16 a bowl. I miss your ramen. :(
4	I love ramen, but their food has enough oil to fuel your car on your way back home. Their noodles are so gooood. They don't have that "instant" noodle flavor like some restaurants do. I will always come back, but why does it have to be so fattening!?! -_-
5	So glad my Partner For Good Times had to experience this quality ramen here after being disappointed going the the Ramen Fest and not having ramen because of the long line just for the food ticket to get the ramen.  Forget that! Considering this would be my PFGT's experience with quality ramen, I punched in best ramen on Google and Monta came up.  Typical ramen shop.  Small and yet comfortable.  Just after lunch but was still 90% full but sat almost immediately in the corner table. Perfect.  I ordered Asahi, gyoza, Tonkutsu Shoyu Ramen for me and Miso Ramen for her.  Gyoza came out first and that was decent gyoza.  Ramen came in about 10 minutes.  The smell was outrageous but that first taste before I added the 3 pepper blend was insane!  I told my PFGT, "This is Ramen!" Her Miso Ramen was just as good.  Needless to say, down to the last slurp of the broth, I would definitely go back!  Prices are fantastic!
5	What do I like about this place....everything
5	Fantastic ramen joint only a mile from the strip. Small (don't bring more than 4 people) and authentic.Pork belly bowl and kimchi fried rice are great to share and the tonkotsu-shoyu ramen is comparable with the best around the country. Go with the Shoyu if you want a lighter broth.Tip: Very hard to get a cab back to the strip during busy times.
3	This is a tiny place that seats maybe 20 people and then another 8 or so at the counter bar area.  If you think you're going to be clever by getting there right when they open for lunch, you really need to get there right when they open, not 10 minutes after they open!  We arrived at 11:32am on a Saturday as a party of 5 and were the first guests and thought "Hey, that was easy! Maybe this place doesn't get that busy for Saturday lunch?"  Suddenly, over the next 5 minutes, several other parties of 2 or 3 people came in one right after another and the place was suddenly full!  If you arrived at 11:40am, you were then looking at a wait of 30-45 minutes until the initial parties were served, ate and left.  So go early!The ramen was good.  I do wish they would give you more than 2 thin slices of roasted pork.  I don't know that I'd go again if the wait was over 15 minutes though.  (I actually really like the ramen at the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's where you can request all you want roasted pork (since it's a buffet!).  The slow cooked broth there is unexpectedly and surprisingly really good too.)
2	We waited for about 30 minutes which was expected from the reviews on yelp. We got seated at the counter and ordered, small fried rice, small pork belly rice, gyoza, shoyu ramen & tonkotsu shoyu ramen. The gyoza was flavorful and good! The pork belly bowl was ok... But the fried rice and ramen was a complete disappointment! The soup is nothing but BLAND!!!!! :( no richness at all..Will defiantly not be back
5	Best ramen in Vegas. The broth is flavorful and the sides are great as well. If you're not in the mood for hot noodles, give the cold noodles with the yuzu dipping sauce a try. I'm always amazed by how cheap our bill is with everything we order!
5	Monta ramen!! Yes. Definitely a ramen spot to be addicted too. The pork belly bowl really hits the spot and the ramen ain't too bad either. I'd definitely go back. If you're one of the ramen fans out there. I'd suggest to give this a try. Good eats here :)
5	So far the best ramen I've tasted in las Vegas.  Shoyu-tonk ramen is my favorite.  I've tried all four broth flavors and I always order the shoyu-tonk.  The fried rice is good too.
4	Love this place !!! Even though it's kindda small. So we always have to wait to get to sit down. But that doesn't stop us from going back there from time to time :).
5	You can't beat their quality, taste, and price! This is a MUST go to place for my husband and I whenever we go to Vegas. We will gladly pay the 30 can fare to get here. The pork belly literally melts in your mouth! So good!! Can't wait to go back!!!
5	Hey Monta, you make some good Ramen, just saying.It took me some time to finally try this place. For one, I didn't know of its existence until after it was open for some time, and I had a hard time finding it. It is inside of a plaza where I had a hard time locating it, but you just have to make sure you make the turn into the plaza or the little street next to the plaza.My friends that have tried Monta beforehand liked it enough where I had some expectations for this place. It didn't have to be rated G-A-F, but it had to be tasty. The first time I came, I just got a bowl of their tonkatsu ramen and I must say, I was one happy guy afterwards. The noodles were pretty good, their egg made me happy, their pork melted in my mouth, but the broth is what impressed me. The broth was probably my favorite part about the meal. Needless to say, I finished the whole bowl, soup and all! I was really happy. The next few times I came, I started customizing and ordering different things on the menu. I added more noodles the next few times, got some of their fried rice, gyoza, added some corn to my soup, just customizing things to the point where I was happy! Their fried rice was pretty tasty. The kimchi fried rice may not be for everyone, because unless you like kimchi, you may not like it. Adding various things to your ramen makes it takes a lot better and funner to eat since it has more color and just the feeling of being able to customize your food just makes it that much better. If you want to try some ramen and you're in the area, I highly recommend Monta. The only downside is that the restaurant is fairly small and during peak hours, you should expect a wait. People get turned away from places that have waits, but if you think about it, why do they have waits? It is small, but people keep going back because the food is delicious, it's as simple as that.
4	Excellent broth for the raman I'm highly recommend it. The meat is very tender, the noodles has just enough tenderness and chewiness to it.
1	We were here just now trying to get a table waiting over 40 min. They kept telling us we cant get a table because all our party wasnt here. we were party of 3 and only 2 of us were here and out of nowhere she seats a group of 5 ppl who only 4 of their party member in the restaurant. If u have been telling us that we couldnt seat becauae not all our parties were there dont seat other ppl whose parties arent all there!! Wasted our time and ruin the night.
5	Tonkatsu, Shoyu, Oh MY!  There is genuine reason why people line up on a daily basis before Monta opens. This restaurant is incredible. The food is sublime in its simplicity and authenticity. Ramen is such a wonderful and satisfying dish that when it is executed with the depth of flavor and consistency of Monta, it is something to celebrated.Their Tonkatsu Ramen is absolutely incredible with regards to the depth of flavor and the value. Their ingredients taste fresh and appear to be well handled. It is very easy to go overboard with the additions of hard boiled egg, kim-chee, and more pork. The complimentary pickled ginger is so delicious. I know it is made in-house, I wish I could buy it and take it home!
3	Food...AMAZING...service and "rules" of party/seating/etc...meh
4	Food was awesome every time I've been there.  The only down side is that the place is about the size of small master bedroom....so get there eary be prepared to wait.. decause it is worth it
2	What can I say about Monta. I used to like it. Unfortunately, "used to," is the key word. Today, I keep coming back expecting their classic ramen, best broth, and perfected simplicity. But I now must admit all I have come to expect is disappointment. I have been coming here for about 2-3 years. But now I can't help but second guess my decisions. The service here has seemed to have gone down the drain. They give so much attitude and don't really care about the customers. You are rushed to order and if you have any problems or questions you are met with eye rolls and sighs. I'm not a picky eater, not at all, but service is key. Now to the food. I remember the food they used to have was great. Unfortunately that didn't seem to translate over time. Like watching the slow death of a once great king, the food quality has seemed to die too.  Over salty broth, oily broth, boiled gyoza, and an appalling meat to rice ratio on their side dishes. What happened? WHAT HAPPENED? To this I'm sorry Monta... You have lost me. I used to defend you feverishly against other ramen places but now... You have betrayed me. So to all you newbies that rave and praise this "new" monta. You can have it. I will leave this place in the past.
4	My friend said this was like stepping into a noodle shop in Tokyo--so it turned out to be an adventure for us.  We got there around 10pm on a Friday night and the parking lot was jam packed, with some crazy drivers circling round and round for a space.  Friend got in sooner than I did and found two seats at the counter, but she was hassled a bit by the server she called the soup Nazi, who demanded to know how much longer before I showed up.  (I was parking for goodness sake.)  People were starting to line up outside the door, it's such a tiny place.  We both ordered to tonkatsu ramen, mine with butter and corn, which added to the rich broth.  I keep forgetting to tell them to hold the bamboo shoots.  The chashu was tasty, but just a bit on the chewy side and it's worthy of a youtube video to see me try to separate it with my hashi or do the bite and yank technique while slurping the noodles and broth.  Fun experience pretending we were in a Japan noodle house. We'll go back to try a different broth and see if the chashu is more tender earlier in the day.
4	Good ramen is a warm hug from a beautiful friend!I have ramen every 10 days religiously, but I frequent another ramen shop down the street a bit and had never been in Monta previously.  Monta is very good...they do you a solid here with their flavors.  The cramped little space and bustling turnover carries a positive energy with it... if you aren't waiting at rush hour.  That being said, Monta is not my favorite, and while I would happily come back, I probably won't too often since my favorite is so close.I am all about the miso ramen, so I enjoyed that here as well.  I read Yuhi K.'s review before ordering so I also enjoyed the mentaiko and made sure to use togarashi.  These were excellent suggestions so I'll pass them on as well, but check out her review for more details.  The bottom line for me was that the broth lacked the deep, developed flavors you can get elsewhere, but they have some great options--especially for the kosher minded.  I have had a couple experiences where an individual I try to take to ramen isn't into the traditional pork broth.  Monta takes care of that by offering chicken base.  Monta also has some bar seating with an open kitchen...a great place to dine solo.
5	While visiting Las Vegas I was doing research on Ramen restaurants on yelp and kept reading about everyone who had a positive and delicious experience at Monta Ramen.  Today I made the trip with my brother.  We got here about 10 minutes after they opened and found the last remaining table.  The place was already packed.  After looking at the menu I ordered the Tonkotsu Ramen which is a rich pork broth with two slices of melt in your mouth pork with wood-ear mushrooms and scallions.  I added the Nitamago which is a seasoned hard-boiled egg.  This meal did not disappoint.  It came to the table within 10 minutes and was a great looking bowl of ramen.  Very savory and fresh.  We also had the Gyoza  which is a pan-fried pork and vegetable dumpling.  My brother ordered the Takana pork-fried rice.  This rice was a nice addition to our ramen bowls.  Just a note:  As our ramen bowls were delivered I looked up and noticed that Monta Ramen must have a lot of fans because the little doorway was filled with people waiting to eat but the line also went out the door.   Knowing what I do now about how delicious this ramen is I would have gladly waited outside for my turn to enjoy this bowl.  Monta Ramen will definitely be on my list to visit the next time I come to Las Vegas.  Can't wait to bring my wife here.  Very affordable.  I recommend.
4	Quick cheap and good.  Just the way I ilkes it.  This place is tiny; the seating is limited, so they can't seat you until your entire party has arrived.  Once seated, however, I had a surprisingly generous amount of space -- didn't feel crowded like I do at some places.  On the recommendation of a friend, I had the kimchi fried rice and pot-stickers.  I liked them both.   I was a bit leery at first because the odor from kimchi made just about every other way is a real turn-off for me, but I had no problem with it in this case.
5	Yummy! Ramen noodles! The broth is sup@ delicious. If you like Minchin, the have an awesome dish of Kmchi fried rice!If you have small children they welcome the challenge to win them over with their house specialties. Ask the wait svc for the winning dishes...some clippings of news articles are hung up by the door which also informs you of what's good!One important tip...if you see that it's packed you must go to the podium and sign in. And FYI it is a very quaint place (small) Seats are limited. And prepare to be face down in a bowl of Something Wonderful!
5	I miss you sooooo much Monta.  The ramen here in Florida is like well...terrible.  I would do just about anything to sip your broth, slurp your noodles, the pork, the egg, the everything.....me sad.
4	Very good ramen.  The thick noodles were not very thick however which was disappointing because I LOVE thick noodles.
5	Awesome little ramen bar. Super quick clean and authentic. Amazing flavors. Will return soon and often.
5	I love me some ramen!Put this on the favorite, and must eat at spots while in Vegas.  The place is small, so don't come in a group larger than 4.  Upon coming in, put your name on the clipboard and expect to wait, but well worth it!Santouka (LA), Ippudo (NYC), Umaido (ATL) are my other favorites, and each one is different and good in their own way.Be sure to add extra pork, egg, and butter!  Gyoza was delish as well!
3	First time trying ramen in Las Vegas and came to this highly recommended hole in the wall spot. But to my husband and my disappointment the ramen was mediocore. He had the Tonkotsu and I had Miso. We both thought it was too salty. However we shared a Kimchi fried rice and it was delicious! We have much better ramen spots here in California.
5	I live  on the east coast and have been looking for an authentic ramen house to no avail. Until last night!! We sat at the bar and drooled the whole five minutes it took to get our bowl of heaven. I wish I lived here just for the ramen. Its not fair. Why can't I find one close to home!!!!????
5	Just gotta say, my favorite ramen place in town!  Always the miso ramen but I have tried all their other stuff and I have not any complains
5	This small, bustling hole in the wall is serving up some of the best meals under $10 in Vegas. There's only a handful of small tables here and limited bar seating, there is almost always a queue. It's well worth the usually short wait time.The kitchen with steaming cauldrons and busy cooks can be seen over the bar and creates a fun atmosphere. The menu is straightforward and uncomplicated. I love the simplicity.The gyoza are crispy and delicious, the ramen is always cooked perfectly, the chashu pork is tender. They have some killer sides and rice bowls.Everything is reasonably priced.The pork belly rice bowl is phenomenal. The meat is slow braised into buttery, tender melt in your mouth goodness.The waitresses are friendly and accommodating,  especially considering how busy this place is. They could probably use a larger space with more tables to eliminate the wait times, but the small space is part of the charm. Enjoy it.
3	We left this place our first attempted visit due to the wait.  This time we got sat right away. Service was good. Everyone talks this place up. To my disappointment, I was not impressed.  I have been known to get addicted to ramen.  My tonkotsu was too rich to finish.  The pork was very salty. I have had better ramen elsewhere.  However my boyfriend did enjoy his shoyu ramen.
4	As soon as you walk in - sign in! Haha There's always a wait for this place.  (But if you're in a hurry to get back to work or wherever there are multiple of good restaurants you can go to in that same complex). So with that statement, it's the type of place you order--- eat--- and leave... You don't want to be the jerk holding up the wait :P One thing that really caught my attention was how the chefs were dipping the bowl into hot boiling water before making your order to keep your food hot even longer.  I like to enjoy every bite of my food so by the end of my last bite my soup was still warm :P ( but I'll have to admit the last time I went they didn't dip my bowl ) I've tried all three fried rices on different occasions and all were good :) I think the kimchi is my favorite.  As for the  gyoza, it's pretty delicious and crispy.  I've tried all soups and I'll have to say I'll stick to the pork broth with thin noodles and of course adding some green onions and egg to that - call it my usual order :)
4	I first tried Monta at the LA Ramen Festival in Torrance earlier this year. It was probably my favorite ramen from the festival! So for our last meal in Vegas before heading back to LA, I wanted to come here!We arrived at 11:40 AM on a Sunday, the place was full and there were 4 groups ahead of us. Monta opens at 11:30!! Insane. We waited about 35-40minutes before getting seated at the counter. FOOD: Ramen was yum as I remembered! Base price is pretty cheap $6.95 but when you add the egg, it brings it up to a regular bowl of ramen.  I had the tonkotsu ramen (my fave) Really rich and good flavor with a PERFECT soft boiled egg! Chasiu was also super tender and falling apart. HUGE portions!! I didn't finish my noodles :( VENUE: Small, as usual and single unisex bathroom. Very cute and clean and I loved watching the chefs make the food.SERVICE: Quick!! Food came out super fast after we ordered and they were always friendly and easy to flag down.PARKING: Plenty!
4	great change from the buffets and american places in vegas. i love ramen and there are tons of ramen places in the bay area. this is on par and better than some of the ones in the bay area.i have only been here once and i got the tonkatsu ramen and it was rich and tasty. the chasu pork was also very good as well. the size was on the smaller side but not bad for the price and you can ask for more noodles for just $1.50 more.there was definitely a wait for lunch but it wasnt too bad and was worth the wait.
5	Their ramen and fried rice are yummy! Price are reasonable! I love coming here whenever I'm at Vegas!
5	We LOVE this place.  My new favorite is miso ramen with a side of the "spicy" paste.  It comes very close to the chili pepper ramen I used to have all the time in Narita.  Gyoza are done perfectly! It's worth the wait!
1	It was ok. My mother and I waited for 15 minutes while people that came in after us got served first. The waitresses seemed mad and unhappy but ramen was good!
4	The food was good, service was fast... but the seating is very limited. The soup is very flavorful though! Their fried rice is amazing as well. Most likely my favorite ramen place in Vegas! Can't wait to go back again!
1	This rating is not for the food, which we didn't get a chance to eat, but for the smell.  Upon walking into this bustling little noodle shop to put our name on the list, the overwhelming smell of toilet turned us off and we selected a different restaurant to try within 5 minutes.  We've eaten at many ramen places and had not ever been to a place where the smell was so overwhelming and yet seemingly unrecognized by the patrons.
5	Came to Vegas for vacation and my friend kept telling me that I must try this place out.  I am from out of town so I cant really tell you where this place is at since I took a taxi but it seems like the Chinatown of Vegas.  It seems to be sorta hidden in the back of the shopping center but just look for the white sign.Got here around 12pm and there was a slight wait (nothing compared the wait when we were leaving).  Sat down and the friendly waitress took my order: Shoyu Ramen with corn and also the small fried rice (my friend said i had to get it no matter what) and yes I know thats a lot of carbs.Shoyu Ramen:  my ramen came out with extra chasu and with no corn.  the waitress quickly realized this and immediatly gave me some corn on the side and didnt charge me for the extra chasu (kudos to her to rectify the situation).  The broth was very good and not overly salty.  I consider this one of the better ramens that I have eaten.  But the thing that stood out the most to me are the noodles.  Wow! This has got to be one of the best noodles ive eaten at any ramen joint and I have been to many in NY, CA and Hawaii.  Many places forsake the noodles and focus too much on the broth and chasu but very very good noodles.Fried Rice: this was the dish my friend kept raving about and keep telling me to order.  I am not a huge fried rice person but it was pretty darn good! I devoured it within minutes of it coming out and didnt even leave a spec for my friend.Very good place I will definitely come again when I go to Vegas.
4	If you come here, I would recommend sticking with the tonkotsu ramen as that is what they're known for. I ordered the spicy miso and was disappointed in how salty the broth was. Sad because my friend let me try some of her tonkotsu and it was so freakin' delicious. If I ever come back, I'm ordering my own bowl and not sharing!
4	Delicious, inexpensive, and a ton of options to choose from. You can customize your broth, noodles, fixins(egg, seaweed, veggies, etc) and everything else quickly and easily. The only thing stopping me from giving this above 5 stars is the space itself. This restaurant might seat 20 people if you packed them in like sardines. There is no place to wait, and apparently the wait to even eat lunch here is a struggle. I felt like I could hear what the other diners were thinking when I was crammed in next to them. Aside from that, the food itself was absolutely delicious, and it tasted authentic. This certainly isn't your college ramen experience.
2	People always rant and rave about this place. I think this is the third time I've had it and I'm just not impressed. The noodles seemed too hard/thick and the pork just wasn't as melt in your mouth as I like it! The flavor isn't even all that... I prefer Ramen Sora by far!
3	Delicious broth, nice presentation, good prices.Not enough comfort space for eating and the pork had a high ratio of fat-to-meat, but you don't come here for the comfort, you come for the Ramen!.  I would eat here again, just wouldn't get the pork belly.  Love the noodle refills!!!
5	My first authentic Japanese ramen! SO happy we made the decision to visit on our trip to Vegas. Place was packed (and it's a tiny place) but we were seated quickly. You can tell the place is good because all the locals are eating here. We ordered gyoza and the miso ramen - both DELICIOUS. Service was awesome. I don't have enough good things to say about it, just don't let the small space deter you.
4	Love it! But have to choose the mix broth (pork and chicken), the only orok broth doesn't taste that good compare to the MIX one :)
4	Our last day in Vegas, Wifey wanted something different from The Strip and away from The Strip. I was in the mood for some good Mexican, but I was overruled as Wifey wanted Ramen. I scoffed at the notion of a good Ramen joint existing in Vegas. I crave for good Ramen, and so far the best I've had to date was from Santouka Ramen in LA. The Ramen joints in The City are a joke, but thank god for San Mateo as my only salvation for good Ramen. So when Wifey found this place, I was very skeptical; but I had no choice since she won all the money in Vegas that pretty much paid for our trip and then some. So we drove to Vegas' Chinatown district and one thing I noticed is that the blocks are like a frigging mile long. Damn...the blocks are so far apart I felt like I was in the desert. So we arrived and it's in a small strip mall similar to those found all over California (looks promising) and definitely qualifies as a Hole-In-The-Wall joint. The place is small...more tiny than small with a seating of about 20 + at a time. It was around lunch and the place was packed. I also observed a squad car illegally parked and had me worried for a second thinking it was a crime-ridden area and had an incident in progress. My guard subsided when I saw two of Vegas' finest slurping the Ramen inside. We waited for approximately 20-25 minutes before we got called and I was famished. I was already eyeing the 'Daily Special" board of Kuro Ramen and Spicy Tonkutso Ramen (both $7.95). Sold! Wifey also ordered a side of Tonkutso Pork over a bowl of rice. The side order arrived first and what we got was a pile of pork meat on top of rice topped with Nori strips. Ummmm....Anthony Bourdain would approve of this. Then our Ramen arrived and all my skepticism disappeared and what I felt next was envy. I was envious that Vegas can have a better Ramen joint than San Francisco. Then envy turned into sadness, which turned into me slurping the noodles to comfort my emotional needs at that time. The broth was amazing. Unlike the broths in The City that are overly salty, this one was creamy, thick, rich but also tasted light. How could that be? It wasn't rich, thick and heavy as one would expect. All I can say is wow. It truly made a believer out of me. I also tasted the Wifey's broth and the roller coaster of emotion began again. This one really surprised me in a good way.
5	The cure for a Las Vegas hangover is ramen. And with all the raves and reviews Monta Ramen was worth a visit. Upon arriving, there was already a crowd outside (it opens at 11:30). Luckily, the bar had two open seats for my friend and I.Thinking with our appetites, we began the order:2 Tonkotsu Ramen (this is what they're known for)1 Gyoza (it's gyoza and I was hungover, so give me a break)1 Kimchi fried rice (once again, we were hungover!)After taking the last bite and having to unbutton my pants, I looked at my friend and gave him the approving nod, which summed up our experience.
5	I was looking for some good eats in Vegas and Dru C recommended this place. THANK YOU DRU C!!!!!!!!This was some amazingly delicious ramen!!! We had a short wait (party of 2), and I got to sit next to this sweet lady who eats there several times a week at the counter. If I remember correctly, I think they have purse hooks under the counter. =)We got the Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen with thick wavy noodles and Kumo Ramen. The pork just melts in your mouth!!! I LOVED the thick wavy noodles. They had a really great texture. The Kumo Ramen was just some garlicy goodness. YUMMMMM!!!What a great first meal in Vegas =)
4	I went to the one on Spring Mt & Decatur location and man.. that place is so small! So many people were lining up and I felt so clusterphobic! I still stayed and waited because I wanted to see why this place is so popular! Anyway, after 20 minutes of waiting, me and my party were finally sat. Customer service could be better. I understand its busy, but if you work there, that's just something you know you have to deal with especially if its a popular place. The food was good. Ramen.. delicious. Fried rice.. delicious as well!  Overall, it was a good experience!
1	The broth was good, but our noodles were clumped up at the bottom of the bowl and hard. Not coming back here for sure.
2	Got here a little before opening and already a line had formed (at least 15 people deep).  Pretty cramped inside, with about 6-7 tables and counter seating for 10.  Food took a while to come out, and a big reason why was there was only one person cooking the noodles, prepping the bowls, and plating/garnishing (with one person taking care of the rice items).  The waitstaff would just stand and wait for the food to be ready.  It could have been more efficient (and thus quicker), but maybe they were limited by the size of the kitchen.  Oh well...The ramen itself was just okay, with average-tasting broth and average noodles.  I ordered the tonkotsu ramen with the wavy noodles, and some pork belly bowls and fried rice for the kids.  Not bad overall, and service was good, but I prefer Fukumimi Ramen to this place.  But mad props to that multi-tasking cook, he sure was fun to watch!
5	Yum!!! Very Small place!. Expect an hour + wait, but definitely worth it.Pork Belly Bowl - Pork Belly over Rice. The belly was so omg drool. It like melts in your mouth and just has the right perfect amount of seasoning. =DRamen: FYI get extra chashu. You will not be disappointed! The meat is like a fluffy cloud pillow floating on your tongue til it melts down and it is just bomb dot comSpicy Tonkotsu - Spicy sauce. The broth was very good and flavorful. Spicy wasn't as spicy as I wanted it to be but it did give it a good flavor.Kurobuta Ramen (black garlic oil) - Saltier I would say, it was still good. the broth was very flavorful, but I felt like it wasnt as garlicy enough, so I added some garlic and it was pretty good. Overall: Definitely would coem back. SOo good. I want more Chashu.~!!
5	Best ramen in vegas, hands down, don't care what ppl say, i always recommend this place, especially after a bad hangover from the night before.I always order the same thing:Gyoza = perfectly cooked add a little soy sauce w/ chili oil and its a perfect matchTonkotsu-shoyu ramen and add an egg and nori and it could not be any better. Service is always friendly, and wait is never too long usually. worth the wait if you have to wait though. Not a good place for parties of more than 4, more of a place for 2 ppl so you can do the bar if need be. Best thing is food always comes out quick and never disappointed. Small place, when you are inside you don't feel like your in vegas at all. And that is a great feeling, especially for someone who has been here for 8 years already.
4	Small menu, but the three item I call were good.  But, since I come from SoCal to visit, this place's ramen doesn't seem any more special compare to the many we have from home, but still it's good!The price make it's worth it compare to most places near the strip.To sum it up, good food, decent price, but don't expect anything extraordinary if you had Japanese ramen before :-)
4	I was here during the Thanksgiving Holiday and it was great.  The Ramen had great flavor.  The noodles were cooked perfectly and the pork melted in my mouth.  Show up early as this place gets packed.  Definitely worth the wait!
4	If you are waiting and double checking reviews to confirm...Yes, its worth the wait. Don't let the small size of the place fool you. The ramen is some of the best I've ever tried and rivals Ippuddo in NYC (yes, I did just go there) except that they provide more generous portions and a cheaper price point here ++pointsYou write your name down on a sheet to the right of the door once you get in and wait. Came with the bf / party of 2 at 3 pm aka off hours between normal lunch and dinner times. There was still a wait but not too bad (maybe 15/20 minutes) and the line/list moved quick.Only reason it gets 4 stars for now is uncertainty about the consistency of their quality and portion sizes since I've only been once.
1	BIG DROP-OFF since the last time I dined here, which was probably a year ago when I came here with some friends and let me say that My friends and I  liked this place so much that we literally came here 3 days straight!!! I raved about this place so much to my girlfriend back home in Austin, so the expectations from us were pretty high coming in on a Monday evening around 7 o'clock. The wait time was about 20 min., so it wasn't too bad and the restaurant was pretty full. So I ordered 3 of my fav dishes I had last time to share with my girlfriend. We had miso ramen w/ ajitama (seasoned egg) and corn, Kim chi fried rice, and cold noodles with sesame sauce...soMiso ramen- broth was a lil salty and luke  warm, cold corn (which prob made the broth luke warm), the noodles were stuck together in a ball shape, so that was obvious it wasn't boiled long enough. Kim chi Fried rice- was very wet and was obvious drenched with a lot of oilCold noodles- were a bit sour and visibly covered with way too much sesame sauce.I really don't understand the big drop off in the quality of taste and food and it saddens me to just give Monta 1 star ( star for good service) which seems harsh, but when you get food poisoning that causes your stomach to ache and many trips to the restrooms. How could you consider to go back...
4	Consistently delicious and quick Japanese Ramen.
5	It's been way too long! They've finally added a spicy tonkotsu, which is super bomb!
3	Finally got a chance to try this place..we came here a few weeks back and never for a chance to write my review.. So here I am, playing catch up! Anyway.. We've been hearing so many good things about this place.. So of course, it's bookmarked! I'm glad to say.. I tried it..& ehhh.. Well.. I've had better. Sorry fellow yelpers.. I took everyone's opinion and tried it when it came to my turn.. Just wasn't pleased.. The soup was weak.. Their pork was really soft though! Like melts in your mouth soft! So that's good.. I got their thick noodles.. & it was ok..my bf got thin noodles and he liked the thin ones better, my bf is crazy about this place though.. Then again he's crazy about every ramen place! Lol we also got the fried dumplings.. (Gyzo)? I forgot, but it tastes like any other friend dumplings I had.. I don't think it's anything special... Specially for that price.. Nope.. All in all, glad I got to try it.. Two bowls and one dumpling order came out to be $40 including tip and all add-on's in our ramen.. If you're ever in town.. Give it a try! The wait is pretty long though! Come in small groups! The place is tiny!
5	OMG! The Ramen here was fantastic! I went on Saturday Night around 5:20 and it was very packed! It's a little spot, so its very cramped.. but the wait was so worth it. I ordered the Gyoza, which was delicious and I ordered the Tonkotsu Ramen which was absolutely phenomenal! I would recommend this place to any and everyone and I plan to return soon! Best Ramen that I have ever had!
4	we ate here twice in 3 days! the first time we actually came to eat at the snowflake shavery for dessert, but noticed the crowd milling around monta and decided to throw our name on the waiting list. since we had our baby in tow, we weren't exactly expecting to wait it out. however, the woman working at monta was so incredibly nice, she save us a table and made it as comfortable as possible for the baby, even helping us store the stroller in the back! now to be honest we weren't incredibly hungry after the wonderful shavery but we managed to still enjoy my tonkotsu and shoyu ramen with the egg and my wife the black garlic oil flavored kuro ramen. I've definitely had better egg in my time so next time I'd try some other add on.while the food was good, the service was what stuck in our minds that first night. nicest wait staff ever! we also vowed to take my noodle loving 10 year old nephew and my sister when they rolled into town the next day.  so today we went around lunch time, and longer line so again we hit the snowflake shavery first! while waiting, we saw the flyer that they opened a monta in henderson! we'll definitely try that next. This time the wait was longer and we worked up our post-snow appetites...and score! the nephew and sister loved it! also i tried the takana fried rice this time which I thought was great. Just the right amount of spiciness and with the mustard green, unique from chinese fried rice. my better half had the shoyu ramen this time, which was indeed lighter than the tonkotsu broth. I think I preferred the tonkotsu but it was good to have tried them both.next stop will definitely be the one near my parents house on eastern. thanks yelp for the recommendation!
4	Monta Ramen is a very tiny ramen restaurant, with apparently, the best ramen in town. Now that I have tried it a few times, I would say that it is probably true. With the wait however, it just is not worth it suddenly. Especially because I am from Southern California, there are a lot more ramen places that is just as good, if not better, than Monta Ramen. But for the Las Vegas area, this has been the best place to get my ramen fix. The broth is super fresh and clean, not filled with like oils and things like that. The meat is super soft, which just melts in your mouth. The noodles are just how I like them, RAMEN noodles. One bowl is enough to satisfy your hunger. Now to mention the wait - my family and I waited 50 minutes for ramen noodles. Factoring that in, it was not worth it. The waitress even let back people who "left" from the waiting list, and came back! That's not what a waiting list does, if a party leaves, they are off the list. The waitress would squeeze the party back in. That just lengthens the time I am waiting outside, especially since she did it for two 5 person parties before mine. They have another Monta in Vegas now. Maybe that one is worth trying out.
5	Coming from Japan, I can attest to the authenticity of the ramen served here.  The flavor of the soup was so rich and delicious, it was truly a treat to get to eat here.  Probably one of the best ramen I've ever ate!
3	I'm not a big fan of Monta, maybe it's because I get sick every time I come here and eat something with the charsui (which I figured out after I was about to give up). Everyone else claims it's the best ramen in Las Vegas, maybe, but I haven't been to enough places around to say for certain just yet. So far it's a no for me, because of the way I get sick.Growing up in Japan with a Chinese family, I know what good ramen tastes like and they're decent but when they're busy the noodles are hard (not cooked long enough) which I hate, they have to be consistant! And on top of that I can't eat the charsui without getting sick which then it's game over for me for the day, so it usually ends with me giving it away to someone. So like I said, when it's busy they're not that consistant because they're trying to keep up with the demand and not be slow, but it shows in their cooking. I always get gyoza with my ramen and would feel weird if I didn't! Something I've done since I was a little child, besides the pair together taste great! The soup base itself is light as it should be, though sometimes I feel it's a bit salty (maybe my Asian taste buds were a little too active then, but it's good. Also depends on the one you want, I'm pretty traditional and don't stray from the shoyu (soy sauce base). The noodles is a hit and miss, since they're usually busy and rarely not, though I like going when most people aren't eating, the noodle can be either perfect or too hard for me. People like their noodles differently and not many places give you an option (very few in Japan do), but like I said hit and miss usually it's okay. Outside of their regular toppings you can add extra stuff like corn, butter, green onions, etc for some extra costs which isn't much at all! They also have kaedame which is a second helping of noodles, but you need to leave some soup base and not drink it if you're going to do that.Overall the price for what you get is decent and not too bad especially comparing it to places in Japan. My only complaint is that the charsui gets me sick every time I've eaten it and since I've stopped it's been okay.
5	One of the best Ramen places in US. It definitely goes into top three of our Ramen list. It's a bit crowded at dinner time and you might need to wait like 15 minutes. But once we had our food, all the waiting is worthwhile!It's a small place and we sat at counter. Once you got seated, the service is pretty fast. My bf ordered tonkotsu soyu and I got tonkotsu.The soup base if very thick and rich, very yummy, feels like a good stew from good pork. And the noodle is just right, not too soft and not too hard. Try eat noodle dipped in soup in one bite, it's heaven. :) I almost finished the whole bowl. The bowl is cheap like 6.95 - 8.95. You can add extra topping if you want. It only comes with chashu and a bit veggie for my meal but the good taste makes me happy enough.They don't have other sides or appetizers. As far as I remember, only gyozer and some fried rice. If I go LV later and want some Asian food, that'll probably be the first item popped into my mind.
4	the pork was delicately sliced and the broth was excellent. However, it was over an hour wait and we got there before it opened. it's comparable to the places I've tried in the SF Bay Area but I presume this is the best of Vegas so far.
5	Waited for like an hour but totally worth it! Gyoza was good but I was surprised it ddn't come with its own special sauce. Ramen is to die for ;)
5	Hands down the best tonkotsu ramen ever. I had the spicy tonkotsu ramen. It adds the taste to the broth, and it's not too spicy. Wife had shoyu ramen. Also taste great. The broth is not oily at all and the pork (chasu) melts in your mouth.Place is so small. We came about 5 minutes before they open for lunch on Friday and the line is already long outside. We had to wait for the next available table. It's definitely worth the wait. Service is great too.Definitely a pace to visit.
2	First time here. Arrived 30 minutes before they opened, with about 25 people ahead of us. Waited 1.5hrs to get in and after getting inside saw why. This place is small. I would say 20-25 people at the most can dine inside. Ordered the spicy tonkatsu and was not very impressed. I'll try the other new location before I decide on whether to eat at either location again but my initial experience wasn't good.
5	Best ramen I've had in the USA.I used to live in Japan, so I miss having the option of eating ramen. I've tried it at several places in the US, and haven't found anything close until I went to Monta. I always order the tonkatsu ramen and request the noodles to be on the hard side, which is called 'katame'. It adds a bit of texture to the noodles and is an option you can always ask for in Japan. This is one of the places I always stop at when I'm in Vegas.
5	First time eating "fancy" ramen as opposed to the top ramen I'm used to at home lol. When I went it was very busy so we had to put our name down and waited about 20 minutes or so. We got seated at the bar and my friend recommended the tonkatsu ramen with nori and egg. The messed up on our order and thought we said corn instead of nori but it wasn't a big deal. The waitress brought our our nori in a separate bowl and only charged us for the corn which was 25 cents cheaper than the nori :) The ramen was so good! Not too salty and not to watery, just perfect. Also when you eat the pork it literally melts in your mouth. Staff was great also. I will definitely be coming back here!
4	The first time I reviewed Monta almost 3 years ago (wow!), it was really my first experience with ramen.  Since then, ramen places have popped up all over the valley, giving Monta competition.  And, IMHO, the competition wins.  I won't name my favorite place in this review because we're not supposed to per TOS, but my most recent visit to Monta reinforced my higher regard for my favorite place down the street.  Not that Monta is terrible, mind you.  It has plenty of avid fans, my good friend being one; she doesn't like my favorite place at all.  We came here for lunch last week because she loves her some Monta; she comes here so often that the staff knows her order.  We arrived ten minutes before they opened on a Friday morning and there were already 25 people waiting in line!  Monta staff hand out a waiting list for everyone to sign in on, so that's how I know the number.  When we got in the doors, my friend and I plus one other couple were the last to be seated, so capacity in the joint is about 29 people, if my math is correct; this includes sitting at the counter.  We ended up at the counter and that was actually a fun place to be because we got to watch the cooks at work.  We both had the shoyu ramen and I added eggs and corn to mine.  It took about 30 minutes to get our food; I should have ordered an appetizer.  I usually get edamame, but they don't offer it on the menu--weird.  This is a very small space and once it fills up, the line is steady waiting for people to hurry up and eat.  It's been a while since I've been back here and the ramen is good, but given the choice, I choose the other place.
1	Its good for young people but its not good for the family.Waiting thirty five minutes outside and still not getting seat. It's very unorganized when they called the guests. They called whatever they like. People stands and comes inside also they don't have highchairs for your little one..Resto it's very small. It's like Motel 6 Hotel with tiny rooms and dirty.Pro: only tonkatsu deliciousCons: Waiting an hour to be from you write down your name until to have a food.           Serve very very slow...They make it very slow so looks like a lot of people a line but actually it's not like that if they serve fast. Their strategy made it this way.Won't comeback again. VERY DISAPPOINTING SERVICE!!!..
4	I'm always up for Ramen wherever I go.  You don't really think of eating ramen when your in Vegas but there are several good places in sin city.  I tried Monta when they were part of the crappy ramen festival last summer.  I got a bowl but by the time I got it I did enjoy it very much.  I wanted to give them another shot so I decided to hit this place up for a fresh bowl of noodles.  Like most ramen houses the place is small and the night we went there was a slight wait.Gyoza ~ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?select=q9h7EAzC1fSN5TIRBSwEtQ#q9h7EAzC1fSN5TIRBSwEtQ Of course you have to get some because it just goes well with Ramen.  These were pretty good with a crisp char.Kuro ~ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?userid=3H2VbXZ8upvCFncbi5xTcg#d9BleP8jELt3GECw45RQyA Which is tonkotsu with black mayu (garlic oil).  Because its tonkotsu/hakata broth the noodes are the straight white ones.  Broth was good.  Not really salty.  The black mayu brought out a nice garlic flavor.  Good amount of kikurage and bamboo shoots.  The chasu had a good equal amount of fat and meat with a good flavor to it.  It didn't come with ajitama so I had planned to order one on the side but totally forgot.  Would have liked to taste it to see how it compared to other places.Shoyu ~ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?select=2J_aZpdjND0tilpICKmk4Q#2J_aZpdjND0tilpICKmk4Q  Friend ordered the shoyu.  It had a great tasting broth.  The noodles were the yellow chijiri type.  It was slightly overcooked but it was pretty good.Service was hit and miss.  Usually you get your gyoza before ramen but we got it the other way around.  We also had ordered ice tea and soda but that never came.  It was taken off the bill.   Overall it was a decent bowl of ramen.  Since this is the first ramen spot I tried in Vegas I cant compare to the other places in the city.  I will stick with a 4 star for now. Eyes ~ Small place with lots of hungry peeps!Nose ~ Smells good!.Ear ~ Happy diners chatting and grubbing!Mouth ~ Ahhhh Ramen!!Tummy ~ Satisfied.
5	I was told on several occasions that Chinatown was the place to eat in Vegas. I didn't believe it until I took the first bite at Monta.It was a chilly day, and nothing could beat the satisfaction found at the bottom of that ramen bowl. Monta is tucked in a small strip small. There's limited seating inside, but we didn't wait long at all and sat at the bar. I actually prefer this since we could watch the kitchen in action.Everything is EXTREMELY affordable. I got a huge bowl of ramen (with a few addition) for the same price as 1 fancy hot dog on the strip. I opted for the Tonkotsu and added corn and egg. We also had the Gyoza to start. The Gyoza were perfect, so light and airy. Dipping them in a mix of soy with sesame oil with a dash of their spices made it that much better. The bowl of ramen was huge! I tried to force myself to finish it because it was so good. I was going to add spices to the broth, but it was fantastic on its own so I didn't mess with it. The noodles were soft and the egg was the perfect addition. I wish I could have another bowl right now with this cold outside!What I also enjoyed about this restaurant was the design. It wasn't the typical meh photo with a description underneath. They took the time to take beautiful photos of all their dishes and explain them appropriately. It really makes a difference.The staff was nice. The place was busy and they kept everything on pace. I will definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas.
2	On our quest for best ramen in Vegas, this was #2 of 3... TONKATSU RAMEN w/thick noodles + egg - Broth is an improvement from Sora, noodles still overdone.  Pork belly was melt-in-your-mouth, sliced thin and complemented the salty broth. COLD NOODLES(SESAME) rivaled Monkey's Gold Standard of Ramen, Daikokuya in Los Angeles...    A wait out the door did not exceed 45mins, as there are far more tables than Sora.  Monkey sat at the bar where you can see all the magic happen.  Sometimes you don't want to know how the trick is done, though.  Watching someone put the cooked pork in the same bin as the raw, troubled my mind on the way out.  I heard it being said, yet to see it happen, Monkey disappointed and feared the future sitting...Parking is somewhat better, even though it's a shared parking lot with several other businesses.
5	OMG!!!!This place is out of this world!! The menu is short and to the point but wow!! I usually don't give a place 5 stars but this was worth the short wait outside in the cold. Try any of the soups and I added corn for a more comfort food feel! The beverages and food overall was cheap for the quality.  I will be back and I can't wait!
5	Love the ramen. It was just what I needed after a long week in Vegas. Had the spicy tonkatsu with egg and was delicious. Adding to places that I will be back to while in Vegas.
4	This place I've heard is usually crowded and there's a bit of a wait but it's not too bad. The menu is short and sweet along with photos just how I like it. The food was delicious! I plan on heading back here again!
4	Alright, so in the 3 days 4 nights we were in Vegas, we came here twice....I love ramen! I can seriously eat it every single day of my life! They're pretty damn good and pretty close to the quality you would find in Japan....too bad we can't find a place like this in Chicago! I would 100% would have given this place  stars....if it wasn't for the snotty older waitress....My friends who recommended this place did specifically warned me about the older woman who doesn't crack a smile and does not understand the meaning of the word hospitality....Lady, you're bad for business! Either find a job you like or crack a smile and be more welcoming! But service is quick like any ramen place should be, and the broth to noodle ratio was perfect! I loved how their noodles were not in a giant ball and it was cooked the right way. You go to crappy places, you get noodles that are over cooked like  olive garden or almost stiff noodles as if ramen is meant to be al dente pasta. Monta's broth was pretty darn good too! I only wish they didn't charge ridiculous amounts for the extra topping....what could be a mind blowing cheap mean turns into a meal where I spent just as much on the toppings as the bowl of ramen itself.
4	So last time I was here in this plaza I notice 5 restaurants. But Monta had a line just to get in. Like out the door make you think that place must be Good kind of line. If you ain't one of the first 25 ppl in there as soon as they open. You gonna wait. Either way a wait well Worth It. So far The Best Ramen I ever had.
3	I like this place, but have come less over time because of the crowds you have to fight through to get a table here. If you come on a weekend, expect to wait 30-45 min to get a table since they don't have very many. Enjoyed it a lot more the 1st few times I came here but have been less impressed lately. Seems like as it's gotten more crowded, the food quality and service has gone downhill.I've had the ramen, fried rice, and pork belly bowl here and nearly any choice you get is pretty decent. Sometimes you may get a bowl of ramen that's a little saltier than others...I'm sure this is directly related to how busy they've gotten. Hopefully they will look into expanding or adding another location to alleviate the crowd issue here.
5	Oh lord, ramen at its best!This is a must visit place for all my Vegas trips from now-on.The place is small, but the service is quite quick.Be prepared to wait for quite awhile to be seated if the restaurant is booming.  Due to limited seating and people seeming to socialize with their friends, the wait time may be ridiculous.The food is great, but their should be a plan to keep the flow moving.  Other than that, and since that cannot yet be controlled without a proper setup in the restaurant layout, I still give this place a 5 for being as best as it could be.
5	It is a tradition...and a MUST to eat some sort of noodle and soup combo after a long inebriated weekend in Las Vegas. Monta Ramen is one of my go-to spots upon exiting the city of sin.Very small location, but huge flavors!Get here early or you will be getting blue-balled by the aroma and presence of the MONTA RAMEN.*Oh yes...if you need a place to hang out or wait...I suggest the bar across the plaza...$4 beers and video casino games kept me entertained.When we sat down, they had 2 specials: Kuro Ramen and Spicy Tonkatsu. Both sounded absolutely amazing...it took me a while to figure out which bowl I should get...but I finally came to a conclusion within minutes. I ORDERED BOTH!In addition, I also ordered a bowl of Pork Belly with rice and a nice Sapporo to go with the meal. Oh yes, how could I forget...GETTING AN EGG IS A MUST!The food came out...everything was heavenly. The noodle was firm to an appropriate al dente - ramen style. The broth wasnt too thick where it came off as a sauce. Hearty, packed with immense flavor, and delicious. So delicious that all the asians DID NOT want to waste the extra effort and time to publish their food on facebook or instagramn. My experience was great. The only thing that sucked was the 4 hour drive home to OC + food coma + food baby.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
5	I have tried pretty much all the ramen place in LA n this place is like the #1 ramen on my list (daikokuya in little Tokyo is #1 tooo!!!) The soup base for the ramen was incredible i've never tasted anything this good (not too salty, n rich in beef flavor, plus the soup is not like liquid, its a little bit thick n jelly-ish). I also order the fried rice.... holy mother of monkey balls.... it was so good I didn't know someone can cook fried rice to this level... this place is incredible. A MUST TRY ramen if ur in vegas.
5	This is the best place in Vegas to have Ramen! Seating is minimal but we'll worth the wait. Friendly service and price is on point.
5	Best Tonkatsu ramen in LV in my opinion.  Much better than Sora which was a disappointing experience.
5	The Best Ramen in Las VegasI have been a regular here at Monta Ramen for quite some time and have been recommending this noodle house for many. Pros: Monta Ramen provides a traditional Japanese style ambiance with transparent view in kitchen that portrays confidence and quality in its product. Monta's Tonkatsu style ramen is delicious and perfectly prepared. The broth never gets old and is always ready to fulfill. Monta offers perfectly balanced side dishes (fried rice, gyoza, etc) and options to upgrade ramen dishes.  Service is quick and generally helpful. Cons: The size of the restaurant is small and can be an issue when hosting larger parties. The wait time especially during prime hours (lunch and dinner) can be an issue. All parties must be present upon seating. Be weary of writing your name down on the clipboard; my party got overlooked recently and the host sat three parties before mine. Overall, the quality of food trumps the service.  A must visit for tourists!
2	I do not understand the hype about this place. It's cramped, hella dark, and their soup is SALTY. I am a fan of salt, but after eating here, I always get a sodium induced headache. I have tried this place THREE times (in hopes that maybe each time was just an 'off-night') but every time we have visited, same experience. Pros- The service is great, the toppings to the ramen are delicious, and the food comes out fast..... But it's just not enough to keep me coming back.
5	Excellent service.  Tonkotsu shoyu ramen is my favorite.  Love this place I know it's super busy but its worth the wait. I've never had a bad experience there and I at least go there twice a month. I love it when the manager is the cook she is best!!!
4	What makes their ramen really good is the chashu. It is tender and flavorful.Their gyoza is pan fried, but I prefer deep fried.The only thing I don't like about this place is that it's too small & claustrophobic.There's almost always a wait for a table unless you go during off-peak hours.Once you get seated, the service is pretty good.
3	Don't come here for the tonkotsu ramen. We came here for lunch and the wait was about 40 minutes.  The service was quick and friendly but the place felt a bit dirty, was a bit dark, and the seating was very cramped together.  I ordered the tonkotsu ramen with flavored eggs and seaweed.  Do Not Order this.   The broth was disappointingly salty and thick.   Seriously salty!  I had to go through 2 full cups of water and I still felt that wasn't enough.   After 1/3 of the way, I had to eat the ramen without the broth, which was unfortunate because the broth is what makes the ramen.  On the upper side, the noodles and eggs were perfectly cooked!Would I come back?  Probably not.   Again, don't order the tonkotsu ramen unless you want to be on a sodium high.
3	This is a small ramen shop in the back of a little plaza, there were people waiting outside before I got there (about 9:15pm on a Saturday night), and an even longer line by the time we ate and left (10:30pm). This is typical of ramen restaurants - the service was friendly and pretty quick (minus the waiting for a table part), but the reason for the 3-stars is the incredibly salty broth. I love ramen and have eaten at some of the best places in LA, and this just cannot compare. The noodles and toppings are fine, but the broth is so salty (and almost thick) that I couldn't even drink it. Perhaps it gets salter when it's later in the day, but I would not want to go back.
4	We came here on a saturday afternoon around 1220 and it was super packed. We waited for an hourish but it's also because we had a party of 9. This place is right next to Raku and a korean restaurant. We ordered a bowl of Tonkotsu shoyu ramen with an extra order of egg, kimchee fried rice, and gyoza. Let's actually start with the ramen which was the most disappointing dish of the 3....HOWEVER it was better than I expected. I have recently lost my hope for ramen so this place was actually better than I expected. The broth was a bit too salty for my taste but the chashu was really good. The noodles weren't bad. The gyoza was really good. It was crispy and the inside of it was juicy and perfectly seasoned. The skin wasn't too thick so it had that perfect crispy to it when you bite into it. The Kimchee Fried rice was the shiitttt. No joke. I think I'm gonna have dreams about the kimchee fried rice to be honest. It was moist and tasty. So much seasoning to it and there's little kick to it from the kimchee. There are restaurants that makes it super dry but Monta made it perfectly. Obviously it is oily, but it is seriously bomb-diggity good. It was sooooo good that we ordered a to-go right before we left and we ate it at midnight. We ate it cold cause there was no microwave in the hotel but it was still so damnnn good.I would seriously come back only to get the fried rice...I'm really curious about the takana fried rice too. Service was actually really good and I actually gave Monta a 4 just because of the fried rice...or else I would probably give it a two stars. The lesson is...you come early to avoid the wait, you get the fried rice, and be happy with life.
4	I crave Monta Ramen. It's a staple example of decently priced, quality, authentic food that's worth the comeback visit(s). Although fair warning, beware the wait times and lines for this anticipated and sought out food.    I have had most variations here and there, but I am a die hard miso fan and prefer to try the miso anywhere. There is only 4 broth bases to choose from along with the occasional special, as well as a nice side menu with a lot of other small dishes to choose from. As for the Miso. The salty creaminess with those thick bodied noodles always fulfills the appetite and keeps the taste buds impatient to scoff down more. Simply comes with 2 pieces of Chatsu pork, bamboo shoots, scallions, and mushroom.A little skimpy with pork in my opinion, but it temps me to order extra because it really is the best I've ever had. So rich and flavorful and tender. Fat and all should absolutely be savored. You must also pay for additional toppings such as butter, nori, etc. I either get a side of kimchi or the small pork belly bowl which is equally delicious and abundantly layered in a rice bowl.I applaud the waitresses for their patience and kindness. The place is almost always beyond busy and full, yet they still handle and attend to customers quickly and with a good attitude. I always recommend to friends, but this is a fairly fairly small venue for such popularity (they have also recently opened another one in Henderson) so either have a treat for adventurous self, or go with a few friends, but not very accommodating for very large parties.
4	I've had a lot of ramen in Las Vegas and Monta is my go-to ramen place; hands down the best ramen I've had in town. I usually order a Tonkotsu or a Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen with extra Pork Chashu (4pcs for 2.50). Occasionally I also get the regular size Pork Belly Bowl.Their ramen broth is full of flavor and you can mix and match a variety of different toppings to your liking for a cheap price. They give you a large and filling amount of ramen in your first bowl and if you're still hungry you can order another bowl of ramen noodles (Kaedama) for $1.50You do need to save some of your broth though because they will give you a bowl of noodles and that's it.As much as I want to give this place 5 stars, the only thing holding me back is their service. I always feel like I am being rushed to order, eat, pay, and leave so another party can take my seat. I don't blame them because it's always packed and they have to fit everyone who has been waiting in line, but it does suck when you feel like you're being rushed to eat good food.Overall, I love this place. I try not to come here with large parties because of the amount of time it would take to get the open tables. But this is definitely one of my favorite places for a good, affordable meal.
5	I freggin' love Monta Ramen. This baby is made of mostly Miso Ramen and thin noodles...let me explain.I'm pregnant, and Monta Ramen was already an obsession before this pregnancy, been a customer for years...but now...the obsession is on overdrive. The broth, all 4 choices, are always consistent in flavor. Ramen Sora, right down the street from Monta, is a good spot also but the flavor of their broth choices are not consistent; and if I'm craving ramen, I like to know the flavor will be what I expect....and Monta does it for me. This place is almost always packed.If you're a first time Monta visitor, here are some suggestions based on the embarrassing amount of times I've been there and taken newbies with me:Always order your noodles al dente, whether you're getting the thin noodles or wavy noodles. If you're into a thinner broth, order the Shoyu Ramen.If you're into a thicker and richer broth, order the Tonkatsu Ramen - no jokes, this stuff is super rich...and heavy on the pork flavor.Order all the topping on the side, so you don't have to fish out the stuff you realize you don't like. My favorite....the Miso Ramen with thin al dente noodles. 2/3 of the time, I order extra noodles after I demolish the first round. Hope you enjoy your experience there!
3	Nothing special, other than the fact that in addition to pork broth they also have chicken broth (Halal friendly!!) Though I've had better ramen, this will do the job when you're hungover. Prices are normal. Get there early, as the line is LONG. We got there 10 mins before it opened and still has to wait 30 minutes to be seated--the line was THAT long.
5	I would have to say that Monta is the best ramen joint in Vegas that I've been to. $7-$8 for a bowl (that's pretty big in my opinion) and it's worth every penny. You can add extra toppings and or even order extra noodles if you're still hungry. They also have a variety of side dishes that you can order with your meal. When I go to monta, I usually order a tonkatsu ramen. I like to get thick-wavy noodles instead of thin noodles as well. Ramen usually comes with two pieces of pork chashu, bamboo shoots, black mushrooms, and green onions.Their broth is flavorful and thick in a way. I swear it's pretty freaking good. The bowl usually comes pretty fast even if the place may be packed so that's a plus as well. I also enjoy their pork belly bowl. Their rice to meat portion seems just right to me! And of course, it tastes great!If you want to eat at Monta during the night, you have a really high chance of having to wait to be seated. Monta is pretty small and they can only seat so little at a time. If you're patient this place is worth the wait! Another thing, if you have a big party you should make sure that EVERYONE is present. If not they'll let another party go instead and wait til your party is all there.
4	This is one of two ramen joints in town that are worth visiting: Monta and Fukumimi. The tenderness of their pork belly is amazing and really makes the dish. Their tonkotsu (pork) broth is my favorite, especially if you get it with their special called kuro ramen (black ramen) which adds a black garlic sauce.Fukumimi doesn't have nearly as good char sui (braised pork belly slices) but I think their broth is slightly better.
5	This review is long overdue, but from what I remember, the service was quick, the broth was tasty, and the food was fairly inexpensive.  It's a really small restaurant, so prepare to wait if coming during the meal rush.
5	This place is amazing. One of the best ramen spots in Vegas. If you have the patience to wait the occasional long lines it's well worth it. It's a pre work meal for me on occasion. It's a same spot so you have to wait a while to get seated. I recommend this spot without a doubt.
5	Monta is the real deal, go here.The restaurant is pretty small and you can almost count that there will be a wait any time of day, in fact, when they open for lunch at 11 there is often a line already forming.OK the food:-Miso Ramen is FANTASTIC,  it is my go to.The broth  is delicious and the noodles are chewy and plentiful, there is also the most tender sliced pork on top. You can also get extra items like more pork, butter, corn, sliced egg, all make your soup even better.- Pork  Belly Over Rice is a winner, just like it sounds, the pork belly will melt in your mouth.- Gyoza is the best I have ever had!!The atmosphere is nice and the service is quick and friendly.
3	Awesome pork - tender and flavorful. Broth a bit heavy. Considering it got shut down by health department a while back, I never went back. Very crowded, dark and cramped.
4	The best ramen in Las Vegas! Simple menu selection and very friendly staff. I recommend the pork belly bowl (best dish in the house) and the spicy Tonkotsu ramen. You won't be disappointed!!
5	I love this place!  Whenever I want ramen this is the only place I come.  Granted its very small and there is usually a wait for a table but the food is worth it. If you're on the other side of town they're is another location it's much bigger and still had the heat same food
5	Monta Ramen was the first ramen place I had ever been to in Las Vegas and my first experience with ramen that did not come in a bag or cup. I have been here many times since then and it is still one of my favorites ones. The restaurant itself is definitely small and often busy but it is always worth the wait. The tonkotsu is wonderfully porky and now you can get it spicy if that is your thing. My favorite part is the thin, dense noodles. There are days that I crave these noodles specifically and that is when I come to Monta.
3	The broth here is amazing.  I think the noodles could be better but thats probably a preference if you like the skinny noodles or the Thick noodles.  I'm preferential to the chewy kind.  Place is small so it makes it feel like you are in Japan.  Service is good...and what Japanese restaurant doesn't have good service....overall its not bad...just wish they had thicker noodles
3	My husband and I went pretty much as soon as we found out about this place, ramen junkies that we are. The thing is, I really wish this website allowed half star ratings, because I would have rated it 3 1/2. What really brings it down in my mind are the noodles. The atmosphere was fine and the staff are friendly. But the noodles... They are too starchy and separated, and not very fresh-tasting. Frowny face.The broth, however, was something else entirely. Our bowl of Tonketsu ramen was perfectly salty and flavorful, and the texture of the broth wasn't grainy or too fatty. The other toppings and chashu pork were fine, but in my opinion, the chashu at Ramen Sora down the street is far superior.All in all, it certainly wasn't a bad eating experience, but I didn't enjoy my noodles very much, and man can not live on broth alone.
4	Not the biggest Ramen fan but this place is really good! My son had a pork belly bowl he loved it!
4	Craving ramen and deciding to be break-away from our normal habits, my boyfriend and I decided to try Monta, hearing so many good things about the place. We went on a Tuesday night and their small space was packed to the brim. We put our name on the waiting list and were seated in about 15-20 minutes of coming in.I decided to get the Tonkotsu Shoyu ramen. The food came out decently fast, even with how busy they were, so thats a plus. The food was absolutely delicious and I have nothing bad to say about it! But it kind of tasted like every other ramen I've had before so it wasn't anything special.Overall, this place is a great place to go when you're craving a good bowl of ramen but don't go on a busy night. The space is insanely small so you most likely wouldn't get seated for over an hour. The ramen is good but it isn't worth the wait.
5	I love this place ! Great service, food, and price. I definitely recommend this place if you love Ramen.
4	The restaurant is small and can be busy.  I had the tonkotsu ramen and it was very delicious.  The soup was delicious and the ramen noodle is different from what i've had at other ramen house.  It was thinner type of noodle and it was cooked perfectly.  Overall the ramen was great and would come here again.
4	Monta, according to one of my friends who lived in Japan, is as close to authentic Japanese ramen as you can get in Las Vegas. I'll take his word for it.The small ramen joint does not fit many and there is often a wait. Your entire group has to be there in order to be seated as well. There is a $10 minimum for card.The waitresses are obviously experienced and seemlessly work together and with the chefs to efficiently serve customers. They are friendly, but not overly so. Food comes quickly as well because their menu is pretty small.My usual order is a miso ramen with corn. The main reason I get corn is because the broth is a little too salty. Many people complain about this but I never really felt the extent of Monta's salty broth until the past year or so. It just seems thicker and more unhealthy than it used to be. I'm not sure if their recipes changed or if my tastes changed.You get nori, chashu, and bamboo. Condiments you can add include garlic puree, pickled ginger, sesame oil, soy sauce, sesame seeds, and chili powder. One thing that used to bother me when I first started coming here was that they only have green tea iced and in a can. They also have a few other dishes besides the various ramen, including rice bowls, friend rice, cold noodles, and gyoza. For recent additions to the menu, they have the option to make your noodles spicy (+$1) or the kuro ramen, which is black garlic ramen. It's actually pretty tasty in my opinion, but I am an avid eater of garlic.Regardless of the heavy mouthfeel of the ramen, the consistent service and food keeps regulars like me coming back.
5	Tonkotsu shoyu ramen. We could have this after the dinner. Too good to not to take it... Lol
4	Not bad, Monta Ramen... not bad at all. Three of my friends and I came here after a night dancing looking for some soup to appease our parched bodies. Here are some things you should expect: 1. ParkingEasy peasy. There is a big lot, so no need to worry about that.2. The waitOh my goodness. We came to this place like 40 minutes before it opened, and there was ALREADY A LINE. This being said, I HIGHLY recommend coming early & waiting, unless you want to be in the hot Las Vegas sun, grumpy, hungry, hungover and sweaty. 3. The ramenI ordered the new spicy tonkatsu ramen with an egg. It was SO GOOD! The broth was very flavorful and not too salty (although, I've been told that I have a salty palette.. to each his own.). The pork in the ramen was soft and melted in my mouth! My only regret is not getting extra. My boyfriend got the tonkatsu shoyu ramen with fat noodles, which was good, but definitely not as good as mine... I think his was TOO salty for my taste (which again, has been known to be on the salty side). Even thought my ramen was overall really good, I couldn't finish it because it felt way too heavy/greasy in my stomach. I actually ended up with a small stomach ache after. 4. The serviceOkay, I guess I have to cut some slack here, because there were only 2 workers manning the floor, but it took FOREVER to order/flag someone down... it kind of felt like they were ignoring us on purpose at first. Nobody likes to have to compete for attention! #middlechildsyndrome #i'mnotevenamiddlechild #yelpdoesntevendohashtags5. The valueSUPER CHEAP! Also, a coke was only ONE DOLLAH! To me, that seems unheard of in a restaurant... All in all, I recommend it. If you're like me and you easily get stomach aches from food that is too heavy, buttery or greasy, I'd recommend getting a coke or a sprite with your ramen so that you can burp all out alll dat ish.
5	This is the first restaurant I go to whenever I visit Vegas.  No joke.  Me and my gf eat here as soon as I get off the plane, it's that good.  We first tried Monta before it received all of its well-deserved notoriety, and were able to get seated right away.  Not anymore; expect long lines until near closing time.  The atmosphere is very authentic, very small and very loud and simultaneously chill.  Service is excellent despite there being only two people working the floor at any given moment.I always order the miso ramen with extra chasu.  It used to be my favorite until I noticed that it got a little saltier in the last few months.  So I've switched to regular Tonkotsu.  What sets Monta apart, in my opinion, is the melt-in-your-mouth goodness of the chashu, and the depth of the broth.  I consider Monta to be in the top 3 pantheon of ramen in the Western US, besting Daikokuya in Los Angeles and Hakata in Gardena.  You must try this place if you are in Vegas.
4	This is the spot for Ramen. My family and I travel from the NW part of Vegas near Summerlin when we want our fix. We always order the tonkatsu shoyu with thin noodles and it is never a disappointment. The place is super small which sucks for a large size party or one with little ones (our case). That means you have no choice but to wait for one of the 4 tables to clear and you find yourself awkwardly staring at the people to see who will be done soon. This is not a place to sit and chat. Just eat and go. It gets packed ALL the time. We had to put a system in place where we drive up, someone hops out the car, puts the name on the list, THEN we look for parking, and sit in the car to wait LOL. We tried a Ramen place up the street and it just did not compare with Monta. It was more spacious with less of a wait time but that didn't make up for the Ramen. We'd rather wait and let claustrophobia kick in at Monta because it is so worth it :)
4	Now this place is awesome, Great atmosphere! I feel like I am in a real Ramen house with all the hustle and bustle being around the small yet very effective kitchen. I got the Miso ramen and ordered a hard boiled egg. The broth was amazing, well seasoned and was not overpowering. The Ramen itself was cooked perfect and the chasu was melt in your mouth! The egg was like the icing on top. All the flavors came together in perfect harmony and was such a treat to eat. I have eaten here multiple times and is a place that I highly recommend! If you have family coming into town, this is definitely a place that you should bring them to. If you are coming to Vegas then this is also a place you should go and try, it is off the beaten path but it is worth it. Great place and will be back time and time again.
5	I had tried ramen two times before this. I did not like it. At all. So when my bf asked me to go with him here I was to be honest not so excited about it. So I ordered gyoza and shared the pork belly bowl and told my bf to just order his ramen and I would try it. Omg! The ramen was awesome I think he ordered the shoyu (spelling?) ramen! I actually liked it. Will definitely get my own bowl next time :)))And the pork belly bowl ahhhhh my good it was soooo delicious. The gyoza which are usually my favorite were just ok. Go eat ramen at monta ramen even if u haven't liked it in the past.
3	I have been going to a lot of ramen places lately, looking for the best ones.  Some have been amazing, some not so much.  This place was sort of in the middle.  It's very small, which is appropriate for a ramen shop.  Our party of three waited for about half an hour for a table on a Friday around noon, which was to be expected.  We were seated at the bar, which has a nice little shelf underneath to put your purses on.  =)  I ordered the miso ramen and added boiled egg (nitamago).  The first few bites I thought were delicious.  Then the saltiness became a little too much for me.  I couldn't eat it all, and took about half of it home in a to-go container.  I had the rest the next day, and again, it was tasty but way too salty.  And I usually love salt.  I still ate it though.  Someone else in my party ordered the kuro ramen and loved it.  I'd go back, but maybe try a different flavor.
5	So this may be one of the better ramen places i've had in america (only have had in texas and vegas) but i've been to japan and had around 20 different bowls there. SInce japan, if i see ramen ill get it, only to relive that trip.Monta, i probably the closest to authentic ramen that i've had outside of japan. Their broth is rich and has the body that a good tonkotsu broth is suppose to. The chashu is very tender and soft, but still holds its shape and doesnt fall apart. Monta just has everything spot on.This is a definite visit when i visit Las Vegas again 5 stars!
3	Tonkatsu was nice. Little creamy. The Kimche rice was delicious with the red ginger but the miso soup was so salty we couldn't finish it. Alright place for ramen.
5	Make sure to go over the specials.  I missed my chance to have spicy tonkatsu but it's okay, cause the regular tonkatsu was PERFECT.  The garlic oil ramen was amazing as well.  I kept stealing spoonfuls from my boyfriend's bowl. Definitely going to come back here every time I'm in Vegas.  Def going at 5PM because we were able to get seats quick!
5	Short: Everyone in Vegas, local or traveler, should go here. Best ramen I've ever had (and I've had a lot).Long: I'm a very critical person who isn't impressed very easily. Most of my reviews on Yelp have 3, and the rare 4 stars. This is worth 5 stars. I went here with a friend, were a couple minutes late and had to wait. It's not in the best place in the shopping center, but doesn't matter much. Get here when they open if you don't want to wait.We ordered their specialty Tankatsu ramen, and was served within 10 minutes (very quick). Noodles were packaged, but very good. The roasted pork on top was thin, but tender and flavorful. The rest of the toppings; mushrooms and bamboo shoots and green onion helped the ramen nicely. What makes it all go together was the soup stock. Amazing. On top of that, for $7 the price is totally right. Not too cheap, not too expensive. And worth every penny.Like other reviews compare, the only contender to Monta Ramen is Sora Ramen. I suggest Monta first, definitely. I believe it's on an entire different level than Sora. But, Sora's extra cost does get you more: Thicker meat, more soup, a tad bit better topping, but the noodles and soup stock isn't as good.Second visit: Still amazing. Had the mini mentaiko bowl. It was good, and a nice side.Third visit: Still amazing.
5	The ramen is amazing! The broth is on point (spicy tonkotsu), the noodles were cooked wonderfully, and the adds were just right for me! -add ons: corn, seaweed, soft boiled egg, tender pork slices, and a little green onion. I also had the gyoza, which I made my own concoction dipping sauce from all of the different spices from the table condiments. Yum!
5	Yes there IS a light at the end of the Spring Mountain Road Chinese/Vietnamese restaurant tunnel!  Tucked away in the back of a somewhat crowded strip mall (on your right hand side as you pass Decatur going up Spring Mountain) is Monta Ramen.  As with most Japanese Ramen houses, this place is tiny but I think that's what makes it feel so authentic. What sets Monta apart from the others I've tried is the deliciously rich pork bone soup base that you know has been simmering for hours on end.  The noodles are perfect, not too firm but not soggy and the portions are just right.  And if you're crazy enough in thinking about adding that ridiculously priced $1.50 egg, do it.  Even though it costs the same as almost a dozen at the supermarket you won't regret it because it's semi runny/creamy texture blends perfectly with the soup.  Sitting at the bar, digging into my bowl of noodle heaven made me feel like I needed to start loudly slurping to show my appreciation. If you're in the area Monta is definitely not to be missed...or actually don't go, it'll be a shorter wait for me.  :)
5	Being a huge fan of noodles I consider myself somewhat of an expert on noodles.  Finding this place by searching on Yelp I really did not expect what I found.  The food here is absolutely awesome.  I could say all of the things that everyone else uses to describe the food here but for me it wouldn't be enough.  I have taken detours from cross country driving just to come here.  To me it is worth losing a day of travel time just to enjoy their food.  Recently my Dentist informed me that he had a 3 day conference in LV so I directed him to Monta.  When he came back he told me it was so good that he ate there 6 times in 3 days which means he had lunch and dinner there for 3 days in a row.  If that isn't proof of how totally awesome Monta is then nothing is.  For me it is as good as any I have had the pleasure of enjoying though I do personally consider it the best.  I have nothing against the Ramen in Japan as that is considered the mecca of ramen but Monta seems to have come from a back alley of Tokyo and shines much brighter.  At this very moment I am craving a bowl but just cannot run to Vegas right now but I would if I could because it is that good.
3	First off, this ramen place is in a favorite plaza of mine known for amazing food: Trattoria Nakamura-ya, Snowflake Shavery, Zen? I have had this place on my bookmarks for a while.Stopped in today for a solo lunch- was seated quick as there was a spare spot open at the bar, but when I first went in there was a wait list. Yes, at 3PM on a Saturday. Plan ahead if you're going with a group!Service was great- two super-sweet ladies were attentive and friendly throughout my visit. Placed my order for the tonkotsu-shoyu ramen, added the egg, nori, and shredded green onion. Initially I was put off by having to add on my favorite ingredients separately, but the silver lining to doing so was that I was able to meet the $10 credit card minimum without buying a separate appetizer.While waiting for my bowl, I was entertained watching the guys in the kitchen making endless batches of noodles. Got my order fairly quick as the restaurant started emptying out a bit.My first reaction was one of happy surprise: the steep $1.50 fee for green onion got me a shredded nest of it atop my bowl, an unexpectedly gigantic amount that found itself in every bite I took. In a good way! Found the noodles to be thinner than I prefer but cooked to a perfect al dente. Shredded the nori into small pieces to distribute throughout my bites. The broth lacked the depth that I've had elsewhere, but I was pleasantly surprised to use the brown garlic oil on the table and get a robust improvement in the flavor. Potential new favorite condiment alert!Sad to note that the chashu was somehow lost among the kicked-up broth and sea of shredded onion. What is usually a highlight of my ramen experience was just mediocre here, the cut I had was not fatty nor was it particularly flavorful either.I will likely be back because service was great and there are other varieties to try on the menu, but I was slightly underwhelmed by the bowl I got today. Location is everything though, and this noodle house is conveniently located and will likely result in repeat visits.
4	This place is awesome for fresh Japanese noodles.  The spicy tonkotsu is excellent.  Don't forget the kimchi fried rice.  Everything on the menu is excellent.
4	love this plaza! in this plaza there's foot massage, japanese curry, fluffy snow ice AND ramen!! it's basically your one stop shop to heaven! the ramen here is super flavorful and you can ask for thick or thin noodles. I also love the soft boiled egg. yummy. the fried rice and gyoza is good too! Go during off meal times to avoid waits!
5	The wife and I love it... the kids love it... great food! The place is extremely small for a really popular place. Expect to wait for a table for at least 15 to 20 mins. It's that popular. It's very worth it though. As a family, we have gone many times
5	Terrific spicy tonkotsu soup and the pork bellies wil  awesome defienetly going back for another more
5	So far the best ramen i had in Vegas. The fried rice is pretty good, it's a small portion tho.
4	I had the shoyu ramen with egg. I didnt like the egg since it wasnt well done. But the soup was great especially on a cold day.The pork belly bowl was delicious and the gyoza. I gave it a 4 star cos of the place its too small and crowded. I feel crammed in the restaurant.
3	I thought the fried rice and fried rice special dishes were awesome!  But, the soup was a little too salty.  :(   A friend of mine who is Asian said that some of the places do not mean for you to drink the broth, that it is for flavoring the meat and other stuff in the soup.  I really don't understand that.The seating was pretty tight and some of the people sat around texting for a long time while we were waiting.  Maybe they should have some kind of alarm/timer to get people to get up and get a move-on!!  Other people are hungry....But, overall it was good.  Might try a few other places though....
3	This place was very busy at 4:00pm.  We ordered the miso ramen and fried rice.  Both were ok but, nothing special.   Prices were reasonable.
5	Very good place to go after partying all night... The ramen fills the stomach and helps the burn of alcohol. I like how they kept the place small so it had an authentic Japanese ramen house feel. Food is inexpensive and the wait is not as bad as other ramen places I have visited. The meat just melts in your mouth and has a very soft texture. You can order the noodles hard if you want to help with the hangover from raging all night.  The style of the ramen is very similar to the ones I had in Fukuoka japan.  A must visit especially if you are hungover from the night before.
5	love their soup noodle, the soup taste so good. Price is very good. But bad customer service + long waiting time.
4	My favorite type of place by concept. When the wait is SO worth it. But we waited 2 hours to find that they had called our name 30 min after we had listed ourselves... it didn't matter, we just wanted what we came for-- ramen.By the time we sat, our large intestine had eaten our small intestines (or so it felt) so we had to order something to tide us over while waiting for ramen, and the fried rice and pork belly bowl were absolutely delicious and did the trick. I ordered the special black garlic tonkatsu ramen and bear had the regular. The noodles were perfect, the bowl came out immaculate. I did learn that as much as I LOVE animal fat, I am not a tonkatsu broth fan. There was too much black garlic oil in my bowl as it over-encompassed every bite, and I feel like it should have been more of a nuance... so I could barely eat half the bowl. But I could see the quality and consistency (otherwise) in their food. Service was prompt and friendly. Wish I was closer to give it another 5 shots, I'd wait 2 hours again.
5	A friend and I stopped by around 1:30 on a Saturday. We were about 5th down the waiting list but did not wait very long. The service was quick and efficient. We ordered the Miso Ramen and the Shoyu ramen. They were both delicious. The noodles were perfectly cooked. We ordered the flavored egg in our ramen and they were AMAZING. The egg white was amazingly tender while the yolk was perfectly runny and flavorful. The broth was a tad salty if you're just drinking it when you're done with the noodles. But other than that, it was a wonderful experience.
5	This small crowded place makes the awesome ramen in the area. If you sick of the buffets and over priced restaurants in the strip. Then have a nice bowl of noddles where you dont see slot machines.
5	This place is absolutely wonderful! The restaurant may not be very spacious, but the food is great. The food is also very cheap, considering the food proportion they give out. Overall, I recommend this place for its authentic, inexpensive, and great quality foods.
5	the best taste.
5	Love this place three time here!!
5	Some of the best broth I've ever tasted. Slightly salty but worth it with The draft Beer and the mustard green fried rice is out o this world. Deep flavor and addicting to say the least. And in the Summer months the cold noodles with ponzu sauce is worth the trip alone!
5	First time eating Japanese food and is was great:) My friend from Japan came with me and my boyfriend. We loved it and will start being regulars:) The place only seats about  25-30 people if that:( It is defiantly my diamond in the ruff!!
4	Ramen is good. Pork Belly bowl is best! If ur rolling ten deep go mid afternoon - only way u'll get in! Broth rocks -  Tonkatsu shoyu is my fave. Spicy Tonkatsu is decent.  I suggest switching to the thicker noodles - much better in my view.  The fried rice and gyoza is notable as well. This review is a lil' late as I hadn't realized it was still in my draft pile.  Monta is amazing - I'll def be back the next time I'm in Vegas!
4	The food here is good, but I was surprisingly more satisfied with the kimchi fried rice than the ramen! The kimchi fried rice was so good that we ordered some to-go to eat as a snack. The ramen: noodles were good, chashu was good, broth was average. Gyoza was also a nice starter to share.Don't come with a lot of people.... unless you are willing to wait... almost 2 hours....
5	Ok, before I start my actual review, PLEASE READ: when you go to this restaurant, it is not a "sit and chat" type place. It is a traditional Japanese ramen shop where you eat your ramen fast and leave. Not trying to sound rude or pushy, but please respect this Japanese tradition. Plus, the line gets really long really fast, especially at noon.The spicy Tonkotsu Ramen is my favorite. It's always listed as a special. I get that with corn added in. I LOVE IT. The kimchi rice is my second favorite. My parents love the cold noodles too. It's just such a unique menu despite being so short. But hey, studies show that with fewer choices, you're usually happier. If you aren't full after one bowl, you can ask for a refill of noodles for (I believe it's $2). But they won't give you extra broth for that cost, so save enough broth if you know you'll need another serving.
5	If you are a ramen fan, this is the place to be! Incredible taste all around with their whole entire menu selection!!! Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen -the soup was perfectly seasoned and the noodles were done in perfection. Highly recommended to order with additional sides (egg and seaweed) to complete the flavor. Also I was able to ask the waitress to take out the bamboo shoots as I don't like the taste and it's used as soup filler. This is a small place and it gets packed quick. It you want to come eat at this place, you should be prepared to wait in line or go early before the rush hour.
5	I really like their noodles! If you don't like salt, you can ask less salt. Their is a long waiting line here. Everybody likes this Japanese noodle house:)
5	The best ramen I had had - hands down. Small place and they pack them in. I choose this over Pho more times than not.
5	tight space but it adds character to place. simple menu but it higlhly pleases my taste buds!always have to visit this place when in vegas... cannot even find one in socal that can top this place off .
5	Hands down the best ramen in town! I go here at least once a week to get my ramen fix. And the prices can't be beat. One Sapporo and a bowl of ramen is always less than $15 (not including a well deserved tip). Fast and friendly service every time
5	Just tried Monta Ramen for the first time at the Ramen Yokocho Festival in Los Angeles.  As a SoCal native, I was blown away by how good Monta's product was.  They were easily the best bowl of ramen at the festival.They took on Tsujita, Zagat rated and the best LA has to offer, and stood toe to toe.  I work in the Westside, so I eat at Tsujita a couple of times a month.  Monta gave them a run for their money with fine, al dente noodles, half a perfectly cooked onsen tamago, and an unctuous broth that was rich and flavorful without being too heavy.Monta easily beat the two heavy hitters from Japan - Mattou Seimen, three time Tokyo Ramen Festival champion, and Tatsu No Ya, the #1 ramen shop in Kyushu.Monta also took out a personal favorite, Shalala Ramen from my native NorCal, and a Googler staple.  (Shalala's Mountain View shop is 5 minutes from the Googleplex.)Shinsengumi Hakata Ramen?  Not even a contender.Monta Ramen is now on my short list of must-eat places in Las Vegas, along with Japanese Curry Zen.
4	Craving for some Ramen! Monta is the spot to go to. This place definitely satisfies your Ramen craving. There was a long wait since this place is very small and their was 8 of us. It was worth the wait!I ordered the Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen. It was mighty delicious! I also ordered a side of the dumplings, which a must try. You can tell they make it fresh, it's not your typical frozen prepackaged ones.
5	Spicy tonkatsu, add egg, extra pork and nori is my usual order. Love the pork belly bowl and kimchi fried rice here, as well. Place is small and there is always a wait. Well worth it though.
4	Finally got to try this place!!!Ive been wanting to try the ramen here for quite some time. Perfect hangover cure while in Vegas.I got the spicy miso ramen. I broth was very rich and flavorful. Portions are very good. I loved it. All of my friends loved it as well. The egg is cooked to perfection and the pork was perfect. One of the top ramen places for sureI will be back the next time I'm in Vegas. Place is very packed so expect to wait, but service is fast and efficient.
4	This place is absolutely delicious. I can't wait to come back here. It's a small little shop with not a lot of seating room so you might have to wait 10-15 minutes, but the food is more than worth it! I ordered the tonkotsu with flavored egg added in. The broth is rich and creamy, and has a great savory flavor. The noodles are soft and chewy - exactly what I was hoping for! It makes me think of comfort food, that's how yummy this dish is. You can order extra noodles to finish your broth up with but I couldn't bring myself to do it this time. The broth and all the fixings are really filling! Go here, get some ramen, and learn what this dish is really all about. Although, dorm room ramen will always have a special place in my heart.
5	This is a fantastic ramen house. I love places like this that have a small menu but what is on the menu is mastered by the chefs. I had the tonkotsu shoyu ramen with a side of kimchi. So, so delicious. BTW, you can get a refill on the noodles if you are hungry for $1.50 & just use what broth you have left over. Amazing place.
5	Tiny space and they get real crowded between 12 and 2.  Come at 11:30 or wait until lunch rush is over.
5	My friend invited me to Monta Ramen for lunch. Our food was very delicious. I had chicken noodles and gyoza. The service was very good! I will definitely be coming back here again!
4	This is definitely my go-to ramen shop.  I really wish the venue was bigger but I guess the size of the establishment is part of the charm.  I like adding the egg and corn to my tonkatsu, shio and shoyu ramen.
5	Always five stars, except when they are way too busy. The cold noodle is extremely delicious. Add some wasabi in it and it's awesome!
2	Ordered the tonkatsu and the shoyu Ramen. Well, this is a place u either extremely love it or hate it never coming back. The tonkatsu soup base is way too salty, as almost the chef dumped the entire jaw in the soup. Its very very creamy and thick. It's how Japanese noodle base should be like.  And it has a very strong taste of the pork fat. Many might love the thickness, but I am not a pork fan, so is a no for me. Shoyu base is just chicken soup with soy sauce, just soso. Neither the thick wavy noodle or the thin noodle did the magic for me. I don't think I'm coming back, it's a good noodle place, just not for me.
4	Monta never fails!Great service and the food is always consistent. Being selfish, I only wish they had more side dishes... Eating at your favorite place there's only so much gyoza and fried rice you can eat!!
5	Want some traditional Japanese ramen? This place will not disappoint. Food: Excellent traditional Japanese ramen. Price: Very reasonable Service: Excellent prompt and courteous service. I highly recommend this place if you know your Ramen and know what to expect from real ramen. This will be my list of place to eat while I'm in Las Vegas.
5	Best ramen I have had so far!  We ordered the Miso and Kuro (Tonkotsu with black garlic oil) ramen and they were both amazing.  The broth in the tonkotsu was thick and tasty.    Noodles and pork were both perfectly cooked.  Normally I try not to drink too much broth because it's so fatty and unhealthy, but the broth was so tasty I drank it all.  The restaurant is small and the line can get long so be prepared to wait if you come in during the lunch or dinner rush.  The service is fast but don't come here if you're expecting to hang out for hours.  Highlights:  Quick service.  Prices are very reasonable.  About $8 to $10 for ramen.  Kuro and Miso ramen are amazing!Lowlights:   Lines can be long so be prepared to wait during rush hours.Summary:  This off-the-strip gem is a definitely must eat if you're visiting Vegas.  Go with the Kuro and you will not be disappointed!
5	Best ramen I've ever tried. Dishes are fresh and made to order. The place seems as authentic as it gets and is downright legit. If you are not interested in having pork, then don't bother. Definitely wish there some chicken options. The price is great and the flavor is just right. It gets packed, so expect to wait, especially if you are more than two diners. On a warm Vegas night, you can't go wrong with some cold noodles and an ice cold Japanese beer. The gyoza is also pretty delicious and comes out exactly as pictured in the menu...every time! One of my favorite things about this place is the spicy horse radish mustard that comes on the side. It is made in house and unreal. Was not a fan of the pork belly bowl, a little too fatty and more rice than anything, but it looks like a crowd pleaser. They also have some typical Japanese canned beverages. Place is super clean, kitchen is open for all to see, and service is both prompt and courteous.
4	Had the spicy tonkatsu ramen. Was awesome especially for the price! Best ramen in vegas
5	A perfect bowl of noodles in a charming little hole-in-the-wall.Service was welcoming, efficiently and friendly. When I read in some reviews that this wasn't the type of place you linger at, I was afraid that service might be a bit brusque. Nope! You get an enthusiastic greeting of "Irasshaimase!" from the couple of servers on the floor and the noodle chefs in the open kitchen behind the bar. Our server was courteous and we did not feel hurried. There's counter seating around the bar and maybe 5 four-tops in addition. It's not a big place, so there might be a wait if your party is larger than one or two. The AC was cranked up, which made for a very pleasant dining experience, considering you're eating hot soup in the desert.I loved the concept of standard toppings and adding what you want on top of it. I added the seasoned egg to my bowl, which had a perfectly set, slightly gooey middle. The tonkotsu was thick and cloudy, with plenty of collagen dissolved in the soup to give you that lip-smacking sensation. Noodles were perfectly chewy, although you had to slurp fast so the hot soup didn't soften them too much. They also have Sapporo on tap in schooner sizes. Perfect, because my tummy can only hold so much liquid. This is definitely worth a stop whether you are heading into or out of Las Vegas.
5	Monta is definitely the best Ramen shop in Las Vegas. I have tried others in Las Vegas, and yes, there aren't very many, but I have tried them. I also lived in Japan for 12 years and am half Japanese and for me, Monta is a part of home. Yes it's small but that's part of the charm. Don't expect to come here and spend a lot of time conversations with family or friends you bring either. It's a quick in and out type of place so go in knowing that and respect the line of people waiting to be seated. It has a very simple but good menu with the classic of any good ramen shop. Ramen noodles, with different bases, toppings to add and gyoza and fried rice are a must also. Enjoy! I come here often and have been coming here since they opened. They have tweaked their menu and recipes for the better. They have even recently upgraded their ordering to the mini iPad.
4	Good and to the point. What we needed on a cold windy day after a long days work. Ordered spicy miso ramen with a side of fried gyoza and a coke. The ramen was good along with the spice. On the other hand the gyoza was okay. The service was good as well, fast and courteous.
2	Please tell me what the fuss is all about.The first time I went there was with my older Son, who acted like a Japanese Cultural officionado. He schooled me in the traditions and culture of Ramen.It was just "ok".The second time I went with my wife. We were both disappointed. She is Korean and particular about noodle. I tried her Ramen, and wasn't very good. The waitress suggested a pork dish to me. I am pleased to tell you my dogs throughly enjoyed it, but I didn't it.I have to say the servers are very nice, friendly, and quite frankly, easy on the eyes. I won't go back there. By the way, my son ended up in the US Navy and stationed in Japan for two years. When he returned, I asked him if he wanted to eat here. He informed me that it would be like a hamburger gourmet eating at Burger King.
4	Not those packaged noodles you eat on the poor or ate in college (isn't that all the same?).   Fresh noodles with tons of combinations of extra ingredients.Pros:  Friendly staffSolid food - yes it's ramen, but it's GOOD ramenReasonable pricing considering the portions are huge (bowl of ramen is the size of a toddler's head and is absolutely full of food.Community style benched seating around the ramen bar is fun - you never know who your neighbor will be and you can strike up some interesting conversations - or not! Cons:  Closet sized - there's always a wait and it feels hot as hell in there Parking - it's in a strip mall that also houses the ever popular Raku Sweets so parking can get interesting Soda is only served in cans.  I'm a thirsty person and this gets to be an issue after the first two.  I am well aware that most asian restaurants do this and I  understand that, but doesn't change my hope that I'll see something different.
5	Awesome joint. Expect a long wait because it's just that good. The pork belly bowl! The pork belly bowl! Yes it delish but the care taken with the broth is the real key.  Be prepared to meet new people because there isn't room to avoid them. If you are looking to camp out for hours avoid this place cause I want your seat!
4	One of the better ramen places and it's located in Las Vegas! This place is a must if you love Japanese-style ramen and happen to be in Vegas.I am a big fan and there's a real science about making that perfect bowl of ramen. The broth is essentially 70% of the main ingredients that either can make or break a bowl of ramen.Monta is well-known for their pork and chicken broth or the combination of the two. Had the tonkotsu ramen with thin noodles in pork broth included two slices of pork chashu, black mushrooms, bamboo shoots, green onions and an addition of nitamago (marinated soft boiled egg).The ramen was really delicious. Even our Japanese colleagues thought the ramen was pretty good being in the US.This place is not very big so it can get rather crowded so expect to wait during lunch hours.
5	Hands down Monta has the best Japanese ramen in Las Vegas. I've tried my fair share of ramen places in Los Angeles and Vegas, and it's safe to say Monta beats everybody out of the park. The noodles are perfectly cooked every single time. The broth is perfectly filled with flavor but not too heavy at the same time. I love the thin noodles. I also love all their fried rice cooked to order and their gyoza appetizer. I'm not a huge fan of the 2 new ramen specials, but Monta never fails.
5	So great! The ramen is great and everybody should get the fried rice! So great!
3	3 1/2 stars. Came in for lunch during the week. I sat at the counter due to the full house and went with the Tonkotsu shoyu ramen with egg and extra chashu.Sitting at the counter I was able to watch them prepare the ramen and noticed there was a chef in training. When I received my bowl all looked decent and tasted good with the exception that the ramen was overcooked and soggy. The patron next to me received his bowl and he ordered double meat and they only give him a single serving also which wasn't cool either. Service was decent, but lets get it together in the kitchen!
2	Well a co worker and I decided to go here for lunch. ( she frequents this spot).The wait at lunch time was not horrible and the service was speedy. We got in and seated and ordered food within 5 minutes.After ordering the food was up about minutes later ( everything is already ready to go in the back it's just noodles and pork essentially). The food was pretty tasty and and at a good temperature.The texture was great and he serving was large for the price.The reason for the low rating. I am have never had such an upset stomach after eating any other food. I will try again, maybe a lighter dish and see if there is another reaction. However this did make me awfully ill.
4	I had the pork & chicken broth & my husband had the miso broth The noodles were the perfect thickness the char siu was soft, the egg was more of a hard boiled instead of soft boiled. I like when the yolk is runny in the soupThe pork belly bowl is a must have full of flavor! Must get the large size!
5	We were there at 5PM and restaurant was getting full.  For good reason, as there nothing bad to say about this place.  Ramen is extremely reasonably priced around $7 or $8, portions are not enormous but filling.  Low use of msg, as I'm not thirsty at all after the meal.  Noodles are cooked perfectly.The star is the black sesame ramen, very rich flavor, one of the best ones I've tasted.This small restaurant can be easily missed on Spring Mountain Road.  Best thing to do is use the GPS for first timers.Highly recommended!
3	Honestly, I don't think this place is as good as I expected. Ive tried some other ramen place tastes much better,I don't know why it's always packed, service is ok.
3	Been in the neighboring stores and always saw a line running out of monta ramen. There are lots of ways you can do ramen, they have a limited selection.  The ramen choices they do have all delicious. But I'd have to say their fried race stood out the most to me
3	Extremely friendly service like a sushi restaurant. But you have to really like Ramen because that's about all they have. And it just didn't seem like the food was easy to get excited about.
4	Legit ramen spot in Vegas!! The tonkatsu broth is so clean and flavorful and the noodle are just perfect! Sometimes they have a spicy tonkatsu special and that's my favorite since it adds a little kick! The only thing is the egg could be better. Very small place inside so go early.
5	best ramen in LV
4	So delicious, and I've had my share of tonkatsu ramen.  Perfect balance between the stock and that back fat :D. Served with thin noodles and cha shu.  The cha shu melts in your mouth however I think it competes with the fattiness of the soup. Personally I prefer a more meatier cha shu but this is pretty damn good.The gyozas were delicious I definitely recommend them.I would probably skip the pork belly bowl though. While it is still good, I've seriously had better.  Oh and if you're really hungry $2 will get u an extra portion of ramen. Good deal.An all around solid choice!
5	Best Ramen in Vegas,  no kidding. The soup base is authentic.  A friendly atmosphere place to eat
5	We've been back since our unfortunate incident and I'm happy to say that it's back to being our favorite ramen spot (:
3	The food was toooooo salty!!!!!! It is not bad but I couldnt finish it just simply because it is too salty!!!!!!!
5	This year, we've seen influx of new Ramen establishments in Las Vegas. Yet, Monta holds on to the throne. Sure, the long wait can be daunting, but it's for a reason.
4	First tried Monta at one of the Japanese Ramen festivals out in Torrance, CA. There were maybe several competitors but not one jazzed me. Except enter Monta. Small booth tucked in a corner. No heavy signage just three folks sweatin in the polstering heat serving up what unbeknowst to me the best ramen showcasing. Found out that they have a location out in Las Vegas and decided to take some family members out there to give it a try.Got there 30 minutes before they opened. All of us hungover from the night before, only to see that there is a line about to form! We turned off our engines parked and snagged in front of the line. in 30 minutes I kid you not, at least 40 others joined. Luckily we were in front. Starving and dehydrated. We ordered. I settled for the Spicy Tonkotsu with the added green onions, two slices of chashu, bamboo shoots and kikurage. Added additionally the Nori + Nitamago. (dry seaweed and hard boiled egg, respectively) some corn, etc. My gal got the Tonkotsu BLACK. and whoa. I've never had a ramen to that degree ever in my 30 years of life. What is this? A smoky flavored broth? almost like a bbq tang? THIS was my highlight. It was unusual. It was weird. But in the most gnarliest of ways a ramen can be. I highly recommend that one. fyi: their Chasu Bowl is one of the better ones I have experienced in all of CA. Definitely worth it as a side dish. As a matter of fact. I am visiting MONTA again for MDW (Memorial Day Weekend) I am coming back. It wouldn't be a successful Vegas trip without a visit to Monta. Seriously best Ramen in town.
5	This place hands down is a much if your in Vegas. A little pass Chinatown you find yourself in a tiny hole in the wall but the wait is all worth it. Daily fresh noodles and broth to sip up.
5	Compared to Sora Ramen, I like this much better.  We had the thin noodles and they were al dente. The broth was also thicker and tastier. Try the takana fried rice (with mustard greens). It was also very tasty!
4	First Las Vegas Ramen I tried and I liked it.Had their spicy tonkotsu ramen bowl and it was quite good. Also tried their fried rice and gyoza, both were not bad. No complaints. I actually the price was cheaper than bay area places.Will go back to this place when craving ramen in Las Vegas. Maybe try their Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen next time.
4	Great overall!!!!
4	Keep in mind, a 4.5 would probably be spot on. I went here on my last trip to Vegas in Fall of 2013 and hadn't had time to review it.  I just came back from a Vegas trip where I made 2 trips here it was that good.  Keep in mind, this little food shopping plaza is a gem in general if you have a car to drive off the strip.My first time on this recent trip, I went with one of their specials, Kuro Black Garlic Oil Ramen.  There was this amazing, but not overly powerful garlic flavor. I somewhat wish it was more noticeable to be honest.  But everything else in terms of the noodles, chasu and broth was spot on.  I  have a soft spot for corn and an egg... and extra noodle of course =DMy second visit on this recent trip was... right before my flight actually.  I went with my sure bet, the delicious Spicy Tonkotsu Ramen.  Again, the broth was very tasty and flavorful.  The spice is OK, but not as spicy as I probably would have liked/tolerated.  Until I can find better, my go to ramen/hangover spot.
5	Comfort food in a bowl of heaven!  We lucked out and got a seat at the counter within 5 minutes.  Which was fine with me! I love to watch chefs in action. I got the Tonkotsu Ramen with Chashu Pork and Nitamago.  The broth was smoky and out of this world!  The portions were huge!  Our server was a sweetheart!  Another great place for my late night cravings!
3	The ramen is okay (not as good as I thought it would be). The fried rice is better than the noodles.
4	Excellent roast pork slices.  The broth and noodles were good.  Service and atmosphere was what you'd expect from a popular noodle house: packed but efficient.
4	Taste: 3Creativity/Authenticity: 3.5Atmosphere: 2.5Service: 4Bang for your buck: 4I LOVE RAMEN, ive gone to japan for one day just to eat at my favorite ramen spot, so when i was told that vegas has some of the best ramen i had to hop on the next flight and try this place out. Lets start with atmosphere, located in china town in a small shopping mall and if your dropped off by a cab good luck trying to get another one unless you call (TIP) The place is small and well its packed all the time i go at least so get here early or try an off night. The inside is exactly how it is in japan SMALL and casual so taking a date here on your first date wouldnt be ideal but you can try raku next door. Now to the good part FOOD, i love the noodles here cooked perfectly not chewy and over cooked like a lot of ramen places (note: ramen is all about the noodles so i give the noodles alone 4 stars) down to the broth which was well a little too salty not a bad broth but def overpowered the noodles and chasu so i had to deduct points. Service here is well my experience was great, server sat us fast and got our order perfect, and key point kept my WATER full which is my biggest thing at any  restaurant; why you ask because its the easiest thing to do and well most places fuck up and thats how i determine tip as well (TIP) Overall this is the ramen spot to go to in vegas so far until something else pops up but however this is still not the best well at least in vegas it is thank you Monta i will return!
5	Best ramen in Vegas, hands down.  I have tried other ramen shops but I always find myself back here.  Monta has delicious broth and great noodles.  I like the wavy thick noodles that is offered in the miso ramen and shoyu ramen.  The thin straight noodles are good too but I like the thick kind.  You can choose from Tonkatsu (pork), Shoyu, Tonkatsu-Shoyu, or Miso broth.  You can make any broth spicy.  There is also a new broth that is the Tonkatsu broth with black garlic oil.  Sounds yummy.  The broths are all great and there are yummy add-ins.  I always add corn.  If you are feeling extra indulgent add some butter!  I like to wear a dark colored shirt so that you can't see all of the splash marks from the soup. The sides are good to start off with.  The fried rice is actually pretty amazing.  The chunks of meat in the fried rice are delicious.  Gyoza is always a safe bet too.Expect to wait.  That is the only reason I am not here more often.  I hate waiting to eat.  This restaurant is tiny and there are a lot of Monta fans out there.  You can try their other location Monta Chaya in Henderson if you are closer to that side of town.  Haven't been myself but it's owned by the same people. Happy Ramen-ing :D
5	My favorite noodle place in Vegas so far.I had the Miso Ramen. Make sure you ask for butter and corn in your order. I tried the egg in it and was not a fan. If you ask for green onion be prepared for a lot of green onion.This is not a big place. We did not wait but it was mid afternoon on a Sunday. Most of the time there is a line.
4	This place is great. Fast past environment with some of the best ramen in town. I recommend getting the karrage followed with your choice of ramen. No desserts here. This place also gets super busy, best to get there early or before they close for a chance to get best seating.
4	Their ramen really hit the spot after a weekend of TOO much fun. It's a really small store so you might have to wait. There's a bar that you can sit at which is also really crowded. My friend got the pork bowl and it tasted too fatty for me. One star off because I felt sick after from all the msg. But that's just me. If you don't mind msg, it'll be 5 stars for sure.
4	Yummmmers......I haven't had this good of ramen since my visit to Japan last year... atmosphere, friendly employees, not to mention! Awesome price for such a delightful bowl of ramen! Note... for extras; the boiled egg and/or corn is a must! Extra tenderloin or charsu if you're a meat lover!
4	My favorite ramen spot her in Vegas. Their slow roasted pork is the best. Nice atmosphere. Great tasting food. Filling. Easy on the wallet.
5	The fried rice is my favorite,  made with fried pork belly. How can you go wrong?  Actually, it is tied with the miso ramen.  I have been wanting to try the new ramen with black garlic oil but I just love my favorites so much I can't bear not ordering them.  Whenever im in Vegas I HAVE to eat here and now im a regular here even though my home is 2500 miles away.  That's how great this place is.
5	Oh Monta..a place I can go to escape the craziness of Las Vegas and enjoy the delicious simplicity of ramen.  You can count on the place being busy.  Not the ideal place for big parties.  The broth is superb.  I usually have the cha-shu with an egg.  Perfect hangover cure.  When in Rome, eat Monta,
5	I came here as a result of Yelp reviews. Totally worth it. I had the Tonkotsu ramen. So rich and creamy! Like savory, meat flavored buttery broth! I was worried that I would have a belly ache because it was so rich, but no, I was just fine! I didn't have any add-ins and I was so full! My daughter had just had her wisdom teeth out a few days prior and was dying for some real food. She had the Tonkotsu Shoyu ramen. By the time she was done, she looked like a whole new person. When she walked in, she was pale and tired, her eyes were glassy. By the time she was done eating her ramen, she had a rosy glow in her cheeks and she perked up 100%! It was like ambrosia. We loved this place so much that when my friend came to visit from the San Francisco Bay Area the next day, we went again. My friend is a food snob and was leery that Monta would be anywhere near as good as her beloved Orenchi in Santa Clara (I've eaten there, it is heavenly). Monta definitely passed her high standards. I couldn't get her to admit that Monta was better, but she did agree that it was at least equal!Very friendly and attentive staff. Small eating area, but just make sure you come before or after the normal busy times. We didn't have a wait either time when we went around 6:30pm, but worth the wait if you have to. If you are looking for a good ramen place, this is it! If you think ramen comes in a package with a seasoning packet, go here and prepare to be schooled. SO ONO!
5	I read the term "complex tasting broth" in a review for another ramen place and I never got the term till I tried the tonkotsu shoyu ramen here. Best ramen ever! The fried rice is pretty good to but the gyoza is nothing to rave about.
4	If you're not a fan of sirachi chili sauce then pass on the spicy version of ramen and instead use the condiment chili oil on the table. I prefer korean kochojung to sirachi sauce. Good ramen, good broth! ...
4	Good Ramen.  You won't regret coming here.  I had a bowl of rich Ramen with pork and a side of Kimchi.  Very good tasting broth.  Service was very friendly and quick.  I'd come back any time.
5	I love this place... the waiting sucks, the small seating area sucks, but once you sit down and start eating all those sucky parts melt away. You have to order their ramen. This time I got tonkatsu-shoyu - pork/soy sauce..? Extra order of noodles and added 1 egg, 3 extra orders of chashu (I absolutely do not regret this), half order of pork belly, gyoza and fried rice (mustard leaves). I loved everything, the gyoza and pork belly I can live without, but the ramen and chashu and fried rice was pure heaven for me. Regretting that I moved out of Vegas.
4	During a foodie excursion to Vegas, we wanted to eat something delicious, yet budget-friendly. After pouring over a few years' worth of Vegas Weekly magazines, authentic Japanese ramen at Monta Ramen made the cut. The restaurant was crowded, but we scored seats! We split an order of kuro ramen and kimchi fried rice.  The slurp-worthy broth was full of flavor and quite excellent, and the noodles were chewy and delicious. It was my first time having kimchi fried rice and it was love at first bite. By now, I've probably eaten my weight in fried rice, but Monta Ramen's kimchi variation was kickass. Monta Ramen for the best ramen in Vegas!
5	come for their RAMEN and make sure when you order you ask for the squiggly noodles, made that mistake today.  I ate the cold noodles two years ago and they def hit the spot on a HOT day in vegas. This time I went for the spicy tonkatsu....the flavor was so balanced and then to make it spicy they put some of that korean hot pepper paste that sets it on fire from the inside of the bowl and out.  I cannot wait for Monta to come to Texas!!
4	I'm not big on ramen but this place is legit. There broths are flavorful, noodles are not over cooked, and there toppings are good too. You know its legit when there's ALWAYS a wait, then again this place is SUPER small. Every time I come here I have to wait at least 30 min but that's okay, its worth it. Prices are fairly average for a bowl of ramen. I'll def be back when i'm back in Vegas. :)
5	a must try when in vegas they have amazing noodles and their friend rice WOW!! loved it.....will be going again when im in the area
5	Yeah buddy -- this ain't Top Ramen for those rookies out there.  I've been eating ramen my entire life and made time to check this place out after a long day at a pool on the strip.They have great options available for every taste -- hot/cold, meat/veggie.  I had the spicy Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen with egg and extra pork.  The kimchee side was perfect.  Although I don't look it, I'm half asian and when I walked up there were asians everywhere so I knew it was probably legit LOL.Make time to leave the buffets and tourist traps on the strip and eat here once.  Plan accordingly because you may have to wait to eat since seating is very limited.  My group of three lucked out this day but the people after us had to wait.
5	My buddy's been raving about Monta Ramen for as long as I can remember. Me, I just can't justify a soup as a meal, so I had never been before today. With only 4 hours of sleep and a 12nhour workday, a bowl of soup sounded like the perfect way to end my day. The spicy miso I ordered was delicious, and I ate every last drop of soup after finishing the noodles. I still will not change my stance of eating ramen as a meal, but if I have a craving for ramen I'm sure I'll come back in to Monta.
2	I really don't know what the hype is for this ramen place. This is my second time here because I thought I would give this place another try. Perhaps this is the best ramen place in Vegas, but if it is, I feel sad that people who live here haven't truly experienced good ramen. The ramen noodles are overcooked and soggy. The broth does not taste like it has been cooked long enough with pork and chicken. If you like the type of broth that is not super thick though, this type of broth might be for you. Flavors seem to be added in after the fact rather than blended in. Something seems off about the whole ramen experience. I give it 2 stars because this place does try and has decent customer service.
3	After having ramen from the restaurant down the road,  I was quite disappointed in Monte Ramen.  It was relatively easy to find...on the right side of Spring Mountain Road as you drive east. The parking lot is shared with other busy restaurants.  I could feel a slight breeze from the air conditioning which was really helpful since it was 100 degrees outside! The interior was small and dark. There were 5 tables and 9 counter seats. There were a few chairs for customers to wait for a table. Make sure you get your name on the clipboard! The gyoza was shocking. ..it looked pale and undercooked,  like it was just fried on one of its 3 sides.  The inside was bland and flat tasting. On the other hand,  the miso broth was really salty and the noodles were too soft. I didn't finish it.  The toppings of green onion, bamboo shoots & black fungus were room temperature as if they were hastily thrown on the top. I would only go back if the competition down the road was full and if there was no line.  If there was a line,  go to the other restaurants right next door!  Sorry...
3	Delicious but they really need to get a bigger place. It's way to small for how slammed they always are.
5	Their Kuro Ramen was soooo good. The black garlic oil had a nice kick to it. The pork was so soft it melts in your mouth. Wish I had order a triple order of the pork had I known. One of the better ramen joints I've had in awhile.
5	It was quite the adventure finding this place since I am from out of town and this establishment is located in the depth of a strip mall in Chinatown.... but we found it! And I am SO glad that we did! They have the best ramen that I have had so far (in life). Oh my goodness! So the restaurant itself would be best described as cozy... I wouldn't come strolling in 10+ people deep. Most of the seating appears to be surrounding the kitchen in a bar-like fashion. The menu is pretty basic and to the point - easy enough to order. You have a selection of noodles/ramen dishes to choose from... then you can add extras like egg, nori, etc. The basic ramen dishes are pretty filling themselves....but I added egg and nori for more flavor. Oh. My. God. It's like a flavor explosion. Maybe I'm not experienced enough in the ramen world.... but view become a bit obsessed trying it everywhere I go... and I'm not even exaggerating when I say that this is the best ramen I've had (so far). If you're a lover of ramen, STOP HERE!
4	have to try: its very small so expect to wait but the service is very quick. The menu is very simple but very good. Three to four ramens to choose from and a variety of extras to add into your ramen.Recommend the Kimichi fried rice!!
2	Went in during rush hour, which sucked because this place is super small and probably only sits about 30 or less people. We ended up waiting a really long time for our seats.This place is supposedly the best ramen place in Las Vegas. Came out here and expected it to be awesome. However my opinion wouldn't matter because I'm not Japanese so how would I really know if this place is legit? I ordered the spicy tonkotsu shoyu ramen with extra egg and pork. It was alright... Kinda meh. I expected more. This place is just an ordinary ramen place to me. We came in as a group and asked for separate checks, but the worker didn't want to give us separate checks because apparently it was too complicated for her.
5	Get 2 things!  It's just so good!  I'd almost come to Vegas solely for the ramen here.  Every time we come to visit we rent a car just so we can come off the strip and eat here!  All their ramens are fantastic and a great deal.  The pork is extremely tender and we always get an extra rice bowl with the chiashu pork!The reviews really speak for themselves here.  The only thing that's a problem is that the place is too small.  There's almost always a wait, but no complaints here.
5	Holy crap. I had one of the best dishes I've had in Vegas at Monta. Being a hot day, I ordered the cold noodles. The plate consisted of perfectly cooked, cooled ramen noodles with an assortment of toppings including perfectly-ripe sliced tomato, memna (which were the absolute best I've had without that odd, chemical taste), shredded egg, crunchy tree fungus, slightly marinated bean sprouts, thin sliced spring onion, and topped with a creamy, seeet, vinegary sesame dressing.Amazing.
5	All the reviews are right!  WOW! So good. I had the Miso $7.25 for a bowl of delishesness
5	Still my favorite ramen place in town after many years. Miso ramen and the new Kuro (black garlic oil) ramen are both unbelievably great. Just took a newbie there today and he was amazed at the taste of his Miso ramen. A word of advice--this place gets packed during regular meal times (11am-3pm and 5pm-9pm), so expect a 30 minute wait. Or if you are a eat anytime guy like me, then go eat at 4pm and you would not have to wait in line!
5	Blistering hot July 4th weekend... Ramen? Okay! Place opened at 11:30 and at 11:07 there were already 15 people ahead of us. Luckily the place seats a bit more (20 maybe?) so we made the cut! The chashu was amazing. Super soft, melt in your mouth fatty fatty pieces! The pork belly bowl was also very good.
4	One of my favorite ramen place .... Busy busy place but worth the wait...
5	Having never been in Vegas before, I trusted my stomach in the hands on Yelp! I was thoroughly impressed with Monta Ramen. The food, environment, and service was great. I loved everything!
5	Best ramen I had in a while. Try the one with chicken and pork brother, also the pork belly rice bowl, you can't go wrong W this 2 dish !
5	This place is awesome! Ive always seen there has been lines out the door soni decided to check out the popularity. The food here is spectacular! Cant wait to eat here again!Saori is always my sever and she is awesome! Her hospitality is the best. She is super beautiful too! I love you....I mean youre awesome hahaha ;)
5	I get the biggest stomach boner just thinking about this place. More than sushi, more than even in n out, does this place make me want to commit suicide via ohm nom nom.Some People b*tch about the service, but the servers aren't there to chit chat and entertain you (which is completely fine by me), they're there to (in order) get your drinks, food order, refill drinks, food delivery, accept payment, then shuffle you the f*ck out so I can stuff my face with shoyu with extra egg... And nori..... And extra pork chashu.... And.... and.....FAPFAPFAPFAP....
5	Wow, this is the best ramen I have had in Vegas.Keep in mind the place is super tiny, maybe seats 20 at most...and A/C doesn't really work so it is like sitting in a UPS truck(not that I've ever been in one but...u get the idea)We were seated almost right away even though there were ppl waiting in front of us(perhaps they are in large groups).  The lady who seated us was really nice, later on there was another waitress who brought our ramen to us, cute and also nice(I think it is probably the owner and her daughter as they look alike), of course the 5 stars isn't based on the looks but honestly it does help a little(even without it, the ramen itself still deserves 5 stars).  We tried the #1 tonkotsu ramen with thin noodles, it was very rich in flavor, but our favorite was the Kuro ramen(the tonkotsu broth with black garlic oil), it was superb! and the chashu was not only buttery but also taste like it was grilled first!There is also a shave ice place in same plaza which is also very good, and a foot massage place(make sure you yelp for the one with 4 stars, not the one with 1 star... :P)I hope they open one in LA soon!
3	perhaps my expectations were too high.i had the black garlic ramen. was not impressed. soup too salty. ramen noodles not chewy enough. sorry monta, wanted to love you but was disappointed.
5	One of the best ramen spots I've ever been to by far. Def try it if your around this area.
4	Love some tasty ramen. The place is small and seating goes quickly but people eat fast so usually the wait isn't long. Service is good. The noodles are tasty and big portions! Parking kinda sucks if they're busy.
2	Black Garlic Oil Tonkatsu Ramen- super SALTY, my tongue was slightly numb because of all the salt- broth was viscous and very fatty.  it was like liquid cholesterol.- pork slices was goodunfortunately due to my stomach cramps followed by greasy bowel movements, I cannot give this place more than 2 stars
3	Salt bombed is the best way to describe both of our ramen bowls. The thick and rich, gravy-like broth, was extremely salty and offended our taste buds. Although I preferred the spicy miso ramen over the tonkotsu shoyu, they were both incredibly heavy and beyond rich. The bowl and noodles were piping hot, but the broth was just warm. We couldn't finish our bowls and left about 65% of it back (noodles and broth). After our dinner, our stomachs had a hard time digesting the richness and we felt a little nauseous. We could of shared one bowl of ramen, it was super filling and we had a ton of leftovers. This is the first time I've ever regretted adding extra toppings on my ramen. The toppings didn't enhance or compliment our ramen. It all got lost in the thick salty broth. Plus the topping choices were rather boring, the best had to of been: corn, kimchi, and nitamago (flavored egg) - the kimchi was fresh and flavorful and they have perfected their soft-boiled egg!Here's what we ordered: Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen with thin noodles (I didn't care for these noodles) and 2 slices of chashu (and with all of the extras):+dried seaweed - pretty boring+corn - I loved the corn's sweetness and texture +nitamago (flavored soft boiled egg)- perfect! +mustard leaf - mushy and flavorless+shredded green onion - adds nice texture and freshness+butter - this ramen doesn't need more richness! $12.45 Spicy Miso Ramen with thick wavy noodles (the best noodles!) and 2 slices of thin chashu (and with all of the extras):+dried seaweed - boring+corn - great!+nitamago (flavored egg) - great! +mustard leaf - boring and mushy+shredded green onion - adds freshness+butter - this ramen does not need more richness! :x$13.75Side of extra chashu $2.50 - super fatty and buttery. Side of Kimchi $1 - very fresh and flavorful. Small pork belly bowl $3.95 - this was my favorite. The pork belly was tender, buttery, and rich in flavor. The rice was cooked perfectly and the green onion and sweet pickled ginger added perfect freshness to the rice bowl.After eating here, it really made me miss Santouka Ramen in Costa Mesa, CA and Shin-Sen-Gumi Hakata Ramen in Fountain Valley, CA. :/
5	Good ramen in Las Vegas? Unheard of! Walking into Monta, I expected mediocre ramen compared to the ramen places I have grown to love in Los Angeles and eft feeling incredibly ignorant. The Black Garlic Oil Ramen and Pork Belly Bowl was DELICIOUS. The only downside is the wait-be prepared and don't come when you are already starving unless you enjoy torturing yourself! Good things come to those who wait, don't miss out on my new go-to spot of Vegas!
5	I must say this place is worth the wait time.  Once you get a seat and order your Tonkatsu ramen, you can get ready for a savoy meal that you can remember for a very long time.  The fried rice that we ordered came first and it had the most pleasant taste ever.  For a ramen place, their fried rice was beyond exceptional.  The texture of the rice was just perfection to the tongue, sauteed to a heavenly standard.  The taste just melting into your taste palette is nothing less then the gold standard.  Once the ramen arrived,  the smell of the broth elicited a mouth watering sensation.  The delicate slices of Tonkatsu just melting into your tongue once you start to chew it in your mouth.  The broth was also truly rare and exceptional.  This is definitely a experience worth the wait.  :)
4	Went in yesterday for the first time, and it was yummy!  I had fried rice and my boyfriend had the Tonkotsu ramen, we both left very satisfied! Only complaint is that its too small, so you might end up waiting a while for a table! Aside from that its cheap and delicious!
5	Great place to eat when I crave for ramen noodles! Sittings are very tight and waiting line can be long, but the food is definitely worth the wait!
5	I usually go to the new location on Eastern/Serene, though I have gone to other one a well.  Consistent quality of the food.  The best ramen in town!  I love everything from the calamari, fried rice, karaage (fried chicken) and that crunchy spicy tuna appetizer.  Of course the ramen, don't forget to add extra chashu (pork). Yummy!  Prices are affordable too.
3	Dude good....    So many reviews out here....   I dont want to be redundant so I'll be short.    the goodFood....   Yum Yum Yumthe badso small...     if its busy you will have to wait...    i think it was 3 tablesalso get the pork belly bowl...   do it now....    dont argue with me...     get it and thank me laterThe unfortunate and uncomfortableI liked it a lot and I rarely get sick from anything I eat but my wife does...    and did.   Had I eaten there alone it would have been 5 stars...   but my wife came home and was sick all night.      Bad Monta....     Bad Bad Monta
5	the BEST ramen house in town.  their menu is simple, not bombarded with so many choices. oh yeah, their pork belly fried rice is pretty amazing too.  during the winter, good luck with getting a table.  wait times can span to an hour or so.  it is a small restaurant and it's always packed.  but quality ramen at such a cheap price...I'd wait around for a table.
4	Me and my friends actually ended up here because the line at Oyster Bar was too long and we were starving. I personally am a ramen fan in general so I like trying new places, my other friend and her hubby are not big ramen fans, but luckily, after coming to Monta they have found a renewed interest in ramen.We all started with a glass of beer, pretty cheap at about $3 but they are not pints, I think more like 10oz-ers? Still it was a refreshing way to start the meal. Shared the pickled greens fried rice and the pork belly rice bowl. Fried rice was cooked well and flavorful, the pork belly bowl was even better. The fatty pieces of pork were cooked perfectly tender with their greasy goodness seaping into the rice underneath. For ramen I got the half pork half chicken broth and added an egg. The chicken broth is supposed to be a little less rich but mine was still a pretty thick broth. Not that that's a bad thing, thick as in thick with flavor but sometimes I prefer a less rich broth because it can get very filling. So depending on what you like, the full tonkatsu broth would be richest and most flavorful and a the half and half would be a lighter version. Noodles were cooked perfectly. The place is typical small Japanese style shop, they have a list for you to write your name on and wait. The waitresses do a nice job of clearing the tables and getting everyone seated as soon as possible so even though we had a few parties ahead of us the wait wasn't too bad for lunch hour. It does get a little hot inside though, so be warned for those coming in the summer months.
1	Limited seating (6 tables that can sit parties of 4 and bar seating). 6 ramen style options, rice bowls, and appetizers. Around $7 per bowl. It's small!My family pretty much tried all the different styles and we all agreed it was SUPERRRRR SALTY. Eggs are add-ons. I don't understand why it's so popular here, we all had to drink water with every slurp. The spicy ramen wasn't spicy, just a spoonful of hot sauce. Tea is $3.Yeah, won't be back. I wouldn't mind trying another place down closer to the strip. Private parking lot that's a tight squeeze with several other Asian cuisines around.
4	I came here at about 430pm, and thankfully there was no line. Definitely not a place to go if you and all six of your friends decide you want to eat together. You'll be hungry forever! Baseline offerings are affordable, but in a way its like an American airline- you get nickeled and dimed for every additional item, including an egg. By the time you've built the bowl of your dreams, you're probably pushing a few bucks extra than what you thought you'd be! The meat here is melt-in-your-mouth and fall apart tender. Really good. The egg is quite tasty as well.  I can tell that the food here is cooked meticulously and with pride when watching the guys cooking your noodles. That being said, I don't think it was really that exciting or remarkable. I got the shoyu ramen with less sodium in it, and the noodles and flavor weren't as good as Ramen Sora's.If you had to pick one of the two to try, I would try Ramen Sora. The atmosphere at Monta reminds me more of a cold winter day in Japan in a packed ramen house, but I like my American elbow room! Also, the flavors are brighter and portions are bigger at Ramen Sora. ;)
5	Bay Area in the house! Glad I got to try it since I didn't get to try their ramen at the Epic Ramen Festival.  Have to say it deserves the full five stars. You've got to try it for yourself.  The pork belly rice is the bomb too.
5	Shoyu RAmen  [ bomb ]   And especially pork bowl, I would forget the rAmen and just eAt the pork bowl instead [ bomb ] [ bomb ] [ bomb ] [ bomb ] . Why would you have a better dish then what you would normally serve? But it is the best in town [ bomb ]
3	Visited this place a few weeks ago and I can't say that it made a lasting impression. When my girlfriend asks where I would like to have lunch/dinner, this isn't one of the places that comes to mind. It wasn't bad but it could've been better. For one, the staff was a bit rude. Two, the place is ridiculously small so not only is the inside crowded but so is the outside; a crowd of people just waiting to be seated. I want to say there were four tables: three that sat four people and one that sat two, plus bar space. Lastly, the food was a bit on the salty side. I ordered the spiciest thing on the menu but it wasn't spicy at all. In fact, I added a ton of spice to it and it still wasn't satisfying to me. And keep in mind that you pay for EVERYTHING. Even a small plate of spice.Good but not memorable.
3	Monta Ramen is another ramen joint on Spring Mountain Road, there seems to be a ramen battle in this area.  The dining area was small when compared with the other locations, I would limit to group size to 6 below to be comfortably seated.I got their Spicy Tonkotsu Ramen.  The noodles was a bit disappointing, it tasted very mushy like they cooked them, but forgot to put them through a cold bath, and all the flour started to flaked off onto the broth.  Definitely did not look the same as some of the older pictures listed here.  The broth tasted ok in general.  Meat was tender.  Other than that, the ramen did not really had much in it, and having bad noodles pretty much ruined everything in the dish.Service was decent even though they seemed very busy though.  Perhaps they have gone downhill since they first opened?  I might try this place again if they are still open for business during my next trip.
5	I really loved this place. I had the miso ramen which was some of the best I've ever had! Place is small and cozy and the staff were very friendly. Definitely my new favorite spot!!
4	Really good ramen at cheap prices. It's worth the 5 minute drive away from the Strip to eat here. Just be warned they have limited seating. You may have to wait a while.
4	I had the opportunity to try out Monta Ramen based on a recomendation from a co-worker.  This place is very small and tucked away in a strip mall on Spring Mt Chinatown.  I think there is table seating for 16 inside, plus another 8 or so at the bar.  I tried to time it so I wouldn't have to wait as I've heard there can be a long line to get in.  Got here at about 6:30 pm and was able to get a seat right away at the bar.  Ordered a Shoyu ramen with extra pork and egg.  Even though my friend recommended the kimchee fried rice I was here to sample the ramen.  The ramen came out pretty quick, noodles were nice and crisp and the broth was clean and not too salty as others have said.  The pork was sliced very thing, but it was very flavorful and melt in your mouth delicious.  The egg was also very good, rivaling the egg here in San Diego at Yakiyudori.  Overall a very good bowl of ramen in Sin City.  4 Stars!
5	Extremely good and authentic. I doubt the owners are chinese or korean. The workers are mostly japanese believe it or not and as far as the food itself is GREAT im definitely going back i love it it also feels like youre in japan by the way its set up
5	This place does it oh so well. The menu is small and simple but oh so delicious. You can customize with a few different toppings but the base product is incredible. An excellent late night option worth checking out again and again that won't break the bank.
3	Be patient there will be a wait here.  This is a small restaurant with a bar seating area.  Nothing too fancy for just getting a good wholesome bowl of Ramen See below my lunch meal after a crazy night in Vegas.  Everything is an additional w/cost.   Miso Ramen 7.25 Pork Broth w/thin noodles (you can choose between chicken or pork broth, thin or wide noodles) Special toppings for your Ramen:Chasu Pork $2.50Spicy $1.50Shreeded Green Onion $1.50Seasoned hard boiled egg $1.50Takana Mustard Leaf  $1.50Corn .50Other: Gyoza $5.50So this place is off the strip, you would need to take a cab here.  It is located in the Chinatown area of Vegas.  We waited for about 45mins, got seated and went straight into ordering our meal.  The service was fast.  Ingredients on the ramen are placed on top, but before I mixed everything altogether I tried the broth and it was very good.   Adding the ingredients of the spicy sauce, Mustard Leaf and Chasu in Pork broth made the soup just way too salty for me to eat it.  I really wish the server would had informed me that this would have happened.  Otherwise, the Chasu was really tender and the thin noodles were not too overwhelming.  Everything in the bowl was well portioned. Then I had the gyoza, it just tasted like any frozen gyoza purchased at a super market.  Overall, I would come back here and not make the same mistake by ordering too many salty add ons in my ramen.
5	This place was good enough that we came 2 nights in a row!We were in Vegas for a friend's wedding and was scouting around for something Asian that didn't cost an arm and leg. While I was browsing reviews for another place (Fukumimi), the common thing locals were saying were that Monta was better, so why not! The plus side is they are open past 10PM, which baffles me that buffets on the strip close at 10PM.I love the simplicity of the menu options. Was so glad that bean sprouts aren't even included in the ramen (except for their cold dish) because let's be real, bean sprouts are used for fillers most of the time.The broth was awesome and probably the best tonkotsu I've had to date. It could get rich after awhile, so come hungry!I also ordered mine with their nitamago (hard boiled eggs), and these were the good ones that have been soaking in broth goodness, not just sliced and added on top, so it was melty goodness.This place is definitely going on my top ramen places and will be visited again next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Oh my goodness. I was out here on vacation for a week and came back here twice because it was so good! Spicy Tonkotsu Ramen was my go-to both times.  It was my first time having authentic Ramen and it was delicious.  The pork, abundant in portion just melts in your mouth and the broth - my lord, the broth was creamy and rich and thick and so tasty.  The bowls were the perfect size too! My boyfriend and I joked that this is better than pho, but I put pho in a totally different category ;) We came here around lunchtime during the weekday and on both occasions, there was about a 10-15 minute wait, but it's worth it guys! It's definitely easier if you're a single diner or just the two of you.  A party of 3 or more -- be prepared to wait.  The place was rather small so I got worried, but the staff are efficient and people are in and out.  We were seated at the counter closest to the kitchen, so it got pretty hot while waiting and eating our ramen, but it wasn't too bad.  For the amount you get and the absolute tastiness of everything -- it was worth every bit of wait and effort especially for being under $10 for a bowl.  I recently came back to DC and decided to try another ramen joint in the city and it didn't even come close.  Boyfriend and I were really disappointed because Monta Ramen has set the bar high for us and I cannot wait to come back to Vegas just for another bowl! I definitely recommend this place if you're traveling or trying Ramen for the first time.  You will not regret it! The Spicy Tonkotsu wasn't even spicy for those who are hesitant  about the level of spice.  The dumplings were also delicious and fresh.  I miss you, Monta Ramen, and all the over delicious Asian eats in Vegas!
3	1-5 scaleService: 4Cleaningness: 3.5Food Quality: 3.5I've tried a lot of ramen places and I'm simply comparing to the places we have available in Vancouver (which has a lot of good ramen joints).The staff is very friendly and service was fast.  We had to come back a second time because the wait was so long the first time and lucked out with no wait the second time.Despite the 3 star rating, the food is good, but based on my past experiences is certainly not worth an hour wait.The portions are good and the soup is rich (almost too salty for me) -- had the miso ramen.Overall, would recommend if there is a 15min or less wait.
3	I was hoping Monta would be a good replacement for my normal hangover pho craving but it was not. I think it was little overrated.Parking lot is pretty big. Service was good. The restaurant itself is super duper small. Like 5 tables and a bar area. Spicy Tonkotsu - $7.95 - Basicly the same thing as the tonkotsu but with a spoon full of a chili paste. I do not think that spoon full is worth the extra dollar they charge. The broth was clean and the spice was decent. Not to salty. I like the noodles. Had good bite. The chashu was over cooked, fell apart in the broth. I had to dig around for it.Miso - $6.95 - Clean broth with good miso flavor. It was super salty. I did not like the noodles in this ramen. The texture reminded me of the dry bagged ramen.  Corn - $.50 - Plain sweet corn. I like corn in my ramen. Good price.Seasoned Egg - $1.50 - Basicly an egg seasoned with soy sauce. The yolk was good. Not worth the price though. BIG ISSUE. There was a hair in one of our ramens.GROSSS!!! Usually when there is a hair in your food, they replace it and do not charge you for it but they still charged us. That was a little annoying.Overall, decent ramen mixed with bad gross luck. Still perfer pho.
5	I am a total foodie and this place is hands down probably the place I would choose for my last meal !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! best ramen EVER and I am Japanese so I know Ramen , my family used to own a ramen place in Hawaii so I grew up on good ramen , Monta is that meal that you know is going to be prefect everytime . I always get the Kuro , black garlic tonkatsu ramen , the pork belly bowl is my fav too and the gyoza , out of this world , OMG i would eat there everyday if I could but its kinda salty so I look all puffy the next day but it is SO worth it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Loooove the kuro ramen (black garlic oil)!! Went here for the first time this past summer. I know it's good because I went twice and both days it was 100+ degrees!if ur eating ramen in that kind of weather it must be good. I will definitely be back next time I'm in vegas.
5	I love this place!! Have been going here for the past few years and love their staff and menu.  Yes it's very small and cramped but the food is so good that like many of the regulars who come here a few times a week I will be waiting even in 110 degree weather because the food is that good!! It's also really comforting to go someplace where the staff knows you and appreciates that you come back time and time again when there are so many other places to eat in LV. The food is made to order and I have never been disappointed!!
5	Service is fast and Very good food. Worth the wait!
5	The decor is minimal, there's no trendy music, it's all about good ramen.Get there early and be prepared to wait. I counted six tables and there's a bar that seats 9. When you walk in the door there is a tiny waiting area with a couple chairs. There is not a hostess, you sign yourself in and wait for a seat to open up. The food is delicious and it's really fun to sit at the bar and watch the chefs sling out bowls of hot ramen. I had the shoyu ramen which is a thick wavy noodle with a chicken and vegetable broth. Very tasty. Warning! Wear something cotton and east to clean. With all that noodle slurping you're sure to get some broth on you.
5	The decor is minimal, no music, and tiny shop, but the food was excellent.  I ordered the Tonkatsu ramen and was not disappointed.  The place was crowded, but we were seated extremely quickly on this visit.  The food took a while, but definitely worth the wait.  This is my go-to place for ramen in vegas now.
3	This review is based on the Kuro tonkatsu ramen, kimchee fried rice, and gyoza. I personally thought the tonkatsu broth was way too rich and thick for my likings. It almost felt like I was slurping a thin gravy. The charsiu / pork slices was extremely fatty, melted like butter in your mouth. For some, this may be a great thing, but for me it was just a little too much paired with the overly rich broth. It wasn't bad ramen, but nothing about this bowl of ramen stood out. The kimchee fried rice and gyoza was a little lackluster too.
4	My ramen obsession that seems to never end. I stumbled upon the best ramen place in Las Vegas called Monta Ramen. No, not really, I really yelped it. It was as if the ramen gods heard my cravings and made it rain (it's summer) to set the mood. It also cut the line short as people started leaving due to the heavy rain and well... long wait. We, obviously took advantage. T'was meant to be. I ordered miso ramen and added extra chashu pork, flavored egg & shredded green onions for that extra crisp. Mister ordered tonkotsu shoyu ramen with flavored egg. Thank goodness he did because I was very much torn and even thought about getting both for myself. Mine was hands down better than his. I'm sure he thought the same because he had my bowl for a good 10 minutes and made a serious dent. On top of all that goodness, we ordered a pork belly bowl & we each had 2 glasses of Asahi beer. Best meal ever!The only thing is, this place is quite small.
4	Monta Ramen is a very small restaurant.  It was busy and our wait was about 30 mins.  Hubby had the tonkotsu (pork bone) ramen with green onions, two slices of chashu, bamboo shoots and kikurage and added nori. I shared with our daughter the tonkotsu-shoyu (pork bone & special shoyu base) ramen with green onions, two slices of chashu, bamboo shoots and kikurage and added nori and a hard boiled egg.  We also had fried rice with pork, kimchi and extra chashu pork.  Our food was served fast, and the ramen and broth were tasty and the fried rice was delicious.
4	Stopped by with my family of five for a casual dinner during our trip to Las Vegas. The place was packed, almost all of the about 35 seats were taken, but the wait time wasn't longer than 10 minutes. After being seated, we ordered the fried rice, miso ramen, and tonkotsu-shoyu ramen. Nothing on the menu was over $8, but you have the option to add additional toppings for a small price. The fried rice was exceptionally delicious and my highest recommendation. It makes a decent plate for one person without becoming too full. The balance between the ingredients, or at least the rice, meat, and onions was perfect, which brought a full taste in every bite. Easily one of the best fried rices I've ever had with a seemingly simple composition. The miso and tonkotsu-shoyu ramen were individually good, however, considerably average compared to other ramen. The ramen comes with pork, sliced green onion, and mushrooms (shiitake if I'm not mistaken). The miso noodles in comparison to the tonkotsu-shoyu noodles are a bit thicker, not too much but definitely noticeable. The main difference is in the broth. I personally couldn't distinguish an exact taste difference, but the tonkotsu-shoyu broth was a lot saltier, almost too salty for me. Aside from that, the ramen were both really good; the noodles were cooked perfectly, pork was delicious, along with the mushrooms and touch of green onion.TLDR: the fried rice was exceptional, ramen was alright, I preferred miso over tonkotsu-shoyu ramen, everything was a good price for filling portions, the place is pretty small so don't bring your whole fambam :p
4	By far the best Ramen place I've had! I ordered the tonkotsu shoyu ramen and the broth was very flavorful (a little salty for me, but a bit of hot water made it perfect), chashu was very tender, and the portion was good as well. Definitely coming back :)
2	This was my very first experience with ramen in a restaurant. I guess I was expecting a lot more. The flavor was okay, although very salty. You have to pay extra for every single thing, and there were several things I would expect that were not offered. Frankly, the flavor was not much better than a cup of noodles from the grocery store.Except there were mushrooms. Lots and lots of mushrooms. Which would have been nice if they warned me on the menu, since I am allergic. I don't know why this place is aso popular with the hipsters. It is cramped. It is tiny. It isn't that clean. It plays classic rock and has no particular decorating scheme. Seating is seriously uncomfortable. Parking sucks.They sat me at the very first itty bitty wooden bar stool right by the kitchen and beverage machine (blowing hot air, adding insult to injury). Every time someone walked by, they hit me in the ass. I couldn't see more action as a pole dancer. Half way through my meal, I gave up. The place was absolutely stoking hot. If the A.C. is out, warn people. I would have gone to the store, grabbed some Top Ramen, and gone home to add my own cilantro, lime, corn, and spicy seasonings, been cool, and not been groped.I simply do not get the lines here. If this is what it's all about, perhaps ramen is not for me.
5	Great bargain! For fantastic Ramen.  Super happy and we will definitely recommend this little place. Enjoy!
5	Monta is my go to ramen spot here in Las Vegas. Small and cozy, very nice intimate setting. This place hits the spot on a cold Las Vegas night. I frequent this spot every other week, and not once have I been served anything below standard. It's so good my heart goes insane whenever someone mentions we should go get Ramen. I want to cry when I'm done. I get so full after a meal there that I usually don't need to eat anything for hours. Having a small menu guarantees the food is quality and fresh. No nonsense of having a hard time trying to figure out what you want to eat. The soup is hearty and filling, the chashu topping is so amazing, nicely sliced. I always get egg with my ramen and a cold beer. Aside from the ramen, the fried rice is amazing, gyoza is on point. Not a good place for big parties, tables usually fit four, and there aren't a lot of tables. They also don't take reservations. Personally, I prefer to eat at the bar, facing the chefs in the kitchen. So I can stare and watch and drool waiting for my food... WAITING.... Speaking of waiting, you don't need to wait long. Food comes out of the kitchen very fast.Writing this review is making me upset, I want to go and eat more ramen.....
5	Tiny restaurant, but the food is really good!  Prices are affordable too.  I went with my BFF last night close to closing time.  She ordered the tonkatsu ramen and I ordered the chashu bowl.  The chashu bowl comes topped with nori, and the next day when I ordered takeout I definitely asked for it to be left off.  BUT the chashu is almost perfect - melty and tender on your tongue with the sweet soy-laced warm rice.  The only places I've had better chashu was in Japan and at a specific restaurant in the Bay Area, CA.  I tried the ramen, and it's good though too salty for my tastes.  The chashu bowl was worth driving out for though, and the next time we are in Vegas we will definitely stop by.
5	Monta is by far the most amazing ramen house in Las Vegas! I stumbled upon it and decided to take my wife and two kids (4 and 2) to give it a try. Last week we tried another Ramen house down the street from Monta and it was nowhere near as good. We've had ramen in Japan, Hawaii and California and Monta is the closest to what you can find on the streets of Tokyo. We started out with Kimchee and the fried rice. They were both amazing! The Kimchee had an amazing taste and the fried rice was probably the best I have had! I had the spicy tonkotsu ramen, my wife had the miso ramen and my kids shared the cold noodles. All had amazing flavor with robust noodles and tender meat. The dishes were bursting with flavor! My kids pounded the cold noodles and the fried rice.Overall, Monta is a MUST TRY when in Las Vegas. This is going to be a regular spot for us. Oh, the place is really small... So don't expect to have a big party and get in right away. You'll wait 20-30 minutes before you get in. Enjoy!
2	I am a true ramen foodie: lived in Japan for 16 years. The ramen at Monta is the same quality as the instant cup ramen I buy in Japan. The chashu is tender, but too fatty and the noodles are not of restaurant quality. The last time I was here, I found a sign on the door asking customers to close the door behind them quickly for their AC system was not keeping up. On a hot 106 degree day in Vegas, the last thing I want to do is eat hot ramen in a hot restaurant. The place was definitely a little too warm. Beware!
4	Small cozy place. It was busy when I came (maybe because it was lunch time). The waiting wasn't that bad, even the waitress skipped me twice since I was dining alone :(  everything was fast and nice. Love the food here :) will come back if I have chance
5	Hands down some of THE best ramen I've ever had and I'm from Hawaii where we have some awesome ramen places. I got the shoyu ramen. The broth really makes it delicious! Its not too salty which is perfect! Also, the bamboo shoots and mushrooms in it were amazing! The restaurants a small and we went around 5 and it was slowly getting packed, but the food comes out fast so service is speedy. I probably wont go anywhere else for ramen in Vegas ever again!
4	I have to agree with all 1100+ Yelpers that resulted in the hight rating of this place. No joke on the long lines, food is worth the wait, etc etc. just wanted to share my pictures (not like you need any more)
3	Had heard really great things about this place and had eaten at Ramen Tatsu the weekend before. I have to say, this place did not live up to the review hype. Don't get me wrong, the soup here is good, but not amazing. The broth is much fattier than the broth at Ramen Tatsu and I did not like that. It's also much more crowded and noisy, neither of which I like. I'm not sure id go out of my way to go back.
5	First time I've been to a Japanese Ramen shop and it was delicious.  My only point of reference is Vietnamese Pho and this was up there with the best Pho I've had.  Great, efficient service and very inexpensive as well!  Perfect for the day-after hangover that Vegas will give you!
5	Just like their other location in Henderson (their 2nd location is the one where I had my first Monta experience) this ramen is pure crack.  This is hands down the best, sticky, greasy, porky, al dente, delicious ramen I've had.Pure crack. I now hit up Ramen, as well as In-N-Out, everytime when visiting family in Vegas...
5	Always delicious. Usually a wait, but worth it. Ramen and a small order of Pork belly rice.always delicious ... We always take visitors here and they always love the ramen.
4	Spicy ramen was pretty good. Noodles were on point. But the broth could have been more hot. Other than that, I give it a thumbs up! Will come back next time
3	First and foremost I would like to say that the food here is absolutely incredible. The fried rice and the tokontsu shoyu are a must with every visit. It's the service that makes them lack from a full 5 stars. I have been here multiple times and have never had any issues however tonight out server Chizuru gave us some of the rudest service.. We ordered fried rice to share and she basically threw it at our table without giving us an extra plate or silver wear and had some major attitude when I asked for what she lacked in giving us. Not once after we got our food did she ask how we were doing, however the cute girl with the glasses and long ponytail who wasn't even our server made sure we were okay. I will ultimately return for more ramen because it is amazing I will just hope Chizuru gets an attitude adjustment before then!
4	Monta WOW!I've read a ton of reviews about Monta Ramen, and have been wanting to try it for ages. *confession*I've never had anything but instant ramen before. We had to wait for about 30-40 minutes for a table...the place is tiny, and packed full of people happily enjoying the ramen and other deliciousness.We had the shoyu (chicken broth with thick wavy noodles), tonkotsu shoyu (pork and chicken broth with thin noodles), and the kuro (pork broth with a garlic oil).  All three were good, although I think I like the shoyu better.  Mine (tonkotsu shoyo) was great at first, but the more I ate, the saltier it tasted.  Being on a limited sodium plan, it was a little much for me, but it was still delicious.  The kuro was good, but it was better with the thicker noodles. Service was quick and polite. I really enjoyed my first ramen bar, and look forward to going back again.
5	Raman!! Raman!! Raman!! What more can I say!! Quick fix that does it right!! Place serve tonkatsu, shoyu, miso and tonkatsu/shoyu broth!! Delicious either way! Add more topping! And wow.. I was amazing with the flavor that was instantly put in my mouth! Come to this little spot for a quick japanese raman fixture! Try their pork over rice..- fatty! Goodness over rice :D!!
2	Totally overrated,the cashu was totally fat . that's why it's tender.that how they keep lower the price everything was salty, too much . I've lived in Hawaii for 5 years, I know what the good ramen taste like. They should put more bones not fat in soup base.
2	I give 2 stars for the food and one star for the service. Food is very average, not spicy... has no flavor.Service is way below average. I asked substitute fish for scullions in my salad. In the end I got no fish and no scullions. Also, I asked server to put a fork in my order to go. She said that she did that. When I opened my bad I found out I don't have any fork.Anyway I will not come back in this place.
5	OMG, the Tonkatsu Ramen....this broth is what my dreams are made of!!! It's extra fatty and creamy and aromatic, and it goes with the ramen noodles perfectly. The balance in flavors here is phenomenal. The bowls come out piping hot and perfect!If you don't like feeling your arteries clog as you eat, you can go for the Miso Ramen or a mixed broth ramen (which have a different flavor profile, but are also wonderfully paired with the ramen noodles). Tip: get the extras! The pork is DELICIOUS, and if you like eggs with runny creamy yolks, order the flavored egg :) Also, this is a tiny little ramen shop reminiscent of Daikokuya in downtown LA.....the wait/line can be super long....but the turn-around time is pretty fast because the little shop gets so hot you'll want to leave as soon as you're done eating!
4	Great food, attentive staff, fast service. Expect a long wait Friday and Saturday nights to be seated.....especially if its a rainy day perfect for noodles.
2	The dumplings were good but everything else was meh seating is not very comfortable restaurant was extremely hot Service was okay but the restaurant was very busy restaurant seemed overhyped to me
1	I'm so sad to give them this rating. Monta has the best ramen in town, but not this monta. Their chasu was really chewy and I was surprised. The space is really small and it gets crowded. The chairs at the bar were really uncomfortable. And they seated like 3 parties before we sat down when we were there before all of them!!! I usually crave monta and love it, but it's the Eastern location that has my heart. I asked nicely if they had the chasu buns here and the lady was rude and said "no we don't." It was just a question. Anyway, probably won't be going back to this monta again. Sad because it used to be a favorite. Looks like I'll stick to the one in Henderson with nicer staff and better quality food. Ta ta for now!
4	Will have to definitely check this place out again when in Vegas...that is all :)
3	Their ramen flavor is actually pretty good. The reasons I gave a 3 star are because: long waiting line and the broth too salty. We couldn't finish the whole bowl even tho it's not big portion. Too too way too salty. Not worth a 30 mins waiting, and the environment isn't good cuz too hot, can't feel any AC inside of the restaurant. If there's no Kung fu tea next door to distract us from waiting we'd probably leave already.
2	I guess it's good for Vegas!  Thank goodness we didn't have to wait too long for ramen that is just ok!  My husband got the tonkatsu ramen, had no idea it didn't come with an egg (everywhere we eat at they give you an egg) so that's odd.  Then we tried the soup, wayy too salty.  My husband added water, about half a cup to dilute it, tasted so much better.  There really is no service.  We sat down, ordered and paid and that's pretty much it.  Don't expect to much.  We came in with high expectations because of the reviews, but left disappointed and hungry!
5	Alright Monta, after 2 reviews, I gotta give you guys the 5 stars. As mentioned in my previous reviews, this is by far the best ramen house in Vegas. That alone counts for a lot. They put a lot of care into their food, which I under appreciated in my previous reviews. Yes, I still think service is sometimes a hit or miss, but lately its been great the past few times I've been here. Hopefully, this is just consistent and not my amazing luck. Also, they listened to their customers and opened up a new location in Henderson. I really appreciate restaurant owners who lend an ear to their customers and act accordingly.Not much else to say about Monta, if you are looking for ramen in Las Vegas, you've come to the right place.
5	Ohmylanta, I can't get enough of Tonketsu Shoyu ramen!!! I absolutely love Monta. I'd eat it everyday if it was healthier. I've been there a million times (literally) and it's always packed full of people. It's a testament as to how awesome their food is. They also are quick with the service so the wait is never really that long. On top of the bomb food, their prices are super legit. Monta definitely deserves 10 stars as they serve the best ramen in town!
4	I love love love Monta Ramen.  Their food is so fresh, healthy,  and FAST!  The place is ALWAYS packed which means to me that I'M not the only one who  thinks so. This has to be the most popular ramen house in LAS Vegas.  I get the Miso Ramen often BUT there's on dish with lots of bean sprouts that I want to try.. looks so yummy! ! My lunch partner had Tonkotsu which of course I tasted... she put corn in it which was brilliant!  Can't wait to go back again.  A humble setting with wicked food!!
4	This place was such a good find. Never had been here before and we just searched up a Ramen place to try (since our favorite ramen joint closed down) and I would have to say that Monta Ramen is probably our new favorite. Their menu is small and simple, which I like because then I don't have to sit there forever trying to decide which one I want to order. I was able to see what they have and decide what I wanted quickly. We ordered the Tonkatu Shoyu and added an egg (extra $1.00-$1.50) and it was SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO yummy! We also ordered their fried rice and gyoza. All was delicious. The only downfall I have is that it is such a small restaurant that many people enjoy going to, so if you're there on a busy night.... most likely there will be a wait for a while and you'll be stuck waiting outside. (No inside seating area, hardly)It was definitely worth the wait for us though. We enjoyed eating here and will be back again for sure.
5	the inside is very small, so if you have a big group i would think twice about coming during lunch/dinner hours, the ramen I had was really good & the service is really quick.
4	I had the noodles with chicken broth and the fried rice, the dishes came out quickly and well done despite the dining room being full. The menu is compact the service efficient I would recommend it to anyone for an informal quick,  well cooked and presented  meal
5	AMAZING RAMEN? IN VEGAS?DID ELVIS KNOW ABOUT THIS!!????We walked out of the Kung Fu Tea boba place next door and already a good line of hungry go-getters. I mean..if you're looking for delicious Asian food in the Chinatown area....get the Ramen.So the advantage about being in this line was getting to order first when they opened. Everything good to go! Fresh Fresh!It did not disappoint. [Food]Spicy Tonkotsu Ramen. Hit the spot so good.The menu is actually really simple and has 2 main pages. [Location]Ramen house. Bar side and few tables. Slightly tight inside but that's what I like. More authentic. I can see it getting packed in the heavier hours.This is like Shinsingumi good. The broth is so rich....and the pork melted in my mouth! The egg noodles were firm and plump. Need to get more extras in your bowl!YOU CAN BE A BALLER AT THE VEGAS BUFFETS BUT THIS RAMEN PLACE IS THE GAME-CHANGER TO GOOD MUST EAT ASIAN FOODS TO EAT IN SIN CITY.
4	I wouldn't call myself a ramen snob, but I can appreciate a good bowl of ramen when I taste it. And I absolutely did with the Tonkotsu Ramen here- enjoyed it a lot!The broth had hearty pork flavor and thick, creamy consistency, noodles were QQ- had the right amount of springy texture and chewiness to it, egg and Chashu Pork cooked perfectly. Everything blended really well together in flavor and texture. Anddd, what you get for the price makes it that much better! Super affordable and delicious always makes for a great meal!The fried rice was one of my favorites as well. It's one of those dishes you will end up craving after you leave. Just get it when you go, trust me. I was hesitant when my friend ordered it because it's just fried rice- I could make that at home, right? I ended up eating most of it and left wanting more. I've been patiently waiting for Monta to open in Richardson and when it does, I hope it's just as good as it was in Vegas. Can't wait!
4	I don't have any clue where to eat when a group of 8 is hungry in Vegas, so I opened up yelp. Even though they're not listed on the top, but boyy.. the reviews caught my attention. So here we are at Monta. Ordered Shoyu Ramen, Spicy Tonkotsu ramen, and gyoza.
4	Not really a big fan of noodle shops but this was the exception. I ordered the chicken and pork which was great. Very tender, melt in your mouth, pork and broth was perfectly seasoned. Small shop, clean, and service was super fast. Defiantly coming back.
3	Perhaps this is the best ramen that Las Vegas can produce, but it's definitely not the best ramen out there. It's not even "pretty good" ramen. It's simply decent. I came on a weekday for lunch and there were several people waiting outside for a table. This noodle shop is tiny. Luckily, it was only my boyfriend and me so we snatched two seats at the bar. I ordered the Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen while he had the Tonkotsu Ramen with an egg. Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen - pork and chicken broth with two slices of pork chashu, black mushrooms, bamboo shoots, and a pile of green onions. The broth was extremely salty, especially compared to my boyfriend's broth. The noodles were rather springy but they were still acceptable. Half of the pork chashu was fat so there was actually very little meat.Tonkotsu Ramen - pork broth with two slices of pork chashu, black mushrooms, bamboo shoots, and a pile of green onions. My boyfriend added an egg which was soft-boiled so the white was cooked through, but the yolk remained molten. He thought his ramen was OK (and he's a ramen fanatic!). The broth fell flat (although not as salty as mine).The flavors here aren't very compelling. The portions are generous considering a bowl is about $7 and the noodles come out pipin' hot. The restaurant is quite small so I was feeling a bit claustrophobic. That, coupled with the relentless Las Vegas heat, made me want to bolt outta there the second I was done slurping my noodles. Service was lackluster, not that I was expecting anything phenomenal. If you're in Chinatown and need a quick and warm bowl of ramen, Monta will suffice.
5	I just had monta again and had Chizuru as my server again and she was awesome. Very helpful had a smile on her face. Not sure if she recognized me from my previous review but either way I was very pleased. This place is AMAZING.
4	Wanted to try Monta on my Ramen quest as it was on my list for Las Vegas Ramen places. It was good,, did not disappoint, enjoyed our lunch, but still on my quest for the perfect ramen.
5	Great Ramen...small menu, but just how I like it. Great service...what else do you need!
3	We order number one and three. The tonkotsu ramen and shoyutonkotsu ramen. Those are pretty good. I would not recommend the gyoza. Taste like my cooking skill. Gyoza is not crispy and very oily.
4	Besides gallivanting on the Las Vegas strip for some great eats, my cousin and I decide to venture out. We wanted to get some curry, but the place we wanted to go to was closed during lunch hours. So with my trusty Yelp app, we decided to search what was popular around the vicinity. Monta Ramen was the first thing that popped up in our search, so we headed there.As we arrived, there was a small line formed outside the building. Typical for a well known ramen spot. We added our name to the wait list and had about a fifteen minute wait. Once we were called, we sat around the prep area. Our server handed us our menus and gave my cousin some recommendations on their popular dishes. As for myself, I already knew what I was going to get.I decided to the the miso based ramen, which includes some basic ingredients:- Green onions - Two slices of chashu- Bamboo shoots- KikurageThere are extras you can add to your ramen, pricing varies. I got the following extras:  - Butter- Corn- Extra side of noodles- Nori- Soft boiled eggOur ramens came out fairly quickly after placing our orders. As quickly as they were served, they remained piping hot! The presentation was nicely put together. I mixed all the ingredients in the bowl and took my first sip of the broth. The broth was very tasty. The addition of the butter gave the broth a creamy taste. The noodles were soft and easy to chew. The hard boiled egg was perfectly cooked to my liking with the runny yolk. The chashu seemed a little dry, but still tasted great.Overall, a great experience and comparable to some of my favorite ramen spots in the Bay Area.
2	Went here with my dad and cousin. We waited 30 minutes outside. I thought to myself, "heck yeah, this wait is going to be worth it because I've heard a lot of good things about this place!" Tried the food. Wasn't impressed. I ordered a Shoyu Ramen and a mini mentaiko bowl. I expected the mentaiko bowl to be delicious, and it was--but trust me, after a few bites that sodium content will turn you off. A few minutes later, the shoyu ramen came. Too salty for my tastes. My cousin ordered a Tonkotsu ramen and I tried it. I wish I ordered the Tonkotsu ramen instead because it wasn't AS salty, but still pretty salty. My dad ordered a miso ramen. Again, it was salty. You get the gist.Aside from the salty dishes, we ordered gyoza and fried rice. The fried rice was pretty standard and the gyoza was just a bit better from the frozen ones you can get at the store. Neato.Maybe I'll come back when I'm low on sodium intake. The only good thing was the service. I wouldn't recommend this for big groups because the place is pretty small and it's usually packed whenever I'm around the area.
4	This location is very small and sometimes too crowded, but it hits the spot every time. If you're looking for a quick pick me up meal, Monta is the place to go. Their menu is small but very straightforward. It's sometimes nice to not be overwhelmed by a huge variety of things on a menu. They have different ramen bases and sides that you can add to your ramen. The ramen is very delicious and filled with lots of flavor. If you aren't craving ramen, they also have delicious rice dishes and other nonsoup based dishes. This place also does not break the bank. Cheap eats that are actually very yummy is always the way to go. As for the service, I feel like it depends on the day. If it isn't too busy, it's very fast, and obviously if it is busy, you may have to wait a bit longer. This place is definitely a casual dining environment, with yummy Japanese comfort food! Overall this hole in the wall joint is worth it, especially for a college student on a budget such as myself. Monta definitely has me coming back for more.
4	My black ramen was awesome. Fried garlic created aroma that delivers energy.The soup might be a little bit to salty to finish, but overall it's good.
4	Yum yum yum, I love ramen, so of course I had to have it in Vegas!Wait was not bad at all , 5 minutes, but we came in on a Monday night before my flight out, so that may have been why. I ordered the Kuro ramen (black garlic oil ramen) and it was possibly the best Kuro ramen I have had thus far. There is a restaurant that specializes in kuro ramen near my own home, but it does not compare to Monta's. The food came out pretty fast, which is always awesome. The garlic was incredibly flavorful and aromatic and just amazingly delicious. Chashu was also really nice and tender. My only qualm was that the broth was a little salty for my own liking. I had to add some ginger and sesame seeds to cut the saltiness a bit, but other than that it was very, very good. If I had access to Mona Ramen close to my own home, I would eat there so much it would definitely not be too good for my blood pressure.Can't wait to come back and try their tonkatsu and miso ramen as well!
3	I figure if you have a small menu you have to do it right... I tried the shoyu ramen... it was alright... nothing special... But i was super disappointed by the goyza... really bland... the spot is great... super small and intimate..
4	Absolutely delicious, probably the best ramen that I've ever had.  If you don't like to wait on line for a table, stop by during the off hours.  Every time I've gone, the line was out the door, but that's an indication of their food.
5	Monta is my go to place all day, every day :)The ramen is always great. (From tonkotsu to kuro...) you can't go wrong with any kind!!!!  Broth is always on point, and the chasu is bomb.  plus you can add/edit the toppings on your ramen. I like mine with nitamago (egg), and some shredded green onions (for texture) always, but there's plenty of options. The awesomeness doesn't stop with their ramen. The best dish ever is their pork belly bowl!!!!! It's super rich, with lots of heavenly pork. Garnish it with some ginger and sesame seeds. Yum! Service is always good. It's a pretty small place though. They tend to get really busy, and wait time can be long, but it is for sure worth the wait :)
5	As my first ramen experience it will be hard to compare.the place is tiny though so you might want to order it to go, as there are only a few tables. Either way it was wonderful. I choose to have the tonkotsu and the pork just melted in your mouth, yet it was still only the second best feature as the broth was amazing.
5	My boyfriend and I had to stop in again on our way to the airport.. Monta has awesome ramen. Also, I would recommend getting the spicy sauce on the side of you like a little extra flavor!!Warning** you will leave full.
4	There's love and hate relationship in this place. I love it cuz the food is good. I love the pork belly and the tonkostu ramen. The one thing I hate it it's the wait and small space. But everything else it good.
5	This place is by far my favorite Ramen place in Vegas!!! The prices are very cheap compared to other Ramen establishments here and the flavor is delicious!!!
4	I was craving ramen after going out in Downtown LV and found this place through Yelp. As an avid ramen eater, I would say this place was pretty good. I ordered the spicy tonkotsu ramen, and I must say, I have had more flavorful broth but the noodles were a nice texture and the ratio of noodles to pork was fairly equal. I loved that this place was open late and although it was packed when I first arrived at 12:30am, I was seated within 15 minutes of arriving. I also enjoyed that they had all the condiments already on the table, including the fresh ginger. I always ask for ginger and I'm glad this time I didn't have to! I am biased towards my ramen spot in Torrance, however I'm still a fan of this place. I would come back again!
5	We had to wait quite a while because this is a very small place, but it was worth it. We ordered Shoyu Ramen and Miso Ramen (x3), gyoza, and the kimchi fried rice. The kimchi fried rice was a total hit with our group, and everything else was good as well. The gyoza was nice and crispy. We will definitely be back but we will probably try to find out what their peak hours are so we don't have to wait as long next time.
4	3 stars for the food. 4 stars because it's pretty good for the price you pay; especially in Vegas where it's hard to find good, non-fast-food places that'll satisfy you for under $10. Shoyu Ramen ($6.95)Tonkatsu Ramen (6.95)Pork Belly Bowl ($5.75 for regular)Ramen was good, had a great bite to it and soup wasn't too bad. IMO, I wouldn't say it was anything special though. Pork belly bowl was really yummy. Simple: meat and rice. I loved this. Portion was actually huge and I probably could have done with just the small bowl.
5	This is, hands down, the best ramen restaurant in Vegas, in my opinion.  The dining area itself is rather small, and more often than not you'll have to wait awhile for a table (especially during lunch on weekdays, and on weekends).  I think it would be super difficult for them to accommodate to a party of more than 4 people.  Their prices are very decent as well.  Everything is pretty much under $10.  Everything I have tried here tasted excellent.
5	You're lucky if there's no wait. So worth it tho!I always get the shoyu ramen... and pork belly bowl! don't forget those add ons... I always add corn in my ramen!I'm not a ramen person but if I have to eat ramen... I choose Monta!Fast service too! Casual dining and cheap eats!I'm a fan!- Miss Yelp 2014
5	Don't go here if you are vegetarian! Totally my bad on this one. My husband wanted ramen, so I looked up this place and saw the reviews were great. Didn't think to check the menu to see if it was vegetarian friendly, just wanted to get him soup to help with his cold. He LOVED his food, and everyone else's looked amazing. They did have a cold noodle that was vegetarian. It didn't taste bad, but wasn't great. couldn't get past the "cold" part. Felt like I was eating cold leftovers out of the fridge. Meat eaters however, CHECK THIS PLACE OUT!
5	Came to Monta based upon word of mouth recommendations and was pleasantly relieved we made the right choice in coming to eat there. I had the Miso Ramen and the broth was a delivery of full body. It wasn't bland or too saltly or just average and so I was a happy camper. I had added the eggs and corn to my order. It was like a partyin my mouth. The pork was cooked perfectly and the portions were ideal.I will definitely come back the next time I'm in Vegas and a Ramen fix!
2	Wow. Just wow, in the worst way possible. Was it an OFF night or something for them the night that I decided to enjoy my first meal in Vegas when I landed?I've heard only amazing things about Monta Ramen from fellow online Yelpers. But lemme tell ya, I should have listened to my actual Yelp foodie friends from the Bay Area. They told me, "Monta ain't all that." Don't get me wrong, service was pretty good actually. Maybe too good...cuz my ramen came out within minutes of ordering. How is that even possible? Do they have it pre-made in the back and it's just microwaved or something?I had very high hopes for Monta, sadly...I will never return. Here are my reasons:1. TOO SALTY. And even if you ask for less salty...you're still gonna feel bloated as shizz from the sodium.2. Noodles are NO BUENO. They're like thin vermicelli noodles. I like my ramen noodles thick and with the right kinda chew!3. My soft boiled egg got cold within minutes. Hmmmm :-|4. Spicy means weaksauce-American-spicy to them.5. Oh yes, and there's always a wait here too. Why, I have no clue...Do yourself a favor. Go across the street to Ramen Sora and have a real bowl of delicious ramen. You can tell I was quite excited to sit down and enjoy my meal when I first got to Monta...check out my YouTube vlog for that weekend: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DhN4ggfu52w&list=UU5YaBtOxOYqeFEEQ_aW6JiA
5	I only wish they have one in So Cal.  I had the Kuro and the broth is so rich and nothing I've tasted here. We have a lot of great ramen places here but nothing like Monta. The manager was also super nice and called us a cab. The wait was long but totally worth it.  The fried rice was also yummy! My new go to ramen spot when I'm in town.
5	Definitely a great place for ramen.Had tried all of their ramen. My favorite would be the miso ramen. Place is small, but definitely has the Japanese ramen shop feel!Pork belly bowl is a must!
5	Absolutely the best ramen I have ever had! I ordered the Shoyu ramen and every bite was delicious. I will definitely be coming here every time I am in Vegas! Priced very reasonably. The noodles were perfect and just absolutely mouth watering! New favorite Ramen place!
5	Ever since I started dating my boyfriend over a year ago, we've been coming here whenever we had the money to. We love this place so much we'd go multiple times a week if possible. We even considered staying in Vegas just because of it (we live in San Diego now.) This is hands down the best ramen place I've ever had.
5	Monta was our go-to ramen place while we were living in Vegas (especially after drinking)! Great ramen (especially Tonkotsu Shoyu) and gyoza! Can't wait to go back there when we come to Vegas!
3	I like to think I'm an average guy with an average guy appetite. My biggest gripe: portions wayyy too small ... with minimum protein. The two thin pork slices were yummy but about 1/3 fat and the size of a "dollar" pancake. Broth was very salty but I like salt. Heads up ... The thicker noodles were perfectly cooked (al dente). Veggies were yummy. Everyone around us was ordering extra-this or extra-that ... underscoring insufficient portion size. Taste was excellent. Tiny, noisy, cramped, long wait, rock music was totally unnecessary.
2	When I was in Vegas, I was craving Ramen!  I searched on yelp and was amazed by the raving reviews I read about this place.  The restaurant is really small, about 5-6 tables plus the bar, so we waited for about an hour in half to be seated.   I ordered the Tonkatsu Ramen and shared the pork belly bowl with my husband.  Their ramen soup wasn't as flavorable as I expected and same goes for their pork belly.  I felt like some ingredients was missing.  I'm sad to say that  I've had better.
3	My family always having dinner at this place almost every weeks. We love food here but last night it was the first time I feel disappointed for their service. There was a group of people about 8 of them sat on the waiting seat for customer and SMOKE. Not only one but 5 of them smoke.  Everytime the front door open smoke will come inside restaurant. I told a waitress to tell them to go smoke far away from the restaurant but she ignore me. So bad that my daughter had to smell that toxic from those rude people. Shame on them!
5	Had the ramen a while back, when they first open. It was very busy and we sat at the counter. It was the same today, very busy for late lunch. I didn't expect a wait list but we put our name down and waited, no too long around 10 minutes. We sat at the counter!We ordered the gyoza, the pork belly bowl, the chashu bowl, spicy tonkotsu ramen and the shoyu ramen. It was all very good, the broth was perfectly blended, warming the noodles through and the pork belly bowl is worth a repeat, it was top of my favorites list! Service was great, food was great, now that cold weather is upon us, this may become a welcome spot!
5	Talk about authentic! I  am from Hawaii and we love our food! We have a substantial Japanese population that kept the old school style cooking and we also have the new generation dabbling with Fusion dishes. I can say I love both. A bit surprised at the comment made a couple back from mine. I would say maybe her taste buds need coaxing to enjoy a good meal. As for the pork belly dish, my grandmother made the best and this is pretty comparable to hers. And that's a huge compliment.Thumbs Up!!
5	Great food for a great price.  Fast excellent service.  It is almost always full but since service is fast you can just wait and seats become available quickly.  All parties must be present to be seated.
5	Omg I'm so full and my tummy is happy :) I recommend starting with the kimchi fried rice it was very good and came out quickly.. Although our ramen didn't take long at all either.. We did wait to be seated because we got there at prime dinner time.
5	We were in vegas for the Sema show, looked up the best ramen and this ramen house came up.  All four of us agreed.....it is the best!  We had all the ramen options and loved them all.  You can order them hot or regular...both ways are totally yummy.  Fried rice if good but order it light oil.  Pork belly bowl is bomb.  We ate there 3days out of 5....it was that good.  Options get expensive though.  Enjoy!
5	THE BEST RAMEN I'VE EVER HAD.Portion sizes make sense also, you eat a small bowl of the best quality Ramen, and you go home without the usual, "OMG I'm going to hurl" feeling you get from most ramen places.
5	Simply the best! The only place in Las Vegas that I could give 5 stars to. Only place that comes partly close is Fukumimi Ramen.
5	Excellent ramen recommended by locals.  Very glad we went. Surrounding area is maybe a bit foreboding, especially since they don't have a clear sign like the rest of the shops in the plaza but once you find it you won't regret the search.
5	Just ate here and it was seriously the best ramen I've ever had, definitely. And for a great price! Seriously, for a standard bowl of tonkatsu shoyu it was like $7. It was very filling, might I add. But, point is, the staff was incredibly kind, the service was incredibly speedy, like blow my mind speedy, and the food was impeccable. I will be coming back. 10/10
4	This place was the second ramen place I've been to in town and I wanna say it was really good! I got the Tonkatsu shoyu with sea weed and egg. The broth was spectacular! And the pork was so tender....it melted in my mouth.  The only reason why I didn't give this place 4 stars instead of 5 is because they didn't have dessert:/ not even Mochi... Maybe next time:)
5	Very delicious Kyushu Ramen in America!Like I eat in Japan.You can go by ride or 203 RTC
5	Wow. Just wow. I wish I could give this place an even higher rating. The reviews and recommendations really show how wonderful this place really is. The first time I came here was also the first time I had ever had ramen. It was a Thursday afternoon around 3:30-4. I was looking for a good local place with ramen as I was with my family and it was my dads suggestion we try ramen. We went to a place on the same street about 3 blocks down. The place was EMPTY I mean not even a single car in the parking lot. After doing some research on yelp I see that monta ramen is just down the street and was high rated with lots of reviews. We checked it out and it was packed! On a Thursday afternoon that really says a lot about the place especially when another similar place so close was completely empty. We waited a moment for a table to be ready as this place is kinda small and does not have much seating space. But do not be deterred by this! It is worth the wait. The waitress was very nice and recommended the pork/chicken broth combo which she said was the most popular. I was sooooo impressed. I can't describe how delicious. I've gone back twice and it has only been 5 days. Mind you I also do not live close by.
3	Winter weather leaving you feeling cold? Me too! My old staple for cold weather comfort, like many others, is Pho. In light of something new I decided to try Monta Ramen. This place is definitely worth a try! Very cozy, small place, serves up a limited menu of fried rices and reman soups. I had the Kim chi fried rice -the egg and the flavors were amazing. Also has the tonkotsu ramen and that was a very hearty filling soup.The downfall from this place is the lack of a vegetarian option soup. This is usually a must for me. Feeling the cold disparity I opted for the chick and park broth tonkotsu ramen and gave the pork that came with my soup to my boyfriend (obviously this was a plus for him ) I neglected to notice the specials board, or rather the server neglected to tell me about it, but next time I'll be trying their Spicy Tonkotsu soup. Would have given this 4 stars, but sometimes the attitude of the servers is a bit shaky. Also, sitting at the counter near where the door opens isn't the greatest either.
4	Super small joint. I had the tonkotsu with thin noodles and the hub hub had the spicy ramen with thick, wavy noodles. The tonkotsu noodles were pretty thick for being labeled "thin", which works out for the better because I prefer thick ramen noodles. The first time we went here I thought it was one of the best ramen I have ever had but this time, though still good, it isn't the best. With that said, for the price you can't beat it!
5	Bowl full of yum!  It's a small place with reasonable prices and an uncomplicated menu. Good for small groups as it's a small venue. Worth a try :)
4	Im not the biggest fan of asian style noodles, but the noodles and broth here are closer to what ive tasted to dishes made for me from people that are from japan or lived there than any other ramen spot in town. The layout and atmosphere is closest to what its like in Japan according to my friends from Japan. Monta has the best fried rice, and the best gyoza of any style asian/japanese restaurant in town PERIOD. My only complain is the meat they put on top of the ramen bowls is small.
5	This is a MUST every time I'm in Vegas, & I've been here 3 times this year already.  It has definitely taken over the typical hungover comfort food, Pho.  Their broth is rich & the salted egg is so good with it.  The meat is always tender & I can never finish my bowl.  My boyfriend always has a big appetite so he also get the bowls as well, he loves it but I feel it's more of a dish to order on the go.
3	This place is awesome., The Gyoza are delicious and the Shoyu Ramen was as good as noodle soup gets.
5	To date, my favorite ramen spot in Vegas. Small location so there are always wait times. But the flavor and quality of the ramen is stellar! Very reasonably priced. Everything you order is prepared fresh as your order is taken. Go here! Trust the fat kid
3	This place has over 1k reviews so I was pretty stoked to try it out.  I have to say it's OK.  We pretty much ordered each type of ramen they have here.  The broth is fairly tasty and the noodles are pretty good but it was SALTY.  I drank 3 glasses of water while eating my food.  I don't know if they make fresh noodles here but I know I've had better noodles.However that soft cooked tea egg, PERFECTION.  That really made my ramen so much better.If you come here be prepared to wait since it's a tiny restaurant.  Luckily it moves pretty quickly but I would not come here with more than a party of 2.*For Vegas standards, maybe this is the best out in the area.
3	Monta Ramen, a top ramen restaurant in Vegas, provides good food, but it is not worth the long wait. Although the nitamago (soft boiled egg) had a great texture, it was bland and lacked the distant soy sauce flavor. My friend's spicy tonkotsu ramen had pork with great proportion of fat and meat; yet, the soup was not spicy by all means. I recommend going to Monta Ramen at 11:30 a.m., its opening time, in order to avoid the wait.
5	We had lunch at Monta Ramen. If you are in Las Vegas, you've got to visit this place. The food quality is awesome, and the price is excellent. The ramens are less than $7 per order. I actually find the fried rice and pork belly bowl are my favorites. Make sure to get there early because the wait list can be long. But the serving speed is very fast so you won't end up waiting for long.
4	I'll make this short and sweet. Hey, that's the perfect description of our waitress!We arrived on Friday night, between 6-7PM to a full parking lot, but a slow night over at Monta Ramen. We found street parking, got our name on the list and probably sat around 7 minutes after that. The bar top was packed while the main area had a steady flow of patrons ordering, dining, enjoying then leaving. Seems like standard operating procedures, so let's do it.I ordered the Spicy Tonkutsu Ramen and our table shared the Takana Rice. Literally, our ramen showed up within minutes.. Seems like they might have it sitting stove top somewhere. It took longer for our rice to show up, but it was definitely worth it. The rice was tasty, as are most fried foods. Fluffy and moist with bits and pieces of meat, egg and dashes of spice. As far as the ramen goes, there was a taste I can't quite describe.. it wasn't necessarily bad nor was it good. What saved the bowl, in my opinion, was the fact that they include a little sriracha style chili sauce which blended well in the broth and masked that indescribable taste. That, along with garlic and a dab of soy totally turned this dish from a 3 to a 4. The spice level, out of 10, had to be in the 5 or 6 zone. ALMOST had me, but it was more of a flavor than the actual kick. The ramen noodles were a little thin making it truly easy to finish this bowl off, which I find hard to do in the SGV area due to the portion sizes.This wasn't necessarily the best ramen I've had to date, but having the wind gust hard outside along with winter like temps and an empty stomach, it definitely did the job.. We didn't have to wait in a dreaded line, super-friendly service, decent prices, prompt ticket turnaround times and the meal was quite fulfilling.
4	I was here to meet my friend and glad she did. This small place is known for their delicious ramen and for bargain. The ramen was so flavorful as well as the broth. My favorite part of the dish was the pork belly and egg.We also ordered gyozas which I can't remember how it was like so it proves it wasn't anything special.
3	Components of a good bowl of ramen:1) perfectly cooked noodles (some prefer slightly chewy, but I like mine a little softer)2) well-balanced, flavored broth3) attentiveness of toppings Monta Ramen's Tonkotsu would have been THE PERFECT bowl, except it only passed 2 out of 3 of my criteria.Great noodles, good chashu, but the tonkotsu broth was waaaay too greasy and rich. It got to the point that I had to dump water from my cup to dilute it down-- [gasp!] I know, what blasphemy! Had I known, I would've gone with the shoyu or miso.
2	Why are all ramen shops in Vegas small and cramped? That's besides the point because I am willing to wait for good ramen, but I was pretty disappointed by Monta on a recent visit. The toppings were too basic. It wasn't a surprise that the flavor was lacking when you only have a few components. You get two small slices of chashu and a few bamboo shoots. The tonkotsu-shoyu broth didn't have any depth of flavor. I had to ask for a second helping of noodles because the serving was so small. I didn't like the thin texture of the noodles. My friend asked for extra chili sauce for his spicy tonkotsu because it lacked the kick he was looking for. They said it was $1 extra. If your broth isn't spicy enough and you want to charge your customers extra, shame on you. Plus, 75 cents for nori? At least that's included at Sora. The best part of the ramen was the soft-boiled egg.
4	Tiny hole-in-the-wall joint in a strip mall featuring a variety of cheap, delicious Asian mom-and-pop eateries.  I'm not going to say anything that differs from what my other yelp colleagues have said; I will concur with the majority in that I found Monta Ramen's enormous bowls of steaming, savory goodness satisfying for the body and soul.  For less than $10 a bowl, anyone lucky enough and patient enough to snag a seat (no reservations; you sign your name on the queue list and temper your impatience) will be rewarded with yumminess that will live on for the rest of the night.
5	Best Ramen in Vegas.  I'd really want to rate this 4.5 stars, because the service is at times a bit rude, but the food is probably good enough that I can rate this 5 stars.  I come back frequently, always order the tonkotsu ramen with an egg and extra pork, delicious!
5	Wow!  And OMG!  Authentic and delicious! Totally satisfying - very tiny so be prepared to wait! But it's so worth it! And did I mention this one won't cost you a bundle- almost felt guilty it didn't cost a tad more- noodles and beer- less than $12!   Do not miss this place!!!
4	Best among ramen places in LV & more reasonable price. Place is really small and there's wait most of the time. Still, we keep on coming back. Service is fast & efficient. Servers are courteous. Place is clean.  Reminds me of Ramen places I've visited in Japan. :)
5	Monta Ramen's tonkatsu ramen broth is one of the best ramen broths we have tried. You can really taste the flavor in every sip. The chasu melts in your mouth and the price is very reasonable compared to other ramen places.
5	Our last day in Las Vegas, We decided to go to Monta Ramen for lunch. Monta opened at  11:30am, and there is a line already!! We saw people lining up outside, after waiting for a little bit, my friend noticed there is a sign up sheet inside!!! Damn it!! They should leave the sign up outside! Oh, there is no sign saying Manto in front, but you can't miss it with the long line outside.Anyways, after about almost 1 hour wait, we finally got seated at the bar ... which was fine, we get to look at the chefs.Food! We ordered a Large Pork Belly Rice Bowl to share - the fatty pieces of pork were cooked perfectly, so tender, buttery, just goes perfect with rice! I really miss this!Hubby ordered the basic Tonkotsu Ramen with egg added - broth is very bold and tense, and what I love the most is not overly salty!I ordered the Kuro Ramen with egg added on the daily special board - black garlic oil ramen, I really love it. Egg was perfectly soft boiled, runny center. I do wish that it was thick noodles, this is just personal preference :)My friend ordered Tonkotsu Ramen with egg and corn added - looks amazing!!Very good and authentic Ramen place!
5	This ramen place could do well in the LA area. I had the miso ramen spicy and the flavor was on point. The charsu was delicious and basically melts in your mouth Very quick service of course and a great feel to the restaurant. Definitely will stop in again when I'm in town.
5	Read all the hype on this place and finally went to see what it was all about. Glad I did. Got there early and there was already a line building up. The line eventually got crazy. But the ramen here was fantastic! I've had ramen all over the world but this was one of the BEST ever. I realize waiting in line sucks but this place was worth the wait. I tried the black garlic oil Kuro ramen and it was hands down the best bowl of ramen I ever had. We also tried the spicy tonkotsu ramen and it had great flavor as well. Best to get here 30 mins early and just wait before the line becomes crazy but you will be glad you did.
5	Ramen here is reasonably price and the miso ramen is delicious! Definitely going to in here next time I'm in Las Vegas!
5	I came to this place because I was referred and love a good ramen place. It's a small place. Be prepared to wait but it's well worth the wait! The food was delicious! From the appetizers to their entree.  This is a true Japanese ramen place. I will be definitely coming back.
5	Although the dining area is small, it is well worth the wait! I've been here several times and I always try to bring a different friend. The flavors of all of their dishes are spot on and the soups are an explosion of yumminess in and around your mouth. I'm forever a fan!
5	Best ramen house in Vegas hands down. Love the miso Ramen with extra butter chasu and diced green onions! And I'm addicted to the garlic and chili oil as well :) if you want to leave full and satisfied without killing your wallet this is the place to go.
3	This ramen place is pretty popular in Vegas so I thought i would check it out. The place is pretty small, so the wait was a little long. But when we were finally able to order I got the spicy tonkatsu ramen with an added egg and seaweed. The soup was a little buttery and heavy for my taste, but still not bad.
4	Monta Ramen is one of the best ramen spots in Las Vegas. Is it the best in town? Maybe...My order I always get is the Tonkotsu Ramen + extra Chashu + Nitamago + CornSometimes I order Gyoza, sometimes Fried Rice, sometimes both. Depends on how hungry I am.Everything is done well and if you need more heat just add chili powder.What sets Monta apart from the rest is their Chashu. I don't really fuck with pork but their Chashu just melts with good buttery & rich flavor. The broth can get heavy but their must be an egg in every Japanese hot noodle dish.The spot is like how a ramen spot should be. Limited spacing with more seats at the bar than tables. You get in and get out (if no wait time) in 30 mins...When it comes to Japanese food I'm a harsh critic because the times I've been to Tokyo and my mom's cookingOverall it's maybe the best in town as I've converted non ramen lovers into lovers of ramen...if you haven't been go for sure!
5	Best ramen I've ever had! Fresh ramen noodles are SO GOOD! This place is really delicious. It's become really popular so there will often be a wait but it usually doesn't take long because the food comes out really fast. I especially love the tonkotsu broth.
5	Great ramen. Quick Service. It's perfect for a chilly night and no hassle dinner. Make sure you sign yourself in right when you get there. Our wait was only about five minutes and the good was well worth it from the kim chi fiend rice to the shoyu ramen. Highly recommended
3	I like  the ease of the menu, which makes ordering so much easier. Overall, tasty ramen but I found that the broth was a bit more salty than I would have liked. Not so bad that I couldn't eat it but it would have been better with a little less miso. Service was very quick and servers were friendly. I ordered my ramen "spicy" for a dollar extra but they offer sriaracha and chili oil on the side. Next time, I'd rather give them that dollar as a tip and spice my own ramen. One other bummer is that they do not have hot tea. All in all, I'd come back but i'm not jumping all over myself to do so.
5	This place is really good! The prices aren't bad at all and totally worth it (quality and quantity wise). I heard that this place can get really busy and all tables/seats were occupied from when we got there till the time we left. Luckily we just beat the rush and only waited about 5-10 mins. I would definitely hit this place up the next time I'm in Vegas!
5	This place is extremely satisfying, especially after a day of hiking. We were able to split a pork belly bowl and potstickers between 3 people. The pork belly was soft but not chewy and very flavorful and the shoyu flavor did not overpower the pork. We added goma to the bowl which gave the pork and rice a rosted, nutty flavor. The potsickers were delicious. The wrapper was thin and crispy and the filling had a slight kick to it, so if you don't enjoy spicy food in anyway I wouldn't recommend ordering these. I ordered the tonkatsu shoyu ramen with an egg and was very satisfied with my choice. The broth was creamy without being too fatty and the chashu pork was soft and melted in my mouth. The egg could have used more seasoning or marinated a bit longer as it was rather flavorless.  The noodles were the right consistency and were neither too chewy or starchy. The service was on par with the food. The wait staff was friendly and came back to check on us often.
4	There's always a line and it's a small restaurant but it's worth the wait.If you aren't Asian then you probably aren't used to a pork based broth, then that's what you should try. The sliced pork (Tonkotsu) is amazing.I go back every time I am in Vegas, TRY IT!!
5	This place is AMAZING! Be prepared for a long wait if you come during peak hours because it's a small restaurant. We ordered Shoyu Ramen, Miso Ramen, Pork Bellly Bowl and Chashu bowl, and kimchi. My favorite was the Pork Belly bowl (~$3 for small, ~$6 for regular size), the ramen bowls were fine but they weren't the best I've had in Vegas.
2	This didn't turn out to be what i expected. Soup base was so salty, and the meat melted in the soup. I couldn't taste the meat at all. All in all...mehhhhhh
5	This place is definitely worth checking out. The tonkotsu ramen had delicious broth and the chashu pork in it was amazing! The wait to get in was a bit long, however totally worth it! Once we were in the staff was friendly, service was quick and efficient! We will definitely come back next time we are in Vegas!
4	Soup is a little too salty. Noodles are among the best ones in U.S. Eggs are so-so. There are too less seats in this restaurant. I waited for about 1 hour to gets seat. And when I left it, when was 3pm, there were still a crowd of people waiting in the line.
5	This place was a great place to eat! The shoyu ramen was awesome. The miso was pretty tasty too if you like miso. Fried rice was reAlly good also! Even thought the line was long and a ton of people it was worth the wait. For anyone who is familiar to orenchi in San Jose. It's kind of like that just a little smaller. A place I will be back to when we are in town!!
4	It's like 3.75 stars.Not a huge fan of ramen, unless it's remakarable place and though it was good, it wasn't anything I would want to stay in line waiting for it.It was just not comparable to ramen places in LA or NY.
2	Unfortunately, a place I used to think was near 5 stars and a reference standard for ramen in the US, was entirely disappointing today - quite embarrassing actually. For some reason, the soup was bland, extremely salty and not hot, the noodles seemed so so, the bamboo shoots were coarse, and the pork slices were extremely fatty. This extreme inconsistency from prior experiences leaves me wondering whether to ever bring guests to this place ever again. Perhaps there has been a change in chef?
5	Hands down. Best. Ramen. Ever! I came here on a weekday for lunch. Actually, the reason why I even decided to check this place out is because the day before I was at the Japanese Curry spot just a couple hundred feet away (in the same plaza) and noticed a long line at Monta Ramen. I was curious. Why were so many people waiting outside to eat ramen? Well, I needed to found out! So the very next day, my friend and I arrived around 11:15am (the place opens at 11:30am for lunch). There were already a few people in line waiting for the doors to open. I peeked inside. It's very small! There's only about 6 tables and a few seats at the bar. We got seated at 11:30am and when I looked out the window, there was already a line. We ordered their top two special daily ramens: Spicy Tonkatsu and Black garlic Oil Kuro ramen. Both are fantastic! Very flavorful and unique! I've never tasted anything like the Kuro ramen before. Truthfully it looks gross cuz it's black and oil, but damn the ramen tastes soooo ono (good)!!!! The noodles are perfectly cooked, al dente! The service is fast and friendly (they kind of want you out of there quick, though! lol). If you're ever in Vegas and you love ramen, you def have to check out Monta Ramen. You won't regret it! The long line is worth the wait.
5	The best ramen in Vegas. It is amazing. It gets busy and is a very small space, for lunch it is best to arrive a little before it opens to avoid a little my wait.
4	Pretty freaking delicious! I had the spicy tonkotsu and it was perfect for this chilly winter we're  having in Vegas! The pork was ever so tender and if I knew the word for al dente in Japanese then I'd use it to describe their noodles! You will typically encounter a line as it is a small restaurant with only 5 tables and about 8 seats at their bar but well worth the wait! If you're thirsty for some Boba just go next door to Kung Fu while you wait! Enjoy everyone!
3	A little bit salty for me, but the soup well complements the noodles. Choices on the menu are very limited. You can get ramen and rice and fried dumpling and nothing. However, if you like the ramen, it's s very good deal. A bowl of ramen is plus tax around 8.
2	This place was alright to me. Not the best ramen but not the worst either. I've had better but this could work if you need a quick fix on a budget.
4	With just a limited menu this place nails it on the flavor! Hot Ramen soup on a cold night. Yum yummy. It is a very very small restaurant so be prepared to wait outside. But worth it. The service is quick and fast and very attentive.
2	I know this is a violation of Yelp Law, but my visit to Monta was only the second time in my life that I've had ramen (Cup O'Noodles doesn't count, not that I eat it).  I may have been spoiled by the first time, which was in New Jersey.  At that place I was able to customize it to the skies: choice of the regular pork broth, or chicken, or even vegetable.  Too salty?  "No prob, we can do low sodium." And I was able to have chicken or shrimp (can't remember which) instead of some fatty pork.It wasn't that way at Monta.  What you see is what you get, complete with photos.  And since even as a kid I was nauseated by even the tiniest bit of fat on any meat or poultry, I couldn't stand the pork that was in the bowl and had to remove it.  I'll take a nice, lean piece of pork loin any time, but not the stuff that makes up the choices at Monta.  The broth was pretty decent, and I'm a sucker for noodles of any kind, but the ramen here will never be my comfort food.While service was quick, the tiny and cramped space does not lend itself to comfort or relaxation, so fast service was definitely welcome.  I don't disagree with all of those who love this place.  Different strokes for different folks, I guess.
3	One of my favorite places in Vegas. But their restaurant size has them always hosting a mammoth line out the door. As a former local I wouldn't wait for Monta. They do not have super fast service like ramen spots in Tokyo and westerners drag along and take their time. Love the noodles, but I wouldn't wait more than 10 minutes in line for them.
5	Seating at Japanese Ramen joints are very similar. 3 -  6 tables and a bar, and a waiting list that you write your name on and wait to be called. At good Ramen places, a half hour to 45 minute wait is the norm. They aren't places to linger. They are places to eat and leave.Early on a Saturday night, before the huge CES tradeshow, we hoped it would not have a line curling around the block as it did the year before during the trade show. With a little bit of parking "karma" we snagged a parking spot as someone else left, signed in and waited.We were fortunate. After 20 minutes, we were in. Some Ramen places do a complete "meal" with broth, meat, egg, veggies, etc. for about $15 Monta does the "basic" with add-ons that comes up to the same price. But that meant you could get what you extras you wanted. More meat, maybe another egg or an extra helping of corn or nori.I had the Tonkatsu Shoyo broth (pork bones and soy sauce) with extra charsui (fatty pork), stewed egg and nori. Seated at the bar meant we got a ring side view of the cooks: The huge pots of broth at a roiling boil, how they heated the bowls before using them, the finishing of the bowls.Once they arrived, we slurped it down - like you are supposed to, before the Ramen sat in the broth too long and the texture changed. Excellent noodles, tasty - very tasty broth, fatty slices of pork and stewed egg with the yolk just a little "custardy" - very yum.Definitely worth the usual wait - if we were to head back there again.
5	Delicious ramen!  I tried the Tonkotsu and the Tonkotsu Shoyu ramen.  Both were good... but I liked the Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen more.  The Tonkotsu is a very very rich fatty pork broth.  Probably  a little to rich for me.  The Tonkotsu Shoya was a little thinner, but had more flavor.  We also got the Kimchi Fried Rice which was amazing.  it's the best Kimchi friend rice I've every had.  (I think I enjoyed the fried rice more than the ramen).  The place is small, but the staff does an excellent job of turning over tables.
4	Quick, good food, a little rough around the edges but the food allows you to overlook the bricks and mortar neglects so to speak. The reviews overall do this place justice, it's way off the strip but worth it if you've got wheels and enjoy good soup.
3	The wait was soooooooo long. 1 hour? 2 hours? It was ridiculous. But it was so highly yelped that we stuck it out through our hunger.The ramen is very very salty. I have a salty palette and even for my taste buds, it was too high in sodium.But what I loved were the small bowls of mentaiko and pork belly. We ordered 2 small bowls of mentaiko (fish eggs over rice, embellished with green onions etc) and 2 small bowls of pork belly over rice. I also loved how they had kimchi on the menu. Most ramen places do not offer kimchi! Loved everything about the place except the wait and the saltiness of the ramen.
5	Best Ramen in Las Vegas!! It's always busy, so the best time to go it's right when they open at 11:30. Try the potstickers too, great place!! Highly recommend!!
3	This ramen is ok.  It is way too overrated.  Not worth any wait.  And compared to many ramen shops in NYC, LA, or the Bay Area, this ramen is just ok.  Very salty.  Flavor is not memorable.
4	I arrived at 1pm  on a weekday. I got lucky and was seated in about 5 minutes when a few spots opened up. I ordered the Kuro  Ramen (with the black garlic oil). It comes with 2 small slices of fatty pork and green onions .  Don't come here if you don't eat pork. My bowl of noodles came out in about 3 minutes. In fact I was in and out of there in less than 30 minutes. I had a great experience  here but I doubt I would wait more than thirty  minutes to eat here since it's surrounded by other good restaurants . Next time I want to try the fried rice, gyoza, and maybe the Spicy ramen. Thank you YELPERS for the great recommendation !
