5	I wrote this review over on the Cork page, so I figured I would drop it here as well.  I brought a date here on a Thursday evening, the restaurant had a good amount of patrons and was not crowded.  The hostess sat us and the waiter came over to get us started, the wine and beer list is on an iPad which I thought was cool and easy to navigate.  We order drinks and my date and I were having great conversation the waiter felt bad for interrupting us but I was appreciative he was cordial about checking in.   We finally ordered another drink and food.  Our salad came out and we chatted over that for what seemed 5 minutes but was actually 30.  The waiter came over and said that he hadnt put the order in quite yet because he noticed we were enjoying one anothers company and asked if we would like to delay the meal or go ahead and get it started.  I thought this was really nice of the waiter and very thoughtful.  Now to the food, the Mac and cheese was amazing...  I normally dont say Mac and Cheese is amazing but this was so full of flavor, bits of bacon, mushrooms, it had a smokey taste that left an amazing after flavor in your mouth.  I highly suggest the PB&J creme brulee for desert as well...    I will return!
5	I went here for the first time for my first anniversary with my man!  I am not the type to be comfortable at a place you need to pay $100 for a glass of beer, and I felt really good here!  The prices were very reasonable, and I'd argue there should only be two dollar signs rather than three on this place on Yelp. We wore our t-shirts and jeans and fit right in alongside some fancy shmancy dressed people.The ambience was really nice.  It was a modern but also classy restaurant.  I LOVED their old school light bulbs and the succulents in the glass domes.  I normally tip 20 percent, as I've been in the restaurant industry, and it is not easy!  However the waiter we had, has made me re-think this policy, in that he was so amazing!  Now, I'm judging future waiters based on how amazing this guy was.  he recommended a fantastic beer that is now my favorite beer.  He told us about all the dishes, personally asked the chef things we casually inquired about, served each of us on the correct side, and just made my fiancee and I feel really special, more so than anywhere I've eaten before.  I don't eat out at 5 star restaurants that often, but I don't eat just at Denny's either.  I certainly felt like I was eating at a 5 star restaurant!I have also never had a more delicious scallop.  Ever!  It was meaty and cooked perfectly. Their savory monkey bread was also fantastic!  As a pescatarian, I do wish they had a few more fish and vegetable options that were not quite so heavy, but it all was so good!  The roasted cauliflower with greek yogurt sounds kind of gross and weird, but it works so well!  I can't recommend this place enough, especially for an SO or SO to be!  My only real complaint is that they serve foire gras.  I wish they wouldn't, but I just don't order it and hope they stop that practice. Anyway, thanks Earnest!
5	Excellent experience all around.  Food was very good and the service was equally very good.  We had the monkey bread and lamb meatballs for appetizers (both wonderful), my wife had the ribs with pork belly while I had the cider-braised pot roast, both of which were tender and flavorful,  We will definitely be back and would highly recommend to anyone who enjoys great food with great service in a great atmosphere!
5	Food was excellent and for comfort food was light and well presented. Service was excellent.
4	My husband and I came to cork often. We like Earnest just as well!  The food was still just as yummy, and the staff is still wonderful! The new decor is classy yet casual, and the restaurant has a very open warm feel to it. My only suggestions would be to change the music (it was a loud rock type), and even if you dont want to carry bud light or coors light on tap, having a staple beer like that in the bottle is always a good idea. Not everyone is a fan of hoppy brews (even though they are all the rage right now)We can't wait to come back!
3	This will be a mixed review.First, let me say that the transformation from Cork to Earnest appears to be successful. I don't know if it's the "new" factor, but the place was really hopping tonight, a Friday.Longtime regulars of Cork, we were excited to try Earnest. On the disappointing side is happy hour. No food is happy hour priced. Nothing. Not even gimmicky dollar off select appetizers. Also the happy drink selection is very limited, with just one cocktail, a gin-based Aviation, ordered twice and served two different styles.We ordered "The Board," with feta cheese and chicken pate for $13, but felt the bread ratio to food wasn't balanced. We asked the bartender for another single piece of bread. They brought out a plate of bread and we were charged for a side of toast. sigh.With dessert -- the banana pie -- we also ordered an expensive cappuccino ($5.50) that was marred by bad milk. It curdled in the cup. It was replaced, but made us question quality control.We spent a C note, including gratuity, without ordering an entree, but left less than satisfied. With such limited happy hour specials, I don't see us going back on any kind of regular basis. Hopefully Earnest will make adjustment as they learn from their first inning experiences.
3	I'm not really sure what the fuss us all about here. The food is good but a little over the top. It's nice option to not have to go to scottsdale for this type of food but I don't really want to pay scottsdale prices for a restaurant in a strip mall.The decor is really nice but the iPad drink menu was more annoying than helpful. Everything we ordered was good and  I liked having two options for sparkling wine by the glass.
4	Great service, excellent food.  This was formerly Cork, and recently re-opened as Earnest.  I never went to Cork, but may come back here again.  We had three appetizers - lamb meatballs, prosciutto (wasn't on the menu, was a special that night), and mac and cheese.  All three were great.  My wife had the salmon, I had the buffalo brisket, both were great as well.  Good wines too, I definitely recommend visiting here and trying for yourself.
4	We live in Chandler and went to Cork two or three times a year. I understand Earnest has the same chef. I have to say.... I LOVED Earnest and only just liked Cork. This new place has a much funner vibrant ambiance. Modern but comfortable at the same time.And the food... oh man... my type of menu! It's a twist on comfort food. There is pot roast and pork chop on the menu. My husband had the pork chop and said it was incredibly tender. He loved the potato dish that came with it . I had the market fish and it was sole with over a bean, greens and sausage something or other that was to.die.for. Had a zucchini cake appetizer as well as the deviled eggs. Yes... deviled eggs! The eggs were familiar in a really good way and the zucchini cakes had us practically licking the plate. The service was excellent. The wine list is good without being stupid pretentious. I'm not a beer fan but the local beer our son had made him really happy. I'd give it five stars if it weren't brand new and if I had been there more than once with a similar experience.
3	We went for our anniversary.  The service at this place is amazing however the food was a total miss for my husband and I.   My husband had the market fish which was very bland and I had the ribs and pork belly with bbq sauce that was way to sweet.   I did not care for the peanut butter creme brulee either.  I could not believe the amazing service though.
5	Back for the third time.  Love the service, Alisha and Winston were great company tonight.  Great drinks, really good food and really like the atmosphere.  We are so glad that they made the switch....love that it is close to the house.  I see many visits in our future.
5	Have been 3 times since it opened and have been happy when I left. In the past week they have introduced a new happy hour menu which was needed. Many new choices at reasonable prices.  Food is excellent and service at the bar is great. Give it a try you will be happy.
5	Amazing food, excellent service.   We had our anniversary dinner at Earnest.  It was a great atmosphere for our evening out.   My husband had the buffalo brisket.  It came with bratwurst.  Very good!!!  I had the pork belly and ribs.  It was also very good.  Can't wait to go back and try dessert.  Breaking pudding with home spun ice cream sounds Ah-mazing!!!!
5	The service was great. From the moment we walked in the manager greeted us and took us straight to our table. The atmosphere was welcoming and relaxing. Our waiter was knowledgeable and friendly. They had a full coffee service with espresso and cappuccino which was perfect after a long day.We tried the fried soft boiled egg as an appetizer that was recommended by the server. It was something out of the ordinary. It turned out to be great and a nice twist compared to the deviled eggs.  As far as the food, the risotto was the perfect texture and full of flavor. The salmon came out a little under done to my liking, but it was my fault for not asking. For others it may have been perfect. It was expressed, taken care of delightfully, and much appreciated. The glaze on the salmon was amazing and went well the rest of the rice and vegetables it sat on. I would highly recommend dessert. The cinnamon bread pudding is well worth the extra wait. We will definitively be returning.
5	I had heard good things about this restaurant lately (specifically the happy hour) so I decided to give it a try. I was very pleasantly surprised. I had the happy hour burger and onion rings and they couldn't have been better. The burger was juicy, the onion rings were crispy but not over cooked, and the thick cut bacon - holy goodness batman! I also loved the happy hour basil gimlet; so much so, I had two. Moreover, the blonde bartender (I can't remember her name) was wonderful... Fun but professional. I will be recommending this restaurant.
5	Every once in a while, you find a truly special restaurant.  A place where you always feel welcome, whether you are dressed up or casual, a place where the quality of the food is always top notch and the staff is super friendly and awesome.  That special place is Earnest.  Earnest used to be Cork and my husband and I stopped in a few times when it was Cork.  I like the vibe of Earnest more than Cork, so I'm really pleased with the updates they made.  Earnest is so welcoming and they have one of the best bartenders around, Alicia!  This is super important because we love to dine at the bar.  She is so great and we followed her to Earnest from where she used to work.  Honestly, Alicia is the reason that we discovered Earnest because we had no idea Cork had changed.  :)  Thanks, Alicia!  Between Alicia, Sean, and Winston, we feel the love every time we're here.  The drinks are amazing and they even have blue cheese stuffed olives, which is a must for our favorite Hendricks martinis.  (Side note, Cork used to charge for blue cheese olives - one of the reasons we didn't frequent the place and another reason why I love the changes that have been made with Earnest!)  My husband and I have been stopping in about once a week and have made it through most of the menu.  The menu was just updated to add some seasonal items and we had fun playing with the new additions last weekend.  Try the pork and beef chili - soooooo good!  The crunch from the corn nuts was a nice change - I'm going to do this when I serve chili at home.  Other items that we are obsessed with are the fried soft boiled egg, the fried brussel sprouts, the zucchini cakes and the lamb meatballs.  Honestly, the entire menu is solid, with the exception of the monkey bread and bread pudding, which don't do it for us, but I know some people love those items, so it just depends on what you like.  If you haven't checked this place out, you simply must!
4	Pleasantly surprised! Went early and had a couple of drinks at the bar. Their deviled eggs are amazing. For dinner, my wife and I shared their daily risotto and the pork chops. Both were delicious. We definitely plan on going back to sample more of their menu.
4	Went to Earnest late on a Friday night with my Father on a visit from the northeast. The young lady by the door greeted us almost like lost friends and we quickly found ourselves sitting on the patio - by the ever present heaters. They were welcome that night!The sounds of the indoor crowd mixed with the music, yet we were able to carry on conversation without much trouble. While I was tempted with the Sea Bass entree I opted for a seared tuna appetizer well seasoned on a bed of scallions, arugula and just the right amount of oil.The entree of choice was the  braised boar shoulder risotto with mushrooms, peas, lemon, parmesan, and a healthy portion of herbs. It was excellent - the risotto was firm and tender - with no hint of stickiness. The blend of the boar, mushrooms and peas complimented each other.Dad had the cider-braised pot roast on a bed of spaghetti squash and butternut squash puree on the side. The roast had been cooked in a cider jus that was very tasty. He thoroughly enjoyed it.Wine was by the glass and the Cab was rich and full bodied.Earnest is on his list to return after I have returned home.
3	Earnest formally Cork, which we've dined at several time and loved both food and service in the past. This was the first time trying Earnest: dinner at 7, for a party of 4, through Open Table, had requested a very quite table for my elderly father who is hard of hearing. Not much had changed in decor or feel of atmosphere. We were seating in the private room which was perfect!A few things, our waiter Mike,  though very efficient seemed abrupt and a bit cold. Our drink order was taken right away and drinks and wine were delivered in a timely fashion. Our orders were taken and that's when the wait began. An hour went by and our appetizers finally came at 8:05. I had asked the server if there was a backup in orders and was told the kitchen was dealing with a party of 12 (not my problem).Appetizers were Lamb Meatballs (peppercorn feta, roasted tomato, charred peppers, herbs), f.o.t.d (foie gras of the day), Warm Spinach Salad (soft boiled fried egg, corn nuts, shallots, apples, bacon vinaigrette). Dinner was the Perfect Hamburger (short ribs, swiss cheese, onion, horseradish aioli, pickle, fries), BBQ Pork Belly and Ribs (bacon and mushroom mac and cheese, cole slaw), and Cast Iron Flat Iron Steak (potato wedge, cream spinach, red wine sauce)Overall food was very different from the Cork menu which I preferred more. The food was a bistro style, very rich, was unique combination which worked and was pleased to see the foie gras still on the menu. We were not impressed with the lamb meatballs (as raved about), a bit salty, the flat iron steak, though cooked perfectly was lacking taste and was just ok, my perfect Burger was good except for the stone cold pretzel bun that it was put on which I immediately discarded . The burger was done perfectly but was extremely rich with the short rib and onion topping. All other appetizers and entrees good (but not a wow factor)All in all it was ok, we missed Cork (upscale dining which Chandler needs) service good but cold and kitchen slow, slow, slow. Would try another place unless I was having a foie gras attack.
1	I loved this place when it was Cork.  We went there this week for dinner, and the food & service was sub-par at best.  Our waiter (jack ass) was not familiar with menu,  and could not give my wife or her friend any feedback on the wine list.  The dessert was inedible, and was sent back.  This place was much better when Robert was in charge.  It's clear they are having issues figuring out both the front & back of the house.  There is one thing that I'll guarantee - I will not go back to this place, and that is very disappointing!
3	Had dinner for the first time at Earnest last night.  The best thing about the place is the atmosphere.  I like the booths and the sound level is low enough that you easily talk which is becoming harder to find.  This was a good thing since it took two and half hours for dinner.  It took probably 10 minutes for the server to take our drink order, and at least another half hour before she came back and took our dinner order.   It didn't seem that busy, so I wonder where she was.  It then took at least 45 minutes to get our food. During that time it took at least 20 minutes to get a second glass of wine (pricey and small pours).  The only thing that was timely was the filling of our water glasses which was frequently done throughout the evening.    I had been there when it was Cork, and was expecting more casual food with lower prices.  However, the menu is very limited and I had a hard time finding something appealing. I ended up ordering the zucchini cakes and a side of the daily risotto.  While both were tasty, they were VERY SALTY--an ongoing problem at many restaurants!! Let your food speak for itself! My husband ordered the flat iron steak which was nicely done. His salad with the popcorn on it was very lacking and completely overpriced.  Add a side salad option at a reasonable price! I'd like to go back as there are so few options in that area, (BLD being the best), but they need to speed up service, add some more middle of the road food selections to the menu, reconsider food and wine prices,  and...hold the salt!
5	We never did try cork but made it to Earnest recently.  We loved the atmosphere, the interior decor is minimalist, modern and beautiful.   The food is imaginative and very well prepared.  Servers were very knowledgable and well trained. All in all, it is a Scottsdale type dining experience in South Chandler.  You will pay a little more but it is worth it!
1	Terrible.Everything from the service on New Years eve to the food choices.This place was good when it was Cork and had a great happy hour. As for its New Years dining experience which they charged $75 per person for it was horrible.Horrible server. The worst Cake ever, everyone at the table sent it back. It was overcooked and dry and tasted like something purchased at a 3day old mexican bakery.The fish was the only thing anyone liked to be honest. The short rib dish was horrible and definitely NOT worth the $75 per person price of admission.Not once did the waiter apologize for anything at all, not even a single dish that was sent back. He looked extremely coked out actually.
