3	You are on your way back from seeing Hoover dam/ Boulder dam ( a must stop on the Vegas travel itinerary) and you are hungry.You see the railroad pass casino.The sign that catches your eye is 7.99 T-Bone Steak Special. It just says OLD style VEGAS.and ....you are hungry.Looking like a white glorified truck stop as evidenced by all the "big rigs" parked in the lot - the Railroad Pass Casino looks is if it is built right into the hillside.It has easy access from the highway.Inside - your vision of "truck stop" is slightly augmented by the slot machines and few blackjack tables.You make your way  past Leroy's sports book and you find the Iron Rail cafe....... Old style Vegas.Nothing fancy, just comfortable booths and tables.The T bone steak is very good and the whole experience says "old style Vegas."The real secret in the Railroad Pass Casino is the Conductors Room - a very nice dining area with supurb Prime Rib, but since it was not open, the Iron Rail will do.Nostalgic ...... and very nice food - the steak was large, cooked very well and that baked potato came in its own silver foil.Totally enjoyable ....   For the price - absolutely enjoyable.
3	this cafe has SUPER good prime rib. Its not exactly conveniently located for locals unless you are headed to arizona/ boulder city or coming back.But i higly recommend it if you are looking for reasonably priced decent prime rib.the deserts, not so impressive.
3	I stopped for breakfast today on a bike ride from Lake Mead Parkway.  I thought riding the 7.5 miles to get here would be a nice place to stop, have some coffee, and a bit of breakfast.Getting seated was terribly slow.  There was one older person to seat and take payment at the register so things were slow.  By the time I was seated, the line behind me was about 5 couples deep.  I had to wait even though I sat at the counter.That being said, my server was prompt with the coffee and he took my order quickly, too.  I had a cheese and mushroom omelette, hash browns, and toast.  $8 + with tax.  This is a fine place for breakfast, and I'd stop here again.
3	service is lacking here and the food is hohumm
5	I stopped here on a whim because I needed a break from driving and there was a flashing billboard out by the road advertising strawberry shortcake for $1.  Who could pass that up??  I went into the casino (way too smoky) and found the Iron Rail Cafe at the back corner.  Their board advertised a lunch special of beef stroganoff for $5.99.  That sounded like a good idea for lunch so I ordered it.  I told my waitress (who was very sweet and chatty) that I definitely wanted the strawberry shortcake and she said "I'll check back with you AFTER your lunch to see if you still have room."  She wasn't kidding.  She brought me this massive plate of beef stroganoff that was second in taste only to my mom's.  It was so good I didn't want to stop eating it.  However, I was seriously determined to try this shortcake.  So I forced myself to stop eating the stroganoff and ordered the shortcake.  The waitress brought me a to go box for the stroganoff.  I told her I was 4 hours away from a fridge so I wouldn't be able to take it with me.  She actually took the time to box it up and pack it on ice for me so I could take it with me!  And then she even got me a to-go cup for my soda as well!  She was just awesome!  And yes, the shortcake was worth it!
5	A true gem in the desert, great little cafe with good specials. The food is wholesome and filled with old school goodness. Prices are as close to the good ole days as possible considering it's 2012 and everyone has iphones and internet at their command. Great traditional meals like burgers, onion rings, chicken fingers, salads and much more. The prime rib or rib eye steak is pretty good for the price, but don't expect a super dining experience since it's a full meal at the price of a single side dish at a fancy pants restaurant. If you are lucky you can be waited on by some interesting servers. Don't be in a rush, relax and have a good old fashioned throwback meal. The $1 strawberry shortcake is worth it even if you don't really want to eat it. It's huge and topped with $10s worth of whipped cream! Breakfast, lunch or dinner, get in there and have some Fun fun fun!
4	When I dine in the Iron Rail, I am on the right track to value. The Iron Rail is the Railroad Pass' s draw to get motorists off US 93/95 into the casino. Flashing signs advertise too good to believe restaurant specials. There is a $7.95 prime rib special and $1 strawberry short cakes. That is the tip of the iceberg of restaurant specials.  In my case, Railroad Pass lured me into the Iron Rail from the River Mountains Loop Trail. I try to support business parking lots that I use as trailheads. After three post-hike dinners here, I am a fan. My meal of choice has been the $6.95 spaghetti with meatballs (not meat sauce). The portion is generous. Unlike the Grand Cafe,  filler garlic bread is nonexistent. Also unlike many of the cafes, the meal includes soup or salad. The chicken noodle soup has been delicious. The cola is not flat. After the end of the meal, I usually drink a cup of coffee.  The coffee may not be Starbucks, but it is good. All this food and beverage comes to approximately $11 before the tip. The Iron Rail reminds me of a small diner staffed by friendly people. On all my visits here, they made me feel welcome. With a smile, they give me a choice of a booth, table, or counter. I choose a booth. Service is with a smile, but could be slow. After a day of hiking, I prefer not to be rushed. The ironic thing about this is that I am supporting MGM International Resorts instead of a small business. When I exit the Iron Rail, I leave with the feeling that I was on the right track for a good meal at the right price. The Iron Rail will be a cafe that I will return to.The Yelp Challenge.  Review 43 of 100.
4	Stopped here again on the trip home from Vegas for breakfast this time.  Our server's name was Brenda and she was a hoot!  Breakfast food was average - eggs, hashbrowns, bacon... my husband ordered biscuits and gravy and it was a really decent sized portion for $2.95.  Brenda brought us extra toast when we ate all of ours.  She was reallly what made the whole experience above average for us.  She obviously enjoys her job and has a good time with customers.  Even my husband, who is deathly afraid of talking to restaurant servers, enjoyed her.They still have $1 strawberry shortcake and it's still good!  Next time I stop I'll make sure it's at lunch again - they always seem to have a really good sounding special at a great deal.
2	Service can be scary. I've wittnessed the place get busy, and have a waitress yell at the hosting/seating staff not to seat her any more because she was 'overwhelmed'. Loudly, in front of customers....... Yeah. The restaurant is divided into 4 sections.... She most likely only had 6 tables.... But that's the gamble you take when you come to the good ol' pass.Foot here is really hit and miss. They don't like substitutions, and will charge you a dollar for a slice of cheese. I once had chicken bones in my bacon ranch wrap..... But what do you expect from a place that has cheddar mispelt on their menus ?
4	We went to get a lottery ticket at Rosie's Den, which was empty, and on our way back we stopped here for their $7.99 prime rib special, the place is a little divey but the prime rib was delicious, tender, juicy, not salty, no gristle, priced just right.  The baked potato that came with it was well cooked; not dry or hard. The corn was canned. My husband ordered the salad and the dressing (blue cheese) was watered down.So if you want to have a nice ride as you dream of riches and avoid the long lines at Primm stop here, you will not be disappointed.
4	Second time here, park away from the truckers. Service and food are ok-good friendly staff. Had the 4.99 burger special, it was as expected a good quality burger. Fish and chips were crunchy and hot, seasoned well. Would come back.
3	Hamburger and fries - $4.99 or Prime Rib or Rib Eye for $7.95.  Can't beat that price, we stopped in on our way back from the Hoover Dam.  We ordered the Rib Eye and the Prime Rib Drip, both were really good. **   SERVICE  -  The server who took our drink orders is a TOTAL BIGOT.  The guy didn't even look at us when we order our drink and took our order and just turned around and walked away, even while I was saying Thank you.  A little later, the guy takes the order from the table next to us, they happen to be Caucasian, and he is talking to them asking how they are and saying thank you and being friendly, he was totally a different to person to them.  The lady who served our food was very friendly, but I really hate when people are bigots.  Just to let you know, we are an Asian family and live in California.We did enjoy the food and will try this place, but if we get the same guy again, I will ask for someone else to help us and tell the manager .
4	Good food and Great Seafood Bisque. This is like my third time coming here and every time the food gets better and better.
4	What we had were the delicious hash browns, they're a thicker cut most places that serve you hash browns are the thin shreds of potatoes and ask for them a lil more crispy, makes em yummier. The French toast is good too not soggy just right for me I always douse mine in butter and jam. Biscuits and gravy were really good too. Johno are server was great but the hostess was a lil sour.
