5	A quick visit for two keys for my 16 year old Pontiac, he cut an ignition and a door key before you could say "locksmith." Total price: $4.70. I didn't tell him that I would have paid twice as much! I've stopped by both Lowes and Wal-Mart and neither had blanks for my old car at any price.No surprise that they had them here - they have two massive walls of blanks ready to go. They worked great - they opened the car and started it right there in the lot.They're located in the little red building just outside the hardware store.After this pleasant experience, if there is anything lock related, you can be assured that I will be back here!
4	I like to refer to this place as.... The Key Shack! If you drive by, that's exactly what it looks like: a little shack in the middle of Park Road Shopping Center. It make look a little sketch (there was some homemade BBQ for sale next to the Shack when I was here a few weekends ago), but they get the job done.I went here after a referral from a friend. I was looking for a hard to find key to duplicate for one of the uptown residential buildings. Sure enough, they had the key here. I had a new key and exchanged cash in about 5 minutes. If you have a hard to find key to duplicate - this is your spot!  Plus... one you're done you can stroll through the rest of Park Road Shopping Center if you so desire (cupcakes, coffee, Michael's, antiques, it's all here).
5	You wouldn't think there'd be much to say about a key shop, especially one so small, but this place is fantastic!First, the location is key.  It's in its own little tidy shack in the parking lot at the Park Road shopping center, right outside of Blackhawk hardware.When you peek in behind the counter, you'll see an immaculately kept workspace and rack after rack of keys and accessories.  The guy who runs the place usually has some good music going, and when you tell him what you need, he goes to his manual key grinder and gets the job done in no time at all.  The prices are reasonable, and the attention to quality is top notch.I'll tell you why it's worth going here rather than somewhere else like Lowes or Home Depot. Most places these days seem to use those automatic key making machines, where the unskilled attendant plugs in your key, then the blank, then pushes a button and lets the robot do the rest.  These machines put out garbage, and you're as likely as not going to have to come back and get the key redone.  And maybe again after that.Go to Park Road and let a human cut your key right the first time.
5	This guy is great!  Not the typical Automation machine this is the old school way and this way is more accurate for cutting keys!  This is where I have gone for years to get One copy or Eight!  Right as you walk out of Black Hawk (see my photos and if you don't know when you get there you will!
5	Have used this place on several occasions over quite a few years and, as you can read in every review, if you need a key, they can create/replicate it without fail.Excellent service and quality.
5	Was able to get 3 copies of a key in under 5 minutes. Quick, efficient, cheap. WIsh there was larger selection of "specialty" keys but I'm not picky. Highly recommend. Keys work over time.
4	Simple and speedy!$2 for a plain key, $5 for one with a design on it (at least for house keys).I'm sure he offers a few more services, but I was there to have a key copied and that's what was done in just a few moments! I'm happy!
