5	There are cupcakes and there are CUPCAKES.   Blushing bakeshop is amazing.  Let us start from the bottom up.The cake:  Moist and perfectly textured.   The cake does not fall apart in your hands, yet is melts in your mouth.  From vanilla and chocolate to carrot and banana (and more) the cakes stands on its own as cupcake-foundation perfection.  The flavors are explosive and you simply know that this places uses great ingredients (i.e., mmm mmm mmm buttery).The fillings:  Fresh, Fresh, Fresh.  Blueberries, banana, caramel, key lime custard, ganache.  Nothing every seems that it is just sitting around.  The frosting:   This is butter cream. Light and delicate.  The frosting does not leave that shortening coating in your mouth because there is no shortening.  The flavors are to wide for me to go over, but let me say I have had a lot.  Each flavor from key lime to nutella and cream cheese to vanilla is worthy of bucket and spoon to just eat the frosting.  Put the frosting on the cake and BOOM!!!!  I am in cup cake heaven.  I have had cupcakes from around the town and Blushing does not just beat them all, they are superior in every way. Here is the thing about Blushing, they care about the product.  Clearly, they have aimed to make a balanced cup cake.  The cupcakes are sweet, but not overly sweet.  The flavors are rich, but balanced without being over the top.  In other words, these are the type of cupcakes you can bring to a party (of adults) and everyone... EVERYONE will be in dessert heaven.   These are not lard based sugary hockey pucks.  The Blushing Bakeshop is the real deal.  I AM ADDICTED!!!!!   You gotta try them!  Simply put....  BLUSHING MAKES THE BEST CUPCAKES!
5	This place is wonderful, the smell of fresh baked cupcakes when you walk in.  I havent found that many places that really know how to bake a great cupcake. The blushing bakeshop is perfect, red velvet is not easy most people either do to much red dye or to much cocoa.  Their red velvet was moist and had the best flavor.  The buttercream was not like regular icing, its smooth an fluffy I'm afraid I could eat a bucket of it lol  I also tried the lemon and a chocolate one they have several of the same flavors everyday , but several different ones each day.  I just visited last night, I cant wait to go back.
4	I got a dozen assorted cupcakes recently for a birthday celebration - the cupcakes were very fresh - and tasted home-baked.  I was pleased with the service and the quality of the product.  The cakes were flavorful but not too over the top.  The icing was very good - not too sweet or overwhelming - just right.  These are definitely nothing like cupcakes  you get from a standard commerical bakery - which is a very good thing!
3	I just found out about this place, oddly enough since I love cupcakes. I had the vanilla cupcake with vanilla buttercream last weekend and it was delicious. The cake was super-moist and the frosting was light and not overly sweet, which I like. However, I went back tonight and purchased the lemon-curd cupcake with the raspberry filling and I was so dissapointed. The cake itself was as delicious as the first one I tried, but the buttercream was terrible. It had no flavor at all, and was very greasy. It had almost a Crisco-like greasy flavor and texture to it that left my lips feeling like I just applied chapstick. There was absolutely no raspberry flavor at all. I'm not sure if I just had a bad cupcake, or if they forgot an ingredient in the frosting or what, but it was so dissapointing. As for the service, I wasn't overly impressed with either visit. Last weekend there were three employees standing near the cash register and I was not greeted at all as I looked over the cupcake option. Tonight the employee just seemed bored and offered no help. I just assume that most employees would be happy to work in a cupcake boutique because, well, they get to work around cupcakes all day! A smile and hello would go a long way.
5	Oooh! This place is my cup of cake, hands down. And I've tried a lot of cupcakes. Last week I had to bash a fellow indian's business, but this week I get to promote one. I know cupcakes are a splurge, but these ones are really worth your $2.75 and here's why:- They are sized just right, not too large or too big, leaving your sweet tooth satisfied and your stomach still stable. - The frosting is fantastic, you can eat it alone and it isn't sickly sweet, and it's not piled on so high that it topples once you take a bite. No overkill here, just a well balanced amount of buttercream.- The cake is moist yet fluffy and light, not overly dense, certainly not dry. - The flavors rock and there's a lot of variety! The Savannah (classic red velvet) is splendid, the Duracelle (carrot walnut) is delish, the Betsy comes adorned with bits of dark chocolate, and hi, they have nutella filled cupcakes! Nut kidding! Their dark chocolate cakes pass my high standards, and I really can walk away from this place feeling great. Now I need to go back for their thirsty thursday specials, yes, it's what you think, liquor laced cupcakes. What a fantastic idea. Blushing has really perfected the art of making a cupcake and it's a great mood booster to have a well-made cupcake. What's more, the art shines through in their beautiful custom-made decorations too, which is why I'm using them for an engagement party we are having. Little delectable pieces of edible art, I love it.The staff is friendly, you can tell the owner takes pride in her cakes, and they have a little kiosk in the South Park mall too.So, skip SAS's sad cupcakes and try Blushing instead. You won't regret it.
5	Perfect icing/cake ratio! The cake is moist, the buttercream is light. They use fresh ingredients and you can taste the quality. This is not the overly-sweet kid-style cupcake. The flavors are complex yet simple. They even have Thirsty Thursday flavors that are made in adult beverage flavors. These are, by far, the best quality cupcakes that I have ever had. Check them out! Just a heads up, the vanilla-based cakes tend to be a little more dry and crumbly than the other flavors which are very moist.
2	I really hate that I didn't love the Blushing Bakeshop, what with the cute name, feminine decor and all.  I want all cupcake shops to do well, because, as you undoubtedly know, cupcakes are fun.  I had a chocolate cupcake with vanilla icing (although cupcakes at the Blushing Bakeshop all have cute little names, so it was probably a "Morgan" or something). The cake itself was moist and dense, just as it should be. The icing was the problem. I'm going to go out on a limb an accuse the BB of using....CRISCO.  The icing didn't taste like buttercream, it tasted, well, sort of greasy.  I just can't support non buttercream-buttercream. Sorry :(
4	I'm blushing over the fact that yes, I participated in eating four cupcakes.  Hmmmmm. Red velvet, vanilla on chocolate, nutella somethin' somethin' and a chocolate orange.  Rodrick from supper club liked the orange the best. Tonya liked the chocolate cupcake the best and nutella frosting. Cuz, I'm complex like that.
2	I really wanted to like this place.  It was a cute shop in a cute shopping center, they gave me a cute little container to carry home the cute little cupcakes (emphasis on little).  But I just was not that into it.  I came here to get my 3 y/o nephew a treat for being good at lunch.  He wanted chocolate and I decided to take home 3 more to fill said cute to go container.  I went with red velvet, vanilla and a Boston cream pie cupcake.  Once home, I cut a piece off of the red velvet to try.  The frosting tasted more sour than I expected and the cupcake was dry and almost stale tasting.  Okay I will try the Boston cream pie, so I cut a peice of that and figure it has to be moist since it has the filling inside, wrong.  There was a tiny ammount of filling and again, the cupcake was dry and not fresh at all.  Frosting was some kind of chocolate and it wasn't very good.  I decided to not bother with the vanilla and just left all the remainders at my sisters house since little kids will eat anything.  I did take a small piece of the chocolate cupcake and that was a bit more moist, but still not great for a $2.75 treat.I will stick with Nona's and Polka Dot for my cupcake treats!
4	Yay for yet another cupcake establishment in the area. There can never be enough of them! I had a Groupon that I bought earlier in the year for 4 cupcakes that's been sitting at home, collecting dust and finally mustered up enough energy to drive down to Ballantyne to collect on them. I got 4 and I really can't remember the "technical" names of them which just throw me off but one was a birthday cupcake, carrot cake, apple cake and boston creme. I tried the carrot cake one which was delectable and everything I hoped it would be along with the birthday one. Their buttercream frosting was out of this world and almost as big as the actual cupcake. I will be coming back (as much as my thighs hate me) for the frosting alone. Cupcakes were a bit pricey (I believe $2.75 a pop) but think this would be a special treat kind of place. The size of them reminded me of Georgetown cupcake in DC, which is a top notch cupcake place I've visited. They have parking right in front and in the garage at Ballantyne Village, definitely stop by this place after dinner or a movie!
2	I have to give this place only two stars because no way should a cupcake cost $2.75 under any circumstance.  The reason it's not 1 star is the cupcakes are delicious.  They are undersized.  One reviewer mentioned they are the perfect size... and they are, for a six year old.  For an adult, they are small.  At $2.75 per, you should get an oversized cupcake.  Batter and frosting are not expensive.  Yeah, their rent in Ballantyne Village is probably pricey... but if that's the case... move.  I hate to use this term, but I felt their prices are a rip off for what you get.  Again: delicious cupcakes, horrible value.
4	Can I just say "Thirsty Thursday"? Raspberry Vodka Cake topped with a Vanilla Buttercream and drizzled with a Raspberry Coulis--OMG! My absolute fav is "Kayla"--vanilla cake/lime curd/lime cream cheese. She's seasonal, but I'll wait!!!
4	Stopped in yesterday to get an assortment of cupcakes for David's birthday and may be stopping back again soon to get some cupcakes for Lauren's birthday. This time I got 2 each of the following: BELLA LUCIA - a vanilla cake with Nutella center & topped w/ stracciatella buttercream; DURACELLE - a carrot and walnut cake topped w/cream cheese frosting and a dusting of cinnamon; FIONA - chocolate cake filled with a chocolate raspberry gananche and topped w/ raspberry buttercream; KIMBERLY - vanilla cake filled with a homemade lemon curd and topped w/ lemony cream cheese frosting.  The cakes are moist and tasty  and the icing is perfect.  As for the people who have written negative reviews, I think that they  must have either gotten old cupcakes or had cupcakes that were not stored at proper temps prior to eating them.  Everytime I have gone to the shop at Ballantyne Village to get cupcakes, they have been fresh and delish.  Now, you definititely cannot leave these things in the car while you're doing more shopping or running errands becasue of the heat and humidity around here.  They definitely have to be kept at proper temps or the buttercream frosting is going to melt/separate/get slimy, or spoil in the case of the cream cheese. Remember folks, these are not the typical "Commerical grade" bakery cupcakes -- they are not filled with preservatives or loaded with corn syrup like the ones you get at HT or Lowe's Foods...so a little more care must be taken with them.
3	The icing on the cupcakes are fabulous!  Not too sweet and whipped to heavenly fluffiness.  Since my life long love = cupcakes, I consider myself a professional cupcake taste tester.  Even though the icing is heavenly, I am not completely blown away by the flavor pairing or the portions vs. pricing ratio.  Sometimes the flavors are really overpowering and sometimes you cannot even taste them.  Other times, the cupcakes lack consistency.I got to talk to the owner briefly and she was extremely nice & personable.  It made the cupcake more enjoyable knowing that I was supporting a fellow cupcake fanatic.
1	I truly wanted to like these cupcakes, but I have to agree with other reviews in that the cake was sort of dry, and the icing was greasy, and not buttercream.  I have had better frosting from grocery stores and Costco!
4	Picked up an assorted dozen. The icing is the best part. It is not too sweet, rather light and fluffy. However, I couldn't really taste the cream cheese in the red velvet cupcake frosting, which is usually my favorite. Overall, I haven't found a cupcake I don't like!
1	I re-visited the Blushing Bakeshop yesterday, because I was in the area and needed a snicky snack.   I'm sorry, these cupcakes are just bad. This is difficult for me to write, because saying a cupcake is "bad" is just a stretch. It's like saying a sunny day is "bad."  But alas, the cupcake was so dry, I am pretty sure it was baked the day before, or worse. The icing was ok. But the cake itself just cannot be dry!
4	Very delicious cupcakes! Unique flavors as well.
3	Not much of a fan of cupcakes? How about one with a bit of alcohol (flavor, perhaps) thrown in? That may tip you in the right direction. Don't like those little, bitty cupcakes served at some places? How about one that you can barely fit in your mouth? Don't like the big bad corporate culture for whatever reason? Buy from a local shop.You get the idea. There are all sorts of reasons to like The Blushing Bakeshop, not the least of which is if you happen upon a guy who looks better suited to be a Carolina Panther than to be serving you cupcakes. But that is only the proverbial icing on the cake. What it really comes down to is if the store itself is worth the trip, and the answer there is: Maybe.Though they seem to provide more than just cupcakes, that appears to be why most people visit - after all, the majority of customers will not have more than one wedding cake, and even those that do have more than one will not get a cake weekly, right? So looking at the cupcakes, they are okay, but you probably aren't going to go far out of your way just for one of them, no matter how good they are. If you are in the area, by all means stop in, but it may not be worth a drive across town.
5	I love these cupcakes so much that I make a trip there from Rock Hill when there is a special occasion.  I bought cupcakes there at Thanksgiving; all different flavors.  After lunch, we had a blast trying the different ones.  When my adult children have a birthday, they look forward to the cupcakes I bring them from Blushing.  We had a wedding shower on St Patrick's Day and had Car Bomb cupcakes.  Everyone at the shower loved these cupcakes.   I can't not even imagine giving them anything less than 5 stars for the acutal cupcakes.  I have talked to owner.  I don't like container that they provide for a dozen cupcakes.  It is difficult to remove but that is the only thing that I don't like about this place.  I have tried several other places around the area and NO PLACE compares to these marvelous cakes.
2	Cake of the cupcake was to dry, the icing was okay.Had better cupcakes from bi-lo
2	Everyone has their own idea of what makes a good cupcake.  This place just doesn't happen to do it for me.  The shop is adorable, feminine, chic, etc.  There are quite a few things that add charm to this bakery.  The names of the cupcakes are cute and they offer vegan cupcakes a couple times a week.The icing is very bland.  It is more of a whipped texture or like a foam.  You know the foam that sits at the top of your latte?  Well, condense that a little bit more and you will have the icing from this bakeshop.  Truthfully, it was tasteless.  I can be a little extreme because I like the real sugary, buttery icings so this one was just way off for me.  The cake part was okay.  We ordered a chocolate raspberry cupcake and the chocolate cake was decent but a little dry.  There was a raspberry flavored ganache in the center but it was very rich.  This was my second time here and I really wanted to make it work.  It just didn't.
4	This place never disappoints when I'm in the mood for a cupcake. They have a great selection of flavors from Red Velvet, to Birthday Cake, to Carrot Cake! My personal fave is the "Lola" which it chocolate cake topped with chocolate buttercream. Customer service is fantastic and you get a punch card, which reminds me I am due for a free cupcake!
3	had the Lola cupcake, which is chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream. Overall I  felt this was an average cupcake. The cake was on the dry side with chips of chocolate in it. Honestly it felt as though I could have made a better cake at home. The buttercream was a "whipped" type of frosting; very light and not sweet, but also lacking flavor and with a mouthfeel that is almost greasy from the butter. The shop itself is pleasant and very feminine; staff was welcoming. The cupcakes look adorable, but the bland dry taste will probably prevent me from visiting this shop again.
4	I've been perusing the shops and restaurants of Ballantyne Village all these years and have yet to make it into The Blushing Bakeshop until recently. Though I'm not the hugest fan of baked goods to the tune of cupcakes, cakes, cookies,...or really anything cake-y, for that matter, but I like this place. Here's why:Sometimes, normal biz hours aren't within the constraint of my day's allowance and, thus, I typically don't get a chance to visit many places that close before 6pm. Luckily, these fine people are open until 7pm most weekdays, and we made it in just before then. The employee, can't remember her name, was very welcoming and invited us right on in. The hours on the door may say they close at 6pm, but their Yelp info is right! Huge win here. Otherwise, we would have just turned around. The interior is quaint and riddled with pink, pink items, pink edibles, and other pinkable pinking pink-type things. Again, I'm not the biggest fan of cupcakes, but we happily obliged for the chocolate birthday cake and baker's choice for the day -- a white cake with chocolate frosting. Both were fine, but nothing to write home about. I think they had been sitting out for a while that day, but if the cake part had been fresh, I'm sure it would have been better. The buttercream on both were very, very well executed. Not stacked too high like some other places, which I greatly appreciate. As a mustache & beard holding gentleman, high frosting is a disaster. We also ordered a very, very, very good santa cookie. Dude, give me a glass of milk or cup of coffee with one of those jokers again and I'm a happy camper. Soft cookie, light frosting, sprinkles, and great vanilla flavor. The cake decorating here is very clean, too. Where I can't comment on the cakes themselves, I will say that they are gorgeous. Though I don't think the cupcakes are amazing by any constraint, those cookies, the service, and accessibility and variety, this place deserves 4 stars in my book.
4	Brandi was very accommodating in taking the order, making suggestions, and following up on any outstanding issues.  The cupcakes were beautifully decorated for the baby shower.
1	This place has horrible customer service. I called them twice and left messages, no one ever called me back. I called them again and talked with someone about doing a cake for my sisters shower. I had a design in mind and emailed it to them while on the phone. I was told that they wouldn't be able to get back to me about it until after the weekend. Why does it 3 days to look at an email? I was finally sent an email saying the design was too much because it involved fondant and they couldn't help me. That doesn't even warrant a phone call? What a horrible business.
1	I could not be happier that this place is no longer in Ballantyne! The staff has no idea how to treat its customers! I tried to visit this location for a consult on wedding cupcakes and was treated as though they didn't have time for me even though I set up an appt a month in advance! So happy I went with another company that was more than happy to fulfill my order and give me the service I deserved. Goodbye and good riddance!
