3	I dropped in here after work with some friends for a drink. I was told it had recently been remodeled and the business had changed hands, but I am not sure what it was before. I remember it always being busy during this past festival, so I figured it must be alright. I really liked aspects of the interior, it sort of felt like an old train station in some ways with the high ceilings and tiled floors. It has a sense of the original decor with more modern touches. The seating is either in booths or tables along what seemed to be old church pews, but it wasn't very busy so it was easy to fit the 6 of us in. The drink list looked interesting, but I just had a beer as did everyone I was with. The service was good and the food menu sounded nice, although we weren't hungry. The only thing I would like to change about this place is the light shelves behind the bar which hold bottles of liquor. It seemed very out of place and sort of cheesy, both other then that, it was a nice spot for a drink, although with how open it is, it isn't very intimate. Yet still cozy. I think there are some wee spots you could tuck into if you want some more privacy.I would be keen to maybe try some food here, but I think it suits better as a drinks and nibbles spot. Also great location on the Royal Mile.
3	Just visited this bar (it's also a hotel) one night as I'd seen it had been refurbished and wanted to check it out.  It was once the Bank Hotel, the Bank had been there for years, maybe 10 or more? The Bank had a large bar in the centre of the space and seating round the edge, with an traditional timber and tiled pub feel.  It has since been completely reformed, for the better? Well, I've always thought the Bank had it's place in Edinburgh, bit of an institute for sports, tourists and a long standing pub.  I wasn't a frequent visitor at all, but I'm sad to see it go and be turned into yet another swanky bar.  Don't get me wrong, the refurb is nice, the bar is now down one side, there's a central spine of banquet fixed seating (that look like they are rather cleverly floating in mid air) and banquet seating around the perimeter.  The old Bank's ornate tiled walls have been taken to the raw stone wall.  I'm glad to see they've not got rid of the tiles entirely and some remain on the walk down the stairs to the toilets.  Some evenings they have entertainment:  Mondays is quiz night. Tuesdays - (whisky) flight night. Wednesdays - Steak and Schooner night. Thursdays - Jam Lock in.  Fridays - Keeping it local (local band playing). Saturdays - Saturday Session (cover bands).  Sundays - Roast.  A busy schedule!  Prices are what you'd expect from a tourist/centre of town bar.  Yeah, it's ok, but it's not got me rushing back for more.
1	Sat in the restaurant for 30 minutes without anyone approaching us. My fiance and I were both very hungry and I wanted a cold drink, but no sort of service ever came. We did get at least 5 dirty looks from the wait staff, so if you want to sit for a half hour with nothing but dirty looks from the staff, this is the place for you. Did get to watch football, but the service is a joke. I would avoid at all costs if at all possible.
5	What a lovely place to stop by, have a drink, a slice of delicious chocolate cake and a cup of good quality coffee. The location is ideal for anyone heading down the high street and the decor is clean and comfortable. I will be back here again when I am around and looking to avoid most of the tourists.
5	I jumped in here to get out of the rain and it was a really good find. Set in an old building, with windows on every side, this place really does feel like a box which I really like. They have some really nice Pale ale, I really enjoyed one called Bitter & Twisted. Very friendly staff.
