4	Scottsdale Plaza HotelEverytime I hear the Plaza I think of the charming kids books Elouise at the Plaza. Unfortunatley this hotel, although nice, is not like the Plaza in New York. It's pretty much like most resorts in the area as well as in Phoenix. I used to play Tennis here from time to time and they have very nice grounds as well as suites. It's located on Scottsdale Rd with a whole bunch of hotels  one after another, and it doesn't really stand out. I might try it again if I got a really good deal, but other than that I would rather stay somewhere else.
4	I stayed here for 8 nights and I have no complaints.  Thats big for me!!!  I booked using Priceline ($89 a night for a 4 star)- I had never heard of this place before and was a little disappointed that I didnt get a well known hotel.  But I was pleasantly surprised upon arrival.  This place is huge.  Multiple pools, a few restaurants and bars. Tennis Courts. Spa. Great Room Service!!!  Top Notch Housekeeping.  Very Quite.  Great Place Highly Recommend!!!
3	I didn't use very many amenities here as all we needed was a decent place to stay while we were attending a convention in town.  With that said, after traveling for work for a while, it's finally hit me as to why I prefer some hotels over others.The hotel room was pretty bare bones with an old dark bathroom.  I asked if they could bring a mini-fridge but there was a charge for that, which is something I'm not really used to.  Their business center also required us to call security to let us in and out.  That was just plain silly.Regardless, it's still a clean and convenient hotel.  The service was also considerate.
3	Stayed here for two nights for a business conference. A clean, bright, sharp-looking 40 acre property with all the basic amenities, and an on-site spa that my colleagues raved about. The meeting/banquet catering was good, but conventional.The size of the property means some people have to walk a lot further to get to the lobby or conference room than others, which may be tricky depending on the weather.My room was ground level, facing the parking lot, at the end of the building, meaning more noise than usual from people, cars, and stairs. But not unbearable. The bathroom was large with an open shower. Neat and tidy, but as you might expect, rigged with snacks and refreshments with price tags attached.Convenient to some dining and shopping, but for the few excursions I took, it helped a lot to have a car. On the taxi front, be sure you get a metered cab, and not the variety that'll charge you a big flat fee no matter how far you're going.
5	I can't say much about their spa, but I can say the service must have improved since everyone else has gone here because I just got back and I had an amazing time. They gave us a golf cart ride down the road to Ruth's Chris, the have beautiful weddings, and they are sending my laptop charger back to me. The one thing I can say is either they are a little slow or I am getting craftier because I was not thrown out of the wedding but the guy sitting next to me was.Not a fan of Arizona, but the Plaza gets a thumbs up.
5	I love this place.  Shauna at the front desk was very nice.  thanks for the free toothpaste.  The pools and hot tubs ate open 24 hours.  The valet and bellman were great.Very clean.  I have stayed here several times over the last 15 years and always enjoy the stay.  I got it for $60 a nighrt on priceline.  I have paid $129-$199 before so you can imagine how excited when Priceline placed me there. The people that are upset about getting this place for $50 should go pay the same OR MORE at A Motel 6.
2	I asked for a remodeled room. It was decent, but definitely not modern. The room had a slight mildewy smell, the kind you'd expect from a swamp cooler (remember those?).Speaking of a swamp cooler, the AC was the worst part. It is one of those older kinds connected to the wall underneath the window as you walk in the door. Hopefully you are a hard sleeper because it turns on and off every couple of minutes. I'm not kidding. I wanted to rip ours off the wall! They will charge for everything you use in the room, so be watchful of the price tags. Good news though, you can buy a 2oz bottle of sunscreen for $20. *rolling of the eyes*The tv is decades old! No flat screen and nothing over 25". At least 3 channels were dedicated to footage of their own hotel.Great location in Scottsdale, good price from Priceline ($70), but far from a resort. It is comparable to a Motel 6 (I'm guessing, since I haven't stayed in one in forever.) Priceline really needs to change the rating system; it is not a 4 star hotel.
3	got it for 50 bucks a night on priceline.  it is what it is.  the locaiton is fab.  the pools look shady.  like you can imagine urine in there.  so we stayed out.  the parking lot was scary quiet.  our last night had about 3 cars in the entire lot.  but i could hear air conditioners going on all over the place.  the front desk was awesome.  not spot on like the ritz or phoenician but ok.  the room looked like a motel.  small.  internet isnt free.  watch out for some items that look free.  priceliness took care of the resort fee so that was nice.  would i stay here again?  i stayed at a hyatt down the street and would probably go down there.  it was nice but closer to motel 6.
2	As I was walking through this place I thought it was a throw back to the late 80's / early 90's. Then I came across a plaque in the lobby that said the San Francisco Giants stayed there for spring training in 1987 or something. Makes complete sense. I imagine this would have been the place to be then because it does not look like much has changed. This is not a resort or modern in the way you are thinking. The room I had was small, and it had an old school air conditioner similar to a window a/c. No resort should have that kind of a/c. If you pay more then $55 you will be disappointed. They say they are a 4-star hotel but this place is really a 2.5 star hotel (and not I'm not saying my Yelp score is a 2.5, this place is a 2 when it comes to Yelp). With that said, staff was friendly and helpful, with the exception to housekeeping after they knocked on my door while it had a do not disturb sign.*Tip: If you need to take a taxi the hotel has a contract with a luxury car company that rips you off. These luxury cars don't even have a meter in them so the driver just charges random high prices. The bell boys aren't allowed to tell you this, so if you say you want a taxi this is the crap they give you. If you ask for them to call for a real taxi they are more then happy to get it for you, but you'll be waiting for 20 minutes on a busy night. Also, you'll need a taxi unless you have a DD because the hotel is not near downtown.
3	Public areas were nice and spacious. Pools were sparkling but it was too hot to use the pool (113). Rooms were large. However the air conditioning unit was loud and blew so hard that the curtain was constantly flying. ProsThe staff was friendly and accommodating. JD's had good food and not just limited to fried bar food.  ConsHaving to drive past their laundry facility and trash area to get to the rooms. Their breakfast buffet was really limited but our server was so much fun we didn't care.
4	I got a Priceline room rate at $45 and stayed 3 nights. The room was comfy for 1 and well appointed. I had everything I needed and the choice of pools. If the pool had people at it I just went to the next one until I found a vacancy and had the place to myself. Very relaxing.
5	A favorite place for more than a decade. Very consistent and an attentive staff that has been there for years and years.
3	We stayed here for a week for business/pleasure. The pools were very nice, well-kept, and clean. Staff was professional and friendly. There was hardly any one there so in a sense we had the place to ourselves. We bid 75 on priceline and got the standard studio but upgraded (for 20/night) when we saw how small and dark the studio was. The rooms themselves were clean but needed serious remodeling: you have to connect your lap top using the old S-video to the old tv set if you want to watch a DVD, the showers leaked, the lighting is outdated, and we had to call maintenance to replace the washer on our facet. Overall, I think we overpaid a bit, but not by much. It was a nice stay but  wouldn't stay here again unless it was 75/night for the suite.
5	My company recently had a holiday party held in Scottsdale, AZ. Almost half of the company is located in Irvine, CA so we were flown out to AZ and got room and board at Scottsdale Plaza. I don't know anything in terms of how much everything was - shuttle to/from airport, room rates or internet fees, etc. - because it was an all expense paid trip. I do know however, Scottsdale Plaza was impeccable. I don't throw this word around lightly, especially when it comes to the Hospitality industry because I worked all 4 years of college at hotels and know the ins-and-outs of this industry. Scottsdale Plaza was remarkable. The service triumphs all other aspects of the criteria for giving this place a 5 star. Everything was quick, concise, accurate and painless. We forgot a few toiletries items but it was complimentary and delivered to the room. Everything is spaced far apart but they do have carts constantly driving around, asking guests if they need a ride.My favorite was the holiday decor of the Plaza. They really went all out, putting up detailed Christmas trees almost in every corner of the main Lobby, as well as restaurants and bars. Also, eat at JD's. The food is better than your average bar food but the Sunset Wheat is the winning choice. $4 for a schooner! Great price for a good tasting beer.
5	We stayed here during our first visit to Arizona. It was a great place, very spacious, though a little dated. It was so big and spaced out with all the amenities that the resort have workers constantly driving around in golf carts to shuttle guests back and forth from their rooms. The staff was friendly and extremely helpful. They were always there to lend a hand. They have an efficient shuttle service to/from the airport. Staff was also very accommodating when it came to requesting a later check-out time. Check-out is at noon but when we requested a later check-out, we were granted 1:30pm without any extra charges or fees. The holiday decoration here was lovely. Put me right in the Christmas spirit.
3	The company scheduled its next two regional meetings at this resort.  I say resort because it's in the name of the establishment.  As a resort, it's not very special.  As a lodge for corporate meetings the Scottsdale Plaza Resort is a good place to meet.We had over 100 participants in our two-day meeting and the entire event was a success because of the service and professionalism of the staff.  The meeting rooms were well-suited for our needs and everything--from the group meals to the between session snacks to the late night drinks--was first class.  All of the support--audio visual, room service, concerge--we recevied enabled us to put our best foot forward and promote our company without any distractions.Because of the unexpected, record-breaking cold snap, we were unable to enjoy the grounds and pools of the facility.  I'd like to come back when it's warmer and enjoy the great outdoors Scottsdale has to offer.  We did spend a few hours in the exercise room.  There are weight machines, dumbells, treadmills, ellipticals, stationary bikes, a rowing machine and other equipment in what used to be two racquetball courts.  Despite having a sizable group of people using the facility, I never had a wait.Our room for three nights was a bi-level villa.  We entertained several of the corporate dignitaries in the spacious living area down below.  There were two, well-appointed bathrooms--one upstairs and one down.  With the freezing temperatures outside, the fireplace in the room kept us warm and comfortable.  The one disappointment was the lack of an mp3 player in the room.  While I was entertaining, it would've been nice to have had my iPod creating the mood.We did have two problems during our stay.  Our first room was a bilivel with two full-size beds upstairs and a noisy family with young children next store.  To avoid sleeping in separate beds, my spouse and I moved to a bilevel King the next day.  One big bed with a little peace and quiet diverted what could have been a scathing yelp review.  Finally, for some reason, we were locked out of the wifi server at the hotel.  We spent an hour with AT&T in an attempt to resolve the problem before giving up in frustration.  The next day, we had no problem logging in to the wifi.  For a yet-to-be-discovered reason, the server at the hotel would not allow us to log on that night and the IT staff were long gone.If I had to pay the price for this "resort" I might have been disappointed.  But on the company's nickle for the company's purpose,  it's adequate.  I've experienced much worse--but I've also experienced much better.
3	A company paid trip where 60+ of us were staying here.  Beautiful grounds, 40+ acres according to staff.  Here's the highlights:Excellent customer service from all staff members!  Always a smile, friendly, and willing to help!  Beautiful area!  Go walking if the weather permits, and explore some of the gorgeous houses in the neighborhood while you walk up towards the mountain!  No sidewalk, so keep an ear out for traffic coming up behind you!Rooms and equipment are outdated... older looking beds and sofas, workout room is functional for all intensive purposes but equipment (bikes/treadmills) are outdated, particularly the TVs.  I decided to go with room service one night as I was preparing for my presentation the next day, and the food came quickly and was excellent.  Price is pretty much what you expect for room service (especially when the tack on the service / delivery charge.)Overall, a nice place to stay but a little pricey for the outdated rooms/furniture.  I was not able to take advantage of the resort aspects since I was here on business, but would potentially come again for vacation due to excellent customer service.
4	Came with hubby for a romantic weekend getaway and had a great time. Nice grounds, large pool- good for laying out with a margarita in your hand.  Friendly helpful staff, relaxing vibe. The room itself was old fashioned, and could use a little updating, but not a big deal and the rooms are good size.  I'd love to come back again. There are also a lot of restaurants nearby.
3	I stayed here this past weekend on my first trip to Arizona. This hotel, from the outside is absolutely beautiful. It has several pools (one has a volleyball net in it), hot tub, sauna, beach towels at the pool, cold water and cups at the pool (at least at the one I went too). They also have tennis courts, racquetball, a putting green, a salon/spa, restaurant, bar, etc. The pool experience was amazing. The restaurant experience was....ehhhh...not so much! I woke up in the morning and since my other traveling partner was gone, I decided to have some breakfast. I walked in the restaurant and was the only one there. The good: the service was prompt. The bad: my water had a bug in it and AFTER I ate my omelet, I found a hair underneath it. Gross. The rooms were large and had a nice TV, a mini bar, etc. The things they need to update: The beds: they felt like cheap motel beds. Cheap sheets, cheap blanket, and very hard mattresses. The bathroom: The toilet, at least in room 626, is lopsided and leans to the left...weird. The air conditioner: It is a standard hotel A/C unit that you can control yourself and is located near the window. The problem with this unit in particular is that no matter what number you had the temperature set to and no matter whether you had it on low or high, the unit turns on and off every 2 to 3 minutes. The daytime aspect of this hotel is amazing. I love the premises and being able to walk around and experience the rabbits that are everywhere and all that the hotel has to offer, but the sleeping part wasn't great! Would I stay here again? I would, if I got a great priceline deal. But.......I would bring my own blankets.
2	Mr C and I stayed this last weekend for a little staycation and to take advantage of their summer special. The website makes this place look really great.  That was the best part unfortunatly. We checked in, and the place was EMPTY. We go to our room, and its got 2 beds so I call front desk to see if a king room is available. Note, the double room was nice, though dated but very roomy even having a little wet bar area, though no patio of any kind, we were facing the tennis courts. Front desk says, yes, they can move us to a king room, or we can upgrade to a suite for $30 more. No thanks, just a king room.  Our new room, now faces the parking lot and is tiny, and even more dated than the 1st room. Whatever..  Hubby and I are ready to hit the pool, have a little lunch and enjoy the day. We get to the pool... empty.  Boring. No service and no people.  We make the best of the afternoon then go to Remingtons for Dinner. Ill review it next.  Overall.... this place wasnt worth the staycation or the money spent.  If you are looking for a staycation, this is not the place.
1	Was given this location via Priceline. Stayed here for 2 nights, and my room wasn't even serviced ONCE. If you look at my other reviews, I tend to review places only when they really impress me...and when things are average/bad...I don't usually throw stones...but in this case...I went to complain saying- you didn't clean my room...and you charge a $17.00 a day resort fee...can you at least take off the resort fee? They referred me to a very polite manager who did everything to try and smooth the situation over EXCEPT take off the resort fee. "Oh, we will take care of you the next time you're here"- how do I even KNOW this place will be in business the next time I come to Phoenix for work(once a year). Given the way they do business, they won't.Was not satisfied in one way shape or form. Especially when you compare it to the review I'm writing next for the place in Tucscon I stayed the next night- far better. Oh- and what I found LAUGHABLE...they can't service my room in 2 days time frame...and there was maybe 20 cars in the lot...place was EMPTY. 20-30% capacity at most, I was the ONLY one in the pool. So the excuse that you're too busy- you can take that and sell it to someone else.
1	Very spacious area and quiet . That's the positive. For the price and because it is classified as a " resort" I expected a whole lot more for what I paid. $17 a day resort fee does not include wifi . When I asked what was included in resort fee answer was " parking , pool, and fitness center " . The actual room it self was dated and felt dingy. A holiday inn would  have probably been nicer . Save your money and stay at the Marriott up the street .
5	I stayed at this resort last week for a business trip! Everything about this resort was first class! The staff was very friendly, the room service was excellent, and the grounds were breath taking!!!!!
4	I enjoyed my stay at the hotel.  I got a room on the inside courtyard near the pool and the spa.  It's a nice place privately owned by someone who cares about the property since it's kept in great condition (from the grounds, to the parking and the rooms).  almost all the staff was nice but found the nighttime front desk people a bit rude but the daytime people and valets are super nice!  Helpful, courteous and went out of their way to answer questions.I recommend staying here since they have a steak place across the lot that is part of the complex as well as other restaurants at the mall on the other side of the street.
4	You get a lot for your money. I landed here via priceline's bidding system and managed to get away with $50 per night with no resort fees. This was for a large room on the second floor way in the back of the complex - they also have little casitas which I assume cost considerably more. SPR's property is over 40 acres with tons of amenities like spas, pools, tennis courts, gym, restaurants, bars, etc... Their airport shuttle was happy to give me a free ride to old town. Excellent staff all around.
4	Yet another priceline find.  I got a double room for $50/night and surprisingly, was NOT charged the resort fee.  The front staff is friendly and efficient, the grounds are nicely maintained, and the location is great.  My room was neat and clean, which is really all I care about.  The decor is definitely outdated, but not offensively so (i.e., no garish flower prints or tacky Southwest knickknacks).  I was pleasantly surprised by the almost-new cardio machines in the fitness room!  (The fancy modern cardio machines generally let you enter in your weight for a more "honest" calorie burn.  These machines didn't, but I still got a decent workout.)  The fitness room features a few wall-mounted tv's, a separate weight area, his and her changerooms with a shower, and a staff person to answer any questions about the machines/resort/etc.I like this area and I come to PHX/Scottsdale often enough that I would consider staying here again.
2	Like other reviewers, I was extremely disappointed that wi-fi was not included in the standard room price or the $17 / night resort fee - I ended up walking across the street every morning to get a latte at Starbucks and utilized their free wi-fi service.While the room decor was outdated, it was not obnoxious and the grounds were extremely well maintained and the staff was mostly hospitable; I say mostly because of an encounter with one of their top security officers named Joe. My beau and I were walking to Starbucks (our standard routine each morning) and on our third or fourth morning we passed Joe who asked us in a sharp tone if we had a leash for my dog and if we could put it on her. While this seems like a reasonable request I admit I was offended and here is why: my dog is a 14 year old heavyset chihuahua service dog who obeys verbal commands. It was also before 7:00 in the morning and he was the only person we passed that morning, on average, we passed only one other person on the grounds each morning; the resort was only at 15% occupancy. While the resort has rules and the city has a leash law, there are always exceptions - always. While walking the dog on a city street outside of the resort, a police officer passed us and did not stop to tell us to leash the dog - likely because the officer was able to assess that the dog was harmless. During our six night stay at the resort, Joe was the only one who disapproved of our unleashed dog, no other staff minded. Sure, it may be Joe's job to enforce the resort rules, but then Joe should also follow the 10 mph speed limit posted for the grounds, which he did not.One last thing, after speaking with some of the staff, I had the impression that the resort may not have the best employment practices - this bothers me the most. While I cannot confirm the accuracy of the statements made to me and my beau, I would likely think twice before going back to this resort for this reason alone.
4	My fiance and I stayed here two nights over President's Day weekend. We found a room for $78 dollars a night, plus tax and resort fee. Being a holiday weekend, there were many basic hotels in questionable areas charging much more. The grounds are lovely and there are multiple pools, hot tubs and even saunas on the premises. There was a Starbucks across the street so we could walk across in the morning and get coffee. Our room had two queen size beds and was quite large. It was in the court yard near the main pool, but you wouldn't have known because it was peaceful and quiet.  The place was much nicer than what we expected to find (booked it online through Travelocity). The valet guys were all very helpful if asking them directions. We would definitely stay here again, being that it's so affordable.
1	Wow, I was.expecting a 4-star resort, but that's what I get for reading reviews on priceline and not yelp.  While the staff was mostly great, the room was not.  Over powering smell of air freshener - seriously like being in a laundromat in Mexico.  You know that detergent smell?  That was our room.  And they couldn't move us from it because supposedly they were booked.  Seriously, every room?  Even leaving the window open for six hours didn't help.  I have no idea what an asthmatic would do.  I suspect it's because we booked via Priceline.  For the money, Gainey Ranch would be a way better bet and you won't need eye drops or to wash your clothes when you leave.
2	I had some really high expectations as to what this place was going to be like. The grounds were beautiful, and they have all the amenities you could ask for, however I later came to find out that there are many different room types at this facility. I was the lucky one to get the 1970's love sweet with the glass on the main wall to give the appearance of a larger room than it really was. They also had the really tacky in room bar that was from the you guessed it the 70's. I really had no choice as to which room I got, as it was done via a conference I was attending so I am sure the crappy rooms were given out first and then as more people were signing up more and more of the better rooms needed to be used. That will teach me to sign up early for a conference!The restaurants and grounds as well as the meetings rooms are what kept this place for me from getting a one star. Would I stay here again, only if someone else was paying for it. I think with some renovation, this place could be a great stop as there are many great golf courses around the area, but until that time happens, you may want to look elsewhere.
2	Very beige.I didn't expect much due to the previous reviews.  Check-in was a tad cold, not very welcoming.  Front desk clerk pointed me toward the bellman to direct me to my room, which was at the back of the property no where near the lobby...she could have at least circled it on the paper map.  Room- beige, and definitely could use a renovation b/c it's quite dated and tired.  One wall was mirrored, bathroom fixtures were gold.  Air conditioner and the bathroom vent were so loud, they sounded like an airplane was flying through the room when on.  Parking is limited...there are large storage containers blocking lots of spaces.  Thinly insulated...I could hear people walking by and talking and doors slamming.  Location is pretty good, right on Scottsdale Rd, about 10-15 minutes from Old Town Scottsdale.  I would say this is a 2-3 star place, and not any more.  Biggest gripe- it's the 21st century...Offer free wi-fi, (at least in the common areas).
3	I got a room on priceline, and after reading the reviews here I was a bit worried. In Scottsdale for an interview, I hoped to have a bit of mini vacation and brought the family. Rolling up to the check in, several valets greeted us enthusiastically until they realized it was more like the Clampetts arriving in Beverly Hills. Baby screaming, husband gets out in tee shirt and flip flops, bags falling out of the car as we open the doors. Ahem, those bellboys and valets cleared out fast. at checkin, my husband told them he did not want to pay a resort fee, but was told it was part of whatever price we paid online. So that made me happy.Our room smelled musty but aired out acceptably.yes, it needs updating, but it wasn't too bad.  The two beds were more of a full size, and four adults would not have slept comfortably, but two adults and two kids did fine. The front desk was accomodating and sent up extra blankets and a TV repair guy quickly when called for. As Rose L mentioned, they charged for wifi, which is pretty unwelcome. I saw it as a challenge to not check my email for a day. No big deal. You can always go across the street to the train park, which offers a wifi hotspot for free. The refrigerators are locked for safety, I think, but you just need to ask for a key at check in and they will provide. The overpriced sdas and candy bars are just silly, but if all the rooms are going for what I paid on priceline, I can see they'd need to mKe money somwhete to pay for the army of gardeners to keep the grounds so nicely tended.We walked around the grounds at evening, and it really was very nice, with rabbits on the lawns and Lots of very beautifully landscaped grounds.My only real beef with this place is that the pool area was having a private party. The staff had staked out the children's wading pool as " reserved" and would not allow anyone to go in it. The party looked like a class reunion, and no one went anywhere near the wading pool the entire time we were there. Why would a group of 30 something people at a party want to go in a 3' deep wading pool anyway? I thought it was petty to not allow my child access to the pool just so they could put a rope around it and feel special.
3	Priceline had this resort as 4 star but it looks and  feels like 3.The employees are nice, though. WiFi 13$/24hrs.Grounds are nice.
4	I booked this resort through Priceline like so many other reviewers. I had seen this resort from Scottsdale road many times and always thought I would like to stay there sometime. Now I am so glad I finally got the chance. We stayed for 2 nights over memorial day weekend. Upon check in I was asked if I would like to up grade to a king suite for $20 more a night. I said sounds good to me. I figured it couldn't hurt for as cheep as I got the room through Priceline. I cant say enough about how well we were treated at this resort. Some of the other reviews said that this resort didn't have a resort feel. In my experience nothing could be further from the truth. I was treated better here than I have been at many 5 star resorts that I have stayed at in the past. Our suite was part of a 4 plex of suites and while the decor was a little dated it was very plush and comfortable in every way from the couches to the king size bed. The bathroom was very clean as was the entire room. The ground around the entire resort were impeccable. There are either 4 or 5 pools through out the resort and the main pool has a small waterfall. The jacuzzi tubs were all very warm and in working order. We didn't order room service but I did browse through the menu and the prices were really reasonable. Everyone we met that worked at the resort was extremely friendly with the exception of one bartender at the poolside cabana bar. Overall I would have rated the entire experience with 5 stars the reason I gave it only 4 stars is because of our experience at the poolside cabana. On Saturday afternoon we walked down to the poolside bar area to have a drink and we sat at a table near the bar. We were ignored by the bartender for over 15 minutes while he talked to some young girl in a bikini who was already done getting her drinks. When we were finally acknowledged we asked him if he knew how to make a certain drink he quickly replied no what else do you want in a very rude manner. We each ordered some Orange drink that was on special and it was terrible. So I am taking a half star for that experience and a half star for the extremely high price of wi-fi. It would have cost nearly $13.00 a day so we decided to pass. Thank God for our smart phones. Overall we really loved our weekend at this resort and would definitely return  especially for the great price we got through Priceline although I never did get a chance to see a regular room and I wonder if our experience would have been as good if we hadn't upgraded to the suite.
2	Our family of four stayed at this "resort" this past Memorial Day weekend. We stayed in a 'villa' room, which was located all the way at the back of the property. The room was a decent size, but I was disappointed that the villa rooms didn't come with a sofabed, just a regular sofa. My two kids (ages 4 & 2) ended up just sleeping on some blankets on the floor. I wasn't gonna pay $15/nights for a rollaway bed, since we were there for 4 nights. I was also disappointed that they didn't provide a microwave and fridge. These are just some of the amenities I thought would be provided, I guess I should have asked prior. It's definitely an older property so don't expect too much.Our stay was good overall. The kids enjoyed the pools (they have like 4-5 pools). Service was good too, with the exception of one of the pool managers. Apparently, we are not allowed to bring food/drinks in the main pool area, because there's a Cafe Cabana that sells food. We brought some strawberries cuz (1) it's for the children and (2) they didn't offer strawberries on their menu. We were asked by an employee to bring it back to our room. Later on, a manager walked over and asked how we were enjoying our stay. I told him everything's been great, except we couldn't bring strawberries for our kids to eat. We even ordered well over $100 worth of food (we had a large group of friends), so it's not like the resort wasn't making any money on food. He replies, "Well go eat them in your room and come back out. It's a RESORT." Are you kidding me?! Is that really the most polite response you can come up with?! Would we stay here again? Probably not.
5	my family and i hosted my sister's graduation sendoff here and it was a great event!debbie in the events office as well as the staff she sent us to be of service throughout the event were wonderful.food was delicious - we ordered buffet style (chicken milanese, sirloin steak, appetizers, and beverages) for about 150 people. the tech staff was very helpful in setting up our equipment for a slide show as well as providing equipment for us to play our own music at the event.servers were polite and accomodating to any of the guests' requests.and the facility is beautiful.they even let me go super early in the morning being the type A personality i am to decorate myself and set things up.overall wonderful experience with this resort and its staff. would love to host another event here in the future.thanks, scottsdale plaza resort!
3	I went here over a two day period for seminars. Didn't stay in a room so I can't speak to that. The facilities are a little dated, but nice for sure. The wi-Fi is pay only for guests.
3	I cannot fault the hotel for putting us in a room that was next to a couple who had loud sex, followed by loud, catty, annoying conversations (maybe they were breaking up).  I can however fault them for being really weird about wanting their room service tray back about an hour after we had food.  They came knocking on the door for it.  Maybe we were still eating those onion rings.  Or maybe I didn't feel like putting pants on.  Doesn't matter, go away!  The hilarious thing was that  we left they tray out later that evening, and it was still there in the morning.  And by morning, I mean about 11am.  Other than that, the place was clean, staff for the most part was friendly (if not overly inquisitive), and had pretty nice grounds.
1	Resort??? I don't think so. We spent over an hour getting moved from one room to the next, trying to find a halfway decent place to sleep. 1st room: Strong mildew smell2nd room: Cigarette Smell (later found out the building used to be a smoking building)3rd room: Toilet was broken and made intermittent sounds4th room: Lighter mildew smellWe were so tired by the 4th room that we gave up moving rooms and just decided to call it a night. Each time, they sent someone out with a new key (a 15+ minute process). Then we'd drive to the new room, only to find the next problem and start the wait all over again.The rooms feel more like a motel than anything else. They have those old-fashioned, motel-style AC units that are ridiculously loud. Don't pay more than $40 for a night in this "resort".
4	My daughter held her wedding here and we couldn't have been more pleased!   The gazebo and the surrounding area looked great.....the garden patio where we had dinner was decorated beautifully with plants, flowers and white lights.... the staff was extremely accommodating...and the food was wonderful!Debbie, the event coordinator, was fabulous!  It  was her guidance and suggestions that truly made this a memorable evening for us all.
3	Had breakfast, it was good. Stayed in my room till night to swim. And when down town for a bit to eat. This is alright. Staff are good.
3	This spacious resort is layed out well.... yet the decor is stuck in the early 80's.  So much so I anticipated Bea Authur and the Gals to show up at my room.The wifi was... well... it was spotty.  Not too good.  JD Bar??... also stuck in the late 80's... Will I stay again?  Surrrre.... it's an okay venue that needs major updating.
4	What an absolutely beautiful setting!My wife's company used this resort for their Holiday party this year. We arrived at the party a little bit late, so the sun had long since gone down by the time we got there. I'm actually really glad we were late, because when we arrived, the trunk of every palm tree on the  pathway leading to the front entrance was completely lit up with white lights. Simply stunning!We quickly made our way inside, as it was a tad chilly, and we were very hungry. For this event, we ate dinner on a beautiful patio area in front of a massive fireplace. There were heaters strewn about to help take that little nip out of the air. On either side of the fireplace, there were beautiful ivy-covered walls, all decorated with more beautiful lights. Finally, stringing from the third floor balcony to the top of the fireplace, there was a beautiful canopy of lights. All in all, the scene was absolutely beautiful!The resort also played the part of chef du jour for this event. They set up a beautiful buffet to accommodate the more than 1000 employees and their family members. They had fresh fruits and vegetables available to add to your salads. They made a delicious roast beef. They also provided delicious dumplings. There was definitely more food available, and it looked fantastic...but, everything in moderation, right?The "everything in moderation" rule applied to dinner...but it absolutely did NOT apply to dessert! Even though it was cold outside, we still opted to get ice cream. The reasoning behind that, is that we were able to offset the ice cream with our choice of three different piping hot cobblers!  Don't judge...it's the Holidays!After dinner, we were able to check out the different ballrooms which had been converted to accommodate photo booths, dance floors, dj's, bars, etc. From the looks of it, this place has enormous potential for big parties. Perhaps we'll have to come back for a more personalized experience sometime in the future. Staycation, anybody?
4	This resort is beautiful - plenty of trees and greens everywhere to make it feel like you're somewhat out of a desert setting. Rooms are much more spacious than you'd expect - a lack of toiletries in the bathroom but I always bring my own anyway.Five stars for the fabulous mini-bar in the room and very friendly staff. I'd definitely stay here again. Priceline offers this as a great deal if you bid your own price - we nabbed it at $60 a night after having a terrible experience at a different "resort" in Scottsdale.
2	Nickled and dimed. That sums up this resort. I'd give them only one star, but the service was good (with the exception of the bartender below), and the people who work there were friendly.My room rate was $169, tax on that was $23.95 (15% is high, but I don't vote in Arizona, and it's easy to soak people who don't live there. So, while that's high, and would make me less likely to go to Arizona if I wasn't on business, the tax is not in the hotel's control).Let's move on then:We then have a $17 per day resort feea $8 portage chargea $2 per day maid gratuitya $12.95 per day internet charge, anda $2.54 tax on the internet use.So, my $169 per night room rate balooned to over $244 per night when all the above were added in.When you read the fine print on the $17 resort fee, that's supposed to cover carrying one's bags. So, why another $8 "porterage charge"? And, while I always tip housekeeping, I hate to be told to do so, and does the maid get to keep ALL of the $2 per day?Moving on:I ordered a beer in the bar. Happy hour price was $3.30 including tax. I gave the bartender (NJ name plate) $5. He then moved on to take another couple's drink order, and brought their drinks back. I was still standing by the bar. He looked at me, like, yes? I said, change? he acted, like oh yeah, I forgot. Sure. No tip for you.The rooms themselves are OK. Spacious enough. Beds could use some updating, and the HVAC system is very noisy (light sleepers will want earplugs).And, for $12.95 per day, you should expect the internet to work. Not. Very spotty in places.I HATE these kind of places. The more these places get ratted out the better. If I have a business meeting at a place like this again, I'd find another hotel nearby and drive to the meeting. The Hilton Garden Inn and Holiday Inn Express are much better, have free internet, and at least at the Hilton's I've stayed in, the breakfasts are pretty good too.
2	This place is very pretty and spacious, but a complete rip-off. Mattresses on both beds were worn out years ago. The place nickels and dimes its customers: room rate, resort fee, portage fee (I never used a porter), maid fee, wifi fee, tennis court rental fee, fitness class fee... A $169 conference rate turned into $222 per night with taxes and fees!!!! Ridiculous and false advertising. I would NEVER choose this place if I had a choice.
3	No personality, fine for one night. Likely about a 3 star hotel, but that's a push. One night was fine but more than that go somewhere else.
2	Terrible hotel. The room was maybe as good as a 2star hotel, we could hear the couple next door doing their thing through the night loud and clear, the only dish I ate here (a tossed green salad) made me fall sick, the service at the poolside was terrible. In short, everything we tried our hand at at this hotel sucked, and I'm racking my brain for something nice to say but can/t think of anything. I'd NEVER recommend it to anybody.
3	I loved my suite, but there were some aspects that were off putting.- They charge a $2 a day house keeping fee even if you decline service- They charge an $8 porter charge- They have no clue what vegetarian is- Suites do not come with any kitchen utensils or kitchen ware- The sound system in the rooms only play radioThe suite was exquisite, but it seemed to stop short.  For having a bedroom, jacuzzi tub, bidet, two bathrooms, bar, kitchen, dinning room, living room, fireplace and several patios, I wouldn't have expected some of these short cuts.  The resort is beautiful and the staff is great.  In particular their tech department bent over backwards to fix and issue with my VPN.  As for the vegetarian point above.  We had excellent meals all week.  There were vegetarian items at all of the meals but one.  None the less, they made me a special plate each day.  My meal the first day was steamed cabbage and green beans.  The second day it was broccoli.  By the third day, I asked them to stop.  The buffet was fine.  Being a vegetarian doesn't mean that you only eat bland vegetables.  It means you don't eat meat.  As a human being you still need a balanced diet of proteins, carbs, etc.  Unfortunately, it was comical how far off they were in this area.
4	Nice clean hotel with good amenities.  they even drive you to your room on a little cart.  the pool is awesome and their hot tub is practically the size of the pool.  24 access to pool and workout room.  totally great.  The best part about the place is that you can see wild rabbits hopping around all the time.  downside- you have to pay for wifi every 24 hours.  wish it was included.
2	Grounds are lovely. Pools are nice. Food was decent. Room was, like some have said: meh ! Mini bar is great, the rest of the room as oldish and sad. But the bed was fine. That's what really matters. What happened to us was weird though.... I am surprised and so I'm posting: during the evening while they were watering, I slipped  on the wet sidewalk and slammed my head. Got a concussion. I called the desk to ask about medical help and they were nice enough to call a physician which I paid for. They sent security to that night before the Doc (from outside service) arrived. So the doctor stitched up my lacerations and treated me etc. However, I have to say I was pretty surprised that the hotel never checked back with me. Never seemed interested if I made it through the night ! The outside doctor called me twice the next day -- Just wondering about my progress. The hotel wasn't interested.  So, it's not terribly important, but it's not your warm and friendly place, that's for sure.
5	I have stayed at many hotels in Scottsdale in recent years and Scottsdale Plaza rates only second to one. I have made more than fifty trips and like to stay at a variety of nice hotels. Scottsdale Plaza Resort is ALWAYS beautifully maintained and immaculate. The staff could not be nicer or more helpful. The service is top notch! There are a some in the Scottsdale area that are more opulent but the service and staff attitude always direct me back to the Scottsdale Plaza Resort.
3	We had a room reserved with an event group over 3 months in advance, the hotel had overbooked by 50 rooms and there were no rooms available for many of us. We were housed at another hotel .8 mile away that was not close to the quality that we expected. We were comped for the two nights. On the third day we were finally given a room just after 4:00pm. I experienced a rude front desk person, late maid service (almost 4:30 on Saturday), slow WiFi and items we had to call for. That being said, it is a very clean a well maintained property and the suites are very nicely sized. It was a step down from last year because of the front desk rudeness, minor issues and the fact that we were bumped for the two days..
3	This place could be cool if updated and given more customer service, but not.  There was not even a microwave on the premises fro guests.  Staff in the daytime was young, friendly and professional.
3	I was expecting so much more. Was onsite for 3 nights at a seminar. Here it is in lovely Scottsdale & it's disappointing. The local Homewood suites was less, free wifi and breakfast plus just nicer.The employees need a refresher course on customer service. The airport van driver was wonderful. To bad we only met him as leaving. A wonderful older man from Israel and gave us a tour on way to airport. Property is Ok but not plush. It has no pop or personality. Pool was nice but empty. It's ok for a seminar but no bling or fun.
1	I wouldn't put any star if I could! This has to be THE WORSE HOTEL EVER! Please take my review into consideration if your planning on booking a stay here because it would be in YOUR BEST INTEREST NOT TO DO SO! The minute we got into our room there were BED BUGS SCATTERED ALL OVER THE PILLOWS AND MATTRESS! BED BUGS BED BUGS! BEYOND DISGUSTING! BEYOND UNSANITARY! INSTANTLY my family and I left and notified our neighbors because the hotel obviously doesn't take responsibility in making sure this problem doesn't happen.  It's interesting that who ever approved our room "ready for check in" didn't see the BED BUGS! Once reported, some guy who works for the hotel tells us "there's different types of BED BUGS" - like if it MATTERS!  A BED BUG, is a BED BUG, regardless! At the same time, he lifted up the mattress and dropped it extremely fast because we all saw a HUGE blog of them piled on top of each other!  WE INSTANTLY RAN OUT THE ROOM IN DISGUST! Soon after they tried offering us the master suite instead.  I COULDN'T BELIEVE THEY ACTUALLY THOUGHT WE WERE GOING TO CONTINUE OUR STAY HERE!! Supposedly, the manager wasn't on site so we couldn't get our refund back, so they paid for us to stay at another hotel.  So not only has my mini get away to AZ been horrible, not as horrible as this places customer service, BUT has also PUT ME WAY OUT OF MY WAY AND BROUGHT SO MUCH INCONVENIENCE! So soon after I post this review my family and I are on our way to the hotel to speak to a manager a get more than just a refund! This PLACE HAS RUINED MY WHOLE WEEKEND! DONT STAY HERE! BED BUGS! I feel bad for the wedding reception happening there this weekend too because the newly wed couple will be bit all up as they head to their honeymoon. WORST STAY EVER! Will be posting up a follow up review on how satisfied I am on how they handle this situation!  Already they are doing a horrible job because as we waited for for them to tell us no manager was on site, they were still allowing people to check in!  THEY DIDNT EVEN NOTIFY THEM OF THE BED BUG INFESTATION!  They don't take responsibility for anything! WORSE EXPERIENCE! HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE! The staff seems to be just as much as a pest!
3	The rooms are like apartment suites. The Pool is great. The AC is kicking and plenty parking in front of the pad. Some units are 2 story. The Staff was nice and if you look hard enough can get a great rate. Room service food is good as well.
2	I would have given 3 stars except the fact that their Internet service was so slow I couldn't even open my email account while staying here for work. When I called to check on it they said there was nothing they could do. What? It's 2013. Not 1983. I would never stay here again. We thankfully got our rates on Priceline but I would never pay over 70 dollars a night for this place. And if you need Internet so you can do you work don't stay here at all.
4	I reserved a block of rooms here as an option for my out of town wedding guests to stay here, and I actually stayed here for the first part of my trip to AZ as well. I was pleasantly surprised upon my arrival. The rooms were MUCH bigger than I had been expecting (coming from the SF bay area where you can pay $350 for a shoebox). A little dark, and no thrills, but there is a LOT of space (YOU CAN DO SO MANY ACTIVITIES).The grounds are beautiful! We even opted to do some 'first look' photos with our wedding photographer here because the grounds were open, spacious, green, and manicured. There are tons of amenities on the grounds (or just a short walk away). The girls and I all had massages at the spa, and many people hung out by the pool. For dinner, we walked right across the street to Roka and had an awesome meal. (hotel is also walking distance to Wildflower Bread Co - similar to Panera for non-AZ folks-, Sbux, a dry cleaner, a nail salon, and Rumors Salon - great for a blow-out before dinner!- and a hand-full of others restaurants and small shops).  The proximity to everything is great, the grounds are pretty, and the rooms are big and clean--overall I would stay here again!
5	A stretch to Call this place new, but the grounds are breathtaking w/ the mountain views, and they do an excellent job up-keeping the property!  This is probably one of the biggest hot tubs in a resort I have ever dipped in.  The pools are relaxing and fun to spend time at.  The rooms are cozy and big. Southwest-inspired designed flair,  Well put together spot.  You don't ever need to leave, but incase you do they have outstanding eating choices just minutes away! *Weddings*conventions*Family Sometimes at night the second pool is a ghost town!
2	This is essentially a motel on a huge piece of property.  Carpet in the bathroom area, no fitted sheets on the bed, heat/ac wall units.  The walk from the lobby to the room requires a ride in a cart.  Left my iPhone charger in the room and of course it couldn't be located.  Below average service throughout.  The bar staff inside JD's bar are not attentive and the food is pretty bad.  If you're paying more than $100 per night, look elsewhere.  Staff was kind enough to locate my phone charger and has sent it to me!  Thank you.
4	I was interested to see what the Scottsdale Plaza resort would deliver based on the wide-ranging reviews.  Lots of love, lots of hate in the ones I read.  After staying 4 nights and attending 3 days worth of business meetings, I landed in a feel good place about the resort.The grounds are beautiful and well maintained and I found every staff person I interacted with to be very friendly and helpful.  The room I was in was their basic suite and it was a bit dated but clean with a comfortable bed and had two flat screen TVs.  The remote for the TV in the bedroom didn't work on arrival but the maintenance staff was there in three minutes to replace it with one that worked.  In terms of our meetings, the rooms were great, food and beverages were replenished on time and there was always a staff member available to help out.  Our whole team felt it was the best resort we've stayed at in Scottsdale over the past 3 visits.The only thing I would rate as less than 4 stars would be the quality of the food.  It was definitely A-OK but that's it.  If I had been stuck eating every meal at either JDs, the sports bar or Remingtons, the more upscale restaurant, it would have been disappointing in a good restaurant town like Scottsdale.  If you have to pick one though, go with JDs just because it's cheaper.I can see how some of the people who booked on Priceline after seeing it as a 4 Star resort may have been somewhat let down overall but, a lot of those reviews were dated and I wasn't there for a vacation so, the SPR turned out to be a good destination.
4	I was a little concerned before attending my meeting here, based on some prior reviews.  I found the hotel staff to be very helpful and accommodating.  My main concerns related to the little things.  For example- I allowed the housekeeping staff to clean my room one day.  They basically reset my room... changed the thermostat on the window unit. Opened my blinds, changed my garbage (kind of) by putting it in a bag and putting it on top of my sink.  My biggest room issue was that the stopper in my sink was permanently down so i would have to wait for it to drain slowly.
5	I love this place.  Shauna at the front desk was very nice.  The pools and hot tubs are open 24 hours.Amanda in the restuarant was very sweet and quick on the refills Very clean.  I've stayed here several times over the last 20 years
3	I would have given the Scottsdale Plaza Resort another star if the Wi-Fi had worked in our room. I called the hotel IT folks and finally hung up after an hour of futility. Not one of the four Apple devices would connect. It's a bit frustrating when you have to walk to the lobby for the internet.Ok, the rooms were clean and comfortable and the breakfast was good. Be aware if you book with an online agency, you'll pay about $40 extra in fees when you check out.
4	I stayed at this place on business and it was very nice. Multiple buildings arranged like villas, quiet atmosphere, multiple pools and clean rooms.  The suites are spacious and very clean. I would definitely stay here again.
4	Just as Monica E. we got this hotel by 'accident' (priceline). We were also afraid due to the negative comments. Checkin went fast. For some people it should be more interesting to receive details about the possibilities in the hotel.WiFi : I do not understand recently negative comments. It worked fine. We were online with laptop and Ipads. Easy free access !Room : in our eyes good enough. We need only a place to sleep and that was OK. It was simple but clean.Goodies and other things too expensive ? Yes, but hey, enough Walmarts or other shops were you can buy less expensive your needs !Parking : never had parking problems. Enough spots.Central location for your trips to Sedona, Tucson, ...4 stars as rated with Priceline ? Nope, I would say a good 3 stars.During our first trip we were staying in another hotel (bad experience). After this stay, I will certainly return (if it keeps their actual services or better).
1	Would not recommend Scottsdale Plaza Resort to anyone. Got in a pissing contest with the manager over 26 dollars worth of extra charges that they added to the bill when I'm spending over a thousand dollars to stay there for 5 days. They have no concept of the phrase customer service. Manager tracked me down as our group was on the way out to lunch just to show me how much "I'm already saving by getting a group rate discount" rather than just deducting the $26 for the bogus charges. The phrase cutting off your nose to spite your face comes to mind here.Free internet... HA! We were supposed to have free internet access while we were here at the resort the resort covers 40 acres you would think if you had free internet access you would have access wireless access throughout the whole complex seeing as how it's a business complex for conventions and things like that.Don't bring your convention here!!!!!So as soon as we step into the convention room where we're spending the majority of our day everyday, we lose our internet signal. Apparently the group would have had to pay an additional $200 a day to have internet access in the room. They will nickel and dime you on everything. Was told the hotel had a shuttle to pick us up at the airport.  GREAT! We get here and call for the shuttle to find that we're going to have a $23 charge added to our room for each of us. The shuttle drops us off and tells us to go inside to register. He took our two small carry on bags to the golf cart and said the bellman would drive us to our room. We drive about a quarter of a mile to the back corner of the property. He has us open the door to make sure our keys work. I hand him a $10 tip and thank him.Would like to point out that all of the bellman and the Belstaff were excellent they were friendly no issues with them whatsoever this review does not reflect on them at all this review is reflected toward the hotel and the management staff.It isn't even about the $26 at this point it's more about the principle of how I was treated by a manager and how much they want to argue their point of how much I'm already saving.  So in her mind that gives them the right to overcharge or say it was the convention that was responsible but they're clinging on to $26 like it was the only $26 they made today. REALLY BAD MANAGEMENT DECISION (AND I THINK YOU UNDERSTAND THAT AT THIS POINT.)I regret spending an additional couple hundred dollars eating on property after the bad taste this situation has left in my mouth.As the COO of a 100% Veteran owned and operated company, I would strongly urge any military organizations or government organizations to look elsewhere for a convention place in Scottsdale AZ. After talking to several locals that we've met and become friends with, we've learned that there are many more affordable and competent convention centers to choose from. Don't let a poor experience in this place ruin your trip. Scottsdale is beautiful outside these walls.
2	I didn't book this. If I had I would have read the yelp reviews which are all accurate!  Priceline gave this a 4 star rating.  Our previous 4 star booking through Priceline was at least one star greater than this.  FAIL. Looks cool from the outside, very deceiving. Feels like a large motel.  The minute you open the room door it has that old hotel stench. We had to buy a glade candle just to withstand it.  The walls are paper thin.  One evening we are trying to keep our voices down knowing we can hear the entire conversations of the room adjacent.  The next day we are battling the television volume so we can hear our show over the fiesta music next door.  The robes were stained.  The bathroom is old and yellow. The bed isn't comfortable.  The one plus are the super hot jacuzzis Open 24/7. I would try elsewhere.
5	Will never stay any place else, this is now my go to destination in Scottsdale.I have stayed there in years past and felt comfortable but this trip I recognized a huge  improvement in the quality of the rooms, meals and the excellent service training. There is no denying the grounds are beautiful and the pool area is first class.   But it's the Service that will keep me coming back.This is now my permanent go to location in Scottsdale and it should be yours as well
5	I love this place.  Shauna at the front desk was very nice.  The pools and hot tubs are open 24 hours.Amanda in the restuarant was very sweet and quick on the refills.Brook our server in the bar was nothing but smiles.Very clean.  I've stayed here several times over the last 20 years and 2014 was the best experience ever.   I found out there was new management and I defiantly notice the changes that have been made.I LOVE THIS RESORT
5	I love this place.  Shauna at the front desk was very nice.  The pools and hot tubs are open 24 hours.Amanda in the restuarant was very sweet and quick on the refills.Brook our server in the bar was nothing but smiles.Very clean.  I've stayed here several times over the last 20 years and 2014 was the best experience ever.   I found out there was new management and I defiantly notice the changes that have been made.I LOVE THIS RESORT
4	We booked this hotel through hotwire under their 4 star hotels in the Scottsdale area. Score! This place was great for what we paid. If I had paid the rack or corp rate which was double what we paid, I may have been slightly disappointed. The service we had was great from check in to the poolside service. The room was a good size and nice amenities available throughout the resort. Yes, this place needs a face-lift in pretty much every area but it didn't bother me, again because we had a good deal. I do have a BIG problem with the fact that there was no recycling receptacles anywhere. I was shocked. We did our part and took all our recyclables to the airport to dispose of but really, we should not have had to. How could they be so unaware of the small things we can all do to make a big impact on saving our environment.
3	Waited at the pool for 30 minutes before being served. Comfortable beds. Live band at night. I didn't pick this hoyel , randomly it was selected. It was OK for the price.
2	Disgusting!  Priceline listed this as a 4 star resort in Scottsdale.  Bait and switch, this is at best, 3 stars.  They claimed it was like a Hyatt...  Lies.  There's a $30/night resort fee which seems like, I over paid for spotty wi-fi, because every hotel in Scottsdale has pools and hot tubs, so there's not much worth paying that for.  Frankly, turning on my phone's hot spot is faster and cheaper.We walked into our room, and immediately smelled mildew, which we identified later as mold in the bathroom.  No matter how low we turned the A/C down, we couldn't get rid of the smell over the two days we were there.Next, we find a stain or dirt on our pillow case.  Gross.  The bedding had tears in it too.There were cracks in the bottom of the door seal, allowing for plenty of room for Arizona's famous scorpions to walk through.Stay away.  There are 4 star hotels very nearby for the same price.
2	A glorified motel.  Horribly outdated, shabby, can hear neighbors, loud wall unit a/c.  I travel for work and this is the worst hotel I've stayed in for awhile.  Will say the staff was friendly though.
5	Had an awesome stay! Great staff and nice place. A little dated but still great! Stayed at other places before and was always worried about security of my vehicle or on the premises. Not here
2	I briefly lived in Scottsdale for 10 months & knowing that 1) I'll be spending Saturday evening with my "Alpha Male" ( reports to work in Phx for the National Guard once a month) 2) Visiting Scottsdale again & seeing friends 3) Going shopping at the new Chandler Premium Outlet..was good reasons for me to get super-excited. I bid for a 4-star hotel thru Priceline & I won for $120/night. I was going to spend two nights in this property & pictures look promising: the grounds are beautiful, the hotel facade looks so grand. I was taken to my room by one of the bell dudes who has to cart me away to where it was...I've learned the hotel is a sprawling 40-acre property & a pro-baseball team had just left that afternoon. The entire team and entourage apparently stayed there for spring training. Then the door was unlocked, 2 beds.....really? After informing the snobby receptionist my boyfriend will be joining me the following day, she gives me a 2-bed room? Great. I've to negotiate for a 1-king bed bedroom & after a slew of flimsy excuses that they're full (really?...people actually stay here?...super-outdated 80s furniture they're trying to pass up as "Southwestern style"...cheap wall paper that's peeling off in the bathroom, rusty faucet, super-gross carpet), I was taken to another wing of what seemed like apartment complexes for a 1-king bedroom.....My boyfriend who joined me the following day wasn't impressed too & we shared the same disappointed feeling. Only good thing that pacified him was the nice big hot tub at the main pool area. To me, the only good thing there was the Asian ladies who are at the hotel's main dining area seating guests and serving breakfast. They're very friendly & eager to please the guests. The breakfast I had sucked tho. Denny's served far better breakfast, I'm sorry.The fact that Priceline even insulted my intelligence by having this hotel as 4-stars really did it, I'm not coming back. Holiday Inn Express & The Residence Inn are a lot more comfortable hotels to stay at, I swear!
1	So, Travis took the social media "Norm" of tackling this online, and tried to fix on the phone... Sadly, he challenged every negative I posted, essentially calling me wrong, starting with "it's not mold, because mold can't grow with our cleaning schedule". But after five minutes, he admitted it was mildew... So, mold can't grow with their aggressive cleaning plan, but mildew is acceptable to them.Then he suggested that they are 4 star, because they have suites, restaurants, a spa, and their pool/hot tub.  And in the same sentence admitted that their standard rooms leave something to be desired, but they're working in it...  Allthewhile, trying to convince me that they're four stars...Don't let the attempt at chatting with me in this post fool you.  They don't care, and Travis tried to prove me wrong the entire conversation.  In the end, he suggested if I wanted to try the mildew infested, cockroach-ridden, "4-star". 'Because they have a spa and restaurant (meaning they agree that quality has nothing to do with that rating)' I should call him, since I have his number now"..Seems easier to just skip this craphole, and go Hyatt anywhere...Or, La Quinta... Same room quality.... And they have a pool too, and faster internet, with no resort fees.  Dropping them from 2 stars to 1.  If I could go zero...
1	If I could give this hotel zero stars I would! We booked trough hotwire where it said it was 4 stars and in my opinion it looks like two. The exterior is deceiving , once you open the door to the room you get a motel type of accommodation!!And to make things worse there were ants crawling all over the bathroom sink , not one, many! We told the front desk and even though they were friendly they did not do anything about it, just called housekeeping.Horrible decoration from at least three decades ago, even the curtains are a nasty red fabric. Save your money and go somewhere else.
4	I was really happy with this place! Game here for a girl's weekend and we stayed in the nice 2 bedroom suites. We got room service one morning and it was delicious (custom made omelets). The rooms were clean and updated. Comfortable beds. The pool by us was great, and I like how they have 5 pools around the property since the main pool can get a little busy. It seems like you have a different expereince depending on which rooms you book.
3	My wife and I stayed the night of 7/5 to celebrate our 6 month marriage anniversary and our little boy who will be with us in the end of October. At the front desk Devin checked us in but made it awkward when saying my wife and I are both under 21 and how room service would be by to pick up the bottle of champagne. I understand they have to cover their butt but that doesn't mean you have to smile and treat me like I'm 16. I am a 19 year old man with a wife and child on the way, show some respect, I have a job and provide for my family and expect to be treated accordingly. After we checked in the guy outside showed us to our room but took us through the rocks and trees to get there. I would have been fine to go around the long way on the sidewalk especially with a 6 month pregnant wife, but that's okay, no biggie. Besides that it was pretty good, room was clean and the bed was nice, will probably stay again sometime in the future and see if this review needs an update. For a cheap yet classy stay-cation I would recommend staying here but at this point in time my first experience didn't blow me out of the water.
1	Always Check Yelp FIRST!!! This was one of theeee worst hotels I've ever stayed at.  Ok, the room, when you first open the door, was impressive.  After that, it was down hill all the way.  They don't put refrigerators in the room, but can sell you a key to the refrigerated alcohol!  If you want a refrigerator, that'll be $10.00 extra.  I swear someone cleaned shoe tar off of their shoes with the towels that were hanging in the bathroom.  I mean, the towels looked like someone cleaned the bathroom with them and then hung them on the rack. THE RACK WAS EVEN DIRTY!!!  Oh yeah, the tub was completely stopped up so when we showered the tub filled up with water.  I explained all of this to the front desk and you'd think they'd maybe discount the room, but Hell to the NO!  They just made oddball faces and said nothing much else.  I actually think they were trying to tell me with their eyes that the hotel is really a dive.There are NO adult pools so kids and families can show up and take over any of the four pools where you may be trying to just relax.  Also, the stairs to the room looked like they hadn't been swept in days!  I mean, this wasn't just some 'wind blew some leaves and such', this was straight out the box ghetto dirt!  Where junkies from the 60's may be located.Please tell as many people as possible that this motel disguised as a hotel, is really a dive.We wound up staying at The Hampton Inn in Scottsdale instead.  The one by True Foods.  They have really stepped up their game.  Inexpensive and a really nice place.  We always meet the nicest people their too.The Scottsdale Plaza sucks!
1	Dark, tired rooms.  Things in rooms are broken--hair dryer, non-flushing toilet, electrical receptacles.  Front desk plays games on room type and is not at all accommodating.  Someone from there actually looked me up on Linked In to see if I was important enough to be treated right when I made a request.  (We can see that, you know - :). ). Wi-fi is not good.  Just don't expect much.  I can say -- Pools were nice, support staff (bellman, maids, sundries store clerk) were great.  Disappointed not to be giving a better review.
4	I stayed here on a recent business trip and had a good experience. I was fortunate enough to land one of the two-story suites (900+ square feet, 2 big beds, 2 bathrooms, two patios, etc). The room was bright, spacious, and clean, the property premises were attractive and clean, and my interaction with staff was all positive.I did find a few small bugs, a handful of ants on a bathroom floor on one occasion, and some other small bug. Nothing is perfect; when there is a desert all around a few bugs are bound to get in.
1	I guess one star is adequate for the size of the 2 story suite.... That's about the nicest thing I can say! We just stayed here 10/11/14. Reserved a room here for the Navy Ball. Looked online and seemed like a plush stay and the convenience of being able to walk from ballroom-hotel room was a bonus. Drove all the way from San Diego and arrived at a bit after 12pm and had to fight to get checked in (supposed 3pm check in?! Who checks in just 2 hours before a FORMAL event?!) Finally get a room and it's directly in front of the spa so lots of foot traffic. Open door and it's filthy and decorated circa 1989. We didn't bother to unpack. It was so sparsely furnished and dirty that we called the hotel manager asking for a refund and cancellation so we can go to the Hilton just down the road. He refused. The room had leaves and stains on the carpet, one chair at a metal quick order restaurant style table, calcified faucets in the bathroom, a tub that didn't drain, frayed and dirty towels. He refused to refund us stating they had a 48hr cancellation policy (yep, because we magically knew it would be filthy from 500 miles away!)  He instead "upgraded" us to one of their 2story suites. The driver takes us over and what do you know, it needs all new towels AND the sofa had a white stain on the seat...ew! Housekeeping had to come clean it and we had such little time we didn't bother trying to fight them again. Of course at the end of the night we are tired and frustrated with the days events only to find bugs! Of goodness. The next morning at check out the hotel manager was shown photos and everything explained and he just shrugged. I would NEVER EVER EVER recommend this hotel to anyone and believe me, the US Navy Ball probably will NOT use this resort again for next year. *Also had a HORRID experience at their spa. I booked a hair appt a week prior to arriving explaining I wanted soft waves and that I had professional human hair extensions. The lady who booked me said the hair dressers were all experienced with extensions and it wouldn't be a problem. After so many problems with the hotel, I should have known the spa wasn't much better! I had shampooed my own hair prior to my 3pm appt and was given to one if their most "experienced" hair dressers. He asks what I want and I show him multiple photos of simple retro soft waves. He attempts to do my hair twice and it ends up looking like huge Texas poof. I literally broke into tears! I asked him to fix it twice. He finally told me, it was because my hair was layered so it wasn't possible to achieve "that look". It's an hour before my event! I quickly google an easy and simple chignon (Kate Middleton look) and ask him to stop jackin' my hair to Jesus and just give me an elegant and not so big hair style. It takes him 2 more tries, 100 bobby pins, and a bottle of hair spray before it looks somewhat like the photo. He knew I was unhappy but said it was my hair's fault. I didn't have time to even attempt to go to another salon to have it fixed at this point. I go to the counter where you apparently pay and the lady tells me $65. My friend just had an up do done an hour prior and it was $55. I just hand my card so I can get out of there before I cry. She sees I'm unhappy and asks, and I honestly replied that No I was NOT happy. She just shrugged and gave me my receipt.* All in all, this hotel is dirty, has poor customer service, and offers substandard services. I would NEVER EVER EVER book another stay here even if it was free. (Which it wasn't, even after everything that happened!)
4	We stayed in a one bedroom suite for most of our stay. We were in a building in the back of the property that housed four units. We had a bar, dinette area, living room with tv, King bedroom, and bathroom. We had an outdoor seating area with two chairs. One of the pools was just outside our door and there was a lovely fountain that we could hear literally right outside our door. The spa was very relaxing and enjoyable and my husband enjoyed a meal at the bar upon arrival. It was quiet and peaceful and quite beautiful.
1	One of the worst hotel experiences of my life. This hotel was represented on hotwire as a luxury 4 star resort. Yet all the negative reviews you read on yelp DIRECTLY applied to our room. Our "non smoking" room reeked of smoke, the television cut out randomly, the shower wouldn't drain properly, and it was obvious the entire room hadn't been updated since the 80's. To make matters worse, hotwire did not tell me that the hotel charged a "pet fee" of $75. Had I known this, I would have booked at a nicer resort outside of hotwire and actually saved a bit of money. After I complained, the hotel did eventually move us to a new room that was much nicer, but my girlfriend accidentally left a shirt and sandals behind in the old room that somehow disappeared. Then to add insult to injury, the hotel charged us an excessive amount of fees at the end of our stay. I had signed for the pet fee and some room service charges of $117 at checkout, but my card was run for 4 separate occasions totaling over $240.00. Needles to say, I'm going to be fighting these charges and calling the better business bureau. I'm absolutely livid. I'd give this place 0 stars if I could. I'm also done with hotwire and their misleading bait and switch tactics. It's obvious this "resort" is on its last legs and trying desperately to hang on to its 4 star rating. The only way they can stay full and put people in their outdated and run down rooms is to use a service like hotwire.
5	Amazing resort. Amazing staff. Came for a short vacation just over the weekend ended up in a amazing suite adjacent to the hot tub.  Wife and daughter enjoyed it thoroughly just as much as I did. Will definitely be back.
2	I booked this hotel through Priceline for my one year wedding anniversary and was really happy to have gotten a "4 star hotel" for $100 a night. Unfortunately, after researching reviews on this hotel I found that google reviews, yelp and trip advisor had this hotel listed as a 3 star hotel with many recent reviews mentioning bugs in the hotel. I immediately had a small panic attack and tried to cancel or move my hotel stay to another hotel. I am terrified of bugs and did not want this incorrectly rated hotel to ruin my special day. I contacted priceline who placed me on hold and when they came back on the line said they called the hotel to verify they did not have bugs. Basically I was stuck with this reservation.Anyway, I stayed at the hotel and paid an additional $50 when we checked in to upgrade to the suite in hopes that the room would be nicer (ie bug free). When we checked in the room was a little dated and there was a flying insect in the room but all in all it seemed decent - not 4 stars - but doable since we weren't going to be in the room much anyway and didn't want to just be out the $150 we ended up paying to stay there. My husband and I went out and had an awesome anniversary - came back and went to sleep with no issues. However, the next morning while we were getting ready for brunch I was leaning in close to the mirror to do my make up a spider crawled right by my face and into the closet where I assume it lives along with the other insects we ended up seeing that morning. I immediately rethought everything I had done that morning. Did anything crawl into my clothes I laid out to wear that day? Had anything gotten into my purse that had sat open? I immediately broke into hives and was itchy at the thought and almost left everything I had brought behind. So although this hotel did not ruin my anniversary night - it did ruin my anniversary brunch and the rest of my weekend. Unpacking my suitcase and even just reaching into my purse the following days was horrifying. I wish priceline would have understood my very real fear of insects and at least tried to work with me. Lesson learned - priceline does not care about its customers and always check yelp reviews before you book your hotel .Dont stay here if you are also terrified of bugs
4	Nice comfortable beds. Good locationFree wifiFree parkingPool/ hot tub open 24/7We left a cell phone in the room and the housekeeping/security found it for us. I would return.
5	Always love it at the Plaza.  Started coming here with a company I worked with and still love it on my own.  Great location.  Pleasant staff and very helpful.  I love parking close to my room and still having all the amenities of a big resort.  Remington's restaurant and the sports bar are very nice and I can walk back to my room after a few drinks.  The rooms are huge and my family is very comfortable here.  They have done some updating since my last trip, which was necessary and I'm rating it higher now than I would have in the past.
5	We have stayed here multiple times over the past four years.    Whether we are staying for business or pleasure, our experience has been the same - fantastic!   The rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable.   The grounds and pools are gorgeous and everyone on staff is friendly and attentive.   We will be back!
