5	Soooo glad to see Yogurtland come to the Phoenix area. This is my favorite yogurt place in LA. It's a do-it-yourself place with about 14 flavors every day, some regular and some tart. They have amazing yogurt (some of my favorites are tiramisu, Butterfinger, bananas foster, black cherry tart, pineapple tart) and great toppings (fresh fruit, cheescake pieces, cookie dough pieces, granola, sprinkles, candy, etc.). And the best part is that it's 30 cents per ounce, so you can get a pretty big serving for about $5. Now, Yogurtland, please add another location further north in Scottsdale, and I'll be a very happy man.
5	This place was sooo yummy! Very clean, nice employees.  I really wish we had Pinkberry here in PHX, but in many ways this is better.  At least 10 different flavors of yogurt to choose from.  I tried their green tea, but didn't like it as much as Pink's.  But they did have a DELICIOUS "taro" flavor that I think I like even better.  I could eat a ton of it.  There were also many many delicious toppings to choose from.  I"m kind of boring and just like the fresh fruit and nuts, but there are also sprinkles and cheesecake bits. This is a really great place to go for a date, b/c it is so cheap and intimate.
5	I HAD to come here during my visit to AZ.  This is the largest one I've seen yet!  There were 16 different flavors!!!  But no lychee, bummer!  Just as clean and just as good as the one in the Bay Area!  Only 30 cents and ounce!  LOVE IT!!
5	Try this place!Price is great, huge selection of yogurt flavor and toppings and it is self serve!   No long lines.   According to their web site one is coming to Scottsdale Fasion Square soon.
4	These DIY yogurt places are all the same to me, with their stained concrete floors, modern (read: Ikea) decor, and eardrum busting music at frankly intolerable levels. This one was clean, big, and cheap. For $2.40, I thoroughly enjoyed my standard (plain tart + strawberries + almonds) with a little squirt of coconut on the side. It was like slurping down creamy Hawaiian Tropic -- yummy at first, but cloyingly sweet and one-dimensional soon thereafter. I'll stick to my tart varieties.
5	Love this place.  With it being less than a mile from Yogurtini and 9 cents an ounce cheaper it is the only yogurt place I go anymore.I love the flavors- taro, coconut, bananas foster, pistachio, green tea, ghiradelli chocolate.I love the toppings- lychee and pomegranateI could seriously eat here everyday.
2	Yogurt was ok, not great.  Better yogurt, wayyy more toppings and better fruit at Yogurtini just down the street. Plus, Yogurtini had Acai!!
5	Okay here's how I do it: peanut butter mixed with raspberry creame (sic) with white chocolate chips.  that was before, however, the day I refer to as enlightenment: the day I had the cheesecake chunks.  practically better than anything I've ever had. so I now recommend some fruit flavor, such as the raspberry creame (sic) or strawberry, with a heavy dose of cheesecake bits.  deeeelightful.for half the cost of other such establishments, yogurtland is truly happiness embodied.  also they have a root beer float flavor that's pretty tasty if you're into that...
5	Georgie S likes Mojo. That's because Georgie S is an elitist East Coast snob.Yogurtland is where it's at. Flavors as far as the eye can see. A sea of tangy, tarty goodness. Like the first day of fall semester at ASU when all the women wear tank tops and short shorts. Twice as good as Mojo and half the price. Math is not my strongest subject but ratios and charts would undoubtedly point to Yogurtland's radness and Mojo's unremarkability. Ordinariness.
4	I've never been to a place like Yogurtland before.  I didn't know what to expect beyond, well, frozen yogurt.  I walked in to a line of fit young ladies pumping their own frozen yogurt from soft serve machines that line one wall with a variety of flavors.  I sampled Dutch Cocoa, Coconut, Mango, Strawberry, and Taro today.  Taro was my favorite!  After you fill your bowl to your liking with frozen yogurt, you can add on a variety of delightful toppings, including Cap'n Crunch, red beans, crumbled candy bars (like Kit Kat and Butterfinger), or pretty sprinkles.  Then you hand your creation over to the man/woman behind the cash register... They put the yogurt cup onto the scale, and you get your total based on the weight!  So cool!  So easy... So refreshing!  I love this place, and I will go out of my way to come back!
2	It was the end of the day granted, but it looked like a 6 year old just had a wild fro-yo birthday party.  I had the cheese cake, but this one wasn't as yummy and tart as Yogurtini sadly. and they had no rasberries- major boo! a plus though is that is was 9 cents cheaper than yogurtini.  But that nine cent drop really shows.  I am thinking it was just the heat, but my yogurt turned into juice in no time, and floating strawberry pieces are hard to get on a spoon lol Yeey for cheapness...boo for no rasberries. Yeey because it was a nice alternative from In and Out with the family.
2	Cleanliness: It could have used a sweep and wipe when I was in there and it was only moderately busy- no line.Food: The selection at this place was not stellar! I really like frozen yogurt, but the flavor selection while good in number was not too appealing in flavor. I also had a repeat of what happened at Mojo with the fast meltdown. I think they need to set the freeze level higher.Just not worth the time and money for another stop.
5	Yogurtland has moved into the #1 spot that I go for tart yogurt. I have basically had every one within a 3 mile radius of my house. We are at a time that you can't swing a dead cat without hitting a frozen yogurt place. Its basically the new gelato. I'm sure a bunch will fizzle out just like gelato joints did  towards the end of the gelato trend. Yogurtland will be the king snake after all is said and done. The self serve, abundance of choices and toppings can't be beat. The plain tart is usually my 'go to' but I have been known to get the Coconut flavor once in a while and it is amazing! It for sure has the best plain tart yogurt in the valley. The only downside is it is swamped with ASU douches that think they invented the place, but thats expected :)  Excited for the Chandler location to open!
5	Awesome!  The cheapest yogurt shop in town, AND the best.  Everytime I go in, there are a couple of new flavors, and they're all really good.  For instance, I had boysenberry with s'more-flavored yogurt, topped it off with some mochi (my favorite!), mini m&ms, strawberries, and blueberries all for the low price of $2.97.  The flavors with the topping options along with the unbeatable pricing makes this place a must-go.  The outdoor seating is pretty sweet, too.  (anyone who enjoys to hear what your company is saying might prefer to sit outside because the music inside is ridiculously louder than it should be)For those of you new to Yogurtland: You take a cup and fill it with your choice of ffo-yo, take it down the line to top it off with anything you want, and then put the cup on the scale next to the register.  You'll pay based on the weight of your cup.  If you want to sample some fro-yo prior to making a final decision, don't be afraid to ask for sample cups at the register.  PS: As if Yogurtland wasn't awesome enough already, they also give you biodegradable spoons to use to satisfy your fro-yo craving.  Very green, fashionable, AND sturdy.
4	So, I have recently indulged in this froyo phase. I know, I am slightly late but I discovered the awesomeness of frogen yogurt when I was in San Diego with one of my friends. After I ventured back to my home turf, I thoroughly researched different venues that offered this delectable treat. I wanted to go somewhere that was relatively close, but the one I tried out was mediocre at best. Then, after looking at other reviews, I decided to go by campus and try Yogurtland. I had a little bit of the tart flavor, and a bit of strawberry, and I topped it off with strawberries, mango pieces, and almonds. I immediately was hooked. In addition to that, it was cheap! I love, love, love it. I have gone 5 times after that, and this is within a ten day span. Trust me, you'll be a fan.
4	Endless flavors and toppings, ridiculously cheap.  This place is a must over MoJo.
5	They finally got one on the westside, Gateway Pavillons 101 and I10, next to the theater!
5	Oh my oh my!Ok after my first experience with Korean style FroYo was with the original PinkBerry in LA. It was great, it lived up to the hype and more. But it changed my life. I wanted to have it here in AZ. It's been years since PinkBerry opened and yet still no sign of them here in the Valley. I have been searching and trying all that come here and I have found the one!This place is just as or better than PinkBerry. I love the price, the toppings and flavors. In fact writing this is making me want to get some. The mochi toppings, chocolate chips and strawberries with original flavor is absolute perfection. I recommend this to any person old or new. By far the best and they have multiple locations.
5	Holy crap, this place is fantastic! We went for the first time last night, after friends have been raving about it for weeks. Delicious!You get to pick as many flavors as you want, with all the toppings you want! Tasty yogurt (current seasonal flavors include eggnog, peppermint, and pumpkin pie) with fresh fruit, mini nutter butters, and sprinkles to your hearts content! At 30 cents per oz, it's a total bargain! Add to that, the staff is super nice and answer any questions you have about the random flavors and random toppings. Hard not to go back for a repeat experience today...but we'll definitely be going back!
5	ok... so i feel like i'm cheating with my lover mojo but after being introduced to yogurtland (for me it's froyoland), i have to admit... i'm in love. Why!? first of, they got me with price... it's hella cheap... i can get a full cup, and load it up with the bestest toppings (there's 43 of them... i counted) and I have 14 flaves to choose from. Secondly, they have amazing flavors... like pineapple, lemon-lime, eggnog, pumpkin, cheesecake, ghiradelli choco, peanut butter etc. you get it? and last the toppings... like here's what i got in my cup... some lemon-lime, strawberry topped off with a DOLLOP of pineapple then... i got a topping of lychee and mango. LYCHEE!!!! mojo has never had lychee! This is like the most awesomest thing... i'm thinking sour gummi worms and lychee next time... OH MY FUDGE it's YUMMMM!! ok more yum. And the hours can't be beat... open til 11P on weekdays, and midnite on weekend... hella kool! so get this... two cups of froyo filled with tons of goodness... only $6 HELL to the Y-E-S! it's 30 cents an oz I mean if that doesn't make you cheat i don't know... and i still love my mojo but now I have more to love... FIVE STARS FROYOLAND!!! =)
5	heaven in a cupthats what this store should be calledIt's self serve and boy did I help myselfi put in 4 different flavors of yogurt including Green Tea, Peppermint, and vanilla wafer. Vanilla wafer flavored yogurt? oh my, what a yummy sweet delight that was, after my cup was FULL, I topped it with brownie, malt balls and something else I can't remembert'was cheap too, got another cup for my roommate and the total was only $4 for 2 CUPS of frozen yogurt
4	Love it!!!! Sooooo yummy and so much selection.  They will give you little sample cups so you can try out the different flavors.  And....tons of toppings!!The place has always been nice and clean every time I have been there and the staff is nice and helpful!  I'll keep coming back to satisfy my yogurt sweet tooth!!
5	It was my first time at Yogurtland and hopefully it won't be my last. At 30 cents an ounce, it's very inexpensive. I had the pistachio, taro, strawberry, and berry flavors, and each one was very good. The mochi topping was very soft and chewy and tasted very fresh. And the service was very friendly as well. If I was an ASU college student, I'd be eating at In N Out and Yogurtland everyday.
5	Yogurtland is a chain self-serve frozen yogurt entity. The way it works is simple: you walk in and grab a cup. Next you meander along the wall where they have a variety of yogurt flavors and put whatever ones you want into the cup. As you continue along the line, there are a number of self-serve toppings that you can add into the yogurt. Then you take the cup to the cashier and have it weighed; the price is based on weight.There's a fairly impressive variety of flavors here and most of them were fat free (and doesn't that mean that it's okay to eat twice as much?). They have a number of toppings that range from healthy mango and kiwi to oreo crumbles and gummi bears. I actually didn't see the prices marked anywhere, but attached is a picture of the cup I made (don't judge, I like M&M's) which was a little over $5.
4	Despite knowing better.. I stopped by here for dessert last night. As long as your aware of what an oz looks like this is a heck of a deal.They have a huge selection of flavors and those horrible people make them all good. This was the worst part of this experience was having to make some type of sane decision as to which flavors to put in the cup.Things I tried:Dutch Chocolate: Way to rich for me. Chocolate lovers happy place I'm sure.Cheese Cake: Good.. but had a bit of a fake after taste.Double Cookies and Cream: Its like they figured out how to liquefy and freeze Oreo Cookies. Delicious.Pistachio: Again right on with the flavor. Says its made with real pistachio nuts and I believe it. Although I like "Gelato Spots" a little more.Toasted Coconut: Mmmmmmmm! Yeah again somehow figured out how to turn a fruit into a frozen treat.Peanut Butter: This was decent and said made with real peanut butter. I liked it but it almost tasted like over roasted peanuts. A little to deep and earthy.Their topping selection is HUGE. I liked the fact that many of the items were mini which meant you could get more in each bite for the same weight as the larger ones. They had mini Reeses Pieces which I had never seen before.I ended up getting 4 different flavors and about 4 toppings. It was more then I could finish and came to a total of $3.50 before tax. Considering what you pay at most ice cream places that's a bargain and I got EXACTLY what I wanted.At .30 an oz this is one of the cheapest of these self serve yogurt bars in town. From a health standpoint you'll totally regret going here.. but you'll be smiling the whole time.
1	For frozen yogurt quality, I give this place a one. Honestly, it's small, there's very little variety in terms of toppings, and the yogurt tastes cheap... Probably because it's a big franchise. There is a reason why you're paying less for an ounce... Truly - you get what you pay for. The concept is neat, sure, but if you're looking for pizzazz then you should try Yogurtini... It's just up the road from Yogurtland. Anyway, the single star says it all... "Eek! Methinks not."
1	Maybe because they use powder yogurt or that it smells weird? I hate this place. Say Bye-Bye to Yogurtland....and HELLO to YOGURTINI!!! Check out the best and your favorite new self-serve frozen yogurt experience at yogurtini.com and right down the street from Yogurtland on Uni&Rural!
4	I have to admit, I don't really get the pay by the ounce fro-yo craze.  It's partly because I like to be served (Ex. B: I hated those cook your own steak places) and partly because I don't really see the advantage to allowing the slimy handed 5 year old unfettered access to all the toppings...of course I did get to witness said 5 year old completely drop his yogurt on the ground to add some special sprinkles ala Eddie Murphy Delirious (no, I didn't taunt him)All of that said, I will make a stop at Yogurtland for the Red Velvet Cupcake Batter.  It's amazing and from someone who gets sick at the thought of cookie dough, it isn't doughy at all.  Another big bonus, Yogurtland has "creamy" frozen yogurt...not the too icey for my taste yogurt from MoJo.  In addition, and maybe I am blinded by the cupcake batter, it is cheaper per oz. than MoJo...Now please, take your child's hands out of the toppings, or karma might dump that cup.
4	Yogurtland has the best frozen yogurt around  the Tempe area in my opinion. Each time I've gone (at different times) the place is always busy. Usually with college kids. My trip last night saw a continuous stream of people for the duration of my time in line, to payment to sitting down and enjoying my treat. This place is doing quite well.This place stands out from the other yogurt places because of the flavors and toppings. Most places only have six flavors, but Yogurtland has about 15.The topping selection is extensive with numerous fruit toppings, then all the cookie, candy selections. My personal favorite selections are the cookies and cream and chocolate. I liked strawberry, but for some reason the flavor doesn't seem as good anymore after having it last night. I sampled my wife's red velvet cake last night and now know what flavor I'm getting next time. Try it!
4	Okay, I know I previously reviewed that I do not like these places, but I am coming around. One of my coworkers taught me the ways of proper assembly and my opinion started to change.Yogurtland is not too far from my office. They have a good selection and a price per ounce cheaper than MoJo. I sampled the green tea, the double cookie and cream, the red velvet cake batter, the pistachio - but my favorite was a combination of peanut butter and vanilla wafer. I think vanilla wafer is one of the best I have tried - and you can top it with vanilla wafers.I am slowly being won over by FroYo, and this place is one of my favorites so far.
4	I know I promised Mojo just recently that I wouldn't cheat on them but I have to admit that I visited my local Yogurtland this weekend. We showed up around 8pm and the place was packed. There were college kids, families and softball teams, oh my! People love this place. I had to be pushy and interrupt the one visible employee there (who was busy ringing up everyone at the register) for sample cups. I tried a few and chose the red velvet flavor. The toppings seemed really fresh and were much larger pieces than what Mojo offered. Overall my experience was pretty good. There were many yogurt flavors and topping choices. The store didn't seem as well kept as Mojo. The machines were covered in drippy yogurt and the toppings all over the counter. It would have also been nice if there was an employee on the sales floor to help new customers with the process. I think I may go again but hope the cleanliness and customer service is improved on.
5	This is my first time at not only Yogurtland, but this type of place where you get your own Yogurt from a machine! At first I was intimidated but my friend helped me through the process of creating my own frozen yogurt treat. The best way to not be shuffled along a line is to just go right for the flavor you want; why be held up behind a person who is getting Vanilla when Peanut Butter (my current favorite) is all the way near the end? Just go get it! Don't wait! But be polite if you're squeezing in between someone!!The flavors rotate everyday - you never know what will pop up unless you go to the http://www.yogurt-land.com/ website to view all their flavors and hope they have the one you want to try when you arrive *lol*! The toppings at the end of the station usually change but not as much as the frozen yogurts! The staff is great to chat with, the atmosphere is great also - it's always busy with college kids and families, and I love it because they're open so late on the weekends! You can also eat outside which we love to do because we can be as loud as we want!So if you're by ASU or in the Tempe area, you defiantly need to give this place a try if you're in the mood for frozen yogurt!
5	Out of all the frozen yogurt places I've tried [Ocean Blue, Mojo's, et cetera], Yogurtland is probably the best I've had!While some places have really runny and melty yogurt [Ocean Blue] or over-priced standard yogurt [Mojo's], I really do enjoy Yogurtland the best! With their vast amount of flavors, although they limit their flavors and only release certain ones on different days, and wide selection of toppings, what's not to love?  My personal favorite flavors are probably the pistachio and taro....and I rock my Yogurtland shirt whenever I can.  /nerd
3	If you don't feel like Mojo and don't want to pay the price Mojo, go to Yogurtland.  All the girls around town flock to places that have frozen yogurt because of the price and girls love the frozen yogurt.  They usually have a good selection to chose from and is a help yourself type of toppings.Recommendation:  If you want to get some frozen yogurt at a good price, remember they go by weight like every other frozen yogurt place in Tempe.
5	I love yogurt land!  They have lots of flavors and tons of toppings.  Its almost always really busy but the line moves fast.  Its much better than mojo!
5	yum I totally obsessed with this place right now! the lyche yogurt is so amazing. I love how they have unusual flavors here, and its inexpensive.
5	Yogurtland is sooo tasty!!! They are so much better than mojo. Let me give you a few examples why:1. They have cut up bananas in the topping section. Everytime I would go to Mojo they would ALWAYS be out of bananas. No joke. I think it's because they have to cut them as customers request them (no banana topping container) and they're just too lazy.2. Cheaper. 3. PLAIN TART. Nuff' said.4. Ghirardelli syrups.5. More toppings.6. Their mochi isn't flavored, which is a good thing. Mojo's creepy lime and strawberry mochi tastes too artificial. Yogurtland rocks!
5	yogurtland what to do what to do .... do i give you 0 stars or 100 stars? well not really i love this place but i love it even more when red velvet yourgurt is there!!! each batter or yourgurt or whatev the hell they have back there is supposed to last 2 weeks red velvet sold out in 2 days!!!! this flavor is so amazing i found myself stock pilling it in the freezer.  price is dirt cheap but please bring us back RED VELVET even celebs tweet about it looking to see what yougurtland has it in in LA love this place
4	I so love this place. Mojo was my go-to froyo treat but after tasting their pistachio and coconut, that changed everything!  I still love Mojo, don't get me wrong, but hell, with coconut being so creamy and yet, no fat, how can you go wrong.I must say, some California froyo places need to take lessons from the likes of Mojo, Yogurtland, and others here in the AZ and NYC (except maybe YoCup in SF)
5	I love this place. I am never disappointed in the flavor choices. I usually get overwhelmed and end up putting more yogurt in my cup then I really should.The topping choices are always fresh looking and there are lots to choose from. The price is very reasonable.
5	I am obsessed with Yogurtland. First of all, I live right across the street, so it's very convenient. I've been to Mojo and Yogurtini many times, and I think that Yogurtland wins hands-down. First, their yogurt flavors are so unique. They are always switching it up - my favorites are the Red Velvet Cake, Pistachio, and...drumroll please....Chocolate Coconut Truffle! YUM!  Then, you have their extensive topping bar. They have more fresh fruit options than nearly any other place I've been...including Kiwi, Blackberries, Strawberries, and even Lychee fruit! I've never seen Lychee anywhere else. You can tell the fruit is freshly cut; not from a can, like at some other places *cough*yogurtini*cough*Besides the fruit, they have pretty much everything else you could ever want; oreos, reeses, heath bar, butterfinger, all kinds of nuts, even those circus animal cookies! Like the yogurt, the toppings change daily (and I'm sure seasonally as well, especially the fruit), but I am always able to find something I love. Their yogurt is rich and creamy; hard to believe that many flavors are fat-free!  If you're in the area, it's DEFINITELY worth a try.
5	Great service, great yogurt, lots of toppings. service is friendly and great.I love this place, need i saw more.
5	Love the interactive, take as many samples as you please, style fro-yo joints.  This one is the best around.  It has the creamiest and least watery fro-yo.  They also rotate flavors often.  The place is packed every time we go and is filled with families, seniors, youngsters, and college students.  With In n Out next door, it is like a food Mecca that people migrate from all over to partake in the goodness.  We're kind of obsessed, tread cautiously.
5	lots of yogurt flavors! lots of toppings...they even had lychee! i was impressed. not too impressed that my roomie and i got there at the same time as a huge sorority but i guess thats expected given the location.
4	sooooo good. this type of yogurt place was a great invention. the yogurt is good, the toppings are good and many, it's cheap, the decor is cute and modern, and the staff is nice. i wish there were more places to sit though.
5	OM NOM NOM! College students all over the place-duh! It's open late and it's freakin' delicious! I looooove mochi in my ice cream. I used to love gummi bears until they got hard/frozen since I didn't eat them quick enough. You serve yourself-so can't complain about that. The workers that are there keep the toppings section clean-always wiping and filling. The only thing to complain about it waiting in line when it's busy.
5	I Love love love! The yogurt here! Way better than mojo! It's $.09 cheaper and ounce and the froyo is kept slightly colder so it doesn't melt as fast!
4	I love EVERYTHING about this place.Flavors I've had and loved: NY Cheesecake, Strawberry (made from real strawberries), cookies and cream (amazing), chocolate (a classic but always hits the spot), vanilla wafer cookie (a great alternative to just plain vanilla), peanut butter (the most "fattening" at 97% fat-free), and red velvet (I can't get over the color, but it's tasty).Topping selection is off the hook. Cheesecake, cookie dough, rocky road bites, peanut butter cups, candies, sprinkles, syrups, fruits, you name it....For under 40 cents an ounce, count me in. Plus, it's clean, the staff is friendly, and it's just fun!!
5	i love this Yogurtland due to its proximity to home and school as well as the price. Yes, I know Mojo's is closer to ASU, given it's on Mill, but this place is cheaper than Mojo's and I do love the flavors they offer and their toppings. I always have to be on the look out for my favorite, pomegranate raspberry tart, which I usually mix in with some other flavor I feel like. And then I top it off with my strawberries, almonds, yogurt chips and sprinkles. All of which costs me like $4! I love it! I love this place. And I've tried different places, but this is still my fave.
4	This place is great for a quick treat with friends! Their yogurt is delish and they several options to choose from.  This place is very clean, has fantastic service and it's easy to get to.  My fav is arctic vanilla with fresh blue berry and sometimes some granola.  I know this combination is kinda "old school" but that what I like!
5	Selection. So many frozen yogurt flavors and toppings. By the way, this is yummy frozen yogurt, not the frozen yogurt that literally tastes like they took some Yoplait and froze it. My personal favorite is the coconut flavor...it's nice and light and perfect to top with all the different fruits (fresh strawberries, blueberries, blackberries, kiwi, etc...). I also like the small cheesecake bites and fruity pebbles. Yes, fruity pebbles. I always thought people were odd for putting this bright cereal all over their yogurt but I now get it. It adds texture and crunch and an extra fruity flavor. The cups are unfortunately large therefore you can't help but to fill them. I usually end up getting way more than I need. The prices are good and this can be a less fattening way to get a sweet treat mixed into your day. YUM-O!
5	Loved the set up and concept! What do I have to do to get one of these in Illinois!? YUMMILICIOUS!!It was soooo good and the choice of fruit toppings was fresh and in season. My creation was coconut yogurt, strawberries, blackberries, white chocolate chips, and shredded coconut. OMG!Can't wait to find a Yogurtland when we're traveling again!
4	Great place for a quick treat!  Red Velvet Cake Batter is my favorite.  The choice of toppings varies on sweet candy to fresh fruit.   I always have a hard time deciding on my toppings but I am never disappointed with my finished product.  YUMMY!!
3	So I want to start by saying that I am not a yogurt expert. I have mostly tried plain tart yogurt with toppings. So anyway, I went here tonight with some friends and it was pretty good. As others have said, they have a bunch of yogurt options followed with a bunch of toppings. I tried a bunch of the yogurt flavors and they were all just not that good. They tasted really artificial. The best one was probably the coconut, but I still went with mostly plain tart yogurt. The toppings didn't seem really fresh, the kiwi was almost jelly like... kind of weird. So I might come back here, if others want to go, but it isn't something I'd run back to get. Maybe it's good in comparison to other yogurt shops like this (?) but the only other place I've had in phoenix was golden spoon... which I liked better.
4	Stopped by recently and was impressed by the pineapple and mango flavors. Phenomenal! A must try if you like he fruit flavors here.
5	Yum! Healthy selections and delicious flavors!
5	Dear Yogurtland,You are my truest love in Arizona. You always manage to satisfy. You can cheer me up when I am down. You make me crave the perfectly sweet, but not overdone flavors and toppings. You make me fall in love all over again, every time.Your employees are friendly and adorable. Your flavors are just the right amount of sweet and tangy. Your toppings are always fresh, clean, and crunchy. Your fruit-flavored water always quenches my thirst. Your yogurt is to die for.I especially love your perfectly sweet Tart because it mixes with anything. I love when you have Mint because it is my favorite color green. I love how I can shamelessly enjoy the NY Cheesecake. I love your seasonal, delicious, fruity flavors! I love your juicy kiwi and strawberry toppings.I just love you, Yogurtland!!!!
4	Love the taro yogurt and mochi balls! The only down side is the lack of seating and the fifty bajillion college kids that swarm this place. Maybe that's just the old woman in me, but this place gets really loud! I definitely like it here better than Mojo's so I'll take my yogurt to go and enjoy it in peace!
5	Taro and toasted coconut.... fresh fruits and healthy yogurt...  awesome..  and great service every single time.
5	Yogurtland is the best and I pray that they open a Phoenix location pronto so I can feed my addiction more often!
5	I just love the vanilla wafer flavored yogurt, with some fruit and cookie dough. This place had a constant flow of people the entire time we were here. I love the outdoor seating as the one closest Yogurtland to where I live does not. The employees were very friendly. The store was immaculate. The toppings were fresh. and most importantly MY MOUTH WAS IN HEAVEN ... personal best side note of my visit there was when my friend looked at the Taro and screamed, "EW IS THAT SHRIMP!"
5	I hate to be the only male giving this place a 5 star. I suppose it brings out the feminine side in me.I digress, I tend to enjoy ice cold milk with oreos or chocolate chip cookies as a snack or dessert. However, this place has something special going on.The flavors have all been perfected with the right amount of sweetness, flavor, and texture. I really can't find any flaw in their frozen yogurt. My personal favorites are acai berry, cookies and cream (surprise), and new york cheesecake. My girlfriend will be upset if I didn't mention red velvet, its her favorite. Even though I hate the idea of eating taro, even the taro isn't a bad flavor. If you need some fruits to make it more nutritious you can add those too.I seriously can't stress how unique the flavors are and how immaculate the taste is. The pricing is pretty reasonable as well. For about $3 my GF and I seem to be able to satisfy our sweet tooth. If we're near ASU we usually top off a dinner or lunch with Yogurtland.I'm not a big fan of frozen yogurt. It seems to be the trending dessert these days along with red velvet. I'm sure both frozen yogurt and red velvet have existed for years, its only recently that I've seen both these things EVERYWHERE. Seriously though, many of the frozen yogurt shops that come to mind have just recently opened within the last 2-3 years.  I suppose some places ride the trend, but this place sets the trend.
5	Yogurtland is my favorite froyo joint in the valley. They may not have the best toppings or widest variety but the yogurt itself simply tastes far better than the yogurt at competing businesses. I usually try 3-4 flavors at each visit and every time I am amazed at how rich and flavorful the yogurt is. I tend to use far fewer toppings at yogurtland simply because the base is so good. Also, I have a general expectation that businesses around college campuses look more like a disheveled  dorm room than modern european kitchen but Yogurtland does a great job of keeping this place neat and tidy. Something I didn't expect for a place right across the street from Sun Devil Stadium
3	Yogurtland filled a craving I had for frozen yogurt tonight. It was 9:38 when my late night sweet tooth rolled around and I turned to my dear friends at Yelp for my fix. Enter Yogurtland.The largest pro of this shop is that it is open until 11 pm Sunday to Thursday and midnight on Friday and Saturday. This is excellent for those of us that want a jolt of sugar right before we brush our teeth and go to bed.Otherwise, Yogurtland is a fairly average frozen yogurt shop. (I think $0.37/oz., but I don't remember.)The drawbacks (in my humble opinion):1) Too many sweet yogurts and too few fruit/tart yogurts. I guess I'm just not a fan of "caramel almond bar," "root beer float," or "red velvet cupcake batter." Just thinking of those gives me a toothache. The company website advertises "blood orange tart" and "blueberry tart." Maybe the other location has those?2) Few fruit toppings. I only saw strawberries, kiwi bits, banana chunks, and lychee. Maybe I missed fruits like raspberries and blueberries? I did see lots of candy bar bits and chocolate toppings.3) Limited seating. This is not a "standing room only" place, but I think it might be difficult to seat a large group of fro-yo lovers.
4	Yogurtland ignites in me the delightful fiery craving for frozen yogurt. Usually when my sweet tooth comes a-knockin', it's for cookies. Imagine my surprise upon trying Yogurtland after a few trips to Mojo and feeling so-so...  Well, let's just say I awkwardly moaned throughout my gastronomic experience, making those around me rather uncomfortable. My apologies.  I was overwhelmed with nostalgic memories of the cool, melty satisfaction that Clara's Frozen Yogurt in Toon Town at Disneyland gave me, which I last had when I was 12. That was...a few years ago... and now, I can relive it over and over again. I've tried the Madagascar Vanilla, NY Cheesecake, and Red Velvet Cupcake Batter, and all have been a great hit. I am also a bigger fan of the non-fruity options, but I think I'll even give those a whirl the next time I'm sampling!
5	"Yogurtland" as I say it with a high-pitched tone in the end..This is my ultimate favorite dessert!! I would give 10 stars if Yelp allows it! All my friends know that I am attached to this place! We started this craziness together with my better half when we tried it a few years back after a basketball game...and all I said after first walking in was, "This is fun!!" and we got hooked eversince!! That I collect their spoons, only used by me and the hubbie, and I now have 5 YGL  cups full of spoons!! I am the ultimate Yogurtland addict!! heehee We go as often as 5 times a week that we already know the staff in this location. And we go that often that we even tried to abstain from it for Lent just to see if we can resist it!! haha Most of our friends also keep on asking to try other fro yo places to see if something will beat my YGL addiction..and so far nothing has won over it yet..=DSo, my favorite flavors are Taro, Pistachio and Toasted Coconut and the of course the seasonal flavors, Pumpkin Pie, Gingerbread..Oh I wanna go now just thinking about it! My favorite toppings are the yogurt chips, sugar cone, sunflower seeds, shredded coconut and graham!!  =) Perfect blend of flavors! So if you haven't tried it yet, grab your favorite partner and enjoy some "Yogurtland"...=)
5	More tart yogurt options than the other places. The flavors taste so fresh and yummy. There isn't much to say other than. Best place for yogurt.
4	I love froyo. I don't know why but I do. I've been to several different locations (CA/AZ) and all of them have been great experiences. The price varies however depending on the location. But usually it averages about $0.33-$0.45 per ounce. The inside decor usually is bright (yellow or green colored walls) and pink plastic chairs. There are at least 10 different flavors and 20 different topping options. I love fruit and mochi personally with original. The yogurt flavors are tarty and creamy without being overwhelming. I still think Pinkberry is the best, but Yogurtland is a very very close second.
5	Yogurtland continues to leave my palate pleased. What sets Yogurtland apart from the rest for me is the fact that they consistently change out their flavors and add entirely different ones to the mix, not just varieties of chocolate. Recently, I've seen Oatmeal, peanut butter and jelly sandwich and pumpkin flavors come to the store. I didn't entirely trust the peanut butter and jelly but I absolutely loved the Oatmeal and pumpkin flavors! The chocoholic in me always needs to add a little chocolate to it as well. Yogurtland has a wide variety of toppings to choose from and they do an excellent job of keeping the area clean. The pricing is about standard for the yogurt and I just wish they would provide smaller cups...maybe one day!
4	Very tasty and more reasonably. Priced than mojo. But....for my food-allergic toddler, no dairy free! ! :( had to load him up w/ fruit and candy. Alas. We got free kid spoons, too.
5	This place is delicious.  They even have special flavors throughout December to celebrate the holidays!
4	LOVE!So much cheaper than Mojo.Great flavors, and great toppings.
5	We were shopping at the Bass Pro Shop in Tempe and decided to go for ice cream to kill some time before dropping my parents off at the airport. I pulled out my iPad and 'yelped' ice cream. It brought up 4 options in the area and we chose Dairy Queen which was a few blocks away.As luck would have it there was no left turn onto Dobson and we ended up going East on the 202 the opposite direction of the Dairy Queen.  So I searched again and we came up with Yogurtland.  It wasn't luck after all but some ice cream higher power at work to bring us to our frozen yogurt oasis in Yogurtland.  Not only were the ingredients fresh and delicious but the price was reasonable as well. 5 of us each had a scrumptious & generously portioned sundae and our total bill was less than $20!We all enjoyed our selections.  One topping surprise was the Fruit Pebbles cereal my daughter put on her sundae.  The fruity crunch they added was delish!  Yogurtland was a home run!  Thanks For the Yelp!
5	Taro flavor?!  Fresh mangoes?! Mochi?!  Yes, yes, and yes, please!They even have the Sanrio cups and spoons now?!  Oh my!!  I love this place!
4	yummy to my tummy-Def. your local ASU hangout this place is always jammed packed! and for good reason this froyo place will not break the bank.. perfect place for a simple date or to take the kids too..
4	great frozen yogurt!!
5	Clean, friendly, they have a couple  of good sugar free yogurt to choose from. Creamy tasting. Ditto to the north Scottsdale store.
5	Yum yum!!!  That is the only way I can describe coming to this place.  My girlfriend and I have always enjoyed coming here, not only for the greatest flavors (red velvet is awesome!!!) but for their world class service as well.  We came here the other night and the machine happened to be out of my favorite flavor.  The associate let me know it would be about 5 minutes.  Of course, I could not wait, so I took this opportunity to try some new flavors instead.  After we sat down to begin eating our yummy desserts, she cam over with a small bowl of my favorite flavor told us both to enjoy it!!!  It's the little things that will always get you coming back to place forever. :)
5	Out of all the popular fro-yo places, Yogurtland is surely the best! I have never had a bad experience and come here often. The flavors are diverse and delicious! I personally go for any chocolate, graham cracker, pistachio or any flavors in that family. The toppings bar is also really fresh and always stocked with plenty of goodies! You can get anything from fresh fruit to candy to cereal to sauce. The staff is also very friendly and sample cups are always available upon arrival. Prices are reasonable unless you fill up your cup with a lot (like myself). For two normal size cups, my boyfriend and I usually spend around $10. Great location, right off the 202 inside a complex with In and Out and Starbucks. Overall, this place is amazing and I will keep coming back!
5	I have never really been a fan of frozen yogurt because I have always thought it wasn't as good as ice cream... until Yogurtland. They always have a lot of yogurt flavors to choose from so it is easy to find a flavor you are in the mood for. I am a fan of cake so the fact that I can find yogurt that tastes like Red Velvet cake, is fantastic! I think I enjoy the toppings just as much as the yogurt itself. How many ice cream places let you choose from a variety of toppings and not charge for each one? This is definitely the place i go if I want some yummy yogurt!
5	So, Monday was the second annual national frozen yogurt day at Yogurtland.  It was pretty crazy at this Yogurtland.  The line was around the building.  On the plus side the line was going pretty quick.     Two thumbs up to the staff at Yogurtland.  They did an amazing job keeping the line going and giving out samples.  The cool thing was that they had a DJ playing music outside the store.  When I got in the door to get my froyo, one of the employees told me to fill the cup has high as you can.  :)  So I added 4 flavors pretty high into the small cup that they gave me.  The flavors were red velvet, cheesecake, birthday cake and strawberry.  All I can say is that Yogurtland is my favorite froyo place in the world.  :)
5	Self-service pumps? If you are from the State of Oregon you may raise a brow to that notion, but here at Yogurtland that is what you get. You serve yourself whatever flavored treat you want, or even combinations thereof. Then you get to pick out any combination and / or amount of toppings to go with it. Your finished product, no matter how big or small is placed on a scale and weighed. You then pay for your ish by the pound and your life moves forward as planned. Simple right?? Yes.Things to keep in mind: This is a chain of many Yogurtland's sprinkled throughout the Country, and if you are lucky enough to live in an area that stays relatively warm year-round, then you most likely have a good selection of fresh toppings to choose from (blueberry's, strawberry's, raspberry's, bananas, grapes, etc..). If you live in a milder, colder climate then you most likely have to suffer through many months of "seasonal" toppings (cantaloupe, kiwi, etc..). Lastly, there is a new strawberry banana Greek yogurt (non-fat) which is amazing.
4	I like trying the rotating flavors, which are typically spot on or tasting like what they are named, and I always come back for the red velvet and the cheesecake. And even when I think I've piled it on, I end up paying around $3. Not bad for a snack. It's yummy, and I go here a lot. But I would go more if they were open later.
4	Love this place, it is great!  Love the different flavors of yogurt. You can mix the yogurts to create your own blend or stick with just one. There are lots of fresh fruit, candy toppings, and finish off with chocolate or whit chocolate sauce. Place on the scale, pay and  then enjoy. Great for a sweet end to a date and cool off. I'm personally a fan of the limited edition root beer float.
4	I never knew this yogurt thing was such a fad until someone pointed out all the shops popping up around my neighborhood.  So I decided to give this one a shot, and boy was I missing out!I've been here a few times and things are always clean, fixin's fresh and appealing, and cold yogurt tastes soooo good on a 110 degree day!
5	Very fresh fruit. Raspberries are to die for! Awesome employees too-- I am always up for this place because it never disappoints.
5	This place is always hopping, the biggest challenge often is finding seating for you and your friends. Store is always clean and I'm always amazed how little my creations cost. There is alwasy an occassion to visit.
5	Probably the best yogurt place I've been to. The yogurt was awesome and the toppings were even better! :)
4	The flavors and topping choices were great. If you control your pour and topping choices it is very affordable.  Beware, they have very large bowls to encourage you to take more than you really need.
5	I love this Yogurtland. We ride our bikes down the Green Belt a lot and stop here as a reward/treat to ourselves! The staff is friendly here and it's usually crowded but not in an annoying way. I like that they have lots of tables outside. Yum!
4	Every time I come here the employees are always so friendly and enthusiastic! You can really tell they love working there. The yogurt here is a great value. You can pack your bowl and it will be about $5. They change their flavors regularly. They are working in partnership with Looney Tunes therefore they have different theme flavors. I came one day and they had free yogurt!
4	Late night bar alternative for us political nerds and students.
5	I've been to many frozen yogurt places, and yogurtland is always the best. Their flavors are so real-tasting, never to sweet, and they always have the best ones. Can't wait to go back.
5	This has to be THE BEST frozen yogurt out there. Many flavors in rotation and many dairy and fat free.
5	Tons of froyo options to choose from! Cheesecake is by far my favorite! Fun spot to have a nice little date or girl talk ;) definitely stop by this location by ASU if you haven't had the chance to yet.
1	Another Yogurtland that failed in training their workers. The story is there is a new yogurtland app. After seeing the sign I Downloaded it to get pt's on my phone. When I came back to get my point... The girl at the cashier changed from when we first came in. In the beginning it was all smiles & hellos....Colorful yogurtland rainbows***then later when we had an issue... all the attitude came out. When i asked her for a receipt. She lied and said that we didn't ask for it. When it turned out my hubsss had it in his pocket!! niceeee....Then they brought their Assistant manager later who also lied to us. Saying we can get our return later online. "OHhhhhh hrmmm did they train me? I think you can click that link" Yeah, that's for filling out a survey totally unrelated. The whole staff here gets a bravoooo for all that acting. It really ruined the whole experience. With such noobs,  I'm not sure if i ever want to step foot in a Yogurtland again.
5	I love plain tart here. Nowhere offers a better taste of plain yogurt than Yogurtland even Pinkberry. Their fruits are very fresh. Friendly staff. Clean facilities. I love their pink spoons, so cute.
4	Yogurtland is pretty goodThe flavors are changed out more than any other froyo place aroundThe prices are also very cheap which is greatIn tonight's visit the froyo was good but just not great... Also the toppings were pretty dry and just odd tasting...  I have had several good experiences here though and it is a great spot for dates, hanging out with friends, and just to satisfy that froyo craving! I like the chocolate onesThere is a seasonal cinnamon apple cider that is pretty good :)
5	There is a little known fact that only very little people know, kids mostly, and I guess other people who like yogurt, but if you're bigger than little, I just won't count you. Yogurtland is the bees knees, and now that I let the cat out of the bag, everyone's gonna wanna go to Yogurtland. I should have just kept my mouth shut. :-/While Yogurtland isn't exactly my normal stop for yogurt, I just can't be 'in the area' without a quick stop in, they're definitely my favorite, best tasting froyo around the Phoenix area. I think my favorite here is peanut butter, but it's rare to see that flavor. There's generally always a new and different flavor and no one around here asks questions when you need to 'sample' all the flavors to land on the one you want to fill your cup with. :-)If you thought the little known fact was that Yogurtland is the best in town, you'd only be half right, check out studentinsider (*) com and you'll find a discount for not just yogurtland, but also a handful of different spots around the Tempe area. Just pop it open on your mobile phone and bam, you're in business. Happy Yelping Phoenix. Go eat some froyo!
5	Our favorite yogurt spot by far!  The staff is friendly, yogurt selections are great, toppings are plentiful, and you gotta love the awesome pink and green spoons! Lastly, no sample nazis here...unlike some other yogurt places ;)
4	Their yogurt is some of the best in town! They offer a variety of awesome flavors, all of which taste great. The yogurt has a really good creamy texture too. Yum.Unlike some other yogurt places, they don't limit the number of those cute little sample cups, which is awesome. I know its a minor detail, but it really does matter!!! After sampling a few, I went with the Irish Mint. It was so good!My only complaint, and I can see past this, is their topping setup was a little messy. Some of the bins I wanted to use were empty. Usually froyo places are on top of this. Anyway, this place is bomb!
4	Why are there so many of these self serve yogurt places?? And why did they all pop up around the same time, 4 or 5 years ago? Is the government tracking us through these places? If so, where did they get the technology to track people through froZen yogurt?Anyway, this place is good, just like all of the other ones you've been to on every major corner in Maricopa County. It's yogurt and toppings. Kind of hard to screw up.
4	I love Yogurtland, and this location is pretty good. They have lots of flavors and toppings. It can get crowded at night and they seem to run out of some flavors which can be sort of annoying. If you use your frequent buyer card or whatever though you can get your froyo for a super good price.
2	Disappointed last night when me and my husband chose to stop by Yogurtland just because they were on our way to the mall. Their flavors have a flavorless sugary taste. Cheesecake doesn't taste like cheesecake, green tea is far from green tea taste, Belgian chocolate was nothing special like you would expect when thinking of Belgian chocolate! .. etc We tasted a few and in the end my husband didn't get anything. I ended up getting the 2 tart flavors they have but they were not to die for.
3	No condensed milk = Yogurtland fail. And they need to refill toppings more frequently. Nothing kills excitement more than reaching the toppings station to find 1/3 of your options are nearly empty. Fortunately for Yogurtland, their actual yogurt is among the best and prices are pretty good.
4	I'm a big fan of self-serve yogurt places & Yogurtland is one of my favorites. The peanut butter & cookies and cream frozen yogurt are two of the ones I get pretty much every time & the guava sorbet is delicious ... hopefully a flavor that will be permanently added to the rotation! I have to give this place minus one star because although the frozen yogurt is good, I've found that some of their fruit toppings aren't fresh & there are other yogurt places that offer a larger variety. Get their mobile app to get offers such as 3oz frozen yogurt free or check in on yelp for a discount!
4	How It Works (for the Uninitiated): The layout is a bit counterintuitive. You walk in past the cash register and head to the self-serve machines. At the very end are the cups. Take one, fill it with as much yogurt as you want (or as much as your daily calorie count will allow you to have), and select your toppings. Working your way back to the front of the store, you will then place your creation on the Scale. A number will appear, and the cashier will decode this number into the price that you have to pay. It will probably be higher than what you expected.Tip: There are mini sample cups at the front so you can try before you buy. If it's crowded you can get your yogurt fix while waiting in line (or cut and run). I like to sample every flavor twice before I make my decision.The service: Despite its hotspot location next to Wingstop and across from Inn N Out, the employees are surprisingly nice. I have tremendous respect for the patience of the cashiers.The wait: Can be crowded on weekend nights. So crowded, in fact, that my yogurt had partly melted by the time I got to the cash register. On a Saturday night at 8PM, if there is no line out the door when you enter, something is very wrong.The Yogurt: There's a new "Tastes of the world" (Flavor Quest) line-up where they offer flavors from around the world. I tried the Dubai Vanilla Date Shake. While it wasn't weird enough for my tastes, it was reasonably good - not too sweet, not too tart, creamy enough. (My favorite flavors are the Toasted Coconut and Green Tea, not that it matters to you.)Is it Better than Yogurtology: The yogurt may not be as crave-worthy as the yogurt from Yogurtology, but it is very acceptable and the price is right. After all, Yogurtland is for everyone, not just Real Housewives.
4	Yash you rock! Really a nice guy... btw...he's not my friend :) ... They could do a better job of keeping the tables clean, and it would  be nice to see more sugar free flavors..
1	Don't get me wrong, I absolutely love Yogurtland.  In my opinion, they beat Mojo's and all the other yogurt places hands down.  They have more flavors, more toppings, fancy water (with strawberries floating in them), cool spoons, and yogurt prices that aren't too harsh on my wallet.  Also, I think they have a more ice cream-like texture but since it's yogurt, I can lie to myself that this might actually be healthier than the tub of ice cream I have sitting in the freezer. But all that aside, I give this location in particular, 1 star.So sometimes at the Tempe location, about half the yogurt dispensers are down. Fine, it's a high traffic location, machines need some care too. Whatever, I can deal with less flavors. Sometimes the toppings aren't stocked. Sure, I don't need any more than a scoop of this and a scoop of that.  Again, not a big deal.  Most of the time, the crew has yogurt stains on their shirts.  Again, whatever.  The machines are down, they need to be fixed.  Yogurt accidents are inevitable.  But this was the final straw.BUGS.  The tiny flying ones that love to swarm at you in the evenings.  The ones with green, translucent wings.  And other unidentifiable bugs that I just call gross.  On all of the toppings.  On the sneeze guards, on the spoons, in the toppings, on the fruits.So now I drive the extra 5 or so miles to the Scottsdale or Chandler location to get my Yogurtland fix.  I told you I love Yogurtland.  Just not this location.
3	Wanted a cool treat today so I came in. No greeting from the guy behind the counter, no explanation on how the froyo process works (no sample cups??). Beyond that the froyo was tasty and the amount of toppings were decent. They were low on several, but had enough for us. Overall I'd rather go to Menchies (better selection, more friendly), but this is closer so it's a second best.
5	I had visited Yogurtland near Chanfler Fashion Centre opposite to Forever 21 from far road. It's so yummy, I took some friends there they loved it too. I usually like Red Velvet Cupcake , Madagascar Vanilla, Cocunut,Cheesecake. I went to tempe location and Yash was very nice and polite in greeting. It's 2.60 $for 5 Oz and you can get your points added to your account too.
5	Why 5 stars. Because this place makes me happy.In case you are reading this and aren't a frozen yogurt regular. Yogurtland follows the similar concepts many other places have. You self serve your yogurt, add the toppings, and the price is based on weight. With that said, The toppings Yogurtland offers aren't as diverse as your Mojo yogurt, but the fruit is always fresh and there is a good variety. Where yogurtland wins hands down is with the yogurt flavors.They always have some seasonal passport game going on where every 2 weeks they introduce new flavors for a limited time, and these are usually better than the regulars! My favorites are, pistacho, cocunut, strawberry lemonade, and vanilla.I love this place.. but I am a frozen yogurt enthusiast!
4	The yogurt is consistently good. Some places you'll get a runny batch, or a batch that doesn't taste as amazing as the first time...not here. Taro is my favorite, but the rotating flavors keep it interesting. If you like toppings, they've got you covered (pun intended). Me, I'm a purist, but sometimes the strawberries and kiwis call to me.If only they were as consistent with the people who work here! Some of them you'll see wiping down spills, tables, windows, and other times you can't find a place to sit that isn't sticky while the employee behind the counter is busy texting!
5	Funny guy/cashier, yogurt was goooood . Fun dessert place after a meal. :) will come back for sure.
2	The yogurt is good. But the toppings here suck when it comes to fresh fruits. Just a lot of chocolate chips and cookies. It is a convenient location though so I keep coming back. I think Mojo yogurt is a better option.
4	Walked to Yogurtland  we saw the long line waiting in front of this ice cream parlor and, curiously, we decided to try it. Very distinctive and particular tastes, we tried the chocolate chip and it was really good. Certainly not the gelato we are used to the Italians, but definitely worth a taste.
1	I have gotta say, this yogurt place is probably the most tasteless I've experienced. As the froyo trend has spread across the valley, I know that I have tried just about everything. The yogurt is typically the same-tasting, but this place just didn't do it for me. The best part about the experience was the service, though!
5	I just LOVE great service!  Especially when it comes from young "kids" because it seems like our current teen to twentysomethings have no concept of this "customer service" I speak of...  I am a bit of a "Snottsdale" snob (was that redundant?) but I drive down to this Tempe location just for the great service and yummy treats and it never disappoints!  There is a closer Yogurtland to me in Old Town, but the service (or lackthereof), cleanliness (I am being sarcastic) and half stocked almost always out of everything selections (this parts true) keeps me from going there...
