1	I tried leaving a vmessage with the owner and one of his sales guys said he is the voice machine and I said i would call the next day. he told me good luck and hung up on me. I called back and tried again and he told me to "fuck off". I will never call these people again and worst service I have ever had in this industry!
5	Wow, Brandon and his entire team (thanks Stephanie and Scott) were unbelievable throughout the entire process.  Having purchased a few homes with my wife over the years this was by far and away the most seamless transaction we have ever been through.  Yes, it is typically stressful, but from the first phone call to the very nice gift basket everything they stated was 100% accurate....not only were we impressed, but our great title agent spoke very highly of them as they normally don't close loans early!  And no stress throughout the entire process as there due diligence and professionalism occurred every phone call or email.  We have already referred friends to them and will continue to pass along their information to any family member or friend.  I am great full to the residential real estate broker who referred us to them and you will be thankful to me if you choose to utilize their excellent service.  Thank you!
5	I have had the pleasure working with Brandon and his team on multiple occasions (new purchase, re-fi's) over the past few years and I simply cannot say enough good things about him and his entire team.  From first phone call to closing, we were proactively informed all the way through. No surprises. This is as easy and low stress as it gets.
5	We have had the pleasure of using Brandon and his team for our past 4 loans. He has always went out of his way to keep us informed, comfortable and happy during the process. At every step he goes above and beyond for his clients, something that is very appreciated when going through something as stressful as purchasing a new home.
1	Brandon, I do live in Southern California but called for mortgage in Arizona. I either spoke to you or one of your employees. Unfortunately, my description of the account is accurate and I will. It take down this post. I'm also fairly confident it was you I spoke with
