4	Calling all shoe Diva's...Listen up I just bought 3 pairs of boots for 132.00 Not to shabby huh?:)!!! I would have purchased more but my calves would not allow me to purchase the really cute boots with zippers!!!:( so sad huh?  A tip for you all, if you wear red into the store and you make a purchase you get 20% off woot woot:) you only have until February 5th so get on in there for the savings.
4	Take your time and look through the sales racks and you will find some great deals!  I truly appreciate one stop shopping with our busy lives!  Love the shoe department too!!
4	Really an enjoyable Macy's. not too big but has all your needs. Customer service is also good!
3	This Macy's is ok.  It needs a facelift.  Things are everywhere not too organized.  But the staff is super friendly.  Sales were pretty good.
3	Macy's has a lot of Christmas gift boxes / ideas, especially  on the cologne and perfume great gift ideas there the store is being decorated right now for Christmas all the employees I talked with  seem to be very helpful and knowledgeable about the product.
1	Worst customer service I have ever experienced. I had multiple sales reps walk right past me to ask how another customer was doing and if they had any questions or needed help. Not one person could ask me how I was doing, if I needed help or if I had any questions. Finally one girl around the benefit counter walked up and asked. I was able to ask my questions and make my purchase. Note: I work retail and know customer service. I also spent about 1 hour in the store and maybe talked to a total of two people. I also couldn't get any of the women working at the make up counters to notice me. But if any one else walked up, they were served.
4	Love Macys had really good deals during Christmas and everyday deals. But checking out needs to be more organized. I had to wait 30 mins to check out in the home department because one of the cashiers had to keep asking the other for help. Probably should do training on a weekday that is less busy.
1	"Never buy furniture from Macy's either from this store or especially on line. Once it is sold you will own it. Be aware they charge hefty fees to return and deliver the furniture The items online are not as they appear and the comfort of them is not worth trying them. Be informed neither store or online service will assist you and have no desire to help you once you have purchased even if you reselect other items they will charge you a hefty fee and not provide assistance if the piece is from an online purchase. At the very least make sure you see and try a demo of what you are buying from a store and never purchase online they will not help you in the store with online purchases and and vice versa. A store manager is never available to help with a problem as well. Macy's does not want to help you as a customer so I can say I will not return to Arrowhead Town Center for large purchase in the future. Sorry Macy's you do not live up to your name. Even Walmart treats customers better !"
1	We ordered two different sectional sets from Macy's and both were wrong.  One arrived with the wrong configuration and the other was clearly made from 2 different dye lots as the fabrics of the pieces didn't match.  Then, the delivery company of the 2nd set scratched our hardwood floors and refused to do anything about it.  The sales people were very nice, but all of the problems that happened afterwards were a nightmare and I'll never buy furniture from Macys  again!
4	Love shopping at Macy's with the coupons they send me. I can use them for on sale items and I always get a great deal.
3	I love Macy's. I have been to them all over. They have great specials and sales. This one is an odd one though. It seems forgotten and a little run down. It need to head over to a doctor in Scottsdale and get a face lift. The carpets are old and stained. It doesn't seem well organized. No kids shoes! I wish it offered more upscale selection. Overall, not my favorite Macy's store but happy it's here on the westside. It just needs some sprucing up!
