4	I'm a sucker for ooey gooey cheesy and meaty.  Go Las Pupusas.  Woot!Here's what went down in the tummy:1.  Empanadas - kinda sweet... maybe had to be in the mood for it, but for a hot summer day in vegas... that's no go2.  Enchiladas con pollo - swish!3.  Las Cumientes - fried platanos, frijoles, scrambled eggs and massive spoonful of sourcream!  4.  Dos Pupusas Revueltos (mixed) - frijoles, chicharone, and queso mix.  picture a quesadilla but all the edges are sealed and it's like a pocket of ooey gooey, cheesy goodness.  cut into it and the mixture oozed out.  chew it with the fresh corn/flour outer layer.  *eyes rolllingggg.  Do try with the salad mixture and sauce provided.
4	I just found a new favorite place to eat. It has been years since I had Pupusas so when I passed by this restaurant I had to stop in and give it a try. I ordered way too much unknowingly, but I'll happily eat the leftovers tomorrow. I had the girls with me and we ordered 3 revueltos Pupusas and 3 queso Pupusas and a cheese quesadilla. The Pupusas were like ooey gooey heaven!!! I liked the mildness of the queso pupusas, you could really taste the corn tortilla dough. The revueltos pupusas had a wonderful flavorful saltiness to it that was offset by the mild frijoles.  I tried a bit of the quesadilla and it was delicious too, the cheese was so creamy and milky like it melted in my mouth. To top this all off, the girls got to watch the cook make the Pupusas and cook them on the grill. I will definitely return here!!!
4	I had my first pupusas here that  I've ever had after reading numerous great things from fellow yelpers.  Wow, it's a bit different, and very good.  It's served with a side of their seasoned homemade shredded cabbage salad. I am going to go back again and try more things from their menu.   On top of it all you can watch the cook make the pupusas by hand and grill it, cool thing for first timers!  We had 4 pupusas 2 drinks for only 10 bucks and change. My revueltos pupusas was only $1.75 each, two of them and you'll be full.  They also ahave a mexican menu there if you don't feel like Salvadoran food.  The place gets fairly crowded during lunch and they haven't really been at this location very long. I'm thankful a Salvadoran place exists in N. LV. and you should be too! Good for them, good for us.... give this place a whirl.
3	I wanted something different for lunch, and as I searched, I found Las Pupusas behind Ruby Tuesday's.  The restaurant sign indicated that they served Salvadoran and Mexican dishes.  My wife and I seated ourselves.  Within a minute, the waitress arrive with menus and asked what we wanted to drink.  We both had brewed coffee at $1.50 each, with lots of refills, and lots of creamers.  The menu is interesting, with photo's of the various plates taking up 75% of the menu, and toward the back the menu with prices.  There is a window to the kitchen, and you can see the food prepared fresh.  We sat right there.  I'm a little disappointed in myself, I could have tried a Salvadoran dish, but I played it safe, and ordered Juevos Rancheros for $5.00.  The Juevos Rancheros had two eggs, over medium/hard, with fresh onions, bell pepper, and tomatos.  The plate also had refried beans (south of the border variety, no cheese on top), and sour cream.  Sour cream?  I'm used to getting corn tortilla under the eggs and ingredients, but that didn't happen here.  The food was good, and fair for what was paid.The wife ordered Carne Asada. The dish came with a huge serving of rice, beans, and a small Mexican style salad (lettuce, radish, tomato slice).  I tasted the Carne Asada, and to be fair, I'm never a fan of meat that is cooked brown all the way through.  The wife liked it.  I thought it tasted okay.  Her rice was so very delicious.  The meal cost $8.00, and it appeared to be a bountiful portion.Confession time. I didn't know wat a Pupusa was, but from my window view of the kitchen, they looked like they were deliciously prepared.  Next time, I'd try that.  The other customers loaded up on it.  It's probably the signature dish.One note:  the restaurant charges $.99 to use a credit card or debit card.  It's a mild annoyance, I'll come with cash next time.
5	Food was really good.  Prices were a little high.  I did not like that they charged an additional .99 to process Credit Card transactions.
3	I'd never had a puspusa. I heard meat, and cheese inside a corn dough and I was sold. We almost got the food to-go but when the husband spotted the grill with a window where you can watch them cook, we ate in the very front. We ordered 2 puspusas, a Carne Asada quesadilla to share and Nachos to share (yes, we were starving!) The puspusas weren't my husbands idea and he didn't want to try but after some nudging he gave in. And polished that thing off in seconds. It was pretty good. Plain, but after some dosing of hot sauce it was good. For a $1.75 what do you want?! The quesadilla was HUGE and the meat was great, however after a few bites, the puddle of grease under the 'dilla was a turn-off. it dipped like a faucet and WAY more than it should have. We stopped after a few bites because of the grease. The nachos were really good, but be prepared they are not "mexican" nachos. NO CHEESE. It really threw me off. They look really plain when they come, the chips were great but on them was only a meat.....not sure what exactly, some brown sauce (watery beans?) and sour cream. They were good....just DIFFERENT. It was filling, we left the whole grease-sadilla on the table. $14 for all the food which wasn't bad.
4	The popusas are good but the service is horrible.
4	After seeing the reviews on yelp I thought I would try this place on a night when my wife was away since she is funny about new places.  I ordered 2 mixed pupusas and they were good.  I would probably come back again.
4	Las Pupusas is pretty good stuff!  I don't eat a lot of Latin food because it tends to be heavy for me, but this place is little bit lighter than your average Tex Mex restaurant.  I had a bite of three different types of Pupusas, and at a $1.75 these are a must.  They were all good, but I particularly liked the cheese one with a little bit of hot sauce on it.I ordered the fish fillet from the menu.  It was around $8.95 or so.  The fish was good quality and tasty.  It had a light breading on it that wasn't too heavy or greasy, and had just the right amount of flavor without being too salty.  The beans were good, but I was really into the rice.  The rice was just a plain white rice instead of the yellow tomato rice that you normally get at a Tex Mex place.  Again, much lighter and less salty.  The food is just a step up in healthiness and quality in my book.  The service was top notch.  The waitress constantly refilled our drinks, and made sure everything tasted good.  Although I am still not a huge Latin food lover, I have to give this spot a 4 star review!  I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, but I can see this being a usual for work lunch.
4	Just walk in and sit down in front of the kitchen window, the waitress will be with you shortly............I ordered the fried plantains, crema, and refried bean plate with two pupusas.  Too much food for one person, the plantain plate is best shared with at least another person,  I ate pupusas dipped in the crema/bean sauce and ended up taking half of it home for later.  Great place, will come back soon
4	I wondered how they get the meat inside the Pupusa... until I went to this place.  They have a window to look inside the kitchen and watch the lady make the pupusas.  I was staring in amazement as she made those little pockets of tortilla goodness.  There were a few moments where I gazed into her eyes and expressed my fondness of how she so lovingly hand crafted the pupusas.  That day I fell in love with the pupusa maker...but I digress...This place looks like a fast food place inside - not too much atmosphere.  Good service except for the fact that I do not speak spanish, but I do pretty good with pointing at the pictures on the menu and smiling. The food... The pupusas are where it's at.  The rest of the food was just average Mexican food.  I have had pupusas at other places, but these were better.  They seemed to be bigger and had more filling.  I saw a guy eating what looked like chicharones... I am looking for those on the menu next time - they looked so good.This place is way cheap too.  You can get a lot of food here for your money!
5	The nachos are incredibly delicious!!! The chips were made fresh so it was really crispy. I also got the carne asada tacos which were also delicious. As for the pupusas I got the chicken n cheese pupusas and my sister got the pork n cheese pupusa. Both were really good but If I had to choose between the two, It would be the Pork and cheese!
3	I had no idea what a Pupusa was.  Boy am I glad I found out.  These not so little masa pockets of deliciousness are to die for.  Oh... and soooooooooo inexpensive.  My favorite is stuffed with pork and beans.  Now please keep in mind I am not talking about Oscar Meyer and Baked Beans.  Think Spanish/South American spiced pulled pork with those delicious re-fried beans.  NOW you have the idea.  I can almost eat two of these treats, but I ordered three because I thought anything that cheap couldn't be big.  Learn from me!!!!  :)  Also, much to my delight, they have Jarrito's soda pop.  A favorite Mexican treat for me.  I recommend the Mandarin.So why only 3 stars?  Well the "service" is friendly but far from "attentive"  Also, if you do not speak any Spanish you WILL struggle in placing your order.  I recommend using your finger and the menu if you get stuck.  Getting your food takes some time so dont be in a rush.  I would easily expect to wait 30 minutes between ordering and eating.  The experience is very inexpensive.  One Pupusa, one Jarrito's and tip will get you full and out the door for 5 bucks.  The grill is visible to the dining room so if you are curious, like me, you can watch these delightful treats being made.  Overall, i recommend giving them a try.  It's a nice change and a fun experience.
5	Las Pupusas has multiple locations around the valley but this one is my favorite. Besides a few dishes here and there, I haven't explored much of the Salvadorian cuisine. Pupusas, although, I have quite the taste knowledge in. Similar to Mexican gorditas, pupusas are thick tortilla corn pockets filled with different combinations of cheese, meat (pressed pork rinds), loroco (an edible flower, tastes like asparagus), zucchini, and beans. Rebueltas are the most popular (meat, cheese, and beans), my favorite are zucchini and cheese. This specific location is really nice because it's newer and very clean. They future a large glass display window there you can watch where the pupusas are being freshly made. They are served with curtido (pickled cabbage with oregano and other spices) which is delicious. What I really like about this location is that they cut the curtido in very fine Julianne, unlike other places that serve it super chunky. I've had their tamales, wrapped in banana leafs, but they lacked some serious salt. Don't be fooled, the horchata is very different from the Mexican one. To me it tasted like burned rice but they have many other drinks to pick from. Some of my favorites are Ensalada (fresh fruit water, tastes like pineapple and it has tiny bits of apple) or the famous Salvadorian soda Cola Champagne. Did I mention pupusas are very filling, delicious melted goodness and they are CHEAP?!?!
4	I have given Las Pupusas four stars almost completely based upon how amazing their pupusas are. I buy at least ten at a time to last me maybe a week. :P I have had less than stellar service at several of their locations but this one wasn't very bad. I would definitely reccommend the chicken, cheese, and bean pupusas, they come with this baggie full of red salsa that is perfectly complimentary and never overpowering. It also comes with a tangy slaw that I could eat by the fistful! Did I mention they are less than two dollars each and the size of my face?! Go!
4	love this place! my mother in law is from san salvador so i have really developed a taste for yummy pupusas! my hubby and i love coming here. they are friendly and the food is good. every time we come, it is just.....delicious!
4	Las Pupusas offers one of the best values in food: $1.75 per pupusa, with filling options that include chicken, cheese & herb, bean and cheese, and mixed.  Order two of these, which get served with a shredded lettuce salad and red sauce, and you have a really, really good meal for less than $5!  I haven't tried anything else on the menu (the pupusas are such a good deal it's hard to pass them up!), but I'm sure they will be just as delicious.  The kitchen has a big window that allows you to see all the prep and cooking taking place.  Food is made to order, so be patient as it's worth the wait.  For value and quality, I can't recommend this place enough if you're in North Las Vegas.
3	The name of the restaurant says it all. Their signature item (pupusa) is the best this place has to offer. Their standard pupusa comes with your choice of meat, beans, cheese, and herbs. However, you can also custom fill your pupusa and change it up a bit. For example, my wife orders hers with no beans. If you don't try their pupusas, you will be thoroughly disappointed because the rest of the food here is not good.For our late breakfast, I had the chorizo and eggs. The portion size was small, and the amount of chorizo in this dish was almost non-existent. Therefore, it was like eating scrambled eggs with chorizo flavored grease.  The dish also came with a side of beans which were runny- but tasted OK.  I used the plain pupusa as a chip and dipped them into my beans. My wife ordered the carne asada taco and was disappointed. The meat tasted funny, and the taco itself was not garnished with onions/cilantro, or salsa.  My three year old son had their plain cheese quesadilla and seemed to really like it. I don't think my wife and I will come back here anytime soon. As we were waiting for our food, we noticed the cooks in the back using their bare hands to touch all the food, dirty containers, and uncooked dough. Never once did we notice them wash their hands in the process. If you are going to have an open kitchen for everyone to see, you better run a clean operation. My wife is convinced the health department will shut this place down sooner or later. But in the meantime, give me two of them pupusas to go!
1	Where do I friggin begin? Well, I was on the north side of town with my hubby and family getting haircuts at our fave barber. I go next door for a pedi/brow wax and all is good. We stopped for lunch last weekend and decided to try this place since we liked the Henderson location last time. First impression....COLD. Literally and figuratively, that is. We looked on the wall at the thermostat and it was 61 degrees in the joint. WTF? It was 38 degrees outside! C'mon. Put out the money to keep your patrons happy and get some heat up in the hizzy. Next, we ordered a quesadilla plain, 2 pupusas, and some chorizo and eggs. No big deal right? Wrong. We had to send back the quesadilla, and they gave us one too many pupusas on the plate. When we mentioned this after her already having left the table, she took the plate back and re-plated with the correct amount of pupusas. Why did they take the extra one? Shouldn't that be the "oh sorry, have one on the house for the mix-up" type of offering? I mean, you would think they just threw it away back there, right?Maybe, maybe not. Now I will tell you about the cleanliness of the place. They need to be visited by the health district and take some classes on how to properly handle and store food. The masa they use for the pupusas is prepared by bare hands. I know this because I watched everything go down through their open glass wall looking directly into their kitchen. I saw the lady touch the handle of her spatula with her masa-soaked hands leaving it sticky. I then watched as the front register lady (who touches the money) used the spatula to flip a pupusa. Then the masa lady touched the spatula again and again. This is only one offense I will mention. I would have been more forgiving if I saw even one person, in the hour that I was there, wash their hands. The sink remained unused the whole time. No wonder my husband and I felt the afterburn an hour after leaving. You know what I'm talking about. Shame on you Las Pupusas.Avoid this place like Richard Gere avoids gerbils.
4	Food is made as you order it so its nice and fresh, BUT, be prepared to wait a bit longer than your order at Del Taco (but man is it worth it...)They obviously serve a mean pupusa if you didn't notice the name of the joint, and man are they amazing (and extremely well priced).
4	Good food. Never had a pupupas before, but would get it again. Service could be a bit better though.
2	Walked in did not know if I had to order at counter or sit down, cashier did not fully understand, thought I wanted take out.The room temp was 92 degrees according to the temp on the wall, so it was a bit uncomfortable. The openness of the kitchen was nice if your sitting in front of it, the menu was confusing most of the items are  in pictures & no prices until you turn to the back, trying to match up prices with picture was difficult. I ordered a el pastor burrito & diet coke. Food was served on a ungarnished plate with cup of sauce, The burrito was only meat witch tasted good and white rice no beans no cilantro, no tomato or onions, I  had to ask again for my drink I did not get, it came in a 12oz can I also had to ask for my check when I was finished servers need to be more attentive. Is probable I will not return!
4	The food here is delicious, everything is made fresh so the wait is long. Their only true downfall is their customer service, I hate dealing with them so I only carry out.
4	Its Salvadorian food NOT MEXICAN FOOD! Amazing Pupusas, very authentic. Friendly staff. Great value. Would highly recommend this place for some real Pupusas. They have a dine in area and a take out. Everything is made to order so it takes about 30mins for your order. Salvadorian Horchata is not the same taste as Mexican horchate, its much heavier and has a caramel flavor.
4	I come from eating the real thing in El Salvador, and their pupusas are pretty good.  The revuelta pupusas were better than the quezos, though the curtido (pickled cabbage) needs a little work.  I would go again to get my dose of El Salvador again.
4	This place is awesome! I like that you can see into the kitchen and the food is very fresh. Its a great place to go for a good lunch on a budget. Only thing i did not enjoy was the horchata, different taste than i am used to. But overall its great food, i will be back
4	Come here atleast once a week,  this place is great.   I'm very picky when eating pupusas,  These pupusas rock!
1	I was soo hungry, so i decide to eat pupusas and i choice this place but I KNOW THAT THEY TAKE TO LONG TO make THE ORDERS SO I DECIDE TO Call and place a ORDER AND PICK IT UP,  so i order 2 pupusas of chicharon and 3 revueltas i reaped to the waitress the same order 3 times to make sure she understand and after that she   told me to go in 30mins so i did when i got there i went to the cashier  to pay and instead of  5 pupusas she  wrote 8 pupusas and i told her i order 5 pupusas not 8 and i saw in her face a mad/rude expression so she changed the order to what i wanted so she told me the amount for 5 pupusas was 10.54 so i gave her 11 dollars  and she take it but she didn't give me my change back and the receipt, i decide to set in the table to eat there,and went she come back with the order , i talk her that i decide to eat in the table instead of take it togo,and she bring me some plates but she just trow them in the table and she walk away, i was wanted a drink cause inside of this place is really hot but she even ask me if i want a drink o no?? I was there 2/8/2014  1:30pm i didnt see the name of the waitress but she was soo rude/mad. And the pupusas were BURM from the botton side and the top side was ok, AND SINCE THE WAITREESS SHE BRING THE PLATES, she never come back in to my table!! For me  It was the worst service i ever had.
1	I enjoy the food at las pupusas and that is the only reason I am giving them a star. They have terrible customer service and need to hire more employees.  I have had 2 many bad experiences at this location, to continue to support them. I would have expected them to hire more employees after they relocated to a much bigger establishment.
1	This place level of customer service is a joke. New home same bad service. It's a shame because the food is good but the service No Bueno. Plus they need some help and training from the health district because the cashier is getting money and touching plates without washing her hands. They also need more waiters. Service at the new location was very slow and rude.
2	5 stars for food. 2 stars for service. Food has never been an issue at this location. The service, however, has been lacking each and every time. I have waited 30 minutes from time order was taken to time it was delivered to table. A third of the times I've been there, someone has actually come and checked on us after food was delivered. Each and every time I have to go to the cash register to pay because if not you will wait at least another 20 minutes to wait for your check. If you are dining in and order something to go, they wait till you go to the register to start cooking it. So if you waited for the check at the table and gave up, then went to the register and wait for your food, in total you are waiting at least 30 minutes from the time you are done eAting to the time you leave this place. They need more staff.  You would think moving to a bigger location maybe they would hire more staff, but no.
4	Went here once. They were good and tasty.
4	They have a new location, right across from the old location, the mixed Pupusas tastes great, prices are pretty good too, only complaint is the servers, they seem uninterested in your needs after your meal is delivered, which makes it an effort to get things like a refill
2	This place compared to other pupusa places was not that great the pupusas were dry & didn't have much flavor. We also had the nachos & the ground beef needed seasoning. They charge for water ?! Who charges for water . The servers didn't come around to check on us at all . I wouldn't recommend this place at all.
1	When you walk in you dont know if you set your self or order at the register. Terrible service
3	What can I say? I decided to give this place a try, though I was not impressed I was at least happy I tried it! We walked in and its a very casual sit yourself kind of place. Waitress brought us our menu and we hot two pupusas one herb and cheese the other pork and cheese. The herb and cheese was on the bland side and needed something to make it pop. We added some salt which helped but did not make it. Same goes for the pork and cheese, although more salty and savory from the pork it wasnstill missing something. Some hot sauce and some of thier tomatoe sauce helped it out. We then had pork deshebrada and the breaded shrimp. The menu was a little confusing as it had some good pics but no description to what they were. Anyway the plates came to the table and I must say that they give large portions and quality does not sacrifice.  Food was good, the shrimp was sweet and the breading was light and crunchy and had  some good flavor the bean were on the salty side but very good. The pork deshebrada was tender and flavorful, although I could have done without the green bell peppers but thats just a personal opinion. The pork deshebrada plate came with some tortillas although they were very thick and seemed undercooked from what I am used to but not bad. The meal also came with a cole slaw type dish that tasted heavily like oregano while not bad it wasn't my taste. Overall I give this place a 3.5 but the ratings do not go into fractions so three it is.
1	I just went here and I when I sat down the waitress just came and gave us the menus and didn't even say a word then walked away.. a couple walked in and she right away asked them what they wanted to drink when she hadn't even asked us, then 10 mins later she came and asked us what we wanted to drink and I ordered my food , my brother still needed a minute to see what he wanted then she came back and he just ordered a cheeseburger .. the waitress brought mine and my daughters food and we ate but my brothers food never ever came so I just went to pay and she even asked me about the cheeseburger so they knew about it and not once informed us it would be out soon or even checked on us .. I was so mad I just paid and left, didn't leave a tip.. it was poor service , they don't even care about their customers
5	I love to eat here! You can feed the whole family for very little, and their Pupusas are delicious. I also love the location, it's across the street from Craig Ranch Park so we will usually go to Las Pupusas after an afternoon of playing.
3	They get three stars only because the pupusas are really good and made fresh. I have not tried anything else in their menu. I came here in the morning around 10am and they were not busy at all, I placed an order to go, and I had to wait 30 minutes for my food. 30 minutes is just way too long for a restaurant that is slow. I honestly don't think they even checked if my food was ready until one lady noticed I had been sitting there for a while. Next time I will phone my order in and just pick it up.
2	I stopped in to pick up some dinner to-go. After walking in, hubby and I were very confused since they have no signs saying to seat yourself or anything pointing you to a place for to-go orders. The most confusing part was no employees in sight and no menu board?!?! There wasn't anybody else eating inside either, so I had to wonder if this place was really open for business or not. After a couple minutes a woman came out and asked asked if were were eating in or taking out, so I told her we wanted to place a order to-go. She handed us menus and we sat and looked it over. After only a minute she came back to take our order, but I told her we we hadn't been here before and needed a little extra time to look over the menu. She then comes back I swear less than a minute later and asked if we were ready. Ugh. I felt rushed which made no sense since there were no other customers. I just went ahead and ordered some things that caught my eye.Bean and Cheese Pupusas ($1.95) - The price was great, but not the taste. I wish I tasted more beans and cheese inside instead of the pasty corn flavor this one had. Al Pastor Taco ($1.95) - I enjoyed the taco and they were generous with the fillings, but it tasted more like chicken and certainly doesn't stand up against some of the other al pastor around town. Fried Plantains ($2.50) - Yum! This was the best part! I really enjoyed the nice sweet flavor.The lady who helped us was friendly, but pushy about getting our order taken. I really feel they need to put a menu board up and some signage showing customers if they should seat themselves etc. Price was on point and the plantains were good, but everything else was a miss for me.
5	I have eaten here many times the food is great! My food has always came out on a timely manner and I had great service and the prices are very  reasonable This a predominately Salvadorean restaurant so if you never had it bring someone with you that's had it before so they can guide you. Other wise pupusas revueltas or mixed pupusas are great pork meat cheese and beans stuffed into a masa (corn dough) that is made to a fat tortilla then grilled. That's what they specialize in. BTW the tortillas that are served with their meals are going to be thicker their supposed to be so be open minded and enjoy, don't expect traditional Mexican or a burger cause this is not the place for you.
2	Great Food, Terrible Service I had placed my ToGo order at 10am this morning. I ordered 6 papusas. The woman who took my order said 20 mins. So by 1030 am I arrive at the establishment. I walk to the counter. No one greeted me or asked if I needed assistance. At least 3 "servers" walked by me. Another customer came up and she was helped right away. After she was helped one of the servers who kept walking by me asked if I needed anything. (This was about a 5 minute span). I told her I ordered ToGo. Gave her my card and apparently she didn't know how to work the machine because it took her another 5 minutes before she called someone else over. After I got back my card, I asked if my food was ready. She said no. I said why not? I called you at 10 and it's almost 1050. You quoted me 20 minutes, why isn't it ready. Then she said we are busy. She didn't even ask me my name of the order. Another server came up to me and asked me my name. And when I told it to her, she said it is ready, here, and shoved me the food. I have worked in the food industry for a long time and they have terrible customer service there. I wouldn't eat here again because of the service I was provided.
4	Always good papusas, always takes a few mins to be served due to them hand making them and cooking fresh when you order. So come when you have some time to spare.
4	The food here is delicious and fairly priced. I always order an assortment of papusas and the fried platanos. Also, they're ensalada beverage is refreshing and to die for! They also have other appetizing items on their menu that are worth the try. However, the wait time for the food can be long. If you're in a rush or in a the mood for a quick meal, I would suggest going somewhere else. If not, enjoy the food.
2	Yelp has it right on the money as in it is a 3.5 stars, the food was excellent but the service sucked! I tried both the pork tamale and the pork chilli, while it was very good the service was just terrible. We never were offered salsa or anything of that nature. I will probably go back but will expect the terrible service. Service is the only reason they are getting a 2 star over a 4 star as their was a dirty table.
