4	This place just opened up three weeks ago and man it is great.  Don't be too intimidated by the place because they are still fixing it up.  Its best described as a start up sports bar.  The prices are pretty good for a new place.  It sits right on the corner of 83rd ave and has a little dirt lot outside.  We got the hot wings which were very good.  The sauce is homemade with a kind of smoky/southwest spicy taste to them.   They were very good!  The bar serves drinks that are tall or short.  The drinks were pretty good too.  Bartender very knowledgeable.  The staff is very friendly they have plenty of hopes for this place.  My only complaint is the crowd.  While I was told that this place will start to have a DJ and Live band it seems like the crowd here is very diverse like it is fighting as to what type of people will take over this bar and grill.  If you are heading to westgate this is a great pre drink spot as the drinks are very cheap!  I would recommend this spot to anyone wanting to try a new bar and see the hard work and effort it takes.  This is a great place and has plenty of potential to be awesome.  Check it out its worth at least one drink.
1	I visited Sammy's this past Sunday. My first impression was that it was a good place to watch sports. I was pleased that they offered Pepsi products and told the bartender that I was the designated driver as I ordered a Diet Pepsi. My friend and I went to one of several open tables.It was a typical dive bar with great televisions. The wings were very good and our bartender was very attentive. Sadly, the waitress who came on midway through the first games completely ignored our table. My friend and I had to get our own water. I was appalled when a man (presumably the owner, who should know better) walked in smoking a cigar. The stench alone was enough to turn my stomach.I was further appalled when I saw that I had been charged for my soda and the few refills I had. Really?? Very few bars actually penalize the designated driver by even charging for one soda, much less charging that person for refills. At $2.25 each, it would have been cheaper for me to drink beer. If she had been kind enough to tell me that refills were not free, I would have ordered water as a refill. I'm surprised they don't charge for that (and they probably would if they could). I did express my surprise to the bartender and she said she had to follow the rules. Hopefully this review will have the owner revising those rules.All in all, I will not go out of my way to go to Sammy's. I know of many other great sports bars (dives and nice pubs) who seem far more appreciative when I spend my money. Hopefully the owner will extinguish his cigar before walking through his pub. And hopefully he will revise his policy of giving a designated driver a free soda for being responsible and driving drinking friends around the valley.
3	In transit to or from Westgate, you have probably overlooked Sammy's B&G. It's a relatively new bar, with a diverse crowd that I cannot pigeonhole. No really, you'll find everything from 21-year-old floozies warming up to the bar scene, to old bikers rolling in with chains and leather jackets.Most everything at this place screams "Mediocrity!" The food is nothing special. It's the same greasy stuff you'll eat anywhere after downing a few drinks. The DJs aren't playing much outside the garbage you're already hearing on some trendy radio station. I appreciated the live music they had one night...even if it was just an average bunch of stoners playing average reggae covers.But if there's any redeeming factor, it's the price of the drinks. Even on a Saturday night you can get a pint and a well for $5 (2.25 and 2.75, respectively), and I think that's just awesome. Even though everything about this bar is middle-of-the-road, you're gonna love your bar tab at the end of a drunken night.With regards to the managementSammy's has the potential to be a lot more...once it figures out what it wants to be. There's even a sign on the jukebox that says "NO rap, NO heavy metal until 8:30". Pair that with being pestered about my age after drinking there several times, and I can tell the owner does not want this to be an oasis for thirsty twentysomethings. Give it a chance anyway and enjoy a few--your wallet will stay full.
4	I'd say this... Sammy's is what you'd expect, except, a little more!  I did not order food, as we were not there to eat.  However we did enjoy pitchers of cold draft beer... what kind you ask?  I can't remember... and the reason for that is because it was so cheap!  Especially when you consider the fact this place is within walking distance from Westgate.  The DJ was pretty lame, and the clientelle was very diverse, however there was no "overly loud" music, no sloppy drunken girls dancing on the bar, and no bouncers walking around treating people as if they dont belong there.  This place is very welcoming, and the outside seating area is like a little oasis, surrounded by tall shrubs, you would not know you are right on the corner of a busy road!  Bravo Sammy, I say keep going strong with the cheap beer, everything else will fall into place.
4	Love Sammy's to enjoy a pitcher of beer and my most favorite wings in the valley!  Love the outdoor patio with fireplaces and the heat lamp you can compare to a solar flare.It is hit or miss on the service. It is a gamble when it comes to cocktail waitresses.  The bartenders are always good though.
4	I live in a nearby neighborhood and appreciate the location of this little bar. There is a welcoming patio in the rear of the bar complete with fire pit and heaters over the table for when it is cool out. They have one pool table and a Golden Tee game. The waitress is always friendly and they never mix up my drink order. Pitchers run about $7.50. People rave about the wings and they have the standard bar grub.
1	I dont understand what people are talking about this place sucks.. The waitress messed up our order..bud lite bottle and came back with a jack n coke..really ?..i know just another dirty dive bar not moving in the right direction.. . Sorry won't be back.
2	I finally found a bar in my neighborhood with a patio for smokers and now they are closed. RIP
4	CLOSED - I can't tell you how depressed I am that this place shut down.  Looks like a dive from the outside but is (or was) a pleasant surprise inside.  Pool table, tvs, outdoor patio, DJ on the weekends, super friendly servers, cheap drinks, good food, and great specials!  Bring Sammy's BACK!!!
1	Drove by this place on Sunday morning and it looked as if had been abandoned years ago. The only reason I bother to try this place were because of the great reviews posted here, but I wouldn't believe a word they are saying
