4	I'm biased when it comes to the Y since I've been a member off and on since 2000. I've been lucky whenever I've signed up with the YMCA that I've been able to get good deals such as having the sign up fee waived and so forth. The Chandler/Gilbert YMCA in particular has grown quite abit. At one time the facility was quite small and limited with the amount of free weight facilities as well as their machine weight selection but now it has been expanded to fit two large rooms with a good selection of stationary bikes, treadmills, and elliptical machines. This location is smaller than other YMCAs in the valley because of this you get to know the trainers and the front desk staff a little more to the point that they know when you usually come in and greet you on a first name basis. It's a little weird at first but after a while being greeted with a smile, a hello, and them saying your name is a comforting exchange. The facility hours are not that great on weekends since on Saturdays, they close at 6PM and on Sundays at 4PM but that's the advantage of a YMCA gym membership and that you're not limited to the facility you signed up with, you're able to use your membership at other Y locations, for me that is the Tempe Y or the Ahwatukee Y. So if you'd like that community feel gym where you're not treated just as a customer but as an actual member worth remembering, the Chandler YMCA or the YMCA in general is good for you!
5	I LOVE THE YMCA!!! I don't go to the gym to get a date, a haircut, a tan, a smoothie or any of that jazz. If you want that stuff go to a salon, not the gym. If you need to be working out amongst the beautiful people, then the Y is probably not for you. But if you are looking to get healthy and strong for a reasonable monthly fee...then the Y should be your gym! My favorite things about the Y include but are not limited to: 1. AWESOME Group Exercise classes - Body Pump, Cycle, Zumba, Pilates, Yoga etc... 2. The instructors are phenomenal! They make an effort to introduce themselves to new people, take the time to instruct on proper form, and really go out of their way to be friendly and make everyone comfortable. They're not the typical skinny 20 year old in a leotard screaming at everyone to push it harder while most of the class is about to go into cardiac arrest. Plus, most of the instructors have stayed the same in the three years that I've been going to this Y. Low turnover usually indicates a quality place of business and a better experience for the members. 3. The members are great! I'm 'young-ish' but I appreciate diversity. I don't like working out at a gym where it is all college kids or all soccer moms or whatever. The members come from all walks of life and are all ages and levels of fitness. There is a lot of respect and courtesy amongst the members that you often don't find at other gyms. 4. The Y gives so much back to the community! I love knowing that the dues I pay help subsidize other members that might otherwise not be able to go to a gym or participate in sports programs. Every year there is a Strong Kids drive to raise money for youth sports programs. Athletics are a great way to raise kid's self esteem and keep them out of trouble. If their out there on the soccer field then they can't be robbing my house or smoking. 5. There is a lot of flexibility in being a Y member. Different Y's have different programs and classes, so when I'm in the mood for a change, I just go to another Y. The weight room is not vast but I don't think I've ever seen anyone waiting for machines. The hours might be a bit limited for someone who likes to work out really late at night, but I like to go to bed early so it's not a problem for me. I'm not a mom but I know that they also have a day care and I never hear or see screaming kids, so that's always a good sign. Anyone who is looking to get in shape in a welcoming and fun environment should definitely consider the Y!
5	I have been a member of several local gyms including Lifetime Fitness, LA Fitness, etc. I'm not from this area, so I was looking for a good place to exercise without distraction in a good environment. I signed up for the Chandler YMCA about 2 months ago and love it. It's an older facility but has a good vibe going, many people seem down to earth and just do their own thing. You don't have meatheads grunting on the weight machines or soccer moms chatting it up everywhere. I don't get distracted when I work out and feel comfortable. Also, theres a good selection of exercise equipment and NEVER too many people in the room at the same time. Good place to work out.
4	The Chandler/Gilbert Y was my first experience with the YMCAs and I love it.  This place it clean and they have brand new equipment.  The gym itself is tiny but you can still get a great workout.  My favorite class at the Y is Body Pump.  I don't think I would have ever checked out the Y but I am glad I did!
2	Not a fan.Just cancelled my membership. I signed up originally because of the youth programs and because it's within walking distance to my house.The facilities themselves and staff are not the problem. I actually had good instructors for the classes and the equipment was in great shape and it's clean.My problem is that it is way overpriced. Maybe in order to subsidize the low income members that go for free? I don't qualify for financial assistance so for $25 more, I could have a membership at Lifetime Fitness with every amenity under the sun for crying out loud. I think also because of their pricing structure, you get a lot of sketchy members going there. Also, the main reason I signed up was for the youth programs, none of which are offered at this location for my kids ages (3 and 5) I guess because it's one of the smaller ones? If you're single and low income or a student, it's a phenomenal deal. But families don't have access to many of the amenities and kids programs at this location and would be better off at one of the larger YMCA. Even at those you'll still pay out the wazoo if you don't qualify for financial assistance. Just not worth it for me and my family.
4	Can't speak to the other services the Y offers but the gym is well equipped and up kept. Staff always greats you on your way in and out. Good place to get a work out in.
4	Another great YMCA location. A little more spacious fitness center than Tempe and Ahwatukee YMCA, plenty of cardio equipment. As is standard in these gyms, only one squat rack. You'll find the battling ropes, ViPR and the TRX stuff for those fitness gadget junkies out there. My favorite thing about this place? The group fitness classes! Best out of all the locations I've been to. First of all, can we talk about their dance studio? It's HUGE!  If you think Ahwatukee's is nice, please let Chandler-Gilbert change your mind. It would be perfect for a Zumbathon.Speaking of which, Erika Ojeda's 5:45 Friday night ZUMBA class is what kept me coming back. Erika is my all-time favorite Zumba instructor, and I'm SAD she's no longer teaching this class (she's expecting a little one, AWW)! However, I've done several classes with Kim and she's one badass instructor. Keeps everything high energy, so WELCOME, Miss Kim! Look forward to your class. :) If glorified dance parties aren't your thing, maybe Cycle will be. Cecelia teaches a high intensity class! Haven't been in a while, but always had a lot of fun with this one. Really wish this location would bring back Cecelia's Express Cycle class. 30 minutes instead of an hour, PERFECT for your lunch break. Only twice a week, gets you out of the office and off your lazy bum. Keep up the awesome work, Chandler Gilbert team!
1	I can't even begin to describe the horrific experience I just had trying to enroll my 5 year old in their summer camp. I spent 40 minutes registering, filling out paperwork, trying to get my questions answered and being thrown around and around and around. I waited in line 5 times, was never acknowledged until I begged someone at the desk to help me, couldn't get any of my questions about swim lessons during camp answered, "uh...just pick one." but you have one during camp, so which one is it, um...it's whatever one you want it to be. NO IT ISN'T!!!! don't pretend to know the answer if you are going to make up some bs. Paperwork says you pay a $25 deposit for each week which is already pretty steep. What the paperwork doesn't say is that you pay a $35 registration fee, a $15 shirt fee, $25 for each week AND 4 weeks upfront. um...what? so I'm ready to pay my deposits and everything and the girls says, okay your total is $770!! what?!!! My kid is a foster kid, I'm a single mom are you kidding me? $770 for the sign up fee? WTF? I asked the girl to show me where it says that on the paperwork, she said, oh it doesn't the camp director just decided that's what you will pay. she just decided? how the eff do people afford that? I said, seriously? she goes, I know, right? so...so what? you people are dumb. What kind of ignoramus do you have working the front desk? I asked when school started so I knew how long I wanted to keep her in camp, the girl said, "I'm not in school, so I don't know." you are running summer camp registration, you better know when school starts. Well since you couldn't answer a single one of my questions, why should I expect you to know that? I finally fork over the money to get away from her and ask where to go, she says "the gym." are you kidding me? it's the ymca, the entire place is a gym?!!!!!!!!!!!! I walk down 1/2 mile of hallway with 20 rooms, and I see no kids anywhere. I have to go back to the front again. wait in line. AGAIN. the guy hustles me up and said go back to the gym. I said, "look, we have never been here we don't know where we are going, can you please just help us?" He said, end of the hall. Thanks jerk. YMCA I'm calling you now to cancel this bs membership. I hate you and you have ruined my opinions of YMCA everywhere.
5	Thank you so much, LIZ BURNS!!! Liz was kind enough to let me use her Friday Friend pass for her Zumba class and it was amazing! She really got you to work up a sweat and feel like you got an amazing work out! I wish I didn't work days just so I could go to her class more often! Thanks again Liz, you're amazing! :D
5	I took a swimming lessons with Sean. It was the first time in my life that I swim (26 years old), and it was very good experience. Sean is awesome, thanks to him I overcome my fear from water and start swimming.
4	Fairly nice YMCA location. I've been visiting from out of town and didn't know if I could use my Indy-based membership while out here. I called ahead, and the guy I spoke with [a Hoosier native himself!] was friendly. I was a little confused upon arrival where the entrance was since there is no explicit sign that points you towards the main doors. I'll have to bring my swimsuit next time since this location has a pool!The front-desk girls were nice, but seemed a little air-headed, uninterested in their job. I assumed [my error] the girls would walk me around the Y since I've experienced that before at other Y's, and I plan to visit the Valley quarterly per year. Not the case - I had to flat out ask one where the main workout area was after just being pointed in the general direction. Maybe I caught the two girls on their off-day?
