4	My girlfriend's 4 year old son needed some shoes for activities (basketball, bike riding, playing, etc.)  On a boys night out, we stopped in here to buy an affordable pair of shoes for him to go crazy in.  I haven't been to a Payless in years and was really surprised with the selection, quality, and service.  Right away a lady there greeted the little one, took his measurement and gave him 2 stickers!  We found a perfect pair for 20 bucks and he was ecstatic!  After a quick transaction at the counter we were done and on our way.  Until he gets into being more competative at an older age, this will definitely be our stop for shoes the little one!
4	I don't shop at Payless often, but I was in the market for some flip flops so I figured I'd give them a shot. When I walked in the cashier was extremely friendly, greeting me warmly and then telling me all about their special sales. I perused their shoe selection and didn't find anything to my liking but I was impressed by the customer service at this location.
5	I haven't been in a Payless Shoesource for quite sometime, I needed something quick and easy but didn't want to go to Walmart.  There was only staff member there but once we opened the door, despite her back towards the front door, she greeted us with a smile.  She was friendly and very sweet. It wasn't very busy, there was a guest ahead of us, we got what we needed and left.  It was a good experience, I'd go back for footwear essentials if I needed something, rather than going to Walmart!! :)
3	As a teacher I like to have a variety of styles of shoes in my closet but I don't want to spend a lot of money so Payless is my go to store for work shoes. This location is a lot larger than some of the others which is nice. The staff is pleasant and friendly and they do their best at suggestive sales. i usually end up buying a bracelet or pair of sunglasses while I wait in line-again inexpensive items so I am not worried about losing or breaking them. I would say sign up for their rewards program to get special offers/discounts.
2	Sign says open at 9am, it's now 9:30 and I am going to GSW because some one had not opened the door
