4	I've never been to a pottery painting place before, but a friend recommended something new to do on a Saturday afternoon. They took our last-minute reservation and BONUS, there were no birthday parties or rugrats that afternoon. When you walk in, you see a wall of unpainted pottery choices. I decided on painting my own wine goblet. The staff were very helpful in explaining the process to newbies like myself. I wanted to paint cherry blossoms on my goblet, and when I shared my idea with Maci she was extremely helpful giving me one-on-one tips to create my own. My friend wanted to create a polka dot design and they were out of circle stickers, so Maci offered to hand-cut exactly what she wanted. They recommend planning to spend at least an hour, but because my friend and I are type A perfectionists with no artistic inclinations we found we needed 3 hours. Luckily, if you make a mistake on your ceramics, they can rectify your mistake with a careful erasing technique, a wet q-tip.Once you have finished, they glaze your pieces that are ready to be picked up in 2-3 days.  As You Wish is a reasonably priced place to go to create an art piece.
5	I love going here! The service is outstanding and it is a great way to paint away my stress. Check it out. Often times you can get a coupon for discounted studio fees online or on Facebook.
3	Great concept my nephews requested I take them there when I was visiting from out of town. We really had a wonderful time, I just wish the staff was a tad bit more friendly for the amount of money we paid for being there. I get it, its annoying explaining how the process works for each person that walks through the door but, I never done this before so I was asking questions.. seemed the employee was a little frustrated which was annoying. But, I stuck it through because that's what my nephews wanted. Other then that this place was fun for adults and the kids. Very therapeutic, quiet and allowed your inner creative side to shine through. Great amount of colors to work with and supply. I would do it again with them but, hopefully the person at the front desk could smile more often!
5	I have many wonderful memories here. When I was in college, I would stop by here and paint for hours. It's a great place to make a unique gift for a parent. I found myself, 10-years-later, bringing my niece here. Both of us had a great time, just like I had before. Not much had changed...find a piece, get some paint, have fun, and three days later it is ready for pick up. I highly recommend reservations. It's a great place for a party of 4-6 (probably more than that would be too big to visit while painting). You can bring in your own drinks and snacks. There are plenty of eateries nearby to accommodate. Check their website for deals. I came on New Year's Day and unknowingly got the perk of $4 paint fee, rather than paying the regular adult rate. They charge per piece and then a flat paint fee (not per hour). You can plan to spend approximately 1.5 hours here. If you haven't let your creative side out for awhile, treat yourself to an afternoon here.
1	Not happy with their service. Telling people that their product will be trashed after 21 days could be helpful.
4	This is my go to spot for family gifts and for my son to have some fun using his imagination and artistic skills. 2 birds with 1 stone. People get gifts and my son for to make em. Fun place. Can be crowded at times but worth it. Grab whatever you want paint it and turn it in and come back in a few days and pick up the fo dished products. Perfect gift ideas
