4	We have been to this pumpkin patch 3 years in a row now.  Our daughter loves to play in the jumpy house and decorate her own pumpkin see the animals and go on a hay ride.  The ride is a very long one and is open 9am to 9pm.  In the evening though there isn't enough lighting around the farm when they drive around and is very dark.  It would be nice if it was a lit up so the kids could see the farm around them even if it is late.  They have a snack booth and face painting and they sell a lot of goodies for Halloween.  They sell little chicks too.  They have their own parking lot and have porta johns it's a great place to start a family tradition.
2	This is a place for kids. There is very little to do for them though... the Phx zoo is a much more entertaining spot to take the little ones.
1	First we get there with a coupon on my iPad for a free adult. We hadn't printed it out to save resources but was told by the lady it will not be honored unless it is printed out (even though it is stated no where on coupon) ok fine.  Paid for 3 adults 3 kids.  Said we would be keeping our 15 month old in the stroller the whole time since he does not walk yet.  She was very rude and stated if we didn't want to pay we could go elsewhere.  She was an older cranky woman who probably should not be working with kids.  There was not a lot for the kids to do once inside.  Jumped on the jump house (which was super dirty and sticky) for about ten minutes, picked a pumpkin went on a hay ride and left,  we had to stretch it out to last an hour.  Definitly not worth 30 bucks!  Take your business elsewhere where they treat their customers with respect and respect the environment.
4	My four year old loved it here; it was perfect for his age.  He got to pick out and decorate his own pumpkin, go through a hay maze, get his face painted, go on a hay ride, run around, and see lot of animals.  They are open from 9am to 9pm so it was easy for us to find a time to go, and the entrance price was the best I've found.  The downside: older kids would probably find it boring as it seems to be geared to younger school aged children.  We will be going back next year.
1	We took our 2 kids (2 & 5) here-which it's definitely geared more for the younger kids-and although it accomplished what we came for, I wasn't a fan. At $7 per kid (which includes a small pumpkin and foam stickers to decorate it) and then $3 per adult (basically just for a hayride), I feel it was extremely overpriced. Sure they have a bounce house for the kids but it's absolutely nasty inside, smells, and is disgustingly sticky. The hayride wasn't too great either-it took us around the perimeter of the 'farm' which included great views of old rotting hay bales, the industrial buildings right next to the farm, and an abundance of garbage strewn about like buckets and trash. The food stand they had was swarming with bees ('don't worry, they're honey bees' one of the workers said-doesn't matter to me, I dont want it walking around on MY food!) and their selection consisted of hamburgers, hotdogs, slushies, water, typical kids stuff but WAAAAYYY overpriced. Needless to say, we didn't buy anything but bottled waters. They have animals on this farm too, but not a huge selection. One cow, a couple sheep, goats, chickens, and pigs. Nothing at all like I'd expected. It's not an actual 'petting zoo' but you can pet them through the bars...all but the nasty pigs which are in a horribly ghetto pen but there's no where to wash your hands afterwards. Oh yeah, the bathrooms consist of 2 port-o-potties. NOT something I'd want either of my kids going in! Literally the only thing I semi enjoyed about this place was the store that they force you to walk through to get into or out of the actual farm. It had a lot of nick nacky stuff for Halloween along with different canned goods. I must say I picked up some apple butter and it's beyond amazing! Only thing is they don't make it there-thank GOD-and in retrospect, could have picked up some from a different store for much cheaper. We wont be back-we'll find somewhere else to go next Halloween.
5	I loved this place. We went for the pumpkin patch and there were plenty of pumpkins to go around.  The concession stand was reasonablely priced, I think it was like $2 for a hot dog.  The PhX zoo charges over $5 for a dog and maybe some chips.  To the people who comapred the farm to places like the zoo or indoor amusement centers, keep in mind those places charge alot more than $3-7 per person, and they are a completely different thing.  As for the person from CA, seems very arrogant to come in with an iPad expecting them to honor the coupon that way. Not everyone can afford  ipads, and mobile payment is still pretty new, this is a down home farm, not Starbucks, so that is like asking for special treatment.   And I certainly don't know why you would expect not to pay for a kid over 1. My kid didn't walk till she was 15 months either, but I didn't think that bought me special treatment either.
3	Decent for a "farm" located in town - though a little pricey for what you get. The larger east valley farms put on much more of a spectacle. This is good for children under 7 I suppose. Oh, and someone save those poor chickens that have been stripped of half their feathers!
2	Just not that great.  I can appreciate what they are trying to do but really it is just a dusty, understaffed farm located off a major road.  It isn't very pretty to look at and it is very simple.  Seems they put more effort into the gift shop area then in the experience.  If you are looking for something moderately priced to do with children under 10 to celebrate the Halloween season... and you live somewhat close by... it might be worth the experience.
1	Marti L.'s review is spot on.My husband and I took our kids last year, they were 2 and 4 at the time. I'm writing this review now after being reminded of this place by my sister in law who wants to have her son's bday party here.First, the pics on the website are totally misleading.Basically, older kids will be totally bored, it is overpriced, the bounce house was FILTHY, the "petting zoo" was a bunch of creepy reptiles that looked like they weren't supposed to be there. Seriously, a crocodile with its mouth taped up with duct tape? My kids were terrified! And I was concerned about the health and safety of the animals.The normal animals you would expect to see are kept in pens around the periphery and you cannot pet them. You wouldn't want to anyway. The animals and their pens are filthy. The "hayride" was the worst part. It takes you around the edge of the farm where you get a view of garbage piles and neighboring buildings.My kids did enjoy decorating the pumpkins, although it consisted of just sticking foam stickers on the pumpkins.Won't be back.
4	Been here several times, like the smaller feel of the farm for my toddlers, always have a great time!
1	This is the second time I have entered Mother Nature's Farm. Last year, took my 3 year old and 8 month old girls, this year we are all a year older. To start, my girls have no interest at 18 months in bouncy houses, stickers, hay bale mazes, or hay rides. We were there to accommodate the big brother. Despite that, the entry fee is $10 (YES! TEN DOLLARS) per kid over 1. Really??? So, the fact that we had a deal with a friend who had a field trip rate of $5 per kid and $3 for parents is the ONLY reason we continued in. Went to check out the animals where some of my friends were which was convenient because it was right next to the porta johns and unfortunately, nature was calling me to use one. Oh. My. God. DISGUSTING. I have never seen anything more revolting than what was inside there. The sign on the door that showed the inspection showed that no one had been there since 10/8. Today is the 11th. Unexceptable.So, the good part is, my son got his hayride (the girls cried the whole time and I struggled to hold them as we sat), he had fun with friends in the bouncy house, stuck some stickers on a tiny pumpkin, and zipped through the hay maze a few times. So, for him, $5 well spent. I think $10 would have been pretty steep. So, if you're going to the pumpkin patch, stop somewhere close and pee before you get there, make sure you are there with a field trip, and leave your kids under 3 with someone else. They will get nothing out of it except a walk through grass (or a stroller ride in our case). This will be our last visit.
2	Went to Mother Nature's Farm last week with a group of 12-13 yr olds. This place is definitely geared for children 6 and under. The kids were bored out of their minds within ten minutes. It was a lot smaller than I expected, and I thought the $10 entry fee was a little much for what you get. I did think the staff was friendly, except for the guy that drove the tractor around for the hayride. He didn't say anything to us, instead he jumped on the tractor and listened to his ipod as he drove us around. If you have young children, they might enjoy this place. If they are any older than 6 or 7, I would not recommend it.
3	I've been going to this pumpkin patch for years. It's like a staple in the East Valley. Sure there are parts to this farm that cost money but not any more than any other farm like Schnepff, etc. They have a terrific selection of pumpkins in a big hay lot. It's great for pictures. They have parking and also sell crafts, food from the farm like pumpkin and apple butter, salsa, and more. The staff is very friendly and the prices are pretty decent. We went only 3 days before Halloween this year and got 3 nice large pumpkins for $24.00. Can't beat that!
5	My family, three kids and me and my wifey really enjoyed this little pumpkin patch. Nice little hay ride around the patch and farm. Drops you off at their petting zoo with Donkeys, chickens, mules, goats, cattle, and pigs. Plenty of port-a-potties scattered throughout the pumpkin patch. Food is the usual pumpkin patch fare and pricing. People were very friendly. Hay ride driver and cashier were friendly. When my fourteen year old daughter wanted to be to cool for school the cashier was nice enough to treat her as an adult without my even asking. The little one got two cute little pumpkins that they enjoyed decorating with foam stickers. Overall?  Great value for $10.00. Seriously where are you going to find anything for 10.00 for the kids to be entertained for a couple of hours and get some fun fall memories. Tips:Bring quarters for the petting zoo. Bring cash for the food cart and carrots for the petting zoo. They do accept credit or debit and will give you cash back if needed.
3	Went to the farm in early October. We paid $16 for a kid and 2 adults. Not horrible, I guess. We walked in and got on the hay ride which was fine. It goes thru a weird graveyard of old farm equipment and around the perimeter of the farm. We got dropped off in the back by the animals. You can reach thru and pet them but can't go in the cages, which is probably smart. It is very stinky. Moved on to the giant mound of dirt. Kid ran up it twice. Then on to the little hay maze. This took about 5 minutes. Avoided both jumping balloons as they were both clearly over capacity. At this point we moved to the little pumpkin patch, where you get your "free" pumpkin. They were all very small. Not for carving. All in all, we were here less than an hour. I was not very impressed. I steered clear of the porta potty which looked just gross. But aren't they all...I didn't buy any food so can't comment on that...
4	Reading some of the reviews here really crack me up. People love to exaggerate. I see words like filthy, old, smelly... hello, it is a FARM! Animals do not smell like roses. If you want clean go to your local grocery store to buy a pumpkin! Ok, now that I have that off my chest, I came here on a Friday evening and overall myself and my 5 year old son had a lot of fun. Went on the tractor ride, bounce houses, the hay maze, fed the goats, decorated our free pumpkin and took pictures at the "pumpkin patch" (not an actual patch where they grow). There is room for improvement, but still had fun. Most of the employees were friendly but there were a few rude cashiers that gave me a smart alec comment when I asked a question. Lastly, I like that its conveniently located and not on the outskirts of the city.
4	I drive by this place all the time and I didn't even know it existed.   The past weekend Mother Nature's Farm was host to Race Around the Farm and my friend was there working the event, he told me he was in my area and to stop on by, so I did.The farm offered the bicyclist a nice track, it was apx 1 to 1.5 miles, it had hills, sand pits, off roading, and it actually was pretty cool watching the guys & gals race around.  There was a nice turn out and the farm had ample amount of parking.I'm going to have to come back and check out the produce selection and more of the farm, Im glad my friend told me to meet him there otherwise I wouldn't even know about this hidden gem in my plain site!
2	Not worth it for the money. Not an actual petting zoo. The animals all had sores and looked completely miserable. There were flies swarming all over us the entire time. Kids were getting bit by fire ants and screaming everywhere. The farmer that have us our hayride was the only awesome part about this place. We did enjoy picking out a little pumpkin, but they could decorate with a lot more than stickers. Save your money and go to Vertuccio Farms where there is more to do and it's a dollar less.
2	My family was very sad to see the shape the animals were in.  If I could post pictures here I would,  spent $22 and got 5 upset animal lovers.  I hope Christmas time will be better.
4	This is a cute little farm only quick 20 minutes from my home. We came here to go to the Pumpkin Patch and see the Farm animals with my 7 month old. This is a great place  this time of year for the 5 and under crowd. It's not fancy and doesn't have a ton of activities like some other larger farms, but its a perfect spot to spend a few hours. The farm fee is $3/adult and $10/ child over 2 years old. The child's admission includes a small pumpkin, stickers for pumpkin decorating, a small maze, hay rides, and two bounce houses. There are a couple of shaded picnic/sitting area, assorted farm animals (chickens, goats, sheep, pigs, donkeys, cows, and horses), and a concession stand.  You can purchase carrots to feed the goats and sheep. You can tell they are used to being fed by people, cause when you approach them, the ALL come to the fence trying to lick your hands. There is a shop you can go to with out paying any admission. It has seasonal goods, homemade jams and salsas, fresh eggs, and fruits. I am looking forward to returning next year when my baby will be able to fully enjoy all it has to offer.
3	We went last year with our 2 yr old grandson.  He loved the bounce house and the hay ride.  We paid for 4 adults and one child. The price is to steep for the amount of stuff to do. I love to support local business this one could do better.
4	Fair entry price for what you get. At $3 an adult, there's not much to complain about in regards to the price. The hayrack ride is kind of a joke. Pretty sure it lasted less than 5 minutes. Feeding the goats was fun though. I wish I could upload a video, because those goats a freaking hilarious. The pumpkins are pricey (big ones costing $20) but the girl at the register must have liked us because we got 2 large ones for that price. Overall I spent $27 ($6 for 2 adult admissions, $1 for a bag of carrots and $20 on pumpkins), and I'd say it was worth it.
1	Went there today with my husband and emotional support dog (which isn't required to wear a vest) and was told I was not allowed to have him there. I then told the employee that I have the papers that I could show them and she said that he isn't allowed still. At that point my husband and I left. I was very disappointed with the level of customer service. What they did was completely inconsiderate and illegal. I'll go to Home Depot for my pumpkins from now on!
