5	Mangano Las Vegas run by Larry Mangiaracino is your ticket to the time of your life in Las Vegas In 7 years I have never come to Vegas without calling this service first. I never wait in lines for clubs, I have amazing table and bottle service and the best tables in the clubs, dinner reservations. Always a limo on call. Cabanas at pools,"A" list parties with Movie Stars. You name it he makes is happen. I couldn't imagine coming to town without talking to Larry first. I have never had a party, a bachelor party, group of friends, girls and guys alike ever be disappointed. I recommend his service over any host at any hotel. He has 30 years experience in Vegas and everybody know Larry. Do yourself a favor and become a friend and client of Larry.
5	One weekend in Vegas with the benefit of Larry's experience and knowledge, and you will never do Vegas again without him.  Never wait in line, be assured the best tables/cabanas.  Top shelf all the way.
5	I feel a little strange writing this review... I mean, am I writing a review of Larry "MANGO"! as a client or a friend?   How to distinguish?   To Larry, a client is a friend. Because of Larry's limitless knowledge of the city and his endless rolodex, I have had more memorable nights in Vegas than I care to share publicly. He has "made it happen" for me with groups of 2 and groups of 25. He's a class A professional, and he makes sure you have the time of your life. No lines, no nonsense, no winding up at the wrong club. He knows the city and he knows his clients. Regardless of what you are in the mood for, he will make sure you get it the way you like it!
5	Larry is who you've been looking for.  It's that simple. Don't even bother reading up on anyone else in this space - it's not worth your time.  He is the best!  Employing his services is the difference between an average time in Vegas, and the time of your life.This is how it works.  You contact Larry and let him know what you're looking for.  As if by magic, he arranges a better situation than even you were thinking of.  You enjoy what he arranges, all the while wondering how he made it happen.  You thank him profusely (and tip big).Larry is also one of the most genuine people I've met in years.  I wouldn't think of coming into Vegas and not at least buying him a drink and catching up, even if I don't have time to enjoy what he has to offer.  We've had him for dinner at our house in California.  He's part of the family.  If you are courteous enough and real enough, you may soon be fortunate enough to also call him friend too.Have a great time, and tell him I said hi ;-)
