5	Passorn - yet another Edinburgh Thai restaurant. Although this one is definitely worth a visit as the food is truly outstanding. Located in the Tollcross area of Edinburgh, Passorn is just a short walk from the city centre so it is a convenient place to reach. The menu is fairly substantial and offers a range of authentic Thai cuisine. I came here several months ago with a friend and ordered fishcakes for a starter which were tasty and made with fresh chilies, but quite pricey at about seven pounds. This was followed by a chicken stir fry which was also delicious and made with fresh ingredients. I got a massive case of food envy here though as my friend ordered marinated duck breast which looked amazing and tasted divine - I will most definitely be ordering that next time. Most main meals are priced between eight and twelve pounds and Passorn have a good variety of vegetarian dishes available too. Set menus are also available which cost eight pounds for a three course meal - what a bargain! 'Passorn' means 'angel' in Thai, and this place truly is angelic.
4	As a Yank who has just moved to Edinburgh, I found myself sopping wet and in need of a cozy restaurant with an enticing menu.  Like an angel as its name means in Thai, Passorn is a beautiful little restaurant located in the Tollcross area on Brougham St, just a wee bit north of the Meadows.  While its cold gray-and-white exterior might not grab you in, you should look past this and enter, just as the saying goes about judging a book about its cover.  My friend and I were warmly greeted by the owner/manager, who even helped take our coats and hung them on the wall.  Not something I'd expect for lunch-time service, but nonetheless welcomed.  The restaurant consists of 2 main areas, the front room is a bit smaller which fits about 3 tables and the bar/register and the adjacent room which is a bit larger and tastefully decorated with silver and grey wallpaper.  High ceilings and original  crown moulding details add to the ambience.  There were a couple of diners already there when we came, and as the lunch hour wore on there was a nice trickle of elderly locals and businessmen.I ordered the lunch special, which is a 3-course meal which gives one the opportunity to choose from one item from their selection of appetizers, main entrees, and dessert (ice cream or tea).  7.95 pounds which seems to be the going rate for pre-fix lunch menus in the area.I went for the chicken balls which is 2 skewers (chicken ball + green and red peppers on each) served beautifully on a plate with a sweet siracha chili / pepper flake dip.  The colors are bold, the produce super fresh, and the chicken was nicely grilled.  Continuing on, I had the pad chili dish which is a spicy dish consisting of chicken, mushrooms, onions, peppers, in a savory brown sauce, scallions, and a sculpted tower of white rice.  Home run - I loved it, even if it challenged my well-seasoned spicy pallet range.  I would have loved to have more, but then again, I'm from a country that is home of lumberjack helpings.  For 90 pence, you can get your afternoon tea served beautifully in white china and at least 3 cups full.  The art of tea - yes indeed they have mastered and the service was attentive and courteous.  I'll be back for sure, with more friends and family, and look forward to sampling the rest of their menu.
5	If Passorn actually were an actual angel (it means 'angelic' in Thai) it'd be cupid and it'd have me right in the heart. Swoon. If I were feeling more poetic I would actually craft a sonnet in declaration of my new-found love for this Thai restaurant.In a slightly innocuous spot between the heart of Bruntsfield, and the bustle of Tollcross, it's not one you'd easily wander by and it's a bit off the eating-and-drinking Saturday night path. It's lack of close proximity to a few of my favourite bars almost made me book somewhere else. Oh how glad I am that my routine check of the menu online before booking made me pip for Passorn.It's a fairly small, intimate restaurant (the dividing wall makes it feel that way) and has a lovely, clean, elegant yet contemporary feel. When I arrived at 7pm on a Saturday night there were families with small kids wrapping up, couples on double dates, and myself with ma mere (early Mother's Day treat). My first, and finest, compliment goes to the staff. They were so attentive, so eager to please, always smiling, and so friendly that it really made the whole meal quite charmed. The food alone (just you wait for the food) was oustanding, but the staff ensured this is a sexy 5 stars from me.Whilst I'd already pre-chosen mentally my meal via online, the specials menu had me at hello. So we ordered both daily specials. The king prawn, scallops, and monkfish; and the guinea fowl; with a side of rice, and noodles. Other reviewers have complained about the portion sizes. For me, it was perfect. Are we all so used to Italians that serve up three times the amount of pasta anyone should consume in one sitting that a reasonable portion is considered measly? I love to eat out but often lament that it'll throw my 'get fit for summer' plan out the window. I feel as though I could dine at Passorn on a weekly basis and never stray into sin. The sauces were light, but full of flavour, the meat so fresh and tender, and the sides just right. I'd say you get far more noodles than rice if you do want to ensure you're full. But really, one main is the ideal size and perhaps one or two starters to share if you fancy.The king prawns were served split in two still in their shell and the meat was bursting fresh from within. Like I said the sauce was light but so flavoursome. I can't really describe it. Slightly spicy, slightly sweet, all fresh. The guinea fowl sauce was particularly delicious and the bird very juice - too often game birds can be served a bit dry.I admit the half bottle of white wine I had (which was really, really good btw. The Australian sauvignon I think) tipped me to the side of ordering dessert. Banana fritters. Oh my. Not a trace of grease. I think it was even a bread-crumb type batter, scattered with sesame seeds. Not the 'small' bit of banana consumed by greasy batter I was expecting and am used to. Huge chunks of banana, encased in a light, crisp, so thin it's hardly there batter. Melt in the mouth and heavenly.One thing my mum also commented on was the music. Think Bob Dylan, the Beatles (the more obscure numbers too, like Martha My Dear) and created a really nice ambience. Something a bit different to some restaurants that try to recreate 'true' Thai with the tingly Thai music. I do sometimes find this distracting. Anyway.I can't vouch for the authenticity of this as far as Thai food goes. Far Eastern food is something I don't eat much, mainly because I find it hard to find *good* versions of it. My dilema is now solved with Passorn. My only concern is that I may not want to do my usual 'eat out somewhere new' and just keep coming back. I kind of want to go again tonight... It was that good.Others have also commented on prices.  It's not a cheap eats option, and I took my mum here for a Mother's Day treat (early) but I didn't think twice about the bill as the food was so outstanding. It didn't break the bank. In fact I found it to be just about right for a 'treat' or maybe a nice 'date night' meal - not too little, not too much. Heavenly.
4	The food here was unbelievable and certainly the Tom Yum was the best I'd ever had (I had it with King Prawns!) I then had a creamy red curry with sliced beef for my main course! The service was a bit strange and I ordered a cranberry juice, then "we don't have any cranberry" then I ordered a pineapple juice instead, they came back a minute later "I'm really sorry we also don't have any pineapple juice now, we just have orange and apple juice" and then I was like 'Well if your sure you definitely have apple juice then i'll have that!" .......you know whats coming next in this story......"sorry its just orange juice we have now" ......so I got tap water in the end!!! But if you want AMAZING Thai food in Edinburgh go here....
5	Wow such good food, tasty nice spices, perfect meat.The Thai food is traditional but with a touch of fusionWe had alot of disches to share, everything was excellent.My only concern is the location(for a tourist) its close to the city but a boring area in town, but just take a taxi or walk from Grasmarket 5 min.Decor: cleanStuff: excellent, really friendlyGo there!
5	This is one of the best restaurants I have been to ever. Period.We walked in and asked for a table for three. The cozy dining room was full of guests so the gentleman who greeted us (we later found out that he is a partner in the outfit), Ian, told us that we could go down the street and grab a pint and he would come and fetch us. About ten minutes passed and sure enough, Ian peeked his head in the door of the pub and told us our table was ready. The service from the moment we entered the door was amazing. Our coats were taken at the door and our drink orders were taken as soon as we sat down. The food was served very quickly and the presentation was an A+. I ordered the spiciest dish on the menu and when I was asked how spicy on a scale of 1-5 I wanted it, I replied "a 6." They acted like I was crazy but I explained to them that I am from Texas and I eat raw habeneros from the garden. They understood. The food was amazing. The right amount of heat for this Longhorn. The prawns were a bit over cooked but that is the ONLY negative thing I can say about this place. When they found out we were from Austin, magically the music changed to Willie Nelson, George Jones and Johnny Cash. Overall, this is one of the best experiences I have had in a dining setting. My brother and father agreed that this is one of the best meals they have eaten as well. Whenever we are back in Edinburgh, we will definitely be back and I will send any of my friends who are visiting the city this way.
5	A very nice place, that obviously has a good reputation.  Had to call to make a reservation after our walk up attempt was unsuccessful.  The dinners of Pad Thai and Curry were excellent.  We hadn't had Thai in a long time, so we may be a bit skewed to approve, but we really liked it.  The place was very nice, staff attentive.  Only downside, a bit pricey.
5	What a fantastic place. This was my second visit and like the first, it didn't disappoint. Let's start with the food. We decided to share some starters between the two of is and opted for the Thai spring rolls and the Golden taro fritters. Both were beautifully presented, decent portions and above all delicious! Similar results for the main course; I went for a chicken stir fry with black pepper, ginger, garlic and coriander while my partner went for the chicken chilli cashew stir fry. Both dishes were beautiful, exploding with taste but yet nothing overpowering. Again portion sizes were perfect and we went for some coconut rice and noodles to accompany the mains.We were quite full after all of this and decided to give the deserts a skip.Occasionally I have seen the wine list at some Asian restaurants being underwhelming, but passhorn got the perfect mix. A perfect blend of new and old world, while also being responsibly priced.The service was good and attentive, but maybe a tad bit rushed in the time between placing the order to getting the first course - the same between finishing the starter and receiving the main. I like to relax and enjoy a meal so I probably should of let the waiter know up front.Food overall was faultless. 5 stars - deducting one for feeling a bit rushed would be a bit harsh. I am sure if I said something at the time it wouldn't of been an issue.Can't wait to return.
5	A friend and I walked by this place after seeing a film at the Cameo and decided to head in for dinner. It was so cute and cosy with a nice ambiance and the staff was kind, polite, and super attentive from the moment we walked in! We split the chicken satay and I had the chicken Pad Thai but it was all cooked to perfection with amazing flavours and beautiful presentation. Portion sizes were perfect. They have a rather extensive drinks menu and I got a very delicious cocktail.A little pricey for Edinburgh but an absolutely wonderful and worthwhile experience. Perfect for date night or as part of a nice evening out.
