5	Had to replace my fuel pump. He was honest and $200. cheaper than dealer and other repair shops in the area.  Excellent job after 2 months with no problems and increased performance.  Highly recommended.
5	The name of the shop says it all...I have been taking my cars to Frank and his shop for the last four years or more. they do GREAT work and very reasonable if not a steal compared to any other shop I have ever dealt with. Small jobs like a switch that doesn't work or an engine that needs to be replaced he has done the work for me on many vehicles I have owned.He shoots it straight and will tell you what is needed and what isn't as well as weather or not its even worth the time and money to fix. I recommend him to friends and family in fact I have family coming in from out of town just to get work done at his shop because I know there is NO BS when they work on your car or truck.a family run shop that makes you feel a part of the family I will always go to Frank or my Auto repair needs...
5	My entire family exclusively uses Frank's Honest Auto for all of our Auto Repair and Maintenance issues. The name says it all; I have never stumbled upon a shop that had as much Integrity and treated their clients like royalty like I've had with Frank's shop. Auto repairs used to be an intimidating process until I started bringing my Vehicles into this shop. It felt like I was family from day one. A bit tricky to find at first, but once you've had work done through Frank, you'll wonder why you didn't go to him sooner.
5	Frank is amazing! We have been taking our vehicles and our families vehicles to him for the last 10 years. You would think that a long term client after a while the quality of service would drop.  NO WAY! Not with Frank! His business name says it all. He never over charges is always fair and generally can tell you over the phone what's wrong. He supports the local elementary school Oakwood and is just a nice wonderful person!I recommend him to anyone!
5	I had an unexpected breakdown and didn't know what to do. I came to Yelp to find an auto repair shop and found Franks. I was incredulous when I read the reviews here thinking they were posted by friends and family because they were such glowing reviews.I thought, "Oh well... I'm between a rock and a hard place! I might as well give him a try." I have to say that every single review here is the absolute truth. I now know that as long as Frank and his sons are operating this shop, I have a place to go that will take care of me and I find a great deal of comfort in that.I'm not going to rehash all the other reviews. Just know that they're all true (and then some). Frank deserves every bit of praise he recieves but his humility prevents him from accepting it. He's a true diamond in the rough!
