3	Located near the Charlotte Speedway. This is one of the buildings located on the Hendrick Motorsports campus. It is a very small museum, with a few cars and memorabilia of the Hendrick's team racers. It is actually more of a large gift shop, than museum. Nearby are the Hendrick's garages, which I understand on rare occasions allow few people to see. I had wished that maybe they would have created a replica of one of their garages, so we could have seen a team garage. If you are fan of Hendricks's team drivers or the team itself, worth a stop. If you only have time for one museum, drive into downtown Charlotte and see the NASCAR Hall of Fame instead.
5	The most fan-friendly of all NASCAR teams. They've always been open to the public and FREE! The shops where the cars are built are usually open Mon-Fri from 8:00-4:30 so you can get up close to the action and see the cars being built. They have a Team Store and Museum that offers several historic cars from their 30 years in racing and lots of merchandise. The store is usually open 10:00-5:00 Mon-Fri and 10:00-3:00 on Saturday. A must-see attraction if you're a race fan, especially if you're in town for other events. Call ahead to ensure their hours!
4	Hendricks Museum & Gift Shop is a must stop for every NASCAR fan visiting the Charlotte area.  The facility was redone a few years ago so that the museum and gift shop are blended together.  One section has several of the vintage race vehicles of historical significance, including Darrell Waltrip's "Tide Ride" and the car used in the movie Days of Thunder.  Other cars showcased during this visit included the 2013 Daytona 500 winner (48 Johnson) and 24 Gordon's firesuit and winning car of the 1st Brickyard 400.  Oddly only one car was on display for 88 Earnhardt Jr and no vehicle for 5 Kahne.  As is normal for most sports related souvenirs, items can be rather procey.Some unique to Hendricks Motorsports is a pit crew training area that is open to the public to view.  Fans can watch as the pit crew members go through various strength training activities.The actual race shops are housed in two buildings.  One of the buildings is more fan friendly than the other with large windows to view race cars being worked on while the other does not have a veiwing area.
