5	Great happy hour prices. Great atmosphere.  Cozy place, good for conversations; adequately loud music :-). Which is a treat these days. My wife and I had the fried green tomatoes, braised beef tacos, shrimp and grits, and salad.  Wow! Holy amazingness.  For the happy hour price and quality of food, its a 6.
5	We have eaten there twice, once for lunch and once for dinner!  What a delightful surprise!  Located in the Esplanade shopping center, it is not visible from Camelback.  Turn onto 23rd at Camelback and park in AMC theater parking garage.  They will validate your parking ticket.  My husband had burger and I had pulled pork sandwich for lunch.  Outstanding.  For dinner I had the Chicken Ala King (not your mothers' chicken ala king!) and my husband had pot roast with mashed potatoes.  Comfort food with very  upscale presentation.  Delicious drinks.  Great bartender!  It is a really long drive for us but we will certainly go again!!  Can't say enough good about this place! Very reasonable priced!
5	Wow. Stopped in here 9/18 since it was National Burger day as a friend of mine told me about their burgers. The owner and chef Jeff welcomed us and brought us waters, menus, the beer, wine and cocktail lists. He also detailed out the style of the food of carefully blending midwest with southern comfort food. He then recommended the shrimp and grit cake appetizer as it perfectly represented his style. We immediately said yes and also ordered a beer (honey ale) and a cocktail (the Midway). Drinks arrived quickly followed by the shrimp and grit cake. I could have been happy eating those all night. Wow. Probably the best thing I've eaten this year. This is a must have! If you are there, even if just having a drink while waiting for a movie upstairs at the AMC, have this appetizer. The shrimp, amazingly seasoned and prepared perfectly, resting atop slices of andouille sausage and the buttermilk grit cake with a sauce I would have felt no shame in licking the plate clean not to miss any. Fortunately the grit cake was there to help do that. A perfect blend of flavors, spice, and baby tomatoes. A must have.We ordered our entrees, the burger with bacon and the pork shoulder with collards. Upon arrival at the table, both were beautifully presented. The bun alone was a delight, with a silky smooth bronze tone and fluffy. The perfect size to encapsulate the burger and everything along with it. And it absorbed all those delicious juices I left dripping after every bite. The burger is at the top of my list. A fresh grind and hand formed.The pork shoulder and collards over a bed of perfect mashed potatoes. The collards true to southern form, a touch of vinegar, paired with either the potatoes or the pork, mmm, can't wait to go back and have it again.I always say the biggest compliment I could give to a menu item or restaurant is that I would come back and have it again tomorrow. This place I could eat at every day.
5	Great ambiance and service. Small place, small menu, big portions!! Definitely chef driven. The hush puppies, pork shoulder entree,  and PB&J desert are not to be missed.
5	Went for the first time for Restaurant Week and was not disappointed! Everything from the cocktails to dessert was delicious. Staff was especially friendly and attentive. Would recommend the cucumber giblet cocktail and shrimp with gritcakes for starters. Will definitely come again!
5	The greatest thing about TEN is how unique I feel it is.  Yes they have burgers and fries and other ubiquitous menu items but I feel they put forth the effort to make them special to their restaurant instead of pumping them out in mass with the doctrine that all burgers et cetera are created equal.  The staff here have a good energy to them, not like a wired and bouncing around energy but more like they feel enthused about running their restaurant like it's their calling.  Their pride shows in their air of absolute confidence.  Don't get me wrong this place is not perfect, the menu is limited, the healthy options are limited and a few other things here and there.  However, I feel like they knew what they excelled at and they stuck to it.  I appreciate this because I'm rather tired of going to restaurants and being served food that the establishments knew was inferior, I doubt that would happen here.Phoenix needs more restaurants like TEN, the simple fact is this metro lacks character and genuineness and TEN brings it some more.
5	Fantastic new place at Camelback Esplanade with a very cool vibe and amazing food. Excellent American food with a twist. Instead of focusing on the appearance it's all about the flavor, and it looks great too! Everything from fried green tomatoes to pot roast and chicken a la king with wonderful flavors. Tastes like Mom would have made if she was an inspired cordon Bleu chef. Can't recommend it highly enough.
5	Fabulous Cocktails and Delicious Food!! The Atmosphere, decor and staff are amazing! Plus love that their happy hour starts at 2pm! This place is a definitely a must try!
5	Absolutely loving this place! The ambiance is cool and contemporary. Great lighting and the windows open up into the courtyard. This place is definitely a hidden gem.I ordered the pulled pork sandwich and it was amazing. Moist, so flavorful and filling. I had a green salad on the side with their sweet dressing, also amazing! Unfortunately I had no room for dessert so I'll have to save that for next time. The staff was so lively and friendly while also being incredibly helpful and attentive. The energy in the restaurant is great!Parking was also convenient as they do validate.
4	Good staff and great atmosphere in a cool space. The food is good and I love a good beer menu. They even got their hands on Pumpkin Porter. I think we will make it a point to get to the movies early now and have a bite and a drink at Ten first.
5	I went to dinner with my wife and 3 friends, and it was amazing. The food was absolutely delicious, the drinks  and the service were fast and great. The owner and head chef Jeff came out and visited with us. I definitely recommend TEN.
5	I was in Phoenix for work and wanted something unique and tasty for dinner and ended up at Ten. Yelp to the rescue again, this place totally did not suck! First I started with a delicious manhattan at the small bar and watched a bit of the game (World Series, to be exact). The bartender was super friendly and it felt like a neighborhood bar experience. But the food was much, much better than anything you'd get in a bar. I selected the roasted pork shoulder with sweet BBQ glaze and collards over mashed potatoes. The meat was so tender you could cut it with a fork and it was perhaps some of the tastiest pork I've had outside of a carnitas taco in a very long time. The meals are all midwestern in style but quality is definitely emphasized over quantity. I'd definitely eat here regularly if I lived in the area. Very reasonably priced, as well. Big 5 stars for this place.
5	Came for a friends birthday. Had a 20 top. First off they have the best customer service from the moment you enter the door till the moment you leave. Jake and Evan handled our table and were on point the entire time. Quick, efficient , knowledgable and just a true pleasure to have serving us. Second they have Faygo which is a treasured must for a Midwesterner like myself. We orders all of the appetisers which were excellent in portion size and delicious. Personal fav were the shrimp and gritcake. The perfect amount of spice with the gritcakes too. The craft beer menu has a lovely variety of full bodied to light beers. Will be back for sure. Since I have gluten free friends, they will be able to enjoy dining here too.
5	I live in the area and wanted to try a new restaurant, so I was excited to find a new restaurant in the esplanade   The menu is brief, but their food is outstanding.   The entrees are straight forward American dishes with a southern flare.  I got the pulled pork and the gf ordered the pot roast, both were delicious. The waitress seemed like it was her first waiting job.  She didn't pour the wine how they are supposed to-letting the guy taste and approve then pouring the females glass.  She also seemed a little nervous/uncomfortable.  But, whatever, not a big deal. The chef/owner did personally come out and greet all the customers.  It was a really nice personal touch, and it's always nice to see someone taking pride in their business.  Overall a great experience, I would like to see an expanded menu in the future, but certainly nothing wrong with offering what you make best
5	I can't believe it took me so long to try this restaurant. It's in the best location, great vibe,  and I will be back soon.  Next time I'm trying the pulled pork sandwich.
5	Awesome service and food.  Barbecue sandwich is one of the best I've had.  Also try the hush puppies.  Prices are great.
5	I work at the Esplanade and have been to TEN at least 10-15 times since they opened...A lot of restaurants come and go here at Camelback Esplanade and TEN is here to stay.  Chef/Owner Jeff Hostenske is a solid guy with such a passion for food and hospitality.  Chef spent a fair amount of time working in the low country of South Carolina and that southern influence shows up in both the food and the service...every dish I've had is superb.  He usually has a cool 'special' that is always worth trying (daily).  Fresh, seasonal ingredients - farm to table.  Friendly staff.  Fun place to hang out. Awesome Happy Hour - 1/2 priced apps, $3 beers and $5 cocktails.  If you're thinking about eating at the AMC theatre, OMGoodness, do yourself a favor and pass on the grossly-overpriced theatre fare and eat here...its right at the base of the escalator.
4	We stopped in for happy hour this weekend and had a great experience!  Great atmosphere, great bartenders, great happy hour prices and appetizers too!  We enjoyed the shrimp and gritcake as well as the hush puppies...$8 total for both - what a deal.  We enjoyed 2 different $5 cocktails as well and were pleased with everything we tried.  The chef came out a couple of times and was really engaging and welcoming too.
5	Went there for the first time about a week ago and I can't wait to go back. We saw there sign for 10% off with a movie ticket stub and decided to try it. First off the service was amazing, the server was overly friendly, fun to talk to and had helpful suggestions. The food was equally amazing, I had the chicken cordon blue sandwich, at the table was also the roasted pork shoulder and a burger. Everyone loved there meal and there was much more on the menu that we need to go back for. Prices are totally reasonable. Decor is great, designed well, intimate, clean and fun. The owner/chef even came out and talked to us for a little bit, friendly, knowledgable and really clear that he's putting out quality food. I would suggest this to anyone, it's a little hidden but well worth it.
5	We popped in for drinks and a snack while waiting for friends to finish their movie.  The drink menu is creative and interesting.  The hush puppies are delish - but note that much of the "good stuff" falls to the bottom of the "cone."  Make sure to eat that!
5	While searching for a Ninja/T-Rex restaurant I stumbled upon this gem. It more than satisfied my carnivore needs despite letting me kick chairs in half. It's not always about me. Now on to the food. The first time we were there we had the Cuban sandwich and the pulled pork Sammy. Holy Velociraptor Fellas! Took me from 6 to Midnight if ya know what I mean. I've had a lot of pulled pork sandwiches across the south and that was either the best or the second best I've ever had. Thank you for the cheese on it! The chef is a super friendly, albeit Cowboys fan, who grew up outside of Cincinnati and spent his later life in the south. The food speaks this. I've never seen anyone stupid enough to put chili on spaghetti before except Cinci peeps and ASU students who are 3 bongs in, but I tried his chili, and SQUEEZE MY PINKY TOE it was amazing! I'm running out of my big words here, but just like Courtney Love, give this place a shot! Oh, and if you go during the day, watch for the funniest bartender ever. Miss Jodi! She goes by Tigerhawk and she'll make you laugh your ass off like an old Paula Abdul video.
5	They do it right here period. Great bourbon, creative cocktails (the American mule-incredible) plus amazing food appetizers entrees and atmosphere. Jeff and his crew are great!!!
5	Excellent service and food.....the best in a long time!!!! we will be going here often....you really can't get service like this anywhere anymore!!!!
5	Best Pot Roast ever!!! The wifey and I are definitely coming back...I'm going to try the Roasted Pork Shoulder next visit.The place is awesome, and the service is outstanding.  The owner/Chef Jeff is very welcoming and Bretton provided stellar service!
5	Went after picking my husband up from the airport and wanting to try something different and picked Ten.  Walked in at 6pm and not terribly busy but quickly changed. Was welcomed by waitstaff and bartender when we walked in. I loved the ambiance because it reminded me of a bistro in Paris. Took the recommendations of the bartender and I had the fish of the day which was tilapia. The fish  was seasoned well and had a nice breading, the corn and green beans were like "wow"! So yummy! Hubby had the Cordon Bleu sandwich which made him very happy. I have to mention dessert and we had the PB&J Ala Mode. All I can say is that two days later that I'm still thinking about it. Just try it!!!!! Will be back !
5	Excellent service and Great food!  The best pulled pork sandwich I've ever had. I even love the layout of the place.
5	Phenomenal.  Iceberg Salad   fish and chicken a la king.  Best meal in a long timeVery reasonable. Highly recommended  You will love it
5	Went here on Tuesday for a buddy's birthday. Food and service were killer. Definitely recommend.
4	Very good food. Parking is a pain, but they do validate the parking if you bring your ticket.
5	The staff and food was outstanding.  The owner and chef personally checked on our dinner and we really appreciated the great service, food quality, and atmosphere.  They had an outstanding wine list with so many great wines in every price range.  The food was great and the prices were very reasonable.  This is a perfect place after an AMC movie as it is right below the theater at the Esplanade.  There were so many good choices, we will go back many times to try the other dishes.  Great job!
4	The service was amazing here. Even though they didn't have a kids' menu, the chef made delicious mac n cheese and chicken tenders for our children. The food was also solid. The pork was very good. Ambience was also casual but nice.
3	Great service... A bit toasty in the eating area. Greens and fried green tomatoes do not appear to be made in house.  Shrimp & polenta were underwhelming. Pork & pot roast decent.  Happy hour drinks were weak. This great location could become a fun neighborhood restaurant with a few tweaks.
5	Have been here twice now and both times my drink and food was on point.  We need more places like this in the area.
5	Epic. That's the only word I can use to describe my dinner tonight. Amazing service, incredible food, best birthday dinner ever! There were a few mishaps along the way (like my breakfast burger missing it's bacon and egg... oh dear), but the chef more than made up for it in the end.Happy hour is from 4-6pm and is always a fantastic deal at Ten. I recommend the cucumber gimlet and any of the appetizers, as they're all half off. Living Social is also offering a great deal on a dinner for two! Tonight, I had the hush puppies and the shrimp on grit cake. The hush puppies were perfectly crisp, topped with bacon and cheese crumbles, and served alongside a delicious remoulade. The shrimp and grit cake is definitely "crack on a plate," but don't forget to ask for bread service so you can sop up every drop of buttery goodness after the shrimp, sausage, tomatoes, and grit cake are long gone.For the entrees, I ordered a breakfast burger and the pot roast. The burger was delicious but the pot roast was simply incredible. I told the chef that his pot roast was so amazing that I'd like to see it slapped on a grilled cheese sandwich in the future. As the meal wound down, the chef delivered a small plate to the table with two little triangles of pot roast grilled cheese. As full as I already was, I didn't care. I downed the grilled cheese and just about died. I thought my perfect meal was over when the server surprised me with a birthday PB&J a la mode for dessert. I mean, seriously???As I rolled out of Ten a fat and happy birthday girl, I couldn't help but begin planning my next visit back. Perhaps next time I'll hassle the chef into making me a BLT with bacon, lettuce, fried green tomatoes, and that magical remoulade...
5	Amazing little spot my brother found on yelp after our massage appointment.I'm visiting from Hawaii and Ten was so delightfully refreshing with flavorful heart warming food. I ordered the pork shoulder and it was so juicy and tender. I usually like to add Sriracha on my meat dishes; which the waitress was nice enough to provide but after taking one bite of my dish... It was so yummy and flavorful that I didn't need to add anything. Also, love industrial interiors with brick walls. I can't wait to visit this place again when I'm back in AZ!
4	Great drinks, fun pace the staff is friendly very engaging. They have a good beer selection that is very unique. Good place to go for drinks and some decent food.
