1	Absolutely the worst and rudest service I've ever encountered renting a car or truck.  I really can't express just how rude the people in this place were.  It started with a call the morning I was supposed to pick up my Budget truck.  I had made the reservation online for noon.  They called me up to say they were going to shut the door and turn off the lights at noon, and if I wasn't already out the door; too bad, no truck.  So I went over there early and was met by two people with snarky attitudes.  Everything from taking my credit card to the fact they couldn't give me a receipt for the charge was continual rudeness.  And to top it off; when they finally did give me the truck, the furniture pads I preordered weren't there cause they gave them to somebody else.  Avoid this location for Budget like the plague.  I've been to many others that have been great, it's not a problem with Budget, it's a problem with the people at this location.  I will say it again:DON'T GO THERE!
4	Rented a truck from this location on a chaotic weekend - graduation from CMU. Everybody was looking for rental vehicles. They opened at 8:30 am. We arrived shortly after and had to wait about 10 minutes to go through the rental paperwork. The city was doing some kind of work on the sewer system and began shutting down the parking lot. The Budget people warned us in advance and gave us directions to get out. The truck was exactly what I requested from online reservations and appeared to be fairly new. At least it looked to be in pretty good shape. I had no problems with it and it actually delivered much better milage than advertised. They were also helpful in explaining directions to the dormitory. Despite many of the bad reviews I have seen I must say that I am a satisfied customer.
1	One of the budget attendants attempted to scam me. Be very careful. The truck rental went fine. The truck was in good shape and ready for us when we arrived. The trouble came when we dropped the truck back off. When we dropped the truck back at budget the attendant said there was an issue with the fuel and we needed to come with him to top it off. I went with him to the GetGo down the road. He got out, messed with the gas tank for a bit, and then came and got me and forcefully said, "let's go pay inside." We went inside--now, I should have checked the pump meter--but he said it was $11.08. I said, "$11.08?? We drove exactly eight miles!" "Yeah, these trucks only get 8 or 9 miles to the gallon." "Yes... And gas is $2.85 a gallon." He told the  fellow behind the counter, "she's got $11.08," he punched in some numbers, and told me to swipe. I swiped my credit card, but when he handed me my receipt the total said $118.08! I said, "I don't think this is right..." The guy behind the counter said, "I'll have to run a credit." Yes you will... Apparently he had no idea how to do that. After a while it seemed to go through, but I'll have to follow up with my credit card company. When we got back in the truck,before I said anything the budget guy said, "man, that is the first time that has ever happened! I think what happened is you swiped your credit card too soon and you got the previous persons charge." Well, I have a feeling this isn't the first time this has happened, so all who rent from budget on Baum blvd please be careful.
