5	These guys are great...  I love supporting local businesses, and when I inherited a plasma TV that wasn't working anymore, I knew that getting it fixed would be cheaper than buying a new set. I was right.  Godar got my plasma going, gave me some good advise on keeping an older plasma cooled off (using small computer fans) and saved me a ton of money.  They work on just about any kind of electronics, and have very quick turnaround time!
5	it will not get better than this, folks!  mike godar and his people are incredible!  i live in chicago, however have ordered many products from this business.  the latest a completely refurbished sony stereo vcr (try and get 1 as a stand alone w/o dvd player new...doesn't exist).  anyway mike sent 1 2 me and it's an incredibly quiet and clear picture unit.  i also have purchased a high def tv/fm stereo antenna (which mike invented btw) as well as many cables, connectors, etc... did i mention i absolutely love godar?  ok thought so... also mike is an ol school talk radio guy and his conversations are worth the price of admission alone!  good, no great stuff!
5	If you're pining for the days of old when equipment worked for longer than a year or two, this is the place for you! I was looking for an old (top of the line) turntable. After this place had been recommended to me by a friend of our son, I decided to check it out. It's now one of my favorite places to go on a Saturday! Mike (the owner) is a super guy, and a rare guru of all things audio, visual, and electrical. The range of what he carries will simply blow your mind - everything from turn of the century Victrollas and tube testers to speakers and VCR's (remember them?!). My last purchase was one of his FM antennas, which is the thing that put Mike on the map. Can't wait to hook it up!! Don't doubt, check it out!
5	Professional, Honest and Caring.  I'm a collector of vintage stereo equipment , recently brought in a classic pre-amp that needed some professional attention. Godar came through with the fix!   For sure i will be back to get some of my other equipment serviced.
5	At this time, I'm pretty new to audio equipment. I stopped by to just check this place out and came out knowing significantly more about receivers and speakers than I had gone in with. The place didn't look like much from the outside, but the expertise and personal attention of the guys inside more than made up for it.Mike not only helped me decide on an excellent receiver, but he took the time to explain to me the basics of setting up a receiver with speakers, the history of the model, terminology, and general tips about the equipment I walked out with. These guys know a lot about audio equipment and are passionate about it. I just set up my receiver and speakers and the sound is terrific. This place will have my business from now on.
