4	As a recent mover to LV very happy Robertos is here too, just like San Diego. Breakfast burrito was great as expected. A little pricier than San Diego, but same good food!!
4	Had the tacos here a couple of times during my stay in Vegas. The location is super convenient to base. The tacos aren't the best in Vegas but they are pretty damned good. The service was nice and the lady even remembered me a couple days later, probably had something to do with the white boy ordering tongue. I would definitely give this place or any o their locations a chance if your hungry for some good authentic Mexican grub.
5	Tasty and very reasonably priced Mexican food. Just got back from a 3yr tour in the UK, and I'm sure this goes without saying...you can't find any decent Mexican food there! So finding Roberto's was great! We've only done takeout, and they are always friendly and quick.
5	THIS PLACE is GOOD. I will definitely be coming back. OVER and OVER.It's like, they make each ingredient of your order great, on its own. Then, when they combine them into your food, it's BOMB. Try it out. All these reviews aren't getting it wrong!But caveat: Although it is a franchise, they have an issue they should fix and the gentleman at the counter said is true: A problem with CONSISTENCY.That is, not all the Roberto's Taco Shops foods are made the same. So, THIS SPECIFIC location's food is good in a different way than all the others. They get to prepare food differently, location to location.This Roberto's is GREAT! Five Stars!
4	This is Roberto's there are many like this but this is mine!!! I have been to so many Roberto's and yea their menu are the same but this is by far the best!! They make you feel welcomed but just order eat and leave but I get a lush from the humor and hospitality!! I like that they tweak the order if I ask like half chicken half carneasada chimichanga!! Don't like how small inside but I'm guessing it's one of the old ones. Only downfall is the bad area of the city it's in connected to a PT's. Wouldn't recommend late night visit!! But if the suns out see if it's better than your local Roberto's!!!
2	Last time I came here I got a free show of three homeles people fighting in front. Also there were a few cockroaches. But the place is always open.. So there's that.
2	This place is only considered good because of how bad it is for you. I wouldn't eat here due to the fact that all their restaurants use lard for EVERYTHING. It was all extremely greasy and on occasion, the food I would get would be overdone and too salty. Its a very cheap place, and the food/experience is reflected by that. Every time we eat here we run to the toilet. I've had much better mexican food that doesn't use lard  and actually tastes like its been cooked perfectly. The only good thing about this place is the price. That, and maybe their carne asada fries.
4	Recently moved from California so it's safe to say I love Mexican food this place is right around the corner from my house so I decided to try it around midnight after a long night at work and I wasn't disappointed they were fast and we'll priced, will definitely be a repeat customer
