4	I studied Scottish Literature at uni and yet in all my times visiting Edinburgh, I breezed by the Writers' Museum. I unwittingly missed out on a great resource!Inconspicuously tucked away between the Royal Mile and The Mount, I guess it could be easily missed. Trees lead you into the gorgeous courtyard outside it, and it looks as though it's rich private property more than a tribute to acclaimed Scottish writers. But look below your feet and see quotes from the works of Barbour to MacDiarmid laid out on stone plaques. Follow the tributes up the stairs and you're there.With the rich red walls and winding staircases, there is a glorious feel of the old in this free tourist attraction. The museum is petite in size but dedicates a floor to Burns, Walter Scott and Louis Stevenson respectively. They have waxworks and pipes smoked by our heroes which is interesting for fanatical tourists, but for the die hard Scots lit enthusiast they also have sights significant to our literary history, including parts of the Bannantyne printing press.I don't mean to adhere to a stereotype, but Americans were going nuts for the Burns stuff when I was in. It's interesting, so I don't blame them - the society have acquired some intricate belongings from the writer himself. Similarly, you can gander Louis Stevenson's crockery that he used for dinner parties in Samoa. I found peace in this room as I love Louis Stevenson's work, especially the South Sea Tales. They had a lot of pictures displayed of his time spent there, not to mention boots of his that he wore around the island. There is a good amount of information decoarted around each of the writers' rooms and early copies of books displayed under glass cabinets. There is also a gift shop of sorts, which largely keeps with the theme and sells books.Small, but useful, and set in a gorgeous old turret shaped building. I can see tourists enjoying this attraction as much as people interested in the history of Scottish literature, although one market I would say it would be unsuitable for is children. The majority of their heroes will no doubt come from the telly rather than books these days!
4	This is a lovely little museum (with free admission I should add) focusing on the lives of three of the most influential and successful writers to have had their own effect on Edinburgh.  These three writers are Sir Walter Scott, Robert Burns and Robert Lewis Stevenson.Each writer gets a reasonable amount of space devoted to them and the displays are flawless.  There are a few artefacts and recreations, but most importantly you are told about their lives.  I really couldn't care less about whether the jug I'm looking at was used by Robert Burns, but I am interested to know the stories behind the story tellers.  These tales bring the writers to life and help you appreciate their works in a new light.
4	Appropriately by Makar's Court, an "evolving national literary monument", displaying several flagstones with quotes from famous Scottish poets, is the Writers Museum.An often ignored museum in Edinburgh, it aims to give a taste of Scottish literary history by focusing on three famous writers, Walter Scott, Robert Burns and Robert Louis Stevenson. A section is given to each of these writers in this small museum, displaying original manuscripts, original editions of their works, and generally anything associated with their lives including walking sticks and pens they wrote with.Some of the displays, I have to admit, do a feel a little bit strained. It's as if the curators are really trying to think of some way of making an object in their collection relevant to their very specific theme. But they still do a good job with what they have.My favourite section is the Robert Louis Stevenson. I'm a little biased as he is the author I am most interested in. But I also found the displays most interesting, particularly the old photographs of his time around Samoa.The Museum is a little chaotic, trying to make the best of its small space within the old building, Lady Stairs Close, that it inhabits. But overall it continues to hold interest. It's not the sort of museum you will spend hours in, but it is definitely worth a look around, especially as its free and right in the centre of town.
3	For some reason I find myself much more excited at the prospect of visiting a literary museum rather than an art gallery, and the Writers Musuem definitely did not disappoint! The decor of a museum is obviously a deal breaker, and this one is so richly designed it definitely befitting of the works of Robert Burns, Walter Scott and Robert Louis Stevenson (okay so I'd never heard of him before..).One gets to know so much more about the authors' personal lives, and the museum is laid out in such a way that there is a section dedicated to each of the writers' work. Admission was free, so it was definitely a chilled (and inexpensive!) way to spend an afternoon.
3	Nice write-up by Jonny, so not too much to add except for a couple of things.  Entrance to the museum was FREE and with the prices of most museums and such in Edinburgh being 10+ quid, this is an excellent deal!  Another thing, one that I always find annoying, is that you cannot take photos inside the museum.  I could never understand why, except if a flash is being used.  I hate when that happens!Overall the museum is very nice and gives a bit of insight into the authors, especially RL Stevenson.  I am waiting for the day when they add a couple more Edinburgh writers like Rankin and Rowling.  Burns, by the way, isn't from the city but did spend a bit of time there.  For more on him you'll have to travel west to Ayr for his excellent museum, memorial and a few sites from his poems.
2	I guess I misunderstood what a museum means, because I thought it was a place where objects of value are displayed for the enjoyment of the patrons and/or public. Unfortunately, while the Writers' Museum does a great job of diving into and explaining the lives and works of several authors, but it also seems to be missing the "we have cool stuff" piece that's kind of important for museum construction. Don't get me wrong, there are a few manuscripts, original works, and artifacts, but they are few and far between compared to the space spent simply quoting from or referencing the books themselves.Being fully capable of reading, I think I'd have better spent my time simply catching up on some of these authors' classics. It might be worth a look for the devoted literature lover, especially since it's free, but I'm sorry to say I can't honestly recommend this one.
4	After living in Edinburgh for a year and a half, I finally decided today to venture into the Writers's Museum with my father who's visiting. He was thrilled with it and called it a 'hidden gem' and I also had a great time! We started with the downstairs rooms featuring Robert Lewis Stevenson and I enjoyed learning a lot more about him and seeing some really cool old versions of his books. When we went upstairs, I was in awe of admiring the hall of Lady Stairs' House - if nothing else, the museum is worth a visit up just to see this beautiful and very historic Old Town house. The content of the museum is quite small, but we enjoyed reading about Sir Walter Scott on the ground floor and seeing items such as his old rocking horse and his writing desk! This is a wee little museum but it is a great and hidden find that's tucked away off the Royal Mile, and it's definitely worth a visit!
3	Very small museum with exhibitions for a few famous Scottish writers. There were manuscripts, letters and photos. Would be great for fans of these writers.
4	I took my university-level scottish literature class here for a field trip. I'll start with the negative - it is NOT well signposted. I had it mixed up with a museum further down the street. I had no idea there was a museum in that part of the royal mile - I genuinely thought that it must be in the canongait since that's where the museums are! if it were not for the help of a colleague's iPad we might not have gotten there. guys, get a sign for the street, please!The rest is positive. Makar's Court - the little courtyard around which various tenement buildings sit, including the townhouse in which the museum is situationed - was nice and clean and the quotes on the paving stones were well chosen and nicely presented. inside the museum it is quite wee and pokey, and it was a bit stuffy on a warm day. my class of 15 were on the slightly squished side but there was plenty to look at. exhibitions were very well arranged, curators had taken care to make it easy to construct a narrative. information provided by the museum was largely biographical but seemed relevant and accurate (I'm a PhD in Scottish Studies). Our tourguide was a man called Paul who did exceptionally well. as a lecturer I'm exceptionally critical of people doing talks on Scottish culture, but Paul made what I had anticipated being a rather dry talk most engaging and informative for the students. They fired a few difficult questions at him but he was fairly unphased by this. The information he provided really did enhance their experience. This museum is based around the lives - and to a lesser extent, works - of Robert Burns, Robert Louis Stevenson, and Sir Walter Scott. It is free/entrance by donation and seems to be well curated and well maintained. It's easy to get round in an hour or even less. I would recommend a visit here to both tourists and Scots.
