5	This is the best dental office I know!!! I have been to many over the years and the staff is so very pleasant and helpful. It was a wonderful experience and I never thought I would say that about a dentist. Dr. Mattern is a most compassionate and caring person. I have been "hurt" by many dentists through the years and my visit to his office for a filling was a pleasant one...never imagined it could be such a positive experience. This is definitely the only dental office I will be visiting for any reason. I wish I had found him years ago as I would have avoided so much anxiety and pain. This office and its staff was WONDERFUL. Dr. Mattern is the best dentist in the world as far as I am concerned!!!
5	I wholeheartedly agree with the 2 reviews before me, the staff here are insanely helpful, nice, and warm. I am in and out within 30 minutes for a regular dental appointment. Also they have a refrigerator full of free drinks!
5	This has been my dentist now for the last 12 years or so and I have even referred some friends and they liked it too.  It's easy to beta appointment, I've had together couple of fillings and I'm a complete wimp for dental stuff and they were always patient and sweet.   I won't let anyone but Dr Mattern work on my teeth.
2	This dentist office is the king of the up-sell and unnecessary procedures.  Communications are not complete and thorough.  It seems from my experience with this office that everyone is incentivize to sell more procedures, products and service plans.  All I have gotten from the staff is you need to do this or that and we will get you on a recurring plan for the health of your teeth.  I need facts about dental health, not up sells to make the dentist who owns this practice more money.  Beware of this element of this specific dentist office.Owners comments are they can't find me in there database, but they can find me well enough to send me an invoice for additional services.  I paid all charges at the time my appointment was completed, and now I receive another charge via mail.  My comments stand, beware of this practice.
5	I was about thirty minutes early for my appointment. I didn't have anywhere to go so I decided that I would wait in the waiting room. However, I was greeted right away by the receptionist who offered me a water and a guided tour of the facility. Pretty impressed. All the staff was friendly. I had my X-rays done and my teeth cleaned. No cavities!! I was upset that I forgot my lip balm, because previous cleanings, I would open my mouth and tear my lip open because it would be dry, but guess what?? They had lip balm for me! Really convenient and flavorful too, like pineapple, or the clear lifesavers! They also gave me a goodie bag on my way out. I was pretty happy with my experience and I can't wait to be back in 6 months. Haha
5	First, let me preface this review stating that a trip to the dentist is, or WAS among the top 5 of my biggest fears. So if you share my "dentaphobia" then come over and see Dr Villalobosin Ahwatukee. When looking for a new office, I narrowed it down to 2 but didn't even call the second one in line. You see office folk, YOU are the first impression of a practice. If you are rude or dismissive, guess what, we don't want to schedule with you. Ashley,(I hope I got her name right!) at Desert Dentistry clearly got the memo on this, because she was a class act, very friendly, and immediately made me feel comfortable. I was not shy about letting her know I was terrified, and she assured me I would be in good hands with Dr. V.I had put off visiting the dentist for a long, long time. I was ashamed that I had not gone in, but knew I most likely had cavities and chose to live in denial for awhile. I was also concerned about my old mercury fillings and wanted them replaced, but man, did not want to have it done!Let me tell you, everyone I came into contact with was excellent. The hygienist was top notch, the gal dealing with insurance saved me a bundle from the original insurance quote, and Dr. V was amazing. I chose to use nitrous oxide to calm my anxiety and what a life saver! Dr V is very gentle, she explained step by step what she was doing, and I finally conquered by fear. Dare I say, I am no longer terrified! I'm even going to go back in 6 mos like most normal people do! I am sooooo excited that I finally found someone I can trust. They are so gentle that I am moving my 6 year old over to this practice so that we can all be at the same office. Her current pediatric dentist could learn a thing or two about "chair side" manner from Dr V.
5	Front desk is very accommodating and friendly. Jennifer is the best! Michelle the dental hygienist is very knowledgable and is patient. The desert dentistry team Is the best in the valley! My partner and I drive from north Scottsdale to see the team. VERY HAPPY with my teeth!
4	Great dentistry family! Everyone cares about the health of your mouth. I switched to desert dentistry because I felt like I was being "farmed" at my previous dentist. Not so here. Once I had a question about some work they had done. They had me in the next day to resolve it. And it turned out it was work done by my previous dentist. I still don't like novacaine shots.
3	PRO: Candice the Hygienist was AWESOME!! I was VERY pleased she advised me on how I can take better care of my teeth. I am looking forward to my next visit with her.CON: I was sad to see Dr. E was not there anymore. Upon checking out I was not offered a price sheet and I was not offered a time to come back for dental work...When I checked in I was surprised to hear the receptionist(s) making negative comments about patients not being able to make it to their appointments, especially in front of other patients in the waiting area.Good thing Candice was awesome and the Dr. was too. Otherwise I would have to look for another Dentist to go to.
5	I have been going to Desert Dentistry for years and will never go anywhere else. They have always taken great care of me. I go in for cleanings every 6 months and it is always a pleasant experience. They remember my name every time I go in and its not just because I have an appointment at that time. Twice I have walked in with someone else at the same time and they remembered both our names separately. I truly believe this company cares deeply for their customers. A few years ago I had a tooth ache while in Payson and had to go to the office up there. They got me in right away (on a friday) and got me all fixed up. They had to stay late and wait for me and if it did bother them I would not have had a clue because they were professional and patient the whole time. They are very competitive with their pricing too. I have referred friends to them that got estimates from other companies and Desert Dentistry more than beat their competitors. Its nice not to pay an arm and leg for stuff insurance won't cover. Thank you so much Desert Dentistry for everything you do! Myself and my family appreciates you!
