4	This is our 3rd attempt to find a company to handle our monthly maintenance.  After about 6 months, so far so good.  This is a father-son business that also does lighting, irrigation, fire pits, flagstone, etc.Although there may be other guys on the crew, the son (Hector) has come every time, and he does speak English.  Sometimes his dad is there, too.  When Hector is there without his father, we get good service, but sometimes small things our missed (hosing off the driveway, spraying weeds, etc).  When his dad comes, the service is excellent.  Not entirely surprising.They are more expensive than "the guy with a truck," but they are running a business.  We have found them to be professional and courteous and far better than the last company we tried.  They brought river rock once and only charged for the cost of the rock-no extra charge for picking it up or spreading it (it was a small amount).  This last month, we had a new layer of granite spread and found that to be very reasonable as well.We're hoping they keep up the good work!
3	Still satisfied overall, but is it necessary to tell your landscaper to remove dead plants?  Apparently it is.  And is it too much to ask for landscaper to let you know something is not doing well and to check the watering? Apparently it is.
4	My third and final comments barring something extraordinary, good or bad, happening.  While routine service of our irrigation system is not part of our monthly contract, we do have Nevarez repair any problems we have.  Even though I realize they don't test the system monthly, it would be nice if they paid a little more attention to the health of the plants they maintain.  And sometimes I have to remind them to do trimming that is missed.But in spite of my nitpicking, they do a far better job than the last company we used and are always pleasant to work with.  No missed appointments and they are always accommodating if we have an issue that can't wait.  And if they come off schedule to take care of irrigation repairs or new plantings, they will still often clean up debris even though I don't expect it. In addition to trimming and irrigation, we have also had some work done on our landscape lighting and fountain, and I'm sure we'll have more projects to come.
5	These guys are great! We are a small community garden in downtown Phoenix and needed some irrigation revamping and upgrading. These guys took what was kind of a mess of a partially built irrigation system and turned it into a super functional, easy system. NLC is a father/son team, they are VERY nice, trustworthy, on time to appointments, have great communication, good & accurate price quotes. They tell you what you are going to get for the price they are going to give you AND there are no surprises!And yes, I would recommend them to my mom. :) Thanks guys!
5	These guys are meticulous. Hector even speaks English!!!! Hector always answers the phone or calls you back ASAP they have done everything for me from fixing my grandmas pond & cleaning up a mess of tree pods (that I definitely didn't want to do) to coming and just picking up and hauling off my Xmas tree twice to a large back yard cleanup. They're probably not the least expensive if you literally just want your lawn mowed...not sure if they do full landscape projects but for most anything you can call these guys & they're great. They're just busy enough that you know they're good but quick enough they can always be there in a couple of days.
5	very happy with Hector and his father. They installed SOD, several plants and trees as well as a drip system and warranty their work
5	These guys are great! Incredibly professional, quick, and clean! We had them do about 4 days worth of work in the back yard and they completed it in 2! Hector and his guys were extremely punctual and reliable! They were working from 7am until 5pm in the dead of heat to ensure they completed the job as quickly and efficiently as possible.  Hector was very respectful and honest! While many other companies tried to rip us off, Hector worked with us on the price and his price was inexpensive from the start. I highly recommend these guys!!
5	Hector was awesome to work with and was great about finding creative ways to accommodate my budget. As you can see from the photos he did a great job and made my backyard look awesome.
5	I found Nevarez and Hector on yelp (thank you yelp).  My lawn was in need of some professional help and loving care.  I called Nevarez and was impressed with them from the first day.  They've now come twice to maintain my garden and make it look presentable.  Hector and his helper(s) have really Performed well.  Impressive to the point that I have turned the back yard completely over to Hector and no longer have to worry.I feel like the lawn is in safe competent hands with Hector Nevarez
5	I am truly impressed by Hector and his men.  First they do excellent work.  Hector always and the work is wonderful.  They go back over the lawn when mowing is finished and blow and clean the deck and walkways where mowing clippings have fallen.  Next they check all all the irrigation nozzles to make sure that all is working correctly.  Then he adjust the timing of the water system.  He weeds the flower bed and trims the shrubs if needed.Such a very pleasant change from what I used to have.  Further, Hector is a very pleasant young man who is just a good nice person.I highly recommend their services.
