5	Good things do still come in small packages.  If you find yourself in the Elizabeth neighborhood don't neglect to drop in here and check out their selection of new and used CDs and DVDs or just to browse their selection of music-related books, magazines and local news rags.  Park in the back behind the building!When I walked in it brought back memories of my beloved Reckless Records in Chicago.  And I knew I'd found my new sonic home in Charlotte.  It's flanked by a tattoo studio and a pawn shop and admittedly parking is a bit of a pain.  But it's worth the effort (both psychological and automotive) to get a gander at some premium stacks of used music.  If there's a more punk rock shop in this town drop me a line. God save the Queen (City)!!
4	OK, this place really surprised me.  It kind of looks like a rat hole from the outside, but once you get in there it's actually pretty nice.  They have a lot to choose from in the way of CDs, and they have a respectable collection of DVDs as well.  All in all a very nice store, definitely one to check out.
4	It's a fun crate-digging place for DJs and vinyl lovers.  It is a tiny place but full of great goodies.  I found a Jefferson Airplane vinyl with great artwork inside.  The store clerk that I met was real groovy and full of love and wisdom.  Please come here and support this independently owned store.
3	Lunchbox Records is one of my favorite stores in Plaza Midwood to browse. They've got a good selection of vinyl and CDs. They put on small concerts in the store most weeks, so you'll often see a swarm of hipster teens waiting outside the store after the show. If you're into music, it's a good place to check out. If I don't end up buying an album, I usually pick up a music magazine there.
4	So at one point in time I thought I was cool and thought I could be a DJ so I went out and bought two turntables and mixer.  With no money left over I resorted to creating a record collection from picking through the garbage. Nevertheless it makes for a weak mixing collection so I saved my pennies and started to buy real decent records. Long story short I moved and sent my record players ahead in the mail to my dismay they were stolen. So now my no talent wannabe ass was just left with records.  After moving a few more times and lugging these boxes around with me I felt it was time I let them go and leave BPMs to the pros.  Thats when I found LunchBox records, a righteous establishment who took time out of their day to sift through my mess.  They took about a 1/4 of the records and rightly so because most of them sucked and or were damaged.  They gave me good money on the spot and I felt we all came out like winners.This record store is also really cool anyways with hip edgy unique selections you probably would know how to even mail order.  They obviously care about the music and are extremely knowledgeable. so if its time to feel like your cool then stop and get something you won't be hearing on the radio and develop a taste of your own instead drivel the man feeds you   Parking is behind the building
4	This is one of the best record stores I've been to, and arguably the best one in the Carolinas.  Their vinyl selection is ace.  They stock all the most recent mainstream-indie LPs and have a sweet selection of way-far-out/experimental/avant/esoteric/WTF? albums.  Their 7" selection is really critical, too.  They also, unlike almost every record store these days that seems to think jazz stopped in the 80s, have a healthy selection of contemporary free-jazz.  Everytime my girlfriend and I visit Charlotte, we end up throwing down at least 60 bones each at Lunchbox.  I know they also have frequent PR in-stores, though I've never been to one.
4	Absolutely great record store. Awesome variety of music and an oustsnding collection of new and used vinyl! The only bummer is that I live in Atlanta, but I hit this place up every time I'm in Charlotte.
4	Tiny and full of awesomeness. If you want to hear something before purchasing, just ask nicely, and they'll probly stick it on the stereo for you. Indie and punk selection (CD's, vinyl) and zines is why I come here, and sometimes, for the all ages shows they host (often a few local bands and some out-of-towners, more often just locals) that are crowded as hell, but rad. You can get cheaper tickets to some shows here, but bring cash, because they don't do ticket pre-sales on cards. Park around back, behind the building, or across the street in the FD's lot. We've been known to sneak across the street to Snug for beers btw bands, since there's no beverage sales during the show.Best record store in Charlotte, hands down. Not that there's much competition for the title, nowadays.
4	Oh Lunchbox Records.....how I do love thee?   I have recently become obsessed with this place since I purchased my vintage record player from Craig's List about three months ago.  The variety of music they carry is great and I particularly enjoy how current and up to date the stock is kept.  I like oldies as much as the next girl, but sometimes I want to hear my favorite current artists on vinyl too.  I took my boyfriend here for his 30th birthday last week and $130 later, we left with 11 records spanning from the 1960's through the present.  The diversity is there also and that's a huge plus.  For example, we were able to purchase a brand new copy of Snoop Dogg's "Doggystyle" as well as "Rubber Factory" by the Black Keys and a little Grateful Dead just for good measure.  The owner himself was working the counter and that is just another reason to love local business!!!  Yay Lunchbox!  :)
4	Lunchbox is, very literally, your friendly local record shop.They have a healthy collection of new and used, cd and vinyl, and always more than a handful of well marked local artists. That is not to say that they are huge, because they are definitely not, but they make every square foot of that store work towards their music-y goodness. Oh, and anything they don't have, just ask and they can probably order for you.They are always more than willing to let you hear a new album on the store stereo before you buy it and if you happen to lose your phone in their parking lot they will totally help you look for it. I have bought everything from used Pat Benatar vinyl to a delightfully electronic Matmos cd there (and I didn't even feel like they were judging me for the Pat Benatar!).Their prices are a bit higher than you might find at some chain store or the used section of Manifest (used cds start around $6, new stuff flirts with a Jackson unless it's on sale) but the eclectic selection and wonderful local-ness of Lunchbox make it worth the extra coin.
5	Every city needs a good record shop, and thank god Charlotte's got Lunchbox.I admit that I download more than I physically buy music these days, but with Lunchbox so close, I've started buying CDs and records again.  Every time I've gone in, they've had exactly what I was looking for, and the dudes manning the counter are always extremely helpful.This awesome little independent gem is another reason Plaza Midwood is my favorite neighborhood in the Queen City.
5	Lunchbox has a great selection of new and used. Every time I go I want to spend all the money in the world, but sadly I can't. Lunchbox Records is easily Charlotte's best record store.
4	Lunchbox has a great selection of new and used records.  Their prices are comparable or lower than most other shops I've been in.  Their twitter updates are very helpful, since they tweet their just-in used LP's.  They ave a lot of different genres represented, and I know it's menial, but their labeling system is very helpful when sorting through thousands of records.  I definitely will be a regular at this place.It's really good to know that Charlotte has record stores like this.  It reminds me a little of the pre-2004 Manifest.Parking can be tough, back of the building is best or across the street in the CVS parking lot is your best bet.
4	My Ameoba Records of Charlotte.  Good to see independents available in a town of mostly mainstream everything.
5	I can't stress enough how important it is to go into Lunchbox and browse around, especially if you have a hunger (like I do) for hearing the new, interesting and eclectic. The owner, Scott, has poured his heart and soul into giving music fanatics a place in the Charlotte metro where we can go and dick around, dig through the stacks, and find something new and exciting. Record stores like this are hard to come by, you're lucky if your city has one - I know I've seen many good independent record stores hang on and eventually close due to poor sales or community interest. From what I've gathered, Scott has a strong customer base (myself definitely included) and I hope that Lunchbox sticks around for a very long, long time.But enough soapboxing about the state of really good record stores, you want to know what you're going to find there. Ok. So.When your eyes adjust to dim but cozy lighting indoors, you'll probably have a few adjectives spring to mind:1) Small;2) Cluttered; and3) Vinyl.Ok, so Vinyl's not really an adjective in this context. But it's an integral part of what makes Lunchbox so great - Scott collects a wide range of records in every genre imaginable: rock, pop, electronic, jazz, rap, soul, dubstep, IDM, punk, noise, classical, avant-garde, alternative, spoken-word, metal, I don't think I really need to go on. If you want it, they probably have it. If they don't, Scott will order it. The vinyl racks line the walls from front to back and are jam-packed with 12"s, 10"s and 7"s. There's a crate of box sets in the back. There's overstock Record Store Day in the corner. There's a section of new arrivals used vinyl halfway down the left wall and there's a decent stock of used records that you can dig through to your heart's content. The middle section of the store is CD racks - a strong selection of the afore mentioned genres and a decent selection of used CDs as well. It's not a huge used section and it's definitely an eclectic mix - if you're in for a really big used music selection, you should probably check out Manifest - but the stuff I do find there is well worth the time.Prices are really quite good for what you get, especially on the new music. Scott's goal is to sell just enough over cost to make it worthwhile. There's no crazy $6.99 Best-Buy-esque specials on new music but he is able to put some reduced price stuff up from time to time. Your standard-issue CD is going to cost $10-15. Vinyl prices are (as usual) slightly higher than CDs but generally range $15-20 for most releases.What really clinches the deal for me is Scott and his staff - they are great people, they know their stuff, and Scott has never once told me that an album is great just because he wants to sell it. Scott has led me to some absolutely incredible finds and I trust him completely on knowing something new and interesting for me to check out.So please, to get back up on the box, please visit Lunchbox whenever you want to hear something new. Buy it, don't download it, support your local record store and don't be afraid to hear something new. Lunchbox is another absolutely integral piece of the Plaza-Midwood neighborhood, and I'll be distraught if it ever goes away.
4	I've only ever been to Lunchbox on sunny Sunday afternoons, when my husband is all, "Hey, Grinderman has a new album out - let's go to Lunchbox."  When we get there, husband buries himself in the used section and does his whole flip-through-every-single CD in search of untapped gems (he generally comes away with two or three), and I surf along the top, occasionally dipping beneath the surface to come up with old mid-nineties rock albums I never bought but always wished I had.  Lunchbox is a small but truly great place to buy music, even if you don't get past the first shelf (which is stocked with lots of excellent new releases).Also, it's next door to the Dairy Queen, which is a must on a sunny Sunday afternoon.Lunchbox + DQ beat the Sunday afternoon blues every time.
5	Most people will tell you that vinyl gives a much warmer sound than anything digital - be it CDs or downloaded music.  That may or may not be true.  There are, however, problems with vinyl.The first is that vinyl is a royal pain to keep clean.  Remove an LP from its sleeve, whether it is one you have only just opened or one that you have carefully cared for all of these years, and the chances that it will play all the way through without a single skip are at best 50-50.  Often much less.For most of us regular non-audiophiles, the sound is probably not worth the hassle of dealing with the headaches involved in getting the thing to play: Cleaning each and every side of every LP each time you want to play it, just to have a chance of hearing the whole record.  Setting (and resetting) the stylus.  Removing the record sleeve, then the record.  Reversing the process.  CDs are so much easier, to say nothing of digitized music.Is it better?  Very likely.  But is it worth it?  That is up to you to decide.Once you have decided that you need some vinyl, there are only so many options left.  In Charlotte, Lunchbox is a great place to go to pick up some old records on the cheap.  I mean really cheap.  In many cases, just a dollar or two for the bargain bin.  Maybe five bucks for something better.  Of course, this is for old releases.  Newer stuff will set you back a bit more (and yes, new content is coming out on vinyl).You can even pick up turntables, both new and used, at Lunchbox, both the traditional kind and the USB sort in case you want to transfer your existing LP collection onto your computer so you never have to deal with those records again.  Note that this process is not simple, but it can be done.Naturally, the problems with vinyl cannot be attributed to Lunchbox - that is inherent in the media.  But if you have decided to make the jump, this is the place to go if you need help, or just want to explore and see if it is for you.  Definitely a resource to have on your list.
3	Whenver I visit a city, number one activity on my checklist is record shopping.  This was definately one of the better stores I've been to compared to equal sized cities.  Used selection was a little pricey for this city though.  They were about on par to NYC prices. Their used CD selection was both bountiful and well organized.  Particularly their metal section had some really good and hard to find stuff.  However their bins don't put the side where you can read the title facing up meaning you have to flip through every CD or pick them up in groups, but to make matters worse the bins were tightly packed and couldn't really get the CD's back in very easily.New CD's and vinyl had limited selection for Metal.Staff was nice and helpful and playing good music which is always a plus
4	Over the years I've heard a good amount of hype about this record store and this month I finally got to it. I don't buy records and Cd's much anymore. It's funny cause I get nostalgic quite often about buying them. It used to be so exciting to buy some band you had heard about in Maximum Rock n Roll or just the liner notes of your new favorite band's record. Well, the internet has put a stop on that for me. This record store is set up well. The staff for the times I've made it in, have known right off what band I was trying to find and directed to me to the records. Then have talked to me about that band and what they were up to. So, no Jack Black's here(High Fidelity). The prices aren't bad and a good selection for reading to. The parking the first time can be a little frustrating. If you're looking for some rare new band or just want to support an awesome local record store this is where you should go.
5	i have found some of my most prized vinyl at lunchbox. they don't carry crap. it seems like a rule. everything on the display is good and on my wish list. they know their demographic! the staff still can seem a bit... judge-y? I have been self conscious about my picks before... even though i thought they were awesome. BUT, if you are lucky enough to get the nod of approval, or even a "great album"... you will feel like you could be head music editor of Rolling Stone. Your self worth shoots through the roof. so maybe it is good that they don't hand those head-nods out like candy. (i got the head nod with Morrisey's "Viva Hate" and Bob Dylan's "The Free wheelin' Bob Dylan"...make note.)
5	I live in Charlotte now, and I frequent LunchBox. My bank account my not enjoy it as much as I do....but I freaking love this place! Best record store in town.
4	Lunchbox is Charlotte's little hidden gem. Central Avenue is the perfect place for it, too.I am a huge vinyl fan, so I have to go here often to purchase records.  The selection is so-so, but with vinyl becoming archaic since the popularity of CDs, iTunes & bootlegging, it is what it is.  They offer 12 inch & 45s.I am happy if I come out of there with something used, which is still in mint / perfect condition.  The used prices are decent, some are pricey.  New vinyl is expensive (in my opinion).The place is small & has a vast selection of CDs & DVDs.  The staff isn't too friendly nor do they seem overly happy for your business. But then again, in this case, I'm not here for the customer service.I really like that they give you the option to hear vinyl before you buy. They have a record player & headphones set up in the back for you to preview.
5	Quality beats quantity.  This store has the highest quality record collection I have seen.  They keep shoppers updated on their newly received new and used records via Twitter and Facebook status which helps to know what is in stock.  This alone keeps them at a higher rating than other record stores in CLT.
5	After discovering Lunchbox by my work i have become a weekly visitor it seems. I haven't been into vinyl long but this is the best shop in Charlotte, mainly because of the awesome New selection. Sure Manifest has a massive used section, which is great but their new stuff is nothing compared to tiny Lunchbox. Also a great place to learn about new music too.
5	Twenty-three people were in front of us (yes, I count sometimes) waiting for the doors to open at 1:00pm on a weekday and there is not even a concert, no "New Release" Party!  This is a popular place!This is my new Favorite place to shop for Music/DVDs and LOOK, which means I'm more than a fan of the patrons here!  In a popular shop this size it is easy to be inspired in very appropriate ways.  If you like what is in here there is a good chance you could meet someone who has similar taste... Enough about dating!They still have bands doing shows here too!  Small Live Music Venue... Very Cool!   For the size of the store they have a GIGANTIC Punk section and even for a store much larger they have a Huge Punk section.  After being here a little while it was easy to understand they only sell the cool Movies and Music.  I found more that I liked here than in several stores combined!  This time I found two DVDs that I thought I may not be able to find so easily and for only $4.00 each, one French and one Thai.  I felt more than lucky, more like Fortunate!
5	Love this place and always will. Great selection, regularly posts just-in used stuff and new releases on Facebook, and regardless of what other people say, the owner and his staff really does value your business. Lunchbox blows other Charlotte record stores out of the water, in my opinion.
4	HIdden little gem that I would have not known about if it wasn't for my husband doing advance research! Love this place. Great variety of Vinyl and CDS. Check it out for  sure.
5	What better place for a haven of vinyl than Plaza Midwood? Pardon, not just vinyl, but a great selection of new, old, classic, and unknowns that have been newly refound, used and delivered anew to this glorious establishment. I used to be a big CD buyer and this place has always been a treasure trove for what I was/am in the market for and wasn't in the market for.I love that you can always find something you didn't know you wanted until you saw it here. So many of my favorite bands tend to release vinyl editions of past records and I love that I can find them here. They always have box sets, too, which can be hard to find elsewhere, other than the internet. I've come in on a weekday and just perused for hours and had conversations with the owner about shows, new records, turntables and other things. He's a cool dude. They've been known to have some shows here, too. Usually something local, but still fun. It's a squirrely little shop with no real allocated parking lot. Take heed to some of the spots in the surrounding shopping areas as you may come back to your vehicle with with a nice, shiny boot on one of the front wheels.
5	For all my vinyl lovers, this is a great spot to get records old and new. Pretty good selection and knowledgable staff. I know I had popped in and pulled an artist out of thin air and I asked if they had it and they directed me to the section it was in. Very nice and friendly. Typical small, record shop with great deals scattered throughout. I usually end up finding quite a few records for as cheap as $2! It's just a nice atmosphere overall. Stop in if you have a chance!
4	There's this used music shop back in my hometown in NY where I would go every couple of weeks to see what CDs they got in and what not. I haven't found a similar place until we walked into Lunchbox Records. Not only did they have cheaper CDs, but they actually had vinyl albums, something we rarely see outside of a garage sale. The selection is decently organized alphabetically. Thankfully they have the new and used music separated and clearly labeled so you know exactly which section to search through. I tackled the used CDs while the miss' went after the albums and I was impressed with the prices of the used stuff. The CDs seem to go for an average of $4-5 and my wife picked up three vinyls for $5 each. The vinyls were all in great condition, scratch-free and played beautifully when we popped them in the record player at home.The only reason I give Lunchbox four stars is due to the parking situation. There are no parking spaces in front and apparently the lots on the side of the building are vigilantly guarded by the other stores who will report squatters. We ended up parking across the street in the huge Family Dollar lot and then ran across Central Avenue. Not the most ideal situation, but totally worth it if you want to spend some time perusing for some cheap tunes.
4	This is a small record shop with a good selection of new and used vinyl. The new vinyl was packed into the rack so tight I couldn't see the covers/titles, but I guess they're pressed for space here. I suppose you could pull out an armful and look at them, but I didn't bother. Prices are good for the most part. Staff seemed ready to help.Large punk section. I didn't see any jazz or classical, but I may have missed them, so if that's what you're looking for, call and ask before you go.
2	It isn't often that you're passively insulted by the staff at the checkout counter while dropping $100 at a record store, but that's what happened today at Lunchbox Records, a place I was pretty stoked about after reading all the reviews and browsing their selection.To be clear, this place has a really decent used selection and a nice variety of new stuff. They're also WAY into punk, which may explain a little bit of the condescension. The only annoying thing is how overstocked the bins are. You literally have to yank out each record to see what it is in the new sections. This is terrible for the records and their packaging, and you'd think they'd know better. If you don't have room for all those records, thin the herd, boys. Work with the space you have.It's a shame to feel like I have to write a negative review of this place, especially since it has so many positive ones. And I realize that I, too, sound condescending in tone here. But the way you're spoken to by the employees goes a long way. I've never instantly regretted a purchase at a record store, until now. But if you're from out of town and also visiting the Ikea store nearby, don't mention it to these guys. I got smirks and eye rolls. Pretty stunning, actually, to patronize a store, drop that much money (which was probably their biggest sale of the day), and get attitude based on a place I'd shopped at 10 minutes earlier. I didn't even get a "thank you" as I walked out. How punk!I dunno, maybe the greasy-haired twerp was having a bad day. Maybe there was something he felt particularly enraged about he'd read that morning in his current issue of Adbusters. I know it's probably difficult to wrap your mind around, but not everyone who patronizes your store will share your value system, or your taste. It's no reason to act like a child. Remember, the goal is actually to make your customers want to come back, even if they're from out of town. Next time I'll just take my bourgeois money to Manifest instead.
4	Came across Lunchbox by accident, a cool independent music store. One of the most remarkable aspects of  Lunchbox is its size, very personable, it's not for the masses and smart enough to not try. I  must stop by on my next trip to Charlotte
4	Nice little store with a lot of gems hiding out in the used bins. Clerk was extremely nice and asked genuine questions about one of the bands whose lps I bought. Charlotte is lucky to have a store like Lunchbox!
5	Charlotte is lucky to have two great record stores in Lunchbox and Manifest-they both sell CD's and other stuff also-But Lunchbox wins big as the place to buy vinyl.The new vinyl is cheaper and they have a wider variety-The used vinyl at Lunchbox is reasonably priced and in decent condition-any junk is priced real cheap-At Manifest you have to dig through lots of junk,and when you do find a little treasure it has a really sticky used price tag STUCK ON THE ALBUM ITSELF which is all but impossible to remove without pulling a bit of the cover off-when I buy records the cover is as important to me as the record-Lunchbox has the used records in plastic sleeves with the sticker on the plastic-As it should be!
2	To start off, I have been shopping at this store for awhile. Always ignored, not one word spoken from the clerks or the owner. The bins are crammed so tight its obviously doing damage to the records(witnessed a customer bringing back a warped record, clerk said well if it plays fine your going to have to speak to the manager).guys are way to into their image as vegan hipsters to be really customer friendly. Example. my birthday was recently. All of my friends got me gift certificates. While ringing up, the clerk said " I understand its your birthday, but all of these gift certificates are a total pain in the ass for me" literally. I was stunned, he was acting like he was doing me a favor letting me buy records from here. Well, there has recently been another record store open relatively close by on commonwealth and they care about their customer boys. I will take my business there, which they are also a record store day store as well. YOUR STORE SMELLS LIKE WILLIE NELSONS BRAIDS AND B.O . Thin out the bins, tell your clerks to try and not be to smug, appreciate the people spending money in your store. Remember they are the ones that have kept you in business this long.
4	Good selection, but cramped. Small store, tons of selection. You will have to almost pull the products out of the shelving to look at it.
4	Many stuff to check out here! Old and new. Records, classic, and more! Tshirts displaying different music bands. Great place for a date night to get to know each others taste. And conveniently close to restaurants or cupcake bakery.
