4	Awesome vibe and usually great coffee drinks (depends on the barista). The pastries are delicious and so are the sandwiches. It's a bit loud for serious working on weekends, also really difficult to secure a table.I adore the music! Weekdays are usually more peaceful. They have free wifi and it's a great place to hang out with friends before or after going to the Kitchener Farmer's Market. Several varieties of bread, bagels, and pretzels are also offered. My favorite one though is the yo-yo cookie. menu: http://www.theyeticafe.com/menu.htmlThey only take cash and interact.
5	You may have to scramble a bit around their hours, and you may have to shed some blood to get a seat, but the Yeti is a fabulous new cafe that really, REALLY shares the love.This itty bitty little spot by the Market serves an array of baked goods from both established brands and local creators, rotating coffee brews, and a large menu of sandwiches, all made from scratch and loaded with fresh ingredients. Celebrating local food as well as healthy choices, they offer Paleo options, vegan options, and are happy (as in MORE than happy) to accommodate any food concerns you may have. Believe me, even when working for a health food store, dealing with everyone's little allergies and food habits were really stressful, even frustrating at times. The staff here are not only willing to work with any preferences I may have, they seem eager to do it. When I say there's lots of love in here, there is quite literally, lots of love.This is not a place to go if you're in a super duper rush, but that's not the point of this place. The limited staff takes time with their customers at the till, and preps their food with care, so that when it finally arrives, you can tell they really spent their time with it. If you're lucky enough to snag a table, then whip out your laptop for some creative time. The Yeti's decor is very much a hodge podge of both knick knacks that create the vibe of a mountain area (old snowshoes, garage sale style paintings of wildnerness) and also vintage/homeyness, even if a little 70s-80s style with their furniture. You really just gotta love the charm. For all of that, I am quite willing to make the venture every time. Looking forward to this spot for a long time to come.
3	Tried the yeti. The staff are great , the place has a cool chilled out kitchy vibe. The food was pretty good, I was there for breakfast and was pleasantly surprised by the pregnant sasquatch. I found the hash browns to be over seasoned , they were way salty and the quantity to be a little light.Is is kinda expensive for the portions served.The sandwiches on there own look to be a good deal and if the rest are anything like the one I tried then that is what this place is all about.Good sandwiches to go. but costly for a sit down meal.
5	We love this place. Between the quality of the food and the hipster charm. The place is cosy but fun. I take the family there every Saturday before we head to the market. I enjoy both the Pregnant Sasquach, great coffee and fresh squeezed orange juice. Great place run by people that care. Happy to be a patron and support this fun place.
5	Fresh, delicious food made by amazing people. Had the pregnant cowgirl, an oat bar and the fresh lemonade. Dear god. Amazing. My sandwich had real, thick juicy bacon! REAL BACON, PEOPLE. I wish I could come here every morning!
2	The food was decent.  Had a pregnant cowgirl.  It was tasty, but not a revelation.  I could do this at home.The service was... odd.  My wife and I walked in, and were greeted with "Where's your dog?".  The odd girl behind the counter clearly felt we look like a yuppie couple, lacking only a Labrador to complete our lives.  Nothing like a little judgment as a greeting.She was asked by a few other guests to turn her "music" down, which she did grudgingly, and with attitude.  Music is in quotes, because it wasn't.  It was a series of clicking, squealing noises, with a high pitched tinnitus whine over top.  It was headache inducing.Our just fine sandwiches were delivered while she meowed at us (as though speaking, inflection and all, but meowing), and as we walked out, she insisted on hollering after us that she hoped we'd come back, unless we died first.  It was all delivered with a condescending tone, as though she was aware of some joke that we weren't.  Completely detracted from our experience.  In summary:Okay food served with a side of pretentious, condescending attitude.  Enjoy!
5	Amazing sandwiches, always made fresh and with great care. Try the Country Club or Terry Pender for lunch, or the Brunchie or BOB at breakfast.
5	I love this place! Really good coffee - really great food. I love the plate collection! As awesome as it gets. It's my replacement for an old favorite in Calgary - Nellie's. Love this place :) Had a pregnant cowgirl and a coffee. Will go back as soon as I have the opportunity.
