1	I really wanted to like this place too! We went last week and it took them 20 minutes to figure out what we were trying to order. I understand the place is new, but it was a bit ridiculous. The owner came out and aplogized and eventually we got our food. We decided yesterday to give it one more chance. When our order arrived my boyfriend bit into his spicy chicken sandwich and it was completely raw! We called into the restaurant from the drive up order stand and a car hop was sent out to see what the issue was. We were so put off by the raw chicken that we just wanted a refund instead of a new sandwhich. A few minutes later he came back and said his manager was busy. Not sure what's more important than possible food pisoning, but we waited for 15 minutes before he came back and stated they were having a computer glitch and if the order was not refunded to his card within a week to call the store. I guess a cash refund was not a thought when someone is sitting there for 15 minutes. They did refund the entire order which was nice, but we are definitely never going back!
2	This was my first time and I was really looking forward to it. The drive through person was either new or just had absolutely no idea what they were doing. 1 star for service. Ate off their breakfast menu. Good. But nothing special. 3 star. So 2 star overall.
2	In all honesty, I enjoy a good Sonic shake and Chicago hotdog. But, again in all honesty, I did not enjoy this Sonic in particular.2 words for you: Undertrained Staff!To start with, when I trying to order at a drive in area, I do not appreciate loud music playing over the top of me trying to order and listen to the guy over the speaker. This caused nothing but problems (meaning my order did get messed up). The training at this Sonic just sucks, they could not understand that I was ordering a Chicago dog, foot long size. I've ordered this countless times, but I was told that they don't make these at this location. Seriously? I explained to the manager even that they have a Ground Hog Day special every year where it is 50% off foot long hotdogs every kind including: Chili dogs, NY style, & Chicago style. They have foot long dogs on their menu, I just don't see the issue. The combo meals I ordered were also missing the toast. I guess they just did not understand what I was ordering????????I'm really only giving this Sonic a 2 star rating (instead of 1 star) because I enjoy the 50% shake price after 8pm. They can't mess this up....right? So to sum this all up, The food was not great, the service was horrific, and I always enjoy a verbal altercation when trying to order food (j/k). It's fast crap food. You get what you pay for.
2	The worst location I have EVER been to.  I have frequented Sonic in numerous states and at numerous locations.  First, they could not take our order accurately.  We repeated it about 4 times.  Then my husband always orders the foot long hot dog.  It is not on the menu.  However, they do offer a chili cheese dog and a plain dog (which she can add anything to).  Therefore, he puts the Chicago toppings on it.  He does this everywhere, without fail.  This time, they do not tell him but deliver a regular size hot dog to him.  The guy explains we are wrong.  When we are nearly done with our meal, the manager comes out and explains that we are wrong.  His staff was trained improperly.  He gave us another regular size hot dog.  This was nice.  But it was SO backhanded.  You are wrong, but here is a hot dog.  Thanks (please read that in a sarcastic tone).
1	My old man was pretty excited to go to this new Sonic, and we actually made a thing out of it by driving by to check and see if they were open yet repeatedly.  Then one day I noticed they were finally open so I sent him over there.  He got a burger and some tater tots.  After he had eaten, I asked how it was, and he said "well, the tater tots were good, but it was pretty spendy for such mediocrity."  Two weeks later he went again and brought home the goods.  Again, the food was subpar, unripe tomatoes, wilted lettuce, and they somehow managed to suck all the flavor out of their over priced food.  Another reviewer mentioned that Culvers is better, and they are right.  Maybe, hopefully, they'll turn things around after they've been up and running for a while.  But I'm not holding my breath on that one.A dream has been crushed here people.
1	Well, this Sonic sure doesn't meet the standards to any Sonic I have been to in the past.First thing- the parking lot, yes I get this is a drive-in, but this is also Wisconsin, there is very little parking for guests who choose to dine inside, the dirve-in area is also rather small for the area; many customers are Sun Priarie/Madison based which is a very large amount of people.Second- I chose to dine inside seeing as its December; this is a new building, however, it already feels disorganized, cluttered, and a bit dirty.  I noticed that it has a capacity of 40 people.... pretty shifty as it is located near many large business if a group of coworkers wanted to grab a quite lunch together, I really doubt this is where they'd want to be.  Third- Service. I think I could have served the customers better.  I noticed one customer go back to the counter three times in the mere 20 minutes I was there; her shake was wrong, she didn't get the condiments she had requested, and then once she recieved her shake, she wasn't given a spoon or a straw.... Another annoying point, I get that this is a fast food resturant, but do you hear the kid screaming in the corner because he spilt his soda right in front of the door to come in/out, and do you se his mother looking at you in a panic and trying to go between the counter to get your attention and try to quite her kid? Yea didn't think so because the servers were too busy messing up orders and neglected to notice that I know just had to hurdle over a puddle of soda... Last- Food.  I opted for a chicken stirp dinner, weighing the fact I figured that was more challenging to mess up.  Surprisingly, they managed to bring it out correctly. However, it comes with toast, wouldn't one think this toast would possibly be buttered or served with a side? Nope! Come out dry-as-a-bone, yuck! Overall; I suggest taking your business to the nearby Subway, Burrachos, or even Kwik Trip... yikes!
1	I went to this location about a week after opening. Ordered a soda drink that was 75% ice, so I went back for a refill and server said I would have to buy another drink. Disgusted, though not in he mood to argue, I asked for a glass of water as I was having issues swallowing the meal. I was told there was a charge for tap water!  I bought the water, then decided to try their sundae. I had to pay extra for hot fudge and about 12 small chunks of peanuts.  I thought I was buying a sundae, not a dish of ice cream.  Nowhere on the menu does it say toppings cost extra. False advertising and they nickel and dime you.  The quality of the hamburger meat was below average.
1	They spent all that time and money building that place, and it's awful.  Truly awful.  Even my 9-year-old said, "Dad, let's never go back there."I've had decent Sonic before, far from Wisco, so I know what it's supposed to be like.  This is a far, far cry from decent Sonic.  And let's face it, Sonic, at its best, is still subpar.  So, basically I'm saying this stuff is dog food.  It tastes terrible.  It's overpriced.  The employees looked lost, though it was still only a month after opening, so I'm sure they're still getting their "sea legs" as it were.  I imagine this location will end up closing up shop in the near future if they don't fix what's broken.Back to Culver's for me.
3	The owner of this franchise, Chris, wrote me a email asking me about his Sonic location. After a few correspondents' with him, I will be the first to say to all the reviewing on here: Give this Sonic another chance. This is the owner's first franchise. He does live around the Madison area, and he cares about having a good running franchise. For being a some what freshly built Sonic, they are having a  couple rough patches to figure out. But with some detailed complaints, the things I noticed seem to have been fixed. My recommendations: Order a foot long Chicago dog from here and enjoy it. What also separates this Sonic from a few others is the fact that the owner on this franchise decided to go with a high quality Vienna beef hot dog on all 6" dogs. Who knew?I think this Sonic could very nice (they just had to make a bunch of mistakes first to start to realize it).They have great ice cream shakes!!!! What more could you ask for?
4	Upon second visit, service was much better!  It looks like they are making improvements.  Manager was able to make an exception and honor two coupons for me on different menu items.
5	Went to sonic tonight for diner. All the previous reviews gor this place no longer apply. I thought it was great, I've had sonic in Texas and Washington and this one was better than both. We'll be back for more. Btw.. get the shakes, they really are good.
1	Stay AWAY! Far away. Apparently I never learn and I am a glutton for punishment. Because I keep going back and keep getting screwed over. But no more!First off on my last visit, I waited 20 minutes in the drive thru from the time I placed my order from the speaker to the window. Then I waited another 12 minutes at the window for my food. The guy at the window (the owner - Chris) said it would be just a moment - that was 10 minutes later. Never saw anyone again. Finally, my food - the fries were cold and nasty and the grease was starting to congeal! I like to eat my fries on the way home - I always buy an extra order just for that. It looks like they cook my fries when I first ordered - 32 minutes ago!I got home, my daughter said her burger was made wrong. We were missing an order of onion rings and my wife's coke was regular instead of diet. Also all the sodas were diluted and lack carbonation - probably from all that waiting.
5	I've eaten here a couple of times, and never had anything but a great experience. I'm actually pretty surprised that there is so much negative reviewing going on here. Back when they were first opening, it was a little slow. But that's to be expected from a new restaurant, and since then I've only had good experiences. The food and customer service are great, they're working hard to get the kinks out, and I think this store has real potential.
1	I wish I could give this place zero stars.I returned to Sonic after my first review because I saw a bunch of people sitting in the outdoor seating area, and I thought, "Maybe they got their act together."I went through the drive-thru to get a large Cherry-Limeade--probably the best thing Sonic does.  I didn't order anything else.  That was all--one large Cherry-Limeade.  The dude on the drive-thru mic asked me if I wanted to make a Route 44 size for ten cents more.  I love a good upsell as much as anyone--sold, my friend.I pulled forward and there was only one car in line in front of me.  It was parked at the window.  I pulled up and waited.And waited.And waited.After 5 minutes, I thought about pulling away, but figured I'd gut it out if for no other reason than this review.So I waited some more.And waited.And waited...  After thirteen minutes--yes: 1 3 m i n u t e s....Thirteen long, dull, pointless minutes where there was no interaction at all at the window.  Two other cars were stacked up behind me. I could tell from the body language that the girls in the car in front of me were angry.Finally, someone shows up at the window and starts passing bags of food through to the two girls in front of me.  It was at least six or seven bags, and a four-carrier of shakes.  I'm sorry--if you have a large drive-thru order like that, you pull the car to a parking spot to wait.  You don't make a dude wait thirteen minutes for one freakin' Cherry-Limeade.  That's Basic Drive-Thru 101.  If you can't get that simple thing together, your business is screwed.I finally get to the window and the dude at the window says, "You had three shakes, right?"I said no. "A large Cherry-Limeade."He turns to another guy.  "Can I get a large Cherry-Limeade, right away?"SERIOUSLY?  I wait thirteen freakin' minutes for a single friggin' drink and you don't even have it ready when I get there?  Oh, screw you, Sonic of Sun Prairie.  When your crappy restaurant goes belly-up, I will be there to dance in front of your For Sale sign.This place has been open for MONTHS. There is no excuse for incompetence like this.  I finally get my drink--more than 15 minutes after my initial order.  Fifteen minutes for one large drink, folks.  And they still charged me full-price.  And my Route 44 upsell was completely forgotten.If the owner of that Sonic ever reads Yelp:  Hey, dude--sell out to someone who knows what the they are doing.  Running a fast-food restaurant isn't hard. I know--I did it for three years, successfully, mind you.  Your employees are lost. Your food is lacking. And sitting in a drive-thru for fifteen minutes is unforgivable.  Even Culver's will burn people through in less than ten minutes.Go away, Sonic.  You're bad at your job.
4	Been in Madison just over a year now and still trying to find decent food. I am from the south and have no idea how these people enjoy their fast food/take out with so few good options. This Sonic is definitely reminiscent of the Sonic I used to enjoy back at home. I have been with my husband and daughter at least 6 or 7 times and had nothing but great experiences each time. Our order has always been correctly and freshly made. I love that they make your food to order; we haven't gotten a cold meal here yet. The managers on site are always nice and making sure things are flowing smoothly. I am quite surprised by the negative reviews because whenever we get an urge for Sonic, I know I can go to this location and get a fresh, decent meal.
1	Went at 1030pm.  Hours say open til 11pm.  Stopped at drive through and was told sorry were closed.  Slow service otherwise.
1	I had a coupon for buy one get one free milk shake, so I figured why not give Sonic a  try. I have never been to a Sonic before, so I don't know if this similar to all others.  I was extremely disappointed in the food. Apparently you have to buy the largest size milkshake, and then you get a smaller size one for free. The milkshake was OK (I had peanut butter fudge), my friend had Strawberry and thought it was OK.  We ordered onion rings and cheddar poppers....gross is what I can say. I'm not sure if they were fried too long, or they were in old oil - but they had an awful metallic aftertaste. My friend ordered a chili cheeseburger on texas toast, and we came home to find a fried Egg, Bacon, chili, and mayo on Texas Toast.  WHAT WAS THE COOK THINKING? EEW! My friend just had to throw the sandwich away. I ordered a crispy chicken sandwich, the lettuce on it was slimy and the sandwich itself was pretty soggy.  Even with using our coupon, our meals came to over $19!  Can't believe how much their "fast food" was. Will not be dining here again.
1	Love the drinks (cherry limeades) at this place, but their help is AWFUL!!!! I've experienced horrible service from this place on several previous visits, and today was no different. On numerous signs at this location it promotes "Happy Hour 2:00-5:00 pm-1/2 price all drinks!". My husband and I have gotten this deal numerous times in the past so, with it being 4:15 pm, thought I'd stop on my way home and get a couple limeades. I pull in the drive-thru, place my order, and when the amount totaled the drinks at REGULAR price, I asked the employee at the window "Shouldn't the drinks be half off?" She gave me a blank stare and replied "no". I then asked her if its happy hour, and she replied "We stopped doing that". Surprised by this and knowing they were advertising 1/2 price drinks for 2:00-5:00 happy hour, I asked her to double-check. She came back a few moments later "Happy hour only goes til 4:00". Disgusted with the service, lack of apology, and her lying to me about discontinuing happy hour, I said I changed my mind about the drinks. Thinking I was going crazy for just seeing the Happy Hour advertised from 2:00-5:00 pm, I double-checked the board by the drive-thru. Sure enough, Happy Hour was clearly stated from 2:00-5:00, and I was right about my drinks being rung up wrong. And also, what happened to the customer always being right? I think the Happy Hour specials are something employees should know. I love this place's limeades but their service has been horrendous every time I have visited. They really need to hire better help.
1	Wouldn't even give one star!!! The wait for drive through is always really long. It took me 20 minutes to get an order of small tater tots.
1	Terrible service.  A very simple 3 item order had to be repeated 4 times and they still got it wrong.  And it took 20 minutes to get the food.  Never again.  The prices are high.
