5	These guys are very reasonably priced, came out on short notice. Awesome trailer, great service and they made the party extra easy with about 15 kids inside the trailer the whole time I almost forgot we were having a kids party!  I recommend doing this toward the end of the day so that the lights they have for the outisde game can be used for the dance game that the girls loved the most...heck I would rent this for an adult party!
5	Call me lucky ! I have gotten to hang out at the EPIC trailer several times now.  Love to play video games ? Have a party to host?  Try this out for a major fun time. Stasy cool inside the EPIc game trailer.  No matter what your age and interest, the game trailer just screams fun !  The trailer has the the feel of a limo , plush and cushy with comfortable pleather seating , it has all the extras  with several  large game screens  for different groups of gamers in one  trailer.   Outside the trailer is the dance area , you can't go wrong with a disco ball! The uber large screen on the outside has you immediately ready to shake your groove thing. Groups can dance to all the latest video dance games. Makes me want to have a party just to hire them!
5	Epic Game Trailer was a total hit.  Chris is awesome and I never worried about any detail.  Once he showed up I had 16 kids in the trailer for 2 hours none stop and a group on the outside dancing like there was no tomorrow.  My daughter is 8 and everyone enjoyed the trailer because of all the options.
5	Was an amazing experience for our son's 8th birthday. Mike(the game conductor) was great at catering all 15 of the kids in attendance's needs. I highly recommend the Epic Game Trailer to anyone who wants to have the best party of the year with little work involved.
5	I used this for a double birthday party for my sons.  Had 12 kids, 6 to 8, in it. Driver arrived early and had it up in running in no time.  He kept the games rolling and the kids entertained.  Once the trailer opened they only left to use the bathroom and eat.  This was suggested by a friend....it was amazing!  Kids entertained and it made for a stress free double birthday party.  I will use this again.
