4	Best Chinese take out in Charlotte. Huge portions and great prices. They have been very consistent for the 15+ years I have been eating there. The same lady is always there, I feel bad because she never has a day off. Seriously I have never been there when she wasn't there. My favorites, sesame chicken, general Tso's, cashew chicken, sweet and sour chicken. Great egg rolls and fried rice.
4	If you are ok with hole-in-the-wall local Chinese places, this one is great. Typical deal... run down place, same person all the time, etcetera, etcetera. The food is good, the portions are big, and the prices are good. This is not gourmet fare though, fairly typical american style Chinese fare.The people are always nice, and once you call a few times, they know you. If you are in the neighborhood and want a quick-fix, by all means get take-out from there. They don't deliver, and the place is run-down, so why not take the yumminess home and watch some TV?
4	Love this little place! It is a reliable whole-in-the-wall, neighborhood restaurant. I've never stayed to eat there, it is a little run down, but it is a perfect take-out place. You are always greeted by the same friendly people who take your order and get it done fast. The prices are great and the portions are generous. There are several other (American) Chinese places to choose from in the area, but this one just always gets it right. I have tried most of the items on the menu and favor them all over their competition. Their egg rolls, sweet & sour chicken, and vegetable lo mein are my favorites, not to mention their Chinese donuts are just a sugary, melt-in-your mouth piece of heaven! If you are in this area of Mint Hill, drop in and get some take-out, I promise it won't be the last time you make your way to Hop Feng II!
5	Local chinese food, fit for a king.Food portions are huge, for little money.Love this place.
1	Chopsticks in Matthews is 10times better, All we tasted was salt, salt,  and more salt. The eggrolls was hard and where were the stuffing? The fried rice tasted like white rice with rubber shrimp in it. Worst Chinese ever.
4	Definitely my go-to place for Chinese takeout. Our family's favorites are the General Tso's Chicken and the Fried Dumplings. One of the few (only?) places I could feed 7 people for under $30 and we would often have leftovers!Family run place, very nice people. They are open nearly every day (can you say Christmas Eve Chinese takeout?). If you call in food is usually ready in 10-15 minutes unless they are slammed.Worth a try if you live in the area.
3	My go to place for quick chinese food. The food is good, especially for quick service. The service is quick and the people are nice. Exactly what you can expect from a quick service chinese restaurant
4	Each Chinese fast food place is different and each has their own speciality. This place's speciality is their wings and their crab ragoon! We love it and order often. The owners are really nice, especially the wife! I gave this place four stars because I'm not a big fan of their rice. as a chinese place, rice is important to them. In the past, my rice was always hard/crunchy and dry. Cooked with the bbq pork makes it smells really bad. Thats just me though. I don't eat take out rice often so I don't mind not ordering rice with my dish.
1	Please count your change before leaving this location! I was not given the correct change on two occasions and notices before walking out.
