4	Don't get why people like the place but then they complain about price. They have a few things that are on sale (usually the stuff that isn't in great demand for some reason or another) and they matched their online price for a table I got. Some stuff that is unusual can be pricey but IKEA is right across the street and while cheaper, a lot of the stuff they carry is not worth the low price. Thingz carries the recycled steel furniture made in Colorado which I really like. I find everyone to be helpful and friendly. The only thing that felt weird about is the cleanliness of the place. For example the high top chairs by the checkout counters were dirty and it was showing in the fabric they were made of.
4	Classy furniture for those with discerning tastes.  Prices are high for items, but there are sales, and then when you ask more questions, the sales staff indicates that all furniture items are custom made.  Hence, the prices are higher, because there are no factories full of Chinese children making them.  In fact alot of items showed they were American made.  What a novel concept.  Sales stuff is very helpful, and items are one of a kind.  Dress your room to impress here.
4	If you like contemporary and unique decor items than this is a store you should check out.  I just love walking around in here.  The furniture is well made and unique so there is always something that inspires or can generate a creative idea that can enhance your home.  The designers  are very knowledgeable, friendly and will help you with any questions you may have.  I took a photo of a bed they have on the floor that has a light on each side and mood lighting beneath the bed.  Again, it's not something you will see in every furniture store so  it's worth shopping here.  It can be pricey but they currently have a great sale going on - 30-60%.
3	Cool furniture.  Lousy delivery service.We purchased a table and chair set at Thingz and decided to have it delivered.  The cost was $85 (per hour).  We had a similar table and chair set at our place about 10 minutes away that we wanted taken to a consignment store (about 15 minutes away).  I figured it would take 10 mins from store to my place, about 10 minutes on site to bring up the new table, base, and chairs and to remove the old table, base and chairs.  15 minutes to get to the consignment place and another 10 minutes to get back to the store.  All told it should have been an hour or less.All went wrong.  The guy went to the billing address (10 miles out of the way) without coordinating where to go and coordinating the consignment piece.  AFTER unloading and installing the new furniture and and putting the old stuff in the truck, he conveniently mentions the cost will be $175 and wants payment immediately.  We settled on $150 and payment of $110 at that time and $40 at the consignment store.  So $150 delivery and removal fee on a purchase of $930....not kinda steep....incredibly steep, and very lousy communication (most via text as opposed to a phone call).Moral of the story...good shopping experience, bad execution.  I'd HIGHLY encourage reader to arrange for their own delivery plan.
