4	I came here (albeit drunkenly) to watch my friend play indoor soccer.  Yes, we were down in Tempe.  And yes, this place is way out in the boonies...but this sports complex is cool.  I was just browsing the website, and apparently they have locations around the US.So it's a bunch of baseball fields with and indoor soccer field in the center.  The place itself is awesome because they have replicas of baseball stadiums.  And not just any baseball stadium, but one of the Big A!  They even have the big rock A.  So that is a huge plus right there.Now I don't know about any of the baseball stadiums, but the indoor soccer stadium sells beer!  Another reason why this place is awesome.The only problem I have is with the humidity of the soccer stadium and the plexiglass.  With the sun shining in the afternoon, it makes it hard to watch a play of the other side of the field.Other than that, this place is great.  And while I won't be driving out for every indoor soccer game of my buddy's, I will gladly come out here to sip a few beers every once in a while!
3	great complex and perfect for indoor soccer...just a shame they gouge everybody that passes through the door.  friends have to PAY to watch me play???  come on....
4	Big League Dreams is one of a number of baseball parks we frequent with the kids playing travel baseball.  It is one of the nicest facilities with paved sidewalks, individual ballpark seating with some shade cover, and indoor clubhouses (free to enter) with A/C, snack bar, bar & televisions.  From a viewing perspective, the nicest facility we've been at to date.The fields are fairly well kept, though they have some drainage issues with it rains (we've had games canceled after rain).  The area behind the plate is far to large for younger players and the net over the backstop area intrudes on playable pop ups, but it I'm sure it helps keep the facility in better shape.The biggest issue I have is one they BLD cannot control... it's an hour from my house, so I dread driving out and back a couple times in a weekend.  Overall, one of the best facilities in town, but I'm always hoping for better.
3	Great Fields, best fields in the Valley, just way too expensive
4	Upsides: Fun place to watch indoor soccer.  The indoor soccer area has its own food sales.  And they play fun music during games!  Downsides: Sometimes it gets cold inside.  Sometimes it gets smelly when the air conditioner is off.
2	The place is great, but the people working there are AWFUL.  I was treated so poorly for bringing water to the place.  The girl there literally yelled at me and was a total jerk about it.  She even followed me after I ditched the water and yelled at me as I was leaving.  They charge WAY too much for anything there, especially to be treated so poorly.  The facilities are nice, but the service is horrendous.  I am going tonight, and if I find the person who is mean, I will let other Yelpers know to stay away from her.
5	Great place to play and grab a beer at one of the two bars! Fields are well maintained an stadiums are sweet replicas!
4	This place is freakin legit! I'm not a huge baseball fan, but even I can appreciate 6 replicas of 6 major stadiums. So awesome!  Plus there is food gallore! The sucky part is it's in the middle of nowhere and you're paying movie theater prices for nachos and beer, which I guess is expected at any sporting event type of activity. In conclusion, great times were had by all
4	My cousins son is an accomplished baseball player for his age and his team was playing in a tournament here the week after Christmas.    On the last day of the tourney I was able to make it out there to watch them play in the Semi Finals and Proceed to win the Championship in their Division. This is not ordinary collection of ball fields...this is the Cadillac (or  you pick some higher class vehicle above a Camry and below a Lamborghini)  of ball fields and  support facilities.  They have artistic backgrounds with photo prints of  the stands full of fans and each grouping of 3 fields or so has its own Bar and Indoor Snack bar.   I was not able to check out some of the large indoor sports facilities they have but looked pretty nice and in the summer heat of the Valley it is nice to have a facility that is "climate controlled".
5	nicest fields in the East Valley
5	This is a great place to play softball for kids and adults. It has great concessions with lots of options for meals. The concessions is indoors with a nice bar. It also has a playground for younger siblings. The umpires are great and management truly cares about the needs of your team. The batting cages are really nice as well.  Another great thing is that when you pay to get in they give you a token that is good for $1 off any food or beverage. It is a great place to bring your family!
4	Great facility for baseball and softball.  Played a few seasons of Coed softball there.  Enjoy visiting on the weekends when they have baseball and softball tournaments with youth and adults.  Since it is such an awesome experience, you do have to pay more.  Food isn't cheap, but it is good.  Pay to enter, as I'm sure lots of people mentioned.  But it is one of those- you get what you pay for.
1	To much money to get in. They charge $5 for adults and $1 for players. The food in ok. The fields are not that taken care of.  The one thing that makes me mad they hassle me about being in water.  I really hate this place, but this was where the club baseball tournament was today.
1	Prices keep going up, odors and filth in restrooms are bad.  Dining area is dirty and headed downhill.  Deferred maintenance us obvious all around.  Nice to have this kind of facility for kids games.  Kids have a good time.
2	I have played softball all over Phoenix, a few places in Vegas, and in Pittsburgh. I play league here quite often and don't really enjoy playing here that much. First off, I know this is corporate mandated, but to pay the amount of money for league is insane unless you have a sponsor. For the price (slightly higher) than every city league, you only get one game a night, instead of 2. You have to sign up for two league which ends up costing over 1000 for an 8 week season. After you pay that for league, you then have to pay $3 dollars to get in every time even if you are playing. ($3 is softball prices, I don't know about soccer or baseball). The rules are also pretty ridiculous. You can lead off and you can't hit the ball anywhere near the pitcher without it being an automatic out. Home runs are fairly reasonable especially if you play in the higher divisions. I will say that they definitely try to keep the divisions fair.Continuing with the price theme, food and drinks are pretty expensive. It isn't insanely high, but eating here definitely isn't worth the money. I usually go with a pretzel which is reasonable, or the two slices of pizza and drink combo.Field conditions: The conditions tend to go up and down, mostly relating to how much little league is being played. The spikes/cleats from the baseball players really cut up the all dirt infields. There tends to be some humps or hills in certain spots. The outfields seem to be alright, I never really play the outfield so I can't really comment. I played at the BLD in Vegas and fell in love with those fields. I wish our BLD was built like theirs was. (Although it was for a huge tournament so they probably had them well prepped going into the weekend)Staff: This is one of the high points of this place. All of the staff are usually in great moods and are super friendly. The bartenders are great and friends with a lot of the regular players out there.I will say that I do enjoy playing USSSA tournaments at BLD Gilbert. Paying the $3 dollars to get in for the day isn't an issue for me like it is for league. Having the air conditioned buildings are nice to cool off when you are waiting in between games.Overall, the facility is nice. The fields are definitely cool to play on if you never played here before. The replica fields are fun. They just need to focus on doing a better job with the condition of the fields. I would recommend you playing here if you haven't, especially for tournaments. But if you are not trying to spend a lot of money on league softball, this IS NOT the place for you.
5	Here for the indoor soccer. It's fun. Lots of seats to watch.  The turf is in good shape.
