4	I am not an expert on the subject of Laundromats.. I hardly use them as I have not yet found myself in a living situation where I have to frequent one, but every once in a while the 3 washers and 3 dryers my complex supplies for my huge building doesn't cut it, so I end up here.1) It is not a coin laundry. You purchase a card ($1) and then put money on the card. You can add cash (any denomination)  or you can add on with a Visa card ($10 minimum). If you never see yourself coming back to Spintastic, you can turn in your card for not only the $1 you paid for it, but also for the remainder on the card. (I am not the greatest change/coin collector, so this works for me)2) There are many different washer sizes and just as many dryer options. The smallest is what they consider a "double" load, but I'm fairly certain it is what any washer nowadays holds. $1.99 a wash. Then there is the triple which is $2.99, then the 4x, which is $3.99 (this easily held two sets of sheets, four bath towels, and then some). I think there is an 8x but I didn't need to go there. Usually about 22 minutes a wash (extra rise/wash available for 25 cents) Each washer has coloured dots stickered onto it which match up to a dryer, and I've noticed many users take this as more of a "suggestion" than a rule, but whatever works for you. My medium dryer held everything I needed to dry from all of my washes and was about 69 cents per 8 minutes. (I don't know if the prices differ per dryer size)3) The employees are more than happy to help you out. There are tons of carts available, free wi-fi, clean folding tables, a kids play area, a pool table and arcade games, multiple TVs, and overall it's a nicely lit and clean laundromat. I think they sell snacks, and they have a soda machine. Maybe not the cheapest, but I don't mind spending a few dollars more if I can actually do some work, always have a place to sit, and can get a ton of laundry done in a fraction of the time it would take me at home.
4	Very clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful.  I love when laundromats use the cards instead of coins!
4	As long as I have to use a laundromat, this is about as good as it gets. The place is clean and cheerful. They use cards instead of having to haul in ten pounds of quarters--you get the card for a $1 fee on your first visit, and add money at the machine whenever you need to. They have free wi-fi, plenty of places to sit down, and even a couple of nice comfy chairs that you will fall asleep in if you're not careful. If you are a Spanish speaker, the staff and all signs are bilingual. There are several sizes of both washers and dryers available.I docked them one star because the last couple of times I have been there, a few of the washers have been out of order and they seem a little slow getting them fixed.
5	So Spintastic gets 5 stars because it's about as good as it gets for a laundromat, me thinks.  Came here bc the dryer at my place was busted and waiting on the repairman.  I found the people working the place extremely helpful.  It was my first time there and she walked me through the steps of how to get a card, which machines to use, where I could buy the soap... only thing she didn't do was fold my dried laundry! Heh.Will remember this place for the future in the event that I need to get my clothes washed and ready.  Free wi-fi and a soda machine is convenient.  Oh and if you have a balance left on your card, you can redeem the card and any remaining balance if you like.dmo out
4	If you have to go to a laundromat, this is definitely the place to go.  Plenty of washers and dryers, lots of seating, and free Wi-Fi go a long way to make this clean, convenient establishment a great place to go.When I first moved to Charlotte, I lived in a second-floor apartment with fairly steep outdoor stairs.  No WAY was I going to buy a washer and dryer for this apartment, only to have to haul it outta there.  I searched quite a while for a good place to wash laundry, and finally I happened upon this place.  The washers and dryers might be a smidge higher than other places, but it's totally worth it.  Basically, for $1 you get a laundry card that you can add money to.  You can use cash (which you get bonus credit for) or add money using a card (very convenient).  Washer prices range from $1.75 for the small to around $6 for the largest (holds like 5-6 loads, I believe).  They also have small, medium and large dryers, with the largest being around $1 for 8 minutes.  Unlike some of the other laundromats, this one is staffed, and the staff has always been helpful to me when I needed them.  I'm glad I have my own washer and dryer again, but should something happen to them and I need to go to the laundromat again, I'd pick this place over any other place in Charlotte.
4	Good prices and clean..NO QUARTERS NEEDED!  You have to get a laundry card which you add money to either by cash or credit card. The card is a dollar which you can get refunded once you return it to the cashier.  Like all public laundrymats, the washers are great, but driers are a different story.  Just be prepared to dry stuff for more than 30 mins if you're on any temperature other than HOT!
5	Are you lazy and don't want to do your own laundry? Hate folding clothes? I am and truly despise doing these simple chores.  If you do too, then look no further.  Spintastic comes to the rescue.  Spintastic has drop-off service at a very reasonable rate.   I usually wait for two weeks for my laundry to pile up.  It used to be such a pain to drag my laundry to the laundry machines at my apt. complex (I don't have a washer and dryer in my apt.)  I would estimate it costs me about $8 - $10 for washer/dryer and soap.  My laundry usually comes out to $16 at Spintastic.  Worried about your whites? Spintastic will separate for you and bleach those suckers! Fabric softener? Spintastic does that as well.  Folding - the biggest pain of doing laundry? Yes, Spintastic folds clothes neatly and organized fashion.  For an extra $6 every two weeks, I'm definitely going to take more advantage of the great service Spintastic offers.  Great service with great customer service gets this place 5 stars from me.Thanks, Spintastic!
5	Very clean, easy to use, helpful, super helpful staff. They have wash fold service and I would definitely let the staff do my clothes for .95 cents a pound.Thank you, spintastic for being convenient, clean and nice! Did I mention free wifi?!
5	Wow, this place is amazing! The breaker to my dryer needs to be replaced and I havn't washed clothes in 2 weeks so I drove to this location based on the reviews and I am not at all disappointed. I went to the counter and told the lady that it was my first time at a laundromat ever and she walked me step by step through everything. I realized I forgot my laundry sheets and detergent and she even helped me with that issue. If you ever forget anything, all your essentials are available to purchase. The areas are clean, free wi-fi, a play area for your kids, vending machines, refund on the rest of your card balance if you don't plan to return anytime soon, and so much more! I am very impressed by this business. Very very friendly and I will definitely be returning in the future when I need.
5	I absolutely love this place! It's always clean, there's free wifi and plenty of places to sit and set up with your computer or a good book. There are several tables and chairs throughout the place and many more folding tables with stools as well. If you want more privacy, there are tables at the end of washer rows and in various other corners available too. There's a microwave if you bring your lunch and vending machines with various drinks (including non-traditional choices like tamarind and mango juice). There's a total of five tv's and they all play something different. One of the tv's is dedicated to kids shows and is in a kids play area, one tv is always on Food Network (my favorite since I don't have cable or satellite at home!), one is usually on the Travel Channel, one is always on CNN or another news station and the last changes what it plays. There are multiple sizes of washers and three sizes of dryers. They also have hangers available for purchase (5 for $1) in case you forget them or run out and they have several types of travel size laundry detergent, fabric softener, softener sheets, bleach and other laundry care items for sale in case you forget something. There is always a staff member present that can answer all of your questions and help you if needed - they are all very friendly and knowledgable. I have seen one of the owners here on a few occasions and they too seem very nice. They are also very good at making things right should something go wrong - for example, one time a washer did not spin correctly on the last cycle and my clothes were still sopping wet. I let the attendant know and he immediately paid for a new wash on another machine and paid for my dryer cycles as well as refunded my washer cycle purchase.This is definitely the best laundromat in Charlotte and I'm so happy it's available. If of have to use a laundry facility - you should definitely give Spintastic a try!! You won't regret it :)
