5	Classic old theatre with a stage, movie screen and the Wurlizer organ in the corner.  North of campus, in downtown Champaign, near good dining.  They host good music concerts, and David Sedaris has appeared.
3	Older theatre but it still does the job! It's got a lot of character to it and sometimes you can see a pretty decent concert there!
4	The Virginia is an older theatre with plenty of character and a sense of humor in selecting its cinematic choices.  I went to day on a lark with a guy friend of mine to see "Annie Hall," a movie I hadn't seen in ten years, but remembered loving.  Josh and I were definitely the only two guys that came together, and it was incredibly amusing to watch one of the ticket takers eye us as if we were on a date.  So what if it was Valentine's Day, and I was there with a delightful companion to watch a romantic comedy?  Oh wait...that does seem kinda like a bromance/man-date.  Oh wells. The theatre itself is spacious, beautifully laid out, and the right balance between older charm and current practical usability.  I'll definitely come again for a cheap flick.  Or maybe another bromance.
5	Beautiful old theatre that reminds me of the Orpheum in Madison.  Gorgeous.  But, better than that?  I just saw "Role Models" for $2 last night.  The tickets were so cheap that we decided to get an enormous bucket of popcorn for...$5.  I don't know what soda costs (the boy got that while I was in the theatre), but it couldn't have been more than $2.  So..$11 total to get tickets to a new movie, and mad concessions?  That's the greatest deal in the world.We want to give them as much money as possible, which will include seeing the upcoming screenings of Vertigo, Ghostbusters, and Cinderella as performed by the Champaign Ballet.
5	An absolute treasure in downtown Champaign. A 150-foot screen that shows classic films monthly in their original frame size. I've seen Casablanca, Butch Cassidy & The Sundance Kid, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Top Gun, Rear Window and many other films there. They have great concessions, cheap tickets, and an original Wurlitzer organ. The Virginia is also becoming Roger Ebert's personal project and he holds his film festival there every April. It's a great experience if you ever get the chance and the movies he picks are always awesome, but overlooked films.
5	The Virginia is an historic old movie theatre that can also stage plays, concerts or whatever. I am very happy that they are restoring the theatre and the old pipe organ to their former glory. I have been there to see many plays and classic films as well as attending the Ebert fest. I hope the restoration puts the old (but not original) Marquee back in place so the lights and signage can be seen from down the street again.
5	I had the opportunity of visiting the outside area of Virginia Theatre when visiting IL downtown, and must I say, how incredible this place is! The silver color walls are astonishing and beautiful to look from far and close. You can walk up the stairs on the side and reach a place that is cozy with flowers and some.
