4	We booked a tour to Hoover Dam through this company. The experience was positive. The driver was informative and friendly. The service was good, although they do not pick up at every hotel. There were about 4-5 specified places to be picked up. We were at the Bellagio and had to walk to Ceasar's which was no big deal. On the way home the driver dropped people wherever they wanted to go along the strip. The price was reasonable and the trip was a good value.
4	i did the grand canyon west rim + skywalk + helicopter + pontoon boat ride with a stop at hoover dam on the way on 6/21/10. got a really good price so i couldn't pass it up. this company didn't seem to have a lot of good reviews, so i was really skeptical when i booked this tour. i kept reading online that another rival company was the best, so i took a leap of faith when the sales guy sold me this one. my experience was pretty good. if there were 3.5 stars, that's what i'd really give. they were prompt in picking us up at our hotel, picked up a whole bunch of other people and took us to a central meeting place where they gave us a brief itinerary and had us pay and eat breakfast. it was hardly a breakfast. it was one of those tiny Svenhard danishes (only one!), coffee, and a juice box drink. i knew i'd get hungry soon. then we split up onto 2 motorcoaches.we had to transfer buses several times. something about the size of the bus that wasn't allowed into the canyon. the main motorcoach that we rode to get to the grand canyon was pretty awesome! it was new, double decker, had a bathroom, and small blaupunkt tv screens throughout.the one thing that PISSED me off was when we paid, we received a red sticker for the west rim tour - we were supposed to wear it at all times so they could identify us.  the stupid cashier didn't give us our orange sticker (which we didn't know about until later), that signified customers going on the helicopter tour as well. we almost weren't able to go on the helicopter tour because of this!!!! we were rudely told by the helicopter company's bus driver that we couldn't get on their transfer bus because we "don't have an orange sticker." they didn't have a list of names or anything, and they told us our receipt "don't mean nothing." thankfully we had our original booking statement with us, so they let us on the bus. who knew that a little sticker would be such a big deal?? i called airbridge tours to complain on the way to the grand canyon and they assured me that there wouldn't be any problems at the helicopter site since they had a list of names. and there weren't really any problems, just that they had us down for a party of 2 instead of 3, which was easily resolved. let me tell you about where you waste a lot of time - standing in line when you get to the grand canyon. there is a central tour meeting place where hoardes of people from different tours go to all use the same services. there are lines for the helicopter tour, the hualapai ranch, and the two different viewpoints all in one area. you have to take a separate bus to get to each place (except for the heli tour), and you can only get to the 2nd viewpoint from going to the 1st viewpoint. sound confusing? well it was. the line for the heli tour was on-site and super long, as they had to group everyone up based on weight while trying to keep families together. they only took groups of about 6 ppl at a time so you can imagine how long that would take when there are several different tour buses at the same place. it was a zoo in there. the helicopter ride was provided by Papillon helicopters, which is supposedly the best in the area. i was pleasantly surprised to learn that airbridge partnered with them. the heli ride was pretty fun, i got to sit in the front with the pilot :) you go down to the makeshift heli pad into the canyon, then take a 30 min pontoon boat ride down the colorado river with the same group you came with. thankfully i had a nice bunch that meshed well with my family. we had a chinese (no offense) boat driver and i didn't understand 2/3 of what he was saying because of his strong accent. he was very nice though. it was great to see a different perspective of the grand canyon from the colorado river. after the boat ride, they fly you back up to the meeting area in the helicopter.they gave us meal vouchers for lunch but didn't explain to us that we had a choice between the two restaurants on site at the west rim (at different lookouts). we found out the hard way, after ordering some not-so-great tamales from the first lookout at eagle point. guano point offered a bbq lunch that smelled awesome, especially after barely eating the tamales. so just be aware that you have a choice and don't use your voucher on the first snack bar you see. things may change so if anything, just ask about it.the skywalk was meh. not scary at all. i guess i can say i did it though, yay. you can't bring anything on it, including cameras! we barely had time to spend at guano point, which i thought had the more spectacular views. we had to hurry up and get back to our tour buses (but had to wait for transfer buses to take us there) so we were kind of disappointed. waiting in various lines took up a big chunk of our time. they give you 4 hours but it goes by pretty fast.planning on the south rim next time; went when i was 4 but don't remember it!
5	Decided to act as a tourist yesterday. Parked my car at Caesars and I was picked up on time as promised to take me to Hoover Dam. Driver was excellent, check in was smooth and efficient and got me back in time as promised! I will use this tour company every time now that I've used them once!!!!
1	I called their 877# for information & to book a Hoover Dam Deluxe tour .  April answered both times and she is a very rude, impatient woman.   As I write this, I am currently on hold for the second time, as the first time I was "disconnected."  The first time I was on hold for 5 minutes until disconnect, and am now on hold for this 2nd call over 5 minutes.  (It's on their dime, so I don't care!!!)  Still no one has picked up to help me.  I am getting nowhere and they are not getting my money either!!!  By the way, April just hung up on me, again!!!
5	My friend & I had a GREAT time on the Hoover Dam tour!!!  Yes, you read it right;  I went.  Why?  After receiving a personal email & phone call from one of the owners, Daniel, apologizing for his employee & offering us the trip gratis, how could I not give them a chance.  I discovered that this is a family business that wants to do right by their customers & goes the extra mile to make sure we all have a good time on whatever tour we might choose.       We received a phone call from Daniel when we arrived in Las Vegas & a reminder call the day before the tour.  We were promptly picked up at our hotel, The Riviera, by a very friendly tour driver named Spencer.  We liked him right away.   He was friendly and polite to everyone on the bus, not just us.  He took all of us over to the infamous Vegas sign & allowed all of us enough time to take pictures that most tourists don't get a chance to.  Then he explained we were going to a "check-in transfer" area where we would get on different buses depending on what tour we had chosen.     My friend & I were met by Jason at check-in.  Without knowing what had happened to me (on that infamous phone call), he apologized on behalf of the owners & employees of the entire company.  This check-in area is a small airport/heliport that also has a gift shop & restrooms.  Jason was very gracious as well:  He gave us our tour stickers & helped us get to the right bus, where we met Tony.     It was explained to us that Tony might be difficult to understand due to his accent, but it actually added to his charm!  And being from South Florida & New York, I understood him just fine.  He was a very funny & friendly tour guide/bus driver.  Being it was my friend's birthday, he had the entire bus singing "Happy Birthday" to her.  In fact, everyone in the company we came across wished my friend a Happy Birthday.  So nice & she wasn't even too embarrassed.  Let me tell you something - if you are taking this Hoover Dam tour, try to get on Tony's or Spencer's bus!  They are funny, friendly & informative - you will not be sorry!      We were given a ticket for the Power Plant Tour, but decided that we wanted to walk on top of the Dam and take pictures instead.  There is really not enough time to do both.  But first we made a stop in the gift shop to get our free gift - a special Hoover Dam magnet!  We spent over 90 enjoyable minutes at the Dam & got some great shots!  Back on Tony's bus, he dropped some people off at the little airport who were going on the Helicopter tour, and then we went to lunch.     We were taken to the Railroad Pass Casino for a wonderful buffet lunch.  The food was delicious and the choices many.  Beyond what we thought we might get!  Wow on the desserts!  Too many to choose from, so I had to take little bites of a few.   We had plenty of time to fill our bellies & even gamble a bit.       Then back on the bus to go to the Ethel M's Chocolate Factory & Cactus Botanical Gardens.  (On the way, we were given a small tour through the town, with Tony telling us bits of trivia.)  There is a small gift shop & short factory tour where they give you a few chocolate samples.  Yum!  After that, you enter their chocolate shop & try not to drool.  They have so many different types & styles of chocolates for sale, that you will have a hard time deciding.  Being an amateur photographer, I walked the paths of the Cactus Gardens to take pictures.  The Gardens are beautiful!  One could really spend a couple of hours there enjoying the atmosphere, but alas, we had to leave.   On the way back to the Vegas Strip, we watched an historical movie about the creation of Las Vegas.  Tony was very nice to everyone and dropped people off either at their hotel or along the strip.  My friend & I decided to get off near the Palazzo Hotel, so we gave our thanks & tips to Tony for a tour well done!!!   If you are looking for a great tour company that cares about you, do not hesitate to call Airbridge Tours.  All along this tour, we were given such easy instructions on where to be & when, and got lots of opportunities to take memory making photos.  We met some wonderful people from this company & highly recommend them!!!  I know I will call them the next time I am in Las Vegas looking for a tour!  Thank you Daniel, for being a mensch & treating us so kindly.   :o)
4	Positive review.  Just did the West-rim, hoover dam tour. Great tour and had a great bus driver/guide named D'Wayne.  We had some coffee and something to eat for breakfast so did not care for their coffee and danish which wasn't great,  But you are there for a tour and that was just to keep happy while regirstering.   A few bus changes and a long ride but once you are there it is amazing.   Lunch at Guano point was tasty and the view there is awesome. We didn't go to indian ranch as we were enjoying the two viewpoints. Time frame 6:15 am to 6:45 pm.  Pick up and drop off point was the Luxor.
2	My friend and I chose this company for a Hoover Dam tour.  There were two options. Option 1. The Hoover Dam Tour only. Option 2. The Hoover Dam Tour, with a lunch, and Ethel M's Chocolate factory tour, and a Cactus Botanical Garden tour.We opted for option number 2, which was a great deal!The Hoover Dam tour was pretty nice.  The bus driver stopped at the famous, "Welcome to Las Vegas" sign for everyone to take a picture.  And then he took us to a check-in place with a gift shop/small airport with helicopters and Cessnas.  After checking in, we got onto the bus and headed to Hoover Dam.  The driver was very informative, and tried to be funny, but in a way that no one knew he was joking, so it really wasn't funny.We got to Hoover Dam, and went in for the power plant tour and then went to take some pictures. It was for an hour & a half.After this tour, everyone got back on the bus and the driver took us to lunch. I was happy since everyone was so hungry.The bus stopped in front of this really dirty, old casino, and I was wondering why we were there, perhaps to pick up more people?Just then, a real hillbilly with no teeth and super long braided white hair comes on board the bus wearing really dirty overalls.  He started introducing himself and the casino, and "the buffet" and that's when my friend and I turned and looked at each other horrified and mouthed, "Oh My Gosh". It was one of those moments you only see in movies.We went into the casino, past all the gamblers that looked quite different from the gamblers on the Vegas Strip.  When we got past the mutant people that looked like they were from the movie, "The Hills have eyes", We arrived at "The Buffet".We got in line to what must've been the smallest buffet ever.My friend and I each grabbed our plates. First came to some bread bins. The bread looked super old. I didn't touch it. I decided to pass on everything but the celery, carrots, and a piece of fried chicken that didn't look so scary.  The rest of the food looked like globs of mysterious "stuff".  I could barely look at it.I sat down at the table and ate just enough to get me through my hunger pains. My friend's plate had some "things" that looked like bbq ribs and bbq chicken, along with some other stuff. My friend has a strong stomach, so I figured she'd be okay.We finished eating as quickly as we could to rush back to the bus.Next came the very disappointing Ethel M's chocolate factory tour. When we entered, there was a guy standing there with plastic glove on one hand, and one small bag of coconut flavored M&M's. Ethel's last name was Mars.... *sigh* He gave each one of us 3 pieces of the M&M's. Really? Why bother giving "samples"? And then we got to the factory tour.  It was a small hallway area with glass between the chocolate makers and the visitors. The chocolate makers were laughing and pointing at the visitors, like they were in a zoo, and the visitors were caged animals. hmmm... interesting?We got outside and that was the Botanical Cactus Garden. Ummm... really? You call that a garden? It was a big space filled with different types of cacti and cactus fruit. We got back on the bus and the driver took us all back to the hotels, but not before having us shell out some cash, since "that's how they make a living", doesn't the company pay him?  I hate it when they pull this trick.  I'd rather have paid more upfront, instead of being harassed by the driver to give him a good tip.When we got back to the hotel, my friend was sick. Yes, from "The Buffet" at the oldest casino. (#4 to be registered back then)She was so sick all night, she barely made it to her flight the next morning. She also missed her NYC vacation that was already planned and booked for the next few days because she was still sick for a few more days.This dam tour taught me that next time, go for option#1. Don't trust them to take you to a nice dam place for lunch! =)
4	I'm a stickler for good customer service, especially when it's exemplary - like what my gf and I received from Airbridge's CEO Daniel today.  During a trip to LV earlier this month for my bday, we decided to take a Grand Canyon/Hoover Dam tour and booked with Airbridge.  Though the service that we received from the reps was certainly not what we expected, the follow-up response that we received from this gentleman was absolutely extraordinary. Daniel is a stand up guy who GENUINELY cares about his brand as a whole.  We were thoroughly impressed after having spoken with him.  I believe that as long as this gentleman is running their operations, Airbridge will continue to thrive and ultimately become a leader within the travel industry.  I will certainly use them again - you should too!
3	I booked this trip through Viator.  Got a decent deal.  I initially booked the South Rim.  Later, I requested to be picked up at my hotel.  They said that they have 6 people being picked up at a nearby hotel.  I realised that WE were those six people.  THe woman at the phone seemed to be exasperated at my persistence to be picked up at our hotel.  I later found out that there were no people to be picked up at the other hotel, and the number at our hotel increased to 8 people.I then asked for her manager who accommodated us in about 5 minutes.When you arrive at the station, there is a guy who says that the trip to the Grand Canyon's South Rim is about 5 hours, where the trip to the West Rim is about 2.Also, that the temperature  at the  South Rim is much colder.So we changed to the West Rim and nearly paid 50 dollars more per person, actually paying more than the higher priced WEst Rim ticket.However, we saw the Hoover Dam from two vantage points, got to see the WEst Rim, and got home in time for dinner!Definitely get the West Rim!Our bus driver was ok.  His name is Kemo.
2	We booked a package to see the Grand Canyon South Rim. The price offered a 15 hour narrated tour with lunch.  Here are the package details: -Includes complimentary wake-up service & pick from most major hotels on the strip and downtown area!     Enjoy Danish, Juice, Coffee & Tea- Depart from our tour center after check-in located just minutes off the Las Vegas Strip    - Professional driver / guides will narrate throughout the tour- Photo stop of the Hoover Dam taken from the amazing O'Callaghan-Tillman Bridge. -  See the extinct volcano "Fortification Hill"- Exclusive stop at National Geographic Visitors center with optional Imax Grand Canyon Discovery & Adventure movie- Visit the widest and deepest point at Grand Canyon's South rim (over 8400 ft deep and 21 miles across)- Includes meal voucher for the Grand Canyon National Geographic Visitors Center- Ride aboard a luxury double decker motor coach equipped with video monitors, restrooms & air conditioning- Free Show Tickets With All Tours!Sounds good, right? We are picked up at the hotel around 6am and shuttled to another building about 10 minutes away. The driver locks the passengers into the bus and proceeds to stand in the inside of the building, drinking coffee. Some of the passengers need to use the restroom and become claustrophobic after seeing about 5 or 6 other buses emptied before our bus. After 30 minutes and one passenger making 2 phonecalls to their customer service office, we are finally let off that transport bus. Next we are herded into a large hallway and split into South and West Rim tour packages. The customer service representative for the tour company apologizes for the lack of information given to us about the tour procedures. He explains that it is their busiest time of the year and we should bare with them. He also has to apologize for the heating vents set at about 80 degrees and the broken tvs which are supposed to explain the tour to us. We quickly find out that the IMAX is not free, but we are welcome to purchase it when we pay a one time fee at the next desk. At that desk we are given stickers to wear on our chest. Our bus driver insists we cannot get on the bus unless we first put the sticker on our chest and let him draw on them with a pen.  I asked if he could just sign it in my hand and then I'd put it on in front of him, but he refused. I wonder if this way every passenger or just the women?The buses left about an hour after schedule. Because of this, the driver informed us we were supposed to visit the hoover dam but would be skipping it to save time for the grand canyon.The narration turned out to be the driver periodically pointing out 2 or 3 places he felt were interesting. For the rest of the 5 hour drive each way we were forced to watch a 30 minute movie about the canyon, and a box office failure, Zookeeper, and Some Las Vegas ventriloquist.  So much for an informed narration?The lunch turned out to be a voucher for pizza hut at the national geographic center. If you purchased the IMAX you would have an hour to eat and watch it, otherwise you ate and waited for the movie to finish. We also spent 1 hour on each drive at Mcdonalds so the bus driver could get Lunch and dinner. Once we finally got to the Canyon we only had an hour at two viewing points. It was not enough time to get the full experience. We felt rushed to get back to the bus on time. We even missed the visitor center at our first of two viewing points. A group from our tour bus couldnt get back in time and we left without them. Luckily they found their way to the bus for the 5 hour drive back. At about 9 oclock during the drive back, the bus driver decided we had enough time for the Hoover Dam. Unfortunately my camera doesnt deal with pitch black night scenes. We were given 5 minutes to look at it from the bridge above. Overall I was quite disappointed with this trip. If anyone asked me, I'd say pay extra and go for the helicopter tour. 3 hours out of your day and a lot less hassle.
5	My boyfriend and I live in the Las Vegas area, but had never been to the Hoover Dam and wanted the opportunity to check it out.  We did not want to just drive there and even though we lived locally, we wanted to play tourist for the day. Airbridge Tours had these interesting cruises highlighted on their website so we decided to check it out.  The weather was perfect for the tour and we left on time.  All food and beverage options on the cruise were reasonable. Everyone on the cruise was also pretty professional; there were not any annoying drunken college kids etc.  It ended up being romantic and fun, exactly what we were looking for.
2	I feel like I got scammed. I chose the West Rim tour with the helicopter ride. Did I f*** up in choosing that one. No one (not the brochure, not the nice lady on the phone who represented the company, not the secondary retailer I bought the ticket from) mentioned that out of the 14 hour day, 12 hours would be driving. In total, I drove 526 miles in one day.I know nothing about the Grand Canyon or how far it is from Vegas. I feel like it should have been mentioned at some point... When I arrived at the centre for Airbridge Tours, is when we were told how long the tour would be and how much driving it would involve. EVERYONE was stunned. There was a general groan of frustration. Seems like no one was made aware of what they were paying for. At this point, of course, I had already put down my deposit and was not about to walk away from $80.I'm not going to rant about everything that was awful about this experience as I try to keep my reviews under 3000 words. But here are a few of the awful highlights:-Only having an hour at the canyon itself.-Having an hour at the gift shop and lodge. WHAT THE ****. We spent the same amount of time at the gift shop as at the canyon.-Being treated like I was five years old by the drivers and staff.-Breakfast was awful. But that was expected.If you choose to this tour, please do the helicopter. That was amazing! Only 20 minutes, but you will never see the Canyon like this. Also, there are great deals to be found. I purchased my ticket for $100 off from a secondary source. Don't settle for the original price. It ain't that hard to find a coupon, sketchy dude, etc.
2	Dear AIRBRIDGE,Why did I have to wake up at 5am to rush and meet you but you were late? Why did we have to get off of the original bus to get put on another bus for West Rim only? Why didn't you sort of the customers for the original pick up?Where do you get your bus drivers from?Why are they so loud and strange?Why did we have to stop every 30 minutes?Why did we have to switch buses at the bus depot?Why did you not tell us about Guano Point before we purchased Skywalk tickets?Why were we only given 3 hours to tour the canyon?Why did we wait an hour for the late people to show up to the bus?Why did we have to get back off the bus and get on another bus?Why were we taken to another bus for drop off?
3	Air bridge offers a variety of different tours to the Grand Canyon. We are decided to go with the West Rim which also includes a stop at the Hoover Dam, and an upgrade at the Grand Canyon for the skywalk. Unfortunately, we had to wake up at 5 to catch a bus at Planet Hollywood where we were not staying. Fair enough, we get comfortable on that bus set up shop nice and coozy, just to transfer from this bus, to another at a depot. From this new bus, we transfer to an older bus at the Grand Canyon. Too many transfers in my opinion. The skywalk was closed due to rain, and I was able to get a refund on the skywalk tickets. Luckily enough, Guano point has an even better view then the Skywalk, where you can't even take your own picture. Cheers
1	My wife and I are  in Vegas for a military reunion and had a day to sightsee so we booked the Airbridge Hoover Dam tour. I upgraded to the tour with the buffet lunch. I was excited to see this feat of American engineering. They took us to the "Welcome to Las  Vegas" sign (not really necessary, and selfish people on the tour waste everyone's time posing for pictures while others stand there waiting for their turn. Then to the Ethel M (for Mertz?) chocolate factory and cactus garden( the chocolate factory was so so..they hustle you to  shop here!!) but the cactus garden was interesting as I am from the east coast. Then off to the Dam. I booked this tour TO SEE THE DAM!! We were given 75 minutes to tour, and the tour inside the dam took 65 minutes. That left 10 minutes before catching the bus, so the official tour guide said run up to the observation deck to view the dam above ground. I had to leave to catch the bus, and most of the people on the bus were seething that we didn't have enough time to really see everything, at least walk across the top of the dam. We then had to make a trip on the bus to drop three people off at a small airport for a helicopter ride they had booked, another wasted twenty minutes. The next stop was to the buffet at the oldest running casino in Nevada, The buffet was messy and the food was mediocre, but the worst part was we were given 75 minutes to eat,  the same amount of time as visiting the dam! I guess they hope we will gamble our extra time away as 30 minutes would have been plenty for lunch. I called Airbridge and complained about all this wasted time. We had never been to Vegas before and understood we would be visiting a couple of other places, but a 7 hour tour when the dam is less than an hour away and then giving you 90 minutes to see it while you hang out at commercial venues is a blatant rip off and waste of time. I would ask any tour you book how long they will actually give you to tour the dam. That's what you are paying for, right?
4	Fret of all I'm not a big fan of tours but we were in Vegas and had a free day to visit Hoover dam. Decided to do tour instead of rent car when found a deal on travelzoo. Picked us up at 845 for a 1030 tour which made it a little bit longer than expected. We were bussed to a hub locale where we were ticketed and drove on to dam. Driver very knowledgeable and engaging. Hoover tour was great and plenty of time to do tour and get back to bus. Next stop was a buffet lunch at railroad crossing casino. Buffet was so so, but good salad bar and filling. Next stop was chocolate factory which was not running much today at this time on a Sunday. Got back to hotel before 6 and got a lot info for rest of stay in Vegas. Would recommend and would do another tour with these folks.
3	I'd divide this tour into three sections. The first part, which was the bus that picked us up from the airport and took us to the main Airbridge terminal was short but fun. We had a really funny driver that kept spilling out little interesting tidbits about the Vegas strip. Wish I could remember his name.The second portion which was the actual ride to the Hoover Dam was boring. Our bus driver didn't have much to say, and what she did say was not interesting at all. Again, I wish I could remember her name because Airbridge should know that she was not a good guide AT ALL!Third part of the tour was the actual Hoover Dam. This was really cool. We took the Power Plant Tour which was packed with lots of info. We were able to then walk around and walk on top of the Dam. The engineering behind this is pretty amazing. The view and landscape is pretty fantastic as well. Lots of great photo ops!
2	Hi. We got picked up late by one bus driver, which took us to the airbridge Office Depot. We had to wait there inside the bus for over 20 minutes waiting to be registered and assigned a different bus. We ended up transferring buses three times and the third bus was in pretty bad condition.
1	My friends and I went on the Hoover Dam deluxe tour.  Firstly, we were not informed that we needed to be looking for a grey line bus to pick us up (rather than an airbridge bus).  The bus only picks up from major strip hotels, so if you are staying somewhere else you will have to get your self to the strip.  We were taken to a bus depot to sort out payments. The upselling and encouragement to buy/spend more was ridiculous and frustrating to people like us (Aussies) who are not used to that, furthermore it detracted time from the tour itself.  The first stop was the chocolate factory, which is just an m&m shop like the others in the city with a tiny corridor taking you past some chocolate machines.  Not worth the trip.  The cactus garden was nice but again very small, and we were only allowed to stop at the factory and garden for a total of 15 minutes.  This stop was clearly designed to get you to fork out more money shopping.  The drive to the Hoover dam was marred by the loud and chauvinistic attitudes of the bus driver and his sexist comments about Phillipino women.  The hoover dam tour involved a fair bit of waiting with only 5 minutes to see the dam from the top, the part that was of most interest to us.  I would recommend doing a self guided tour of the dam so that you have time to appreciate every thing.  The lowest point on the trip was the buffet lunch at the worlds-most-depressing-casino, which of course was the longest stop in the whole trip (1hr 45mins) because they clearly wanted us to spend more money gambling.  Don't do this tour, even though it is the cheapest available it is not worth it.  Thank you.
1	Trip to Hoover Dam consisted of more time on the buses (2) picking up, dropping off, chocolate factory(117 degrees that day) lunch at some run down casino (two hours) which left us with about an hour to take the tour and see the exhibits which we missed because we had to re board the bus. Would not recommend Air Bridge tours to Hoover Dam. Very disappointed being I'll never get back there. Contacted them afterwards and they never responded.
1	Hello,For Airbridge people:This is by far the worst tour I have ever been on. We were picked up at 6am just to leave to the Grand Canyon at 8:30am! Completely unnecessary. Service is ridiculously bad and extremely unorganized. You should not take us to the Tour Center to spend an hour there trying to sell us more things. Also, the bus driver is stressing everybody out the entire time for no reason at all, in fact he was an hour late to pick us up at the end of the tour.   We are on vacation people, not on a school trip! The guy who got us on the bus treated us like cattle, ordering us around and telling us where we needed to sit even though we were first in line. He was in a terrible mood and pretty much insulted us, the opposite of good service. We were being hurried the entire trip just to get to places 20 minutes or more before things were going to start. To top it off, the kiosk you guys authorized to sell your tickets on the strip, more specifically the one next to the Hawaiian Spice Market is lying about what the tour offers. We were told we were getting complementary breakfast in Boulder City and turns out the tour doesn't even stop there. We were also told we were stopping at the Route 66 Museum but the bus doesn't even take Route 66! And lastly, we were told the tour was returning at 7pm so we bought tickets for a 10pm show. Turns out the tour didn't get back until 11pm so we lost our tickets!Seriously everyone, do yourselves a favor and DO NOT go on this tour. The only good thing was the Pink Jeep and go figure, they're not part of Airbridge!
2	After reading through a few of the other reviews here, my experience was not much different, though it does at least sound like Airbridge is at least *trying* to make things better.First things first: I booked my tour through Viator.com, which actually does not name the company you'll be doing the tour with. The price ended up being less than $72, which was half of what I later learned Airbridge charges if you buy directly from them. As per Viator's directions, I called the day before the tour to find out when I would be picked up--I found out that I would need to walk from my hotel (Palms Place) to the valet at the Golden Nugget, a 10-minute walk, to meet the bus at 6 AM.The bus was nearly 15 minutes late, made several other stops at a number of other random hotels, and we were deposited at the Airbridge Terminal. I don't think any of us knew where we were, or why we had stopped; we were offered no explanation, honestly. All I knew was that we were at a random industrial park for no apparent reason. We sat on the bus for nearly 10 minutes, watching our bus driver smoke and chat with other drivers, again with no explanation given as to where we were or what we were doing there.Finally we were let off the bus and into a room in the "terminal" where we were shouted at by some random gentleman who basically just tried to upsell us on a variety of other things (e.g., helicopter tour, skywalk, etc.). From there we were sent into an adjoining room to "check in," where we were asked for another $10 for no apparent reason and given a couple of random slips of paper and a flimsy bracelet, and told where to go to reach our buses.I headed outside to the bus and settled into a seat, but was rather randomly and rudely told to move next to a gentleman who would not close his legs or keep his elbows to himself, so I was essentially jammed involuntarily into a smaller-than-usual seat for the entire ride. Joy.The driver did her best, but... well... bless her heart, whoever told her that she should be a public speaker for a living should be slapped silly. She had a terrible command of the English language, and many of her sentences (almost all of which contained the phrases "now listen," "you guys," "you know," and "OK then," usually multiple times each) were so tortured and nonsensical as to be incomprehensible. For example, as we began our drive, she told us that she'd be our tour guide as well as "your best friend if you want, and your bridesmaid if you need." WHAT DOES THAT EVEN MEAN. When there wasn't an automated recording playing, chattering away factoids about the passing landscape, this lady would pipe up, telling us barely comprehensible stories about--things. I know she said "Ragtown" about fifty times, but I couldn't tell you what Ragtown even is to save my life.We made a quick stop at the Hoover Dam bypass which was kind of cool, though the driver chastised us for not all being on the bus seven minutes earlier than scheduled. We made one additional stop for a "bathroom break" at a random McDonald's in Kingman, Arizona, before continuing the rest of the way to the South Rim.I suppose I was lucky; I was meeting a friend at the NatGeo visitor's center who had driven there separately, and I was not going to return to Las Vegas with the rest of the tour group. I informed the driver, who seemed offended that I would even say such a thing. (Not exactly the reaction I anticipated.) I'm not sure what affiliation, if any, Skybridge has with NatGeo, but the visitor's center is nothing but an overpriced tourist trap with a horrible lunchroom that wouldn't have been so bad if they had had more than ONE PERSON working the entire line for the entire group. We did each get a lunch ticket for a free sandwich/"rice bowl"/pizza/soup & salad, but the driver seemed weirdly delighted that none of us knew that we would be getting this ticket upon arrival, actually taunting an Australian couple who dared ask when they would be getting the lunch ticket. It was, in a word, bizarre.I was slightly wary of the concept of a bus tour in the first place--at least I know now to avoid them at all costs in the future. This was not a great experience and I will not be seeking out anything similar from this or any other company for the foreseeable future.
4	WowI'm surprised how many bad reviews this place has gotten.  It seemed like MOST of the people on the south rim grand canyon trip were happy.  I think most of the people who left reviews are crazy consumers that deserve the very very best for paying the very very least.So yeah, it's a BUS tour.   You know what that means?  It means a crapload of people, around 50, need to ALL follow directions and respect EVERYONE's time in order for completing everything ON TIME.I wouldn't complain about the tour people, i would complain about all the retards i've had to share the bus with.  That's probably the only reason why I wouldn't do another bus tour.  The south rim grand canyon from LV took a bathroom break every 1 hour, which is nice because all you can do on the bus is pretty much eat and drink.  It's also nice to get up and stretch.Our tour guide was Richard Gear from Guam.  At first when we got onto the bus, I was like ohhhh damn it... this guy is weird as hell!  But it turns out he was very entertaining and funny.  He was always extremely nice and courteous to the customers that were pissed off because they forgot to get their free lunch and offered his own turkey lunch.  Except that they HATE turkey so they want a refund!  Anyways, the grand canyon was beautiful.  It was such a long drive there, I'm sure I wouldn;t have enjoyed the grand canyon if i had to drive their myself.   Personally, I don't understand why anyone would want to spend more than 2 hours at the grand canyon because you can only stare for so long at the canyon..... If you wanted to go down to the water.... I'm pretty sure that's a whole day's time anyways.The gift shops were nice, there wasn't any pressure to buy anything and most of the bathrooms are relatively clean for being in the middle of nowhere.The lunch is okay  - it's either pizza hut personal pan, sandwhich and chips, soup and salad, or chinese food... and you get a free soda.I didn't do any of the extras like the imax movie or etc and I felt like people who did seem very tired out trying to watch a movie and eat at the same time.
