5	The Venetian's Paiza Club is the most exclusive casino in Vegas.   Also known as the 36th Floor, you need to have a cool mil on deposit to even hang out here.  We got to check it out, thanks to our amazing host at the Venetian, but Paiza is like everything you needed and wanted all in one place.  Private gaming rooms, 24 hour chefs at your becking call, a luxurious lounge, and a huge dining room to enjoy some great food.  Take your Gulfstream 5 to Vegas, have your host send a car, and enjoy the casino as youre supposed to, not with the other bottomfeeders who have to wait in line to get into a club.
5	Many of the high rollers (especially Asians) prefer to gamble in private. Nevada law is built on public gaming. A few years ago they changed the law to permit these private clubs. The initial rules involved a $500 minimum, a $1 million dollar credit line and a direct video feed to the Gaming Comission, including pan and tilt to look at your hand.These rooms have suddenly become slightly more available. The Gaming Commission just lowered the amount required to get into one. You know need a mere $300,000 in credit to play. Also the minimmum bet of $500 has been eliminated.
5	You know you have arrived as a VIP when you step into the Paiza club. You need a one million dollar credit line, to play here. I had the opportunity to stay in the paiza suites for one weeks time. 3 bedroom suites, Karaoke room, excercise rooms. Bottles of Louis XIII in the room ready for me to drink. My week consisted of Gambling everyday, clubbing everyday, messages everyday. 24 hour butler service. Shark Fin soup every morning when i woke up along with the Chinese delicacy birds nest soup. You probably can't stay here betting 500 a hand, your looking more at $5000 a hand for 8 hours a day of baccarat. Can't go wrong when your playing with that type of Moolah. Love the food, love the casino.
5	I've been to The Paiza at the Venetian but a few weeks ago, it was my first time at The Paiza at the Palazzo.  Both places deserve 5 stars for the food and customer service.I went with my mom and sister for lunch at The Paiza and all the food that we ordered were presented well and it tasted great.  The shark fin soup was made well with the taste of the broth just right.  The quality of the shark fin was superb as well.  The raw geoduck was made well.  You can't really make geoduck wrong, especially since it's raw, but the quality of it is what counts and it perfectly fresh and crisp.  For dessert, we had the bird's nest with coconut, which if you like both of those items is definitely something you should try out.  The sweetness of the coocnut complemented the bird's nest, which of course was also of good quality.In regards to the customer service, it was absolutely fantastic, especially since there weren't very many people around at the time we ate.  If you decide to go for Chinese food and you're at the Venetian/Palazzo, you should definitely try to eat there.
5	This is an exclusive club where high rollers, primarily aimed at the Chinese clientele, can eat, drink, and gamble.  It is the secret dining/gambling club in Vegas.  You can only get in with large deposit and/or a word from your handler/host with a reservation.  You can only get up there with a special elevator card key as well.  Once you arrive, there's special doors without signs or any indication of the place.  When you finally walk in there's a simple counter with a host waiting to accept your reservations.Once inside, this plush but not overly fancy area features a lounge area, a gambling area, and a few private rooms for dining.  I was told that the dining and kitchen is open 24 hours a day.  You can order anything from the menu at all hours.  The menu is primarily Cantonese cuisine.  The food was some of the best Cantonese Chinese I had ever had.  On top of that, there is a great liquor selection, at no charge - including some fine single malt scotches.  I was told that the Macau equivalent - Paiza Club is 4 or 5 times larger than the Las Vegas one.  I assume that there are more high rollers out there.  I was fortunate enough to have dinner at The Paiza with some friends.
5	It was about dinner time one evening as I talked with several people about a new idea. Some of these friends wanted to head up to the 36th floor at The Venetian. The 36th floor was accessed by a VIP representative from the hotel, as a digital key was necessary to access it. The Paiza Club is THE quintessential big time player high-roller lounge. I asked another VIP host, as I entered, about some stats. She said that there is a dining room with 34 seats. There are three private chefs and 24-hour butler service here as well. This is a place I could get used to! The host also mentioned that one would need a million dollar credit line to have access to this particular ultra private club.The view alone from my seat reminded me of watching one of the new Ocean's movies. I was in a high-roller suite recently and this view of Las Vegas could quite possibly beat it. One of the acquaintances I was with just nodded at one of the assistants, one of about 30 people working in the club, and they promptly brought over several tasty snacks. The first snack was a perfectly seasoned edamame. The second was a dried wasabi pellet mixed with cashew nuts. I've never had this kind of snack, so good! I didn't eat dinner here as I didn't want to overstay my welcome but the drinks couldn't have been refilled fast enough. The butler staff didn't hover, they just knew when the drinks would be empty. The staff always stay visible, but just far enough away not to be heard. There were a few LCD screens around with various games and shows.The Paiza Club is geared towards the Asian high-roller and may or may not include the kind of luxury or style that one may be used to in Europe. I've also heard that The Paiza Club in Macau, China is several times larger. Enjoy your time here, as it may not come around often.
5	The Paiza club in the Palazzo on the 50th floor is as good as it gets. We had a private room for dining and had the option of ordering anything, as long as it was Asian food, on and off the menu. I wanted some eggs and they provided it, done with a 5 star flare. I asked for Vietnamese Pho and they provided that as well, which amazed the hell outta me because I thought Pho stew had to be made 12 hours in advance. We asked for Johnny Walker Blue Label and it was brought to our table. As a matter of fact, we asked for bottles of the stuff and they gladly obliged, leaving it there and asking if they should pour it or if we will. The orange juice was fresh squeezed as it was ordered. Luckily for them, I didn't want apple or watermelon juice. I would quote some prices but I can't remember any. I just recall the Blue Label in the price range of $450-550. Some of the entrees were up in the hundreds. Pros: Everything. The service. The food. The shark fin soup that I thought was noodles. Cons: None. But if we had to pay for it then the con would be the price. Other thoughts: I will be rich one day just so I can enjoy this type of lavish living all the time. But then again, I'd probably die early if I lived like this all the time. Too rich for my blood. Pun intended.
5	I've dined here a handful of times.  Yes there is butler service, and what seems like a private chef for your party.  Mention any type of "asian" cuisine that you are craving, and they will whip it up for you - with a gourmet twist.  I think last time I was there the chef was experimenting with coffee crusted sweet and sour shrimp.  Sounds strange but it was DELICIOUS.  The service is impeccable. This place is the epitome of high-roller status in Vegas.  Both clubs at the Palazzo and Venetian are excellent.  Private dining rooms w/ flat screen TVs - humidor cabinets filled with countless cigars to choose from.  Hmm is that a cuban cohiba I see?  Maybe not.  Oh and the view of the strip from the 36th floor ain't bad.  Yes - you need a minimum of a $1,000,000 credit line to have access to this club.  Sweet.
5	Had dinner here last night for first time. Service is second to none. Awesome privacy in either the eating part or casino section. For me the food was a little to Americanized for me.
5	Exclusive, high end, invitation only. I had the opportunity to be invited to this 50th floor dining restaurant.Food is excellent, private dining, all accommodating to the fullest.Special thanks to Palazzo host Winston Weiis.
5	You can only understand if you have been there.  The best Asian food ever.  The service makes you feel like you are a MILLION DOLLAR PLAYER.  The ambiance, the view, and the people are amazing!!!!!!
5	Extraordinary service! This is the last hotel I've stayed at before I moved to Vegas and it basically confirmed the decision I've had in mind that I wanted to move to Vegas. This is a dream city! And Paiza was an experience of my dream. Keep up w it!
