4	I dig this place. My lady and I get dinner here maybe once a week, the wraps and salads are always good and the staff always friendly. Couple that with the entertainment aspect of having darts, pool table, bowling etc. in a family place that's not geared toward the rowdy, and it's a great place to unwind after work.
3	Nice and clean.  Good food, fair prices. It's a country music/NASCAR place and that is not my thing.
4	I have been to this place quite a few times, more than I can count! They have some pretty nice lanes after a nice revamp a few years ago! Although they don't really compete with some of the newer ones bowling alleys in the area in the alley sense; they make up for it with their really nice atmosphere and staff. They also make up for it with their spectacular drink specials and food specials! It is bar food that is cheap and delicious! You can't beat it here. They have some nice pool tables in the back where the bar is along with a dart board and some other fun games. They even have those bar slots and some other fun electronic bar games. The bartenders will even play bar games right there with you and are sometimes quite generous, in the sense that they don't care if they lose. They also have some great volley ball courts across the street with a bar over there as well so you are never parched. I played on their fall league once and it was a lot of fun! Everyone is really nice and is no one really takes it too seriously.Finally, they have TV's up the wazoo so that you can watch all of the games that would be on that day and they sometimes have specials based on how good a team is doing! Props to Wildcat Lanes for keeping even me interested!
2	The sign outside advertises Friday night fish fry, but after two tries we have yet to find it.  It used to be in an area upstairs, but now that is locked up.  When you go in the bar, you are pretty much ignored unless you are a regular I guess.  No one seemed to be eating fish in the bar, but that is the only place I can figure out where it might be served.  After the lackluster greeting, we left both times to eat elsewhere.   If anyone has experienced it, let me know the details of the illusive fish fry.
1	Last time I was here, the buffalo chicken wrap went from using fresh white meat and some magic awesomesauce to the worst dreg cuts from the back and thigh - which I would normally not care about, because those cuts have the most flavor - but they were cubed up in tidy little piles with not enough hot sauce and tasted really, really old. I could taste the freezer burn on the cubed chicken in the wrap. You shouldn't taste that on a dish that's supposed to be drowned in hot sauce.This was at least two years ago, so the downward spiral started shortly after I wrote my first review. We have not been back since.
