4	So why is someone from Maryland listening to Las Vegas' KNPR?  For one reason only: John Curtas' "Food for Thought." Mr. Curtas delivers three minute restaurant reviews, along with bad jokes and awful alliteration. One might describe him as quirky, but let's be nice and call him endearing. Nevertheless, when he actually gets around to discussing the merits of a restaurant, he's frequently right.Podcasts of his prior shows are available at the KNPR web site.
4	John Curtas is a pretty good food critic and I agree that he is usually right about restaurants.  You can see his reviews at this website. I rate him about the same as Max Jacobsen and ahead of Heidi Knapp Rinella.http://www.ksgu.org/foodforthought/listNEW.cfm
5	KNPR is a staple in my radio diet.  To quote the esteemed Mister Curtas "if you don't think sex and food are related, you aren't paying attention". KNPR is very good before 9am and between 4pm and 6pm. After that, with small exceptions, it's okay.  With that said, KNPR is one of those radio stations I would really miss if I moved out of the Las Vegas area. It's not only an NPR affiliate, there are a lot of Nevada happenings on KNPR, too.
5	"Classical 89.7"Online listening at http://www.classical897.org/Another fine addition to culture in Las Vegas. For those of us that just can't do without our classical music fix, Classical 89.7 hits the spot.  Used to be a while ago, 88.9 KNPR and Classical 89.7 were the very same station with some NPR content and a lot of Classical content on the same frequency. And then, they split and became two stations, but each deserving of a periodic listen even if you don't much like Classical music or current events (yet). :)
2	Will listen to it because it's the only NPR outlet that I can get with my car's stereo as I commute.  I'd like to give it 1.5 stars instead of 2, but I can't.  Maybe if I can figure out how to stream other stations through webcasts I will say goodbye to KNPR.  There is hardly any significant original content, except for State of Nevada, to speak of.  Most of it is just programming that they purchase from NPR.
5	It doesn't get any better than KNPR for thoughtful and insightful information and programming.  I pretty much exclusively listen to KNPR when I have the radio on (largely in my car during my commute), and the national and local programs are exceptional.  Morning Edition, All Things Considered, State of Nevada (miss Dave Berns and Gwen Castaldi somewhat), Car Talk, Wait Wait Don't Tell Me, John Curtas, news updates, etc....Only program I am not a fan of is Prairie Home Companion - not sure why - just can't get into it.Also - I had high hopes for the radio bookmark when I got one (it is a USB keychain device that when you click its buttons during a program, it saves a bookmark of the program so you can pull it later and listen to the program) - but I cannot get it to work where it brings up a specific segment as I had hoped - small detail among all of the great things KNPR does.Tremendous community resource, and a special one for me.
5	KNPR is my favorite station in Las Vegas, providing many great Nevada-produced shows like State of Nevada (Duh!) as well as the exceptional All Things Considered and Morning Edition for the commute.   Laughs?  Wait Wait Don't Tell Me and Prairie Home Companion are a blast, and are repeated in case you missed them the first time.   And that's just a handful of things in the daytime!  This station is a gem in Vegas, and I am glad it can be heard anywhere in the Greater Las Vegas area.
4	Does it mean something when what you normally listen to on the radio changes?? Once I was listening to KOMP, or any classic rock (even 80's music) then one day, I decided to flip around the dial and found KNPR. I'm now addicted to it! My faves are The Story, Wait, Wait, Don't Tell Me! The World, and the fantastic The Splendid Table.The local coverage is good, State of Nevada very informative for keeping me up-to-date on topical, important news for me.Sad to say, i've actually never listend to John Curtas so I can't comment on his 3 minute resturaunt reviews.Still, a worthwhile listen, and I miss it when i'm out of state.
5	Awesome station!  Until prairie home companion comes on for hours at a time.
