2	I generally try to stay away writing low ratings, especially when I've only ordered from a place once. That said, the stracciatella gelato (my favorite flavor of gelato) was completely flavorless, and I threw most of it out. Store-bought gelato would have been much better, and maybe they should consider that as an option instead of whatever they're currently doing. My recommendation would be to get a cold coffee or smoothie to sip on while you're walking around, and skip on the gelato. I'm giving Zio two stars simply because it's the only place I found serving gelato in Vegas. Enjoying good gelato on a hot day is one of life's simple pleasures in my book, and the faux-Italy vibe in Vegas combined with the hot desert sun provides a perfect atmosphere for it. Maybe some of their other flavors taste better, but I'm not likely to try again after my first experience.
4	There's only a few reviews on this place so I'm guessing it's relatively new. I'm a huge gelato addict. My personal favorite is at Illy Espressamente inside The Palazzo which serves Cocolini throughout The Venetian as well. But after paying $6 for a scoop, I decided to go hunt for somewhere that may be a little cheaper.Zio Gelato is located in what appears to be a hidden location on the far side of The Venetian in the hallway behind B&B Burger and the Sports Bar. I got a scoop of the hazelnut which I paid $4.00 (plus tax) for. Since I had the gelato from Cocolini exactly the night before, I can definitely say that the gelato tasted very comparable. Since there are a few mixed reviews of this place, I'll just assume that not all their flavors good and they don't have as much variety.Still - I thought the hazelnut was delicious and a pretty good bang for my buck, at least for Vegas Strip prices. Servers were also very friendly.
3	At first I was attracted to how colorful the store is and how pretty all the gelato looked. I couldn't help but to try some of my fav fruity flavors such as pink guava, pineapple, mango and peach. The girl that helped me was very patient and waited for me to try out each flavor and scooped me other samples. The flavors I tried all tasted super amazing and exactly how the fruit suppose to taste like so I got a single scoop of pink guava (and it was a tough decision). However, maybe after a third way through the gelato I realized that it was starting to melt really fast (we were in the hotel and not out in the heat) and started to lose its texture. The same time the gelato also tasted sweeter and sweeter to the point that I had to throw the rest of it away. If they have a mini size that's smaller than a single scoop then I probably would come back if I'm in the area, if not I won't be back again.
1	We always go here because they give the hotel and shop employees 50% off. The coffee and gelato isn't the greatest but it's cheaper for us than most in the area. Today my friend and I went in for coffee. She was served cold coffee and was told that it was cold because of the half and half that they poured in there. Then they offered to "nuke it."  Seriously??? Nuke coffee??? She went back to ask if they could brew a new pot and they said that it would take seven minutes trying to blow her off.  She asked them how often they brew coffee a day and they answered "once." So after she had paid for it, she put it down and left. They weren't even willing to help. I will not go back. Bouchon is so much better and well worth the coffee, pastries and excellent service. Do not waste your time. Bad quality. Bad service. Bad experience. Just bad.
2	It was just ok gelato. I love gelato. In fact, my 2 year old knows the difference between gelato, ice cream, and frozen yogurt. We walked past a frozen yogurt shop and I asked if she wanted that or to get gelato. She wanted gelato. So we walked over from the Mirage to get some. Well it's just ok. My biggest frustration is the tiny cup they put the scoop in. We got two scoops and they are just regular size scoops, not huge so that they won't fit in a container. The cups are too small. The scoop barely fits in the cup, so the sides of the scoop go out over the side of the cup which makes for a lot of dripping in over 100 degree weather especially with no place to sit inside and eat it. This was the most UNEJOYABLE gelato experience I ever had with my child. It melted all over me while carrying it to the food court in the Venetian. She was screaming because she wanted to eat it, but it was literally running all over down the cup and on me and I wasn't about to hand the sticky cup to her to have her covered. My hands were soaked with gelato. Ridiculus. I have eating gelato in various countries and states including in Italy, and seriously have never had such an issue with the cup being so small. I lived in Florida and got gelato in the heat several times a week, BUT that place gave a cup that fit the gelato so when it melted, it didn't drip all over me. I think they need to reconsider the delivery method. Once I got to the food court in the Venetian to eat it, I saw a gelato place in the food court that had appropriate containers to serve theirs. I truly wish I had known that. I would skip Zio unless you want to walk and eat it fast and don't have kids.
5	My new favorite place for Gelato, the price for a scoop is extremely reasonable especially being on the strip. There were so many flavors to choose from, and they were all delicious. I decided to go with the Coppa Frutti Di Bosco, which is a Sundae with Cheesecake Gelato and fresh mixed berries and topped with a raspberry coulis. The staff working were great as well, they were extremely knowledgeable about their product and had great recommendations. You must stop by if your in Vegas and in the Venetian.
