5	"Beans are Money"Just opened yesterday, the new El Portal is nestled inside the Walter Cronkite building of Jounalism in the downtown ASU campus.food is as awesome as the location down on Grant. more of a quick service atmosphere. gonna make this my go to mexican joint because its well within walking distance.
1	If you own a Mexican restaurant, how on earth can you mess up beans?!?  There's nothing worse than going to a Mexican restaurant and their beans have no flavor WHAT-SO-EVER.  To add to my disappointment, the chicken tacos I ordered were saturated with grease and lacked flavor too.  I hope the owner reads this because she needs to have the cook taste the food he's preparing before they serve it.  Salt is your friend! Maybe even some pepper and garlic if you're adventurous.  Thank God for the little bit of salsa they gave me, it was the only thing to make my tacos edible.  I ended up tossing the frijoles in the garbage.  What a waste of food!
4	Very pleasant atmosphere, given quick service Mexican food is on the menu. Excellent vegetarian options. I don't know if this is a franchise or a chain - there's a terrific El Portal in San Diego (Clairemont area.) Chips and salsa and my combo plate (grilled vegetables) were delicious. The beans and rice were tasty. The staff is attentive even though it's quick-serve. CNN was on the TV - so sitting and eating @ El Portal was a nice break from all day meetings on the 3rd floor of ASU's Cronkite building.Very convenient eating option if you're near ASU's downtown campus. Healthy dishes are on the menu, comfortable environment if you want to sit for a bit. Service is friendly and fast. They evidently now take ASU $$ (campus meal plan/points?) So I hope that ASU students will support this business.Will eat at El Portal again on my next trip to Phoenix.
3	I never was a big fan of the original El Portal other than for it's Democratic party people watching.  But a friend and I went here today for a quick lunch and, to my surprise, it was pretty good.  Everything at the original El Portal always seemed too "saucy" for me.  That was not the case here.  The sauce was appropriate in quantity and not drowning the food.  It does have a college eatery vibe and is set up like a fast food place, but that makes for a quick meal without sitting around waiting for a waiter (the parking meters nearby only allow 1 hour, so the quick service was much appreciated).  One complaint is that they did not give us very many chips at all (maybe 5 each) so we had to actually go ask for more and got another small amount.  Chips are cheap and should be plentiful in my opinion.  As for main courses, my friend had some enchiladas and I had the veggie burro, which against all reason, I requested chimichanga style.  That meant it was deep fried and then smothered with guacamole and sour cream.  Yumm. I can't eat that way on a daily basis, but after a long morning in court, it definitely hit the spot.
2	When you get the simplest mexican foods to taste similar to cardboard, you are doing something quite wrong.  Perhaps, grease isn't a seasoning? Pretty much the only thing going for this place is its location in the bottom of ASU's Cronkite School downtown.
3	Decent.
1	Every 5 months or so I end up here, not because I really want to but because I don't have time to go somewhere else better.  Each time I eat here it reminds me of why I avoid it in the first place.  I've tried several things on the menu and basically everything is horrible.  By far the worst thing is their rice.  Its a real problem for a Mexican place when I (who is not Mexican) makes better Mexican rice than they do.  It is oily, without any flavor and today it was undercooked - meaning it was still hard.  Disgusting.  Its a real shame that a place like Carolina's isn't in this location - you know a place that actually makes enjoyable food.  Do yourself a favor and make the drive to Carolina's or El Commadore, but if you don't have time for that, grab a microwave burrito at the Circle K and it will be better than this place.
1	So bad, I must have been really hungry to eat here. Ordered the #2. (This is what THEY call it, so you would think that would be easiest on them to remember, right?) Delivered a #1 instead, that looked like a #2 on the plate, and tasted even worse.(Couldn't even get that right).  Beginning with the unidentifiable, grey, completely void of any taste, mystery meat contained in my taco, to the scarce trace of ANY filling whatsoever in my enchilada, the burnt tostada shell, the cold, stale, generic, tortilla chips and watered-down, thin, red-colored, pathetic lame excuse for salsa, was just about all I could take without wanting to chuck it all right back at them. Absolutely, without exception, the worst dining experience I have ever had the displeasure of having. Deserves whatever happens to them. No excuse for this.
2	For the love of god, would someone open a Berto's of some kind downtown? I will literally give you a million dollars. I will do it $6 at a time in exchange for delicious carnitas burritos and so will thousands of others.El Portal was sortof el crappy. The service was lackluster and the food meh."I think we are out of carne asada. Yeah we are out of carne asada."How does that happen? Then the green chili was sortof a greenish mush of blahness and no one trained them to wrap a burrito.I also got a quesadilla which promptly leaked yellow tinged grease onto my pants from boring yellow cheese in a boring tortilla. I also hate a tip line on a receipt from a place where you order your food at the counter and pick it up at the counter and fill your own drinks. And why did everyone else have real plates while mine was a Dixie?Subway is next door.
2	I've visited El Portal about seven or eight times because of its reasonably priced food and proximity to the journalism school. But the food is so-so and the service has ranged from terrible to OK. El Portal has cheap daily specials. The portions are huge. Make sure to indicate what kind of meat you want in your food. They normally didn't ask me.The seating area is spacious and they have a TV. The service is lacking, but I think they're trying to work on it. But don't expect them to stay open until their posted hours. The cashier once told me they close shop 30 minutes before closing time if there aren't any customers.
2	El Hefe and I were initially on our way to the fleet of food trucks but then discovered our days were off. Food Trucks are on Wednesdays and today was Tuesday. What a mixer-roo! El Portal would have to do, an unfortunate to do at that.The service is deplorable! The counter expediter was a hot mess. He even addressed me as "Hey You" when my order was ready.  Seriously, what the "Number 2" is up with that?!  The gals that were behind us in line were treated with an even lower grade of service. Now that didn't make me feel special at all.  I ordered the two (chicken) taco combo and only one taco contained any meat product.  I left hungry.No bueno: (
1	If I could give this place negative stars I would.I came in here hoping to prove most os the yelp reviews wrong, boy did that not work out.I ordered a Chorizo and egg burrito.  First off, there were barely any eggs in it, unless their eggs are brown.  Second, this might have been the greasiest thing I have ever eaten.  I could barely pick the thing up without it leaking juice from the bottom.  Finally it tasted like absolutely nothing.  It literally tasted they just threw in cardboard and grease in a tortilla.  Awful!Also about an hour after eating it, my stomach felt awful afterwards.  I had the worst stomach ache until I used the bathroom.  All in all, subway is right next door to this place.  You'd be much better off going there.   AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
1	This place is the worst! First of all, the person taking my order was so awkward it made me feel uncomfortable. Next I ordered the wednesday special which is rolled beef tacos (beef or chicken, your choice) with rice and beans for $4.99 and i asked to substitute the rice and beans for chips. When my order came, they forgot the chips which isn't a big deal I just went back up to the register and asked for some. Then as i started to eat, I noticed they gave me chicken instead of beef. I was kind of disappointed but i had class soon and didn't want to wait for them to make another order so I got over it. Then as i was eating i choked on a CHICKEN BONE! It was horrible!! a chicken bone in a rolled taco?! I was so mad, I left. Never going there again! STAY AWAY!
1	I have been to El Portal multiple times and I really am not sure why.  I think it has to do with the fact that there aren't a ton of options within a 2 minute walk of work.I try to go at slightly off hours to avoid the lunchtime rush and at least haven't had any issues with service, although a good number of the tables usually seem pretty filthy and haven't been wiped off.  The food is pretty bland and uninteresting.  I usually get a couple enchiladas, and the sauce, beans, rice, everything, just kind of melds together into a one-note bland mess.  I guess I shouldn't be expecting much though when the food is so cheap.  I guess that's a positive.  One time the rice was under cooked and crunchy...I still ate it.Unless you are starving, want Mexican food (if you can call it that) and are within a 2 minute walk I don't really see a reason to go here.  Unfortunately, I seem to meet those 3 criteria every now and then.
2	This is one of those places that is just convenient for me. It's so-so. The service is slow. I kind of like their beans and the red enchilada sauce. I would never go out of my way to eat here. In fact, I'm not sure why I eat here, but I do sometimes. Don't judge me.
1	I used to come here on Tuesday's for grad school after I got tired of the neighboring meal options. I always got a chicken quesadilla and on two different occasions I had bone in my quesadilla. The first was more annoying that harmful, but the second time I was absolutely awestruck. How do you not notice a chicken bone that size? It was also sharp and I feel lucky that I was not hurt. See my picture and you'll understand why I have never been back.
2	Convenience is, indeed, the only reason to go here.  There are a surprising (surprised me, at least) lack of Mexican places within walking distance of this part of downtown Phoenix.  I work in the area, so I end up eating here once a month or so because I've been to the spots around it an exhaustive number of times, or I just really want some beans and rice on a particular day.Said beans and rice are acceptable but don't rise above that level.  The entrees are meh.  I usually get the tacos because, again, they're generally acceptable if not great.  Like many I found service to be slow and, given that the sub-Filiberto's fast quality of what you get, I don't see any excuse for that.  It's never been particularly busy when I've gone in, so it wasn't that the staff were horribly pressed, either.You can do better, is the bottom line, but if you REALLY want Mexican on a particular day, El Portal is...there.
1	I went here once or twice never again will i go the beans were not good they were cold felt.sick.after.i ate....
5	Super inexpensive - Lightning quick service - great people. cheek out the Mary-Rose special (calabasitas). It was AWESOME
