5	I had my daughter's 5th birthday party at the bowling alley. I had reserved three lanes, and the party attendants set up a table behind the lanes with pizza, soda, and goodie bags for the kids. The two party attendants I had were very helpful with getting the children settled and taking care of my request. It was not expensive! I would have another party here if the time calls for it!
4	We go here at least once a week and we're not even leaguers.  The specials CANNOT BE BEAT!  Mondays and Tuesdays are specials days (that's a lot of 's's on the ends of words)...Monday after 9 is $1 shoes and games.  If you already got shoes, you're sweetness on a stick these days.The regular price...meh.  I'm cheap.  its about 8 bucks total for shoes and a game.The place is clean, which is something I'm not used to in a bowling alley.  Back in Michigan, we had a place called Liberty Bowl.  It was dirty.  That was my first bowling experience so that's what I expect all places to be.  So I was pleasantly surprised by Kyrene Lanes.  Nice and bright and SMOKE FREE!!!  Yeah!Its an awesome place for kids because of the smoke free atmosphere.  But I don't think they have balls that are lighter than 6 pounds, and if they do they're hidden somewhere.  The lanes seem well maintained.  There are the inevitable lane malfunctions, though.  But they are taken care of with no scruff.  They've got bumper bowling...its not the push a button kind, its the 'go tell the guy at the counter to put the bumpers up' kind...which is kind of an inconvenience to have to go ALL the way to the counter if you're in lane like 88 or something.The score keepers work right...its easy to put your names in.  They don't have the really nice flat screen ones where you can watch videos...but hey, this ain't Scottsdale.After whatever o'clock, they turn off the lights and turn on the neon and music.  There are screens throughout the place that come down and display videos to some of the songs.  It can be a bit distracting if you're not used to it...but most people who are bowling at that time of night are just there for fun anyway.The leagues are from 5:30 to 9:30.  This sucks for me because I am cheap and have to go after 9:30 to get the $1 specials...and I live out in Maricopa.  So the ride, the games, and the ride back usually takes me til like 11:30.  I gotta get up early in the morning around....hey wait, no one cares.Food?  They got it.  And its tasty.  But its EXPENSIVE.  As are most bowling alleys, I guess.  You need about $10 to eat here...that's just for yourself.  If you got little ones...man.The bathrooms are not pretty, though.  If they kept them as clean as the rest of the place, I'd give this place 5 stars.  (That's just me)There is a pro shop right inside here.  The guy that was in there was SUPER helpful and patient.  I know nothing about bowling other than 'throw the ball to hit the pins', and he explained what kind of shoe and ball I should get and why.  All this while helping other customers.The customer service here is great period.  Always friendly and helpful.  The atmosphere is a little laid back, not what i'm used to.  Its nice here.  Bring the family...bring grandma!The house balls and shoes...well, what do you expect.  If you really care that much about these two things, you should really get your own gear.  You save a lot in the long run by not having to pay for shoes.  And having your own balls is...wow, did I just write that?Ok, so yeah.  Dirty bathrooms, and run of the mill house equipment, but great service, no smoking, good deals, and nice lanes get this place 4 stars for me.
3	I had to take away a star.  They used to run $1 games on Mondays and Tuesdays, but now they don't anymore.  Well, not during the day at least.  Its still a dollar for shoes and games after 9 pm.
4	Great place to bowl with the family!These lanes do have the typical bar attached, but I got the feeling they are very family-oriented. We did not have any coupons when we went, and the guy at the counter was kind enough to let us use a coupon they had at the desk. We got two hours of bowling for four people, plus shoe rental and a pitcher of soda, all for $40. A pretty good deal for a Saturday.Nice people, nice clean place, and non-smoking.
4	Specials have always been running...I just got someone who didn't know what they were talking about at the time I said they didn't have them anymore.  Star re-given.Also, service was awesome on a recent visit!
3	Nothing fancy but they have friendly staff and good parking! We don't bowl very often but every time we do we come here and have a great time.
1	I went here on Wednesday and apparently there are days where the lanes is all full cause there's a league! They should put a sign out in the door if they don't have any lanes open for public at that day. And what makes me even more furious was they don't allow me to used my phone! I will never go back to this place again as I found myself really enjoy my time at AMF!
1	Went to cosmic bowling and the music was awful. It's was old school rock. The drinks are over priced and weak. We will never come back here! Waste of $55
5	I used to bowl a lot as a kid. I had lots of parties at bowling allies, I hung out with my cousins at the bowling alley, and I had father/daughter time at the bowling alley. I was never good at it, but it was always a good time. The thing I used to hate though, was the fact that you were allowed to smoke in the bowling alley. GROSS! Needless to say, its obviously been a long time since I've been bowling because when I walked in today it was like a breath of fresh air. No smoking! Aside from that, bowling is a good time, even if I am still no good at it. I purchased a few groupons and finally got around to using them. I went with my husband, sister and three year old niece. We all had fun. We played two games each and by the end we were all saying how much we wanted to come back already. And another cool thing, we got there at 3pm on a Saturday, and they had just started cosmic bowling during the day. It was pretty cool because I would never come in to bowl late enough for the actual cosmic bowling. The people around you are going to be annoying and there might even be some obnoxious dad yelling at his under ten year old children about how to properly spin the ball, but there is always a group of crazy people at the bowling alley. Its part of the fun. My suggestion though, don't eat the food. It's over priced and greasy. I never eat any of it but I always think its funny when people complain about it. You know its going to be gross and overpriced, so why do you get it? Come for the bowling. The people that work there are even willing to hand you coupons they have in their pockets. Which would have been nice if we didn't already have groupons.
2	Had fun bowling with the kids but i've been to better bowling alleys... when i came in to bowl the cashier didn't seem that thrilled to be there or to help and gave me my lane.. when i came back later there was a much friendlier cashier giving the breakdown of the specials they had that i could have taken advantage of so that was a little irritating. Overall atmoshphere was good and kids had a good time bowling.
4	OK. If you look at my profile, you will see that I bowl. Boom. Yes. I bowl a lot in fact. I have a very high average, and am really good. I only will bowl at certain locations, because I am a picky, high average bowler. I have actually bowled at every lane in Arizona, and I can tell you each one is different. Recently, I have bowled almost two full season leagues at Kyrene Lanes, and can't say anything better about the way they handle the lanes. I do look at this more practically from a "bowling alley standpoint" than I do entertainment value. So, disregard my comments if you're interested in pizzaz. I am all about the comfort and the lane conditions, and professionalism of the staff. Well, lets just say they JUST RENOVATED! HOORAY! Its been a few months, but its now up to par with all the other Brunswick's in the valley. I will not bowl at AMF lanes, as they truly dumb down bowling and do not provide as quality of a product as Brunswick. Trust me, Brunswick is the way to go. Here at Kyrene each lane has its own widescreen TV, this location has its own special bar, and they've got a large backing of veteran staff whom can assist you in numerous capacities. I travel from Central Phoenix to this location because its that great. If you can't practically drive that far, do choose another Brunswick, once again.Finally, as for prices, they are market rate at each location you go to, nothing different. The fact that they haven't changed rates since the remodel is a testament to their service. If you want excellent single game rates and food/part coupons, go onto Brunswickbowling.com, join their e-mail list and enjoy amazing coupons....its one of the only e-mail coupon lists I would recommend joining. Do it, its once again worth it.ENJOY! E-mail for more Q's!
5	Nice place to bowl. Friendly crowd.
4	As far as bowling alleys go, it's a pretty average looking place. They do have a pretty cool cafe with pool tables and TV's as well as a snack bar. What I do like about this place is it's clean and staff are very friendly. I come here for my boyfriend's bowling league and find it comfortable to hang out.I also do enjoy the fact there's no smoking inside. If you're looking for a good place to bowl, I'd go here!
4	Competitive pricing, nice bar, pool tables, good staff, etc...Its not the most upscale bowling alley but its very reasonably priced and has the amenities like food, drinks, bar, etc.. Their ranch bacon fries are soooo good. They also do a lot with local charities which is awesome. However the lanes are very tiny and the seats are the worst bowling seats I've ever been in. It gets crowded quick with such little space. It's ok but I wouldn't bowl here all the time b/c its too uncomfortable.
4	So here is a review for the bowling alley.  I think you probably know what to expect from a bowling alley, but here goes anyway. Do they have cheap beer by the pitcher? Check. Do they have an ample amount of bowling balls? Check.  Is the staff friendly? Check.Do they play cheesy music? Check.This location is near my house so it gets and extra star since I can walk there and we always have fun.  If you live in the area it's a good bowling alley to go to and have a cold beer and bowl some frames.
4	I obviously love this place if I bowl here every Tuesday night! The lanes are always maintained and the atmosphere is fun and inviting. Of course because I bowl here every week, I know most of the staff by name. I am really picky about where I bowl because I have my own equipment and want to keep it in working condition. I live in central Phoenix but will drive down to Chandler just to bowl for fun because I haven't found another bowling alley that is just as great or better than here.
4	Kyrene Lanes has refreshed the facility and it remains a really great place to go bowling. Everything is in good working order and quite clean, including the tables and chairs and the bathrooms. We went on a Monday so it wasn't very busy--just a senior league playing on some of the lanes and a few families. The guy made an effort to set us away from the groups of kids and give us plenty of space. One of the things I like about this place is they have very nice house balls, all color coded and organized. I've been to many bowling alleys where the house balls are people's old balls that got sold or traded in to the pro shop, so they are mismatched and in poor condition. Kyrene Lanes has what appear to be stock house balls from Brunswick.As other reviewers have mentioned, the music is cheesy as heck and the pitchers of beer are cheap. Don't go without a coupon!
5	Refreshed it inside, looks great!!!  A whole lot of fun, best place in the area.
3	10$ Friday night Cosmic bowling includes 2 hours of bowling, shoe rental, and a raffle ticket for prizes given throughout the night (starts at 10pm!). The facility is a little old but I do like how each lane has its own TV and table. The snack bar is very iffy but they do have $1 refills which is good. Bottom line is, if you want a cheap date night or friends night out bowling with unpretentious people this is the place to go. No thrills and frills like Lucky Strike or Brunswick XL in Gilbert but it's still tons of fun.
4	First of all I would like to clarify that I'm really not a bowler. I bowl once a year during our company outing and we always go to Kyrene Lanes but in my younger years I used to bowl all the time. This bowling alley is really nice since they re-did this place. No more old chairs and tables but now the table has the computer to enter all your name when keeping score. All the tables has 4 swivel chairs. Very nice and clean. The actual screen has the score above the alley and is really nice. Keeps track of your score, tells you how fast the ball went in mph, and when you bowl more than one game it shows your previous score and your composite score for all your games. Very nice and convenient. Another screen shows up next to it with a music video. All of this really makes the bowling experience very enjoyable. The bathrooms were super clean and I was very surprised cause usually bowling alley bathrooms are not that great but not this one. Only downfall has always been the food. Bowling alley food has always be the worst. My company ordered the food but I know the bowling alley didn't make this food. They must have pick it up from another place. We had wraps with and without meat, veggie trays, cheese and crackers trays, and hamburgers. I could tell the bowling alley made the hamburgers cause it tasted like bowling alley food.So disregarding their food, I would say that this place was very enjoyable and wouldn't mind bring my family here for a relaxing day of bowling. Only thing is I'm not sure how much shoe rental and bowling cost but it was fun.
3	I thought I had reviewed this place already, guess not... Lol, me and the fam come here for bowling night on Mondays, and we have fun. My mother in law always gets great coupons, $5 a game and free shoe rentals. The staff are friendly, though they are going to lose a star from me because one of the bartenders were rude to my father in law when he asked for his drinks a certain way. The kids also have a blast here, though my oldest was with friends this visit my little one had fun bowling, bumpers up of course hehe. The food is moderately priced, not like a movie theater but not that good. Eat after or before, and don't get the nachos. The cheese taste like orange paste.
3	Went bowling with my 2 boys last night. We had an amazing time, especially my youngest. I was disappointed in the pricing, it was a little high. They didn't offer any package deals or have any coupons.I ordered a pizza for them. They said it tasted great and even took some of it home. The service at the little cafe was prompt and charming. Hopefully I can find some coupons or something before we go back next time.
3	We came here with a groupon for two hours for up to six people. We had so much fun at Brunswick Kyrene Lanes, though our two pitchers of soda cost us more than our groupon. I'd come back, but with a groupon/living social/deal chicken voucher.
4	So I'm no good bowler whatsoever with my highest all time being in the 130s.  I'm no regular either but when I do decide to hit up a bowling alley, this is my first choice. I've been to an AMF and this Brunswick.  I'll go ahead and choose Brunswick.  My favorite time to go is during the weeknights (Like Wednesday) after 9pm when they have the $7.99 unlimited bowling w/ $1 shoe rentals.  That is one of the better deals, and it doesn't get real busy either because, well, it's a weeknight.  We probably get in about 4-5 games in before we call it quits.  Thats pretty good for $7.99Now the food.. Never had it, don't plan on it either.  I'm not the type to feel obligated to buy food when a place serves it.  I could starve.  I'm sure the quality isn't great anyways.. It is a "bowling" alley.There was a couple glitches with the lanes machine, like not placing the pins down or even knocking some down, but thats expected with these things being operated electronically.. No big deal, just hit resetSo even though I will probably never win a game against someone, or even touch the 200's.. it's still a fun time to hit up some bowling every once in a while.
