5	My Candy Store :-)All the girls always friendly & helpful.  Rarely anything out of stock. Unless there's an event or special launch (book an appointment for these free make-overs - not to miss!) someone is almost always available to provide you with a makeover or at the very least, a mini make-up application.
5	Located inside Dillards at PV mall, this is the closest MAC to me and what a gem. There always has always staff available to help me out with refilling make-up I'm out of or to apply something off their new line. They have everything an actual MAC store would have so don't be shy to visit this location. Staff is very friendly and talented and the space they occupy is always clean. Yeah MAC!
4	I've always been a MAC user, but being from Boise I wasn't sure what type of service I would receive here at Paradise Valley Mall. Employees are super helpful here! My sister-in-law got her makeup done here for her wedding, and the gentleman who did it was FABULOUS! I'm so sorry I can't remember his name, but he is tall, dark and adorable, and is extremely talented at what he does. When I need to restock my make-up collection, I will be back, and hopefully have that guy give me some tips!
2	I've never had a bad experience here as far as customer service goes - I'm usually just in and out since I know what I want. I just grab it and pay for it.  However, my low rating is based on what I experienced here recently.  I attended a wedding this past weekend and decided I was too lazy to do my own makeup and being in a hurry, I just felt like having someone professional do it so that I look extra nice, since it is a wedding.  And what a coincidence that MAC does your makeup for free with a $50 dollar purchase, and I needed to grab some items anyway.  I arrived 15 minutes before my appointment, at 2:45 pm.  I was greeted really nicely and was told my artist had just arrived.  Very shortly after my artist walked over and greeted me and told me sit in one of the chairs.  She then asked me what kind of look I wanted to achieve, then proceeded to go get the makeup.  I thought so far so good, as I felt I described to her what I wanted overall, but I wasn' t specific to the point as to what exact color I wanted, seeing how she is a "make-up artist" and I just trusted she would use what flatters my feautures and skin tone.  I don't want to drag out the story more than it needs to be - but my exact feelings at the end of the makeup session was that I could've made my self look better than she did.  I asked for a smokey eye, in which she slathered on black and grey eyeshadow and just blended out the edges. There was no definition or depth or any kind of contrast.  I also told her I wanted a cat eye look, in which she proceeded to make me look like an ancient egyptian.  The lines she drew were way too thick, and instead of a subtle "wing" at the end of my eyes, she literally I kid you not, literally drew fish hooks.  I was horrified , and told her nicely that maybe the look was a bit too dramatic for a wedding.  She giggled sympathetically and toned down the wings/hooks, but even the toned down look was still super dramatic.  So by then I was just whatever about it, because if I had her wipe off the eyeliner, it would ruin all the other makeup on my face and it would take longer to apply it again, and I was in a crunch for time already.  All the while, ever since she applied the eyeshadows, there was a bunch of fallout on my cheek and below my eye.  I thought to myself she would probably brush it off at one point but she never did.  I pointed it out to her and she said "Oh, Okay."  And as she proceeded to attempt to remove the fallout, she giggled and said "This is what happens when you try to do things in a hurry."  Umm..........are you serious?She spent half the time I was there running around the makeup floor searching for supplies.  From what I gathered, this make up artist was new.  Not sure if she is just new to this location or new as a makeup artist in general - though my instincts point toward the latter.  Even if she was new to the business - like seriously, people who do makeup tutorials on youtube do a better job. Whoever deemed her acceptable as a makeup artist should seriously have their own license revoked.  I was very disappointed with my face when she finished.  I looked like I was going clubbing.  In ancient Egypt.  Even when I go clubbing, I don't put on that much makeup.
