4	I have been going to Carolyne's for a few years now since my stylist moved salons. I pretty much follow her anywhere! The salon is clean, has really good products, and if Courtney is happy, I'm happy! If you are looking for a new stylist & excellent colorist, ask for Courtney!
1	Scottsdale must have the highest number of salons per capita in the Southwest.  The fierce competition means they have to always give their A game or risk customers going to the next salon over.  Since Carolyne's just rents out space to the artists, this review is limited to their running of the front desk and the facility itself.  I'll keep this brief so please excuse my bluntness.  The people who answer the phones and handle customers at the front desk talk in overly brusque tones to the customers, make customers wait too long before they acknowledge them in person or on phone, and just generally have terrible phone skills on both a people and technical level.  Forget about it if you need a stylist with a certain specialty, because either they don't have a clue or will just match you up with whomever is available regardless of what you asked for.  I got a better result from the student at the beauty school down the street than the "specialist" they set me up with.  The salon itself is decorated nicely, but is so dirty with fingerprints on everything and a thick layer of dust that's highly visible in all the out of the way places.  This is the kind of salon that one might be able to live with if the stylist they love moves there, but otherwise I'd recommend one of the hordes of other Scottsdale salons that try harder.
4	Please note that I am writing specifically to review my experiences with Boyd, one of the nail technicians at Carolyne's.I think the salon itself is adequate -- stylish but not overly-pretentious decor, a super convenient location, and a very indulgent and current selection of guilty pleasure US Weekly, OK and Vanity Fair magazines.  It's obviously very girlie-oriented and I always feel like I am treating myself when I'm there.Boyd, however, is way more than adequate!  He is one of the only people who I will trust with my fingernails -- best manicures I have ever had!  I have natural nails and I am so protective of letting "just anyone" have their way with my delicate nail beds.  Boyd is a pro and is just as OCD about nails and polish as I am.  The polish selection at Carolyne's has got to be best-in-class:  all the technicians share, and I swear you can name an OPI seasonal shade from 4 years ago and someone will know exactly what you're talking about and locate it for you!To boot, I genuinely enjoy spending time with Boyd -- just fun and a pleasure.  Sometimes I will also pop in for a pampering pedicure, and I highly suggest the new chocolate-scented scrub/mask/lotion products.  Mmmmm....The next time you feel like you deserve an upgrade from one of those walk-in places, consider paying a bit more and making an appointment with my boy Boyd!
2	I have gone here for years and do like my stylist. She's does a great job with color and cutting my hair. However, if she left so would I. The salon itself is nice and not over-the-top.My issue is the owner who has that snobby Scottsdale attitude. Carolyn should have a better understanding of her clients and at the very least smile and say "hi'. That's simple and proper business etiquette which Carolyn lacks.
5	Jen is amazing! She is truly an artist with nails (fingers and toes-but especially toes!). I've been seeing her for 14 years, and her skill has only evolved with time. She is so creative and knows what will look awesome-just trust her. She'll suggest colors and patterns for you if you don't know what you want, and if you have a crazy idea she can probably do it. And she's great at incorporating rhinestones into stuff!!I am so loyal to her nail art that even though I live in NYC, land of the man/pedi combos, I almost never get my nails done here because I'd rather wait the six months until I make my semi-annual visit home to AZ. Her toenail paintings seem to last forever! Some of my favorites are watermelons (great for summer!), American Flag (complete with rhinestones, a 4th of July fave), zebra stripes, tuxedos (SO cute for formal events! and she does whatever color combo you want), and team spirit/school colors (she even begrudgingly painted my toes with U of A spirit despite her ASU allegiance!). I'm attaching a few pics of toenail art I've had done here to show just what a fabulous job Jen does. She also has a facebook page for her work (https://www.facebook.com/pages/Happy-Feet-by-Jen-at-Carolynes-Salon/133142156725918) where you can see other nail art she's done.I realize this sounds like a paid promotion for her, but honestly, Jen is just amazing. She's so easy to talk to, and so fun! I dare you to see her and NOT like her. Just try! Everyone I've referred to her over the years has nothing but raves for her. As for other services at Carolyne's, I've had my hair done by Liz and she's pretty good. I have friends who have seen other stylists there (whose names I can't remember off the top of my head) that they love, and the place is pretty big and spacious, so there are plenty of stylists to choose from!With regards to the comments on the front desk people, I understand...but we're in Scottsdale. Come on. The owner and her daughter have always been nice to me and my fam, possibly because we've been there with them for so long, but I've seen the way they act around other people and it's not anything out of the ordinary for this town. It's definitely not the worst I've seen, but just suck it up-you're in a salon in the land of pretentiousness. You'll walk out of there as gorgeous as the rest of the city and you'll forget the front desk people five minutes later anyway. Moral of the story: GO SEE JEN!!!!
5	I sent my wife here 2 years ago to see Lisa and because she raved some much about how great Lisa and the service is, I have become a loyal customer as well! I am a guys guy and didn't see the value of going to a salon vs Super Cuts, but after getting a consistant haircut and working with Lisa, who knows what I am looking for, there is no going back.
5	This is a wonderful salon and the staff are all professional and friendly.BEAU JASON is a fantastic stylist and it's always a pleasure to get my hair styled by him.  He is so experienced and my hair turns out even better than I'd hoped each time. I get so many compliments about it. He is also a lovely person so that it's so much fun to hang out with him. I can highly, highly recommend him!
5	I come to Carolynes specifically for Sara B to do my hair. Prior to having her do my hair, I was never really partial to a specific salon or stylist, but ever since Sara started doing my hair, I refuse to go anywhere else... its to the point that I wont even let me cousin who owns her own salon out in California do my hair when w see each other!  People stop me to compliment my hair color and ask me how I get it the way that it is, my answer is SARA B. And as far as the cut goes, sometimes I know what I want her to do, other times I don't, but either way when I leave the salon I always feel beautiful and renewed.
5	There is only one person in the world I let touch my hair and that's SARA B. She can turn garbage messed up hair into a beautiful masterpiece (she has done it for me). She knows the perfect hair cut styles and her hair color/highlight/ombre ability is on point. she will deliver exactly what you want. I referred my mom, sister and nieces  to her and they all love her and continue to go back. I will follow her wherever she goes because she is the best!
5	I have been going to Carolynes Salon for a few years now and see Sara Bahri everytime. She knows what she is doing and I completely trust her with my long hair for cuts and colors. I am a business owner in Scottsdale and have referred my high-end clients to see Sara, and they all just rave about how wonderful she is as a stylist, and as a person. The salon itself is nice and is always stocked with quality hair products. I highly recommend the salon and Sara B as a stylist.
4	Courtney did a great job styling my daughter's hair on very short notice. Courtney did just what she wanted and she was quite pleased at a reasonable price.
5	I used to go to Carolyne's some time ago when I lived in Scottsdale.  When I moved to Fountain Hills, I tried to go local.  That was a big mistake!  I have not been happy with the many stylists I've tried.  Just got my hair cut yesterday at Carolyne's and I cannot say enough good things about Danielle.  The best cut I've had in many, many years.  I guess I should have mentioned that I have curly hair and if you have curly hair then you understand how difficult it is to find someone that knows what they are doing.Thank you!!!
5	Cute, clean salon. Danielle is amazing.
5	I have been seeing Sara B for years now and would not let anyone touch my hair again. Her knowledge and understanding of what clients want and need exceeds any expectation I ever had. She is hands down the best stylist I have met.
5	The salon is professional  and luxurious. Stella S. Is incredibly sweet and amazingly talented!
5	Hi I have been a stylist for 13 yrs. I have work for a few salons and can say this is the best Salon. The talent in Carolynes rocks the house I am happy to say I work there !! So come SEE US !!! Thanks Courtney Hope
5	i have been going to this salon for the last 7 years. All of the same faces are still around and they always greet me every time I come in. They all know me by name! Carol, the owner, is always working diligently to make her salon the best around. You always walk into a clean, bright, hospitable environment. I have facials done by Marina, she is very gentle and performs flawlessly during her extractions, as she like to call them! Kristin works the front desk and is the first person to greet me by name when I walk in. Courtney Poirier has been my stylist since the beginning. She has what I like to call magic hands! Every time I arrive she is doing something spectacular with one of her clients in her chair. i send everyone I know to her and they have nothing but terrific things to say about the quality of her work. Anytime I go in I tell her to make me look good and she knows exactly what to do. I always have a new style and consistently receive complements by individuals in passing, coworkers, and friends. Courtney knows all the latest trends and I would for sure reach out to her! Her prices are great and she knows how to bring the best out of your hair. A+++
5	I love this place sara did my ombre which I loved and Michelle did my nail which i love both are so sweet and great at What they do.
5	I've been seeing Sara for over a year know. Just to give you an idea how amazing she is I left my previous stylist after 4 1/2 years. It was tough at first but so happy with her work. If you need a change , look her up! You'll be happy you did!!! I'm very pleased and the salon is excellent.
5	I saw Marlania on Saturday and she is a doll! She explained everything to me and I found her very easy to talk to. She is definitely my new stylist and I can't wait to go back again!!
5	I have been getting my hair done by Sara B. for about 4 years now. She does an amazing job, and my hair has only become healthier and healthier as the years pass. She knows exactly what I want even if I'm not up front about it. Cuts, color, and style, Sara knows exactly how to make hair fit every unique face! I have been offered free color, cuts, and styles in the past, but Sara is the only person I truly can trust with my hair.... 4 year and going strong!!! Thanks Sara!!!!
1	I was really disappointed that they would not honor an expired gift certificate.  They took the money that my friend paid, so they ought to honor it.  I own a business and we have expirations on our gift cards, but it's just to encourage people to use them.  We always honor an expired one.    What difference does the date really make?  Money is money.  It's just not fair, and certainly not "going the extra" mile for clients.
