4	There's not much to say about the Vegas sandwich titan that is Capriotti's.  This is a solid location on the corner of Lake Mead and Boulder Highway (Albertson's shopping center), formerly occupied by Boardhouse Subs.  Since it's very close to our house, I've already been a few times since it opened.  The service was a bit slow in the beginning, but they are learning and improving very quickly.  The last time I went in you would never know that this place hasn't been open long.  There are several places to sit, it's a good sized location with plenty of parking.  Glad to have this addition to the neighborhood.
2	Staff makes me give it 2 stars... counter girl: not very relaxed nor friendly, like dealing with a quick-serve surgeon.  Cold sub girl: like she was strolling threw the park, take your time, relax, I'll still be here in an hour.
5	On our first stay in Henderson, we just discovered Capriottis, and are so pleased we did.  Carlos, the manager was extremely helpful.  The food was delicious.  Carlos made the sandwich for us.  They are known for their philly cheesesteaks, but we opted for a fresh turkey sandwich.  It was great.  We highly reccomend this location, and will be back during our stay..
1	We were so excited when Capriottis came to our neighborhood! We get them any time we are nearby one, so how perfect that they are 2 minutes away now. But too bad they CANNOT make a sandwich the way it was ordered. Four times, FOUR, we have gone and each time they have totally screwed up. We take them to go and when we get home and open it up, it's the biggest disappointment. We only order the spicy Italian with peppers and mayo. That's it! Nothing too crazy or complicated. Yet every time it isn't right. Twice we have come home with just a regular Italian sandwich, once we came home with a spicy Italian without the peppers or mayo, and the last time we came home with a Philly! A freakin philly! I called them and told them about it and they said to come back they had it waiting for us. So my husband brought the philly with him just to show we weren't lying and they gave him the Italian and wanted the philly back! Mind you, this Philly has already come home with us, opened it up and everything. I really hope they didn't give it to the person who really ordered it. But they should have let my husband keep it for our trouble. Anyway, so he brings home the spicy Italian sandwich and guess what? It was a plain Italian with not even oil on it. That was the last straw. We will not be wasting our money there anymore. Such a disappointment!
2	It's a sad day when they can't even make a bobby right after standing and directing them on how it should be made from over the counter. Maybe when they can listen to a order and make it correctly I will try this location again.
5	I can only speak for my experience.. everyone was super nice and my bobbie was perfect!!!!
1	I went in for a sandwich and I asked for it on sliced bread. They told me, "We can't do that." What do you mean? You mean to tell me you can't do sliced bread? "We can't do that because it's not on the menu." I can't begin to tell you how flabbergasted this leaves me.They agreed to put it on sliced bread, because it's a sandwich shop and that's ridiculous. I then asked if they had chili paste, as every other Capriotti's I've been to does. The cashier proceeded to tell me oh no, the soup of the day isn't chili. I had to leave. I couldn't deal with it. I love Capriotti's, just not this one.
1	Went in to get a sandwich and a salad. I had seen that they changes on their menu. I asked if they could make this creation salad that was on their menu before. The manager Donna was very rude and said no.  I then ask for a BBQ turkey salad with no BBQ sauce. She then got involved with the register. I ask for 2oz extra turkey grilled onions and mushrooms. She was very upset. The sandwich was ham and cheese. She wanted to charge me over $26.00. I ask her what did she ring up she said what I ordered. We went through it and she added 2 salads. After she changed it the bill was over $21.00 very high price lunch for two. I just bought a house in Henderson in February and I use to go there almost every day. I don't think I will eat there again. I have a sandwich and ice cream place in Anaheim Ca. ( Togos and Baskin Robbins). I would never have a manager that treat my customers they way I was treated.
