5	Pressed juice has arrived to the southwest!! Just happened to stumble on this gem...got the FUNCTION and I'm in love. Can't wait to come back to try more!!!
5	My first visit here and I love this place. I went in and got to spoke with Sabrina. Super nice gal and talked with me and my daughter about the different juices and nut milks. The prices are reasonable and the flavors they have are delicious.  I got Flush, Hemp Seed Milk with Spirulina, and Refresh.  The Flush is really yummy if you like ginger. The Hemp seed milk is creamy and delicious. It tastes kind of like a mild flavored chai or spice cake. Refresh has the green tea in it.  We will definitely be back.
5	Function Juicery is awesome!  Right down the street from my gym and I'm able to stop in at least 2-3 times a week since they've opened.  Been trying to taste all the different blends and so far my favorites are the 2 with Beets in them.  I think STIMULATE, and umm... I forget the second.  you can't miss them because the beet juice makes them blood red.My wife is thinking about doing their cleanse.  6-7 juices day and its like  a reset on your body.  Even the green juices that are mostly veggies are good.  They use some interesting plant mixtures to "spice" up the flavor so it doesn't feel like your drinking thick smelly juice like when i've tried to juice at home.  Let the professionals do it for you.  It tastes better!!!Cute little cafe feel with some reclaimed wood on the walls and even an indoor lawn for you to chill on.
5	Love, love, love function juicery! The shop is beautiful, the owner has amazing customer service, the raw and cold pressed juices are delicious and the prices are affordable, $8 a bottle, unlike some other juicery's in town that charge $$$ plus extra for nut milks. You will not be disappointed.. Go now!!
5	Simple. Wonderful. Fresh. Delicious. A fine fine gem of a place that offers a great variety of blissful elixirs.
5	One of the best things about working out at the gym is being able to grab a cold delicious juice before and/or after.. The variety and flavor of juices is what brings joy to my day.. The staff is always friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable on their products. It's a cute convenient shop just off the 215 fwy that i can pop in, get a fresh delicious tasting juice, and go on with my day or buy a few and stock up. Since it's cold pressed, you can refrigerate them for a few days. I bring these to school, work, or just anytime snack. Definitely try the raw vegan cacao truffles. The owner makes them herself and they are delicious... such a great energy sustaining healthy snack.. I hope this place does well, and I try my best to spread the word.. The juices are affordable are  $8 it's far less experience and just right compared to other places Ive shopped before.. best of luck to you guys!
5	Love this place! They have so many great flavors and variety of juices and they are all cold pressed(you don't lose the nutrients like most places)!! Function Juicery is super convenient as well, right next to the gym! The prices are right, the service is great, and the products taste awesome! I'm definitely a customer for life!
5	Oh Function Juicery, how I love thee.If I could spend my days wearing a sandwich board, marching up and down the street letting people know how awesome you are...I would.So, I've been here more than a lot of times...every juice I've had, from greens to almond milk, has been delicious.  The recipes they use are amazing!! :)here are some of my absolute favs:Function - I find this truly to be the best greens based pressed juice.  crisp, light, and full of everything we need to get our fill of veggies!Flush - my absolute #1 fav.  if you love ginger and the thought of having BURDOCK ROOT in a drink...you'll love this too!  I mean, burdock root is SO GOOD FOR YOU...and seriously, how often do you "pick some up" at the store?  almost never, for me.  which is why I LOVE this drink.  MORE PLEASE!!Glow - my husband's absolute favorite.  strawberry and aloe...YUMMINESS.  this is not only my husband's favorite...but I think the favorite of most of my friends and family.  I love it too...I just love Flush more.All in all, this place makes me happy.  Truly.  Please go, you'll love them!
5	I've never walked into a place and felt so welcomed the girl behind the counter was very knowledgeable and come to find out she is the owner! It's really cool when the owner is so hands on. So many great tasty recipes and all really original. I like to support local businesses and this girl was very passionate and it shows in her products. I don't juice often but when I do, I'll be juicing with function Juicery.
5	Sabrina was most helpful with our questions and the juice tastes great. No icky concentrated crap added. We are doing a three day juice cleanse with 6 juices a day. It was nice to be able to choose the ones We wanted and Sabrina described each one to us. Great local spot
5	Such an adorable little juicery!!!! And so much cheaper than other shops. Skip whole foods and get fresh cold pressed juices from the function juicery.
4	Kinda pricey about $8 a bottle.  Wished they had a discount for buying a case of six.  My favorite blends: Flush & Roots.  Not sure if I was a fan of the Function flavor, but can't wait to try out the other mixes!
5	This is the place. Juice is great. Honestly Id go if they were selling ice because the owner is so cool. Sabrina is so down to earth and relaxed. Matt is too great as well. She doesnt make you feel like you need to change your entire health life in one day. I will be coming here from now until forever. Go.
5	Absolutely LOVE this juicery. Great selections, always fresh and they have a super friendly staff. Must try is Glow, Regulate and Circulate. I did a three day cleanse and loved that there was a new juice each day to try. The assortments are really delicious and make you feel full. Awesome place!
5	I'm a firm believer in juicing and this place delivers the goods! Friendly staff and great fresh selection. So glad I have one more option for juice! And it's right by my work so it's totally perfect for me.
5	Such a great place! My coworkers recommended it and everyone from my work goes there. I'm glad that more places like this are popping up but nowhere compares to Function Juicery. The juice is delicious and the peole that work there are even better!
5	I wasn't feeling my best this past week because of my horrible decisions the previous weekend. I decided to do a 2 day cleanse so I can try out some of their juices before I commit to a 3 day cleanse. I was really impressed with Sabrina's knowledge on cleansing but was also understanding and non judgmental to my lifestyle. I loved that there was no preset order of juices for a cleanse. I could pick any 6 that looked appealing to me. They even have options that contain coffee bean! I love that!The juices were tasty and were also really fresh. I'll be back this weekend for a 3 day cleanse. Thanks Sabrina!!!
3	The juices are good at this place but I think may have missed the boat. Upon walking in there were about seven different types of juices in a cooler and there was a guy at the counter kind of doing his own thing. I picked up a couple bottles of juice, paid for it and left. The juice was actually pretty good but I would't go out of my way to go here. I know it's weird but I like to see them making my juice and if I'm just going to go in grab a bottle out of a cooler, have no one say anything, pay for it and leave I'm okay with making my run over to Whole Foods...same thing but at least I'll have the opportunity to buy a $14 salad.
5	Function Juicery is the whole package! The juices are nutritious and delicious, fresh and convenient. The prices are excellent for the product they provide. Sabrina, the owner is very accommodating! She is wonderful - as is the entire staff! Every single employee is fabulous, they will all take the time to answer questions and find the juice for you. There is a variety of choices as far as flavor goes...and the entire place is spotless! Everything is clean. All. The. Time. I have never been in there when someone wasn't cleaning something. The vibe is great, and if you're needing a healthier spot to meet up with a friend or have a business meeting there is a cute seating area. Replace your coffee and try their energizing drinks! Customer for life. I would drive well out of my way to get my hands on these juices!
5	I must come here almost daily! Love that it's right by LVAC, making it super convenient to stop in pre or post workout! The stimulate is my favorite... So fresh and a little spicy!!!! Cleanse is perfect for well... Cleansing! Always makes me feel super healthy! Flu shot and detox shot are like tiny little instant feel goods! Perfect for a night after bad eating or drinking! I've done 3 day cleanses through function and had amazing results every time! Plus the staff is always super friendly and helpful and the owner, Sabrina, is super knowledgeable and very good at what she does! Highly recommend his place!
5	First time writing a review and I'm not ashamed to say it. Function Juicery is awesome! Sabrina is super cool and really helpful. I'm new to the juicing game and she helped me figure out a lot of scares I had about different types of juices and what to start with. I am definitely coming back to this place no questions asked!!
5	If you're interested in starting a juice cleanse, go check out Function Juicery. All of the options were delicious and the prices are competitive if not better than other juice bars in town. The juices are so delicious. I really liked Glow and Flush. It didn't even feel like juicing because every juice was so flavorful. I will be back!!
5	By far the best experience in a juice bar. Great customer service and amazing products. They make everything there so it's always fresh. Their flu shot is wondrous! I feel better already! I recommend this store to everyone, even if you don't want to cleanse they have tasty drinks to choose from.
4	One of the best-quality juiceries in town- the other being Juice Standard. The main differences are packaging and pricing: bottles here are plastic and slightly smaller, as is the price tag ($8 compared to $10+).Location is well decorated and I have been pleasantly surprised by the quality and taste of product- flavors are balanced, all juices have all ingredients on the bottle, as well as an expiration date sticker.Favorite green juices is Function, Cleanse is a little bland, Restore contains broccoli- not my thing at all. Beet-based veggie drinks include Roots and Circulate. There are also seasonal features and nut milks, which I didn't expect to like but have really enjoyed.Service is limited, given that you're picking up a pre-made product, but some employees are light years better than others- I like when they offer suggestions or point out what's new in stock, but occasionally you get the guy who  doesn't say two words during the entire transaction. Wish I felt comfortable sitting in their cozy living room area, but it's really more of a grab and go place.REQUESTS: I would love it if they'd add a punch-card system for discounts, or offer some sort of deal when you purchase several juices at once. Buy 10, get one free? 20% off when you buy six or more? I'm open to ideas, but some sort of loyalty program should be implemented.  And if they could make the nutrition available for each of their juices available online, I'd be even happier!
