2	Going to Midwestern University for treatment is like taking your dog to the vet for a hair cut.There is a 75 percent chance you will not see a doctor. Instead, you will see a "student doctor", who will poke and prod you too hard, read a bunch of items off of a checklist, and then hurriedly and nervously leave the room to fetch the real doctor when they run out of things to ask you.After fifteen minutes or so of waiting, the real doctor will come in and sit down with you (while the eager student taking notes or something), briefly explain to you why you're feeling what it is that you're feeling, write some prescription in handwriting not even the pharmacist can read, and then leave you to your fate.I once went in to have blood work done, as I was experiencing intense mood swings that coincided with constant hunger pangs. Although my test results indicated I had "high liver function" (the kind that you get when you have an alcohol or tylenol problem, which I didn't have), I was given anti-depressants on the sole basis that I had admitted to the doctor that my parents were in the middle of a divorce. Oh, and as he handed me the prescription of anti-depressants, he mentioned that there was a good chance I would experience night terrors and noticeable weight loss as a result of taking them.Who the hell gives a drug that will instill weight loss to someone complaining of hunger pangs?If you must go here, avoid making an appointment on Thursday. It's admittedly their busiest day of the week.One of their former Board of Directors was just released due to an impending malpractice suit.And their choice of magazines suck.
4	Safe & very clean campus.  My friend goes here so what can I say?  They take good care of their students.  Student apartments are next door and they have security outside of their library & actually check for student ids - safe!Parking looks small, but I guess theres enough?  You pass by security before getting through the gate he opens for you at night.  Pretty campus still.
5	Beautiful campus with great academic programs and a professional student body, my home for the past year :)
4	I have been bringing my daughter here since last year for orthodontic work. I had been referred by several people.  Even though it is taking longer to get the treatment here than at another dental office, it is worth it!  We were quoted over $8000 for her dental work through several dentists. At Midwestern, we paid a fraction of that cost. My daughter had no dental insurance at the time, so the cost was a very big factor in my decision to have her treated here.  The doctors are top notch and the students we've dealt with have all been eager, caring, and have gone above and beyond to make both my daughter (Who was 8 when we started her treatment plan) and I comfortable.   It can take a while to get an appointment, but it is worth the wait!   The campus is clean, as is the clinic. I recommend Midwestern to just about everyone I know.   Hey, if they can tell my child they have to pull teeth in such a way that she's actually OK with it... they win major brownie points with me! She actually looks forward to seeing "her" student doctor!
5	A FIRST CLASS University from Dr.Kathleen Goeppinger Pres&CEO, Dr.Karen Johnson Vice Pres. and Dean Jacquelyn Smith and all thanks to the staff. Honorable mention to the Cardiovascular Science  Program Professors Ed Evans, Harry Hoerr , Julie Steele-Pruett and Chris Yann  all are gifted teachers, mentors and outstanding role models !!
