1	This review is strictly for the wacker than wack McDonalds a.k.a McDONTSo me and my best girl partied hard one nite n Vegas and as u know all things must cum 2 an end. So after the club we go back to our hotel room which is at the MGM. We stop at the front desk to ask if anything was still open at 4 in da monin. They said yes if u walk to our farmers market (which is kinda far and even farther if u been on your feet all day & all nite in some hills) we have a pizza spot & a McDonalds that's 24hours. I so hat3 McD's so we said we would walk back there for the pizza. So needless to say we get there and both lines are long but McDONT'S is shorter. We both are tired azz h3ll & just want something in our system so we can soak up the liquor & go to bed. So we stand in line for I don't know how long for that nasty azz food get up to the freakin counter to hear we outta food all we have is 5 fishes and 2 chicken. EXCUSE ME !! 1st off ... what the h3ll language r u speakin ? I guess 5 fishes is supposed to be fillet of fish & the 2 chicken with no "s" is supposed to be some kind of chicken sandwich. So 2nd'ly...I get upset bcuz y u did not announce that to everyone standing in line. Were practically standing there 4 no freakin reason. So my girl orders the darn 2 chicken. 3rd...who in the h3ll is managing this place ? How r u gonna b open 24hrs and DON'T have any food ? Just freakin turn the lights off at 10pm y don't u !!!So now were on the long walk back to the room. We get there kick our shoes off get comfy open up our 2 chicken and WOW... bread...mayo...chicken. WHERE THE H3LL IS MY LETTUCE ? WHERE IS MY TOMATOES ? So now I am forced to eat this dry azz sandwich no fries to go with it ( thats the only thing i eat at McDont's is there addictive french fries) and some left over water from the club cuz oh yes...these fools didnt have any beverages either.Can some 1 help me understand how a fast food chain that claim they sold over a billion hamburgers and so forth run out of food...IN VEGAS...@ THE MGM GRAND who has bookoo money.So the next nite U know we had to do it all over again but this time we went straight to the pizza spot. I told the pizza man what happened the night b4 and he said  "IT'S ALWAYS LIKE THAT, THEY SHUT DOWN IF THEY RUN OUT OF KETCHUP PACKAGES"In an event of a late night... DO NOT GO 2 MCDONT'S !!!!! U will b HIGHLY upset !0.0 stars...They deserve 100 rocks thrown @ em
1	You got lucky being right near the start line at 6:15am when it was 30 degrees out, the line at Starbucks was a mile long, and my friend and I have this tradition of getting your egg mcmuffins at each race since the San Diego Rock 'n' Roll marathon.  We woke up extra early, braved the elements, and you were wonderfully warm.  We decided we would stay inside that blanket of heat until the start of the race.  It turns out everyone else had the same idea but the lines moved fast.  Wow!  How is that possible?  Oh, you anticipated this so you have egg mcmuffins all ready to go as well as coffee and juice.  You made them the night before?  How good can they possibly be?  I order mine without sausage and your employee freaks out.  He tells me they're already made and if I could just take the sausage out.  I give him a look and say I want it made fresh.  He consults with another employee and ultimately the manager and they agree that I should get a fresh egg mcmuffin.  Gee, thanks.  Also, what's with the $7 price tag?  Did you raise the prices the night before the marathon?  I've never paid that much for a combo meal.  You're supposed to be the cheap breakfast option.I get my supposed fresh egg mcmuffin and notice it's not so fresh.  The cheese is burnt as well as the muffin and there's sausage residue on my muffin.  How did that happen?  My juice is warm because you left it out in anticipation of a rush.  Next marathon, I won't be coming back.  I'll buy muffins somewhere the night before and just make do.
3	Went to this in late January when returning from a late night walking out on the strip (probably between 12 and 1 in the morning), trying to find something to eat in the giant MGM.  Seemed like we had to walk forever to find this place, which we weren't actually looking for, but rather were just trying to find something to eat, period.  The other places at this food court were closed and the only other signs of life were the blasting music coming from the clubs before and after it.A typical McDonalds which I guess is opened late, if not all the time?  They did have something I never saw before, which was being able to order 40 nuggets (I think?) at a time, which is no doubt popular for the cheap party crowd?   Anyways we had quarter pounders and fries which weren't anything special and really nothing more than a way of taking care of a late night hunger.  Service was ordinary, and the tables in the food court were in decent repair with a sleeping bum (I'm assuming by his clothing and appearance) and some young college aged kids as patrons.
2	Surprisingly, you'll end up going to McDonald's more often than not in Vegas for the following reasons (1) it's a cheap option; (2) it's a convenient option; (3) it's probably one of the few options late at night.  Lines tend to be long here at the MGM Food Court and it's not a very luxurious experience.  Come here only by necessity.  [Original Visit: November 6, 2010]
1	So your probably wondering, why would anyone bother to yelp a McDonald's.  I'll tell you why! I love Mickey D chicken nuggets, and as often as I eat them, I have never been to a McDonald's before that told me they are out of Sweet & Sour sauce!!!  Seriously it's like WTF! How do you run out of Sweet & Sour sauce!!!  With the amount of preservatives in it, I don't think the stuff ever expires, so you should have a crate of it in back just in case!
3	This is exactly where you want to eat after you blow all your money in Vegas.
3	Biggest collective lines of anything at MGM Grand as far as I can tell. The food is fine here. My only issue that is, apparently, they decided to pull some customer unfriendly design stuff by having people wait for their food at the counter at the same register that they ordered from, so it looks like it's moving really slowly at times. Still, it's cheaper than everywhere else, so it's "A-OK" as Yelp calls 3 stars.
2	The ABSOLUTE worst McDonald's on the planet! PERIOD! The only reason why I didn't give them a 1 star is because Mcdonald's food is great!The service at this particular restaurant is by far the suckiest form of service known to man. My 4 year old niece delivers food to me in a more respectable way. After waiting in line for 45 mins to order, you have to wait another 45 mins to get your food. The only thing I can imagine playing in my head while watching how the workers go about their duties could be circus theme music. We were talking to people around us while we stood in amazement on how bad the service was. One lady waited 30 mins for coffee, not leaving just to see how long it would actually take for her coffee to come. After the second time she asked for her coffee, the manager herself had the audacity to give her attitude. As a continuing supportive customer to the Mcdonald's brand, I strongly suggest that you send people there to teach them how to run their lines. The people their obviously do not know what they are doing!
3	This McDonalds is no different then any other McDonald's even if it I the rock in roll one. Great place to come if you want to see schwasted people of allShapes and sizes:)
4	It's your typical McDonald's, the difference here is that it's open 24 hours!A ton of seating. Fast service even in the early morning hours.Perfect if you're staying at the MGM Grand.
4	This is your typical McDonald's fare in a food court setting. It was definitely the least expensive meal of the weekend and I was happy to see that they have normal McDonalds prices, including the dollar menu (a lot of touristy places do not).  The line moved quickly and my order was correct. No complaints here!
2	I never see a reason to go to McDonald's but if you are really looking for one of the cheapest options in MGM than this is the place.  Located in the food court it is actually one of the few options where prices aren't ridiculously marked up to Vegas standards.  If you need to indulge and want to do it like you can do anywhere else in America than I guess you should stop by.
