4	If you are looking for something cheap and clean to stay for the night (or some more), you are at a good address there. It it simple but very clean, with 8-bed-rooms. You will meet very different kind of people there, very often for worker-holiday, also typical backpackers hostel. No kids. An open kittchen, if you want, you can cook there on a huge gas-oven, store your food in community-fridges and labeled boxes. You can also buy breakfast (and as I remember right, they cook every day at a certain time). Cleaning every day, open 24h, very central in the old town, few minutes away from the castle. In the community room you can read, play billard, listen to music, talk and watch a film every night for free.Nice place to be.
5	My memories of High Street Hostel are hazy, but good.For a start I was blazing drunk when I staggered in here at three in the morning. I had been working at T in the Park all weekend and found out that there were in fact no Citylink buses going back to the 'Gow. So along with a girl I'd met at the weekend and some young drunken recruit we found lost on Princes St, we three went in search of a bed.Let me tell you, I could've cried I was so sleepy. So that mattress could've been made from metal and it would still have been the greatest sleep I've ever had. But regardless of the bizarre circumstance and my bleary, blootered state I still noticed how fun the place was. For a start, when we staggered in at sunrise the guy at reception was dancing to Kajagoogoo and other obscure 80s one hit wonders such as Love and Pride, followed by a portion of Duran Duran. He was spinning around like Kylie and barely noticed us, but was very excitable when he saw us. He led us to our rooms and had so much enthusiasm at that time in the morning that I felt like I was in Wonderland, or someone had spiked my drink and I was hallucinating.The 80s dancing dude gets an instant 4 stars, but I noticed that the hostel was clean, had lots of facilities and the dorms were very spacious. It was also cheap enough (15 pounds for a night) especially being so centrally located. For people further afield, this place is a dream. Americans would cream themselves - it's got windy staircases, low ceilings and looks like an annexe of Hogwarts. Because there are so many buildings like that in the UK some Brits can be harder to impress than people who don't have these wee magical coves, but I appreciate that the building is over 400 years old and carries a musty smell while also being very tidy. Weary, drenched and drunk, coming here was an accident but was a memorable start to a mad birthday!
5	Hostels can be hit or miss and as you can see by the 5 stars I thought it was a great hit indeed! My travelling companion and I stayed in the 18 bed dorm for 13 pounds a night for 5 nights and couldn't have been happier with the cleanliness of the beds, facilities and the kitchen. I love that they have free Wi-Fi and assigned lockers for each bed in the hostel dorm room, which also included an omega safe for any small valuables that you don't want to lug around while in the city. The front desk reception was always friendly and had great advice whenever we asked. They also have towels and hairdryers upon request (for a small fee or deposit) in case you forget or don't want to be bothered with lugging them with. The front desk is open 24 hours and checks the pink slip you are given upon entrance so don't throw it away! There are a bunch of activities that they offer in the evenings like burger night, free movie night and a pub crawl on Thursday's as well as a daily breakfast from 7-10.30 for 2 pounds.I would definitely recommend this place and stay here again when in Edinburgh.
3	You get exactly what you expect with this hostel. Pros:- great location (It's on the Royal Mile so lots of bars, restaurants, etc)- cheapCons- no lift so enjoy carrying your suitcase up those flights of stairs- not enough showers/bathrooms for the number of roomsShowers/bathrooms seemed clean enough but oldThe rooms are small (They just fit the bunk beds and lockers) but then you don't book a hostel to spend your time in the room, so this wasn't an issue. Be aware that there are no powerpoints in the room (as it is a listed building, so they can't put any in). However, there are plenty in the common room and you can leave valuable items behind the counter with staff. Also, the sheets are onesies (As in the bottom sheet is attached to the top sheet). What the what? I had never seen that before. But whatevs. Overall, I would be back.
4	You can't beat the location and the staff is super friendly here! I would totally book here again. Felt safe and close to everything. The bed are on the smaller side, but i was very happy staying here!
