4	This place is really great! Super close to where I live. They have different products than most vape places (brand wise). Awesome juices! I bought a really cool cartomizer there too! I would totally recommend this place. Check it out!
4	I visited this shop when it was in it's super soft opening phase. I saw its business listing was right down the street from where we were so figured to look to see if it was even open or being built. The one thing that separated this store from others was that it was really stocked up. I mean, they seriously had variety including much more affordable mechanical mods which is a bit harder to find locally. I haven't seen Sigeleis in any store and they had several. They had clones, as well as not clones. They had variable voltage units and seemed like it was all of the common ones right there in one place. There were chargers, cases, customization stuff, tanks and all that. Sometimes with shops, I find I have to piece things together by going all to different stores since they carry only a handful of each thing. I know I've sent people to a shop for one thing and to another and they just buy everything at one shop because it's inconvenient, but regret it later because the tank I told them to get was miles better than what they purchased. I don't think you will have a hard time finding everything to make your kit here. The juice selection had a few I didnt really see at others and I've noticed from their FB they've started to carry more including some of the boutique type juices like Five Pawns and has since built a flavor bar. The owner was the one who showed us around and he was friendly and enthusiastic about the various mods. He was saying he wants to get a building station together which would be cool and would be curious to test their builds out.While it was under construction, it had a lot of potential good things going for it. I will be back soon to see the growth and check it out now that they had their grand opening a week ago to give a full scoop.
5	Awesome Staff. Very Helpful and patient for those who are new to the Vap Culture.  I went last night and my Roommate Won a MOD FOR FREE in a sick Raffle where a ton of stuff was given away as we watched Mayweather Cruise to another Victory.  Got all the Juice you want. The Owner Jason is almost always there and willing to help with whatever you Need!
5	I would like to retract my last review. Jason really took care of me. Got my nimbus from there at a great price. I gotta say I'm truly impressed with the customer service. Great prices and a great lineup of MODS, RBA's among other things. Jason and Richard gets 2 thumbs up from me. Thanks again and nice to meet you bro. Don't forget to ask Grand Vapor for a top cap on the Private V2 for me. LoL. Go and check this place out I'm sure Jason will take care of you.  So far.. Not impressed.. Says they're open til 6 today. Stopped by exactly 5:30 and they're doors were locked. No signs saying why they closed early. I was looking forward to buying a nimbus today too.
5	Well I didn't really have a positive outlook on the shops here in Vegas. It's hard keeping up with new shops opening constantly. I really had a bad taste in my mouth from the few I have been to.Today I stopped by Vapor House LV. I thought I would give another one a shot and this was super close to my house. So far this was the better shop I've been to. Everyone was very nice and they had a good selection from beginner to advanced. I like the fact that the cases weren't cluttered up with garbage. I've seen cases full of cheap ass starter kits among other nonsense that would drive the normal person back to cigarettes. My focus was more on the mechanical mods and batteries. They had a wide variety in every price range. Quality chargers and batteries none of the really terrible stuff. They also had 30 amp Sony batteries which I was surprised to find in stock at a local store. They took my mod and asked if they could put one in it to compare to the 20amp Samsung's I use. I was surprised to see how well it performed in comparison. I had to pick one up as soon as I tried it.The tasting bar is usually my main gripe. Yet again the testers were miserable... They didn't have their own flavors and was hoping to try some locally made stuff but that wasn't a negative for me at all. They had a nice selection of juices and some I've really been wanting to try. They immediately pulled out a dripper and got me set up to actually taste the juices. That really made it a good experience.
5	This is my favorite shop to visit. They're all incredibly friendly, and are always willing to help with any problems that arise. Their selection of batteries and mods range from beginner setups all the way to high-end mechanicals and everything in between!
5	Very knowledgeable place. workers know what there talking about gray decor and awesome environment real laid back great place for experienced vapors and beginners alike. Definitely gonna keep returning here.
5	Shop is right by my work, decided to drop in on my lunch. Clean store,  nice selection of RDA'S, mods, rba's, and good selection of juices.  The staff is really friendly,  when I came in wasn't planning on buying anything but decided to pick up a flavor. Definitely will be back once payday comes around.  Worth stopping by.
5	Didn't buy anything today, but it was my first time here and we were greeted immediately upon walking in. Darrell, (I believe that's what his name was?) was very nice & patient, and he helped me try out flavors and recommended one that he thought I would like. I will definitely try and come back next week to give it a try.I must admit that upon walking in, it looked empty until I was actually IN the store and I liked it. My favorite thing was their shelves. I know it sounds strange but it was really unique and caught my attention. (:
5	Awesome shop for tons of vaping needs great juice selection,  great customer service.
5	This place has everything i need.  They have awesome prices that you can't beat and the customer service is top notch.  Ask for Darrel and he will take care of you.  Thanks vapor house will come back again!
5	Such a great environment.staff was very helpful,and seem like they knew what they were talking about.i purchased juice and they sat there and made me try everything.love the lemon cheesecake they have there totally yummy
5	The guys here are the absolute best. I came in with a problem with one of my tanks and they were willing to suck up straight juice form the tank in order to help me out. They even replaced the coil for free. Best prices and customer service anywhere in Las Vegas.
5	Vaporhouselv is great. Everyone is very kind.  All products is top quality. Ask for Mosu. He took very good care of me. I'll definitely be coming back.
5	I stopped in  to get some e liquid  I'm from out of town I'm from maui hawaii  the shop was nice and stocked also the guys in this shop was really nice and willing to help I recommend  vapor house lv for all your vape needs
