3	I am going to go against the tide here and say I wasn't too keen on The Crags. Yes it is a student bar, but it is definitely more of an Edinburgh Uni/Rugby/Hockey player bar. Being neither of those things, I have never been too keen on The Crags. It's cheap and comfortable with big sofas and the fact it is pretty huge is a bonus. But I almost felt out of place due to the fact I wasn't all Rah Rah Yah Yah and wearing Jack Wills/Canterburys. (Are Canterburys still the 'it' thing for students? Or is it just Jack Wills now?) Anyway, back to my point. As it is located right across from Pollock Halls, it is popular with Edinburgh uni students. As far as student type bars go (and Scream pubs for that matter) this is probably one of the better ones, so if that is what you are looking for then The Crags is perfect.It is a little too far out of town for me though.
3	This is a huge pub very popular with the student crowd, especially as it is right across from the Student Halls of Residence. There are huge screens to watch all the important games on and two bars, with some pool tables doted around .It's recent refurbishment gives it a sort of modern twist. There is a beer garden too(sadly over looking the car park but you can kind of see the Crags) but it was raining when I came here. The food is typical, burgers etc but quite good portions for the price.  I used to think this place was great when I was in Halls- always buzzing on a Monday, Friday or Saturday night it was great to start your night here or go for a quick pint during the week.Looking back what made it great was the buzz of freshers and being a fresher. Going back everyone seems so young and you sort of get stampeded by first years. I have very fond memories from this place but don't think I'll head back here any time soon.
3	Having lived in the nearby Frasier Court during my very first year in Edinburgh, The Crags was a regular option for a social drink with my new found chums.  The Crags covers all the bases: cheap drinks, acceptable food and an entertaining environment.  Pool tables, lounge style sofas, sports screens - it's all here and perfectly fine as a typical student haunt.I never went back after moving away from the area, but nonetheless it served its purpose well for the time I used it.
3	A word of warning. This place is right next door to Pollock Halls student accomodation - so if you hate student pubs, stop reading now and find something else.This place is in every single way catered towards its student clientele. Cheap drinks, cheap food (mainly burgers and chips) and some entertainment mixed in with a fun and friendly atmosphere.There are a few complaints that I have though - this place needs a good lick of paint and a spring clean, it's looking a bit shabby and feels more than a bit sticky.Also, the students who come here are often the much hated ''Rah's'' and once they are full of cheap and nasty white wine, but before they head off to a night on George Street - they can be quite the handful.Over all though, I quite like this place - its cheap and cheerful as my mum would say, and if all you want is a pint and a burger, this is your place.
2	Wanker central if we're being honest with ourselves. For students who spend so much money on Polo Lessons they can't afford that weekly trip to the cocktail bar.Great pub itself, but you will be stuffing chips into your ears to aviod "OMG, did you hear what Sarah said on Facebook".
3	The Crags is one of these places that is always going to be super popular with students, due to its location near the Edinburgh Uni halls of residence. Last time I checked it was a Scream pub, which means you can get deals on food and drinks if you're a student. If you're going to The Crags you actually have to make the effort to go, as it's not really near many other pubs, so the fact you have to make a special effort to get there deters me slightly, because I quite like to move to a few different pubs if I'm out for the night. This isn't a pub of stunning aesthetic beauty, but what does that matter if you're imbibing cheap beverages and pretending you're in first year to see if anyone believes you're that young...is it just me that finds that game entertaining?
4	This pub just across the road from Pollock Halls shouldn't pretend to cater to any one other than Edinburgh University students. During fresher's week I had a burger here, which wasn't one of the greatest experiences. It tasted as if it were made of Haggis, which is something that shouldn't be sprung on someone like that!Understandably, I haven't had a meal there since, but have spent many great nights just hanging out with friends until the sometimes unfriendly staff asked us to leave!The crags is extremely cosy and dimly lit, with comfortable leather chairs and an impressive jukebox! I've had some issues trying to get it to play Ricky Martin songs, but otherwise it seems quite obedient. During the summer months, there's a large outdoor seating area as well!I'm tempted to pretend to be a fresher again just to head back there next year!
3	You get to know Crags as the pub where the annoying first year students go to. Now, as a first year student once, I realise as a group we have and can be very annoying. You cannot but bump into a bunch of first years, who are all rowdy and cannot handle their drink. If you get past this though, the Crags is a decent place for a pint and a beer. The bar mainly stocks lagers and does not have ales. Student discount is available. The food menu is your normal pub grub food and does not excel, but it also does not disappoint!Food and drink are okay, and if you want to watch the football it can have a good atmosphere (if you support an English team). However, avoid this place during Freshers Week!
