5	Bruntsfield is one of Edinbrugh's best kept secrets.It's a relatively large area in the centre/East of Edinburgh. It is a mere 15 minute walk from Princes Street, and is a haven of small shops, cute cafe's and is home to the wonderful meadows. The main street in Bruntsfield is Bruntsfield place, and it is the only street with any sort of liveliness. i quite like this, as everything you would like to see is laid out infront of you. The cheese shop is renowned throughout Edinburgh, and the family butchers is one of the few places still run by a family. Whether you want exotic jewelry, 'posh' chocolate, a coffee, an outfit for your brothers baby or a cricket bat, Bruntsfield is the place to be.I've lived in Edinburgh for 4 years now, and if ever I need something, I would always go to Bruntsfield. For one thing, you can always get a parking space, and the people are so friendly and welcoming I never want to leave. Bruntsfield is at the end of the Meadows in Edinburgh, a well-known and well-loved huuge area of green grass, green trees and great people. It's standard practice in Edinburgh to sit on the meadows or play a game of mini-golf and stroll up to Bruntsfield.On top of this, there are a few celebrities (and I'm talking good celebrities, proper A-listers, not just Big Brother rejects) who live in Bruntsfield and the surrounding area, so you could well be sitting next to someone famous sipping your espresso admiring your new shoes. You can walk down Bruntsfield in your best Karen Millen dress or in your slouchy-trousers without getting a second glance. It's just a really cool place, similar to Notting Hill in London. 10/10!
5	Whenever I walk up to Bruntsfield I always leave feeling jealous of all my friends who live up here. I feel I made a mistake living in the dingy, dull Dalry.Bruntsfield is brimming with beautiful little shops selling gorgeous little gifts for you to spend all your pennies on. There is also a wonderful selection of cafes and high quality food stores to cater for every taste. They have not one, but two chocolate shops! Not fair- share with the rest of Edinburgh! There is clothes shops, sporting shops and card shops. Really every shop you could possibly need for just about anything. The Meadows are on the doorstep so you grab some food at Peckhams and have a picnic. Bruntsfield is great for an afternoon of just milling around and having all your needs satisfied by awesome quality, small businesses.  I so wish I lived here!
4	Bruntsfield gives you a tantalising taste of the high life when you visit. With old, airy buildings with turrets on top, acres of green grass and miles of suburbia, it takes you one step out of the city even though it's only half an hour away from the centre!As the ladies have pointed out, there are some gorgeous shops out here. From the lovely Peckhams to fancy chocolatiers, there is enough for you to pamper yourself in style. Speaking of style, they also have a number of lovely indepenent boutiques and toy shops catering to all ages. If you dig deep enough, you can also find a couple of vintage and curiosity shops. After a hard day's shopping you will be hungry, and there are no shortage of delightful restuarants and bars up this end of town. Trendy without being too ostentatious, you can hope to find anything from traditional fayre to culinery delights and critic's choices.It's a very family friendly area and if I had the money, the kind of place I would want to bring up my kids. It is an absolute treat!
5	If any where in this city was to encapsulate the cool, artsy and academic cafe culture of Edinburgh's students and young professionals, it's Bruntsfield.At the far west end of the Meadows and surrounding areas, this little slice of culture houses more cafe's, shops, pubs and even a Waitrose's than you could shake a stick at. I walk around this area of town and envy those who can stay here.Inncidently, I'm looking for a new flat for next year, and Bruntsfield is one of the area's I'm looking at. I will update my review with any further reviews etc later on.
5	Every time I go here, I can't help but love it.
4	Ah, the start of the road to one of the most affluent bits of Edinburgh, well apparently, because once you get to Morningside, which is just up from Bruntsfield, you've apparently got the highest number of hidden millionaires in the UK on your radar.Perhaps hanging around Bruntsfield in all the varied and attractive shops, restaurants, and bars, will up your chances of locating a millionaire, to do with what you will. But I suppose if they're hidden...how will you know? I find it's usually something subtle like a top hat or a monocle that gives the game away.Anyway, I don't generally come here millionaire hunting, I'm more partial to a bit of the greenery, cute and unique boutiques, delis (Peckhams, to be precise) and good quality cafes in the area. Well worth venturing out of the city centre for a browse here.
4	Brunstfield is a lovely neighbourhood on the edge of the city centre.  With the Links Park next door, a pletora of coffeehouses and independent shops, Brunstfield has much to offer.  You will enjoy a French breakfast at la Barantine, hot chocolate and cakes at the Chocolate Tree, lovely coffee at Artisan Roast and Project, German patisseries from the Kondi Meister, or a healthy smoothie from Juice up.  There are also plenty of small fashion shops (not cheap) and others.  Oh and of course, winemongers if you happen to be barbecuing on the Links, on one of the few summer days Scotland has!
