5	I can't believe that no one else has reviewed this yet.  This is the perfect neighborhood bar.  While most of Walnut street is pretty corporate, Cappy's is still there and still local with a nice group of regulars. I am writing this review today because I love LOVE love the hot pretzel sticks - not on the menu but I was still able to order them. Other reasons to love Cappy's:-outside seating in the summer-affordable, tasty food- they don't fry the french fries and they are still really great-Fridays are usually Cappy-oke Night and the place is packed (IheartPGH is not a kaeroke fan but she appreciates that others are)Rumor has it that a few east end singles have met their future spouses at Cappy's.I even like that the ads in the bathroom stalls have not been updated in something like 3 years.  And I really like the Pittsburgh and Shadyside cross stitched samplers that hang on the walls, I know it sounds strange, but it just fits in this place.
3	One weekend we were looking for a place to grab breakfast/brunch and Pamela's was SWAMPED. I wasn't familiar with any other place along Walnut that served breakfast, so we wandered in to Cappy's. Even though it's primary function is as a bar, the breakfast menu wasn't too shabby. The morning selection was far from gourmet, but we got what we were expecting - something quick, edible, and convenient.
5	What a great neighbourhood joint!  I can't speak to the food as we stopped there after dinner - but parked ourselves at the bar to watch a baseball game and have a few drinks. We were visiting Pittsburgh from California, and popped in on our way back to the hotel. Owner Brian Carey mans the bar and keeps the casual atmosphere going with lighthearted banter. Stick around long enough and you will meet staff and owners from other local waterholes, or maybe even your local councilman. It's a great little place w/irish pub ambiance. Make sure to pop your head in for a drink or two on a Thursday night - you never know who might show up - like the Bud guy or the Jagermeister girls - it's a busy place, and a lot of fun, w/great staff and an owner who cares - this is as close to CHEERS as you'll ever get
3	Cappy's is a solid neighborhood place that one might expect to find in a solid, down-to-earth neighborhood like Bloomfield rather than the yuppified Shadyside.It is an unpretentious place. No upscaled burgers with boursin or portobello mushrooms here. But it is not insistent on being a low brow greasy spoon either. You get reasonably cooked food at a reasonable price. The friendly and efficient service is a bonus.
2	I use to pass by this place all the time. It always seemed dark and dingy from the outside. I still haven't been for the nightlife, but we ended up here for breakfast because there was literally nothing else open on the morning of July 4th. I was open to the idea of eating here, but the breakfast was pretty disappointing. My friend's chocolate chip pancakes were small in diameter, undercooked and only had a few chips per pancake. My breakfast burrito didn't have the cheese I asked for and was pretty average. I needed a lot of ketchup because they really didn't try to put much salsa in it. My friends bacon was tiny (I mean, 1 inch long, 1/4 inch wide) and far too salty. Anyway, I wish I wasn't so hungry or I wouldn't have gone here in the first place. Would've loved to spend the 10 bucks or so on somewhere else :-/
3	Came here for karaoke a few times. It's a dive bar with a bit of an older crowd, but there are some solid singers out there! My group of friends managed to sing a song or 2, but had to wait around for a while before we had the chance. The place gets really crowded and you have to get there early (or get lucky) in order to get a seat. Pushing your way up to the bar can be kind of crazy. Drinks are reasonably priced and pretty much what you expect in Shadyside.
3	Cappy's Cafe is one of those places that you go and hang out with your pals for a bit to eat while catching the game.  There's no fancy decorations or bells and whistles.  It's genuinely wysiwyg (what you see is what you get).The folks here are generally older - you're not going to find too much of the college folks here.  When my sister and I went, we pretty much had the whole place to ourselves.The foods good, the staff is nice and overall, it's just a nice casual spot to get some grub without waiting for too long.
3	Good little place to hang out, watch a game, have a drink, etc.  We stopped in on a game night for a drink, and it was not too loud and not too packed.  The drinks were a good price, the service was good and the crowd was cool.  I'm not sure what else I could say about it... decent place to grab a beverage!
4	This is a dive bar, it's not a college bar, but they can make some serious drinks. I love this place for karaoke and am embarrassed to confess to getting hammered accidentally (one drink at Cappy's is like 2.5 drinks at most other bars) and then trying to sing on multiple occasions.I never was too impressed with the food, but I never came here for the food. In fact, if you want good food within walking distance, go to some place like Harris Grill. But if you want good drinks and a good time in an environment that you can be laid back in, this is it.
2	This is a neighborhood Denny's with a bar. Small place and the meal was served on plastic plates and they used plastic mugs for coffee. At best, less than mediocre breakfast. Pamela's was closed and we were really hungry. Service was slow but they were nice about it. I don't plan to return and would choose an alternative.
4	I would agree with a few other revieweres that Cappys is somewhere between a Cheers bar and a "dive" bar with character.  In a way it reminds me of "that bar back home".  I live in Shadyside and every time I've gone out I would say that I've ended up at Cappys at some point maybe 30% of the time.  That's not too bad seeming how 54% of all stats are made up on the spot.  What set's Cappys apart from the other local bars is...it's so small.  It's so small that I feel like I should know everyone there.  That is also a play on the atmosphere.  I feel like most people do know most people there.  Actually, I may go back there tonight after writing this review!  I'd like to reiterate the point of this review.  It's a bar, it has alcohol.  It has food.  To me, it's the atmosphere that really sells Cappys.  It may very well appeal to you and is worth a shot.
3	A place to go when you want to have a nice lunch and catch up with friends.Atmosphere:Cappy's is located on Walnut St. in Squirrell Hill.  Although I've definitely experience better dining atmospheres, if you get a chance to sit in their small outdoor seating it's worth it.  It has a bit of that "Cheers" kind of charm but to me is a bit small.  The inside is dark and if you go in the winter time gets very crowded.  I would advise trying out Cappy's in the early fall or summer months.  Sitting outside on Walnust St. is probably one of my favorite things to do.  If you are with friends push some tables together and get to people watching.  If you are alone, no worries.  Read a book or the paper, or simply relax.  The people eating here are usually a bit older.  Sometimes they will have their kids with them during lunch time.  Most college kids frequent the sub shops, coffee places, and larger bars on Walnut.  The staff is always very nice and fairly prompt. Food:The food is pretty good.  I have eaten several of their salads and have always enjoyed them.  They are quite large so get ready to take a to-go box home or share some of yours with a friend.  The sandwiches are great in my opinion.  I've never tried one that I didn't enjoy.  My sister is a vegetarian, so if this is your case don't worry, there are lots of options for those who don't enjoy a big burger or chicken sandwich.  Prices:The prices are fairly cheap for being in Squirrell Hill.  I would advise anyone to eat there because I don't think the prices are out of the park at all.  Very affordable and the portions are quite large so it is well worth your dollars spent. :)
3	To me, Cappy's Cafe is a nice, reliable, middle-of-the-road place to go for a good burger and a couple of beers on a summer evening.  It is just your average bar (another reviewer described it as "the bar back home," and yes, exactly, it is,) and I love it for that.  Cappy's is nice and unpretentious, which is something that sets it apart from a lot of the rest of Walnut Street.  Not far down the street, you can get a tiny morsel of ice cream for a stroke-inducing four dollars, but at Cappy's, you can spend a reasonable price on a reasonable meal.  So far, food-wise, I've tried the Alamo sandwich (I think that's what it's called,) and the bacon-and-bleu-cheese burger (Big Bleu?)  Both of them were definitely satisfying, and the Alamo, with its fried chicken strips and barbecue sauce, was at the very least pretty good, even if it took a few years off the end of my life.Getting outdoor seating is key, though.  They air-condition the bejeezus out of the inside area, and one time we accidentally showed up on karaoke night, which made us REALLY glad we found a table outside.  Karaoke night is great when you're expecting it, but when you're not, there are few fates worse.Service is usually kind of slow as well, but the wait staff is nice.  One waitress we had was a little thick, though, when it came to splitting our checks.  Nobody paid what they actually owed that night, but we didn't want to fight it out with her.All in all, Cappy's is a nice, unpretentious little place to grab some food.  I'll definitely go back.
4	Best bar on Walnut.Go here anytime of day,They will have your fix.(b)
2	Can't comment on food since I was just in for beers.  Okay crowd, friendly bartender, okay beer selection, but it's pretty tacky, and not really in a good way.  Looks like the last time any money was put into the place was maybe 1979.
1	Crappy's is more like it... sorry I could NOT resist!This place is very below average.  The bar is small, good luck getting a seat, it's normally filled with regulars, who I have a sneaking suspicion drink for a reduced rate ;)   Also, the food is blah; they advertise that it is healthier because it is all baked. Um, this results in super fattening foods baked.. this does not mean it is healthy by any means, who do they think they are kidding?? LOLAnyways, as other reviewers have mentioned the decor is 1975 and wicker all over.  With so many options in Shadyside, I don't see any reason to go here.
4	I could be considered a Cappy's regular.I love this bar and I'm a little bit obsessed with their Sonoma Turkey wrap--try it, it's very good! Wednesday is Trivia Night at Cappy's at it gets PACKED.  You must be in the bar by 7:30 to get a table, and even then it's iffy bc what the other regulars have started showing up that early and eating dinner before trivia. It's not the cheapest place to drink at; it looks like a dive but it's not priced like one.  the food is good, the bartender is great, and it attracts a crowd of nice people!
3	Cappy's provides a welcome relief from the high prices on Shadyside's posh Walnut Street shopping and dining district.  The food isn't great, but it isn't bad either, and the prices for food and drink won't break the bank.  The menu also boasts quite a few options, and anyone looking for standard bar fare in this increasingly ritzy area may find a haven at Cappy's.  I'd never call this place delicious or wonderful, but I certainly wouldn't want it closing up shop either.
4	I was surprised how good the food was. Great service very friendly people.
4	Cappy's is a dive in the middle of a very nice area.  For that feat alone, I give it 3 stars.  The bonus star is for cheap drinks and decent food and having outside tables.There are only a handful of beers on tap ranging from the Pittsburgh regulars to a 2-3 seasonals.  While there's a good mix of high-low liquors, there are no specialty cocktails.  Yes, you can order a boilermaker but no pomegranate crantinis here.  Respect.The sandwiches/wraps are totally decent--meaning better than fast food but not gourmet.  You get a good amount of food for ~$8 and it's tasty.The best part about Cappy's is that it offers a reprieve from the jam-packed bro bars on Walnut St.  Yes, Cappy's gets crowded on karaoke night, but generally there is room to breathe inside and there are a half dozen outdoors tables that are perfect for laughing at the drunks stumbling home.P.S. The pictures above are in not of the Cappy's on Walnut St.  I'm not sure why they are posted here.
3	I was here today for lunch. Our waitress was brand new and so we had to be a little patient, but she was very friendly and will catch on quickly. That said, I have no complaints about the service, but the food was not anything to write home about. I've eaten here a few times in the past, and I recommend going with one of their top sellers (noted on the menu) - they seem to be top sellers for a reason. Deviating from those doesn't pay off. But they do have outdoor seating, and it is a great place for people watching!
1	How does this place survive in the middle of Walnut Street?  I understand how people like to wait in line for hours for breakfast on a Sunday but I WOULD NOT do it for a place like this.  Given, our first mistake was going for breakfast at a place labeled a "dive bar" on yelp---but still.  Perhaps the wait wasn't meant to be an hour but our waitress definitely FORGOT OUR ORDER and we sat there wondering what could be so tricky about some eggs and toast.  ...one hour and one complaint later...The food arrives.  Hot sauce was more difficult, took two requests before it came.  Of course I arrived last and ordered 30 min after everyone else but my food came first.  The food is basic and inexpensive, you get what you pay for.  In summary my Shadyside friends, unless it's a beautiful day and you just want to sit outside (their only plus is they have a few outside tables), keep on going down Walnut for some better options.
2	Avg food, too salty.
4	Yum yum yum. I will admit to being a fan of the dive bar/restaurant aspect of Cappy's. I had wanted to visit it for awhile and finally got the chance over the weekend. I always forget about this place when I'm in Shadyside, which is sad because I usually avoid Shadyside for food as I think most of their options are too pricey majority of the time.We ordered the skillet w/ sausage and the corned beef hash and eggs. Of course, this Florida girl doesn't understand how so many places serve corned beef hash and eggs WITHOUT GRITS, WTF, but I keep reminding myself that I live in the north now, y'all. Our breakfast was tasty tasty tasty. Sure, nothing seemed fresh (or not out of a can, etc.), but it hit the spot. Nice and greasy and filling. We supplemented our meal with some mimosas, which were quite tasty, but those are hard to screw up. Our waitress was attentive and seemed rather nice. We sat by the windows, which is my second favorite spot in a restaurant/bar after the actual bar. I'd go back as I have now found a cheap alternative to the pricey (and sometimes pretentious ...) Shadyside restaurants that I like!
4	Cappy's is a rarity on Walnut Street: it's as close to unpretentious as you'll ever get in this affluent and often snooty shopping district.  As others have noted, it's a dive bar that happens to serve pretty decent food; my wife thinks that the Big Mountain sandwich is to die for (and I'd agree).  The service has always been friendly, and it never seems to get as loud in here as it gets in some other places (Shady Grove, I'm looking at you).I know it might sound strange, but one of the things that I appreciate the most about Cappy's is that it treats its waitresses as waitresses, not as sex symbols.  I've always found the skimpy outfits that waitresses choose to wear (or are made to wear) at some other places to be rather insulting -- these women are there to do their job, not to be ogled at by everyone in the area.  So thumbs up, Cappy's, for treating your female employees with some respect!My wife and I moved away from the Shadyside area a few months ago.  Cappy's is the one thing we miss.  Big Mountain forever!
2	I cameHere for breakfast so When you first walk in I asked myself am I in the right place, I was .... Starters food is nothing outta the ordinary,,one funny thing that stood out was when we asked our server if they served any other meats aside from pork based meats she responded BACON! And no not turkey bacon... So clearly lil off there...  Other then that we order common breakfast .. Which was ok... I had the western omelette with turkey sausage ... The peppers and the onions were not sliced small enough and were overpoweringly huge ... Lil less On that lil more on the egg,,.. Which I wonder if the eggs were made from liquid base out of a carton ... Yeah so place was ok if u wanna eat in desperation ...
4	One of my favorite places in shadyside! Such a chill place, and the staff is always so friendly. I love taco Tuesdays. I also love their brunch! Those shadyside skillets are pretty much the best things to have happened to walnut st. I think what I like most about this place is that the food does not pretend to be anything more than it is. It is food you could easily make yourself at home. It is nothing special, but it's good. It gives you no more and no less than what you need. I like that their "fried" food isn't actually fried. It's probably not healthy, but at least it's not fried!Their dinner specials, while they do not really change often, are pretty solid. I always have a delicious meal when I'm there!Lastly, the owner seems incredibly nice. I like supporting this local business!
4	Always consistent, fresh food. Great breakfast sandwiches. Outdoor seating and a fantastic wait staff. Great local place.
5	I've been coming in here a lot since Shadyside Saloon closed. I enjoy chill bars where the employees actually get to know you. It reminds me of where I work, where our regulars and the employees actually probably cross the line with how close we get to our regulars. Haha. Of course, I'm kidding.Anyway, I've seen how busy the place gets on trivia night. I've also seen the place completely dead. I still love to come for breakfast on weekends, but I'm also enjoying the nightcap. It seems a lot of the bar customers are regulars. I like this, too. Conversation is more fun that way.The food continues to be good, the drink specials are nice, the drinks are stiff, and I finally found a replacement for Shadyside Saloon. Now if only Cappy's could have a dart board...
2	In my opinion, the is a prime example of a bad Shadyside bar. It's right on Walnut, too small, always too crowded, and I feel like I'm a 21-yr old college student when I go out there. It's miserable to be there on the weekend when it's so crowded because it's such a small space. The only reason I'm giving this bar 2 instead of 1 star is because the karaoke on Fridays (if you can handle the people and the crowd) is pretty good- although there are half a dozen better places to karaoke in Pittsburgh. Furthermore, I have sat on the patio table for a nice chill happy hour once watching the craziness of Walnut Street happen in front of me- which was oddly relaxing.
3	Food is.decent. karoake is the best I've gone to in a long time. The place is super small.though. that is the biggest disadvantage and why I give it 3 stars. You are practically sitting on top of people.
4	Many great memories here when my Dad used to live in Shadyside! Very friendly staff and always make you feel welcome.Food is pretty good and the atmosphere is a breath of fresh air from how corporate Shadyside has become.Seriously yinz guys, this is Pittsburgh not New York. Anyway if you've never been to Cappy's, it's a really good time! Go for the Big Mountain sandwich or one of their burgers!
1	Horrible service. Waited 50 minutes and had no food and had to ask continuously for more coffee. Don't come here
3	Came to check out karaoke night. It was really packed, we were lucky to get seats because a lot of people were standing while we were there. A server came right up to us to get our drink orders, which came out quickly. She checked on us frequently too which was nice.Karaoke was okay. The crowd was mostly around college age, and the singers picked fun songs so it was definitely entertaining. No terrible singers. The host was nice and energetic, but he was lacking a lot of newer songs in his catalog, and he definitely plays favorites with regulars and people who throw a few bucks into his tip jar. There was over an hour wait to sing, and yet there were a handful of people who went up to sing 3 or more times while we were there. A good host will make sure new entries get in before people who have gone already get to come up again (and again...and again).
3	I've been eating here on and off for the better part of two decades. There's nothing really special about the food, but it's full of good reliable staples. The coffee is always fresh and the Bloody Mary's are very good. Plenty of horseradish if you want it!
1	I'd give this joint zero stars if it was possible.  This is the worst spot on Walnut St!  I'm not even sure where to start. The bar is small and overpriced. I had a steak fajita wrap that tasted microwaved.  The vegetables weren't even cooked. This is a place no one wants to--or should ever want to go.
