2	I found this monogramming place in Dilworth and, although I don't need anything monogrammed at the moment, I wanted to check it out for the future. You walk in and are basically on top of everything; there is a pathway cleared amongst all the items and 2 counters that forces you in and around the store even if you don't want to go. I was immediately looked at as if I were in the wrong place as I had nothing in my hands to be monogrammed, and was quickly and snottily asked if I was dropping anything off. I was stuck behind a gaggle of women debating which Kate Spade purse they wanted done as I desperately tried to get out but could hardly make my way around them. I may try again when I actually have the need for some monogramming, and I will try to overlook the pretentiousness of the employees and clientele.
3	Anything you could possibly ever want monogrammed is at this store. They do a nice job at reasonable prices. You do, however, have to get past the clutter and seemingly un-friendly staff.
4	My first visit and purchase at L&M Monogramming today! I came her via a friend's recommendation, shopping for a personalized new baby gift. The shop isn't very big, but they have it packed to the brim with items. Normally, I would call the store cluttered, but the quality of everything is so nice, I'll don it "creative use of space"Lots of baby items to choose from: clothes, stuffed animals, luvies, bibs, etc. I ended up going with a tiger bear luvie by Gund. It's was $30, which was a steep... but it was a reliable and durable brand and the monogramming/personalization was included in the price! I also compulsively bought a beach bag for myself. Huge, unique pattern, nice material and only $30. I love it.The staff here weren't beaming with hospitality, but they were kind enough and definitely knew what they were doing. Very professional.  I was in a bind with my gift purchase because I needed it by the weekend.  Embroiderer told me they were back up for several days, but when I told her I needed it ASAP, she finished it by that afternoon without a rush fee. Awesome! Would probably give L&M five stars if store was larger and more spread out AND/OR prices were a little lower. But meanwhile a solid four stars for quality.
4	Great place for your monogramming needs or gifts for people that you just don't know that well!Tons of variety with imported China-made cute items for your monogramming needs. Quick turn around, lots of options on fonts/colors/patterns. They will monogram items that you bring in (not purchased from them) as well so no need to settle on their quality (which is not great on some items)!
5	To be honest, when I first read the reviews before going, I was hesitant. To my surprise the staff was very nice and did an awesome (same day) job! I will definitely be a repeat customer!
