5	This vet treats you with personal service. They are reasonably priced. For example, another vet wanted over$800 for a dental cleaning for my Dane and they this vet was only about $200. We have been going for years. They have fit me in on an emergency before. Most of my friends with Danes go here too. My visit today for a checkup and rabies shot was $25. The staff is always very friendly and treat your dog like it was their own. The best thing about them too is that they will allow you in the back to be with your dog during a procedure if you desire. When my girl was having her hips x-rayed for breeding purposes, they asked me to come back and be with her while they put her under, they let E watch everything and explained what was going to happen and then let me stay with her while she was coming out of anestesia. All around great vet.
5	I like this place a vet location but only been here ones. I brought 2 puppies in and was in the back for a couple hours. They treat the animals well and the back is clean.  The techs and vet work very well together.    Dr. Ferrera was knowledgeable about the basic producer and was correct with what I over head him tell a few patients basic info.    If I was in AZ again and need a vet, I would go back to Dr. Ferrera.
5	This is such a great practice.  Dr. Ferrera has treated all of my animals with great kindness and respect.  We had a very, very sick dog that he was amazing with.  I highly recommend this practice.
5	Squaw Peak Animal Hospital is a great little neighborhood Vet's office that treats your dog like their own pet. My dog Duffy has seen most of the Vet's at Squaw Peak and that little beagle is comfortable with all of them. Duffy was diagnosed with a tumor a couple weeks ago and I have put off writing a review on Squaw Peak in the past, but with the amazing service and compassion I knew it was time to give them the 5 stars they deserve. Anytime Duffy needed something done I was always asked if I wanted to watch them. They are an honest caring office that first and foremost are concerned with your pet. They don't look for add on procedures or up-sells. Look forward to your new location across the parking lot. That was the only downside to SPAH.
4	I have been very happy with the care my dog has received at Squaw Peak, they take good care of my pug. The staff is very kind, I can always get a last minute appointment, and I never have to wait. They treat my dog as if he is their own, as others have said.A puppy was found at work, and when I brought him in to Squaw Peak, he was diagnosed with distemper, and the best course of action was to put him down. When I asked about the cost, the vet was kind enough to take care of it at no cost. They have also been willing to bill me for needed vet care and allow me to make payments when I was having financial difficulties, however, I was not pleased about receiving a collections notice from the office after making a payment that covered the majority of the amount owed. The person in charge of billing told me I could make another payment for the remaining amount ($70) this month, and I just needed to call in and make arrangements. Given my positive experiences, I can only assume this was an oversight.
1	I would not recommend taking your pet to this hospital. My dog went in for ACL repair and died. Dr. Ferrera called after the surgery to tell me my dog was fine and everything was great. I could pick her up in a few hours.An hour and a half later he called back to say my dog had stopped breathing and he brought her back but she now had brain damage and would never be the same if in fact she pulled through.After seeing my dog it was clear I would have to put her down. I was told they would call me when they had her ashes back in about a week.Two weeks later and with no call I went in only to be treated with absolutely no compassion what so ever. The girl at the front desk acted like see had never seen me before even though I have been going there for 12 years. She then went to the back and brought out a little black container which she plopped on the counter and said, "here you go have a nice day."I will never step foot in that place again.
5	My mother has been going to this vert office since she can remember. When my fiance and I decided to adopt a puppy, we asked for her help on where was best to go. It is now 2 yrs past and we now have 2 dogs and 1 kitty. All of our pets go to Squaw Peak and they all LOVE Dr. Clinton!! I was so surprised there was no reviews about her so I just had to add this on!! Any time we go to the vet, our babies know where they are and get very anxious and nervous. When I tell them, "it is ok, we are just going to see Dr. Clinton, then we go home", I can tell they calm down. Even more so once Dr. Clinton comes in. My maltese always gives her "kisses" and feels safe and comfortable in Dr. Clinton's hands! My animals are not pets, they are family!! I would not trust any other vet besides Dr. Clinton! She is real and sweet and it is obvious she genuinely cares and loves all the animals she sees!! She is the best!
1	I took my Bassett hound in on Wednesday 11/7/12 she has something wrong with her left eye looked greyish. They did no testing and gave her drops for possibly being bitten, by Saturday morning the eye was almost completely grey and I took her back the doctor came in didn't even look into her eyes and said it has to be Valley Fever and needed to do blood work but started treatment on Saturday and would call when the results came in. She acted like I was wasting her time by asking questions about Valley Fever. I just moved to Arizona and had never heard of it. So we did blood work and more medicine and off we go. By Tuesday afternoon I get the call saying quit giving her the pills for Valley Fever and take her to the Eye dr for animals it must be glaucoma and they can't help. So, after $300.00 with them and another $300.00 for the eye dr YES she does have glaucoma and is blind in the eye  I believe they possibly could have saved her sight if she had been diagnosis properly
5	Dr Clinton is the best! We have gone to this vet for many years and so has our parents! Any time my little Maltese Penny is not feeling well, I ask her if she wants to go see Dr. Clinton and her eyes light up and she gets so excited! Dr. Clinton and the staff here have been so wonderful and caring! Penny is my first dog and so any little bump she had, I was taking her in! They were all so kind and caring and did a great job with all of our babies! We have 2 doggies and a kitty! Dr. Clinton has spayed our Penny, neutered our Max. She has cleaned both of their teeth too! Dr. Slavard amputated my sister's dog's tail due to a softball size cancer, and he gave her another year of life! They are wonderful here, like family!
5	I've been taking my dogs to Squaw Peak for over 15 years!  They are reasonably priced, conservative and caring.  The staff is on the ball and the Vets are well educated and kind.  I've had puppies to last good byes there and I can't imagine taking my dogs anywhere else...
5	All I know is that my Baby girl is better off now with her knee surgery. They truly have saved her from never walking right again. I'm sorry that happened to your animal, but as for my experience $1895 is a lot to pay upfront for a dogs knee and sure enough they let me do payments thank you
5	These guys are great. I got my dobermans ear cropped and tail docked. They help make sure it was painless as possible for her. The ears look great and the staff is very caring and helpful.  I have never had any vet give me a personal number in case of any questions while office closed.
5	My dog just had surgery with Dr. Ferrera - neutering, soft palate repair and cyst removal. I had heard they were great with bulldogs and after calling around to many other vets, they were the only ones I could find who performed the palate repair with a laser, which is highly recommended to have it done with. When I dropped my dog off for surgery, Dr. Ferrera met with me to discuss everything. He let me know that after they put him under they would look at the palate but he didn't like to perform the surgery unless it was absolutely necessary. He said he would do the neutering and remove a cyst on my dog's hip as well and then assess the palate. A little over an hour later, he called me to let me know that the surgery was all done and my dog definitely needed the palate repair, so they went ahead and did everything and it all went great. I was so relieved it was so quick and everything went well. I would highly recommend anyone with a bulldog to take them here and see Dr. Ferrera for soft palate repair!
1	I took my sixteen year old  Scottie in because he had stopped eating and drinking and was very, very ill.  I had called the night before to tell them that if he lived through the night, I would be bringing him in.  He was in total distress and clinging to life.  I was put in a room, where I was told to wait for an unknown time.  My dog was gasping for air.  I asked that he be viewed as the emergency,  that he was.  I was told again to sit down and wait.  I waited for a few more minutes and then walked out!  I went straight to Orangewood Pet Hospital where I was immediately taken care of and where blood work done. It was obvious that my dog needed to be put to sleep.  The experience was as good as any experience of that nature could be.  I am disgusted with the clinical, uncaring atmosphere of Squaw Peak Animal Hospital.
5	I'm from out of town.  I had just boarded my dog and 5 days later she started with Kennel Cough.  The got me pin right when they opened and were so helpful.  Would love to take Dr. Agnew home to be my vet in San Diego.
5	Dr. AGNEW IS THE BEST !!!  SHE is very knowlegble and compassionate.  Staff is accommodating .  Helpful and very friendly.  Been coming here for 7 years.. wouldnt think of going anywhere else.
1	My 1.5 year puppy has been seen and followed by Dr. Clinton.  I called her to report my puppy having new onset seizures and my puppy was in extreme pain and distress and the seizures would not stop.  Dr. Clinton refused to see her patient because, "it was too close to closing time".  Dr. Clinton never made a referral, told me to go to the ER or made any indication that she believed me let alone cared.  She downplayed the severity of the situation and after the 25th seizure I rushed her to Phoenix Emergency and got her competent care and treatment.  I told Dr. Clinton the following morning that my puppy was in the hospital and she made every excuse imaginable why she didn't see the patient, make any referral, send her to the ER and why she never even looked at the patient chart.  Dr. Clinton promised to follow up with me two days later and she NEVER called me to ask how her patient was doing let alone take responsibility for some of the bills that she promised to pay due to her incompetence!  If you are looking for vets that actually care about their patients, this is NOT the place for you or your beloved pet!
1	DO NOT GO TO THIS CLINIC! My dog died as a result of negligence by both Dr. Ferrara and Dr. Clinton. I filed a claim with the veterinary board in September and after a lengthy process they finally made their decision yesterday. The findings were "medical incompetence, failure to communicate professionally and a minor records violation" against Dr. Ferrara, who was my vet but I saw Dr. Clinton on several occassions when he was not available. The board also decided to file a claim against Dr. Clinton based on both of their testimonies. My dog was diagnosed as diabetic Memorial Day weekend and was dead right after Labor Day. I went in almost every week to get his blood tested and it wasn't until I finally took him to another vet that I found out how many basic things these two vets didn't check which could have been easily solved. He was so sick that as a result we had to put him to sleep. The board won't decide their sanctions until the next meeting late January - and I understand he does have 30 days to appeal but I don't think he would be successful after the unanimous votes of the board.
1	My 1.5 year puppy has been seen and followed by Dr. Clinton.  I called her to report my puppy having new onset seizures and my puppy was in extreme pain and distress and the seizures would not stop.  Dr Clinton refused to see her patient because it was "too close to closing time".  Dr. Clinton never made a referral, told me to go to the ER or made any indication that she believed me let alone cared.  She downplayed the severity of the situation and after the 25th seizure I rushed her to Phoenix Emergency and got her competent care and treatment.  I told Dr. Clinton the following that my puppy was in the hospital and she made every excuse imaginable why she did't see the patient, make any referral, send her to the ER and why she never even looked at the patient chart.  Dr. Clinton promised to follow up with me two days later and she NEVER called me to ask how her patient was doing let alone take responsibility for some of the bills that she promised to pay due to her incompetence!  I also left message for Dr. Ferarra to call me with my phone number and he NEVER called me back either! If you are looking for vets that actually care about their patients, this is not the place for you or your beloved pet!
