1	So you're not into gambling and you're not much of a shopper and you're looking for something equally as wasteful to do with your last $20 or $40, set up an appointment at this dermatologist office! I'm pretty sure the only thing redeeming about this visit was the front office staff that checked me in (shocking for a doctor's office, I know). I merely wanted to check in with my epidermis, being the sun bather I tend to be in the summer months, I made my appointment. I showed up early and they were able take me in early which was fantastic. Let's just say that I have sneezed and it has lasted longer than the time the doctor spent "evaluating" my flesh. Unless your face, or body is covered in undefinable matter, painful to look at or abnormal in a major way, don't waste your time or cash at this joint. No care, no time and no concern was shown to me during this visit; rolling down my car windows and letting go of the $40 would have even sufficed as a more rewarding experience in my opinion.
1	Everything with the doctor himself was fine. Its his staff that is the worse i have ever seen. I myself are in the medical field and have never treated a patient this way. I had a lesion removed from my back and was told it would be a $20 copay. I paid the copay and had the procedure done. This was also approved from insurance. Then i get a bill in the mail for the full amount. When calling talking to the staff they had no clue what was going on all they kept saying was you need to pay. I called my insurance and they said it was covered and paid all i owed was the copay that i paid. Be careful with there billing they have no clue whats going on.
5	I loved Dr. Heine and thought he did an excellent job examining my skin as well as explaining things as he went along. His knowledge regarding skin conditions is vast and I felt completely at ease during the entire exam. His staff is also wonderful and I will continue seeing Dr. Heine for all my dermatological needs.
1	This Dr. should have his license pulled. I am a caregiver for a dementia patient and I brought him there because of numerous scabs up & down his arms that he was picking on and they wouldn't heal. There were also a few on his back, stomach & shoulders. Dr. Heine talked on & on & said nothing of any value. He then gave us some OTC cream in 3 little sample packets. That was it. I then took my patient to his internist and showed him the scabs, etc.. I told him what transpired at the dermatologist's office and he just shook his head in disgust. He then prescribed a steroid cream and all the scabs are clearing up and the itching has just about stopped. Dr. Heine is a disgrace to the medical profession. I will NEVER see him again, nor should you!!!!!! What a waste of time!!!!
