1	Watch out for these guys!  Came into my home and tried to fix my microwave/oven unit by jumping over burnt circuits on the computer board with pieces of an extension cord they carry in their toolbox!  Soldered the cord onto the board with a soldering iron and tried to convince me that was an appropriate repair!  Their work could be dangerous and cause fire or worse!  They are not required to have a contactors or electrician's license to do these kinds of repairs.  BEWARE!
5	We had a problem with our GE cloths washer so we needed to go though our insurance company.  They sent out this company Fidelity.  It only took them 1 day to make the appointment with them.  They came the very next  day which was a Thursday.  They were ontime and neatly dresses, he intrduced himself as Ned.  He started taking the bottom of the washer and based on what I told him what was going on he checked the pump and verified that was the problem.  He didnt have a pump for our washer and said that it would be a couple of days.  He also told me that there still might be more wrong but without the pump workig he wouldnt know.  On Tuesday we got a call to have them back wth the pump.  Ned instakked the new pump and hearing the draining.  He checked everything else out and said that  he wanted to check a couple things and also run a cycle  to make sure that everything else looked good.  I was impressed that he wanted to make sure that everything was running well.  He pushed the washer back into place and when he did that the washer was not level.  He leveled the washer and then he ran a short cycle to make sure that the washer did not shake.  Ned cleaned up and i showed him out,.  They did a great job and now we can do laundry.  They get 5 stars abd if it was allowed i would add another star for going above and beyond.  Thank oyu Fidelity Appliance and an extra thank you for Ned.
5	These guys are great. Recommended through the home warranty. The called to set up the appointment immediately. When I had to change it, they had another time slot available right after -- no hassle.Technician was on time, extremely knowledgeable and very, very thorough. They've been to our home twice, and they quickly resolved the issue both times.
5	These guys are awesome! We're referred to them through my home warranty company and am so pleased. They were on time and went above and beyond repairing my dryer! Customer service is excellent! Highly recommend!
