3	Good burgers. Nice staff. Not too loud. Not to big. Fries could have been cooked a bit more.
2	Brews Brothers ... a play on the Blues Brothers ...  I came in with a party of 6 only to find high top tables for 2 or 4 ... no problem, we just pushed 2 together.The 1st two tap beers I ordered they were out of ...  +40 beers ... I hope they are keeping their lines clean ...Ordered a water to find the straw was about an inch short of the top of the glass.Food ... Burgers, turkey burger, pulled pork ... those are your choices ... no other options all burgers cooked to well done.They have a handful of sides including home made chips (which were a bit rubbery) and hand cut fries (which were like mash potato sticks; they needed to be cooked a lot longer).The burger was decent as long as you are okay with well done.  If you need a fork you have to ask for one (oh and it is a plastic fork).my recommendations:1.  take out some tables.  it was jammed full of tables and chairs, making it supper hard to walk around the place.2. If you are going to only offer well done burgers you might was well have a slow cooker full of done burgers to help speed up the process.3. the fryers have to be to small for the volume of fries and chips they need to make (this is why they are mushy).4. They need other menu items.  How about chicken or a salad?Right now it is at about dive bar status ...
5	I've been a fan of the Madison location and the Verona location has yet to disappoint. I've seen some of the reviews and am disappointed that they had a negative experience. I have been to the location numerous times and in spite of a new staff and being very busy, I had not had any negative experiences. The beer is always cold and the burgers are the best in town. They are always fresh and juicy.  The changing tap selections at both locations always has something new and intriguing to try!
5	Great food, perfect temperature beer!, what to eat and what to drink, its all good so far! Cant wait to go back!
1	Horrible burgers! Dry and flavorless. Not bad enough to send back because I doubt they could improve upon it. No place that cooks meat only to medium well should be allowed to call itself a burger joint.
5	Seriously yummy burgers! Great beer selection on tap. Friendly!
4	Amazing selection of beers, considering this restaurant's small size.  Menu is exactly as advertised: beer and burgers.  It took longer than expected to get service, but the food did not disappoint.  2 negatives: concrete floor made conversations difficult, lots of echoing. Also the fluorescent lights are pretty bright and bordering irritating.
5	Five stars for awesome beer lovers happy hour and their fresh chips!  Burgers are great flat top style, always cooked juicy.  Atmosphere is for sports lovers but good for all!  A must stop
3	Stopped in on a Sunday night and the place was pretty dead.  Great selection of brews to pick from but a very limited menu.  Wife got the chicken sandwich which was pretty pedestrian.  Good but nothing special.  I got the Ragin' Cajun burger which was good but not the spice level I associate with great Cajun food.All in all OK, but the area has better burger places.
4	Great burgers, the meat is sourced from a local butcher and the fries are sliced from fresh potatoes right next to the grill.  The burgers themselves are outstanding, as is the beer selection, which highlights local Wisconsin brews.  My only gripe is one bartender who emphatically insulted the beer I had ordered, referring to it as "nasty".  I doubt any beer that the proprietor has put on the tap list could deserve such label and I felt that my own judgement was equally insulted. Aside from that, the establishment is perfect for fantasy drafts, post-soccer games with the family or hanging out after softball/hockey.
3	Not bad, just not outstanding.I got a burger that doesn't really stand out in my memory.  My wife got a chicken sandwich that was just that, a piece of chicken on a bun.  Really boring.The chips she got were pretty good.  I got the fries and wished I hadn't gotten them seasoned.  They had that nasty powdery stuff that some movie theaters used to have available for their popcorn.  Pretty much all salt and bland flavor.  I got a really good chocolate stout.  I was impressed with the beer selection.  Oh, and back to my burger... The meat tasted really good, I'm a sucker for fresh ground beef burgers.  But it was rather small.  Having been on a diet it was going to be a special treat but my plan was to only eat half. I ended up eating the whole thing and not feeling very full. Also, I prefer mine medium rare. They only do them medium.One other note, they messed up my wife's chicken sandwich and made her wait while I ate my burger while it was warm.  Didn't even try to compensate for her inconvenience.
5	Went to Brews Brothers for a birthday lunch with my wife and 3yr old son.  First impressions were "wow, what a beer list!" and "wow, not much to choose from on the menu, good thing I'm in the mood for a burger!".  I'd find out the second impression works to their advantage.We started with the Pub Grub, which was homemade chips (warm) with a beer cheese sauce and bacon on them.  They didn't look like much but they were very good.I typically order medium-rare meat, but they only do medium-well burgers.  To me medium-well is almost a guarantee of a dry burger, but not in this case. I'd say they were done perfectly.I had the Bacon Mac n Cheese burger and my wife had the slaw burger.  The mac n cheese on mine would have been delicious on its own, but it was the burger that stole the show.  Very tasty, with the right amount of seasoning combined with great beef from Knoche's (same used by another establishment known for its burgers).The pricing was reasonable on the food but be careful on the beer, my limited run Avery Pump[KY]n Bourbon Barrel Aged Imperial Pumpkin Porter was $10 for a small snifter (and worth it).  A few kinks to work out yet as the Pub Grub didn't ring up at the sale price and wasn't caught by the staff.  Brews Bros keep it simple but execute what they offer well.  Overall it was a pleasant lunch experience; family friendly and tasty so we'll definitely be back!
5	Great burgers and great beer! The quality is impressive for the variety they have!! Always a good reason to come here!!
4	I'm a big fan of Mr Brews Taphouse (note, the new name). This location doesn't disappoint - it's every bit as good as the location that I'm more familiar with on Junction Road.+ Super clean, super open, plenty of seating for singles or groups+ Incredibly friendly and helpful staff - everyone is top-notch+ Awesome tap list; 40+ available, and rotates regularly+ Great happy hour deals+ Join the Brew Club and get free swagKeep up the great work, Mr Brews!
4	Pros: Friendly service, lots of craft beers on tap, and the "Kentucky Bourbon Classic" burger I had was outstanding.Cons: No jukebox, just Pandora.
