3	Stayed here for 2 nights with 2 girlfriends. Great location, only a short walk to the old district and another short walk to the bars (which was a focus for us girls on vacation together).Rooms were adequate and clean and surprising quiet as there was a huge group of guys watching hockey in the room next to us and we never heard anything unless we were leaving the room and in the hallway. They had just changed over the mattresses on the floor so the mattress was nice and firm, rather than your usual holiday inn sagging.Foyer was "interesting" had that YMCA pool smell to it, but we later noticed that there was a huge fish pond in the ground. Weird, didnt think fish liked chlorine.We got a really really good rate (although parking is an additional $20 per night) and split between the 3 girls, meant we had extra money for spending on cocktails.
3	This is one of 3 Holiday Inns in the general Montreal area.  It is located on the edge of Chinatown but in an ideal location to walk to the Old Montreal area, or the Plateau section with the great restaurants, clubs, and bars.  Bars and clubs on Saint Catherine are also a short walk away.  Booking was easy and I was assured the rooms would be ready as I had requested (one with a roll-away bed and one without), both rooms next to each other.  My train was late getting into Montreal and we had to check in almost toward 9PM the day of.  Bianca at reception was friendly and for the most part helpful but by the evening it appeared the hotel staff gave all the rooms with double beds away and therefore had nothing for me left, even though I reserved weeks in advance.  They had to give me one room from another reservation coming in the next day and a room with one King size bed two floors up.  No apology and no compensation for these inconveniences.  We also had to wait two hours for the roll away and my friend wanted to take a nap before we went out for the night.  The second floor (which is the reception area, bar, and restaurant) has a nice in floor pond which you can walk through.  The rooms were decently sized.  One odd detail was that there were no ceiling lights, only lamps and the window.  A/C filter needed to be replaced and was actually done by hotel staff while we were trying to get dressed at 8AM one morning.  Housekeeping was good and took care of my requests.  Beds and showers were clean and everything but the television appeared new and was in working order.  Underground parking garage and taxi stand in front which is convenient for the airport or to head somewhere further.  Place d'Armes Metro station is across the street.
3	I enjoyed staying at this location because it is close to Chinatown and diagonal from the Palais de Congres. It is quite clean in the rooms. The other benefits were the pool and jacuzzi. It doesn't seem like many people use these facilities because I was the only one there besides my husband!
4	Enjoyed my stay here last weekend. It's right in the middle ... 5 minutes from Old Montreal and then maybe 10-15 walk to St Catherines for shopping :P  Rooms are clean and the bathroom was quite big so it's nice if you had to share the mirror for make up because there is usually never enough room for two people ... but in this hotel you're in luck.I liked the concept of the lobby you can walk over to breakfast and dinner area over the water where the koi are swimming. We got a weekend special for $100 a night which included buffet breakfast.  I'm assuming they don't go these specials all the time so you have to keep an eye out for it. The only thing that bothered me was that the buffet in the morning was coldish.Eggs, sausage and bacon were hot ... almost on the verge of cold. Other than that ... it was a pleasant stay.And yes parking is $20 additional.
4	Friendly staff, super clean hotel, and very affordable for a downtown location that is very close to everything a traveler would want to see. My only complaint is the cheap pillows and uncomfortable beds.Recommended though!
2	first the good things: It's right on top of a metro-station, and very convenient if you like to wander around old-town Montreal, China-town, or shopping on St. Catherine.The breakfast buffet is nice, and the rooms are clean.The bad things: It looks like the rooms were last renovated in the 70's. granted, I mean in the last century... it is very noisy, even on the executive floor. If somebody on your floor decides to make a long-distance phone-call in the middle of the night, you won't get any sleep.The restaurant is closed Sundays and Mondays, and the food in the bar is a very poor substitute. However, worst of all was that they were not allowed to serve alcohol in either bar, or restaurant, because "we had to re-negotiate our liquor-license".... Maybe you should  be in a different business....First, and last time I've ever stayed here.
4	Located in Montreal's Chinatown and close to Rue St. Catherine Est's nightlife, I stayed at this Holiday Inn during my second visit to Montreal. With clean rooms, Asian-inspired lobby, and affordable rates, I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel. Free Wi-Fi, reliable staff, and location all are positive points for this hotel. Recommended!
3	Holiday Inn Select was not my first choice when I was planning for 3 days trip to Montreal, but I just could not pass the "Sweet Deal" that offers by Montreal Tourism: half price for 2nd/3rd night, Free breakfast, Coupon books...etc...The hotel though is really convenient as it is just across the street from Metro Station Place-d'Armes..hop on Metro and it can get you everywhere. Within walking distance to Old Montreal, St Catherines, St Denis.. if it is nice and warm, basically you can walk everywhere. The hotel itself though is dated. The Oriental theme is a little cheesy... but I guess since it is located in Chinatown. My Yelp Friend at first thought it is a temple from a distance then find out it is our hotel! No fridge in the room to cool my beers and wines, but you can get some ice at the machine on every floor.The Parking though has in and out privileges is a little pricey at $25 and the underground lot is a little dark and spaces are tight.Free WIFI works perfectly but you will need an access code to sign in.I will stay here again if the price is right......
4	Great location! Right next to Chinatown and 10 mins walk from old city. Really enjoyed the fact that the bixi bikes were right across the street so if you're getting a day pass, you wont need to go far. I used my priority points for 2 rooms during my stay. Upon checking in, they told me only 1 of the rooms were ready so I checked myself in the ready room and left the other room for my friends who were coming late. Little did I know the room that wasn't ready was the PRESIDENTIAL SUITE. What?!!!!! Reception did not tell me that, NOT COOL. So I ended up giving the suite to my friends who wasted it. Didn't invite anyone up for a party and it was in immaculate condition the next morning as if they didn't even stay. The rooms overall are nice and clean. It's the holiday inn so I didn't expect much and it exceeded my expectations. Also in the lobby, theres a nice koi pond (the quality of the koi is another story). 2 thumbs down for their breakfast buffet. $18 CAD for crappy food, way overpriced. I recommend walking over to Olive & Gourmando (5 minutes) for their awesome selection of... everythingOh yea, and free WIFIS!
3	Great location close to china town and a short walk to old town. The fun ended there. First we were not aware of $26 per day for parking. Second the curtains in the room did not close to block out any light. Found an old muffin in the closet. Really old, dried out. Lamp didn't work etc etc. Really disappointed for a hotel with good reviews and an advertised 4 star rating. It's a 2 star at best. The hotel staff did make things Right and the beds were really comfortable. I'd stay here again.
4	Definitely not bad for what we paid, about $100 per night including tax, and during Bal en Blanc weekend too. The positives: as close as you could possibly get to the subway (Place d'Armes Station), HOT water and lots of it, multilingual staff, clean rooms, in Chinatown, safe area, and a hop, skip, and jump away from Vieux Port. Negatives: Old room... it desperately needed a new dresser, no fridge, PACKED pool and jacuzzi (we tried to go twice without luck), weird smell of baby powder in our room for the first night, and expensive parking $26 a day??? We ended up parking in a complex just before the hotel and it cost us $18 for 3 days!
3	Was willing to stay in town, because hotels in Montreal on late notice can often be a bit dodgy. This place was located in a decent enough space that I can reach where I was trying to go, which is nice. Chinatown location was cool, too. I'm not as high maintenance as others, so don't really need a lot of frills when I stay at a hotel. The bed was very comfortable and the staff was extremely helpful throughout my stay to boot.So yeah, if you manage to get a decent price and want to stay somewhere located well and not sketchy, this isn't a bad deal at all.
1	Staff was on lockout upon arrival we had to cross a picket line. Angry staff members yelling and clanging bells as u walk in... It is located right beside fire hall so we heard fire engines all night. It is also located beside a park which was overrun in homeless people, the view from my window was of the homeless people drinking. No lunch or dinner service and had to go to front desk for towels as their was no maid service.
4	Stay here every year or two for four or five days. Yes, it's a bit dated - can't wait for the 2015 renovations! But it is clean, the prices are very reasonable, the front desk is very helpful, and if there is any problem, they are quick to respond. Great location at edge of Chinatown, across from a Metro station, and a short walk to Old Montreal.A particular rave for Pierre at the front desk. He has been there since the 90s and is friendly, helpful, and more than willing to go the extra mile. Place was packed when we arrived and he immediately offered two chits for wine while we waited for our room to be readied. Sue B
1	In terms of the hotel itself, I found it to be great and would give you 5 stars if it had not been for the unacceptable behavior of one of your staff. On the last day of my stay, my experience was marred by the disrespectful treatment of one of your employees.On Monday July 14th, at 6am, I was waiting for my parents by the entry stairs. I had my luggage so I was clearly a patron at your hotel. I asked one of your young male employees where the restrooms were. I was told very rudely that I could go use the ones across the street and that I would have to wait outside. I informed him I was waiting for my parents. He then went into the vestibule and rudely told some Asian women that they'd have to go wait outside.Some Caucasian people then approached him with a question and I heard a different and courteous tone when he assisted them. I then asked him if there were restrooms on the 2nd floor and he reluctantly said yes. Why did he not tell me so in the first place? I felt discriminated against. I am paying for your hospitality, why should I have to go across the street to use the restrooms? I felt so humiliated and appalled that I did not think to ask for his name, which I regret. He is lucky I had to leave, otherwise I would have spoken to the manager about his racist attitude. His behavior was completely unacceptable, especially considering he is working in Chinatown.
4	Fairly-priced hotel. Met my expectations. Rooms are quite large, 2 queens in the room plus extra space to dance in while you get ready. All the basic services; rooms get cleaned, pool on the 3rd floor,  staff is courteous.
3	Though this hotel is a bit dated, their location is great. Btw- it's scheduled for a full remodel soon. Their staff is very helpful and friendly. Very good & pricy Chinese food in their restaurant; but their servers seem tired and uninterested. We were only in town for 2 nights, so the price was right, even with $27 per night self-parking fee, which is less than most other locations. It's not fancy, but the room was comfy and very clean.
