5	My husband doesn't buy anything until he thoroughly researched everything. He has been researching mattresses for about 1 year and that is how we ended up looking at Latex. The choices at local stores seemed to be somewhat limited and after doing more research online we finally found Sleep Ez. We liked their choices and informative website and gave them a call. We had a long telephone conversation with Shawn and he was very informative and very patient with all of our questions. We knew that we wanted the organic 13 inch option with 4 3-inch layers of Talalay Latex and Shawn recommended that we go with a split configuration but the same layers of X-Firm, Firm, Medium, Soft from the bottom up. This configuration will give us the most options if we need to change layers. We just received our 4 boxes of Latex, including the cover and 2 free pillow cases last week and have only been sleeping on it for less than a week, but we absolutely love it. The firmness seems to be just perfect. The shipment was delayed a couple of days because they did not have a Firm layer in stock, but that was not a problem for us. Everything came in as ordered and we put the bed together in no time. At first it looked like it could be an ordeal, but the layers fit nicely into the cover. Shawn and Jeremy were very easy to work with, responsive and helpful and we love our bed.Maria and Stephen
5	A quick update to our Latex Mattress selection.Our combination of X-Firm, Firm, Medium, Soft turned out to be too firm. At one point my husband borrowed my Soft layer and gave me his Medium layer. I love my husband, but he had to give it back :-)We returned both of our X-Firm layers and replaced them with a "Medium-Soft" layer which is available as a special order. We now have the following layers on both sides: Firm, Medium, Medium-Soft, Soft. It is now so comfortable, we both absolutely love it. If you are not happy with your first selection, please don't hesitate to contact Sleep EZ and replace a layer or two until you are happy. Shawn was again very helpful and the replacement was fast and easy.
