5	Several weeks ago I took my dog Congee to a different vet.  He's a 5 year old dog that acts like he's 15.  The new vet prescribed the same medication he's always been on, but recommended a generic brand and told me about a pharmacy that would call me to fulfill the prescription.  Compared to what I'd paid at 1-800-PET MEDS - $65 for a 1 month supply, I now pay $37 for a 2 month supply.  It was all pretty low effort for me, but I think it probably helped that the vet office works with Road Runner pharmacy as I didn't have to go through the regular hassle of getting Pet Meds the prescription from the vet.RoadRunner called me up (fast, efficient and very professional) ... took all my credit card info over the phone and 2 days later I got the package in the mail (Free shipping!).  I'd say I'm pretty satisfied with the service and would definitely recommend them to any other pet owners who need to get regular medication for their pets.
5	I hadn't even thought of reviewing Roadrunner until I saw someone else's.  My mistake!All companies can learn from Roadrunner on how a business should be run and what customer service is all about!My Siberian Husky was diagnosed with Valley Fever and prescribed Fluconazole.  My vet suggested Roadrunner, and the next day, the meds were at my doorstep with a bonus for the pooch.  (Sometimes a toy, sometimes treats.)  And so it went for about a year.Then I moved to San Diego.  Apparently, Valley Fever is not so common there.  They had to send his blood to a lab in LA just to be tested for it!  Then I got the price for a month supply of fluconazole.  YIKES!  Same pills, same dosage, TRIPLE the price!!  I called Roadrunner to see if the San Diego vet verified the prescription, if they could send meds to California.  I gave them the vet's name and number, and pooch's meds were at my doorstep 2 days later!I haven't had need for any doggy prescriptions in the past several years - but when the need arises, I am thrilled that Roadrunner is here!Thank you!
4	I think these people pretty much rock! I was paying a small fortune in med costs (thanks to my stupid vet), until I discovered Roadrunner and got them to call the prescription there.  Now I get everything by mail for a fraction of the price.  They are very nice to deal with.  Orders come quickly, though they will expedite for a reasonable fee if you need your order faster.  I love that they send a little toy for my kitty with every order.  Nice touch!  My only issue that dropped a star off is that the pricing for a smaller quantity seems to be more than for larger volumes.  I don't understand that logic at all.  They had quoted me a price for 50ml, then my vet only authorized 10ml.  it ended up costing more.  that to me was a little wrong.  all in all, happy customer though.
5	Roadrunner Pharmacy has given me consistently first-rate service for two years now.  They provide metamazole in the form of a topical gel for my cat's thyroid condition.  Having that medication in a gel, which I apply to my critter's ears, is worth the extra price compared to the grief of trying to get pills down his throat without getting myself torn up.  Their prices are reasonable, service via UPS delivery is lightning fast.On my most recent refill order I had to phone in because my credit card number had changed.  This is the ONLY criticism I have of Roadrunner and it's a very minor one - You can't enter a new credit card through their Web site.On the other hand, the phone call was worth it because the person who helped me pointed out that I could save a bunch of money by having a larger quantity shipped (last two refills at the same time.)  She assured me that the shelf life of the product was long enough that it wouldn't be a problem having a two-month supply on hand.Thank you, Roadrunner!
5	I'm very pleased not only with the service Roadrunner provides but have found their pricing to be very competitive.  Like others have mentioned, courteous, informed employees, fast delivery (only 2 business days and I'm in Virginia) and my cat loves the little toy they include with each order/refill.It's not a criticism but a wish for them to improve their website so reordering can be done with any credit card, not  just the one they have on file.
4	The people that answer the phone at Roadrunner are always very nice and courteous. The process is easy and the delivery prompt. BEWARE, however, that they have a minimum order amount of $42.95 per order -- so, if the prescription is for less than that, they will give you less but still charge the same amount -- even if you have refills. The trick is to ask them to give you the maximum amount allowed for that price, which will just reduce the number of refills you have. I was pretty upset to learn this after ordering from them for such a long time (my cat takes two prescription medicines a day). This is something they should tell you at the very beginning (you might have to ask your vet to write the prescription differently, but it is worth it). I have overpaid Roadruner for too long -- not anymore.
3	Half of the time they are good and the other half they are very poor.  I believe they need help in organization.  They are great in customer service and friendly, they really try.  They always have excuses on why they can't find a fax, a prescription.  They paid for sending a prescription out overnight because they didn't send it out on time.  This time I called in a refill yesterday, they had to fax the vet.  They were going to call me back, never did.  I called again.  They said they would fax the vet.  I had already called the vet.  The vet said they faxed it back yesterday with 2 refills and that I was all set.  One thing they do that is very sweet, they always send a toy or snacks for my pup.  I love that and he does too...  :-)Really frustrating to say the least!!!!
4	This is a fantastic pharmacy to work with.  Always courteous and easy to work with.  They even include a small toy for my dog with each new refill.  One quick thing to mention however - I recenty changed vets, and the new vet had to fax a new prescription instead for something my dog has been on for a quite some time.  A week passed and I followed up with the roadrunner since I hadn't heard from them and usually would have recieved the Rx by now.  They didn't have the faxed script from the new vet.  A new script has now been called in and Roadrunner is expediting the order at no charge.So overall fantastic - but woth following up to make sure they have new prescriptions that are faxed in.
5	Roadrunner is a great company that provides a wonderful service. They are very professional and will work with you to help your animal out. I like how they send everything in the cool cartoon UPS boxes too!I will continue to use Roadrunner due to their great service and reliability. Thanks!
1	Absolutely some of the worst customer service I've ever had.  First they repeatedly "lost" the credit card numbers we had on file.  Then they sent the wrong order and argued endlessly with me about fixing the problem rather than taking any responsibility.  At first they wanted us to pay for a whole replacement order, and then begrudgingly offered to send the correct order only if we paid additional expedited shipping.  Later, after spending all day desperately trying to get this resolved to get the medication our pet needs and which will run out because of their error, the supervisor, Summer, called me back to say that in fact she wouldn't even deal with me because it was my wife's name on the order and not mine, despite the fact that I had placed the order in question and they had taken my credit card number and charged it.  She basically told me they don't believe me that I placed the order for what I say I did, despite the fact that our cat cannot take what they sent.  If only they spent even a fraction of the energy on customer service that they do on obstructionist tactics and refusals to take accountability for their actions.  Avoid at all costs.
5	Two years later - and the more things change, the more they stay the same.My current pooch was diagnosed with Valley Fever about 18 months ago.(Grrr.)In my review two years ago, I closed with stating that if the need arises, I am thrilled to know Roadrunner is there.Sure enough - more Fluconazole. More fast delivery with a toy or treats! More stellar customer service!I noticed a very mixed bag of reviews here for Roadrunner - but am thrilled to say my experience has remained stellar. A few years of meds for the amazing Husky, a year and a half  (and counting) with my sweet little Lab mix - and EVERY contact with Roadrunner has been positive.Thank you, Roadrunner - for making taking care of a sick pup just a little less stressful - and for taking such great care of me!
5	I had a Rx called into Roadrunner for fluconazole my dog has valley fever besides the price was the cheapest in the valley I recieved it at my door that same day with a dog toy in the box. thats what I call GREAT customer service! Thank you Roadrunner pharmacy for your great pricing and service! Highly recommend!
1	3 strikes and you are out!  Being in the medical field I am always disappointed when I find a company whose bottom line is all about the money.  This is by far one of the most disorganized places I have ever dealt with.  They could care less if your animal has to have a chronic medication for the treatment of cancer, much less a steroid which is never just supposed to be stopped , always tapered down.  I gave this place 3 tries-- each time they got it wrong.  This last time I received no call, had to call them and then was told it would be 5 working days before I would get it which means next week.....and I live in Phoenix.  If I wanted to go pick it up -- expedited that would be another $18.95..  Why should I have to pay them for their error.  So obviously customer service is also not their strong suite either.  I will never use this pharmacy again and I will be sure I let everyone I know who has animals to do the same.
1	If you have an on-going prescription that needs to get fulfilled for your pet, then Road Runner can be a good alternate to more expensive pharmacies.  I was happy with their service until recently, and which had a pretty bad impact on my poor cat, Howard.  Howie was diagnosed with lymphoma and the cancer center I was working with in California called in 3 or 4 different prescriptions for him on a Monday afternoon.  Normally I hear from RR pretty quickly, but when I hadn't heard anything by Wednesday morning, I called in and spoke with someone who basically said, "oh- so we never called you about a prescription?"  I told them no, but I was calling in about it.  She said she found the prescription was put into a "box" that no one looks at, which seems less than helpful.  I'd like to mention that the meds I was waiting for were to help my cat with his appetite.  One was an anti-nausea med, another was an appetite enhancer, and also a steroid that was supposed to help my Howie feel better.  So, yeah-- all extremely important to an extremely ill cat.  I asked her to charge the card I had on file, and to please get the meds sent out.  End of that week-- still no meds.  My Dad had to take my cat back into the cancer center for another $700 because of not receiving any medication.  Howie of course was miserable and had continued to lose weight because of not receiving his medication.  We finally received Howie's meds late Monday afternoon-- a week after they were called in.  I figured it was partly because of the time it took to ship from CA, then I found out they sent it out late Friday afternoon with overnight shipping.  Really?  Overnight shipping on a friday night? I called them on Monday Nov 11th to talk to someone about this because I was so upset.  The person I talked to said that they would look into the issue, she would contact her supervisor and maybe the owner to see what they could do for me.  Guess what-- I've NEVER heard back from them.  Oh- and I had to have my Howie euthanized on Saturday the 16th, which obviously he was ill anyway, but I firmly believe that his life could have been extend.  I'm heartbroken and completely disgusted with the disregard on Road Runners part for this.  Big time fails through this whole process and zero contact from them.  I'm really disappointed as I had used them for a couple years prior to this.  I will absolutely never use them again after this.  They don't deserve my money and my animals deserve better than their crappy service.OH-- and just as an update.  I still have not spoken to a supervisor- but they made someone else come back and email me after an additional email I sent, and say basically "too bad.. so sad.  nothing is our fault."  GREAT customer service Road Runner.  What a crappy uncaring company you are.  You should be ashamed.
5	I order meds all the time from Roadrunner and love them.  The are always friendly on the phone and meds arrive promptly.
5	I have been ordering medicine for my kitty Lola from Roadrunner Pharmacy.  They provide excellent customer service and provide fast expedite service on all my needs.  Their staff is very kind and friendly when asking questions about my kitty.  Offering suggestions and ideas how to make the experience for my kitty better. My orders are received in a timely manner and the always call to confirm delivery date.  And one more bonus they always include a toy for my kitty as a thank you gift...  Lola love's the toys..  Thank you for your excellent service..
5	So thankful for Roadrunner Pharmacy.  They make prescription refills so easy.  Wonderful customer service and quick delivery.  My cat Libra loves the new toy she gets every month.  Very thoughtful!
5	I live in Tucson and have suffered at the hands of our local compounding pharmacy for years (Reeds, who doesn't seem to understand that veterinary medicines are usually needed urgently due to health emergencies). My vet let  me know about Roadrunner. He called in antibiotic eye ointment for my guinea pigs. I called them and let them know it was a rush emergency- had the medicine the next day. Most importantly, no one gave me a nasty attitude about how long compounding medications take and that I should not be asking for it to be prepared same day (which is the attitude I have experienced at Reed's). And there was no $50 minimum charge for your medication- things are priced reasonably.  This compounding pharmacy is an excellent option when you need medicine fast for your pet....wish they were located in my city, but their preparation and shipping is fast enough that I will still be using them!
4	I switched to this pharmacy from a local competitor after a recommendation from a friend. My dog has been through the ringer and needed his specialized medication prior to our big move across the country. They quickly gave me a price quote and only made me wait 20 minutes, whereas other places request up to 24 hours. It was well worth the drive. They were slightly more expensive than other places (about $8) but free shipping is a bonus for when we will no longer be able to just stop by!
5	My vet called in a prescription to RoadRunner for my sick dog. They called me right away, were very helpful. I received the medication promptly, and they even included a rope toy. However, there was a problem with my order.  I was supposed to get twice the medications for less than $1.00 more, but the problem was fixed quickly (thank goodness for recorded phone calls) I received the remainder of the medication in a few days....with another free toy.
5	One of the best pharmacies in Phoenix. Roadrunner offers prescriptions, vitamins, supplements and organic products. They even have a nutritionist on staff, free of charge to help you select the best regimen for your needs. The store is a mecca for cosmetics, skin care, and perfume. You need at least 4 hours to got through every aisle to find products from all over the globe. And if you need something from Europe-not a problem Abby can get it for you. I love this store and the help is ever so friendly.
2	I've used Roadrunner for 5+ years. They've never had a decent website, so I've always called in refills. This time I first tried their shiny new site - which failed miserably. Then I called. No one answered. Then I used the phone auto refill. Here we are, a full week later, no meds. So I called them AGAIN today and after a 5 min wait, got a CSR who informed me that "it SAYS it will take up to SEVEN days!" Um, yes, dear, it's BEEN seven days, which is why I'm calling. She was not helpful in the slightest, nor was she apologetic. She said, "well we've been very busy". That's nice and that is also NOT my problem. She informed me it would be mon or tue next week by the time it got here. AWESOME. My pet goes w/out meds for 4 days. :(  THANKS ROADRUNNER.Prior to this issue, I'd been having issues with my other pet's meds not being compounded correctly in the last year or so. The compound would be separated, which is not right. I'd sent back several bottles to be redone and they just couldn't seem to figure it out.  It was fine when we first started getting it, but the last year not so much. Unfortunately the pet taking that med died of old age in April, so it's not an issue now, but it certainly was then. Prior to this year, I'd had decent service and NEVER had to wait 10 days for refills. Granted, they were strictly phone based, but at least someone would answer and I got the meds on time.  Their new website, which I'm sure they paid a mint for, is absolutely useless. It is horrid. There is not even a contact page! And I've had a terrible time trying to do my last 3-4 refills on the phone: lots of waiting and no one answering. I don't know what's happened to Roadrunner, but I'm not refilling with them any longer. I'll pay a little more and get it from my vet. I'm DONE being jerked around by them. It's a shame, they used to be pretty good.
1	Oh. MY. GOD. I STILL do not have my cat's meds. Why? Because THEY sent it to the wrong address. But is that the end of it? They'll resend it right away? NO. If I could give ZERO I would. I get a rude CSR (janine? Janet?) who informs me that they'll "look into it" and call me back about it. And proceeds to GRILL ME about when I called and when I changed the address, etc. Then put me on hold for the third time. THEN when  Janice or whatever her name was comes back and I tell her I don't know what the problem is ON THEIR END, they just need to get me the meds, she gets rude and says, YOU NEED TO TALK TO MY SUPERVISOR and slams me onto hold AGAIN. Then the supervisor does the same thing!! OMG! I can't believe I was just treated like this! Amazing. In a BAD way. I don't know what has happened to Roadrunner, but just don't bother with them. They clearly have plenty of customers and don't need any more, nor do they need to keep ones like me who've spent $1000s with them over the years. Unless you love abuse, don't use these people. They are all about getting your money and not too concerned about the rest.  And most certainly not AT ALL concerned about your pet.
5	This is a great service! fast, friendly staff and always ready to help. My cat Flower was struggling with the pills I have to give her twice a day for her hyperthyroidism, it got so bad that each time I had to force them on her, she took a spiral downward,  there was no way I could do this to her for ever. I call my vet a he said that there were either liquid or transdermal,  which seems to be the easiest on her since I would put a gel in her ear with my finger. The most wonderful part was the price was just about $10 more than the pills.  I couldn't be happier, since my cat is happy and will get better.  Thank you Roadrunner! My cat loved the toys too!
4	My vet's pharmaceutical assistant introduced me to Road Runner Pharmacy, and the first 2 orders went smoothly. The 3rd has been slightly rough, but with help of Jasmine and Tracy all is well.  Thank you!
4	Great customer service - always fast and friendly! I started with them on the recomendation of a vet specialist and was pleasantly surprised at their prices and service. I have now transferred both of my dog's specialty prescriptions to Roadrunner even though I live in Oregon. Their prices and service cannot be beat by my local compounding pharmacy. And... the free toy is a very nice gesture. My little guy gets excited when he sees the box! I highly recommend this pharmacy.
