1	I bought a Groupon for these people and couldn't ever reach them to schedule my appointment! I left several messages and no one even bothered to return my call. So disappointing. Don't bother with them!!!
4	Had scheduled an appointment and got it 3 weeks later. but was very professional and courteous when I went there. The massage therapist was really good. Had a really sore neck, upper back and she worked wonders on me with deep tissue massage.Have one more appointment to schedule. Looking forward.
1	It is difficult to get a call returned or to get somebody to even answer the phone.  The address on Groupon is not the correct one, which was never mentioned to me when I booked.  Because of the change of address I was 20 minutes late to my appointment and was told they may have to cancel it.  Then after looking up my appointment I was told that the receptionist actually booked me for the wrong type of appointment and that I would have to reschedule anyways.  Very poor first impression will just attempt to get my Groupon refunded.
1	I could not tell you anything about this business other than they don't know how to run a business. Left multiple messages with no replies. Gave up and am seeking a refund through Groupon. Don't offer deals or discounts if you have no intention of honoring them. Totally unprofessional and smells of a scam.
1	The first time I went to get a massage I arrived to an empty waiting room. After waiting 15 minutes I was told my appointment would need to be cancelled because they didn't have time. I booked this 4 weeks in advance (the soonest they could get me in)!I opted to just get a 40 minute massage (for same price, no partial refund) as I drove very far. The massage was sub par. For my second massage (which was pre-paid for), I drove one hour in traffic from work.  AGAIN when I arrived I was told the appointment was cancelled!!! This time there was nothing they could do and the receptionist could not give me a refund because she didn't "know how to use the computer."They still have my $60 and it's almost two months later! I've called and called with no return call to get my money back! Do not go here!
1	Got a Groupon. Got two massages, the first one was the worst massage of my life. The guy recommended that my next one be from another woman there who does deep tissue. Her massage felt like she wasn't even paying attention, and I could tell that she was massaging me with one hand and herself with her other hand. Tried to schedule the other massages I'd already paid for on Groupon for my boss, but I could not get a call back. I left multiple messages and emails, but no response. Now the Groupon is expired. Don't go there, it's horrible.
1	This place is not good.  I wouldn't recommend it even with the low price of the Groupon.  I have had 2 appointments and both times they have been cancelled due to an "emergency."  The first time I was very understanding, but this second time?  Really, again?!  When they have to reschedule it takes almost a month until you can get another appointment.  When I finally did get in after the first initial cancel (a month later) the massage wasn't even that great.  It was like I was the last appointment of the day and she just wanted to get home and half assed my massage.  I would not recommend The Added Touch Massage.
1	I really wish I had read the reviews before I bought a groupon for a massage. It took five calls to get an appointment which was then cancelled. A complete waste of money and very disappointing.
1	Massage therapist I got was pretty good, but since then I've not been able to get a hold of them and it says the number has been disconnected.  I even drove to their office one day and the office was open, but no one was in there to make an appt with.  I've been trying for months now.  Definitely do not get a groupon from here.
