3	Oh, China A Go Go.... You're like that boyfriend where, sure, he's nice and all...and not unattractive or anything...but you know that if you just got out a little bit you were bound to meet someone that was smoking hot and hysterical...Am I making sense?  Probably not (I rarely do).  I go go (haha) to China A Go Go out of convenience.  It's so close.  And the food isn't bad- in fact the veggie chow mein is consistently pretty good.  And the garden veggies are usually pretty fresh and not overcooked.  The place is clean and the employees are friendly....  It's just... this placing is missing that little extra special something.  It needs to go from that nice but boring boyfriend to the hot and fun one.The problem is I tried a couple other nearby places and got burned (read: inedible).  So, I always wind up back in the arms of the safe and steady boyfriend when I need my take-out fix.  I guess for now I'll stick to the safe bet.  But I'll always be keeping my eyes open for someone more fun to take his place...
3	Let's say you're in the mood for some Chinese food. Nothing fancy, just something to satisfy your craving, and you don't have the motivation to drive to Chinatown. Well then this is the place for you. The food isn't bad, typical Americanized Chinese food, but it's close by and it quenches the Chinese food thirst. So if you meet the above criteria, give this place a try. You probably won't be disappointed, I wasn't.
2	Meh. I've experienced better.Much better does exist out there... somewhere... and cheaper too.  Unfortunately, they don't exist as close by for when I need my version of comfort food.Short answer is yes, they'll do if you got a hankering.  I went for a low risk chicken chow mein.  If they can pass this simple test, then at least I can give them another shot later on.  Decent ingredients and decent serving size, but I'd say about 25% over-priced.  Tastey noodles; therefore they'll receive a passing grade from me.  Stir fried just right and without excessive oil.  When I can't take it any more, I'll probably be back.The Asian staff was a bonus, but it looked to me that the menu had been Americanized some.  Sad what has to be comprised in order to survive.  I guess my biggest qualm is that I've been spoiled by growing up surrounded by good, cheap, authentic Chinese food.  So when an establishment can't meet all three criteria, I just pine for days of ol'.  Maybe my standard isn't terribly fair, but since I know it to exist, the burden is on them.
3	China a go go will fix that Chinese food craving, but is it the best, no, def not the worst either.  My biggest problem is that the prices don't match the food.  Maybe if prices were a tad lower and the egg drop soup were better...
1	Don't do it. All I ordered was the Egg Rolls. However, Customer Service was great.
2	I used to love this place... Until it gave me massive diarrhea. Twice. They first time i was in denial, thought it was a coincidence, but the second time it was no joke and i knew my Chinese deliciousness had betrayed me. So be warned, if you order the Kung poo chicken from china a poo poo you will spend 48 hours on the toilet.
4	This is the best chinese in the area. The ingredients are great and the customer service is great too! Try here before you go to Panda.
1	It bothers me that I even have to give it one star. I don't know what happened over the last year. This used to be a great place with great food, now it appears like things have changed for the worst. Food lacks taste, flavor or consistency. Almost like refrozen dehydrated pop in the fryer cheap ingredients.More so now I think they just don't care. Last night was the last of China a go go for me or my family. We all got sick with Diarrhea and vomiting.
3	This was always our go to chinese delivery place since it is so close to our house. I have loved everything we had gotten and we tried just about everything. Had I reviewed this place about 6 months ago it would have been an easy 4, now I can't go half so I bumped it to a 3 from a 2.5.  Not sure what the deal is, the food is still tasty enough but the last two times we have gotten a delivery the rice seemed quite undercooked and flavor had vanished from some of the chicken dishes. This time I got the chow fun, noodles, staying away from the rice. Well it tasted ok but the noodles were bunched together liked they hadn't boiled the water and stirred them in the pot. Kind of reminded me of the first time I ever cooked spaghetti and had a big sticky ball of noodle... It wasn't that bad but i am disappointed on where this particular location is headed. Probably won't order from them again for quite a while. The delivery guy was okay and all but the total came to 29.78 and we gave him two twenties. Now we like to and it was our plan for him to keep the change but it was a 10 dollar tip and he didn't even ask if we wanted change, just grabbed the money, said thanks and walked away. Had we not intended to tip quite that much it would have been an uncomfortable moment. At least we don't have to worry about that for awhile. Maybe try again in 6 Months, maybe they will see the error of whatever changes they made in the last year.
5	This is a great place to eat!  We get take-out here at least 1x per week. The service is awesome.  They are fast, professional, polite. They always get the order correct. Phone in orders are ready and on time as promised.Food is first rate. Ingredients are fresh and cooked perfectly.Will definitely keep going here!!
3	I have never been crazy about China A Go Go. From my perspective it is a level above Panda Express and fast food restaurants in general. However, it is a level below many casual dining Chinese restaurants. The majority of the time that I dine in China A Go Go is during their lunch special. China A Go Go is a 3.5 star Chinese restaurant that I never went out of my way to dine in. The usual scenario will be that I am in the immediate area and making a spontaneous choice between a few fast food restaurants to patronize.  Most of the time the fast food competitors are a no-go for value and I will hit up China A Go Go for lunch. This is what occured last Sunday.  I was visiting my brother up in North Las Vegas. We decided to visit Aliante Nature Discovery Park and the Aliante trail system. The Smith's Shopping Center parking lot was the trailhead. If you haven't been to this shopping center, it includes Arby's, KFC, Subway, and other eateries. China A Go Go was the winning choice.  China A Go Go is just as familiar to me as Panda Express. China A Go Go is a go-to spot for decent Chinese food in the Las Vegas valley. The upshot is their locations are sprouting up across the Las Vegas Valley. Not every location is identical. At some locations you order the food at the counter and pour your own Coke beverage. But at this location, the friendly waitress greeted my brother and yours truly. She seated us and served our food. When the styrophone cup of Coke was low, she refilled it. She was friendly and made my brother and I feel welcome. Too bad I can't say that about an element of the higher priced restaurants I visited.  Ordering at China A Go Go is as easy as 1-2-3.  You don't even have to walk inside to glance at their menu. It is outside on the window. The luncheon menu ranges from $5.95 to $6.50 for shrimp-based entrees.   I ordered the shrimp chop suey luncheon special. It included soup of the day, fried rice, and chow mien noodles. The soup of the day was the exact soup China A Go Go has been serving me for the last six years: egg drop soup. Don't get me wrong. Egg drop soup is good. But it is nothing like wonton soup. Three stars. I enjoyed the shrimp chop suey. China A Go Go was generous with the portions of shrimp. And tasty shrimp I might add. Three-and-a-half stars. The fried rice was tasty filler food. I appreciated that around 30% and not 50% of the plate (a styraphone bowl by the way) was taken up by chow mien noodles. There have been a handful of Chinese restaurants that have left me with a sour taste of the place on account of too much of the plate being taken over by filler chow mien noodles.  When all is said and written, I could return to the Aliante Parkway China A Go Go when I am in the immediate area during lunch. A 3.5 star Chinese restaurant is always a candidate for a future check-in.
1	Worst shrimp chow main I've had.........................................really! Dont waste your money.....cannot beleive what they serve you in also!
4	We love this China a Go Go!  Great cashiers and the delivery drivers are always so friendly!
5	Always good food and good service. I love the green apple Boba here!!!!  Perfect string bean chicken lunch special. I've never had bad food here.
5	When you just don't feel like cooking, this place is the best.  We love the kung pao shrimp and the kung pao combination.  The corn flower egg drop soup is wonderful.The people there are always very prompt and greet you with a smile.
