3	I dunno why it says it's closed because it's totally NOT closed.While on my week long vacay here in Phoenix (to stay with The Boyfriend), I have been searching long and hard for places to exercise at. I tried the Valley of the Sun Jewish Center (awesome!) and then I tried this place yesterday. More specifically, I went to their pool, which is open from 1-4pm in the summer for open swim. "Open swim" times basically means the pool is divided into 3 sections: 1 for the water slide, 1 for the kiddies to run around in, and 1 for lap swimmers (2 lanes are devoted to this). The pool itself is a decent size, clean, and busy (who blames them?! the heat here is almost unbearable!!). It's $3/adults and $1/kids and there are plenty of lifeguards roaming around just in case you start drowning (knock on wood).While I appreciate the 2 lanes for lap swim, it's near impossible to actually lap swim because the kids just float around between the lanes and the play area and there's no type of regulation. I swear, if I hadnt double checked a few times I wouldve run into a handful of kids during my 40minute stint there.So while it's a nice pool, I don't think I'll be going back. I believe I was the only person over 16 years of age that was not a parent of some sort. I've made a list of Reasons to go to this Pool:- you have child(ren)- you have a couple hours to kill... and youre on a budget... and you have child(ren)- your child(ren) are annoying and complaining about heat- your child(ren) are out of school for the summer and you need to entertain them somehow- its your kid(s) birthday and youre on a budget- youre teaching your child(ren) how to swimReasons you SHOULDNT go to this pool:- youre over 16, single, and without kids- you want to get actual exercise done- you want to lay out at a pool- you hate kids- you dont wanna get sunburned- you wanna experience a "pool party" (this is not an adult pool party scene)That said, happy pool-ing!
4	My family uses the community center in various ways.  The kids take karate lessons from a world renowned Sensei (Ted Rabino) and Senpai (Sara Rabino), and they also do summer swimming lessons here.I use the workout facilities religiously.  For only $16/mo I have access to 2 rooms of equipment that pretty much cover all the basics - free weights, machines, various benches, and cardio gear.  There's even an excellent fitness trainer on duty 3 days a week (Pat) --- and her consulting is included in the $16 membership.  Talk about the best value in town!There are also racquetball courts, tennis courts, and changing rooms with hot showers.I only have 2 complaints.  1) the hours.  It opens fairly early, but closes early in the evening, too.  And it's only open for 3 hours on Saturday and closed Sunday.  I come here to workout during the week, so it doesn't really affect me, but there have been a few weekends where I would have dropped in if they had been open.  2) my other complaint is that, while they have a decent variety of equipment and it's generally in good condition, they're missing a few pieces that I'd really like to see, like a Smith machine.Bottom line: The workout facility isn't a great place if you're into people watching and it doesn't have the best selection of equipment, nor will it win any style points, but it is never crowded and offers the most amazing value I've ever seen in a club.
2	Been a while since I reviewed the MVCC and a lot has happened, so an update is in order.  None of the changes are good and I'll keep it brief.-Equipment  is not being kept up and management says the budget doesn't allow for proper upkeep.-Management has changed...for the worse.  The employees here, like Amy, are generally cool, but the manager is, shall we say, not a very service-oriented individual.  Expect to be kicked out of the center 15 minutes before the advertised close time, so staff can have doors locked and be driving away at precisely close time.-Personal trainer's hours were cut back.  Pat is a great asset to the Center, but her hours were scaled back recently so it's harder to benefit from working with her.When asked about fixing the equipment and restoring Pat's hours, the manager said dues would have to be raised to do so.  "The money's just not there."Now that there's a great Planet Fitness just around the corner that only charges $10/month with brand new equipment, the MVCC has become irrelevant.  The cool "local gym" vibe is tarnished by the staff's indifference and poorly maintained equipment.  As much as I've enjoyed using this gym and love the people who work out here, it just doesn't make sense to continue my membership. Incidentally, the Rabinos still have a Shito Kai karate dojo here and the expert instruction they offer our kids DOES bring us back.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
1	I won't be playing here again. I randomly ended up here a couple of weeks ago with my usual hitting partner and was very disappointed with the facility. For whatever reason, this facility charges a court fee. Most Phoenix tennis courts do not. Apparently for this fee, you get the following:* Disorganized, amateurish staff* Dirty courts* Several courts did not have center straps, which meant we had to wait 30+ minutes to access a court* Gaps in the fencing* Grippy but very cracked surfaces * The surfaces are you standard city park surfaces, they are not the nicer, cushioned surfaces you typically see on paid courts* Weirdly, you have to register to play here. Never seen that before!* No water on/near the court* The staff disappears at 8 pmOn the plus  side, the courts are very well lit, and though the benches are not covered, they are spacious. Also, the center is buried within a neighborhood, which makes it both inaccessible and yet fairly quiet.There are better courts to be had, especially for the money.
