5	I won't go into the whole rambling story of how I came to use this store (another store effed up a leveling job).  Atomic Guitar Works are pros at guitar repair and building.  They are custom builders of guitars.  Harry is very friendly and helpful.  They did an ace fret leveling and crown job on my brand new Stratocaster.  So I'm spreading the news, this shop is good, very good, and I'll be taking more guitars to them for maintenance.Update:  Ok I took a Fender Jaguar in for pickup replacement, new pickguard, a new bridge, and a set-up.  Work was done very timely & Tim at Atomic was helpful in explaining what they did and how to maintain the bridge.  Great experience again!
5	Awesome service at this place. Took in a guitar I had no hope of ever playing again-- it was warped and all the frets buzzed. Lo and behold, a week later it was as new again. Thanks guys-- you've earned a customer for life.
5	Took a battle damaged 25 year old Carvin V220 to them.  In summary, this is now not only My go-to repair shop, but also that of my friends, as well.  If you want to read about the full experience, including before/after photos, you can see my post at the Carvin forums;http://www.carvinbbs.com/viewtopic.php?t=36614&postdays=0&postorder=asc&start=0Suffice it to say, Harry & Jim do outstanding work and they have great dedication to their customers.  One hopes to never need to see them again, but if I do, there will be no hesitation.
2	I had been going here for years and thought they actually cared about doing good work for me. They once did... but as time passed, it got worse and worse. Unfortunately, since they messed up my last bass project... chipped my neck pocket and installed pick-up off center, etc... I will not be going back there again.
5	Awesome job on my Les Paul. Job was completed in only two days and it feels and sounds phenomenal. Great job Tim and Harry. I can't put the thing down!
5	Been here a few times, these guys know guitars!!!I take my Telecaster here to get re-stringed and checked out every few months.I really like my Telecaster and totally trust these guys.  They love guitars!!Take your guitar here instead of the big box chain guitar store IMO.Lot's of advice for free and boy do they know guitars, they even make their own.Recommended big time.
