5	Spoiler Alert: This place makes Filibertos look like Taco Bell.In the West Valley, a name like "Polibertos" doesn't stand out. There are dozens of little taco shops out here, you can't drive more than a mile without seeing one. But this place is anything but generic. In fact, it's AMAZING!Everything you order here is bigger than you expect for the low prices. If you get anything besides a simple taco or burrito, use the buddy system because you'll NEED help finishing the majority of meals on their menu.My favorite dish on the menu is the carne asada fries. The meat is thoroughly seasoned, and the whole dish is smothered in guacamole and sour cream. I was excited to see the cook throwing on two freaking handfuls of shredded cheddar to make it all oh-so perfect. It's $8, making it one of the most expensive eats they have, but it takes TWO people to finish it, unless you're Adam Richmond or something. The place is always sparkling clean, it doesn't look shady, and the service is kind and quick. After I order, my food is usually out by the time I finish a game on the Ms. Pacman machine in the corner.Best of all, the lobby (and drive thru!) is open 24 hours. So whether you're craving some chorizo for breakfast, or looking for a nice rich meal after a round of late night drinking, this is going to be your new spot. I extend my apologies to the countless competitors in the west valley--they've been outclassed.
3	I used to live on this side of town, and was over there, so decided to go to my favorote drive thru mexican joint.  I just love their chili rellano burritos, but this time there were so many seeds in the green chili that even after an extra strength heartburn pill, I'm still having issues.  That part is really hot, Polibertos, and easy to remove!  Take it out!  It would also help if the drive thru person spoke English.   West Phoenix is not Mexico.
4	Based upon Taric's recommendation, I visited Polibertos when I was in the neighborhood last week.It did not disappoint.I arrived around 3pm, after one of those days where you get nothing to eat because you've been so busy.  I found  Polibertos to be  very clean, staffed with friendly employees, and  about 8 customers inside eating, decent clientele, eclectic mix.I admit to having difficulty choosing what to order.   I was intrigued by the carne fries description, but this was obviously a pile o'food, and I decided that would be best ordered on another visit, when my children can help.I ordered a combo #1- cheese enchilada, bean tostada, shredded beef taco..  The meal was ready fast.  The food was really good, overall.  Taco generously stuffed with shredded beef, loaded with very fresh shredded lettuce and cheese.  The beans in the tostada were tasty  I found the red sauce on the enchilada kinda weird, not bad as in spoiled but oddly flavored- more of a matter of taste, but i will not order something in red sauce on my next visit..   Definitely give Polibertos a shot~ I know I'll be back!
5	Just so happened to be in the 'hood on Sunday afternoon, dropping my  oldest daughter off at a friend's house. Well, well, well, there's Poliberto's, and I have my partner in crime with me, my baby, closer to 11 now than 10 !  Here's my chance- I rarely order fries for myself unless I have "someone" to share them with.  Let's pull on in, shall we, for, ummm... dinner ruining snack?  Early dinner?  You decide, but we're gettin' some Carne Asada fries today!O.M.G.And my friends, I have moved my rating up to a 5.My daughter opened them in the car.  We picked at them a little.  We liked.  At the base of this massive mound of food are fries, cooked 'til crunchy.  They are seasoned well.  They are topped with a big ol' pile of cheese and massive quantities of carne asada.  Adding to the party, they are doused with sour cream and guacamole.  She found the forks.  We picked at them some more.  We joked about not having any when we got home.  We talked about going back for another container.I'd say we killed about 1/3 of these evil morsels by the time we got home.
5	My mom lives near here and I stop by on occasion.  Mom gets chile rellano a lot with cheese enchiladas.  I love chips, salsa and the refried beans with cheese.  I love cheese enciladas too.  They are clean.  I've known places like this to taste/smell of PineSol.  Glad that this one does not.  Everything is flavorful and good.  I'll go back for more.
4	Best chorizo and egg burrito I've had in a while. They actually mix the egg and the chorizo instead of merely slapping sections of egg and chorizo into a tortilla. The flavor is great too. Can't wait to try more from this shop.
5	Chili relleno burrito is a go. Bacon, egg, cheese and potatoe burrito is a weekly must have
5	The best! Tacos Mon/Tues/Wed is the best deal.  If you're around it stop in.
5	The chicken tacos are legit! The carne asada fries are the bomb!!!
4	Get the carne asada fries. Now. Stop reading this. They are open 24 hours....you can make it.  They must weigh a pound or two...great for sharing. Good horchata.
5	This is as good as it gets - for cheap, fast, fresh and awesome Mexican food.  I always have to stop at this location for a breakfast burrito with no less than 5 cups of hot sauce and a horchata.  The burrito is enough to eat on for the whole day, but the horchata is gone too quickly.  The early morning staff are always friendly guys just waiting for an order.  I think they are a little tickled to see me (a tall non-Latin lady in business clothes) ordering a honking burrito with tons of hot sauce.  So good.  So cheap.  I miss you Polibertos.  I want to open one in my area.
4	The food here was delicious. Very big servings, so it is cost-efficient . You can split the carne asada fries with 3 good appetites. (Guacamole!!) My bf got the tortas and they were amazing as well. For 15 bucks we got a huge lunch,  a decent dinner, and a soda. Not bad at all.The dinning tables could have been kept a little cleaner, but bf said I was just being picky. Haha. I probably am. Regardless, when we stop over to Glendale Ave we will be making the trip to this little Mexican gem again.
5	This is a rich mans Taco Bell, great food, family owned I think and since you gotta wait a couple minutes I'm pretty sure at least some of the food is made to order. They have a fantastic carne asada steak burrito but I mostly get the carne asada nachos with all the melted cheese, guacamole, meat and chips. It's not fast food cheap for one person (I never pay under $7) but that's why I go to the Taco Bell down the steak when I want to be cheap, but these guys...'looks right and left'...they got the good stuff man.
4	Thanks, Yelp!  I was in the area and looking for a good casual lunch spot. Polibertos came up in the app and had good reviews, so I gave it a try.  I was not disappointed - the carne asada tacos were great.
3	It wasn't to bad for a fast food place. I had the asada nachos. It was so filling I couldn't finish it all.  I feel it needed more than the sour cream, and guacamole it needed lettuce and tomatoes kinda to plain for my taste.
1	Poliberto's43rd & GlendaleCost: $1Service: 1 of 5, DISQUALIFIED BECAUSE WE GOT A BURRITO instead of a taco! Presentation: 3 of 5Taste 1 of 5, "not that great" DISQUALIFIED BECAUSE WE GOT A BURRITO! Seriously?In a taste test of 7 local taco shops, you failed to actually give us a taco the first time, and the tester wouldn't even eat the whole thing.
1	Place stunk as soon as we walked in bathrooms were a mess and the carne asada tasted old and nasty the water was nasty. Halfway through my burrito my son spilled the red salsa all over my plate and im glad he did cause there was a bug in it I spit out what was in my mouth threw everything out and left. Im sure they must have had a bad night tonight but will not be going back.
1	They always put like 3 salsas in my bag, even when I ask for extra...no forks or napkins either, I hate when you have to ask for every little thing and they look like they're annoyed when you do. And me and my girlfriends stomachs are screwed up today, I don't think it's a coincidence.
1	I stop by this place for lunch based on the Yelp reviews it had. I ordered a Carnitas combination plate. The rice and beans were very good. The pork was Tough, dry, and flavorless. The guacamole was really runny and flavorless. I have an upset stomach now. I would never eat at this place again.
5	.99 tacos, chicken and beef, and other delicious specials on Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Food is great, prepared well and great portions. Great seasonings and plenty of toppings and fillings. Great menu, good price, good service. Loved it! Thanks yelp for suggesting a great little find!
2	If I had to use 1 word to describe the food, I'd say "sustenance". I had the chicken burrito and the seasoning was non-existent, however the portion was rather large. The horchata taste like the cheap kind with a gritty texture. The service was friendly, which is why I gave 2 stars instead of 1. I was starving so this was something to tide me over and that's it.
4	I love this place! Star off for one thing: the homemade sauce needs to be mixed with ketchup IMO to make it taste right. Other than that the ground beef tacos, stewed chicken tacos and fish tacos and OMG the beans are all legit! Plus their open all day...can I get a What Whaaaaat?!?!! :D :D hehehe
4	Just purchased a Carne Asada Burrito with no pico de gallo (just guacamole and meat) and it's ridiculously good! Tastes fresh and homemade! Comfort food indeed! Usually the burrito comes with two little cups of salsa; I asked for extra and they gave me one more cup. I would understand if it were two of the medium cup sizes but they're not.
4	I think so my best things here to eat our breakfast burritos.they also have really good specials throughout the week and you can't go wrong with her combo plates.
