5	Very satisfied with this safeway. Always very friendly, helpful staff and I can always find what I am looking for. They also have a gas station out front and since I shop at safeway quite a bit I end up saving 10 cents per gallon when I fill up using the safeway card. I recommend shopping at this one, it's also right by Pei Wei so I enjoy grabbing a chicken bowl during the same visit :)
4	This is usually my go to Safeway.  I cannot say it is closest to my house because I have 3 Safeways the same distance from my home, 5.6 miles.  However, I think I like this one because it is easy to find parking and I already know the layout by heart and can get in and out in 20 minutes.
4	Very solid Safeway location at the Summit. Parking is a breeze, of course the Summit shopping center seems empty compared to everything closer to the 101. There is a Safeway gas station, located right off N. Scottsdale Rd. With Safeway gas rewards, you can save up to $1/gallon. The rewards points start over each month, so plan gas trips accordingly.
5	I have been going to this Safeway for about 5 years now.  The staff is super friendly and always very accommodating.  I hate grocery shopping, but the friendly attitude make for a great experience.
1	Slow checkout lines and inadequate staffing for checkout.  They're also very slow to call for extra checkout help.  Really, the line shouldn't be that long before someone is called to help.  They get away with this it seems because there are so few grocery store choices in this area.  Location, location, location is as true as ever.
5	This Safeway is actually really nice. The floral section is huge unlike other Safeway locations. I like how they have a red box as well. The self check out is really nice too since a lot of grocery stores do not have that option anymore. Everything is easy to find and the store overall was clean and organized.
5	I am very impressed with this store!  It's consistently clean and the staff have always been helpful and kind to me.  In each department, I am impressed by the selection of products they have to offer.  The produce department has always been well stocked for my trips, with only the exception of one occasion (due to a national lime shortage).  I appreciate that there is a bank location and a Starbucks location within the store as well, not to mention a gas station with reduced fuel prices for Safeway Card holders.  For the most part, the entire store is well lit and the products are almost always well stocked.  Overall, I think this store deserves five stars because of the quality it consistently offers it's customers.  It's no AJ's, but it's also more reasonable in price!
5	I really like this Safeway. It's huge. Very organized. New and clean. The bakery selection is huge with lots of options. But my favorite thing about this store is their meat section. It's organized very well. It's always fresh meat. When ever I cook with it my meals taste really good when I buy the meat from this store. Plus the people that work at the meat section are very helpful with ideas when I want to try to make a new recipe.
