3	Formerly known as "Sundays"  this place has really changed. They have decent food, a laid back bar, patio, and Karaoke on Wednesday and Saturday nights. (located next to Zipps on Camelback)This is a very casual restaurant/bar - it could almost classify as a dive bar -- but the drinks are too pricey for that. They have definitely moved in the right direction decor wise and they need to keep moving that way...I'm pulling for you...
2	The service was good. It was clean. And it was very, Very, VERY full of a ton of really old people.  I haven't seen this many old people in the same place at once since my last trek to Sun City.But I didn't hold the old people factor against One Eyed Dog. I like old people. I had a minor in gerontology in undergrad.  It was just a little peculiar.  On a Friday night, I felt a little like I was sitting in a nursing home cafeteria.Then I noticed that this place was supposed to be a British pub.  And their decorations seemed a bit, um, TGIBritain.  But I'm no expert on what is an authentic British look, so I didn't hold that against them either.But the food was unimpressive.  I wasn't really hungry, and I joined my guests late, so I just sampled what my husband ordered.  The wings were peculiar.  I wasn't there when he ordered, but I'm sure that he asked for the wings to be crispy.  This is the first time that I ever had wings that were too crispy.  They were dessicated.  And the sauce was adequately hot, but too vinegary, and with a peculiarly flavored vinegar.  Maybe they used malted vinegar?  I've never tasted an octogenarian, but I imagine this is what they might taste like.The few fries I tasted were like frozen french fries that I could easily make at home.  Our friend ordered the fish fry sandwich, Walleye, which he seemed pleased with.  The waitress told us that the fish fry dinner was even better with the sides.  I'll take her word for it, she was very nice and efficient.It's near our friend's place, so if he suggested it again, I wouldn't say no and I would definitely stick with the fish fry dinner.  But I won't be rushing back.
3	I came for the fish fry.  (In my native town, do not even think of ordering a burger on a Friday night; the Friday fish fry is ingrained into the culture.  I missed it.)I was told the Walleye sandwich was the best.  Meh.  It was good, but I have had better.  My dinner guest ordered the cod...similar reaction...good but not outstanding.  The pricing was average (or is it more accurate to say expected).  The service was poor; when there are few people in the bar/patio area, I expect the service to be outstanding.
4	The Mrs. had a hankering for fish & chips so we decided to try a nearby local place we'd been wondering about for a while. It was formerly another bar but not too long ago changed into an English pub. We've been in the strip mall a million times but hadn't tried it since the change or in its previous incarnation.Walking up, it looked pretty cool. They have a small patio that had a firepit (portable) outside that was lit. As it was a bit rainy & chilly, looked pretty iniviting. With the 2 small kids, we headed inside though.Inside was interesting as well. Huge circular bar in the middle of the restaurant was definitely the most prominent feature. It had a very casual vibe, TVs showing sports throughout, and posters giving it some English character. It was quite busy and the crowd was very mixed. After being there for a good while, the Mrs. & I agreed that it was an interesting place to people watch. There were a good number of seniors concentrating on their food, some super casual young folk drinking & hanging out & some middle aged folks that looked to be kind of on the prowl. Definitely had a huge local feel. The server said they have a ton of regulars. As far as the food, we did 3 orders of the fish & chips (cod). They also had a couple walleye dishes. The fish & chips were great. With the Mrs. being from Australia, fish & chips are a big thing. Totally got her approval. In recent visits to places we've really liked in the past, we've come across dry fish with way too much batter. This definitely wasn't the case. The fish was moist, mild & tasty. The batter was light but crispy. Just right. The server said the owner was from York and they make their batter the traditional way every morning. The fries also passed the Aussie test. Nice big "chips". Malt vinegar, HP & the other necessities were also available. They also had some nice beer on tap (Boddington's & Tetley's were 2 that stood out in my mind).They also had some other interesting things on the menu that we need to go back & try: Scotch egg, shepherd's pie, bangers & mash, bangers, beans & chips. No pasties or sausage rolls.All in all, it was a good time & we'll definitely be heading back.
4	CLOSED:  The One Eyed Dog is gone. Under new ownership and is now Clancy's Pub. New menu.
