4	Phoenix's first off-leash dog park, paid for primarily through private fundraising.This is a nicer-than-average dog park, with secure fencing, "mutt mitt" dispensers and waste receptacles, benches, water fountains and shade structures, with space for both large and small dogs.Improvements are still being worked on and contributions are gratefully accepted.
4	Marathon training season is in full swing, and I couldn't let a little detail like being away from Chicago get in the way of my Sunday long run. My friends recco'ed this park because it's right near where they live, and it has a path for runners/joggers/dogwalkers.Before I get into my review of the park itself, I have a serious question for Phoenix runners: HOW DO YOU DO IT? I went for an early morning run, thinking I'd beat the heat, and spent less time in my "zone" and more time looking for water fountains. Seriously, I have deep, deep respect for those of you who run in that heat on a regular basis. The great thing about this park is that there are PLENTY of water fountains. I was very happy to discover that water can be found at least every 1/8 mile, and sometimes more frequently. The fountains attached to buildings (the park office, etc.) have really cold water, too. Love.An extra bonus about the park is that there are a couple of hills. I've been craving some hill workouts recently because Chicago is super flat, and there are these two giant mounds in the middle of the park (near the playground area) which are just perfect for those. One side of each hill has stairs built into the grass, which means extra variety.I obviously went for my run sans dog, but I think this would be a perfect spot to let your best friend run around. There's a small-dog area, lots of twisty paths, and much grass for doggies to roll around on. The early morning dogwalkers I ran into seemed very friendly and nice.
2	I was so excited when I first heard they were building this dog park.  Sadly, I think they could have done better.  It looks pretty cool and has all sorts of hills for the dogs to run up and down and there's usually a good mix of dogs there.  My complaint is that the ground covering is rocks.  After tearing around chasing other dogs, my poor dog usually starts to look uncomfortable and picks up her feet a lot.  At the other parks, she'll usually sit down and relax a bit, but she's not so fond of doing that here in the deserty landscaping.  I'm totally a fan of xeriscaping and water conservation, but if you didn't wear shoes, would you want to run around on sharp rocks?
4	I really like this park a lot. I love the desert landscape in the off leash area.  When we are ready for new adventures, we walk on leash in the grassy part of the park.The park is relatively clean.  There is usually a nice mix of people and dogs at this park.  Sam really likes to play here a lot.
1	I abhor this park. I'm spoiled; we've been taking the kids to Chaparral since we foraged the audacity to let them out of the house, but still... really? This is it? It's not even a park, it's a trailhead. There have never been poop baggies stocked, and seeing another dog there is like seeing anyone with any sense of decency at Suede. Yuck. I'll stick with Chaparral.
2	The different terrain is nice, our dogs had a good time there, however there were no other dogs there! We have been there twice. No dogs either time.
2	I love Steele Indian park, but the dog park is GHETTO.  'Nuff said.
1	Ghetto!  You know, I realize we live in Arizona and grass is hard enough to grow in our ridiculously harsh climate, and having dogs trample all over it all day makes it even harder.  That being said, I have visited many dog parks with grass.  So, can someone explain to my why this dog park is 100% gravel?  I'm not even sure it's all gravel, I think there may be some needles and broken glass mixed up in there.  The place is all sorts of hilly with nasty scratchy bushes everywhere.  Our dog, Rally, did not care for this place at all.  After sniffing the perimeter, he came back and laid down next to us.  Also not a good place for people, as there is only one bench and very, very minimal shade.
1	We went for thr first time today, no dogs, but it was early and not hot yet, oh well.  People are obviously not cleaning up after their dogs and no grass, only gravel?  We won't be back.
1	This "dog park" is a joke.  Steele Indian School Park is huge and all they can offer the dogs is a small GRAVEL hill??  Dogs need GRASS...or at least dirt to run in!!  I really wish the city would move the fence so the off-leash area would include some of the large grass field that is adjacent to it so I could actually take my dog to this park to play!!
1	Nice try, but no cigar, as they say.  There's not enough shade to enjoy this park during the day most of the year.  There's no grass.  It's too small for a big dog to really run.  The trashy people that frequent it don't clean up after their dogs, so you really need to watch your step.  Worst of all, people ignore the signage and bring their un-neutered dogs into the park.  On a recent foray, the next two people to enter the park after me had un-neutered males who immediately tried to hump my spayed female.  The sign in front of the park clearly states that the city "highly recommends" only spayed/neutered pets in order to avoid aggressive behavior."  Makes me think they probably don't get their dogs shots, either.  I moved to downtown to avoid driving excessive distances, but it seems like I need to go to the suburbs to enjoy a dog park where the owners are responsible.
1	No Shade.+No Grass.+No Dogs.+No Water._________=No Fun!
1	This counts as a dog park? Really?? Its a teeny tiny gravel area with no water and no other dogs.  I've tried this dog park about three times (since its closer than Washington Park) and every time we were the only person/dog there - Pogo wanted to sniff some butts, dangit! If you insist on going to this off leash dog gravel area, it is kind of tricky to find (since it is so small and you will not see/hear any other dogs).  You need to park in the lot off 7th Street, and its in the northeast corner of the park - kind of behind Central High's football field.
2	Well, now why is this large dog park just a large basin, surrounded by a fence - so when it rains, it turns into a lake?  How did that happen?  Just filling in the muddy holes isn't going to fix this or create a dog park the central city can be proud ofLet's look at the small dog park opposite it and notice that the land is sloped and as such, rainwater drains nicely and the park can be open the day after a rainstorm.Not so, the larger dog park.  It will now be closed for weeks while we watch the "lakebed" dry up. Too bad this wasn't thought out more thoroughly by the planners.  There are so many other areas within Indian Steele Park that would have worked..Happy to have a large dog park?  Yes, I am.   But it could have been planned more carefully.Will it ever be fixed?Kona
5	It's a liitle hard to find( off a side street between VA Hospital and Central High) but well worth looking for. Plenty of room to run around. My pup made lots on new friends on the first day. We love this place!
2	Nice to see that the city has not only brought in some more dirt, but has also drilled holes to promote drainage. Well, that's something.  Thank you!
3	Now about that dirt in the dog park.  I've watched management march through the park and I knew changes were coming.  Within two days, holes were dug for irrigation and dirt was brought in to sop up any moisture.  It's been OK - I actually forgot about the dust and dirt my dog wallows in until it was a bit windy  last week - a small dust storm in the park.  So wondering if the land will ever be seeded with grass?Love having the dog park, just want to make it the best innner city dog park ever.
4	It's a real dog park now!!!!I went back to the Steele Park Dog Park after reading the more recent Yelp reviews and decided I should give this place a fifth chance...and I am glad that I did!I am happy to report that there are two large grass area fenced off for big dogs and little dogs.  This is also the hep place to be for Central Phoenix dog owners, as there were about 15 other pet parents present.Good upgrade, City of Phoenix, now let's work on that mythical Downtown Dog Park!!
4	Steele Indian School Dog Park is located in the northeast corner of Steele Indian School park. The closest entrance to the dog park is off of 7th Street between Indian School Road and the canal.The park has separate areas for large and small dogs. The large dog area is currently being renovated with new turf, so both large and small dogs are sharing the small dog area. There is grass and buckets for water, but no running water in the small dog area. I hear there is access to water in the large dog area. But, right now, you should probably bring your own water. There are shade trees and a few chairs and tables for the humans, too. Most of the owners are pretty responsible for cleaning up after their dogs. And I've not seen any aggressive dogs during the times that I've been there. The dog park near the Tempe Sports area had a lot of dog fights. This is a well-maintained dog park for anyone in central Phoenix. I definitely recommend taking your dog here for some play time. :)
3	This is a fenced, off-leash dog park. It is nice because there are two areas - one for big dogs and one for little dogs. When I went, the big dog park was closed, so people were bringing their big dogs in, but luckily it wasn't a problem.It's fairly new, so a lot of things aren't grown in yet. I don't remember many areas of shade, but there is one area with a bench to sit at. There is a good amount of running area and a gravel area with boulders for dogs who like to climb.So why the 3 stars then you ask? I didn't see a spicket where you could get water. I understand that water isn't free and that we should be responsible enough to bring water, but lots of other parks in the valley have this.Overall not a bad place to go, just bring some water!
3	Okay.This place just plain sucks.No water stations inside the park,lousy turf,almost no shade and almost no place to sit.I never know when it's going to be open or not.It's hit and miss like the reliability of a 2 bit crack dealer.Why 3 stars?Because people who come here tend not to be stark raving assholes like elsewhere and they actually let their dogs be....dogs....So if you're one of those nervous dog parents who bring your nellie ass dog to a dog park,but don't want them to behave or play like the dogs they are;or if you're one of those holier than thou anti social too good for you types,do us both a favor will ya?Just stay the fuck out of this Attica of dog parks so the real owners and real dogs can have at least this one small thing.K?
2	Well, we've been waiting since the end of April for the grand re-opening of the large dog park here - lots of excavating, drilling and new grass.  It reopened on July 5th.And now that the rains have come, the park is a muddier mess than ever before - mud and pools of water hidden beneath some thin grass.  Help!Kona loved the ankle-deep muddy waters and he and several other dogs morphed into brown muddy pachiderms, while splashing around in this mess.  We all had to shampoo our dogs that morning.Is there nothing the park folks can do?  This is a basin and will always stay wet and muddy - the grass will soon be gone again.Can we start a fund raiser and get this park graded  properly and add  water station?/Craig(owner of Kona)
5	Some type of Celtic festival today.  Music sounds awesome!Beautiful Christmas morning at the park!!Nice fenced area where large and small dogs can be in separate areas.  Be careful after a heavy rain as the large dog area tends to flood.
2	Not sure where to start with this place. There are 2 areas. Large and a small dog fenced in area. That is all this place is to me. A fenced in plot of land. This dog park doesn't seem to be run by phoenix. It is run by dog owners. Let me explain. At this park inside the fenced in area there is no water source and there are no bags for poop. Dog owners have pitched in and brought a giant bucket to fill with water. They also bring and leave grocery bags so we can pick up poop. Go dog owners! Phoenix should be ashamed to have this be one of their main dog parks. If you look around at the entire park it is huge and has nice grass. Inside the fenced in area are little spots of grass with lots of dried up mud in between. Also another problem is there are a lack of seats and shade. You have to take cover under the 2 trees and that is it for shade. The people were good, dogs were good. Park was disappointing on many levels and I won't be going back.
4	Coming from Tucson, this is about the nicest dog park I have ever seen. Spacious and grassy (such a concept!) with ample parking right outside the dog park. We've been going here for about 6 mo. now and I would generalize the owners here as responsible with their pets and the cleanup. Sure, there can be some outliers, but I always feel relaxed having my dogs here.When the big dog park floods out (how hard it is for the city to just put in a drain, I don't understand), everyone goes to the small dog park and I've never seen an issue or even a concerned small dog owner face. I can be a bit of a pain with traffic, as the parking is only off of 7th St, but otherwise there is no reason to pick anywhere else.
2	Disclaimer: I am nervous bringing my dog to dog parks, as when he was a puppy he was severely attacked at a dog park in Glendale. Very traumatic experience.We came to Indian School Park with the idea of giving this dog park a try. We came when it was cooler, right around dusk. Our dog was feeling pretty hyper so we walked him around the park on the leash, and went up and down some hills in the effort to get some energy out. When we felt he was calm enough, we approached the dog park area, not knowing the layout. We walked first past the little dog park. The dogs came to the fence and were sniffing at first, but then some little dogs got excited and started barking at him. This attracted the attention of 2 particularly aggressive big dogs, who came to the fence and started barking, too. Our dog was now being barked at from both sides (mind you, he was not barking back or showing any signs of aggression AT ALL). We were barked at the entire way around the park by these 2 big dogs. The owner only came near us towards the end, when she halfheartedly called her dogs toward her. They didn't come. If it were me, I would have gotten a toy or treat to distract them, or maybe called out a "Sorry!" in our direction. Nope. She just gave up and walked away. It was at that point we decided not to enter the park. Her dogs seemed really mean, and we didn't want to risk another attack. Which is too bad, because the other big dogs seemed nice and calm. This has been my experience with dog parks - one or several inconsiderate owners ruin it for everyone.Dog parks are for well-trained, docile and friendly dogs looking to stretch their legs and run around, perhaps making new friends in the process. It is not for ill-trained, unsocialized dogs who you are too lazy to train.
4	As with Steele Indian School Park, I'm surprised by the low rating. However, several reviews are from a few years ago, so I'm assuming they've updated the park and the dog park a lot.There's two dog parks, once for big dogs and one for smaller dogs. Both are large, with lots of grass and picnic tables for people to sit. I would bring your own bag to pick up after your dog and your own water. The big dog park tends to hold water after it rains, so it can get a little muddy, but the small dog park doesn't seem to have this issue.Really nice! I'll be bringing my dog back.
4	WOW!!! I cannot believe the bad reviews on this place! I live across the street in an apartment with two small dogs which a lot of energy. One day I looked up dog parks near me and saw there was one so close we just had to check it out. We went to the park (big dog park) not knowing that behind it there is a little dog park! So we started going to the little dog park several times a week. It is so fun for the dogs because they get to meet new fur friends and we see a lot of familiar faces too. All of the owners are very friendly and respectful about picking up after their dogs. I heard they are going to be doing some things to update it (like dog water fountains) so I'm sure it will be a 5-star with the small renovations! So happy to live so close to a great park for the dogs. Best part: they come home exhausted. :)
1	One star because I'm comparing it to the one in Scottsdale. This place is sketch-ee!!!Dimly lit, so the only dog I'd bring here is a German Shepherd or Doberman... and that's to protect me! Since I have a tiny Morkie, I pack my 9mm instead.Like most dog parks there's a big/active dog section and a little/passive section. Thanks for the signage City of Phoenix, too bad no one pays attention. Big dogs in the small dog section ALL THE TIME.Usually what I end up doing is driving here (5 minutes away) to feel it out, and then 9 out of 10 times I make the 20 minute drive to Scottsdale.One star awarded because it exists. That's about it. On a nice day it's worth walking around the area. There's a cool duck pond nearby. I'll rate that separately.
3	There's nothing spectacular about this dog park but nothing horrible about it either. It's just a half dirt half grass piece of land with a fence around it. We are from Alabama and we have a dog park that is a water park with turf and obstacles and water spouts shooting water is all directions for the dogs to play in. The photos on the reviews are mis leading. I was assuming that photos of the dog park were on here when it showed a small pond and assumed that the dogs could swim in it which is not the case. It's a pond on the other side of the entire park that dogs can not swim in but locals can fish in. Very misleading. We stayed for about 15 minutes but after that it was too hot for our dog to play anymore and there were not any water fountains for dogs to drink out of. Just old dirty buckets with no water in them.  For those posting reviews of how amazing and beautiful this dog park is, they must have never been to an actual real amazing and beautiful dog park. It's literally dirt and half growing grass. It's nice to have a place to let your dog run that's fenced in but it's nothing special. My dog is better off of a leash than on a leash so coming here was sort of a waste of time, we don't need a fence...  Was just looking for somewhere to take her to swim and it's obviously not here.
1	This park is awful. The people who come in here don't watch their dogs or don't care when fights start. There's a water fountain OUTSIDE THE PARK, very little shade, a lot of poo and very little grass. The final straw for us was when we were still outside the park and started hearing blood curdling screams coming from a woman whose corgi got an ear torn off by a bigger dog and no one seemed willing to help her. We have two big dogs who can take care of themselves and are under voice control but one of them is part pit...the type that aggressive dogs gravitate to in order to prove their dominance. We always have to keep a close eye on him. After a few visits to this park he was losing his good manners and the corgi incident gave us a good reason to drive the extra time it took to go to Mitchell Park in Tempe.
3	I wanted to try out this dog park as it is a couple miles closer than Hance. After 2 visits, I don't think we will be back. My experiences were meh. I don't like that the trash cans are in the holding area. The smell is really strong as you approach the gate and the whole place just seems less maintained. The water fountain, which is now in the park, was backed up and filled with standing water. On the plus side, there is a fair amount of trees for shade and I didn't observe any aggressive interactions.
4	This is my opinion about the park!There are two park, one for the small stinkers (Dogs) and one for the big stinkers (Dogs). I come here almost 3 times a week and it is a great place for your dogs to associate with other dogs and just let them be dogs. There are people who get too fussy over their dogs playing with other dogs and try to protect them without understanding if the dogs are playing or fighting. Some dogs do not care to play while others will play rough like my stinker, but that is fine. There is one water fountain and nice large area to walk and let the dogs play. This is for all the people who have pets and actually understand dog behavior, don't bring your pet if you can't let your dog be a dog and to other please respect the park and pick up after your dogs because the park is definitely a great place to take your dogs!!
