1	The only reason I give this 1 star is because they actually got my order right!!!  When I was sitting in the drive-thru, i noticed the guy didn't give me enough packets to suit my liking. So I ask for a specific number and, yes, he did put them in the bag. Guess who removes several of the packets!!!! The F*ing manager!!!! Not only that but I mentioned what he had done loud enough as I drove off and he heard and started laughing. I think someone needs a girlfriend!!!  Oh yeah, and we got sick from the food too!!!! yuck!
3	(cue music) Oh Breakfast Jack, Oh Breakfast Jack, you satisfy my cravings...for delicious egg and delcious cheese, along with thinly sliced meat.Seriously, Jack in the Box is boss. This spot is right of the highway on the way into Mesa, allowing my hankering for awesome to be satisfied early in the morning on the way back in from a sunrise viewing with the little dude. Standard place with the added benefit of it being warm outside!
3	Stopped off for a bite to eat after a round of golf. The staff was in confusion. We had to wait awhile before our order was ready. When I went up to the counter and asked how long, the gal apologized and said that the orders got screwed up.So I went back to my table and a few minutes later the gal came and asked what kind of milk shake we wanted, it's free because of the inconvenience.I guess I was upset enough that I don't remember what the food tasted like and if the place was clean.
3	I took my teenage children to theJack in the Box  for the very first time. Let me tell you, I got it right this time. The Brooklyn location was very busy however, not only was the customers helpful in helping the kids select food from the menu, the staff was very patient with me while they had the Homer Simpson look, DUH????   Haha, Thank for coming to Gold Canyon, and making such great food. We will be eating there again.
4	When I come home to Arizona this is always my first stop for a  meal/snack when I get off the plane!  There are no Jack in the Box restaurants in VA, so this is always a nice treat.  I've never had issues with food or customer service.  More details coming soon!
