3	This is a crazy location, since it is basically at the intersection of Bell and 101.  It can be super crowded, especially at peak times.  The service is very friendly but otherwise this is your typical IHOP.
1	Portions minuscule, Decaf cold Servers impolite and distracted - ages to wait for the bill. Brought jam rather than butter to the table. The menu selections overpriced and illconceived.
2	Crowded on a Saturday. No parking, a little dirty. NOT GOING BACK
3	Quick service. Standard breakfast food. All-you-can-eat pancakes is a huge draw for young and old alike.Happy server that gets you what you need, but moves along since it looks like they have way too many tables to be in charge of. The fresh strawberries photo on the kids menu is deceiving, you get the strawberries that are frozen in the strawberry sauce. Good enough and will probably return when my mom is craving pancakes again.
3	Good service early in the morning plus food was hot right off the grill no wait time wow
4	I was craving WAFFLES! Let's just say that when your tummy tells you, it wants something, give in. It'll save you countless calories eating other food and then having to get Waffles too. This breakfast hub is perfect for those days when you want a cup of joe and the typical American breakfast. I had waffles with ham and hashbrowns. Yums! The server was nice and helpful. The place is clean... what more can you ask for??
1	Worst dining experience in years! So upon arrival, there is a line outside so I ask my wife to get down and see what the wait is. She comes back out and says 15-20 minutes. Okay, park the truck and wait. 45-50 minutes later I'm asking the host & hostess what happened to the 15-20 minute time that we were quoted, "well there was this party of 16 that is just finishing up so..." I then let him know that if that was the case, why didn't he communicate that with us. So then he says it'll be just 5 more minutes and it was when we were seated in a dirty area. Our server brought us our drinks, but there was no silverware to stir our coffee. After we get silverware, then we fail to see our server again for a while. Running out of coffee and creamer, now we're without beverages while we wait for the food. The food comes out, but 2 people are missing their meals. 15 minutes go by before they get their food, both children, so that made them feel all warm and fuzzy. Oh yeah, ran out of coffee again. The children's food make it out and our server says that he'll take those off of the bill. When the bill arrives, he took off the least expensive meal (not the 2 that failed to show up on time), and charged us for an extra orange juice. I ask for the manager at this point and let him know that I've just had the worst dining experience in years. He apologizes and asks how he can make it right, to which I reply, do whatever is within your power. He discounted the ticket 25%. We lost over 2 hours of our day and more considering this is one of three feedbacks that I will be providing. The server said he knows the next experience will be better. There probably won't be another experience there, but I would hope that if there was one that it couldn't get much worse than that.
3	So I don't normally expect a lot when eating at IHOP, but this one isn't that bad! And it's actually quite a busy location. I made the mistake of going here to eat during spring training season - it was insanely packed and we waited quite a while to be seated. However, once we were at our table the service was good and so was the food. This IHOP is open 24 hours, which may be good to know in case I get a midnight pancake craving.
3	Good food, good service and good location.  Nothing great about the place, but nothing bad about it either.
5	Our server (David was his name) was fantastic. He was enthusiastic and friendly, tried to upsell (offered drinks vs. asking what we wanted, offered cheese on our eggs, etc.) and took the time to show us the changes to the new menu. Very helpful and cheery..honestly not what I would typically expect from a breakfast restaurant (usually the servers seem stressed and rushed). Food was good, as usual..but his service would have brought us back regardless!
5	This is one of the best 24 hour restaurants in Phoenix. It's clean, the staff are fantastic, the food was excellent, and they have free WiFi. It's worth the drive if you're looking for a decent meal in a decent location. Two thumbs up for the way this iHop handled the Christmas Day traffic of people who had nowhere else to go.
3	Stopped in for a quick bite late at night as everything else was closed.  Had a club sandwich and some fries.  It is a normal Ihop, nothing fancy.  Service was a little slow, but our food was out at a decent time.  Not many people in that late.
5	Excellent! I work nights, so finding somewhere open 24hrs is a hassle, ihop is always my go to for when I get off of work. I probably come here with my boyfriend every night around 1:30am or every other night... Food is excellent tonight! I never (and yes I mean NEVER) have any complaints. Food is HOT AND FRESH, couldn't be any happier with service & food quality/quantity/freshness. 10/10 would recommend. I'd say they need to hire more night shift people though, there's always one lady running around serving everyone at night but she is excellent & never loses patience & you'd never even know she was serving 8 other tables.
4	Late night. Okay atmosphere. Nice servers. Food wasn't fantastic this time, but that doesn't mean I won't be back. Sometimes we wait a while for service and our food, but we normally come late @ night or during busy hours so I don't hold it against them. Appetizer sampler is always good. My husband and I come often. Carpets could use a cleaning, but all and all, good experiences are had here.
3	Not a bad IHOP...but it's an IHOP.  We have included this one in our cycle of breakfast joints.  It's clean and "they" don't go there.  It's tough to get to though.  If you are coming from North 83rd or east Bell - You need to turn into the Circle K parking lot, then over to the FEDEX parking lot, cross a street and into this place.  If you are a dinosaur and drive a big blue Buick, live in Sun City heading East on Bell - no problem!
1	I had a coupon from the RetailMeNot app, buy one entree, get one of equal or lesser value free up to $9, if you buy 2 beverages, yadda yadda. Only reason we chose to go to ihop for a late dinner. My husband ordered the recommendation from our server, banana waffle, and also got eggs and bacon. He asked for medium well eggs, and mentioned they usually come out too runny, to which our server said she would 'make sure they are more medium well'. Needless to say, they were barely cooked enough to hold their shape, hardly any coloring from being cooked and my husband couldn't eat them. The waffle wasn't that great either. I ordered the SW Club. Super dry!  Once the check came and I showed my coupon, the server left to check with her manager and came back and said they are no longer accepting offers on phones, they have to be a print out. There is nothing on the offer that says this and there isnt even an option to print through the app. I guess they can get away with this because of the fine print that says the offer is subject to change withput notice. Our server was friendly, otherwise it was not a good dining experience, even for an ihop.
5	As always this brand consistently delivers.  My server Mauricio was there to please. The best brand to sample when u want solid food and consistent service. Hats off to this brand which knows how to satisfy customer needs.
5	Waiting room full of people but staff was seating people as quickly as they'd come in. Our party (of 3) was sat within 3 minutes. Server got us drinks right away, took our order and it was out in no time. My drink never got low, and an empty plate never sat on the table for more than 1 minute. Manager came around checking service and telling us about upcoming Halloween events for the kids. Very polite staff. We'll definitely visit this location again.
1	We had to wait about 10 minutes for our waitress to ask for our drink order, and even though we were ready to order our food when she brought the drinks she didn't let us. She said she would be right back and she never came back, so we left. It wasn't even busy.
