1	Being a minimalist person and not requiring cable, tivo, 3D TVs and the like, I haven't had the internet at home for years. J and I both have laptops and when you can go to a coffee shop or hop on the net at work or from your smart phone, who really needs it? Well, I'm going back to school, so I do.I went into the store and a sales rep eagerly came to ask if I needed assistance, I declared, "yes! I need home internet service" what would I be using this for and how many devices would I be connecting she asked. "2 laptops and an XBOX. We watch a lot of streaming Netflix movies and play online video games (J was so pumped he'd be able to play online again, after 3 years)." This would be perfect for you then she exclaimed, showing me the MiFi. You can connect up to 5 devices and its a sinch to hook up... only $100 with a $50 rebate and your employee discount waives activation fee and $50 a month for service. Sweeeet, I thought, so I purchased it.NEVER was a data plan discussed with me and NEVER was a data plan explained to me. So imagine my shock when I went online to check some stuff (my little sis is on my account and sometimes downloads a lot so I monitor it) my bill was already $958!!! 5 days into the cycle. Yes! 5 days in. Tears welled up in my eyes and I called J and K to stop using their phones until I got this shit taken care of. Come to find out I was on a 5gb plan and every gig I went over I was being charged $10. We were at 67gb. Verizon's largest package was 10gb. Maybe I should have asked more questions but I told the woman what we used the net for. Surfing, streaming, gaming. Why this was never explained to me is beyond my comprehension. I also told her I was not tech saavy so I feel like she took complete advantage of my naivety. The sales reps at the store made me feel completely stupid and so did the customer service over the phone. I guess they are all about profit and not customer satisfaction or education. I can not wait until my contract with these assholes expires.
1	Customer Service is greatly lacking.  I went in today having been a Verizon customer for over 10 years and today I seriously though about switching carriers.  I've had my phone for over a year and a half and it's totally stopped working.  Instead of trying to serve me as a customer I was sent to the online services kiosk and then told that I could do everything myself online.  I pay well over $150 a month and I'm wondering why because when I need customer service I get a kiosk and online.  If you're looking to become a verizon customer think really hard and then find another store to go to!
4	This location is a little different than the Verizon stores I'm used to. No check-in counter, no list of people waiting so you can see where you stand, you have to have an employee check you in, and then they will call you when it is your turn. The sales staff on the floor seemed disinterested in fixing our tech support issue, instead wanting to instead sell us an upgrade. The sales manager, though, was more than helpful! He completely solved our problem, and turned two unhappy customers into satisfied ones.
2	well, i've yet to see if they actually solved the problem with my phone.. so maybe i'll up a star if it works. but the experience was pretty "eh" at this verizon store.i came in with a memory problem on my phone - it was saying there was no available space when there was next to nothing taking up the space to begin with. the sales associate suggested i try a software update, which of course, i couldn't do because of the lack of space. so then she suggested a factory reset. (i'm really hoping this works considering the phone started doing this even after it was relatively new so i'm not quite sure how resetting it will solve the problem anyway...) and while it was resetting, she proceeded to flirt with an ex-employee who happened to stop by.the associate was friendly enough, but didn't seem particularly knowledgeable. now, this is the first time i've been to this store, so it may be just that particular employee but it didn't reflect well on my visit.
2	Welcome to Verizon. Have a seat.Custmer service waits are extremely long even at off times,  The two stars are earned SOLELY by the staff who, while overworked and likely underpaid were quite attentive and polite.
3	Honestly, going here on a Saturday night was a completely normal experience. Beau was looking for a case for his phone- and while we left empty handed, it was not crowded and someone helped us the second we got in the door. No complaints here.
