4	My Sister's Attic is related to My Sister's Closet.  I have only taken furniture, paintings, housewares, stuff like that here to consign- not purchased anything although I always want to buy stuff here.  It's consignment.  SO you will get your money, after it sells.  It's like a higher end garage sale.... you can find some really great stuff.  I recommend it for anyone who wants to sell there nicer stuff and get meaningful money back.
4	Consignment... fantastic. It's a step up from a used furniture store. It's two steps up from a thrift store or a pawn shop. It's three steps up from a garage sale. The prices reflect all of this, but it's still pretty reasonable. Sellers - as long as you didn't buy the ugliest couch in the world and you didn't let your dogs hump on it, then it'll probably sell here. They will look at your furniture first before allowing you to bring it in so you aren't wasting anyone's time. You can even bring in a picture and a pillow if that's easier. In fact, you can even email a photo to them that they will go by. If it sells, they will give you anywhere from 45 to 55 percent of the money collected. To find out if it has sold, you can call. For security reasons, they won't give out much information over the phone, so you must bring in your paperwork to even ask how much it sold for. This is pretty annoying and inconvenient - they should do email notifications at least - but you can go into any location to get this information at least.I got the impression that they will let you set your own price, but typically they will price your items for you. Good. Compared to what you would probably get for them if you sold them yourself on your driveway, you're going to be happy (even when you realize you're only getting half the amount they set). They will also sometimes come pick up your items if you need help. Buyers - the store is laid out pretty well and they seem to only take quality items that would sell, so you won't find a bunch of ugly donated junk. Some of the items are out of date, but still in good shape. You're probably not going to find some grossly under priced antique that you could flip at an auction, but if you need to fill up a room in your house - it's a good place to shop. Weekends seem to be busy for them, so I imagine their stock changes constantly. You're going to be paying higher prices than you would at garage sales or thrift stores, but the prices here are flexible and you're definitely saving money over buying new.
2	It's small crowded and hard to navigate. Not everything has a price tag that is easy to spot. They have some nice pieces , however the place has no personality. I literally felt like I was in a cramped attic. The pieces are for the most part priced close to what I would offer so I want complain about the prices. Still the pieces for what they are asking I would expect to be cleaned up better than they are. How about washing out some drawers and putting a little elbow grease into making these pieces look like they want out of the attic? A little oil, a bit of polish, a scrape filler here and there, give me a little effort for my money before I hand it over. The other thing that gets me is that they have 4 locations. This sucks. If your consignment I really don't want to shop four stores in three parts of the valley in for things. This is one time a large location like UFO on 16th  got it right,
2	My Sister's Attic Doesn't Want my Mother's Curtains.I could not wait to get home to write this review. Despite their catchy billboards ("Sell your sole"), and the poor man on the side of 20th and Camelback holding a sign that said "Up to 90% off retail prices", I was disappointed with the overall experience at My Sister's Attic, as well as the prices. I've been there before, usually just to browse and see if they're recently obtained anything from anyone with really good taste (like mine, of course). This time was different, though. I went with a purpose. My mom had these cute curtains that I must have complimented her on the last time I was in Florida, because wouldn't you know just a couple months after my visit, she sends me a package with the curtains. It's not that I don't like them, it's just that right now I don't really have anywhere to put them. So, after much deliberation about the moral soundness of trying to make some cash off of a gift (hey, I'm unemployed right now. Go easy on me), I decided that I would take them to My Sisters Attic. And if you tell my mom about this, I will deny, deny, deny. I looked around a bit, and then headed over to the counter with my bag o' curtains and waited for help. And waited a bit more. Soon, a blond woman walks toward the counter with some crystal pieces in her hands. She looks at me and smiles. And keeps walking. She proceeds to a shelf at the front of the store where she puts the crystal ware on a display and continues to ignore me. Using my best shot at ESP, I start to wonder if there's a different counter for taking in items as opposed to selling them. Yup. Right there tucked away in the back corner of the store, with a sign on an 8  1/2 x 11 piece of paper identifying it as the "intake" area. There were two older ladies behind the counter there discussing some items as I walk up. But don't worry, because they didn't let my presence interrupt their conversation. Finally, I interrupt and ask if they took curtains, to which they said a gruff "no" and went right back to their business. I interrupted again to ask if they knew of anywhere else that might take curtains, only to be met with the same response. Of course. I did notice some cute items while I was waiting around for help, but looking at the prices, I wasn't too impressed. Outside, they had a set of three barstools for upwards of $200, and I saw some cheap looking nesting tables inside for I think $50. They looked like they were bought at Ikea for probably less than that. Anyhow, after my experience with Thing One and Thing Two, I wasn't much in the mood for shopping. So I left the store, and on my way out I couldn't help but shoot a snarky "Thank you!" at the first useless woman who didn't help me. Then as I passed her I competed my thought under my breath, "...for nothing". The only reason I gave this place any stars at all is because they do have some cute things, although pretty overpriced, from what I could see. Also, they had a pamphlet on the counter (that would be the check-out counter, not the intake counter) on the Arizona Humane Society. I don't think any percentage of their proceeds actually go to the Humane Society. Another redeeming aspect, though: their website says that if items don't sell after 60-90 days, they are donated to non-profit foundations that benefit homeless pets and women's groups. And yes, you can get a receipt for Uncle Sam.
1	The employees at the Lincoln and Scottsdale store are rude and dishonest.  I took  photos of a kitchen table to the store to inquire regarding the store's interest in consignment..  I was told that the store would take the item. After loading the table into my  truck and delivering it to the store, an older employee (possibly the store manager) said that he was NOT interested in the table.  I showed him my photos and pointed out the individual who had told me to deliver the table.  He basically said "too bad" and good bye.  I will never again attempt to utilize the "services" of My Sister's Attic.
1	I don't get it. I see all the buses and billboards, so they MUST do something right. I've given this locations a hand full of times, and no one has ever acknowledged my existence. It seems like a lot of super dated pieces... thrift store finds at boutique prices. I've not ever enjoyed my experience there, and don't know that I'll subject myself to this location again.
5	I LOVE this store!  I went through it item by item when I was on an extended visit from Seattle last summer and told them I felt like having furniture shipped home.  I am now going to re-locate in the Phoenix area and rather than haul all my furniture down, I am going to re-create my world via this store!  Beautiful things that do not look used and good prices!  If you are looking for junk do NOT shop here, LOL!!Thank you for your existence!!
4	Great place to take old furniture. Also, they have some cool used stuff, if you're looking. Customer service was good, as well.
2	Brought several items into store in April, 2014.  They never inform you of any sales, you must stop in and inquire. the website and email mentioned in their brochure do NOT respond to any inquires. After checking sale inventory monthly, now I told that except for a few dollars in sale monies, they have "donated" one of my items and my inventory is all gone.  where? donated to whom?  what a screwed up method of trying to collect your monies.  get some high schools to design a system.  They can't figure out how to notify you via email when there is a sale??   SELLER BEWARE
