1	Was there awhile back. Food was just average. However the reason for my 1star review-   On my way out i ordered a piece of chocolate cream pie to take out.   When I got home I opened the box and inside was a dried up piece of pie.   Literally.  I put my fork into the whipped cream and the entire whipped cream came off in one piece.  Underneath the chocolate was dried and cracked.  It was the consistency  of something that sat for 2 weeks in an arid place.   Im not making this up.  The pie had to have been a couple of weeks old.  What bothered me though was that waitress HAD to have known the pie was old.  The staff HAD to have passed it several times over the weeks.  I was floored.  I threw it out cause it was too late to drive back there.  Da did they think I wouldn't notice!  Will never go back there because that wasn't just a mistake.   They didn't want to loose money so they sold me it to instead. And they are famous for their pies.   What a laugh
2	Walked in and sat down, waiting to be seated with my wife. The manager, or whoever was seating people, came half way over to us and said, "welcome to village inn. How many in your party?"I'm sure this is what he's supposed to say but he said it extremely rudely and without a smile. When I told him we had two and wanted a booth, he dismissively and, with a tinge of anger, said he'd have to wipe a booth down first. I told my wife, "let's go," and we went to paradise valley burger across the street. I'm so tired of crappy customer service. If you get a customer service job, smile and be kind to your customers. It's literally THAT EASY. P.s. The two stars are for how the food usually is... I actually kinda like the V.I.B :)
2	Let me start off by saying that I love Village Inn; I have always have and I probably always will. But this is the first time I've received horrible service. I called to put in a to-go order and at first the girl who answered was nice. But she put me on hold 3 times while I was trying to place my order so I had to keep repeating it. Then she hung up on me. I called again and this time a guy answered, I told him what happened, and he apologized for it and took my order. I ordered a Turkey Bacon Avocado Melt with no red onions. I should have checked the order when I picked it up but I didn't, so now I know in the future to do that. When I get home my sandwich has no avocado, no tomato, but it has red onions. I get that people make mistakes but this is a pretty big mess up. I called to complain and the girl who answered said "Oh, I'm sorry. Can I put you on hold?" No, you can't. Definitely won't be going back to this location.
5	Had a great breakfast! Restaurant was clean. Food was perfect! Best of all was the service! Amy served us, she was great! Checked on us often and was very personable, not just for a good tip either.
