5	Small place only opened M-F 7am-2pm...But what a great burger, order to go. The people are great and the food is awesome. One of the best burgers I have ever had in Charlotte.
5	Don't expect a fancy-schmancy burger place.  It's literally a one-room house, with no sitting.  You can eat at the counter inside, or stand at the not-quite-tall-enough-to-be-a-counter outside under the shelter.  Simple burgers, and price includes all the way (mustard, onions and chili), with small change for extra toppings.Two thumbs.
4	Brooks is that hole in the wall, off the beaten path Mecca.  There is no accidently finding it, you have to be going there.  It is a tiny  walk up counter, pretty smoky from the exhaust.  Simple breakfast items, burgers and dogs. Everything is wrapped in that heavenly white paper.  No tables and chairs, only one long table outside. A very fun visit to fulfill the chowhound in you. Brooks is one of those special places that you need to go at least once.Cash only, closes 2p in the afternoon.
4	When my photo studio was in the Highland Mill, I ate a TON of burgers and breakfast sandwiches from Brooks. Definitely in the top 4 places for burgers in Charlotte!  The standup outdoor eating is different and promotes conversation and cross-class/cultural understanding as people from all walks of life rub elbows and cant help but chat each other up.  One of the Queen City's great institutions!
4	This place is pretty great and gets even better when you have a hangover!! Bacon Egg and Cheese on a roll (potato) is pretty freeking good!! Just the right amount of Bacon with just the right amount of Grease!! I have also had the Hot Dogs which also can do no wrong in my eyes!! Perfectly cooked with just the right amount of CRUNCH!! Burgers are great too!! The interior is very small I have always taken my food to go, but they do have picnic tables outside. Do expect a crowd around early lunch time but not to worry the lines move quick! Only bummer about this place is the hours- wish they were open 24hrs just for those nights when you've been out drinking and all you really want is a Bacon Egg and Cheese!!! A girl just wants what she wants, when she wants it!!
4	Please consider this an apology to all the vegetarians and vegans around the world...sorry...but...I love bacon. Crispy bacon with the perfect amount of salt and crunch...but not too crunchy of course. Oh, and a touch of grease please. Now, I don't eat bacon too often but for some reason I had an insane hankering for a BLT the other day when I was driving around NoDa. And then the light bulb flickered in my little head...Brooks...Sandwich...House. This unassuming little house is simple - a counter, a few friendly employees and cash only. I ordered my BLT, paid the $3 and change and went on my merry way. The bacon was cooked to perfection and the sandwich was the exact no frills option I was seeking. And hey, those breakfast sandwiches look pretty delightful, too. Now I'll need to make my way back here (very soon) to dive into a burger...I hear they're fantastic...thanks, Brooks!
5	I wouldn't normally give 5 stars to any place, but I've had a lot of burgers and nothing beats Brooks. Order yourself a cheeseburger all the way (southern style: cheese, onions, chili, mustard) and be prepared for the most delicious mouth-gasm ever.Their hours are weird, they only accept cash but it is worth going out of your way to eat here.
4	This review is only based on one visit, but I think its safe to say i'm a fan. Finally visited the red sandwich house, after driving by it a couple of times always wondering why all those people were outside!With very limited hours it took me a while to get down here, as I don't work in the area, but thankfully a day off during the week enabled me to grab a bite! Very small little 1 room "house". No frills, what you see is what you get. They have a flat top, deep-fryer, toaster oven to warm buns, a few heat lamps to keep fries hot, and that's about it. Walk in (if there is room), place your order, wait a few mins, pay and leave happy. Very basic food, burgers, dogs, sandwiches, and some good breakfast stuff from the looks of it as well. I had a bacon cheeseburger, and it was great. Perfectly juicy, with that little bit of flat-top crustiness. And to top it off, its all super cheap. Can't wait to get back for another burger!
5	I am not a food snob-really. Beer, yes; food...I'll slum it. Brooks is the best, bar NONE, burger joint I have been to since I left NYS 9 years ago. Yee-HAW!A friend brought me there to experience what he called a regular meal-stop over the course of 30 years, and so I could share it with my other half on his next visit- and we SHALL go here again!!!Service was friendly and social. Burgers were awesome. Atmosphere brought back fond memories of home- for those of you from the Hudson River Valley in NYS- think Red Rooster in Brewster, but BETTER, albeit no miniature golf!Brooks is basically a walk-up version of a drive-through, except the food is far better. No cardboard patty served on a cardboard bun here!!! Sides are great and the chili??  Oh.My.GAWD!Gonna eat here more.
4	Brooks is tiny, hidden and absolutely freakin' delicious.For a mere $4.75 you too can enjoy a thick, tasty cheeseburger and a bag of substantial (both in length and girth) fries. Generally, I'm not a fry picker but by the time I got back to work I had picked away at least half my fries. Yes, they were a tad cold, but so what? The burgers were crisp on the outside and full of flavor. I love that they shred their lettuce and onions so you never end up with one little thin slice of lettuce or a bite that only tastes like onion.The owners are super friendly, but in a way that doesn't slow the service. (You can't afford to when your waiting area is smaller than some closets.) Watch out waistline, there is a new choice on my regular lunch rotation and it's Brooks for burgers.
4	This is an awesome experience if you ever want to have a burger like you have never ever had one before. The flavor just explodes in your mouth. There will definitely be a party in your mouth and tummy if you go to this place and eat.
5	Stopped by Brooks on a recent visit to Charlotte to renew my long love affair with this great Charlotte eatery.  The area I now live in has their share of good, old school burger joints, but not the awesome divey-ness of Brooks.  And the great prices are just the bonus to the tasty food.Not much to say that other reviewers haven't said so well.  Just go, and bask in the glow of a fried bologna sandwich with all the trimmings or a loaded chili burger.  Adding chili to everything is the law here....it's a perfect topping for most every sandwich they offer.My only wish would be to clone Brooks and drop it in my neighborhood.
4	You really have to make it a point to find your way to Brooks. You will not pass it on your way somewhere else, as this little road goes almost nowhere else - and those places it does lead are generally much simpler to get to if you take the more easily traveled routes. Perhaps Robert Frost was inspired by Brooks when he wrote about the diverging roads in his famous poem, but we may never know.Whatever the case, if you do find yourself here, by chance or on purpose, the small cinder block building has only one way in and one way out - and it is quite possible there will be a line during the small window of opening hours (none of which happen during dinner, so don't get your hopes up).Those who like an open kitchen are in luck, because you can see everything that goes on here - just look over the counter and you can see the grill as your food is prepared, plated (well, bagged) and served to you, and you can step out. There is not really any place in-house to eat, but you can pull up a picnic table outside to partake if that is your style. Like other to-go establishments, you likely won't get the same experience if you are going far to eat, so it's probably worth doing so. The other option is eating in your car, but if you try that, you might need to look up dry cleaners as well. Maybe auto detailing too.
5	If you like $10 hamburgers then stop reading now! If you are a health food nut, move on. If you like really good burgers and dogs with the best chili I have ever tasted, this is the place. This place is literally a hole in the wall, but you will find people from all walks of life standing in line. Their chili is one of a kind. It is very dry, not tomato based, lots of black pepper, very unique and delicious. They also serve breakfast, not bad but lunch is better.
4	Charlotte institution. Fries are mediocre but the burgers are top notch. Make sure to get it with chili and bring cash.
5	THE BEST CAROLINA CLASSIC BURGER ON PLANET EARTH! - Ridiculously small restaurant: SRO.- Take-out only. - CASH ONLY. - Hours: PLEASE NOTE: Brooks is only open from 7:30 AM until 2:00 PM. They lock the door at 1:00 PM, but the tiny take out window, to the left of the entrance is open until 2 o'clock PM. I found this out the hard way.....- Seating: There are no seats inside or outside the restaurant. There are elevated communal wooden tables in the shade of trees. - Parking: There is a generous amount of parking in their gravel lot. - Conclusion: Their ATW burgers are SERIOUSLY good! - PS: One time, after returning back to work, I took a ruler and measured the thickness of the hamburger patties, AFTER being cooked. One burger was fully one inch thick and the other burger was 7/8" - amazing. - PSS: Ordering their burger "all the way," is the ONLY way to get the maximum goodness of mustard, chili, and onion atop their THICK, hand formed, never frozen, hamburger patties. - PSSS: If Brooks would put CHILI CHEESE FRIES on their menu, they would make a fortune. Their fries are normally super crispy, skin on, and salty. Their homemade chili is out of this world. Top this with a liberal application of Velveeta  or Cheese Whiz melted cheese. You could sell these for $3 per container, as fast as you could make them. One could pick up some chili cheese fries, an ATW burger, and head one mile down the road to NODA Brewing for a beer or three. That would be a great beer/food combination - not necessarily healthy, but definitely delicious.
5	I found this place because of their ranking as the best burger in Charlotte. I do need to say that it is a great burger, but it's a great burger because of it's bare-bone, quick service attributes.  I personally love this place; however, I do have to point out that the hours they are open makes it very difficult to partake in this phenomenal burger.
5	The burgers, hot dogs, and fried bologna are all awesome.  The fries are lacking, but I just get the main menu items because most of them cost about the same price as the fries so that works out nicely.  The service is also awesome and the fact that it is owned and run by the family (brothers and sister) makes it even better.Sadly they are only open on the week days so I don't get to eat here often, but when I do it is always a treat.
5	I'm kicking myself now that I found this place because I've been working in NoDa for 4 years and could've been eating these burgers all along...better late than never I guess! I instantly fell in love with Brooks because I love Hole-in-the-wall type places and this is definitely one of those. From my experience, when you take away all the unnecessary frills, you are left with something delicious and cheap, and that is really all that matters in life. I've had their chicken sandwich, fries, and burgers, and the burgers are by far the star. I always get them with cheese all the way, which includes mustard, onions, and their homemade chili for $3.50. One of the things I love most about their burgers, other than the taste, is the fact that although they do pack a large amount of chili in there, it is not a complete disaster when you eat it and you can actually safely eat them while driving! (layer some napkins on your lap for extra insurance!)It sucks that we can't eat their burgers 24/7, but I respect the fact that they're a family owned business and need to take some time for themselves.
4	This. Place.I can't believe I've lived in Charlotte for 5 years and somehow hadn't wandered over to Brooks'. It's perfect casual location for a take-out lunch with friends.I looked on Yelp to make sure we were all talking about the same place. Greasy, happy food in paper bags-cash only. Yep, that's the one.We arrived and I was immediately overcome with the aroma of sizzling beef. Vegetarian or not, you can't argue with that smell. It's divine.One of my dining partners, a MD, is a regular, and I heard shouts of, "Hey, Doc!" and realized the owners have a personal relationship with their customers. Something I truly appreciate.Having perused the menu ahead of time, I found that there aren't really any overt vegetarian options, but I didn't let that dampen my enthusiasm. I opted for an off-the-menu grilled cheese with tomato. No balking by the staff, and I think my sandwich was sublime. Coupled with fresh, nicely salted fries and a canned soft drink, it left nothing to be desired.What I appreciated about the grilled cheese is that it was served on a hamburger bun, but was pressed almost like a cuban sandwich...so the edges were crisp and held up well to the potentially soggy tomato situation.Once we received our orders, labeled in small paper bags, it was out to the covered, long, standing picnic table just outside the door. I love the communal dining aspect of the experience and the opportunity it afforded to enjoy a lunch while standing and chatting with my friends.One of the twin brothers stepped outside to share a joke with our party. Super southern, super kind. They're open for breakfast and lunch, Monday through Friday, and appear to have a large, fiercely loyal following. Apparently their chili is a big deal. So go try Brooks'. Take along a few friends, a $20 and some TUMS. You'll leave happy.
5	Simply amazing food.  Every time I go to this place I'm surprised.  These guys are doing burgers RIGHT.  The meat is great, and the fries are always perfect, but I think the best part is the hot yellow mustard they put on the burgers!  Make sure you bring cash!
4	You really can't beat the price at Brooks. It is definitely a unique experience for any burger lover. Grab your cash (cash only) and make sure it's the middle of the afternoon on a weekday (limited operating hours) and call your order in ahead of time if you don't want to wait too long. Brooks is a teeny tiny little spot - once you enter it almost reminds you of a under-the-tent church cookout or something along those lines. You will be squeezed in with a bunch of hungry patrons and be prepared to eat outside or take it to go as there is zero room to eat inside. Now all of these stipulations to eating do not in fact make the experience more aggravating- in fact, it is quite the opposite. You can't help but feel the excitement in the air, and perhaps a bit of drool on your arm thanks to the guy smushed next to you.Regardless, your burger will be juicy, tasty, and cheap!  I recommend the cheeseburger all the way (onions, mustard, and chili)!
5	Chili Dogs "All The Way" here are pretty quintessential "carolina style" and not to be missed.  Add slaw for a twist.  The burgers are also perfect.
5	The chili cheeseburger is phenomenal!! The place is a hole-in-the-wall but its a must try!! They only accept cash and there is no seating. There is a big picnic table behind the restaurant (beside the trash cans), and its not uncommon to see white collar and blue collar workers enjoying a classic American burger at this table. During lunch, the line wraps around the building. If you love burgers, you have to try this place.  They also make an excellent sausage sandwich for breakfast.
5	Brooks Sandwich House. You can throw all of the expected dopey descriptors in their direction, should you feel so equipped to do so -- "A true, American classic!" "The BEST burger in all of Charlotte!" "A real staple, by golly!" ......whatever. Pick your favorite. My take? It's the shining star in a sea of dying breeds for truckers, blue collar, and white collar alike. It's the kind of place, on the local level, that you want to have memories of. You need to experience a burger wrapped in paper and eaten at the dirty, standing room-only, picnic tables. You need to experience the "line" during the lunch rush. It's a timeless favorite. Would you know about Brooks from reading some hip, haute cuisine magazine? Absolutely not. You're either going to stumble across the reviews and hear about how it's a stellar burger stop with great fries or your friend's grandma's church member's daughter used to go when she was a kid and you have to try it. It's a dive and it's utterly perfect. My only regret is that I didn't get my burger all-the-way -- chili, onions, and mustard. That sounds like heaven. Do yourself and everyone else a favor and go have your own experience at Brooks.
5	I thought about how good that fish sandwich was all day. It was big enough, but I think next time I will just order two... Cause I'm 'Merican.
4	You know how long I've been wanting to try this place?!  LONG OVERDUE!  Finally I got to try the famous Brooks burger last week for lunch. My $3.50 cheeseburger all-the-way (onion, chili & mustard, I asked for slaw on top of it at no extra charge) was well worth every penny. The single pattie was grilled to a slight crisp on the outside but retained a good balance of juicy meat flavor with a hint of seasoning. Everything else added on made it a filling portion (at least for me). The menu board was short and sweet, the only side item was fries basically... which wasn't anything special.  The whole eating under the outdoor hut/shed structure standing up along a wood slab table with everyone added to the experience. There will be many Brooks lunch outing in the future... I may have to give other items a try.Tips to eating at Brooks:1.Don't wear white... or anything light color, especially if you doing all the way southern style.2. Lettuce and tomato cost extra, but seriously, stick with chili and onion and slaw... you're in the South, enjoy the perk3. May not be a bad idea to bring some wet naps4. As you may know already, CASH only, so bring them
4	Had lunch here today for the first time.  Reminded me of burger joints when I was younger in my hometown.  No frills, cash only, all totals come out to an even dollar.  Cheeseburger all the way, mustard, onions, and chili.  I'll go back, especially when I feel homesick.
4	I finally had a chance to check out Brooks last week. Wow! Not only can I not believe I've never been here but I'm surprised that I'd never even heard of this place until recently (That statement makes me sound like I should know everything and I don't...not even close, but still.). As others have said, it's not a place that you will just casually pass by. You have to know where you're going to find it. Glad I did. I got the chili cheeseburger w/ fries and a Cheerwine. Not only tasty but filling. Yes, I would say they have some really good burgers but more importantly I would say that this is a place people have to experience just to say they did. It's a throw back to simpler times where you find extremely loyal customers clamoring to a local tradition. Consider me apart of that now!
4	I've had Brooks bookmarked for quite some time after seeing it profiled on some Food Network or Travel Channel show on great burgers and finally found myself in the area and hungry.The building is small and all orders are to go where you can eat them standing up at wooden tables outside if you want to stay on premises.  Not sure how long Brooks has been around but there was a sign inside thanking customers for 40 years of support.  Thing is, the sign looked like it had been there for 40 years so lets just say, they've had staying power!It's a very limited menu with mainly burgers and dogs and they do serve breakfast sandwiches in the morning.  Liver mush and egg sammie anyone??  I got the burger I saw on the show which was a cheeseburger ATW which at Brooks means chili, mustard, slaw and chopped onions.  The burger was a fat patty of clearly fresh beef and the sandwich as a whole was outstanding.  Best burger ever?  No, I make those at home but, still damn good and really cheap.  This is clearly one of those local institution type joints and I have a special place in my heart for mom and for pop.  Am very glad I came to Brooks!
4	And finally it was my turn to try this place.  As soon as I entered I recalled that I had actually been here before but it was years ago and I think actually ran by a different set of owners....not sure though.I had the bacon cheeseburger and it was mouthwatering good.  I loved every bite of it.  To rank this the number one burger joint in the area isn't a large stretch but I have to say it's a different kind of burger, yes delicious, but not creative, etc.  Meh, that's fine with me but just so you know.  Standing room only and cash only!
4	There's a reason why this place has been voted Charlotte's best burger year after year. No frills. No board telling you where your fries came from. No secret menu. Just a counter and great burgers served up Carolina style (chili, mustard, onions). The prices are amazing and you can't beat the taste. Don't worry about finding a seat because Brooks is take out only. There are some picnic areas to eat outside, but you will find many patrons taking in the great taste of the real Brooks brothers in their car. Don't miss one of Charlotte's best greasy landmarks.Biggest tip is that it is cash only. If you didn't make a trip to the ATM machine, there is one in the ordering area.
5	The building is a little worn down but the burgers are outstanding! Easy 5/5! Just remember to bring cash, they don't take card.
4	It's the type of joint you really root for. You want them to succeed and don't want them to sell out. Ordered the cheeseburger "all the way," (w/chili) fries and a sweet tea (anytime Uncle Si has one in his hand, I just crave it). I think we both agreed that the burger could have been seasoned a bit more, even with the chili. The fries were ok. The value, though, was GREAT. I would bring some handwipes with you if you eat in your car like we did. The staff is really nice and friendly, huge plus!
5	This place serves up an excellent burger, and equally excellent hot dog, and the FFs are no slouch either. This is a takeout only, hole in the wall place, kind of buried on a side street in a Charlotte neighborhood off North Davidson.We tried 2 cheeseburgers ($3.50 each), one with L,T, & Mayo, and one ATW with M, C, & O. Both were out of sight good, but the ATW burger was a little better - as good a diner style burger as you're gonna find in the state - up there with PB's in Winston, Char-Grill in Raleigh, and Wimpy's in Durham.The Hot Dog ($2.00) is also as good as it gets in a classic Southern Chili dog - great tasting, meaty chili, decent wiener, and a good bun. This is as good as Green's here in Charlotte, and just a smidge behind PB's. The FFs ($2) were very, very good. Will definitely try the Chili Cheese Fries next time (they go foe $3.75)The have barbecue on the menu, but just in the fall, I was told. Darn!These are world class burgers and hot dogs, and at these prices, they are beyond a value meal. Not coming back is not an option
5	Old school,  good 'ol boy,  greasy dive with good food.   Think Price's Chicken Coop except they serve burgers, dogs and awesome breakfast sandwiches.  I generally order egg, cheese and livermush sandwich and when really dropping my guard top it with their homemade chili (why are the good things soooo very bad for you?).  Way under $5 with a large coffee.   Lots of local flair, interesting staff and strictly cash only.  Take out only (suggest you eat under the shade tree on the wooden trough.  You might make a friend,  too).  Closed on the weekends.
5	This is where you get to go when you die and are a good person. This is also where you get to go for lunch of you are willing to stand in the line and have CASH. Be patient. It's worth it. This burger (don't F it up - get it all the way with slaw like a real American) is a religious experience. Do you hear me? This is like way beyond Jesus on toast - get that out of your mind. I would be so happy to sit on the ledge outside every day in the rain and eat this burger. If you said, "hey Amber, High end steak house or Brooks for lunch today?" I would be all over that plain white bag. Warning: you can only eat Brooks like once a week tops. It will kill you. But that might not be a bad thing as it is truly heaven on earth.... for $5. Seriously tho.... do this.
2	Got a cheeseburger all the way with chili. The chili is a joke and the burger I can get anywhere. 6.50 for a burger small fries and a can of coke was pretty insulting. The fact it was voted Charlottes best burger makes me question the taste of Charlotte. I would not mention eating here to anyone.
4	This is a must stop at least once kind of place.  It was a great burger $3.50 with cheese.   Limited menu but what they do they do well.  If your in Charlotte you have to make the Brooks pilgrimage at least once.
5	Such a generous and friendly staff!  Family owned and operated, this is what small business is all about!
5	What a great little dive. It's so simple and perfect.  I was looking for something greasy to settle my hangover and Brooks didn't disappoint.Got the burger all the way with chili, mustard and onions.  The chili really made this thing.  I thought it was seasoned better than the burger.  Tried ordering the chicken filet, but they were 89'd so I went with the fish sandwich.  I added tomato and lettuce with a side of tartar sauce, which put it all together.  I enjoyed this one as well.This place has been around for a while and you can see and taste why.  Can't wait to stop in again and try their Carolina dog!
