1	On my last night in Las Vegas before leaving for college, two of my friends took me here for a farewell of sorts (or maybe they just like to see me horribly uncomfortable?) At the door, a greasy troll checked my ID, and said, "Just turned 18!" with a nasty smirk that made me wince before letting me in.This place is no Good Vibrations, folks, but it is a Vegas institution. So if you find yourself in the 702 in need of smutty mags or a ginormous dildo, this is the spot.
3	Ok I can't decide. Do I want the glass dildo with the matching glass butt plug. Or the beaver with rotating beads and hovering hawk? This place is a pornucopia if pleasure. Sure if you wanna get off on the 1000's of videos and dvds from Seymour Butts/Dirty Debutantes, Pirates, and then some. It's kinda funny because it's a BIG PLACE. I mean how much sex can one get. Yea they got the swings, the tickler, the penis pickler, straight sex stuff, billy the anotomically correct large nut biker doll, gay sex, trans sex, I mean I wouldn't be surprised if there was a secret room with the farm animals. You got the Bargain rack of dvds with the 8 hr porn fest of not so good looking girls. Even pregnant fun and milking milfs - So stuff you can download online for free for a quick fix....or you can just hang out here. Take a quick mental picture and run to your car. Yea girls here...some are cute. Guys here...Uhm mostly creepy...eewww..
3	I gotta love this superstore, only because it always seems to have something for those folks that are so hard to shop for! Apparently it should be obivous to what kinds of friends I keep! ;)I found this place to be slightly overprices on stuff like t-shirts and lingere, but their toy selection is simply the best. Plus when you get your credit card statement in the mail, they don't even mention anything about it being an "adult" store in the title, how's that for shady?
2	Lot of choice but the shop is kind of oldie inside... I will say is not my favorite shop to spend the night in Vegas.
3	I'm not sure why they call it the Superstore. I mean yes...it's quite large but I find it slightly more expensive than Deja Vu and the atmosphere is very cold, dirty, and blah. My friend might object...she bought over $200 worth of stuff from here once, but if I had time I would have brought her to another store that was more fun and playful rather than going to a costco-like warehouse to buy these types of toys.
4	A nice find for a nowhere area in Las Vegas.  A fair number of customers inside mid-day, and a surprisingly good selection of toys and whatnots. Prices were comparable (California Exotics is pretty much priced the same anywhere you go) and some toys that I hadn't seen before, especially the "partner" toys. I even think there was an upstairs area that had clothes and lingerie, but I can't remember now. The magazine selection wasn't all that great here, but the bedroom play items were plentiful. We're so down to get those sheets with the built-in wrist/ankle cuffs that were advertising on the TV! Next time we rent a car in Vegas, this stop is a must!
5	Lots of adult items to keep the hibbidy dibbidy fun and interesting. A nice clearance section. Expansive DVD sectionIts bright and well lit. And the private theater's are upstairs which is great for couples. Ill leave it at that lmao.
3	This place is alright. It's got the basics for sure, but ya know.. all the lingerie pieces have a stale cigarette smell to them, since there's a movie theatre in the joint that allows patrons to smoke.Staff is always good. They have a great selection of lube.
5	I just undertook a tour of ALL the porn shops in Vegas -- all 30! And I am here to tell you, at the end of my research......this store is the Best of Las Vegas! Adult Superstore is a chain with multiple locations, but this one is the best A.S.S. in town (even better than *MY* ASS, LOL). On a practical level, the place is right off the freeway, with discreet parking in the back of the building, out of sight of prying eyes. It is clean, well-kept and feels safe.Two stories, huge selection, reasonable prices (better than Deja Vu's prices, for sure). Two-screen theater and arcade upstairs for those who like to jerk it in semi-public. Amazing selection of rubber vaginas and creepily life-like masturbators ("20 pounds of pussy!")...Mexican pocket pussies...giant dongs...cringe-inducingly-circumferenced buttplugs...I could go on and on, but it would be like trying to describe the contents of the Library of Congress. Futile!You must be 18 to enter, which is a real shame....because instead of Bar Mitvah-ing and Quinceanera-ing our teens, plying them with useless shit like Last Dolls and wristwatches, a MUCH MORE PRACTICAL rite of passage would be to take them here and buy them a dildo/pocket pussy. I mean, we want to keep the teenage pregnancy rate down, right?!?!?!?
1	I've been in this store a few times, but I won't ever be going back, nor will I ever recommend it to anyone.I will say some nice things about it, however.The place appears to be spotlessly clean, and the underpaid employees try to be friendly.  Also, one is impressed that this is probably the only company of its kind, that is a member of the Better Business Bureau, and under its new name, Tropicana Books and Video.  The link to their BBB report is here:http://www.bbb.org/southern-nevada/business-reviews/books-new/tropicana-books-and-video-in-las-vegas-nv-53117The only reason I won't shop there again, is because their prices are outrageously high.I bought a DVD for around $40, then found out later on that the exact-same DVD was available via mail order, for "$9.95 + shipping."If you want to save a lot of money on your "adult" needs, this is one place to avoid.
1	I bought a groupon coupon for this store and none of the employees understood anything about it. I called one store and the person couldn't speak good English and told me to call the Tropicana store. I called there and the supervisor/manager wasn't very helpful either. He told me to try the coupon online to see if the website takes his coupons. Wow, this tells me that the supervisor needs to be trained by the corporate office and then they need to train all their employees. Geesh!! He really told me to try the coupon to see if it works online.  I was asking for a refund since it expired.  My coupon says to contact the store to get a refund for the original amount.
5	To start... disappointed that I didn't catch a name for the nice 'n helpful brunette that assisted my girlfriend & I as we shopped. Not that we *needed* assistance...but sometimes you have questions about what may irritate your skin or allergy sensitivity. Once inside I noticed how very well organized and sanitary this place is. Also brightly lit. When I'm buying stuff here I want to at least see clearly what I'm purchasin. I've been to places dimly lit 'n kinda gross.  It's a two story building from what I could tell... with more of the novelty items upstairs... whole freakin' wall of lingerie. Not to offend here, but when you have skill.... lingerie for me isn't completely necessary ;-)for role play or themed parties though I could see myself browsing the collections. First floor houses all necessary items needed. I liked that in each area stuff was organized by what it is instead of other stores where everything is thrown together. There was an extensive DVD collection. Large wall selection of lubes. A complete section of finger f*k toys.... and let me not forget wall of shame.... I mean dozens of female genitalia molds.I would have liked to have seen more selection for what we came for, such as colors & textures for the product. I've seen more @ Good Vibrations in SF but alas... this is Vegas :)... and again, the associate was very helpful at answering q's professionally, and pointing out what was "right" for our needs. I didn't feel awkward asking her anything. Also, this location had a general "safe" feel both from the parking lot to inside. No creepy b*strds hanging around or unwanted attention while shopping after dark. Check it out.... everything from purple whips... to nip clamps, if you're into that Lol
3	Place was ok. Bunch if dildos around the walls, full of DVDs in the center. Nothing special about this place. Ended up going up the block to Deja-Vu instead.
5	50% off everything in store when I went with 2 of my gf's.What? Everything? Yes, confirmed by an employee.Too bad I don't live closer. Would of racked the hell up! Nice & extremely helpful employees. No coyness or shyness allowed.You're in a sex store for God's sake. It's a human need. Case closed.
4	Stopped in here on a whim after seeing it off the street. Mighty impressive selection, with 2 floors that are wall-to-wall with everything you could possibly want. And a whole lot of other shit that you look at like "no fucking way" and then later on you double back and consider the possibilities a little more. The staff was exceedingly friendly and polite, too. I know that's supposed to be a given almost anywhere you go, but I feel it bears mentioning in places like this because I know if I read it's run by some sketchy, meth-ed out looking guy, or a diminutive Asian man who hovers over your shoulder like a conscience devil (I'm looking at you, sex store in Lake Forest, CA that I forgot the name of). Point is, it's very important to have the right kind of staffing for these places. Namely, women. Oh, almost forgot a funny story. So, while we were scouring the aisles there was a small group of people doing the same, although they were being obnoxious and douchey and acting like loud asses. Anyway, at one point the most annoying dude (I'm using that term because he was such an obvious OC bro) got a mini tour of the, ahem, "viewing rooms" from the employee upstairs. The same employee that I noticed earlier was a male dressed as a female (I'm assuming transgender, but I thought he could've just been a crossdresser). Anyway, after the tour the guy yells out extremely enthusiastically, "Hey, this guy just gave me the most awesome tour!". The employee corrected him, but it was funny because the guy probably didn't even think twice since (apologies if you're reading this) the "she" was so barely passable it looked like Fred Armisen in lipstick and a wig. Some things just can't be hidden.
1	If you're going to buy something here make sure you're absolutely going to keep it, or if you're buying a gift for someone from here, make sure they're actually going to like it! Because under NO circumstances will they accept returns!! Even though I bought a $100 item, they would not return it. And we very rude about it.
5	Hugh store with everything you could possibly want. Very friendly staff and the best prices in town.
4	I was a kid in a candy store. Fully stock and plenty to choose from .
2	This place is really sucking tonight, and it's a Saturday!  They got new bigger tv's a while ago and of course raised the price of the theater.  Tonight, as was last night no sound on any tv, watching porn with no sound, REALLY!!!  May as well go down the street to De Je Vue, bet they have sound!
5	Been here a few times. Good quality toys decent price and great customer service. Recommended.
5	This place always has some amazing prices at other places have the exact same items but I priced at least double so not only are their prices super well but this month is Customer Appreciation Month everything that is already very very cheap is half off Yes the entire store is 50% off this month! !
4	I like this AS location more than the one on Spring Mountain. I like to keep my trips a little less awkward and avoid people I work with that I didn't know work here too on their days off. This store has 2 floors: toys, movies, books, magazines on the first floor; party favors, clothes, costumes, lingerie and board games on the second floor.My friend and I were out on a field trip and since we didn't feel like paying $40 for a movie, we came here since I know they have stuff for cheap. They have movies for 3 for $40, 4 for $100, furry boot covers for $30, poles for $150...and they have movies on Blu Ray! Imagine the details you can see - pores, hair and everything...and Ron Jeremy's FUPA! Like you're actually there. I've seen him in person at the airport - did I ask for his autograph? No. Did I ask to have my photo taken with him? No. "Can you please pass me a luggage tag? Thanks!" I didn't even use the tag only because I know where his hands have been./end tangentOur field trip was for educational purposes. "What's this? What does it do? What's it for? Where does it go? Does it come with a remote? Why is it so big? How much do you think the cost of production is and how much money are they making off of each item?" We found eggs and tubs of butter and cream - must've been the baking aisle. They even have baking pans, cookie cutters, candies, straws, ice trays, party streamers - ooh, my birthday is coming up!I've seen Japanese ropes I saw on Anthony Bourdain's "Parts Unknown: Tokyo". Choking hazard! Notice how sex is viewed differently in Japan vs USA. In a country where we have all kinds of freedoms, why is sex talk taboo and kept hush hush when we all know everyone does it? And Japan is viewed as conservative and rigid, yet they have subway commuters holding hentai and it's not a big deal?
