3	The food here is so mediocre as to be funny.  But the place itself holds a special place in my heart.  I spent many a high school half-day with my friends sitting in the trolley.  And I always loved the decor.  It was like walking into a mansion that is some old-timey wonderland.
1	Why would anyone pay money for food like this?
4	I haven't tried to many items from here, but the chicken parm was good, I had some chicken dish for lunch one day that wasn't the best.  The bread was fresh from the oven so the butter melted as soon as you spread it, and the free post meal sherbert is the 4th star!
2	Overcooked pasta, check. Slopped on sauce. Check. Average garlic bread. Check. Crowds of families thinking it's fab. Whatever. Look people, al dente and toss the Alfredo on the noodle. It's not all bad, but if I want to go shabby chic and chow with the family it's okay. Not my deal, though. I like Italian served in sexy dark corners of the room with my honey.
3	It's hard to screw up spaghetti and meatballs, so they do ok here. But I always get the sensation that if it were a little easier to make an unsatisfactory pasta dish (I'm not too picky with the basics), they might do it here. I've eaten here many, many times and have never walked away disappointed or let down, but I think the trick is that this is one of the first Italian restaurants I ever went to. I can't even tell you how many birthday parties in the trolley I attended and came home with spumoni caked on the front of my Hypercolor t-shirt. Now, having been to a few more restaurants of all varieties, I can unquestionably say that food here is not bad nor good, but it's great if you're a six year old who doesn't know the difference. Post Script/N.B.* My girlfriend has informed me that if you call ahead for a kids' pasta meal, you can get a healthy portion of pasta, side salad, loaf of bread, and a carton of milk for $4. Be advised, they may look at you funny when you pick up your meal, unless you are indeed a child rather than a starving college student, in which case you shouldn't have a problem.
4	I like this place.  Just can't help it.  Let me break it on down for you...Negatives:1. Food is not "slap your mama" good.2. With it's popularity, there can be quite a wait on some nights.3. I can't really think of a 3, but I wanted to have at least 3 things here...Positives:1. Food is good, and everyone can find something they will like.  Nothing to experimental, too trendy or too expensive.2. The decor.  They could serve McDonald's food and the decor would find a way to save them from one star hell.  The much-mentioned trolley car in the center is fun, but I love even more sitting in the library room (or so we call it).  Or at one of the big tables with the big velvet chairs.  3. Great for when you have a lot of people in your party, and/or when there are kids.  I'm kind of stumped when I see folks mention this as a bad thing.  4. Even when you are waiting, there are awesome chairs and sofas in multiple rooms where you can mingle.  5. Ms. Packman!  How it is no one has mentioned this?  We've had Ms. Packman competitions while waiting for a table several times. 6. The place is really huge.  Why is this good?  Because if you go at a non-peak time, while not typically a date kind of restaurant, if you ask to get put in a quiet spot, it can feel like you have the whole place to yourself.  7. Location.  How much family friendly fare is down here?  Another reason the place is always packed.8. Spumoni or sherbet is included with your meal.  Heck yea.Listen, this isn't the cool and chic place to be, but it's nice, kinda fun and pretty well liked by most people.  Very kid friendly.  And who knows, you just might like it too.
4	What can I say, I really like this place! I know the food ain't great and sometimes the crowds are a put-off. But you can't beat the charm of the antiques and whimsical oddities. And it has lots of big open spaces for groups of out-of-town guests or get-together with old high school chums. Lots of fun.
3	I really like this place, it sure beats Olive Garden. The menu is pretty simple and straightforward, basic pasta dishes and a few other options.You get plenty of food, soup or salad, your entree and desert for a decent price. Of course, this isn't authentic Italian food or anything, just really good pasta.The interior is rustic, lots of seating and room in this hardwood floored refurbished old house. The decorations are old family photos and playbills.But be warned, don't expect to be in and out in an hour for lunch. Service is slow for whatever reason. I learned after a few times that an hour and a half was the norm for lunch.
3	I agree with what other reviewers are saying when it comes to the quality of food.  While it does not blow me away it is not that bad or should I say consistently average.  I have not disliked anything I have had here.  The servers are always friendly and attentive and seem to handle really large groups very well.  The bar is pretty cool and they do make a really good margarita:).
3	I don't know why I like this place!  The food is average- not craveable. The service is consistently bad. I'm sorry, but I have encountered so many clueless employees at this place that are too pathetic to even complain about. That aside, I like the way this place feels. It's fun to take my younger family members from out of town.  What kid wouldn't want to eat lunch in an old-time train car? Plus, ice cream is free with a dinner- can't beat that! Don't expect your waiter to be a wine expert- or even know what a mimosa is during Sunday brunch- but, it is a cute little place with lots of fun memorabilia.  Like I said, the food is not going to knock your socks off, but it's not that bad- just forgettable.  Stick to the basics that are hard to mess up, like lasagna, and enjoy that free ice cream (I suggest the spumoni).
4	I actually really enjoy this place. It is a super cute resturaunt built from two old phoenix houses linked together.Most of the food is not spectacular but never bad. The mizithra cheese however is so good, the chicken marsala, amazing and flavorful, and the tuscan chicken sandwich (only available at lunch time) very craveable.Most of the salad dressing are made on site, and while I personally am a fan of the bleu cheese, most of my friends go for the creamy pesto.The bread is delivered fresh daily and once upon a time long long ago when I served tables here for a short time a small loaf of bread was my nightly dinner and quite satisfying.Because I worked here I can also tell you the kitchen staff back then was always terrific and the whole place very clean.The price and atmosphere make this a simple and enjoyable place to grab dinner with friends...or sit with your date in the trolly.For the small prices to get soup or salad, a drink, bread, dinner and a scoop or spumoni, what more can you ask for?Another notable fact: the location is actually ranked as one of the top haunted places in AZ.  When I worked there the power went out one night and i swear to you we could hear footsteps up in the attic!
1	I think Calamari F. pretty much summed it up. OSF serves absolutely inedible "Italian" food that is far worse than the usual Americanized Italian fare you get at chain Italian restaurants like Olive Garden. I would have rather had seafood alfredo from Red Lobster. The prices were also very high. The only good thing about our experience was the "free" spumoni ice cream that comes with every entree purchase. Avoid at all costs.
2	I was amazed how much the food sucked at this place.. I had the Sicilian w/ chips (looked like Lays chips).  I had a much better experience at the OSF in Seattle.  You would think the 2 would be the same, right?  I give this place 2 stars for having the old Paperboy video game present.. but the food... nah..  I'd rather go to a Olive Garden or Buca Di Peppo next time unless I'm in the Seattle area again.
1	One thing that I love about OSF is that they offer gluten-free pasta for those of us who have wheat/gluten issues. The one thing that I hate about OSF is that you never know if they will actually have the gluten-free pasta in stock. Usually the server will inform me upon ordering that they are out of my pasta, which is aggravating but at least we can determine if we want to stay or not before actually ordering. This time we placed our order, received our drinks, ate our dinner salads, and then (a full 30 minutes after we placed the order) the server informed me that they were out of gluten-free pasta. Apparently the kitchen manager was on vacation and no one placed the supply order. So not cool. We just paid for our drinks and left.
4	Okay, I like the fact that your meal comes with a drink (milk, coffee or tea) and salad or soup and bread and dessert.  Or if you want to skip the drink and dessert at lunch it is $1.50 off your bill.I think the angel hair with mizithra cheese sauce is FABULOUS.  I also think the eggplant parmesean is sometimes FABULOUS and sometimes average.  It is hit or miss.  The macaroni and cheese is also very good.The salad and bread, not so good.
1	I remember when going to the Spaghetti Company was something to look forward to. Back then (about 30 years ago) it was one of the few restaurants in town, so the wait was considerable. That lobby is still there with the same stand-up video games and circa 20s sofas (reupholstered of course) and the restaurant still seems to be a place for an adventurous child to find hidden secrets and exotic places. Back then the wait to sit in the trolley (since removed and replaced with a replica) was over an hour. As a child the mystique of its cavernous faux Tiffany-style glass-enclosed "rooms" was a wondrous delight that could now only be matched in adult scale by the extravagance of the Winchester mansion of California.I've been back 4 or 5 times in recent months and am consistently surprised that for a restaurant that could seat a thousand, I must wait 10 to 15 minutes for a table. Tonight I was making my way back across the cavernous lobby to leave when I was called to be seated. I should have just left.Once inside I discover why the wait is so long. Every table as far as the eye can see is covered with dirty dishes and glasses, but no one is sitting at any of them. How long they have been in such a state is anyone's guess, but tonight I was able to sit in the fake trolley and so was afforded the opportunity to see that only 2 of them were cleared throughout my entire meal. What a disgrace! You all should be ashamed of yourselves!Our server was extremely attentive and did his job with careful precision and punctuality. The only major error was when he kicked a piece of trash in the small walkway between trolley tables to a nearby corner. Oh my God; I just wanted to get up and go over and pick it up. Was that a crust of bread??!?!?! When he first arrived at our table, I asked if he needed some help clearing all these tables. What a disgrace! He told me that when he walked in, there were 130 people waiting in the lobby.The food was exactly as expected -- somewhere below the quality of an Olive Garden. I think someone else here may have made the same comparison. Pasta overcooked to the point it can just barely hold its form anymore; meat sauce so gritty you wonder if this is what Manwich tastes like. Meatballs well formed and of overall good taste, but spiced with powdered everything, and old powder at that. Parmesan passed my test with little recognizable filler and of good body. Didn't taste like sawdust.Bread obviously ordered by the hundred thousand, and obviously arrived frozen and partially cooked, Shamrock style, with the finish in a quick-heat just before serving. The cutting boards still have a second indentation for the garlic butter, but none was served. The butter that arrived was nothing like butter, but instead a whipped watery creamy colored stuff that should be the last straw that finally convinces you to throw down your napkin and sue "I can't believe it's not butter" for false advertising.The salad was mostly dismal. The only redeeming ingredient in the entire meal was the olive oil used in the "balsamic" vinaigrette. I had to take several concentrated bites to try to convince myself that the red-wine vinegar they were trying to pass off as Balsamic was not actually cleaning-grade white vinegar, but the olive oil was really nice. Never mind  the basil or parsley or the whatever-name-you-can-come-up-with tasteless flakes in the dressing that had to be at least 20 years old. Ew.There are times when I wish I could go back. I wish I hadn't dined under the artistry of chefs who celebrate the creation of cuisine. I used to be able to enjoy this crap, oblivious to the talent that's out there. Unfortunately Phoenix is slowly but surely returning to its roots. Where is our talent? Surely it is not at the Old Spaghetti Factory.
4	Two and a half words... "gluten-free pasta".When I was a kid my family would dine out 1x's a week.  My parent's idea of trying new places meant sitting at a different table at the same restaurant.  Once a place got introduced into our dining lives, we went there every week until my dad got pissed off for some odd reason, and we would move on to a different establishment.  Needless to say we ate at Spaghetti Factory many, many, many times.  I have some fond memories from this place.Fast forward to now, many years later, I learn they have gluten-free pasta.  1 3/4 hours after finding this out, I was sitting at a table ordering gluten-free pasta with meat sauce and sausage.  I was not disappointed.  They use a corn pasta that has a very good consistency and has a very good taste... my non-gf dining partner also ordered it and enjoyed it very much.  The meat sauce was fantastic in a super salty, not healthy kind of way and the sausage... oh the sausage, so good.  Now I realize this place is in no way healthy, authentic, or "italian", but it's a guilty pleasure that many will like.  I especially like the prices and the decor inside, just like it was when I was a kid.I enjoy this place, for the memories, and now for the gluten-free pasta.  This will be a monthly place for me before first-fridays.  I highly recommend you use their call ahead seating option by phoning in before you come, it will greatly reduce your wait times.
1	I've ate at OSF twice now and it was two times too many. Both times service has been horrible. I get that working the lunch shift may not be lucrative, but yesterday I was with a group of approximately 15 and our waiter was incredibly rude and disinterested in serving us. He was banking on the fact that he would get an automatic 18% from each of us, which is unfortunate because for good service I will tip more. Beyond the lousy service, the food is not good. I had the fettucini alfredo the first time I ate at OSF and it was drowning in alfredo sauce...yuck. The salad looks like something you get from a bag. Yesterday I ordered a caesar salad as my entree. First, it had tomatoes in it. I really don't like tomatoes in caesar salad. Second, our waiter brought it out with the other salads. So that meant that when my group got their entrees, I had nothing and basically had to watch them eat. Since when were entree salads brought out with starter salads??? Lastly the wine selection is pathetic. There are only two white wines by the glass and the Riesling I had yesterday was much too sweet. For generic Italian food, go to the Olive Garden. At least their salad and breadsticks are decent.
3	the OLD spaghetti factory is by far my guiltiest pleasure. lets face it the food isn't that great, and on more then 5 occasions i have been here and it seemed like the entire bussing staff was on a smoke break.growing up in the willo district as a child my mother took me to the Spaghetti factory alot. i remember sitting in the trolly and the entire 86-88 suns team was in the building "helping" out. signing autographs and what not. sure was fun as a kid.now that i'm older i just have those memories to make me say this place isn't all bad. the mizthra cheese and butter on some noodles is still delish. the meat sauce is decent to great. the pesto ranch dressing is pretty good..to bad the lettuce is either still soaking wet, or dry and disgusting. as a phoenix institution for decades i wish this place was better. maybe someday someone will come in and turn it around..but as a "chain" restuarant i don't see that happening. either way..for nostalgia i'll still eat here on a quirky whim. but i will not go out of my way to eat here.
3	I have been a few times but and have always had the same experience, good service, and the food was edible. Our last visit I tired This drink called pirates punch, it has Captain Morgan and I believe pineapple juice. It was too scrumptious and can be dangerous after a few. **DRINKER BEWARE** The environment is cool, very 50's furnishings, there is a sleigh in one of the front windows.........not sure what the meaning is behind that. Also you have to check out the Pasta Farming Paraphernalia Parking can be a little hectic as well
3	I really enjoy The Old Spaghetti Factory... we usually go to the one in Fullerton, San Diego, Rancho Cucamonga and not to long ago while vacationing in Hawaii went to one in Honolulu. All of them have that authentic tastes and there spaghetti flat out rocks!!!When my sister and I were making the drive out to Texas, we were at midway point. Using the reliable Garmin typed in places to eat and Spaghetti factory pop... 'YES' The place is very old looking but it was really cool because it was consistent with the name, so I liked it. Wood creeking floors, arcade room, ugly ass chicks - LOL - JK okay we're all beautiful people inside and out, etc...Now the food was a little bit of a let down, although it was good but seems like it was a The Old Spaghetti Factory  Probation Center... like the food was trying to redeem itself to its authentic tastes. Well, if it is keep up and continue striving.Would I go here again, I sure would, but with just a tad bit lower expectations food wise. Then again, every business is hurting recession wise so I'm sure there has to be some compromise with the food.Nevertheless, sister and I left satisfactory!
2	This place used to be REALLY REALLY REALLY good.  I'm not sure exactly what happened, but the food went WAY downhill!  While the portion sizes went lower and the prices went up, the quality of the food seems to have dropped as well as the expertise of cooking it.  The Chicken Parm that I got was pathetic to say the least.  It was a tiny little piece of chicken breast and was dry as a bone.  The side of spaghetti was even small.  It almost looked like a children's portion as they set the plate in front of me.  My wife and Dad both got the Mizithra Cheese...portion sizes were VERY noticeable between the 2 (She got a LOT more).  Sometimes you you get the Mitzithra Cheese with WAY more than you need...sometimes you get a lot less.  Service:Well, it wasn't the best.  It took 20 minutes for anyone to come to the table...I had to go to the hostess and tell her that it's been 20 minutes and no one has even stopped by our table at all.  Once she showed up, it wasn't completely horrible.The Old Spaghetti Factory used to be one of those places where you can go and meet up with the family for lunch/dinner and have good food as well as walk out of there full.  Their food used to be excellent and not taste like it came out of a microwave...or pre-cooked in bags like the Olive Garden.
4	This place has been here in this location forever. I remember coming here as a kid when it was called "The Spaghetti Company" and regarding it as a major treat. The restaurant is housed in what looks like somebody's house on the corner of Central and McDowell, (and I always thought it was.) The interior is cavernous and museum-like, with old Victorian-era photographs, bookshelves, hidden rooms, chandeliers, and antiques on the walls. There's even a trolley cable car in the middle of the place where you can sit in and eat. As a child, I thought this was the coolest place ever. My brother and I would even go off and "explore" the restaurant when we finished our meals.So, this place definitely has nostalgia for me. I always thought it was a unique, special place and that the people that were in the photographs lived in there at one point and now probably haunted the restaurant from the hidden upstairs level (how do you get up there?! There must be a hidden staircase somewhere...)But then my young, naive little mind discovered the existence of a little thing called a "chain restaurant." "Wait, so you mean there's ANOTHER Spaghetti Factory? In Fresno?! I thought this was the only one? I thought it was a Phoenix thing?" I wasn't sure what to make of that fact. I felt a little bit betrayed, as a matter of fact. Maybe it wasn't as magical and old as I thought. Regardless, the building it has occupied for the past twenty (thirty?) years has real charm and history, and I'm glad it's home to the Spaghetti Factory, and not a Cricket phone paycenter. The food isn't really anything special. Honestly, it's rather forgettable. But then again, I was always more focused on finding the secret book that would open the trapdoor than on my lasagna. I haven't ever had a terrible experience with service or the food, but it's certainly nothing to rave about. I came here the other weekend with some friends and we had a good time; had nothing to complain about. The portions are rather small, however. Now that it's directly across from the lightrail maybe I will stop by if I'm in the area. It will always have a sort of nostalgic status in my mind, but I have to say, I love the OSF of 1991the best.
2	I used to have really fond memories of this place as a kid. I loved the decor and always thought that every restaurant should serve spumoni upon completion of a meal, but the romance has since ended now that I am an adult. In the past year I have found myself here often as a central meeting place that could accommodate a large group. In both of those occasions we had the save server who lacked any ounce of charm in his body and felt way too comfortable with the fact that his gratuity was added into our bill due to size. He was brash and acted annoyed the entire time and despite our size we were pretty low maintenance. Other than service, the food is doing little to impress me. It has become one of those places where I am never truly satisfied with what I ordered. Because their menu is traditional fare I find myself comparing it to every other Italian place I have been and none of their dishes stand out as the best I have had or even close to it. The portions do not match the price in my opinion and neither does the quality. I just end up walking away from dinner feeling a bit cheated by the entire experience. I wish I could fall in love all over again with this landmark, but it is going to take a lot to win me over.
4	OK WHATEVER YOU GUYS!I ate here last night and it reminded me why I like it, unlike everybody else!For like 9 bucks I got a bowl o' soup, bread, a huge serving of yum yum yum spaghetti with mizithra cheese and dessert. And because I got the creme soda, I got to keep my cup. In my cabinet is an entire set of the old ones. Now they have newer ones.There is a slight wait to be seated (at least during Mon-Thursday early evening hours, when I usually go), but they have old arcade games to play while you do so. The food was served quickly. And the servers always seemed over worked, but I've never really had a problem (except with trainees).So yeah, whatever y'alls!
4	First of all, their gluten free pasta is really good! It's yellow and made from corn. It's nearly unheard of to see an Italian restaurant (non-chain, chain, authentic or not) have a gluten free option. +1, seriously.I've always liked the Spaghetti Factory. It's not the best but it is dirt cheap and they have so many cool decorations. I'm a sucker for old antique-y looking stuff. The service can be slow and it's always busy, but hell...ALL Spaghetti Factories are this busy if not more. It's not an anomaly people. I'm just happy they have a call-ahead system so you don't have to wait for hours when you arrive.
4	Great food, atmosphere, & friendly staff.  While it's not the best Italian out there, for the price around $10 average, it's one of the best.
2	Perhaps not the worst eatery in the galaxy but this place reminds me of Death. Cornerstones appear to be below average, oversalted Italian and slow, sometimes indifferent service.  Old folks abound, perhaps reassured by the gimmicky old tyme nostalgia, with the trolley, fake tiffany lamps, etc. Instead, it transports me to the 1970s, to sprawling east coast chains off the turnpike I'd get dragged to as a kid - with waits, bland food, very young staff going thru the motions, and crap on the walls to distract from the underlying mediocrity. It's not horrible, and will appeal to that handful of Americans actually older than me, but I've little interest recapturing the sleepy era this factory is shooting for.
4	Been dining at the OSF for over 25 yrs. I went with my folks back in Sacramento and have been a fan ever since. From California to Washington where we frequented the Seattle and Tacoma locations for years and on to Phoenix, I have always been satisfied. Where else can you go for decent Italian at their prices. The food is consistently fine, although I am embarrassed to admit that I have never ordered anything other than the " Meat Lovers Special" after all these years. Just spaghetti with marinara and a couple of meatballs and Italian sausage. try it, it's great. The wife always orders the spinach tortellini with Alfredo and the kids order off the kids menu. The atmosphere, although varying from location to location is enjoyable. The kids love sitting in the trolley, give it a shot. maybe I am not saying much, but it beats the Olive Garden any day of the week. The service can be spotty, but keep the bread coming and I am happy. Went recently for my 9 year olds B Day dinner ( His Request ) and we all had a great time. The service was excellent and the meal ended with a complimentary piece of cake for my boy and enthusiastic singing from the staff. What more could you ask for. Great job OSF !
4	I love the Old Spaghetti Factory.   I have a few vague memories of eating at one as a kid, a college student, and now a full fledged adult.  I came here last night with my date, and we took the light rail.  Walked in, and it was quiet, but it was also a Sunday night.  We only had to wait 5 minutes.  The hostess and what appeared to be a manager were taking names.  The manager was so funny and personanable...when the girl said "what is your name?"  I spelled A-M-Y instead of just saying my dam name....when he called my name he spelled Amy instead! ! LOL. Date and I laughed!We ordered our food with our server, who was nice and knowledegable enough. But, we had to ask for our Bread!  For dinner I ended up with the spaghetti with meat sauce, dinner salad with Balsamic vinigrette dressing and it was tasty!  Date got a cheese pasta dish, and he said it was to cheesy.  O well.Anyways, place and service was fine, will be back, and I still love it here!
4	"The Old Spaghetti Factory" was probably one of the first restaurants my wife and I ate at when we started dating.  Money was tight back then and TOSF soon became one of our favorite eats.  I hate to compare this place to a fast food restaurant, but this place is like the "McDonald's" of Italian food.  Now let me explain that.  When you go to McDonald's, it doesn't matter where in the country, or in the world, you are, when you order a cheeseburger, you know what you are going to get.  It's consistent and it's inexpensive.  The same can be said for TOSF.   It's decent quality Italian food, at very fair prices.  I've sampled many things on the menu over the years, but lately I always get the same thing when we go out for dinner; Spaghetti and Meatballs.  I know most people wouldn't think to order something that you can make at home out, but I like a good meat sauce and my wife would rather have marinara.  So, for me, it's a treat.  She adores the spaghetti with mizithra cheese and brown butter, although, last night she ordered the meatloaf and said she found a new favorite dish.  I'll have to try it next time.  I'm usually the one that goes for the "soul food".  Dinner is usually served with a salad, and their creamy pesto dressing (similar to a ranch) is really amazing.  Remember to save a little room for desert, because you always get your choice of a scoop of ice cream, spumoni, or sherbet afterwards.TOSF is definitely kid friendly.  It is a true family restaurant.  The trolley car in the middle of the restaurant is always a draw with the little ones.  There can be a wait sometimes.  Call ahead and put your name on the list, since they don't take reservations.  The 1980's era arcade games are great to pass the time and bring back many memories of wasted quarters of my youth.  TOSF is one of those places that will always leave you full of good food and great memories...even if it is a chain.
4	The Old Spaghetti Factory is a place of many memories for me.  When I turned 18, my friends and I went to OSF by whim.  We had be doing research at the Burton Bar Library and it was just right there.When we first walked it, we were mesmerized by the comfy looking couches, the retro games, the sleigh in the corner...  and when we sat down to eat in those big velvet chairs, we were hooked.  It was love at first sight.  We even got to take home our glasses since we had the Italian sodas!  The food is excellent, portions are decent, and you get some spumoni at the end of your meal.  How great is that?With prom being one or two weeks later, we all went with our dates and a bigger group back to the OSF.  Everybody loved the food.  We were all dolled about and had a great time there!Now when I look in my cupboards six years later, I see a dozen OSF glasses.  If you can't tell, I'm a big fan of the place.  :3
4	I think I'm going to be biased when writing this, because the nostalgia and the atmosphere are what really keep me coming back again and again, despite the average food.I try to go here at least once a month on First Friday, since I park at Burton Barr. I remember going here with my dad when I was in 5th grade, and always wanting to sit in the train inside the restaurant, hah. But like i said above, the atmosphere is what they really exceed with, and atmosphere is one of the most important aspects of a restaurant, in my opinion. It's sporadically placed knick-knacks and odd furniture selection are all part of it's charm. The food here is alright, and decently priced. Waiters are always friendly and you never have to wait more than 15 minutes for a table, even with large parties, because the place is so enormous. The Old Spaghetti Factory is nothing novel or award-winning, but it's homey feeling is what attracts me more than anything else.
3	It's old. It's on Central Ave. Ok...I know you need more than that. The waiting area is homey and large. We went today for lunch as a party of 5 and waited about 15 minutes for our table. It's nice to see old favorites busy and bustling in this economy.Aside from some missteps in service, the service was ok. Friendly, but just ok. One dining companion ordered a hearty size portion and got the same size as the rest of us. Same companion also ordered a side of sausage that didn't arrive with the rest of the food either. Server brought him a side of pasta....but he had ordered whole wheat pasta and she brought him regular pasta. Sausage came out a few minutes later. My spaghetti was salty. The meatballs were salty. The sauce was very very salty. The salad was over-dressed, but the creamy pesto dressing was actually pretty tasty. Overall, it was eh at best. It's my dining companion's favorite place so we'll likely go back, but not because I really want to. Maybe I can convince him to go to Postino's instead.....I hope. :)
4	01/12/2010Lotsa Pasta Service .7 of 1 starFood 1.2 of 2 starsAmbiance 1 of 1 starCleanliness .8 of 1 starThis Spaghetti Factory is a few steps from the light rail Culture District stop, stoplight and crosswalk.  That's a rare combination on the Phoenix light rail.  It means that visitors and students in the Central Avenue business district, or anywhere on the route from Tempe to Christown can get a comfy ride here for some antique ambiance and a three course meal leaving one stuffed.  You can eat vegetarian here if you choose well.The price is decent, the quality decent and dependable, the service the same.  It earned 3.7 on my personal scale but I'm more A-OK than Yay! I'm a fan.  Three at our table of eight wanted more sauce on their pasta.  What they have I can hardly find anywhere else is spumoni ice cream  And spumoni ice cream brings back great memories of me and my dad and one of life's tasting teching moments. We'll be back when somebody says, "We're meeting at Spaghetti Factory."
2	I am not sure what the fuss is about this place. I will give it points for a unique interior; I mean it is not very often that you can eat a plate of spaghetti while sitting in a giant velvet throne, but the food is very ho hum. I grabbed dinner there with some friends before heading to a concert in Glendale, the concert was after work, and it was a good middle meeting place. For being an Italian restaurant, I thought the menu was really limited....nothing really unique, mostly just pasta and sauce combinations. The salad that you get with your meal is just the cheapo iceberg, which is not even worth eating. Also, they advertise that they can make any of their pastas gluten-free, which excited my sister, but when she tried to order, she was informed that the only gluten-free sauce they have is the tomato, so she went with just a salad, once again, chock full of that icky iceberg lettuce. There is way better Italian food out there people!
4	Being new to Arizona, we decided to try 2 new restaurants for our anniversary. This was our lunch and it was fantastic. We had an incredible meal. The restaurant is very interesting with an old train dining car in the seating area. We had an appetizer of garlic cheese bread which was some of the best that we have ever eaten. Our entrees consisted of their lasagna and the Italian meatloaf with a side of pasta with the mizritha cheese and browned butter. Very rich and heavy but oh, so good. We didn't have the included dessert because we were too full. The service was excellent and very personable. Everything was as ordered and was prompt.When we have friends and family come out from the mid-west, we will certainly be taking them here to eat.
3	It was okay, and just simply that. The interior was unique, but the pac-man game was broken. : ( The desk person was helpful. They let you change out the combo meals without a fuss, which I liked. However, the manacotti had very little sauce and the pasta shell was dry. The spinach ravioli was decent, however the alfredo sauce leaves something to be desired. The dish was okay. It was good enough for 11 dollars but nothing special or spectacular. I probably won't head back on my own.
5	I have been to plenty of spaghetti factory restaurants in Cali, but none were as good as this place. The service was excellent, and the food was delicious. The prices are superb as well.
4	I had the pleasure of spending my Friendaversary with the lovely Georgie S. this past Sunday at the Opera. Because we saw "La Boheme" I felt it only right to get Italian food, so we headed over to The Old Spaghetti Factory in hopes of satisfying our pasta craving.It was quite charming when our waiter came over with the bottle of wine that we ordered. It was the second most pricey bottle they sold (coming in at $34) and he told us in the four years he worked there he had never sold a bottle that expensive. Well, that's because you don't have high class broads like us patronizing this establishment, or so it would seem!They have a good sized menu with a lot of delicious looking dishes. I was especially excited that they have gluten-free pasta! I was hoping I would be able to eat more than a salad. On that note, I must point out that your meal comes with salad, bread, your entree, and iced tea, AND spumoni for dessert! If you choose not to get the tea and dessert, you get to knock $1.50 off the cost of your meal. That means that my large, tasty plate of pasta and the salad cost me $6.50.That's right folks, dinner for $6.50!The place itself is pretty charming. They have a trolley car in the middle you can sit in. The one drawback is that this place is very "family" oriented; something Miss G and I are not normally very "fond" of. But we dealt. Very solid 4 stars....
2	For Review 200 I wanted to take something from my bookmark list. I was downtown for the Herberger Theater and passed by the Old Spaghetti Factory. I used to visit the OSF in Atlanta and when I lived in Ohio. I remember always enjoying the experience...Nostalgia is better than reality.My friend ordered the fettuccini alfredo and I went with the garlic mizithra...which is a twist on the standard mizithra cheese & spaghetti plate I typically order. This added garlic, mushrooms and bacon. The food was good, but fairly average. The portions were smaller than I remembered. The sourdough bread was good - still warm. The restaurant opened in 1972 and I think they have been making salads the same way since Day 1. It was an iceberg lettuce classic and although I ordered blue cheese, it arrived with vinaigrette. Rather than send it back I kept the salad. Perhaps I arrived close to a shift change, but there appeared to be 2 managers on duty, both stopping by the table multiple times to ask "is everything fantastic?" - the waiter stopped by several times as well and said "Is everything excellent?" I like to be checked on occasionally, but too much is annoying.  Another annoying aspect was the food had been on the table about 10 minutes and still was 3/4 full, the waiter came back and asked if we needed boxes or were we still working on it? Um...yes, still working.  Maybe it was because it was 5:30 and the lobby was crowded with others waiting, but I hadn't been there that long - and three minutes later when he popped back over and asked again if we were finished, well you just earned yourself a small tip and a long guest because my show didn't start for another 90 minutes and I didn't have anything to do. Deal with it. Finally I allowed him to take the plates away and we were brought complementary spumoni - I have to say that was the best part of the entire meal. Afterwards I swung by the restroom and that was a charming experience.  Big open urinals - at least it wasn't like the old pee troughs some places used to have - but there it was - a full restroom of guys looking like a locker room. I didn't know my spaghetti came with sausage. Yuck.Overall - $31 for a hopefully soon forgettable dining experience.  The service from the waiter and the manager(s) was annoying and the meal average at best.  Some memories are best kept as that. I don't think I need to revisit this restaurant any time soon.
3	Spaghetti is one of my faves so I was super excited to try this place out...looks like I'll have  to save some of that excitement for another place. The interior looked pretty awesome and the people were nice enough.I ordered the garlic mizithra and it was...okay. I never had it before so I asked our waitress about it - she said if I was a cheese lover, then I'd love this spaghetti. Speaking as a true cheese lover, I did not love this - it was like they either put too much butter or not enough cheese. The best part of my dining experience was my drink - ordered a strawberry vanilla italian soda and it was yum. Wish I had more to say but that's pretty much it...
3	This place came higly recommended, and it lived up to the hype in a few areas.  I guess you go here for the atmosphere and not as much for great Italian food.  The prices make up for the lack of great taste.  If you don't pad the bill with a big bar tab, it is really affordable family dining.  Dinner special includes salad, bread, entree and drink.  The entire family made it out the door for under $50, including tip.
1	Probably the worst Italian food I've ever had!! And those who know me, know I have been to PLENTY of Italian restaurants. So to say this place had the worst food, trust me it was that bad. My friend commented on the lasagna that it didn't even taste as good as Stouffers frozen. The Chicken Marsala I ordered was so tough, I couldn't even cut it! I definitely could have done 100 times better. The atmosphere is great, but the service doesn't support such a cool looking restaurant. I'm not sure how long it took to get a glass of wine and beer from the waiter but it semed like forever! There is no parking in the front so you have to drive around to the back which is a tad unsavory honestly. How do you mess up Italian food THAT bad?? Really! Go somewhere else. Do not take anyone but your kids here and order something like spaghetti and meatballs!! Then cross your fingers!
3	I had business downtown this morning, so I stopped in here for lunch, right around the corner.  I used to go to OSF in Newport Beach, CA way back in the '70s, & I was somewhat amazed that they are still around & that there's one in Phoenix!Stepping inside, this is the most junked-up restaurant I've ever been to!!!  Ok, except maybe Bahooka Ribs & Grog!*  It's a big place, with soft lighting inside, & rooms all over the place stuffed with tons of furniture, barrels, & so on, cluttering up every one of them!  It's all on purpose, of course, & my booth in the midst of all this craziness was actually completely ok.  (The floor elevation is up & down all over the place, too!) Ok, so for my first time (in about 35 years!) I just ordered the "Pasta Classics - Rich Meat Sauce", which is their way of saying, "Spaghetti."Some good things:*  I started with a cup of coffee, & it was excellent!*  Pretty soon came a mixed lettuce salad, which was simple, but the Ranch Dressing was really tasty!*  The next thing to hit the table was a little loaf about three by eight inches of hot Sourdough bread, with a cup of whipped garlic butter, all on a breadboard with a suitable knife for cutting it.  It was great!!A couple of less wonderful things:*  Some girl (from the kitchen?) brought my spaghetti before I was finished with my salad.*  I thought the spaghetti sauce was ok, but not great.Bottom line:  They give you plenty to eat here.  My meal included the beverage, salad (or soup), the hot bread, entree, & dessert.  It was nice & filling, & a good value at $9.99 for everything.    :-)*  Rosemead, CA (& formerly also West Covina).
4	I have been going to this restaurant for about 18 years just so i can get my pesto ranch fix. A few things that will never change..this is a burn and turn establishment.  You will be eating your salad when the main meal comes out. We are not paying for a four course meal.  The atmosphere is kitchy and its fun!   The location in Seattle is my favorite but now living in Phoenix, I make the trip to get downtown. I finally convinced my boyfriend to take the trip last sunday and he was very impressed with quality and price. So much that when we woke up this morning he said he wanted to go there again for lunch today. We usually make our way straight to the lounge so we do not have to wait to get seated and so we can watch sports on tv while enjoying our meal.   We had the same server last week who is very quiet but prompt.  Do not expect the best service, as a past server, smaller checks (food is cheap) means smaller tips and servers are not as frantic to help you out.  As far as the menu, get the cheesy garlic bead, get the ranch!!!!!!!!!!!!  It is mixed with pesto.  I will sometimes ask for a to-go container just so I can have some at home. JESUS DEAR LORD it is amazing.  All of the pasta dishes taste about the same but make sure that you get brown butter Mazitha pasta.  After having this years ago, i make this at home but it is still never as good.  I will always come back to this place.  I love it.
2	This should have been a better experience... I'll begin with the food.  We arrived on a Sunday afternoon after a visit to the Phoenix Art Museum.  We ordered a BLT salad off the lunch menu and a manicotti dish.  We also included a cup of the minestrone soup for a buck.  The salad was good and was accompanied by fresh, hot bread.  The minestrone soup was outstanding.  The salad and soup were brought out early, as we requested, and we had ample time to complete the salad before our entree arrived.  The manicotti was fine and a good enough portion size that we had to box some.   So far, a good dining experience.Then the bill arrives.  The salad was 8.50 and then entree was full price.  We questioned the bill, as the "lunch menu" said the salad would be 5.99 and the entree 1.50 off.  The server actually apologizes and says he'll have the manager correct the mistake.  Then he comes back and tells us "Sorry, manager says lunch prices only apply Mon-Fri".  Nowhere on the menu does it say lunch only applies Monday through Friday, and we were never told.  I didn't press the issue, paid the bill and off we go.  What could have been an overall pleasant experience ruined by what is essentially a sham.  Giving patrons a menu with lunch specials and prices and then waiting to mention "that doesn't apply" until the bill arrives disgraceful.  Deceptive business practices will trump decent food every time, hence the two-stars.
2	We used to eat here often many years ago.  It was good then and they were always busy.  So, we were in the are last night and thought we'd give them a go again.  They were not busy at all for a Saturday night.  The staff were friendly enough, but a little too casual.  In my opinion this is no longer a fine dining destination but a pit stop for pasta.  The restaurant has lost its class. The food was a huge let down.  It was very bland and way over priced for the portions served.  We wont be going back
4	This is probably my favorite place to eat.  The location has weathered the change in downtown and addition of the light rail construction.  The building is great, old, weathered but still alive and kicking.  I miss the old buildings that get replaced with new construction, so I can appreciate the setting.  Sometimes the air conditioning may blow your hat or napkin away while eating, but seating position and a positive attitude is key!  The staff is always polite, but rotating as usual.  I don't visit for the excellent service, I appreciate what this restaurant offers in standard italian food and character.  Side note, my wife and I ate here hours after our wedding...:)  Oh, the creamy pesto salad dressing is great.
3	Really Really strange discombobulated style. Part bordello, part  barbershop, crate tiled ceilings and 80's arcade.Very spacious.  Very eye catching in not a very good way.  Ordered the Marsala and Lasagna factory plate.  Two main dishes on a huge plate. No sides. Just a huge bread.  It was actually enough for me and my bf  to split between the two of usAll in all it was pretty charming.
3	I can't say I will be going here very often but it is another option for me when i want a nice dinner that is gluten free.  I was impressed that we mentioned gluten free and the waiter gave me some options, he even remembered no croutons on my salad and the item I ordered had a gluten item on it so they substituted something else in it's place.  The food was good and I have to say the pasta was really good because I've made my own and well this was a LOT better.  It was the perfect consistency I just wasn't impressed with one of the toppings because it made the dish very dry.  I ordered the Pot Pourri forgetting that the clam sauce would have gluten in it and substituted with the browned butter and Mizithra cheese which was really dry to me.  The Marinara sauce was good and added some flavor to the dish which I thought it was missing with the other item.  This is a great family restaurant and the staff is really nice and friendly.  For the price of the food and the service you really can't beat it.
3	stopped in for brunch on saturday with my mum auntie and grandmano complaints really, its a decent place. the lasagna and chicken marsala werent bad. my favorite was probably the minnestrone however, i wish i'd just gotten a huge ass bowl of that. I think my favorite aspect of this place is the retro furniture, really big chairs covered in...felt? i guess? whatever, they're colorful and funky, theres an old trolley car inside the building. overall this is a good family style restaurant, and apparently its been there for ages. i'd go back, but probably only with the famz, and probably only to try their pasta w/ mizithra cheese and browned butter. definitely A-Ok.
1	I was suprisingly displeased this time around. It was my 2nd time there and it wasn't anything like I remembered. The salad was DRENCHED in dressing (which I hate) so if you don't like that, get your dressing on the side. All I ordered was the soup and salad lunch special. They brought me my first salad which consisted of, literally, maybe 11 pieces of iceberg lettuce, 3 slivers of carrots, 4 slivers of cabbage, and about 8oz of dressing!! absolutely disappointing. I ordered my second salad with the dressing on the side and, of course, they brought me a REAL-SIZE salad the 2nd time. They should have done that the first time. The service was slow as hell and they brought us 2 loaves of bread (bc we had a party of 7) with only 1 knife. It was retarded all around. Just about everyone else was dissatisfied with their meals. It was lunch hour, I'll give them that....but they weren't even busy!!! Never going there again :(
4	The Old Spaghetti Factory is one of my fave place to eat and celebrate special occasions. I like the eclectic decorations and wood furniture ambiance of the restaurant. The meal portions are large and you can practically share it and still enough to get full. I often order the spaghetti with meat balls or with white clam sauce. There is always room for spumoni!
3	I've actually never set foot inside this restaurant, so I can't comment on the place itself. But every now and then we've picked up orders from Old Spaghetti Factory at work, so I can comment on the food. The entrees are as basic as it gets. This is definitely "family food." Most adults won't complain about it, and kids will enjoy the simplicity. I recently had the Old Spaghetti Factory's Chicken Parm. I won't call it bland, but it's nothing that the average home chef couldn't cook up for their family. I will give the place credit for the portions. It's not expensive and you get a lot of food. While the chicken itself was not huge, it comes with Spaghetti, an entire loaf of bread and butter, and a side salad. The salad was way too plain for my taste, but at least I had a little bit of vegetables to go with my meal. It's also quick. Take out orders are almost always said to be ready within 10 to 15 minutes.
3	Went for dinner here on a Tuesday night (recommended close to hotel).  First chair I sat in, the springs were completely out (sunk in).  Changed seats, and ok.  All entrees come with soup or salad; bread; coffee, tea, or milk; and a small dollop of ice cream for dessert.  The baked lasagna was good, along with the salad, although I've tasted better sauces for the lasagna.  The bread was not as good as say Outback Steakhouse bread either.  Overall though, good food and reasonably priced for all you get (you won't leave hungry).
5	I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet.  The Old Spaghetti Factory is my alltime favorite restaurant in the whole world, and has been since I was 3!  This is ALL because of their spaghetti with mizithra cheese....My mouth is watering right now just thinking about this dish.  With it's rediculously flavorful shredded goat and sheeps cheese (mizithra), and the warm brown butter and garlic sauce, this meal is decadent - but without the pricetag!  For $16 I can get this entree, with salad to start (their homemade ranch dressing is to die for), warm bread with garlic butter, dessert (spimoni or sherbert), AND a glass of wine.The decor is also amazing - so unique and eclectic, it's got a really fun ambience - complete with dining trolley in the center of the room!  There are private rooms for even small dinner parties (I had a private room for a dinner of 4 once, and it was simply luck of the draw).  The old arcade games (think pacman) in the lobby waiting room are entertaining as well.Basically, if I were on death row, this would be my choice for a last meal.  I have no idea how anything else tastes here, because I always order the same thing, and I always leave completely, happily, satisfied.
4	I have been a frequent diner at The Old Spaghetti Factory for my entire life...literally.  My parents dined here when I was still a wish on a star and it was still The Spaghetti Company, and my first meal "out" in my infant carrier was here...I really enjoy this place.  The food is always solid, the atmosphere pleasant, and the waitstaff, though it seems to turn over often, is usually very good.  The fact that most of their meals are inclusive, coming with a drink (soda not included), soup or salad and a choice of spumoni, sherbert or vanilla ice cream at the end is a real bonus!  A great place before a game downtown, to take familiy or friends from out of town, or just because.
4	The Old Spaghetti Factory has such a fun atmosphere.  We've gone twice and both times were sat in these booths that were like little rooms.  I loved it!  It's a really great place for kids, especially with these little booth rooms.  The food didn't really leave an impression on me, I don't think that's necessarily a bad thing though, it can't all be good.
2	Quality and service is terrible here. There is way many better Italian food restaurants in the valley. I got the egg plant parmesan and it looked like my 7 year old tried to make it or it came from a box. The sauce was so so. It's definitely more of a tourist attraction or a place for people who haven't eaten real Italian food. Save your money, get a can of Chef Boyardee. It tastes way better!
5	Such a great value! Drink, soup or salad, meal, AND dessert for one low price!! The atmosphere is unique (love the street car you can dine in) and the service is always on top of it plus the food is yummy. I would definitely suggest the Old Spaghetti Factory as a great place to eat in the Valley!!
3	I have such great memories as a child going to Old Spaghetti Factory in San Diego and Seattle. I've now realized those memories are most certainly due to the environment; for that, I give it three stars. It certainly is a good place to take a large group with kids every year or two.I give it two stars for the food. Not a good thing when you don't enjoy the spaghetti at a place called the Old Spaghetti Factory.
2	Something about The Old Spaghetti Factory that I love and then really don't like, not sure what exactly it is.  The pastas are just okay but other things on the menu are good.  The ambiance is fun and family feeling. Maybe it's because the food is just okay but I want it to be better because I want to like the place.  It's holds some nostalgic memories for me as well as the the quirky atmosphere that some would call old, but I like it. It  makes me enjoy actually being there, maybe not eating there though. This is a pretty lame review actually.  What was the point of this?  Not sure.
4	We held a group event here the other evening - - and the staff was great! I didn't even realize that we have an OSF in Phoenix, and right in the downtown area. The building was cool... a former house, I guess. But the interior was pretty cool, lots of small steps down and up every here and there. We had a large closed-off area for our group. No issues with the timing of the food or anything, as we had a couple servers overlooking our party of 20. I had the lasagna - -which was great! For dessert, I think we all had the mocha pie (or something like that). It was awesome!I'll come back again another time with my husband. Good times!
4	The ambiance of this place is pretty great.  I made the comment while we were having diner that it would be a great place for a first date.  That way, if it is awkward, at least there is plenty to look at to make the time pass.  The food was pretty good for the price.  The service was also great.  I'd happily go back again.
4	Have been going to the OSF since the early 90's...I think I have had almost every dish on the menu...Very consistanly good; the pasta is done al-dente just like my roommate prefers.  Love the new spaghetti squash side dish!!!YUM, YUM, YUM...
3	The more things change, the more they stay the same!First started going to OSF (Or was it Spag. Co??) on Mill Ave as a teenager.Dad and Mom had just split (temporarily) and Dad didn't have a lot of money.He'd take me here on payday, and it became a bit of a tradition for us.Back then, it was a place where we could have a "real" sit down dinner with soup or salad, entree, fresh bread and garlic butter, drink and dessert for CHEAP!These days, it's a place where you can have a "real" sit down dinner with soup or salad, entree, fresh bread and garlic butter, drink and dessert for CHEAP!Love the historic building.  Love the furniture, decor, antiques and mock-antiques.  (Granted, I didn't know any of them were mock until I met the man who does most of the stained glass that I *thought* was vintage.)Even though there's a huge capacity, it's split up to feel much more intimate.Is any of the food amazing?  No, but it's not trying to be.  This is good, old-fashioned Italian-American comfort food.  Sure, there's a couple updates (pesto ranch dressing, gluten free pasta) - but for the most part, it's the same menu you'd see in an Italian restaurant anywhere in America in the 1950's and 60's.  No risks taken on the menu - all very safe, middle of the road fare.But sometimes - that's *exactly* what I want!  Service is always friendly, food is always fresh, I've never left hungy.  Oh, and it's CHEAP!
1	Rated "10 best family restaurant chains". Fine, two reasons to hate it.
3	I don't eat a lot of pasta and I don't come here all the time.  However, I think the salad with pesto dressing and the garlic Mizithra (spaghetti with bacon, mushrooms, brown butter and cheese) are very good.  I have heard that the other stuff is good, too.  I have only been here for lunch, so I don't know what dinner is like. Sit in the trolley car -- you can ring the bell!It is located conveniently off the light rail stop at Central and McDowell, near the Phoenix Main Library.
1	Cool historic building but the service at lunch today was mediocre at best and stay away from the Chicken Parmigiana unless you like fishy tasting chicken.  The best part of my experience was the bread and butter.  :(
3	Based on the group rate vs the quality of the food received, I won't be recommending this place to friends very often.  Olive Garden, while a chain, has better quality food for the same price.  A plus that earned TOSF it's third star: the atmosphere is nice, it's knick knack but classy.
5	We love love love the Old Spaghetti Factory. I don't think there's been a single time I've been that I haven't had to wait, but it's ALWAYS worth it. I love their lasagna, the bread is really good. They have huge portion sizes, so we split a plate usually when we go, but it's so well worth it. The service has always been really good too. I will definitely go back again and again.
3	I don't know what they were shooting for with the decor, but what ever you are hoping your restaurant will look like I'm sure they have a place in there that will mach.The service was friendly and I enjoyed the various surroundings. But the food was sadly not up to par. I could make better spaghetti at home.
4	If you are looking for authentic goumet Italian food, this is not the place to go! The food is simple but tastes great. Good for large groups as the place is huge with many different rooms to be seated in. They offer a complete dinner: drink, bread, salad, entree, & ice cream for around $11. I had spaghetti & meatballs, pesto ranch on my salad, very tatsy- the hot sourdough was awesome and a scoop of spumoni ice cream. They offer whole wheat pasta, and gluten free pasta options. Full bar and friendly service. Happy Hour M-F 330 6pm. Give this place a try. Cool location, fun atmosphere, cheap prices
3	Tasty for fast no frills italian. Consistently tend to skimp on the marinara though. Always need to ask for a side of it when the meal comes. The fresh bread, salad, drink and dessert included can't be beat pricewise when dining out with the family.
4	Saying you like the OSF to some people seems to be the equivalent of saying you like to eat dog turds off the street. Foo on  you.OSF doesn't pretend to be anything that it isn't. It is a basic, solid, basic, unpretentious, basic, fun restaurant; it's the type of restaurant that is disappearing in this country, where we are rapidly becoming a nation of two choices: fast food or upscale. Here you will find generous sized portions, friendly service (almost over-zealously so), and a crowd of diners that are genuinely enjoying their experience. There is always at least 1 birthday song going on somewhere in the restaurant, and I've heard as many as 4 during one visit. You'll see a cable car, you'll hear creaking floors, you'll have ice cream (included) in a small metal dish.The salads are 100% iceberg. Want field greens or Romaine? Not here. Go somewhere else. The bread usually comes out so hot that you have to wait for it to cool. It tastes much less mass produced than the breadsticks at Olive Garden these days. You can have your spaghetti in the regular size or get the larger portion "for the hearty appetite". Where do you see that anymore? They have mizithra cheese. You won't find that at Bucca di Beppo. They have spumoni ice cream. Sorry, didn't notice that the last time I was at Gelato Spot. It's gotten to the point that I end up dining at OSF alone, with my Kindle. I hear laughs, fake puking sounds, see turned up noses when it is suggested. I've given up. It's definitely retro in atmosphere, and anything but trendy, but its consistent and satisfying.
3	I have been going off and on to this place since i was a kid!I went last weekend and i think more than anything i just LOVE the place it's self. The food is hit or miss and they took eggplant off the menu and i do have to say that was my favorite thing to get there. But the building is so beautiful and inside is so many eye catching things to look at. and they have a trolley inside as well, so the kids would love that.The service is AMAZING, i would give them a rating of 5 stars on that part, friendly, always around and quick.The prices are not bad either, your meal comes with a drink, salad or soup and dinner and dessert all included. i pretty much never get the dessert their portions are big.They do have a bar as well but it is not put to good use as i see it, it is in the back of the restaurant and they have never tried to make it a place to just go hang out and have drinks, too bad because it is pretty cool area.There is rumor that the building is haunted and that they do have ghosts in there, so keep your eyes and ears open!!It is just a warm beautiful place to go with friends, family or a date!!
4	We go to this Old Spaghetti Factory at least a couple times a year, and we are never disappointed. I agree with other reviewers that OSF has the best service they are always friendly and very attentive. I also like the ambiance it's so quirky and fun ( i.e. - last night we sat in a trolley car.) Now to the food...My husband and I both had the Potpourri dish, which is spaghetti noodles with four different sauces , but not mixed all up. I've been getting this for years and try to replicate the sauces at home but have yet to be successful. For people who are indecisive like myself, it's the perfect solution! I recommend OSF to anyone who is looking for a complete (salad, bread, entree, scoop of ice cream) hearty meal for under $25. It may not be super traditional Italian but it is tasty and a good price.
2	Not worth the price
3	3 stars is sufficient..... I feel the prices are on the high side...Yes, I know it  comes with a small salad, bread, a drink (iced tea or milk is included, but not soda....go figure), & a small cup of ice cream, but it still seems a little pricey to me. I felt like the portions are all not that big.  I love the Mizithra Cheese...So yummy! But there were a few times where I felt like they didn't really give you enough on the spaghetti.... I felt a little gipped.  If you really want Italian Food, then go to Oregano's instead!...NOW we're talkin'!
3	Just a nice, clean, decent pasta. I love the brown butter and cheese pasta. But you should not be expecting a lot when that side salad comes out. I think it was probably in a bowl in the freezer with Saran Wrap on it until that morning--and it was not thawed out fully. That's not a deal-breaker for me though; this is a pasta place. I wasn't in love with the meatballs, but the sausage was pretty good. I'd go back if I craved just a plate of pasta with no frills, and didn't mind sitting in the middle of creepy decor to have it.
3	This place was pretty surprising because I have driven by it numerous times but never had been inside.  The inside is huge and looks like it can serve a lot of people, which explains why it looks so packed on weekend.  The food is average but they do give you big portions enough that maybe two or three people can easily share two plates.  The service was pretty good as well.
4	I come here about 4 or 5 times a year. It's consistently good. There is ample seating, so I've never waited long. It's off Central, so the parking is horrid. Their lot holds a good number, but it can be tricky to get in and out when crowded - I don't drive my van here.  I am always pleased with the food. I find the salads ok - I really like their Balsalmic Vinigarette dressing - I'll mop the leftover with bread. I typically get spaghetti with meat sauce and sausage. The sauce has a good flavor. The Brown Butter with Mizithra Cheese is incredible - but very rich.  The staff is always courteous, and I rarely have to wait for anything.
2	Overpriced and underimpressed!While the wait staff is friendly, courteous and very efficient, the food sucks.  I paid over $10 for a "shrimp" salad that was 1 head of dressed butterleaf lettuce, 10 croutons, a few sliced cherry tomatoes and 8 shrimps - NOT marinated as promised.  A joke of a salad.Every time we visit this establishment (per the behest of visiting parents) I'm less and less impressed.Next time the folks are in town, we'll be seeking out a different restaurant.
3	I don't want to wax nostalgic here, but I have fond memories of a Spaghetti Factory from long ago.  Numerous trips to the library or art museum in Phoenix, followed by a trip to the this location.   In the early to mid 1980's I remember the Tempe location serving hungry college students 2 for 1 meal  specials on  Sunday afternoons.In more recent years, this Phoenix location has been a family favorite, suitable for get-togethers, child friendly, centrally located.  A few years ago, I would be giving a 4 star rating. My most recent visits have Spaghetti Factory at a solid 3.  Why, you ask?  Well, I'm happy to share!Keep in mind the name of this restaurant:  SPAGHETTI Factory.  The menu:  what was once an easy to navigate document is now overloaded with too many options.  Spaghetti is buried in the middle of the book.  Let's face it folks, spaghetti is cheap. Keep the menu simple, with its namesake food easy to find.  More frustrating is the lunch structure.  For years one could get their favorite spaghetti and sauce combos in a smaller quantities, with drink and spumoni inclusive, for a reduced rate.  Now, lunch options are salads or sandwiches, with a pasta option offered as a note at the top.  No drink or spumoni option, unless you buy the dinner size.  Why???  Thank goodness they've kept their pasta sauces the same.  You can't go wrong with any of them- one of my favorites is the spaghetti with half meat sauce and half brown butter mizithra cheese.  Sublime!  The mushroom sauce is another tempting choice.  My husband loves the clam sauce, and my kids are all over the board.  I like the addition of the option for steamed broccoli in large quantity- an excellent option for a large family gathering.  Salads are still crisp and cold, dressings still fresh, bread still warm and tasty.  I've ordered salad entrees, great quality and balance of flavors.  Really, no complaints about the food, but the food is not all there is to a good rating.Combine the lack of menu focus and lost menu options with consistantly (last 4 visits) slow food service, and we move from a 4 to a 3.  Servers are friendly enough, but it seems that everyone is moving in slow motion, save for a couple managers and long-term servers, scurrying about.  Just a little tightening up on service, plus a simplification of menu (bring back the lunch drink option), and I think we could hit the 4 star zone once again.
4	We went to the OSF last night before the Suns game and it was another great experience. I love that it's on the light rail path so that you can hop off, eat, and get back on and head downtown. The service is always friendly and you always get a hearty meal at a good price! The hot out of the oven sourdough bread is the best!! If anything come for the bread.
5	This is the superior of the two OSFs in the Valley.  On my most recent visit, I had a Meat Lover's plate--2 Sicilian meatballs, an Italian sausage, and penne pasta, all in a fantastic meat sauce.  Probably the best plate of pasta I've had in a LONG time.Fill that out with minestrone soup, hot sourdough with butter, and attentive service, and you have a great meal.  My wife and daughter like the mizithra cheese pastas--not my taste, but they enjoy it, and that's all that matters.  Plus, an Italian dinner for 4 for about fifty-something dollars is pretty kickass.  I'm absolutely a fan of the OSF.  After trying Italian food all over the Phoenix area for months, this location is still, as of now, my pick for the best pasta in the Valley.The penne REALLY IS amazing here.  If you haven't been to this OSF yet, you're really missing something special.
4	Came here tonight with the boyfriend and I must say I was pretty impressed. For starters they had a Honey Jack Daniels Lemon Drop....the bomb!!! If you haven't had one go right now totally yummy!!I had the spaghetti with meat sauce and he had the #3 Meat Lovers Plate...Spaghetti w/meat sauce, Italian Sausage and Meatballs.  Both were pretty tasty. What I loved most about this place though was it reminded me of happy times of my childhood. I spent many a birthdays at the one in downtown San Diego. It was nice that it hadn't changed that much...just better drinks now ;)
3	Really cool atmosphere, you can even sit in a trolley! Great value too. Soup or salad, pasta, and ice cream all included in the price.
2	The Old Spaghetti Factory is a fun chain restaurant where both families and larger, alcohol-fueled gatherings are at home.  I come from an area where "red Italian" menu items are commonplace, and mediocrity is the norm.  From this perspective, the cooking here is comforting and old-school; a notch above the ordinary, but nothing to get excited about.  Fortunately, portions are very generous, prices are quite reasonable and The Old Spaghetti Factory scores on that basis.  The lasagna was loaded with meat and just enough ricotta to balance.  Not enough mozzarella was buried under a thick coat of ho-hum tomato sauce.  Several other cheeses were (literally) throw-in's, the dish would improve with their removal or replacement with adequate quantities of garlic, basil, oregeno and/or onion.  Seasoning, in general, appears to be oriented toward their pre-school and geriatric patrons.  My coworker had the crab raviolli; it looked delicious, but a bit light on crab.  She did enjoy it.  While David was a capable and friendly waiter, the kitchen let him (and us) down.  Our appetizers and entrees were brought to the table within a minute of each other; completely unacceptable, and cause for the loss of one star.
2	Wow..what a waste. Starting with the menus I should have known it was going to turn out to be a horrible meal, raggedy and dirty that they were. THe color on everything that we were served was off and pale. The salads were pathetic and everything needed salt, its amazing what a dash will do to cheeses. The meals were touted as hearty and fulfilling, but its been a long time since Ive seen my husband clear his plate, which is either a good thing or bad thing i feel it was sadly mislead..I was so disappointed but at very least I didnt feel bad about not taking off my running jacket before dinner, this may be the blue plate headQuarters and home of the $10 bowl of pasta, but if your looking for class and/or quality pass.... Olive Garden would be a better bet..
4	This was an affordable lunch option for two kids and two adults.  The food was very good, priced well, and plentiful.  The bread was nice and steamy as we sliced into it.  My Mom seemed to enjoy her salad and I thought the minnestroni soup was delicious.  Our pasta dinners were good and we all enjoyed the spumoni ice cream.  Also, the iced tea was nice and fresh.  A delightful meal.Metro Light Rail Stop at McDowell & Central
3	UMMMM.....the bread is the bomb.com, the salad is just a plain salad [nothing like Olive Garden]annnd the chicken penne pasta with marinara and alfredo sauce was A-OK. It's a cute place and I really like the atmosphere...there's really not much to say I guess. It wasn't so bad where I have to write a two page review bashing the place...but it wasn't so good where I have to write a three page review praising the place...the end.
4	This place is very nolstagic. It used to be two houses, then they combined them, then it became a furniture store, and still bears those marks, made apparent by the shag furniture still in the window up front. Nice touch. It's supposed to be haunted but our waitress informed us that she hasn't seen anything and says the building is settling. In the women's bathroom, you do feel like you're being watched, every step of the way. =)We have sat in the trolley and in the booths. Bring a flashlight because it's way too dark. The menu resembles a newspaper. If you get overwhelmed by the menu, remember that you can always get spaghetti. We brought extra money just to get the Italian sodas in the Spaghetti Factory brand glasses. That way we got to keep the two glasses and have a souve. Authentic spumoni can be had here.
4	I went to the OSF yesterday for lunch.  I ordered one of their classic dishes, the Lasagna.The service was fast and friendly.  The serving was good size and came with a drink, salad and a small loaf of sour dough bread, all for around $12.  The lasagna had plenty of cheese and a meaty sauce, but was laking in taste.A lunch menu was available and would have been a few dollars cheaper.If you are looking for a quick and affordable place for Italian food, The Old Spaghetti Factory is a good choice.
2	I heard nothing but praise about the food and atmosphere of this chain restaurant. I loved the look of this place inside and out. Great rustic barrels and old barber chairs in the bar area gave a unique look.Service was friendly and fast. Food was less than desirable. Salad was nothing but iceberg lettuce (and I got a stump) with some shredded red cabbage. My pasta dish was spaghetti with a white clam sauce. It was too salty and there was a sprinkling of microscopic clam bits. I always take leftovers home, this time I didn't. While the prices are good it's not worth a less than average meal. Husband was equally disappointed with his chicken marsala. Chances of going back are slim to none.
2	The atmosphere and servers were great.. But the food was not the best italian that I have had... The spinach dip was decent.. I got the No.1 The Premier (Lasagna and Chicken Marsala). The Lasagna was slightly cold and the chicken marsala had a rubbery/fatty bottom that I ended up cutting the chicken up and not eating it.
5	So, this Phoenix institution is not gonna win any awards for its food.  There are a whole lotta other reasons why we go here.  It feels like your grandma's place and my kids love it.  I've been going there for nearly 40 years.  The food is dependable and tasty and the cost is very reasonable.  Know that you are always going to wait in the lobby, even if there are several table available.  It's a good tactic.
3	I've only been here twice, after the annual City of Phoenix Bicycle Summit, which happens @ Burton Barr Public Library.  I enjoy the size of the place, and the eclectic decor.  The service was ok.  The food was fine.  The first year we ate there after the summit, I was upset by the lack of bicycle parking.  I ended up locking my bike to a pipe behind the restaurant and worrying the whole time. This year, my friend Joseph had a bicycle rack in his truck.  It was a special bike rack that the city offered to local businesses.  He pulled it out of his truck and put it in front of the restaurant.  We locked up and went in to eat.  When we finished, we returned to find that a couple of bikes who were not in our party had locked up to the rack.We found the manager of the restaurant, and he and Joseph worked out the details for maintaining the safety of the rack and returning it to its rightful owner.  As we unlocked our bikes, a party of 10-12 bicyclists from the neighborhood pulled in and waited for us to vacate the rack.  Bicycle racks bring business, yo!
3	Sour dough bread was delish! The lasagna was DELISH!!!  Word is....the brown butter dish and crab raviol is also amazing.
5	This place was a lot of fun to bring the kids. When we got there, the wait was pretty short, my husband requested a seat in the train, so we walked around the lobby while our table was being prepared. I'm glad we had the time to stroll around, all the creepy old rooms were awesome. The PacMan game is a great touch.As we approached the table, my 5 year old's smile stretched from to ear at the sight of walking up those train car stairs. Our server was prompt and courteous. Our food was good, I had the cheese ravioli, the kids had some spaghetti, and my husband had the chicken Marsala. But  I'm not a foodie, so this is not about the food. It was about the ambiance. Which was fantastic. The food was good enough to not lose any stars because of it. The refills were on point. The only negative was that all of the tables around us were dirty. But I think that's because the train is too small to have a busser in there while customers are there. It, at the very least, would be a tight fit with the possibility of him bumping in to us.The check was small. Love that. It's a very affordable restaurant.Next time we come, we're riding the tram and sitting at the bar. I forgot how cool this place was. We were glad the kids had a weird spaghetti craving that night.
5	They will forever be my favorite place to eat when I'm wanting pasta!Let's start with the bread. It's alway fresh and the butter is easy to spreadThen the salad is great with the pesto ranch yummmm! Every pasta I have gotten I've never been disappointed with. My favorite is the mizithra cheese on one side and meat sauce on the other. AMAZING!
5	I have always had very good Italian food, good service, & great atmosphere.  One reason I have been here several times is because of the convenient location across from the Metro.  This place also has great history, having been here since 1972.  I would definitely recommend this place. =)
3	The food was really good, the service was really bad.... Lindsey the FOH Manager took great care us and it wasen't neccessary. Thank You.....
3	I've seen this place downtown for years and finally went for a work-related holiday lunch with a party of 10.  Now I've heard rave reviews for years, but I have to say I was a bit disappointed with the food.  The server was friendly and efficient, and though we waited a bit for our food, they kept the hot bread coming, which was quite tasty.   I had the Italian Sausage sandwich.  It was a few small pieces of sausage, average flavor, on what looked and tasted like a somewhat large hotdog bun that had been on the counter for a while.  I was still hungry afterwards.  Now, I can go to a deli and get a bigger sausage sub with way more sausage for the same price and end up taking half home for later.  I will say that it was not at all expensive and that combined with the decent service is why I gave 3 stars.
5	Great food and fun atmosphere!Highly recommend chicken parmigiana.
5	I forgot to post this last month......Best this place has been in years! Shrimp salad, chicken marsala, lasagna... all awesome! Service was the best its been in a long time too. I think our waitress was pregnant, I forgot to ask her name, but she was great!
3	The Brown butter sauce and pesto ranch are both worth trying at least once.
5	I have always enjoyed this establishment and have eaten at maybe 12 of them all around the country. I only have gotten one dish through all these years and that is really the only reason to go to OSF - get the mizithra spagetti with browned butter. Now that prices for a full meal have nearly doubled (for dinner), the best time to go is during lunch. You still get a giant hot loaf of sourdough bread with real butter, salad or soup and entree for $7.99. Originally, our waiter said the ice tea and desert (scoop of decent sherbert or average spumoni) was extra, but I guess he was feeling nice and he offered those items for free. This cheese is really good when combined with the butter and it is always one of my fav dishes and never had a bad meal at any OSF across the land (west of Nashville only).     Yeah, its an old building, but this is one of the original factories and that lends some charm. Love the spaghetti tree up front and they even have an old school phone booth (with closing doors) to sit in and remember the good ole' days of pay phones and rotary dialing.
3	Meh.  Tastes like a chain. Oh wait, it is! I've had worse food; I'll leave it at that.
2	I came here with a group of at least 30 people during a recent business trip. Honestly the food is mediocre but the service is decent. I really want to give this place 2.5 stars but the food was just not all that.B R I E F  S U M M A R Y-- Nice big parking lot-- Train stops right in front (I took it from the Westin)-- Interesting old arcade but some stuff is broken and doesn't work-- Chain restaurant & they seem to be all about the same-- Service is decent considering 30+ people-- Salad is iceburg mix = below average-- Pesto dressing = their take on ranch-- House bread is good when it's hot and fresh-- Appetizers were just OK-- Garlic cheese bread with marinara was probably the best-- Olive dip was weird - not my thing-- Artichoke dip was OK - thought it was interesting that it had shrimp-- Meatball sliders were decent-- Don't bother with the Lasagne, it tasted so processed-- Chicken Marsala was way more edible than the lasagne but still average-- Free spumoni was the best thing all night!Sorry but I actually have one of these restaurants in my town. I would rate them all below Olive Garden in reference to food quality and taste. Service can differ, of course. I thought our server(s) did a decent job with 30+ people in my party. There were long pauses and then it was like the kitchen was pounding us with food. Originally I wanted to give them 3 stars but the food quality was bad. I couldn't justify an average rating for way below average Italian. I definitely would have rather had Olive Garden or a Mom & Pop's Italian joint. The appetizers weren't too bad but really just unfulfilling and heavy carbs (duh, it's Italian). My entree was really disappointing. I was able to put down the Chicken Marsala but the Lasagne was just meh. I could taste the greasy ground beef and it had no flavoring or freshness to it.This experience just solidified my opinion on all Spaghetti Factories. I would pass if I were you but I'm not sure what other options there are in Phoenix.
3	Not that good
3	While visiting Phoenix, a fellow foodie said I MUST go to the Old Spaghetti Factory. I like the atmosphere. We sat in the bar area. It was kind of divey feeling with an antique flair. I wasn't impressed with the menu offerings. It seems scant for a place that came so highly recommended. I got the chicken parmigana. It was mediocre. Probably should have gotten the spaghetti my dinner mate was so smitten with. I did like that our meals came with a yummy cup of gellato. Delicious! It was pretty good, but not great. I'd be willing to try it again before casting it aside.
4	I've loved Old Spaghetti Factory (Spaghetti Company) for 20+ years. The Mizithra/Garlic Butter is so tasty. Prices are really reasonable and service friendly if not always perfect. I give them 4 stars for great value, quirky fun ambience, good basic menu.
4	Love the food, but I'm docking one star because they REDUCED THEIR PORTIONS.  I used to leave this place full.  Now, I'm not 100% satisfied upon exiting unless I fill up on bread.  :/
1	Horrible Service. Food was sub par. Not as good as an Olive Garden. Expected a more authentic taste. The decor was the only positive. Again, horrible SERVICE! I do not recommend.
1	Disgusting!I've always wanted to go here because the buildings and the decor pulled me in. The food was worse than fast food. Pasta was overcooked. Broccoli tasted old, like really old. I actually considered leaving a tip and ditching the bill because I was appalled that I would have to give this minimal, barely edible restaurant money. A place like this doesn't deserve to take your money. There was absolutely no effort put in the food or service.
3	Not as good as I remember, but the service is top notch.
5	Loved it!  Reasonably priced.  Lots of food!  And I like the atmosphere/setting.
3	I keep wanting this place to be better, especially at pasta dishes. It's kitschy, convenient, affordable. It is not inspiring, memorable, or even current. Maybe Robert Irvine could pay a visit
4	This is a decent sized chain with great food, but what get's me every time is the extremely sensational atmosphere. This location has so much too look at you'll definitely find your eyes wandering as you eat, either in admiration or just trying to figure out what the heck that thing is over there!
2	I have always loved The Spaghetti Factory.. the food is still good but our service was possibly the worst I have ever had. We had to ask for everything and waited and waited for him to bring what we had asked for, had to ask the hostess for items because the thing our server did best was disappear. Our dessert was served with the dirty dishes on the table and he failed to bring clean spoons. What a disapointment as we were celebrating a birthday..
1	A good friend and I were in downtown Phoenix at lunchtime.  I was excited we might eat at one of my favorites along Central (Postino, Fez, Windsor).  But, since it was really my friend's day, when she asked about restaurants, I deferred, "What did you have in mind?"  She said "How about The Old Spaghetti Factory".  I tried not to let my lip curl in disgust (I dislike all chain Italian restaurants).  But, again, deferring to her, I said "Sure, I always like to try new places." We were seated fairly promptly.  The decor was kitschy, but we had a nice table with comfy chairs.  Our waiter brought bread and took our drink order.  I asked if their iced tea was caffeine free, he said "Oh yes, we brew it ourselves."  WHAT?!?.  Just because they brew it instead of taking it from a soda gun doesn't guarantee it's caffeine free.Having been there before, my friend knew she wanted the lasagna.  Being Italian, I never order lasagna in restaurants as I know mine is better ( I make 2 kinds of lasagna, regular that just takes a few hours, and then the grand dame,  lasagna bolognese, which takes 2 days, with all the braising and creating 2 separate sauces).  I had a bad vibe theirs wouldn't hold a candle to even my "lazy" lasagna.  I chose spaghetti with mizithra and brown butter, supposedly their signature dish.  All entrees come with bread, soup or salad, and tea or coffee.Our waiter took our order.  My friend asked for the lunch portion of lasagna.  The waiter replied "Oh, we don't have lunch portions of the lasagna, just dinner size.".  My first thought: it's FROZEN.  My second thought: nice way to up-sell buddy.  She had cream of broccoli soup and I had salad with pesto ranch on the side.  Our waiter delivered the soup and salad, but forgot the dressing.  He said he'd be right back with it.  When we flagged him down 5 minutes later, he was surprised I had no dressing, saying "I told the busboy to bring it to you."  This must have been the same busboy who was so busy doing anything but his job that a nearby table remained uncleared during our entire meal.  Soon, he dropped off a small silver dish containing a pesto ranch popsicle.  Yes, the dressing was FROZEN.  I had to stir it so it would thaw enough to pour.  The salad was a big plate of pedestrian iceberg, cabbage and carrots with packaged croutons that appeared as if they had been chopped in half to stretch them.My friend was sorely disappointed with her lasagna, saying it didn't taste like she remembered from past visits.  I told her it was probably because it was frozen pre-packaged, which was why they couldn't cut it into lunch portions.  My spaghetti with mizithra was so bland, I'm sure any finicky toddler or nursing home patient with a digestive disorder could have tolerated it (and I'm not insulting seniors or anyone with digestive issues, as my husband suffers from one, I'm just commenting on the utter lack of flavor in this dish).  Where's the garlic?  Where's the nutty goodness of brown butter?  I don't think what they used ever came from a cow, I'm quite sure it was industrial grade margarine.  Sadly, even their bread wasn't all that flavorful.  It looked and smelled good when it first arrived hot to the table, but shortly after, it seemed extremely flavorless and the "butter" added nothing.All I could think was "Robert Irvine would have a field day trying to fix this place on Restaurant:  Impossible!", then I remembered he doesn't work with chains.  As Daniel D alluded, Olive Garden would have been a better choice.
3	Great place, friendly people, very cool old house turned into a restaurant. The server was not all there, he must have been new. I asked him three times for lemon for water, took him twice to bring a Corona, and he not once checked up on us after our main courses were served to see how the food was. That leads to this, because I was waiting ever so patiently for him to come back and ask - my pasta was very dry, not much sauce on it. I wanted to see if I could have another side of sauce but it seriously took him so long to come back I ended up just eating it. It was a good dish, I'm trying to check the menu right now but it's not showing up. It was veruceli (sp?) pasta, the spiciest on the menu, which I would give it a 6/10 for spicyness. Good place though with decent prices!
1	Stay as far away as you can from this place.  I have been twice and both times both of our entrees were cold.  The last time I came I should have known I was going to have a bad experience by the fact that the kitchen manager and floor manager were chit chatting on the floor the entire time I was there.  I ordered the Breast of Chicken Fettuccine.  It was possibly the worst pasta dish I have ever had.  The chicken was so dry I could not eat it.  It tasted like it was either boiled, reheated or a little of both.  The cold stale pasta and sauce did little to compliment it, so I picked the broccoli out and that was that.  I wonder how they are teaching servers nowadays because when I was still in the industry and two plates looked untouched we were taught to inquire about what was wrong.  I did not feel the need to complain because as I stated before the manager was obviously too busy hanging out nonchalantly to care about my awful dish.  I would stay away unless you are just of the greedy type that don't mind stale pasta because they will give you a heaping serving for around $10.
3	I came for the nostalgia and remembered why I never ate here often back in Utah.  The food isn't terrible by any means, but growing up with a grama who made marinara from scratch it's difficult for me like most italian restaurants.  I had a great time here in spite of the slow service, over cooked bread less than ideal seating.  Because I like going to places that remind me of being a kid I have no doubt I'll be back again.
4	Ah, The Old Spaghetti Factory. We first met in Tacoma whilst I played tourist almost 20 years ago. I've since bumped into you in Spokane, Denver and here in the homeland. For a chain, consistently good food for a good price. Salad and ice cream dessert included!
4	The Old Spaghetti Factory is an excellent choice of dining for both family and small dates. The price is fair, the food is made well and the service is above average.The atmosphere is probably the biggest plus about this place. The restaurant has a fun but rustic feel with old wood barrels stacked about and a trolley car fitted with tables for dining in. The antique dining furniture combined with healthy portions of good food make this one of my favorite restaurant chains.Free ice cream after a meal doesn't hurt its repertoire either.
2	My girlfriend and I recently ate here, but it wasn't anything I would recommend. At least, not to anyone I liked...The Expectation:  Her Dad wanted to take the two of us out for dinner, and his wife had suggested 'The Old Spaghetti Factory'. I had never been to the place before, but I know a few of my family have went there on separate occasions with nothing but good things to say. So, I figured we'd try it, I'd say I was even eager to do so.The Wait:  We arrived for dinner, roughly about 6pm on a weeknight. We were told by the hostess that it would be about "ten or fifteen minutes" to seat our table of four. At first, I thought that was a little weird, seing it didn't appear ridiculously busy from the lobby or by the amount of cars parked outside, and it wasn't like we were an abnormally large group. But it was cool, they had what seemed like several waiting rooms with different types of chairs and sofas to sit on, and some cool, old "stuff" to look at....Twenty minutes later.It seemed like there were at least three different, larger groups of people that came in after us, and were seated before us. I wasn't really sure how that worked, but, just as I was just about to approach the hostess podium to inquire about our wait, the hostess called our party's name and began to walk us to our table.The Service:  Our hostess sat us at a four top table, located in one of the corners of the main dinning room. She apologized for the wait, noting that the area we' were sitting in was supposed to be closed, but they were making room in order to seat us, she also mentioned that our waitress should be by in a minute or so. It didn't take long for our waitress to come by to tell us she'd be right with us, but then it took forever for her to return and take our drink order.One of the least pleasant particulars of the evening was our waitress being super short with us at every encounter. It was like we had done something wrong by sitting in her section. By the time she returned with our drinks, I think we all knew exactly what we were ordering; which seemed to somehow catch her off guard, as if she was stressed to take our order.The Meal:  I had the Chicken Marsala which came with Mizithra Cheese & Browned Butter, and my girlfriend had the Spinach & Cheese Ravioli. Both entrees included bread for the table, and the choice of soup or salad. I had a Caesar (upgraded at an additional cost.) and she had a side salad with vinaigrette.The salads were alright, iceberg lettuce, which was 'meh' and the Caesar came with tomatoes, which I scoffed at, just a little. My entree wasn't horrible, although, it did seem like a pretty measly serving for the price. It tasted just mediocre, - I could've swore the tomatoes/sauce on the Raviolis was canned, whatever it was, it was pretty bitter. I'm usually not one to complain about the waiting staff allowing you to enjoy your meal in peace, but that was not the case in this instance. The waitress rarely came by the table to check on us, at all. She came by and asked us if we enjoyed our meal, (laughable,) if there was anything more she could get for us, or if we needed to-go boxes, while taking our dishes away. She left us, again, for an eternity. Returning with our check and some small boxes.The Outcome:  I tried to keep the group positive while we sat, as others around us seemed to be enjoying themselves. But without another, much improved dinning experience, I would probably go elsewhere. Honestly, I don't love/hate/mind Olive Garden, but this place wasn't even that good.I walked my girlfriend back to our car with a disappointed stomach, and a sad little to-go box, both half-full of mediocre food. - Maybe we can go somewhere good on Friday night...
3	The food is great, the decor is so-so. Sometimes I wonder how long it's been since some of the display items have been cleaned. Makes me a little leary of what other corners they might be cutting, but have never really had a problem with food quality of service.
3	We stopped here dinner on the way to an event in downtown Phoenix. We got there at 4 pm so they were not very busy yet. The service was excellent and they were very attentive. We had the Shrimp, Spinach and Artichoke appetizer and it was delicious. I highly recommend this appetizer. For an entree I got the Spagehetti Vesuvious. This is also a very flavorable dish with sausage, chicken and peppers. The sauce is blended and  comes on a large bed of spagehetti. The entree is good but not the best Italian I have had. If you are looking for good food and excellent service this is the place.
5	The Old Spaghetti Factory, was wonderful... Everyone I was with enjoyed their meal. Also the coffe was to die for. I will definitely go back when I am in the area.
5	By far my favorite restaurant in the valley. Great food and staff with enough bang for your buck. if you are unsure of what to order you really can't go wrong with a classic!
1	Went for dinner me and my 9 years old sonOrder 1 adult mill and one kids millNo drinks jest whether When the bill came the whiter whit next to me until I get Har payment and my son was noisy   So I didn't cake so Mach the billWell it was 31 dollar .....And I also had tip What A rip off.
4	This place is a Phoenix original! Although  it used to be called The Spaghetti Company, things change. But, it is basically the same.Because, the owner got divorced he lost this location to his wife, who had it join the Chain of Spaghetti Factory.At first with all the changes, it suffered and was not as good as the Company was. But, they have ironed it out a bit and now it is better.The food is good. Not authentic Italian, but for the price it is a fantastic deal.Nothing to complain about at all.  You get a lot of food for a very low price.It is decorated really great. Very old fashioned Victorian style.Servers are friendly and do the best they can, because this place is always packed full.You get soup or salad, bread and butter, a meal , and dessert. All for less than $10.00.The menu has a lot to choose from as well.It is a great place to take children, because the whole family can go out and it does not break the bank. Bathrooms are clean, and lots of parking, additional in the back.
3	It's a chain, but doesn't feel much like a chain.  But it feels very local, because it's in a historic home, and near downtown Phoenix.  It doesn't really feel Italian, more a local Phoenix feel. That's where the charm ends.  The food is about average, sadly I'd say below even Olive Garden.  And the service is totally hit and miss...  Service is sometimes great, and sometimes just dysfunctional teen who can't speak clearly.  Overall, It's only a 3 star, average..
5	So I'm sitting in the trolly car at The Old Spaghetti Factory in Newport Beach, CA trying to figure out what to order. Then I noticed I've been to many of the locations listed on the menu. So it hit me, I need to type up a review for each location I've been to. But the truth is that they are all good. The food is yummy and I think the home made salad dressing us the best. I love the atmosphere and of corse the garlic bread. If you have not been to one of the many locations I highly recommend you give them a try. If your in vacation and want a fun family restaurant give them a call and bake a reservation because some times the wait is long.
3	Damn, these portions are huge. The garlic bread is to die for, and the pasta is just the right amount of filling. The food isn't the best quality, but it's got quantity and it is satisfying. That's all one could really ask for as far as I'm concerned.
2	Pretty standard chain restaurant although if you're searching for a familiar old place this is it.The service here was friendly and efficient and overall a pretty good value.
4	VALUE. You get an entree, Bread, Salad, desert and coffee or Tea  for about $10. That's a steal. Some of the entrees are pretty average but the mizithra cheese spaghetti is OUTSTANDING, and i always leave here full.  I'd give them 3 stars for most of their food, but I have to bump them a star because the value you get is rare and the mizithra is worth the trip alone.
5	Wonderfully charming place filled with attention to detail and comfort food!It is perfect for large & small groups. The food is very reasonably priced and the environment is appropriate for adults and children alike. I love the wooden floors, the cable car that sits in the center (it's a treat to be seated inside!), the separation of dinning areas into different rooms that provide large groups a measure of privacy & the small tables for 2 that all have plush and unique chairs.This location is on Central, directly across from the light rail. Unlike most restaurants in the area, it has a very large parking lot. Not having to worry about parking makes meals here that much more enjoyable :)
5	Ok this place was soo fantastic. I ordered the appetizer Sicilian garlic cheese bread. It had the perfect amount of cheese and garlic. The bread wasn't hard either just right. For my main entree I went with chicken broccoli fettuccine Alfredo. I definitely made the right choice. It tasted delicious! To top it off they include dessert with dinner. :)
4	Great place, great location, and for downtown EXCELLENT parking. The food was wonderful.  And despite the fact that every table seemed to be filled with holiday office parties, we were seated and served quickly.
4	I went there with a group of 50.  The waitresses are friendly and able to get everyone in and out in less than 2 hours.  We were all ordering off a la carte, it wasn't that we have limited menu, but yet the food all came at the same time and everyone is happy.
3	Not the greatest pasta out there. But then again, what is? I enjoyed the "Manager's Favorite," where you can pick two of their five sauces. I went with White Clam Sauce and Mizithra Cheese and Browned Butter. Definitely very buttery. Like Paula Deen buttery.The interior is fun. We sat inside a train or cable car of some sort. Not much else to say. Decent dinner. Decent prices.
3	I have been going here since I was a little girl! Lately, the service hasn't been great but still love The Manager's Favorite and good prices.Today, we ordered the appetizer Burger Sliders- what came was 1 meatball on a bun. We sent it back being there was nothing on it (caramelized onions) and confused cause it didn't mention meatball, just was supposed to be burger sliders like anyplace you order. We flagged down a manager and him and our server brought back with onions, but insisted that's how it's supposed to be. When leaving, we mention to a different manager (Stefan) and he totally agreed with us. There's a new menu coming, but still not excusable that what we got was definitely not BURGER sliders (no matter how much the other manager,server, and hostess was trying to convince us meatballs are basically the same thing!) Stefan took care of us with offering to give us our money back and a coupon for next time. He saved this trip from us not wanting to come back!
3	Went during their anniversary celebration.  The building definitely has some character.  But I also felt overwhelmed as if it was a labyrinth of Italian food - but I also understand its been their for a good amount of time so that has no bearing on the star rating.  Anyways. Service was really lacking here.  Ordered a beer when we sat down and didn't get it until after the appetizer.  Got the artichoke dip.  It was good but the value for what we paid wasn't worth it. Free bread was good. Nice and warm and tasty.  Entrees came and were good too.  Pasta cooked well.  Got the brown butter with cheese, very tasty. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their food as well.  When server brought entrees said shed be back to refill water glasses, that didn't happen until desserts came......., so why even come? Not only that but our cheese dispenser was empty when we sat down, was told by runner that he would bring a new one, waited for 5 min, then I just got up and took it from another table. Not sure if it was just bc of the specials they were running and thus slowing down service but I would go back bc of the price point of the food. But if the service was the same I'd probably not come.
3	I've avoided coming to OSF because my ex put the fear of Yelp in me about how bad this place was, so much so that nearly four years after the break-up I was still hesitant to dine here. [I truly respect his opinion on eating out]. But my bestie Jason and I were meeting a few friends to attend an N2T production and this was the closest open restaurant on the light rail.Yeah, this is a chain and probably a step above Olive Garden. But what impressed me was the Garlic Mizithra:  Brow butter. Mizithra cheese. Garlic. Bacon. Especially the bacon; I'm a sucker for bacon. Not only did I eat the entire bowl of pasta, after digging into the wonderful sourdough bread and putting a serious dent in the tapenade, I left wearing some memorable stains from the butter. Meh, that's why I brought a scarf.While I cannot say I'd add this to my regular rotation, I wouldn't not return.
2	ABSOLUTELY terrible. First I ordered a diet coke that was watered down. Cheap. The garlic cheese bread came back tasting like plastic, and left an after taste where possibly the oven they use gives that taste off.... we immediately told them about it they replaced it with another one (this one was garnished as opposed to the first one) and it tasted the same. Probably store bought.... my fiancee ordered the chicken paramagiana and I ordered spaghetti with meatballs and Italian sausage. His plate came back with this small piece of chicken to the side of his spaghetti. Flavorless and not worth the cost. Mine came back a mess. The meatballs, are definitely either not homemade and store bought or they over cooked it, and left it sitting for a while. When I cut into the meatball it was so hard to cut through, when I tasted it it was cold and again flavorless. A note worthy to the Head Chef: use seasoning on everything or change careers. The spaghetti was hard, not smooth tasting like they should be. The marinara sauce on everything we ordered was bland. It tasted like a can of tomatoes and that's it. No garnishes anywhere. The Italian sausage I was afraid to even bite into. When I did, it was cold and spit it right out. From the moment we got there, our host walked us to our table mentioning how they were "surprisingly busy." I'm sure this may have been the case for the night, and the kitchen dropped the ball because they may have been overwhelmed or understaffed... Either way no excuse to serve what they served. I went and nicely told our server it was not her, we were actually pleased with her, but for our first time, it was horrible and we wouldn't return. Adam the manager then came out told us his apologies, went back to the kitchen, and found out they did overcook and let the food sit, so apparently from Adam's words he said they were afraid of being in trouble, which now they were all "in trouble." Any ways, they only got a 2 star only because Adam and the server were nice and they ended up comping the entire bill except for $2 for the iced tea my fiancee ordered (which also sucked). We tipped her $10. Although he tried getting us to come back. I will never. First impressions are everything and YUCK. I would have preferred Burger King food over this place. Nothing amazing about Olive Garden but we should have gone to Bucca Di Beppo or Olive Garden. We ended up not even eating, paid for our bill, and left to go eat an actual tasteful dinner elsewhere.
5	Marsala spaghetti-nuff said!
5	My kids and I love this place. We have visited this location three or four times and the Chandler location once. We even turned my mom and stepdad into fans who visit the Chandler location often. We always get great service and tons of food. Tonight was no exception. My son had the Chicken Parmigiana and was extremely happy. My daughter chose the Cheese Mannicotti and Spaghetti, while I had the Meat Lover's plate with 2 huge meatballs and an Italian sausage with spaghetti and meat sauce. We each sampled each others and loved the delicious flavors. We don't get downtown very often, but when we can this is our restaurant of choice.
3	The Old Spaghetti Factory has been a family staple for many years.  We used to love coming here with our kids for a good time, great portions of pasta and a unique, antique and relaxed atmosphere.  While some menu items have changed, we still enjoy the white clam sauce (which, I'm the first to admit is like a white clam gravy), the kids' meals are fantastic and the mizithra with browned butter is still a dish that speaks for itself.  The pasta is al dente and the bread is hot and fresh.  However, over the years the service has gone downhill.  We have avoided our favorite place because of the long drive, and found the price just wasn't worth the trip anymore.  Last week, we chanced it again.  The wait was moderate and the drinks were strong (and surprisingly so!).  The food was very good and the waitstaff was on their game.BUT - the lobby.  Oh, the glorious lobby which used to be filled with large antique furniture, including an old-fashioned sled the people could sit in to wait.  The "Spaghetti Tree" was leafy and dusted and nice - not so much this time.  The lobby is in very ill-repair.  It is no longer inviting - it is, instead, rundown and depressing.  Kids run rampant and why not?  It no longer looks like a place where one should sit nicely and wait for a table.  The Spaghetti Tree is showing its age, with layers of dust and missing leaves, and the "pasta case" is still filled with the same noodles that have been inside of it for years. It is way past time for the owners to take the time and spend the money to fix up the lobby and restore it to its days of glory.  No, this is not a new restaurant.  Yes, it still needs a spit and polish to make it really shine.  This is one chain that has never felt like a chain, and in order to stay open with all of the new businesses in the area, it is more than time for a revamp.Old Spaghetti Factory, we have given you a second chance.  Its time that you invited us back by showing that you too, care about your restaurant.
1	Bad service, no bread, no drink refill , took 45min to get our first drink:( ouch , used to love this place but service sucks
5	Very charming spot, reasonable prices and good food. We had a group with four children during a busy time and they accommodated us great. Nice to be able to eat with children in an adult restaurantand not feel out of place.  We will definitely be back again.
4	This is my first review of this restaurant but I have been here many times. I have always had a great experience and have never been disappointed with the food I have ordered. This location is my preferred one due to its location. The building is full of character and the light rail stop being right in front is a plus since my 6 year old son loves riding it. Yes, it is not the best Italian food ever but it is consistently good and the value is solid.
1	omg. sitting in the bar because they had no seating in main diningroom.  menus flung onto the table, no greeting from server. when i mentioned it to the server. she gets an attitude. food comes out, cold and unappetizing.... having to listen to a guy at the next table scream, use the f bomb every other sentence.manager did bring our hot food out personally so we got to talk. this is not the place i remember to come and dine and enjoy........
3	Finally made it back here after 4 years, this time accompanied by Mike C. and Jackie C.  As last time, I ordered a Lunch Special.  This combo started with a nice hot loaf of bread and was followed by my choice of soup or salad (salad), and then the main course, for which I went with spaghetti and meat sauce, accompanied by a big "Zesty Italian Sausage" link.  It was $8.99. Last time my Lunch Special of Spaghetti with Meat Sauce included a beverage and dessert, but not the Italian Sausage.  I think I could have assembled the same Combo today for same price as back then.  In any event, it was all good, and it's 3 Stars again for Old Spaghetti Factory.     :-)
4	Reviews are not that good, but I felt our lunch was very good. Service was highly attentive, and our pastas were flavorful. Good sauce, both the tomato meat sauce and the clam sauce were good. Bread was very average, but the spumoni made up for it!
2	If it wasn't for the tasty food, I would have given this place one star for service. The service was HORRENDOUS. We made a reservation for 5:15PM for 5 people. My boyfriend and I arrived after the other three in our party. Our server didn't come back for about 7 minutes and was really frazzled. She asked what we were drinking and mid drink order, she stopped us, walked away and then came back and said, "I just can't handle this. I need help with my tables." No apology to us for interrupting and just walking away. She was very overwhelmed with 4 tables and I am unsure why. We were all super chill and the three tables that were seated roughly at the same time were all really close together and no one was rude or really needy that I could tell. We eventually ordered and received our meal. We had to keep asking for drink refills from the server and she wasn't really prompt with refilling water glasses. What is even more irritating to me is that she never once apologized to us for the way she acted. She was quite rude when we asked for anything and had no issues reaching over our plates. My whole experience was ruined by this one older server who truly seems like she would fit in better at a hole in the wall diner where her crap attitude would be acceptable.  The food however, was great. Italian food is hard to mess up, but the food was reasonably priced and we received salad, some bread and a scoop of ice cream with every meal.
1	They messed up our reservation didn't get to eat...had to leave to get to Comerica after 30 minute wait...
1	My family of 5 went for dinner on a Saturday night. We had a reservation for 6:30 granted we went early to see if we could be seated earlier but no luck needless to say we did not get seated till almost 7. The hostess staff was rude and had to get the manager involved. My kids did not like to food at all and they love spaghetti and meatballs. Food did not come out hot at all. The food was also average nothing special about it. I would not recommend this place and will not be coming back.
1	Our spaghetti was fresh! What a hoax!
4	It is what it is. A family portions and very casual place. The food here is pretty good. And service is always wonderful. Walking through the kitchen before u get seated is a different touch but seems a little gross to me.
3	Fresh pasta my ass! I'm not sayin they don't make it, but they sure as hell don't know how to cook it. Service is outstanding. Food is a joke. Or at least whoever is cooking it is. They should be fired. This place has been around a long time. Has great potential. I gave it a few tries and nothing but bad luck with the food.
2	Food was good but our waiter was horrible and our lunch (at 2 in the afternoon) took over 2 hours because the service was so slow.
5	We really had a great time here,We were celebrating our oldest foster daughters 8th birthday. So my wife, our two foster kids, and myself met our daughter and her boyfriend here. We had a 6:30 reservation, we were actually there early. This is were I had the only problem of the evening. When we first arrived, I told them who I was and we are early. The hostess said that we were going to need to wait for our reservation time. While I was in shock, I asked her. So if we just walked in now and asked for a table, we would be seated now? This is when she said one moment so she can talked to her supervisor. She sat us when she came back and apologized. I told her there was no apology needed. She asked us if we needed them to keep the birthday cake Denise baked in storage which was very helpful.Natalie the birthday girl was in awe on the decor of the restaurant and very excited that we ate in the trolley. I ordered the gluten free baked chicken and pasta. It was better then I thought it was going to be. At my age, I am trying healthier food options. Although the chicken was a little dry, pasta was very good. The two girls had spaghetti and meat sauce and had no complaints from them. Not going into detail on what everyone else had, but there was no complaints from them either. When we were finished, they came out with the cake, ice cream, and sang Natalie the birthday song. I believe this is going to be a great memory for her. I know that Natalie never had the chance to experience things like this. Something that myself and very many people take for granted! The food here is good, I have had better. The service here was great, even with the little issue.The reason why I gave this place the 5-star, because it gave Natalie a time of her life!
3	We had dinner here last night. It was wonderful. The food was good, albeit my son said his chicken was a but on the dry side. Our waitress could not have been more attentive. Prices were reasonable, and we were all quite full. I'm sorry I can't find one in Houston
2	When anyone complains about a cheap dinner, then you shouldnt be going out to eat. Under 13.00 is the max. And all the trimmings. Drink-S/S-entries-desert/icecre-bread Realy? Dont be Cheap scate. Dont forget to to TIP. you get all this food and the server has to RUN their ass off for you. For those thinking about working here, be prepaired to wear your running shoes. If this place were any faster, they would have drive through. No shitThe tips suck The guest are broke, or old. They're here for a cheap feeding. At lunch all the guest want to be in and out in 30-45. Be prepaired to not make shit in tips.For any guest reading this, you should remember what TIPs stands - to (in) sure promt service.If you cant afford to tip, you sgouldnt be going out for full service dinning. For thoes who are critical about the food??? For Christ sakes -- look at the prices. Your not gonna get 4-5 star food for what your paying for. Lastly - why dont those of you who bring your kids, why do you allow them to to MAKE SUCH A MESS.  Thats disgusting and makes tje servers job harder. AND - YOU SHOULD TIP ACCORDING TO HOW MUCH YOU ATE.  The menu certainty doesnt reflect the true value of how hard your server worked to keep you satisfied.
3	Very cool atmosphere.
4	I had been wanting to go to this place for a long time, and finally made it. It was so worth the wait, it was so good, and such a cool place to look around. Loved the food, will be back!
5	Listen, the environment is awesome. I LOVED the furniture. It's been many years (16 maybe) since I have been to any Old Spaghetti Factory, so it was really like a new experience for me. Anywhoo, the staff were kind and super attentive. The waitress was amazeballs. She had an eagle-eye. We didn't want for anything while we were there, she predicted our every need. I can't remember her name :( or I'd give her a special shout out. (If you read this, and recall us complimenting you in your eagle-eye, please comment on this, so people know how fabulous you are.)I had lobstah ravioli, and it was delectable! I would definitely do this again, and order that every time. Compliments to the chef(s)!!!Thank you all for an awesome dining experience!!
5	Another fun and delicious meal with the nieces.  Great iced tea as well.
5	I finally managed to make my way here after years of saying I would! Love the atmosphere in there. It's so...eccentric! And the food was good. Totally did not know you get a free dessert afterwards! Spumoni icecream was great. Win win situation :D
4	Love the Mitzithra! Good food at a good price but there is almost always a wait. Each entree comes with soup or salad, drink and dessert so you get plenty to eat. Their kids menu is also quite extensive so it is great for families and groups.
3	Had a nice dinner at OSF.  The staff was pleasant and attentive.  The food was OK overall.  Nothing too special, but tasty!  The building and atmosphere are fun, kind of a blast from the past.  I would imagine it would be a great place to take the kids.  Pretty sure we were supposed to get bread with out meal, but didn't.  The good news came with free ice cream at the end!  I'm sure I'll be back sometime!
3	Very frequent customers, at least once a month. Great food, spotty service but will always go back for the Mizithra Cheese! Try to call ahead for a table, especially with a large party.
4	Have been eating here for over 20 years when it was owned my Mike Pulos.  Would eat here when you could use your ASU ID and get half off.Now a days if you enter your cell phone in the ipad at the entrance they will send you specials via text message. Would always order the Managers Special and get half clam sauce and half met sauce. The meal comes with salad or soup and dessert ice cream and use to include ice tea which is a dollar now.Not the most incredible pasta you will ever have but good especially if you can get a 2 for 1 special.Will always come back for more but will try to take advantage of the specials to maximize the dollar.Service is generally good and the parking is limited in the front but there is plenty in the back.Will be back again and again
3	You go for the themed resturant, after picking up my daughter from girl scout camp, I wanted to take her someplace she would enjoy, there is plenty to see here and my daughter enjoys spaghetti so it was a good combination.  I wouldn't recommend this place for the food, it's more about the fun you have with the teme.
1	Horrible experience!!! We went here a couple of weeks ago, around 830 pm, and they made us wait to be seated when it was not even busy, ok, fine, after a 10 minute wait, the host sits us at a table that was not assigned to any wait staff at all!! We ended up leaving, but before leaving, we spoke with the same host, and we were told a very blah "ok", he honestly seemed to not care. I called the manager, who confirmed we were sat at a table that was not assigned to anyone, and we were invited back to enjoy dinner on them, nice gesture, but when we returned the next week, the waiter we did get, was another blah person who did not seem to care. I was given 2 cracked straws, and to his reply, "oh the come from the manufacture that way" no apology, and the food was just ok. With the many dining options out there, I will not be returning to this high school run restaurant.
1	Used a Groupon special for the Murder Mystery evening with tickets to the show and dinner. The Murder Mystery show was in a room about 20 x 30 feet with 50 people crowded into this space. The volume of the music and announcements were so loud, we couldn't even talk to half the people at out table! They took our drink order and we didn't see it until half an hour later. The food was HORRIBLE! How can you ruin a spaghetti dinner??First of all, it was cold! Cold spaghetti !! Hardly any sauce! The house salad was taken out of a plastic bag and dumped into a bowl....at an Italian place, they served the salad with only ranch dressing ..... Not even Italian! And no choices offered.  Our party of four will NOT go back. At least 10 others felt the same way.
1	Been wanting to come here for years as it's a Phoenix insitution. First impression of the building and decor; "fire hazard". Made me feel uncomfortable right away like watching an episode of hoarders. But I get that some might find that "nostalgic", that's fine, moving on. Service was ok, nothing special. I find their menu confusing, took a while to figure out what is what. The bread tasted weird and the actual food was just nasty. I hate Olive Garden but I'd rather eat there any day of the week than come back to Spaghetti Factory! Seriously people!? Why the good reviews?! Crap from a can. Reheat and serve.
5	This is my favorite OSF location! The historic downtown location (coupled with ghost story rumors) makes for a fun and #TBT experience! The staff here are always friendly, professional, and prompt. I love coming here!
5	I am saddened to see the low star reviews of this place. This restaurant has been a staple of Phoenix for so many years and has always offered a piece of Arizona History along with a great meal.My history started with the Old Spagethii Factory many years ago...when my parents decided that this would be my "thing"To do on my birthday. I am so glad that this year marks my 40th birthday celebration at the Factory and I would not give up the history for the world.The food is always about what it is. My thousand island salad dressing is the favorite over anywhere else and I am pretty simple in my selection of food - rich meat with (1) meatball. Of course it all has to be started off with some awesome cheesy bread! If you ever have the time to walk in an just inspect the place, you will find all kinds of cool antiques and articles from years past. It's a virtual experience in treasure hunting.But before you leave, also take the opportunity to ring the bell on the trolley, because you won't find many trolley cars you can eat in!!Be kind to the businesses that make Phoenix a better place and know that if they didn't live up to a 5 star review, it is the exception and not the rule!
1	I will NEVER go back. This was my first visit and from the outside the building looks really old and it gives a feeling of history. I was excited for some delicious Italian food. The drinks tasted like sewer water and the manager didnt care one bit. We had both the Coke and Dr. Pepper and both were horrendous. I ordered the Chicken Parm (well done, and when i asked if it was well the server didnt even know) and was BEYOND disappointed. Its a grilled chicken breast, no flavoring, and they didnt trim off the fat or anything. The cook just threw it on the plate and covered it with their sour, nasty, gross tomato sauce and cheese. I have had this dish all over Phoenix, (Bucca de Beppo, Olive Garden, Carabas) the chicken for this dish is normally pounded flat, then breaded and either baked or fried. This Chicken Parm was the most simple thoughtless dish I have ever had! And at the tune of $11.95 they can keep it! The walls and ceiling were moldy and the service sucked. Smells like cat piss and I recommend you just go somewhere you know has good food and skip the "history" and awful decor.
1	Myself and a group of coworkers decided to come here for lunch. We even called ahead to make sure that it wouldn't be too busy. The hostess assured us that they would be able to accommodate our group of 8 for a quick meal as long as it wasn't busy. We arrived at 12:10. The restaurant is less than half full... We are quickly seated. First I want to say that the place smells. Like an old grandma closet. Mothballs? Dirty antiques? I don't know. But not an appetizing smell. It took 10 minutes for our server to even greet the group. When she finally makes her way to the table she lets us know she has to check on another table first and then she'll Be "right over". What a gem. Her name is Shantih. We immediately placed orders for food and drinks (waters, iced teas soups salads sandwiches..simple order). We explained that we needed eat quickly and return to work. Shantih seemed to understand that concept. 15 to 20 minutes pass (No, this is not an exaggeration) and drinks have yet to be delivered to the table...and it appears that Shantih has vanished, as other tables surrounding us are looking around frantically for her. We kindly ask another server to check on our orders, reiterating that we need to return to work within the hour. Several minutes later our server arrives with our salads, soups and drinks. (Drink order came back incorrect) Great. At this point it's clear that we won't have time to eat our meal in the restaurant, so we ask if we can get our checks and to go boxes...Shantih is extremely rude and short with us. Even interrupting my coworker to explain she will get our checks and boxes when she has time. Never once is there an apology offered or even an explanation as to why it takes 20 minutes for drinks...close to 35 minutes for food. Oh but she did leave us with a half- sincere "Sorry it took longer than you were expecting". Wow. We paid our bills (which were split incorrectly) and left with our food in boxes, which I might add, was mediocre at best. One of the  worst dining experiences I've ever had. We won't be returning.
4	This place is great.  The food is good, not the best Italian ever, but good.  The cheesy bread is one of our favorites.  The decor is great along with the servers.  We have been a few times, its kinda far from us so we do not visit regularly.  The food is good and comes with free ice cream (kids love).  We will come back when in the area :)
3	They seem to be declining over recent years but the Mizithra is so good we went back anyway.  Appetizer flatbread was fair.  Chicken parm was fair.  Mizithra was great.
5	I love this place. I love that it's rich with history (for Arizona) and the fact it was two houses, connected. The interior is beautiful, and wooden. There's a Trolly in the middle, which is always a treat to be able to sit in. The service is usually stellar, in fact, the last young lady (I feel awful for forgetting her name) not only joked along with us, but we danced the Charleston together! I've been coming to this place since I was a child, and I was devastated to find out it's a chain. But this particular location earns it's credibility back with the great history, and the consistent food and service. Anywhere I go, I hold the Mizithra standard to This location. I always eat too much, and never regret it. It's always nice to know there is a scoop of ice cream for desert after, especially when connecting with old friends, and wanting time to leisurely chat over desert. I will continue to visit, and enjoy myself at the Old Spaghetti Factory. (Side note: I recently went on a Haunted Bus tour of Phoenix, and apparently this location is Haunted by the ghost of a child, who like to poke people in the behind! I have never experienced it, but watch your fanny! haha)
4	We have been to other OSF's, but never to the one less than a mile from our house.  We stopped in last night for dinner and had a great experience.  The restaurant is huge and has lots of fun furniture, lamps and other cool things to look at.  The service was friendly and fairly efficient.  The food is decent and reasonably priced.  I had the spaghetti and marinara with minestrone soup and finished off with rainbow sherbet.  They must be doing something right since they have been in Phoenix since 1972!
5	I wrote a review on the Chandler location and gave them five stars.  I love this Phoenix location even more!  I like the vibe in this restaurant.  There is so much character to the building and as you walk around you see that it's huge!  Our server was a sweetheart and kept replacing our bread and butter.  I ordered my  Mizithra with the bacon on the side.  If you have ever thought this dish was overwhelming, try it with the bacon on the side so you can control how strong you want the flavor to be.I ordered an Italian soda and they brought me a Spaghetti Factory glass souvenir!  It might just be a seasonal thing so I'd ask first in case they don't always do this.Great food and great prices as always!
5	This is my first time eating at this restaurant. I would not have suspected it to be a chain. This place has a good vibe and is decorated nicely inside. There is even a trolley in the middle where you can be seated at a table to eat.The food was amazing. I usually can't finish a full meal in one sitting but it was so good I somehow found room to eat every last bite as well as share a dessert. I got the baked chicken which had good seasoning, but was a little dry. The dish came with a side of pasta and I got the spaghetti with mizithra cheese and browned butter. It was amazing!The dinner comes with free ice cream or sorbet but I opted to pay extra to get the mud pie. I have no regrets in doing that! The dessert was delicious.The waitress was very attentive and sweet. We did wait a little longer than usual to order drinks but once she got to our table the service wasn't slow. Her sweet personality made up for the initial wait.
4	Service was very good.  Food was better than average (expected).  Want a cheap meal without much fuss... this is the place.
4	For what it is expected to be, a noisy family restaurant, the Old Spaghetti Factory never fails to disappoint me. I love the wooden decor, the tables and chairs, and the antique lighting. The service is fast,  friendly and attentive. Wait times exceeded my expectations both times. I had the browned butter and mithyra spaghetti, which is so insanely good and buttery that I had it both times I went there. Next time I will try something else, but I can confirm that it is consistently good!The chicken marsala is pretty tasty as well. It was moist, thick, and perfectly cooked and seasoned. The salad and soup are average, but the breadsticks may be a little on the tough side. I've had a bit of trouble cutting them with the dull cutlery provided. The spumoni was delicious and a very nice nightcap to a good Italian meal.  I would recommend this restaurant as a good place to take family and maybe friends from out of town. Maybe not a good restaurant for a first date because of all the kids running around. But I went here fully expecting that, and it didn't bother me much.It's a very good value for the money (about $30 for 2 people). I will continue to dine here when I crave Italian.
4	Ran into this place on the way from the airport to Grand Canyon and had a great time there. You can try 4 types of sauce for your pasta at the same time and all four were excellent. I particularly like the meat sauce - great thickness and flavor. The interior was very interesting too.
1	I really, really, REALLY wanted to give this place a chance because it holds sentimental value, but I was let down in a big way.You walk in to OSF and you're immediately overcome with that "old-timey" stench. The same stench that can be found in thrift stores and your grandmother's moth-balled attic. Albeit, the building has been around for decades, it doesn't need to smell like it. The service was decent, but that doesn't take away from the fact that the food was less than spectacular. The salad that preludes the meal was drenched in dressing, but the bread came out fresh and still very warm. We ordered the lasagna with marinara sauce and manicotti with meat sauce. The noodles were cooked perfectly and that's where the praise stops. The filling hardly filled either entree and the sauces tasted as if they were poured from Chef Boyardee cans. Absolutely hated the meal. Thank goodness for free refills on the soft drinks, because it took a lot to wash that taste from the taste buds. Not sure if we'll ever be back to this location. We might give the one in Chandler a chance, but only time will tell.
3	Pleasantly surprised w/my first time dining at the Old Spaghetti House. This particular spot was relatively empty on a random Tuesday during lunch. But that meant our waiter could spend a little extra time with us. Both of us ordered lunch size portions and thought it was a good amount of food. I ordered the "sampler" (Potpourri) and enjoyed the variety of sauces.All in all, much better than I expected whilst dining on vacation. Would recommend to those craving spaghetti.
1	Unless you have time for a three hour lunch, I would avoid this place like the plague.  People around us were walking out because they got tired of waiting for their food. Then to top it off, when the food finally arrived it was cold. Horrible experience.
4	Recently we had our company party here. I absolutely love this huge old building. Inside of the place is so unique. It's almost like a museum. But the food is not that great. Prices are cheap. So I still gave it a 4 star because it's a neat experience.
