2	WOOOOO! Snap'into'a'sparerib! The newspaper clipping with a photo of the former and much younger Ric Flair posing for a pic with the owners of this shop on the wall gave us something to read while waiting for our takeout order. They provide excellent reading light - it's damn bright in there. We also spotted a board advertising they had received the award for top 100 Chinese restaurants, Um? Who judges these things? And then again what year? They have a few tables inside the VERY small restaurant. Few=three. They also deliver. While I am a sucker for a mom & pop shop which this one seems to be, I don't know bout this one. I'll make this short and include photos. If the food taste half as good as the pictures look , we would have been pleased. When the spare rib bag was torn open, we thought they looked delicious. Not so much. They were actually very, very dry and tough as if they had been reheated 100 times (hence my opening line).Same goes for the appetizer of roast pork. If you can believe, it was even more dry then those spare ribs.That appetizer hardly deserves to be mentioned but I have a photo, so I had to. The fried dumplings also looked good. Little dough covering the (small amount) of pork filling. The dipping sauce had no flavor AT ALL. That sucks, that's the best part of those things, the sauce! The shrimp fried rice looked pretty good with green peas and carrots thrown in. Poor little puny shrimp. Not only were they small, they were mushy. They never stood a chance. The photo shows the size of the shrimp compared to a cute little pea (they must have changed quality since their website photo was taken). The lo mein was meh. I had the house special. Includes (sparingly) shrimp (poor baby's) and chicken and some fatty beef. They do seem to have a number of tofu choices so if that's your thing you might have better luck. My boyfriend and I both agree, nothing stood out enough for us to make a second visit. NOPE. Not even the photo of Ric Flair. WOOOOO!
5	Originally from NY, I know my Chinese food. I don't know what paula g. is talking about,  but  I've been going to Cherry Blossom for 3 years, and the food is DELICIOUS. I didn't know about the restaurant until I got a coupon in the mail because it's such a small take out in the arboretum. I would really only go there for take out or delivery.The food is DELICIOUS.  I haven't had great food down here until Cherry Blossom. The fried rice tastes like I had in NY. I usually get the house fried rice, it comes with some peas, carrots, waterchestnuts, and onions, and shrimp, roast pork, and chicken. It is very good. Not too oily, and they give a portion enough for leftovers. Their sesame chicken is a bit dark, but VERY TASTY. The sauce is pretty thick and its got some flavor to it.I also get the sa-cha beef. The beef is extremely tender, and I've never tasted sa cha sauce quite as unique as theirs. The owners are very nice people, they work there every day. So it definitely is a mom and pop shop. All in all, I've been going there for 3 years, and never had a bad experience. If something does go wrong with the order, or you don't like it, usually if you just call in the owners will fix.I DEFINITELY recommend, go there and try it out and enjoy!
5	I've been going to the blossom for the past couple of years since I moved to the charlotte area. I'll have to admit, I've been to a lotta Chinese restaurants in many cities, but this surprisingly has the best food out of all of them. The sauces are.just right in all of the dishes I've tried. Highly recommend! They.just recently remodeled as well.
2	The food was very bland and the chow mein was like wallpaper paste. This was more of a fast lunch place then a take out family meal place in my opinion. I gave it 2 stars as the service was prompt and so far I still have not found a Chinese Restaurant in Charlotte worth a repeat visit.
4	Real good Chinese I love it but one big problem real small portions.
4	I've been coming here since the late 90's early 2000! Amazing lunch special, fast, and great food. I LOVE their Hunan Chicken, I still crave even though there are million restaurants here in NYC!  The first place I goto in CLT for food is Cherry Blossom, THATS how awesome they are!
1	Second time I had there food because they're like the only ppl who deliver around here. WORST FOOD. The lo mein is good though
2	Shrimp few in shrimp low mein and was not very tasty. Disappointing.
1	Disappointed. I've been here a few times. I've eaten in and tried delivery. It's usually good or ok. I have never had a bad experience until today. I put in an order for delivery. I'm generally a very laid back and easygoing person, so I gave the driver a decent tip even after he arrived later the expected (and quoted) 45 mins. Hey, he was friendly. Anyhow, my lunch portion of chicken and cashew nuts was laughable. So much so, I decided to login to my Yelp account to write up a review...which is rare for me. At first glance, the meal didn't look too good so instead of digging in I decided to dissect it. There were 34 mushrooms in my lunch-sized meal, along with 5 pieces of chicken...and not the round chucks of chicken either. There were 5 slithers of chicken that were equilavent to or smaller than the cashew nuts. No joke. Maybe today was an off day for Cherry Blossom. Idk. But I'm being generous in saying that I received 5 pieces of chicken when they were more like chicken scraps. Unfortunately, I won't risk this happening again. Our relationship is over. Guess I'll find something else to eat after I eat a few bites of my mushrooms and rice.
4	Good chinese delivery. Quick, hot, lots of flavor. I'd recommend they use a bit less salt, as some of the dishes had a lot of it. Aside from that, good stuff.
3	Slightly below average
2	We've gone the takeout route with Cherry Blossom a few times, but this most recent time will probably be the last time.  Small portions.  Overcooked won tons.  1 shrimp in my house combo lo-mein.  Rude service both on the phone and when I picked it up.Egg drop soup and the entrees were OK, but not great.  When in the same part of town and you're craving Chinese takeout, try Chi Thai in the Arboretum Harris Teeter.  Fast, friendly, and overall a better value in the same shopping complex.Disappointed.
1	Worst Chinese I've ever had. Lets be clear here, my girlfriend and I are both college students, Chinese food is our main food of choice. We both decided to go in and dine there yesterday and we regret it fully. We go in and order at the counter and get dine in. Shortly after as we are sitting there in the cheap decor, cheap tables, cheap uncomfortable seats the sever/possible owner brings our food out to us. I got the sesame chicken which looked weird and my girlfriend received the chicken and cashews dish which was made up of 90% mushrooms and the rest being very tiny pieces of chicken. Neither one of us likes mushrooms to any degree but from the image we were shown we would have never know that the dish was made up of that. To continue on as we were sitting there a woman called the place asking where her delivery was. This according to me overhearing the conversation was the 4th time that she has called wondering where her order was because it had been an hour since she placed the order. The women working in the restaurant (possible owner) then began getting angry that she had called again and canceled the order for her and continued on to yell at the customer. This all went down as I was trying to eat my food, I honestly wanted to tell her to shut up. Yes there is more and it gets worse..... The bad looking food, which was brought out on cheap paper plates was HORRIBLE... DISGUSTING... NASTY... etc. There are not enough words in the world to describe how badly it tasted.  The only piece of this experience that I enjoyed was the orange Fanta I got (because it was a standard closed can, it would be hard to screw that up)I will not return to eat there, I will never order from there, and I advise everyone to refuse to go here for any reason what so ever. There are dozens of other chinese places in charlotte, order from them instead.
1	Hot and sour soup was pretty much just broth, hardly any tofu or other ingredients.... Person taking phone order was rude.
5	I really don't know why some people have given this place such bad reviews. Picky eaters maybe? I have tried Chinese food in NY, NJ and most places in Charlotte and this is one of the top Chinese places in my book. Fast delivery, food is great. This is more of a takeout/delivery place so don't expect 5 star restaurant treatment when you go for dine in. You will get paper plates and plastic utensils. By the way, you have to order the general tsao's wings and they usually have a coupon online.
1	The place is a hole....bad food and rude people.  I got the "healthy" string beans...they were covered in a globby sauce and were seriously overcooked.  Tasteless.   My husband got the Kun Bo chicken.  Exactly the same sauce and I don't think we every saw any chicken in it.  Go somewhere else.
4	I've been looking for a decent Chinese restaurant since moving to Charlotte 6 months ago and I think I've found it!!! Good food, quick service & polite people! I ordered the Mongolian beef lunch special not realizing it's spicy as it wasn't listed as such on the menu I saw, however, I brought this to their attention and the owner remade my order fresh without spice!! He was very polite and did not ask that I pay for what was ultimately a failure in communication. However, because of his service I will return!! The food was fabulous and was made differently then I've seen before with mostly carrots & onions, but it was delicious!! I would strongly recommend this place for a quick authentic Chinese place!
1	Terrible. Food was flavorless and we had multiple dishes that we ordered to try. Worse than Chinese food at the mall. Would not recommend.
3	This is a nice place to get Chinese food delivered from. I've had better and I've had worse, but the thing I like about this place is it's consistently good for a nice price.
1	Ordered Buddha's Delight and Hot Lovers Chicken. I get Buddha's Delight everywhere and this was nooooot delicious - too much sauce. Never tasted the Hot Lovers Chicken b/c we got Honey Chicken - ewwwww. Also ordered brown rice but it was really greasy.
5	Since I was around the area, I decided to check this place out over the neighboring Chi Thai and I was pleasantly surprised! I ordered the black bean trio with fried rice; sooooo good. Everything tasted super fresh. Water chestnuts were still crispy even after being stir-fried (I hate it when they're saturated with sauce!) The chicken wings appetizer had a sweet component to it that I wasn't expecting but it tasted good nonetheless. Besides the chicken wings, we had the crab rangoon too. Most places over fry them and they get super soggy without enough filling but this place got it jussssst right.Cherry Blossom, you definitely captured my attention.
2	Won't be eating there again. Check out the restroom as a precursor to cleanliness, or the lack of. Needs a makeover.
1	Absolutely the most generic, shopping-mall-style fast food you could find in Chinese dining. Their menu made me believe this was a real restaurant, with Chef's Favorites and a broad selection of options. HOWEVER - the egg rolls were those short and thin (and thickly battered) pieces of junk you'd see in a grocer's freezer section. The rice and breading on the entrees were each very heavy.This was a HUGE waste of $30 - we'd have been much better eating from the vending machines in the lobby.
