4	FINALLY A DECENT VERY GOOD Restaurant has come to this part of town! After only one visit The Dash Grill is a part of my local rotation.This is a small casual restaurant where you order at the counter pick up a number and seat yourself. I ordered the Seared Tuna Sandwich and picked the fresh herbed vegetables as my side. I soon receive a very well presented platter. The Tuna tasted fresh and has a tasty kale slaw and was brushed with a not too spicy but sweet marmalade on a very fresh Brioche Bun. The fresh Julienne Vegetables were just delicious.My husband had the New Yorker that's a Grilled Corned Beef Sandwich. He asked for the slaw on the side. He also received a nicely presented and prepared platter. The sandwich was on good grilled bread and the generous pile of corned beef was tasty and cooked in house. His side of macaroni and cheese was really good and you could taste real cheese there.Some how we managed to save room for dessert and shared a Lemon Tart. The dessert was well presented, tasted good and was a nice treat to share.Sandwiches are priced $9-$14 and come with a side dish. They might cost you a buck or two more than other places but you are getting higher quality food here. They also offer small plates, Dinners, and do have a children's menu.I didn't notice alcohol being served here.Service was very friendly and efficient.Very VERY Good! Very SOLID 4+ Stars!The Best Restaurant that has come to this area in a LONG TIME!I'm so happy they opened here!
5	What an experience!  The owner greeted us right away upon entering.  The restaurant has a very comfortable feeling and has a modern look to it.  I got the special of the day which was the stuffed shrimp crab with dirty rice and roasted tomatoes(delicious) and for desert the creme brulee-washed it down with an orange cream soda!  the food is worth the ticket price and I will be a regular for sure
5	Fantastic meal from start to finish! Lovely atmosphere, great service and truly gourmet cooking made for a winning experience that delighted the whole family. Be sure to save room for dessert! We will be returning very soon!
5	This place is wonderful! The food is fabulous and the atmosphere is casual and fun. Check it out!
5	I gave Dash Grill 5 stars, not because it is the best restaurant I've ever been to, but because the do what they do better than anyone else.  The concept is fine dining food without the bells and whistles of a hoity-toity place.  We started with crab cakes, I had the prime rib and my wife had the shrimp and scallops.  Both meals were fantastic, the wine was great, and we ate at our own pace without the hovering waiter...Loved it!
5	Excellent service, very clean and best of all an awesome steak.  Will be going back many times.  Loved the mashed potatoes and Mac and cheese, great sauce and mushrooms.
4	Had a great lunch here. Fresh ingredients, friendly people. The New Yorker with corned beef and slaw was top notch. No French fries was a bummer but the Mac and cheese was pretty good.Not sure how this counter service setup would work for dinner. It may be just me but if I'm eating prime rib or steak I want table service. They have a nice craft beer list and a decent wine list but again, not the kind of thing I want counter service for.The location is a little out of the way too. They've got their work cut out for them. I hope they make it. We'll definitely add it to the lunch rotation.
5	Found this place under "Hot and New".  It is a awesome little self seating restaurant. The moment we walked in, we were warmly greeted, given menus and told to come up to the counter when we were ready to order, which we did.  Our bruschetta was promptly brought to our table.  Followed shortly thereafter by our Roasted Chicken.  After we had time to take a few bites of our meal, a staff member came to inquire about our food and to see if we needed anything.  Near the end of our meal another staff member checked on us. (I dare say as good of table service as we have had in establishments that employ wait staff and offer full table service as of late, if not better).   And this place has gourmet food.  The chef even stopped by our table as we finished.  We will definitely return and we highly recommend you come enjoy the Dash Grill. 7557 W Greenway Rd #104, Peoria, AZ Hours: Monday 11am-5pmTuesday-Saturday 11am-9pm
5	I just discovered this new restaurant, and it far exceeded my expectations. Dash Grill serves chef-created gourmet food at reasonable prices in a casual atmosphere. For dinner I ordered the Seared Tuna Sandwich with a side of wine-marinated mushrooms and it was delicious. The tuna was seared to my specifications (medium-rare), served on a brioche bun, and then dinner was followed-up with a dessert of chocolate mousse. The mousse was beautifully served in an edible chocolate "tea cup" and was not too heavy or sweet--just the right consistency to be the perfect capstone to a tasty dinner. I will be back here regularly. The formula here is a winner in that you can get awesome gourmet food at affordable prices, since ordering happens deli-style at the front counter. Although the staff deliver the food to your table and are attentive to your needs, there are no waiters or waitresses, so there is no tipping expense or expensive wait-staff budgets. Very affordable, friendly and delicious!
1	Our order:Sml Caesar Salad---$8My daughter said "it did not taste good."  It was a Caesar Salad; so, the dressing or something else was off.Root Beer---$3.50Comes from a bottle.  Pretty high mark up for a regular bottle of root beer.  Really?Hot Chocolate---$2 (x2)Okay hot chocolate that comes in a paper cup and plastic lid.  Pretty expensive for instant hot chocolate.2 Seared Scallops & 4 Shrimp (they do not tell you how many you get) w/ mac & cheese and garlic mashed potatoes---$24Shrimp had pretty good taste, and the scallops had a nice sear, but the main course was really skimpy.  Both sides were very bland.Salmon with Crab (sides were Garlic Mash and Braised Mushrooms).  Fish was bland.  Garlic Mash bland. The mushrooms were atrocious. "Absolutely disgusting"*they charged me $2 for a soda/tea I did not reviece.  With horrible food like this, they need that $2 more than me.We will never come back here again.  "We should have gone to 5 & Diner instead"
5	Been here twice during last month. This restaurant has really good menu of middle east cuisines. Place can be crowdy most of the time. Food Really good. Tried shawarma and kebabs. Both were too good. The sauces were excellent
4	Gourmet food at affordable prices!  We didn't know what to expect when we went there, but was pleasantly surprised by the food quality and service.  Being a new restaurant they have some kinks to work out but as long as you have good food and service, can only get better!Between the 3 of us we split between the new yorker, kalua pork, and tips and taters and they were all fantastic.
1	Over priced, bland good. Atmosphere, what a joke its a walk up order and sit down. They couldn't even get my son's order right, plain hamburger nothing else on it, came fully dressed. The tuna was frozen and not fresh plus you can get it cheaper and a great sauce at firebird. I think the only reason that they get higher is from those that don't know God food and great value and hope for a free mall from this place
5	Had a great cheeseburger yesterday, topped with all the fixings.  Delicious!   Very clean dining area and Super friendly service.
5	The Dash Grill is a great spot for a casual night or lunch out.  Their menu offers lots of variety...something for everyone!  I have eaten there three times now and look forward to their tasty and high quality side dishes and sandwiches.  They also make some terrific desserts.  The restaurant is clean and well lit.  The staff is friendly and wants to ensure you enjoy your meal.  Definitely give this a try for a high quality, chef prepared meal in a relaxed atmosphere.  They continue to evolve their menu and offer great, reasonably priced specials on a regular basis.
4	I have been at Dash Grill in April 23rd, 2012 to celebrate my wedding anniversary. I have already been at this restaurant and enjoyed a lot, so we decided to come back. And it was perfect, again.Competent and polite staff, great food, great cheeses, wonderful wines. Whatelse did we need?
4	We had a terrific time at this place. We went on the recommendation of a friend and were glad we did. The menu is small, but we still couldn't decide what to order. We threw caution to the wind and went with the Farmers' Feast (a four course prix fixe menu). Very rarely does my fiance and I order the same thing but we decided this would be the best way to experience the chef's talents. We loved it all! The food was superb, the wait staff knowledgeable and friendly. The only negative was a spread that came with the bread (paprika whipped lard) was not our favorite and shouldn't be in the repertoire. Just a personal opinion. The rest was spectacular and I will continue to recommend Dash Grill for years to come.
4	It is definitely a spot that gets some tourist activity here and there, as it's been covered on many 'go to' lists, but somehow this place still manages to retain its charm during early weekday nights. Recommended if you like it cozy-divey
5	Love this place. It's locally owned with a warm family feel - it's refreshing to not deal with a chain restaurant. I've tried several things: Salmon with crab meat, shrimp, burger, scallops, salad, sides, etc and like them all! Everything is freshly prepared the way you want it. There are no fried foods. There is no wait staff so you can hang out with the kids and play games with no pressure to hurry up. It's very clean especially the restroom. I'm looking forward to going back.
5	Creative and delicious!  The chefs genuinely care what you think of your meal.  We've been here 3 times now and have always been pleased with everything we've ordered.  The staff is very friendly.  The restaurant appears very clean and bright.  Reasonable prices for something out of the ordinary.  The portions are "normal" sized.
5	Salmon with crab on top was to die for. Potatoes were crisp and seasoned well. Creme Brule was awesome too. Most items were gluten free too. Plus take out is available. The west side has a new grill to contend with.
