1	Great Selling us the car,But they forget you when it comes to service.When we purhcased our SRX they bent over backwards to sell us, we drove on to the lot in a BMW 750Li the first time nad a Jaguar Van DenPlas the second time.We were prime meat for sales. However when the vehilce needs service they can't return calls as promised, or return messages.We lived in CT and were used to a more Customer Based compettion driven Auto Industry, if they treated you badly you could go to another dealer. Here the few Companies Sonic ( Bruton Smith) & Hendricks own everything. You have no choice, may just hook the dogs up to a sled
5	I brought in one of my collector cars a 1999 Cadillac Fleetwood Limited. I saw my usual service advisor Jeff Hathcock who I absolutely appreciate for his professionalism and he is just overall-WONDERFUL to deal with. It completely makes the whole experience of paying to have the cars serviced at the dealership more than worth it.
1	Buyer beware! Purchased a 2010 Hybrid Cadillac Escalade in 2010. Had a few quirks but these past 6 weeks have been unsettling. The electrical system keeps going out. This means no power steering, power brakes, gas etc. This car is a danger to me and my family, other motorists and pedestrians. This vehicle needs to be retired and to never hit the streets again. Cadillac is not stepping up and supporting their image on customer service or product. Basically they are not doing much to help me out of this unsafe vehicle. Burden is on me. I can trade it in and increase my payment and start the payments all over again. So instead of owning a car in two years, I am back at 5 yrs. Then the car will be resold to some unsuspecting consumer? Again, would not purchase from Cadillac of South Charlotte or Arnold Palmer Cadillac. I give them an F as a company and an F in service.
1	I have brought my Cadillac twice to the service department to be fixed for the same issue. I now have to bring it a third time for the same issue. It is still under warranty. Very disappointed. I expected more from a Cadillac service dept.
5	The car we purchased in 2012 have hidden damage, I called them and after a bump in the Road ( used car manager Steve) the GM Charles and The Body Shop Manager Bruce took control and made my vehicle look like new. Having had so many problems with our 750 and Hendricks it's nice to see a Dealership that appreciates their clients and doesn't just say "hey we own everything ,where else are people going to go" If I could give Bruce, Bryan & Charles a thousand stars I would
1	My son and I went in to South Charlotte Cadillac on a Saturday to get him a car he found on-line in TN. He paid $500 to have it transferred to Charlotte.  While we were there, he wanted me to test drive the SRX to see if I liked it as much as the Buick Encore which I wanted.  The salesman couldn't find the keys to the car we saw on-line but had me test drive one "EXACTLY" like it. He showed me all the features of the car and I was very happy with the sensor door handles, the cargo rack & cargo net and the way the lift gate would stop part way.  So while we were waiting on my son's deal to go through, I decided to buy the SRX, not the one I drove but the one on the lot.  After purchase, the lift gate wouldn't stay open and would actually hit you if you were under it. I was unable to see in the back of the car to notice if the cargo net & gate were there.  They fixed the lift gate and gave me a courtesy car to drive.  Once everything was fixed and I had my car, I noticed all the features the salesman said were EXACTLY what I would get, were not on the car I bought. I tried to talk to the salesman and the general manager but they just said "not all SRX have that feature, it is an option."  I was very disappointed as I had traded in my brand new 2013 Subaru CrossTrek on this 2010 Caddy. Mainly to get more luxury features that I do not have.PLUS the car my son wanted and paid $500 to transport here, he didn't get. The salesman knew there was another offer for that car and didn't tell us until the following Monday.  My view on this is he knew my son's car wasn't available and concentrated on my purchasing a car knowing that we would have left after learning my son's car was not available. I contacted GM and Cadillac and they tried to reason with this dealership but to no avail.  We will NOT be going to this dealership in the future. We will use Randy Marion Cadillac for our needs.
5	Brought in for brakes, balancing and oil change.  Dealer provided a courtesy car.  Within 4 hours, job was completed, picked up my car and everything was done to my satisfaction.  The brakes (warped rotors) were covered under warranty.  Service rep was friendly and courteous.
5	Love taking all of my Cadillacs there for service Jeff Hathcock in the service dept is always wonderful as are all the people at Cadillac of South Charlotte they are the only ones I trust to touch my collector cars.
5	Excellent Customer Service. Mark and Steve were very friendly throughout the sales process. Gave us a rental while they put the final touches on the Buick Enclave I was purchasing. This is the second car we purchased from them. Will definitely go back and recommend.
5	We walked in knowing we wanted to purchase an SRX that we saw on Cars.com.   Mark showed us the car and let us compare it to a new model.  He was super nice and their pricing strategy means no haggling.  There was no pressure and he delivered just what we wanted.  It was a great experience with Mark and I would recommend this dealership for a new car purchase.
1	Horrible impression of the sales team at this dealership. Didn't seem very interested in the customer or building a long term relationship. Highly recommend that anyone reading this review shop elsewhere. Under no circumstance will I ever shop here again.
