4	A few months back, my aging truck was in serious need of some repairs - the big-time, expensive ones too. I hate having to go in for car repairs, because half the time you go in there, you end up paying a ton more than you were told to begin with. Not to mention some of these places tend to push more and more stuff on you.I thought I'd give Pep Boys a try, because they recently opened this location on the Boulder Highway, between Basic and Lake Mead. I needed to try a different place after some of the other less-than-stellar mechanic shops around town.I called them and explained the problem, and they told me to bring my car right on over. They got me in promptly, and called me back not long after, explaining the problem and how long it would take to fix. It was NOT a cheap fix, but after talking to a friend of my family who does car repairs as well, he even said it doesn't come any cheaper than this for the repair I needed. But they had my repair done by the end of the day, promptly and just as promised. I didn't pay a dime more than they said I would end up paying over the phone earlier. On top of that, due to the amount of money I paid for the repair, they signed me up for a frequent shopper program - and because of how much money I paid I ended up with a pretty valuable gift card. It's great to finally have a Pep Boys in the "Old Henderson" area, and in a convenient Boulder Highway location, no less. These people took care of me and definitely deserve a strong recommendation. Pay them a visit for your automotive needs, whatever they may be.
3	Pep Boys often carries car accessories that Autozone and SLO-Reilly doesn't. This location is also competitively priced compared to the competition. Service at the parts counter can range from informed to clueless, but usually they have competent help here. I won't buy their tires. There's an awful lot of crap Pep Boys tires in the recycle piles out in rural Nebraska where travelers dumped them for something more suitable for the gravel roads and rougher conditions. Their house brand of tires suck, you'll regret buying them. But beyond the tires, if you need parts and accessories they're worth a look or a call.
4	Total satisfactation! The manager Brian E. is the best! Very professional and ethical is every way and I had my car in the time promised.  Thank you for the great service!
3	Over priced service and bad at time estaments
5	I just want to commend Matt the service advisor at the Pep Boys on S Boulder Hwy. His professionalism, knowledge, and compassion is impeccable! I have brought my Audi in before to this location and they have always delivered. However, Matt went above and beyond for us. I will continue to use and recommend Matt and this location to all of my family,friends, & clients. Thank you Matt and the Pep Boys team!  You saved us money, time, and eased our frustration!
5	Very trustworthy. I will always trust them with my car needs. Service manager Brian and his tech Matt were very helpful. Thanks!
4	Order online. They have a 20% off item code. Got a new air filter (that I can pay for and pick up in store) cheaper than amazon, eBay and autozone (who didn't even have my part, in store or online.)I was in and out in less than 5 minutes. The only complaint I have is their store set up here. you have to park all the way in the back, by the repairs/services section, and the front door is all the way in front of the building, facing boulder highway... Not easy with a baby.
5	The staff was pleasant to work with. The front counter lady opened up a few minutes early and let another individual and myself come into a warm store and not be cold outside. My car was serviced promptly and they honored a coupon without any hassle.
5	I love the guys at Pep Boys Matt Jared and Dustin are amazing. They were terrific at keeping in touch with me and letting me know the status of my vehicle. After nearly $4000 in repairs I should be able to them as dependents this year on my taxes. Pep Boys has kept my 14-year-old van running like a top. Thanks guys!
5	I went to Pep Boys on Boulder Highway in Henderson and it was by far one of the best experiences I have ever had when dealing with someone fixing my car. From the moment I walked in until the moment I was leaving with a fixed car, they were helpful, knowledgeable, and most of all the got my car fixed. To date I have had no problems with my car and I have actually gone back to buy more stuff for my car and I am getting ready to get an oil change done there. The Store Manager was there and he saw to it that I was fully taken care of and I must say I have not had that great of customer service in a long time. It is nice to know that there is still good reputable service that can be guaranteed still out there. They should be fully recognized for this and I will highly recommend this location and store to everyone.
5	Again, Matt & Dustin were terrific. Fixed my window in less than two hours.  AND I saved over $175 using my Pepboys Rewards. I will miss Dustin.
5	Excellent customer service. Matt S. is very knowledgeable,  trust worthy and professional. I would recommend anyone who goes in to see him.
5	Back to Pepboys with our other van. As always, Matt was terrific.  Saved over $250 with our 10% off coupon and $130 in Rewards!  Nathan checked us out quickly. I miss Dustin. Great job boys.
4	Good store with a very helpful staff. I have unfortunately needed to come in twice on the last week. I experienced trouble with both of my vehicles. First problem was a dead battery with my Nissan. Couldn't find a single store which had my battery in stock, not even the AAA truck. My battery was so old it would not hold a jump once my headlights were turned on. Got to the store right before closing, the guys stayed late to find me a battery that would work with my vehicle. I am incredibly please with the service Greg and the other gentlemen in the store provided me with. Second problem. The ac stopped blowing in my 04 civic. Having received such good service earlier in the week I thought I would bring it back for at least a diagnostic. The gentlemen who assisted me was very polite and helpful. Turns out I just needed 1 part replaced. It was all done in the same trip and now my AC is even colder than before. I will say today I learned they are not very speedy. I know these repairs can take a while, I would just prefer a better estimate on how long I will be waiting. However I am pleased with their work and the service i receive.
5	Another minor problem with my 14 year old van. Matt to the rescue. In and out in less than 30 minutes.  Great job. Thanks!
4	Matt is great!  Good customer service!
4	Got my first oil change at pep boys today. Great customer service from Matt. I will definitely be going back.
5	Tail light burned out. Off to Pep Boys. In and out in less than five minutes. Thanks Matt. You're the best!
5	A 14-year-old vehicle needs a lot of tender loving care. And that's exactly what I get at Pep Boys. Jared, Greg and Nathan had my new starter installed with in a few hours. And best of all there was no charge. It was covered under a warranty. Thanks again guys.
3	Service people seem nice, but I requested a sticker on the window after my oil change as a reminder.  They forgot.  I requested the tire pressure be increased.  They forgot.  Where has good service gone?
5	FREE OIL CHANGE BY USING MY REWARDS CARD!  Great service - As usual. The boys keep my 14-year-old vehicle running in tip top shape. Thanks Jared and Natlan.
5	Once again back to Pepboys. This time for my husband's van. Took it in for a new battery. Matt called us to tell us that the motor mounts were shot.  That something you just don't think to check  Could have been a dangerous situation on the highway  Matt and Jimmy had my husband up and running in less than three hours   Thanks for looking out for us
5	Had my second oil change at Pep Boys this weekend. Another great experience. Always friendly and helpful staff. I don't feel like they are selling anything when I go there.
