4	I rolled in this joint on a rainy Saturday after strolling the streets of Montreal for a few hours. A bowl of Tom Yum soup seemed in order. The place was quiet - it was sort of between lunch and dinner - so the soup came right out and it hit the spot. The nice waiter and I had a good chat. I was full and warmed up  and ready to hit the street after. A good investment, I say.
4	Probably the best Thai food in Montreal. If someone disagrees, please message me with a place to try and I will.The problem I have with most of the Asian food in Montreal is that 90% are some weird fusion of multiple cuisine eg. Thai and sushi (Japanese) - thankfully this isn't one of those places.I went here with my mate from Australia and my girlfriend (who's lived in Australia), so the standards were set high. I realise that in Australia we are spoiled when it comes to Asian food (given our proximity), but I still can't understand why is it seems like EVERY Asian restaurant has "General Tao" chicken on the menu?!? WTF is General Tao chicken?We started off with some chicken satay skewers, which were good. We then shared a pad thai with shrimp (pad thai is the "yard-stick meal" by which all Thai restaurants should be judged - if you can't do a pad thai right, I'm not going to bother with your other dishes), a spicy basil beef dish, and a red curry with chicken. I can say that all the dishes were up to scratch. The basil beef wasn't quite as spicy as I would've liked (traditional Thai food will burn your face off), but there doesn't seem to be much spicy food in Montreal, so I'll write that off to catering to the local market. The red chicken curry was solid.The only thing this place was missing was a green curry! I couldn't see it on the menu anywhere. I did like the fact that you can bring your own wine - BYO places are few and far between in this town.
4	Not bad at all. The service was a bit slow. But the price was reasonable and it was BYOB. For 16$ you get soup, a spring roll and a main dish. The Won Ton soup was very tasty. I really enjoyed it. I also ordered the shrimp spring roll and it was decent. I've had better and was hoping for more dipping sauce. The main dish I chose was a chicken, shrimp and vegetable on a bed of noodles. Super tasty!!! Definitely worth it for the price you pay!!
4	Always very good! It's a bring your own wine too.... Iv tried many of there dishes and was satisfied each time. All there shrimp dishes are amazing... Only problem is that they close early whenever it's quite so make sure to call in advance.
2	The delivery man came to my house and 1st thing he says when handing me the food (which was prepaid) is that I hadn't given him enough tip. I was a bit shocked because I usually tip 10% for a delivery. It's what I was told was the right amount to give.  He didn't want to leave unless I give him more money, giving excuses like gas prices and how he came from the Plateau (which is like 10-15 min from where I live). I didn't have anything else to give, for one, because I was quite insulted and also I had prepaid the order for a reason (no cash with me). Then quite arrogantly he tells me people on the Plateau usually tip him 7-8$. That was like half the amount of my order! No way in hell would he ever deserve that much of a tip unless people order for 70-80$ worth of food.  What a douche.I'm sorry but my meal was quite ruined after that encounter and even if it was good, I'll never order from there again.
4	recommend: grilled salmon+bean sprouts, coconut sauce chicken rice. very hot and fresh served. mango salad was average. enjoyed  it .
3	Decided to order some take away as I was uptown and was hankering for some Thai.  One word of mention it is mighty difficult to find a Thai restaurant open at 4 PM but LBT was just opening their doors!  Most Thai places I searched all opened up at 5 PM.  When I placed my order they mentioned it would take a bit because they had to get the kitchen opened up.  Ordered 3 dishes plus a salad, (Chicken Pad Thai, Beef Basil, Vegtable red curry and the Vietnamese papaya salad).  I would say that the best was the Chicken Pad Thai and the salad then the vegetable curry and then the Beef Basil.  The Pad Thai had a great flavour of the wok and was respectfully generous with chicken.  The Veg Curry nada good assortment of vegetables.  A small (and little disappointing) portion of rice was given.  The Beef Basil was the least because I'm use to a very fragrant version of the dish  This was good, but I've had better at other Thai places.  Restaurant is tastefully decorated and nice Thai music was playing in the background.  They had a deal on Yelp for $5 off your meal or 15% but I asked if it could apply to my takeout order and they mentioned it was just for dine in.I would return to this place because I thought it to be decent value for the money compared to my regular Thai resto.  They were friendly and apologized for the food taking so long.
3	Bring your own wine and beer....dun dun dun!First time here, got their table d'hote special. The main course portion of duck was HUGE. I couldnt finish it though :(Have to pay them another visit. They were sauteing chillis and the smell convinced me for a round 2 trip!!They even offer 15% off to Yelpers who check in!
3	Great thai byob place. Was here for a friends birthday dinner before heading out. The food was pretty tasty and the prices were very reasonable. The location is great close to a few bars and restaurants. I ordered the green curry chicken with eggplant and other veg in a hot pot, it was very good and came with a bowl of white rice. Our waiter was very attentive to each of our requests and it was a very busy night for this smallish place. Probably one of the better thai restaurants i have been to in Montreal.
