5	You will never find a more wonderful vet than Dr. Ford. I travel far and wide to see her.
5	I've yelped one of the vets here, Dr. Pamela Ford and gave her 5 stars. I've also yelped a different vet and gave them 2 stars. I went in today to readdress the issue I took my dog in for a the other place. If you go and read that review, you'll see what happened there.Well, my visit today was completely opposite from the other place.. for the exact same issue. Other place: $200 blood test, skin scraping, possible allergy scratch test..AAWC: Put him in a cone, wipe of his body once a day with a washcloth to remove any allergens (pollen, ect) and give him a kid's benadryl twice a day. If it turns out he needs a more intense antihistamine then that's fine, but let's start out on the most inexpensive medication and see what happens. I used to drive to this vet from Maricopa, and now we're in Chandler. I got lazy and tried a place near my house.. Never again. I've loved Dr. Ford since she was at Baseline Animal Clinic 7 years ago. Our cat needed a $1500 surgery and we were poor college students. She did the surgery and let us make payments.
5	I can't believe that I haven't reviewed this place yet! After trying another vet in the east valley (to remain unnamed), I was on a mission to find one that I (as well as my pooch) loved. In comes Dr Sherry Johns- she is amazing. She sat on the floor with me and my dog and talked us through some of the issues we had been having. She layed out the possible treatments based on being conservative (and saving some $$) or going full out and spending full $$ to diagnose and treat. She didn't push me into the more expensive option. The staff have all been really great as well. They seem to really love the animals that come in. I wouldn't take my pup anywhere else.
5	I love everyone at AZ Animal Wellness Center! Wow, they take care of my sweet dog (Cooper) as well, if not better, than I do.  They got me in for a same day appointment (within 45 minutes in fact!) when I called them about a concerning wound/lesion on his back.  They analyzed it and determined it needed to be removed and got him in for surgery the next morning.  Everyone was very loving toward Cooper and took great care of him.  He's back home and happy (although loopy from the morphine) and I'm so grateful for everyone, especially Dr. Heetland, who was our vet (but I heard from a friend that all the vets are great here). Thank you to everyone at AZ Animal Wellness Center for taking care of my baby!
5	i LOVE everyone in this office. platonically of course. i cannot believe that i held out so long to try another get. i got Penny earlier this year through Lucky Dog Rescue and they use the Scottsdale Veterinary Clinic. not really knowing much about the whole process in the first place, i stuck with the SVC and was really unhappy with their service. a friend of mine at work suggested i should check out the Arizona Animal Wellness Center and i'm so glad i did.every tech and doctor is extremely nice and genuinely cares about your pet. they are extremely friendly and completely helpful even when you ask newbie dumb questions. they take the time to listen and really offer great advice instead of just shoving you through the exam, taking your money, and pushing you out of there as fast as they can. their basic exams work on a 30 min schedule instead of a 10 so you do get more time with the doctor and your pet gets the attention that they deserve. i couldnt be more happy with the service that the center provided and i was extremely impressed when they followed up to see how Penny was doing . i've never had a vet do that. i will definitely be going back here for all of her vet needs.
5	I have been going to Dr. Parva & Dr. Ford (the owners) for years, following them around town. When I heard they were opening their own place I was like "YAY" when they said it was at Higley and Pecos I was like "BOOOOO". However, I still make the 30 minute drive from Tempe to get the best veterinary care I have found in my 30 + years on this planet (and in AZ).To give you an example, when I had to put my dog down a couple of months ago, the whole place was crying. THE WHOLE PLACE. They always take their time with you and your pet, explaining everything thoroughly so you understand whats going on and what you may be up against. Another example is a looong time ago my cat was sick with kidney disease, it was a Sunday and he was hurting. I got a hold of Dr. Parva and she met me up at the Vet on her way back from Tucson to put him down. She knew how upset I was and didn't make me pay or make decisions at that time (they did bill me so don't expect a freebie), but it was comforting to know she was there when I needed her and she cared and trusted me enough to know I just needed to grieve.I can't say enough about this place, the tech and front desk are loving and amazing, the doctors are FABULOUS and I just love them all so much.
5	Dr. Ford is great.  She came highly recommended and I can see why.  Very focused and caring assessment of my Dog.  Bring your animals here, they will be taken care of properly.
1	I regret ever going to this Vet, I only went there because of the positive reviews, but now question if the positive reviews are actual clients.  Their main goal is to make $ off their clients, not the actual well being of your animal.  Constantly trying to push insurance policies, wanting to do unnecessary blood work, only guaranteeing their bordatella vaccine for 6 months - every vet I've been to has guaranteed for a year, and then I had one dog die (within hours) after receiving the bordatella, and the other dog actually got kennel cough within a few months. $$$$$ is all this vet cares about, after the death of our dog, we found another vet, couldn't be happier, and they did agree the blood work was TOTALLY unnecessary since we'd just had it done within the last  year.  Oh and wanted to do vaccines when they hadn't expired yet.  Again $$$$$$$$$$ is all they care about.
5	I have been taking my cat(s) here for over 6 years.  Dr. Ford is my cat's doctor.  She is personable and easy to talk to about your animals health.   I find the front desk to be very friendly and willing to help you with any task.  I have also had excellent experience with all of the techs.  This office will call you to following up on you animal the next day to later on that night depending on your animals' issues.  I have found the entire operation to be excellent.
5	I am so glad to have finally found a great vet here in the valley! We took my precious little Pom in for a cough only to find out the worst news possible... Her little heart was failing. Now, at 18 years old that wasn't a huge surprise however I was still devastated. Dr. Benigni was amazing and extremely compassionate. I saw another post on here saying all they cared about was money. I COMPLETELY disagree!! (In fact they are one of the more affordable vets I've visited in the valley) Dr. Benigni explained to me the tests we could run and all the treatments we could try, but she also explained to me that treating her heart would ultimately make her other organs fail and she did not recommend we spend the extra money. Instead we took her home for a few days to love on and spoil her. The day we knew it had to hapen, they got us in right away and were extremely compassionate. Afterwards I even received a card signed by everyone there. Bottom line, even though the circumstances surrounding my first visit there were not the greatest, they have gained a customer for life. We will be taking our Rottie and cat there in the future for all of their health care needs. I've never felt my animals were in better hands.
3	I like the way they treat my dogs, really friendly staff.  They are really good about getting your pet seen in an emergency.  The facility itself is nice.  However, it feels as if they are always trying to sell me something things I don't need. This place is so expensive, we can never get out of there for less than $100.
5	They are very friendly and took great care of my dog Max. He needed surgery for bladder stone removal and they did a great job. Great follow up, I received a call the next day to check on Max. The surgery was expensive, but I called around to 2 different vets to see about pricing and make sure I wasn't getting gouged and Arizona Animal Wellness Center was $600 less. Very happy with them.
5	Hands down, without a doubt the VERY BEST veterinary clinic I have ever used for my pets.  I could go through a list of names of every single person who made our appointment yesterday so awesome and I probably should.  The truth is every single person there made things the easiest, most pleasant, professional and compassionate experience ever.  Whoever has set the standard at this clinic for customer service needs a medal!  And needs to be training people around the world how to treat customers!  Yes, some of the tests on our dog were pricey but it's to be expected.  We were not hounded, pushed or shamed into deciding to have the tests done.  We were given options and choices and made our own decision.  Anything we wanted to do was fine with Dr. Benigni and Jessica, our vet tech.  They gave us time to decide and figure out how we could manage the bill.  And the best part?  After we were home and well into our evening, I got a call from Dr. Benigni, giving me results from the slides made from cells aspirated from lumps on our dog, Ellie.  She was still working at 7:30 pm and calling to give me good news!  And spent time talking me through what was still left to do and even go over a diet for Ellie.  I would give AAWC and Dr. Benigni 10 stars if I could!
5	If I could give a trillion stars (i'm not exaggerating) I would....I don't even know how to put into words how blown away I am with this entire clinic.  I have NEVER experienced such animal lovers, compassionate people, knowledgeable, patient, the list goes on.  The first time I went there they treated me like I had been going there since my pet was a puppy.  They got me in right away, it was an emergency, and I was clearly upset that my dog was very sick, so the staff actually cried with me, gave me water, made sure my dog was comfortable and loved...they took just as good of care of me as they did my dog.  Because of this entire practice, they made my decision so much easier and the procedure itself much easier than it should have been.  I cannot say enough about this center, what I feel and what they did for me I cannot put into words.  I own 7 dogs and I am now a loyal lifetime member of the Arizona Animal Wellness Center.
5	The friendly and extremely knowledgable staff have been my lifesavers over the last 5 years.They have worked swiftly to save two of my pets lives and also created a peaceful and loving environment for when we had to say goodbye to another. The Dr's are filled with compassion and they truly care about your pet and you in those terrible times. I have never had another office as wonderful as this one is. The VERY best!
5	i love doctor ford after a few bad experiences at another vet and this other vet not doing blood work she did blood work for valley fever and we found out that is what our girl has they are so nice and help us to do what will be more cost affective I will be taking both my dogs to her she is great and the whole office was very kind and friendly to us I even got my sister to take her dogs when she needs a vet.
2	They are good with your pets for sure, but I think that should be expected "tablestakes" if you will for being a vet center.My concern with this place is the cost and the attitude towards running this place like a business. I am all for capitalism, but when you stop focusing your business on what's the best answer for the pets, as opposed to the best answer for the profit/loss statement, then you've got your priorities mixed up with mine (as a customer).One example is our heartgard prescription. We have a busy life, and found it very convenient to get heartgard online. Well, Arizona Animal Wellness Center has made this extremely difficult for us. We have asked multiple times (and they have agreed multiple times) to send a prescription so we can have this convenience, but each time they change the story and back out of helping us out.  All for what- because they won't make the extra $5 profit by selling it themselves?  Is it not enough that we pay $300 for a regular checkup, and that they mark up their vaccines by 75-100% vs. other local vets (even though their vaccine source is the same)?It's too bad really. The vets themselves are actually good, but the way this business is run is just not a win-win for the consumer.  We have three pets and learned our lesson.  We will be taking them elsewhere in the future- where they can get good quality care, for less cost (which means we can take the savings and spend those savings on more frequent wellness visits).
5	Our doggy was super sick with a stomach ulcer/colitis and this was the only vet office that could get us in right away. They took excellent care of our little guy. Dr Ford even called us later in the day to check on him. Everyone was super friendly and helpful. I thought the prices were reasonable and I liked that they didn't push any kind of wellness plans on us like other pet hospitals (banfield). I would definitely recommend to all of my friends and family.
5	When we moved to Arizona from Colorado in April, our dogs got really sick.  In June, we had to put our little dog, Minnie, to sleep because of persistent non-correctable back issues that put her in immense pain.  As soon as she was gone, out dog Titus became ill.  We took him to Dr. Heetland who helped us diagnose an anemia issue.  We did everything we could to save him but, his bone marrow stopped functioning and steroids did nothing.  There was nothing we could do long term.The news was devastating to say the least.  Thank the good lord that we had a vet that cared about us and our dog as much as he would his own family member.  He treated us with absolute care and compassion and we could not be happier that he came into our lives at such a difficult time.  We know that he did everything he could to save Titus and keep us, as pet parents, as calm as possible.  Thank you Dr. Heetland and the staff of Arizona Animal Wellness Center.
5	I was recommended to take my puppy Maddie to this place by a friend who started to work there. It has always been high energy and fun when you walk in the door. They look like they are having fun and they know what they're doing. Maddie was well taken care of when she got her spay, and they really seem to give their patients that special attention. Heck, this health care is better than we humans get! I recommended this vet to all friends and recommend them to anyone who has a new puppy/kitten and is in the area.
1	If I could give this place a negative star I would.  Dr. Parvo made me feel horrible told me over and over my dog was going to die ( he is happy and healthy today) My sister took her dog there and found out she had cancer...the same vet told her to have risky surgery to remove the cancer and if she did not have the surgery their nothing they could do.  She decided not to do it...the vet never called or checked in see how the dog was doing.  Her dog got really sick and decided to take her dog to another vet to put her down this vet was shocked. He would have never recommended surgery and the dog would not survive that type of surgery. He gave my sister some help and she able to safely extend her pups life for an another season.  My niece bought her dog to this vets with a minor injury they milked her out of hundreds of dollars and the dog has never healed properly to this day  I think the staff was great that the only nice thing I could say nice about this vets office
5	I went here off of the Yelp recommendations and I'm glad I did. They seem to be a group of caring, professional staff through every step of the process. We just moved here from Tucson and I feel fortunate to have found such a great practice for my cat.
5	After a year and a half as a consistent client, I still give AAWC the highest rating. And YES, I am a real person with 4 real dogs and one real cat. So anyone on here questioning the validity of all the positive reviews, feel free to message me!Vet care can be expensive, no doubt. It's no more expensive here than any other vet I've used. I've never, ever been pressured to spend more than I was comfortable with and never shamed when I considered the options and chose what was best for my pet AND my budget.
5	This place is great. After several visits I have found that all of the staff is super friendly, professional, knowledgeable with my dog. They provide high quality care while being very patient and gentle with my dog.The prices aren't the highest but they aren't the cheapest. They are not pushy with extra services or products they just make the best recommendations based on your animals health. They review all the procedures and products you'll be purchasing beforehand so there's no hidden costs or surprises. I would recommend this place to anyone seeking a high quality of care for your pet.
5	We were referred to Arizona Animal Wellness Center abut five years ago and we have never looked back.  Let me say that we aren't around the corner from here and we will make the extra drive time and time again.We have worked with Dr. Johns, Dr. Heatland and Dr. Ford and I will always recommend them to anyone who is looking for a great vet.  If you truly care about your pets, this is the place to take them.  Originally, we came here when one of my dogs had Valley Fever.  She was nursed back to health, and we were given honest answers about medication and where it would be least expensive to purchase it.  After we adopted our second dog who was so afraid to be in a vet's office, Dr. Ford was so gentle with her and made her feel at ease.  I've been to several vet's offices before we landed here and I will tell you that they truly care for the welfare of our dogs.  They don't make you get extra things that your animals do not need and they don't push you out the door in a hurry.  They actually take time with you, address all of your needs and I believe they truly care.   I will ALWAYS recommend them to anyone.  Worth the drive just for their compassion alone.
5	We needed a new vet when moving to the area.  They were super friendly, helpful and very interested in my pet.  I loved the service we received and am glad to have found them.
5	We have been taking our cats to AAWC since moving to Arizona in 2010.  We have been consistently pleased with the vets, the staff, the services, and the facility. And, much as I hate to admit it, the prices. Their prices are inline with other vet offices that I checked out. Yes, it is expensive to take a pet to the vet. And, yes, a vet expects to make an income...and recoup the cost and effort of going to vet school. OK, I will get off that soapbox.  Within two years of moving here both of our elderly cats developed serious health issues and had to be euthanized within a few months of each other. Doctors Parva and Heetland were extremely compassionate with us and our pets. They offered alternatives and helped us come to terms with each loss. Since then, Dr. Parva helped us find a new cat who is fitting in around the house quite well. Thankfully, she has decided to let us remain....as long as we serve her every whim.
5	We have been bringing our pets to this office since we moved here almost 5 years ago. They are a wonderful facility and all of the staff and veterinarians are so great! We have had a ton of visits over the years and every single little question and concern is answered and treated. They always call to check in on my "kids" the next day and sometimes after. Many times I get a personal detailed phone call from Dr Ford, Dr Parva, Dr Beninie, and Dr Heatland themselves.  This veterinary office is high class in my book. The office staff and vet techs are all so genuine and sweet. My dogs think they are VIP when they come in for a visit, as everyone loves on them and sets them at ease. Vets are not inexpensive, but the health and well being of my pets is priceless. I highly recommend Arizona Animal Wellness Center for anyone looking for quality, loving care for their pets.
5	Love this wellness center for our furry family. Lost our shepherd and they treated him and us with such compassion and respect. Taking our new addition now and their suggestions and confidence boost go a long way to helping everyone adjust. Would recommend highly. Staff are knowledgable and very friendly and accommodating as well.
5	So far very pleased. We have only had one visit and did spend more than we would have liked but it was mostly due to the X-Rays that needed to be taken. Dr. Parva spent 2 hours with us and took the time to get to know us and answer all of our questions. She even answered questions we didn't know we had.Adam was also very helpful and great with our dog. The made her feel comfortable and not nervous.We will be seeing more of them due to the fact that our dog has Valley Fever and we are trying different things to see if we can't get her 100% better.
5	Acupuncture for My Mac Dog. Dr Tuttle and the tech were so friendly, professional, friendly amd amazing. I can see a difference after one treatment and expect great results after a few more. No trying to sell or oversell, just concern for my boy. Love them!
5	This practice is amazing. The front office staff is excellent as are the vet techs. I have seen 3 vets at the practice, all of whom are outstanding. I have referred several of my friends to the practice and they are equally satisfied.  They give you as much time as you need during an appointment and clearly outline costs and give you options. A follow up call comes the day after an appointment, regardless of what you were seen for. Truly a caring and well run practice.
5	This place is incredible! After owning 13 cats and 5 dogs (not to mention all the hamsters, chickens, fish, a horse, etc), I've experienced my share of vets. My husband and I tried this place a few years ago on a friend's recommendation, and we haven't looked back! Every single visit has been a pleasure - the vet techs are kind and knowledgeable, and the vets equally so. Our personal favorite is Dr. Benigni, who always takes the time to answer our (many, and sometimes weird) questions and truly seems to care about our pets' well-being. Even though this place can be a bit expensive, I know that it is going toward top-of-the-line healthcare for my fur babies. I want my pets to have the happiest and healthiest life possible, and AZ Animal Wellness Center goes above and beyond in helping me meet that goal.
5	These people are a class act! After every other vet turned me away claiming to be too busy, they welcomed us in! They fit us right in and got us straight to a room. We had a small wait, but that is a given coming in without an appointment. They got our puppy all fixed up and got us out the door in 30 mins. They realized that she did not need a full assessment, and just needed a quick sanitary service. For this, they gave me a nice break of the cost. Even before the break, the cost was not bad at all for an emergency. I will be brining my dogs back here anytime we need a vet. They were all so friendly, polite, and helpful. From the front desk to the vet, they all were a 5 star act.
