4	I've only been to On The Rocks once but had a good time considering what I was going for.  I met a few friends for a low-key night at a bar where we would know no one.  Enter, On The Rocks.  Between Thomas and McDowell on the east side of Scottsdale road, this strip mall bar has no rules.  Its very chill, with a few local faithfuls at the bar.  We were over dressed but no one minded, everyone pretty much kept to themselves.  I think there are some video games in the back, but we occupied ourselves with the shuffle board table which was a blast.  Super cheap drinks are also a blast.Definitely a rougher crowd than you'll see elsewhere in Scottsdale but not intimidating or rude.  A great place to go wearing flips and a t-shirt or if you want to leave the house and not give a shit about anything.
2	On the Rocks is a divey bar in a strip mall "plaza" located next to a gun shop, a middle eastern grocery store, and what used to be The Congo. This place is scarier during the day than it is at night. It's actually only a little bit crummy to be fair - it has a few bar games and pool and places to sit and drink and it only smells a little bit like rotten fruit and B.O.I don't really get the crowd here. Locals and burnouts mixed with some pretty cool looking folk. Hard to get a read on it, but I don't see this place being a huge draw for hipsters or anyone with a pulse. Drinks are cheap and the staff seems pretty friendly. Even with all the video games, shuffle board and pool - if you wanted to have a really fun time here, you might have to bring your own fun... and at least a few friends to help you carry it.
5	On the Rocks is one of Scottsdales hidden gems! This place has AMAZING deals on beer and the perfect place to get a group of friends together and play some games!They have shuffle board, darts, pool, bar-side arcade games and a jukebox! Another awesome side note is that you can bring in your own food! The customer service here is also great!If you are looking for a great time at a hole in that wall bar with great deals and a friendly staff, you would be crazy not to check this place out!!LOVE ON THE ROCKS!!
