4	I love Federico's on 32nd.  Easy jump from Scottsdale open 24 hours a day.I usually stick to the steak, egg, and cheese Burrito.  It's is large and under $5.  The drive thru is quick except for lunch time and 2 A.M.The Enchiladas and Tacos are great and the combo plate is a lot of food.  The rice is good but the beans leave something to be desired, I like a creamy refried bean myself.  These are not that good.
4	i used to love this place when it was a Filibertos years ago. i was actually sitting at the drive thru window when this place was busted my immigration officers about 9 years ago..i was so upset afterwards...it went from a 24 hour food spot to a place that closed at 10pm :(ohh memories. i haven't tried it since it changed to Federico's but lets face it. all these places are pretty much the same. cheap delicious food that is a gamble every single time.
1	Home of the incredible exploding burrito. This place is awesome if you want to wear your food. Actually, that might be better than eating it. :(
4	For a cheap ass mexican place, its damned good! Lets face it there are a TON of "-bertos" and "-icos" ending mexican joints with interchangeable prefixes  but the Federicos on 32nd and Shea is truly one of the good ones. The AZ burritos are awesome as well as the quesadillas - try it with their green sauce and you wont be disappointed! Tostadas arent bad either :)(: one thing, steer clear of adding chicken or steak the quesadillas it ruins them, they get extra fatty/greasy! And hey, open 24 hours? Cant beat that with a stick lol
4	I stopped by Federico's for a quick bite to eat.  I ordered two beef tacos with a drink.  The woman at the counter was doing double duty at the drive-through so service was a bit slow, but the food was excellent.  The tacos were tasty, ,the lettuce was very crisp and fresh, and I was totally impressed by the food.  Very very good value for the money.
3	By Default, the "-icos" and "-bertos" are two star operations, but this particular Federico's stands out a bit from the bunch in service, quality, and location and facilities.  Its a bit spacier and more relaxed than most.  Surprisingly affable and fast staff at this location.In my opinion, there are one-star items and four star items on every icos/bertos menu, the key is determine which items are four star for you, and then try to not stray off the trusted path.  For me at Federico's, I can count on good rolled tacos and serviceable bean burritos, but I've been duped many times (while hungry) to delve into the numbered combos, and I regret it everytime.  The side beans and rice are just blah, blah, blah x 10.  The Carne Asada is pretty close to foul, and the shredded meats seem very canned and oversoaked.  But its in the smaller treats where Federicos can win you over (nachos, maybe a flauta, simple burritos and of course rolled tacos), so the three stars is well earned in that regard.
4	My Husband and I had lunch today at Federicos, he loves their Fish burritos, they are huge  !  we live in scottsdale, but visit this mexican restaurant often, so worth the drive!   they also have good green chile !  they make their beans with soy, so they do  taste a little different !! this place is very clean also !!   good food ! good prices !
1	If you are looking for a good burrito you wont find it here. I kept giving this place a chance just by trying other things they had to offer , just because someone says its good don't believe the hype.....!!!!!
1	This place was the only thing that was open in the area at 11pm. I was starving and I figured I'd give this place a try. This was a HUGE mistake! I ordered a shrimp and steak quesadilla to go. By the time I got home the quesadilla was not only swimming in fatty oil but it was drowning in it! I was disgusted at the pool of grease that laid atop my food! I tried to save it by blotting it with napkins but it was no use. I was NOT going to put that in my body. It was just not worth it.
4	I like fast Mexican food and out of all the corner taco shops this has been by far my favorite..  Always fresh and hot off the grill/fryer it's one that I frequent regularly :)
4	I am giving them 4 stars for making the heaviest batch of nachos I have had in a very long time. It was piled high with tons of meet, cheese, guac, sour cream. I was in nacho heaven. Yes I have been to just about every -icos, bertos, etc, but they were very generous on this particular day and I know it. Thank you for helping with my nacho fix. If I am ever in this part of town again, I just may stop in and say hi.. and grab some more nachos!
4	I've eatin here 15 times or so. Its the neighborhood berto's and always hits the spot. Of course tastes better after a night of drinking. Great lunch as well.
4	I've lived in San Diego and had " most likely," the best burritos in the word. Not to mention making many trips south of the border, the burrito I had was above average.  The only down side was towards the end it was a little cold.  I suppose being in an area with so much Mexican food could effect the rating, if this place were in South Florida or Hawaii, I'd have to give it five stars. Believe me there aren't any great Mexican restaurants there.
5	Delicious! I went to the Shea and 32nd street location!Get the rolled tacos with delicious guacamole! I will return soon!Thanks!
4	This is my go to place for a late night bite. My usual is the 5 rolled beef tacos with guacamole. They are fried to perfection and always hot. I'm also a big fan of their cheese quesadilla. It's made on a massive flour tortilla, crunchy on the out side and gooey on the inside. Their home made hot sauce is amazing. I always ask for a few extra an toss it in my scrambled eggs the next morning. Federicos is fast, clean, cheap and very tasty. You won't be disappointed!
4	Is it a super cheap 24 hour Mexican food drive thru? Yes. Is it fantastic? No. But for being a 24 hour Mexican Drive thru its darn good. Food was fast and cheap and good. I got the crane as ada plate and couldn't finish it. Want cheap and fast and good? Boom. A great pick.
4	This place is the best absolutely awesome if you drank and partied all night. great for a hangover open 24 hours Connie Asada burrito is the cure for all and will soak up all the alcohol don't forget to get extra salsa
4	Size does matter! That is what they serve here, the burritos must weigh about a pound and a half no matter which one you order. I prefer the Carna Asada, Chorizo with Potatoes or Breakfast Burrito with Eggs, Potatoes and Sausage. The Carna Asada Tacos are huge served I'm a soft taco and you can barely bend the tortilla because there is so much meat and salsa.I also like the cheese quesidilla which also is served on an awesome tortilla. Everything is very inexpensive and pretty fresh tasting. So to sum it up huge portions, cheap prices count me in on coming back for more!
3	Don't go here if you're in the mood for Chinese food (like I did) bc you won't leave satisfied!That being said, they have some of the best Mexican food ever. Bring an appetite! Next time I need to come on a day I'm not craving egg rolls and sweet n sour chicken :)
