3	Always been a big fan of Panera - when this one opened up close to my house I was ecstatic.  High quality flavors and always consistent.  The drive through option (I've never seen this at a Panera before this particular location) is pure money.  I was expecting slower than typical morning fast food drive through service, but received just the opposite.  Order was accurate.  Coffee was hot.  Breakfast sandwich was good.If I could change something, I'd work on the value for the price paid.  $8 for a breakfast sandwich and some caffeine means I won't be returning very often, unfortunately.  The other ~negative comment I'd like to bring up is a lack of dedicated convenient parking.  They sandwiched (pun intended) this restaurant between a McDonalds and a gas station.  Combine this with their drive through lane and the parking options are quite limited.  There are a decent number of spaces across the main drive towards Walmart/Barnes&Noble, etc., but beware walking across traffic.  I went there ~2pm last week and couldn't find a spot.
4	Best time to come: 930am-11am to avoid the breakfast and lunch crowd. Nice patio, but looks out to Walmart. Very well staffed during their Grand Opening
5	I am a huge fan of panera... this one is much fancier than others in the area. They have a drive thru, a REALLY nice patio and they bring the food to your table. Only bad part is the view from the patio is wal mart. Food was consistent as the other paneras and they had the new 'secret menu' which my friend ordered a salad from and really enjoyed (greek I think?)
4	Typical Panera quality with added convenience at this location.   This location has a drive thru which is unique for Panera and is always mobbed.  This location also has a monstrous covered patio with screened sides and a smaller uncovered patio on the side.  I felt like the dining room was a little larger than most Paneras and had a good mix of tablw types.   The service area is a little smaller and crowded, but the staff works with it well.  This location ia close to the road with good visibility in a crowded shopping center.  Panera lost a star because the parking lot is small and crowded - I felt like I was in a real life game of Frogger getting in to it.This Panera is a great place to have a business meeting.
4	This ia a great Panera location! They have a drive thru and a really nice open patio. I only don't give them 5 stars because every time I'm there the staff seems to be always rushing. Two times they forgot to include my side French baguette and one of those times I had to ask two different staff since the first one was rushing in and out the patio and totally forgot about my bread. The place is really nice, but they should get more staff and prepare those already working there, because doesn't matter if you have an amazing place, if your people are not prepared you only lose.
3	On a chilly day, Panera's soup calls my name. I decided to order a cup of broccoli cheese soup and turkey and Swiss on sourdough. The sandwich was great and the soup definitely hit the spot. I love the pieces of broccoli and carrots, a lot thicker than some other places. Only disappointing factor, service. There were over 10-15 people in line with one girl at the register and two kiosks for self serve orders. And, delivery of the orders seemed to be slow and I originally received the wrong soup. No worries, will be back.
5	Yep I'm a Panera Bread Fan ! The Sandwich's are always awesome, I love the Turkey Bacon Bravo with extra Gouda Cheese and now the soups are in with the colder weather. Broccoli Cheddar Bread Bowl is a must have......Go check it out if you haven't..... to me its worth the price for great quality food.
4	Great salads, nice location. Love the patio on a nice day. I can't believe they have a drive-thru, it's awesome!
