1	We purchased a rocking chair from This Kerby's Furniture- when we placed the order the guy was very nice (though I have forgotten his name)- he quoted me 6-8 weeks for delivery.  I called 6 weeks later and the guy who answered the phone was obviously much older and when I told him we were quoted 6-8 weeks for delivery he laughed and said "ya, we always quote you that but it doesn't mean anything". My chair just came in today so we came over to pick it up- we were told to drive around the side to pick up the chair and we asked if we wanted it put together since it comes in 2 pieces - we said yes. We drove around the side and the chair along with the same older guy that was so rude on the phone was standing there- before my husband was even out of the truck he already put our tailgate down (so rude- you don't touch anyone's truck without their permission) he then "tossed" the chair up into the truck, came over to the window and asked my husband to sign- my husband went jumped in the back of the truck and checked the chair out - before he signed anything!  While my husband was looking at it the guys rudely said "it would be better if you had something to tie it down with" - obviously we do and had he waited for my husband to get out and actually get the ties before throwing it in the back of the truck he would have known that. My husband signed the paperwork and the guy said "Thanks" and went back inside and shut the door. No copy of what we even signed! He was extremely rude and I feel he felt he was doing us a favor instead of us purchasing a chair from him when we could have went anywhere else. We will not be purchasing anything from Kerby's Furniture again.  We haven't tried the chair out yet- but after how rude they were I really hope it is a good chair because I don't want to have to deal with them again!
1	My experience with Kerby's was horrible.  I dealt with Mike who the delivery staff told me was the manager.  While I like the pieces I got, my gut instinct when I was buying this was to cancel on the spot as Mike first overcharged me.  Told me the prices were in a group price. One of the pieces was much more than I was quoted, others were less.  When he redid the prices I asked why I don't get the other pieces for the prices on the invoice. Apparently, although I thought I got a good deal apparently I did not. Dead giveaway was Mike all of a sudden was sweating bullets.But what I'm most upset with was the fact that I had asked Mike if they will take away my other furniture and without me saying anything Mike assured me they would and that they donate all furniture to Habitat for Humanity.  I told him that because of this he had a sale.The delivery people came and told me they had no room on their truck and that my furniture was going to a dumpster just down the road, that they never donate to any place, everything goes in a dumpster. While the delivery people where standing there I called Mike who at first lied telling me they were directly taking it to a donation center right down the street.  When I asked the delivery people if this was true the deliver guys told me no it is not, we don't have the room, and we don't have the time, it's going to the dumpster.  I relayed this back to Mike who then got very rude, I asked him why he lied to me, I wouldn't have bought from them.  Mike told me I would have.  I told him to cancel my order.  He told me "look lady, you can't, this was a final sale, this is not New York, this is Arizona.  I told him I was going to cancel delivery and wanted my money back, he laughed and hung up on me first saying again that all sales are final.When I asked the delivery men who the manager was I was told it was Mike.  When I asked them where the other stores are they told me that nothing was open today except for this store.  "On a Saturday, none of your other furniture stores are open?"  Nope.  I refused delivery and then realized that Mike might hold my stuff hostage and my money and I chased the truck and had my pieces delivered.  Bottom line, there was no reason for Mike to lie to me.  Had he told me that they would take the furniture but they throw it out, I would have either made arrangements for a charity to pick it up before or not bought there.  He didn't give me that choice.  Mike lied, he was rude, and I will never ever buy anything from this store again.  One other little tidbit, there are signs up all over that this company is going out of business, a huge sale.  Mike shared with me when I was there that indeed they are not going out of business, they never were, they were just downsizing.  If you desire honesty and fairness as well a good customer service if there is an issue DO NOT SHOP AT KERBY'S FURNATURE.  Clearly this is not a store that gives back to the community and lies to its customers.
5	I was in need of a whole house full of furniture and there prices were out of this world. Plus the sales people were so helpful and i met Mr Kerby himself. love the small business in mesa ..  wish i could give more then a 5 star
1	I wrote a review here about a year ago and it's gone.  This place has the worst customer service full of lies, they will say anything or do anything to get a sale. Do yourself a favor there's much better places to go to then here.  And they do not donate your old furniture like they tell you they take it to the nearest dumpster and throw it out.  You can click on my name hopefully and see my full review my experience that day.
5	Just order two new chairs for fathers day. Their prices are so low and I could order it in any color I wanted.. I am going to tell everyone about this place.. And they are a Local company love you guys :)
