1	Was told they deliver to Nellis Suites. Too bad I'll never know because no one answered my 6 attempts to call at 5pm.
3	Was staying at the Howard Johnson across the street, and even got a discount for showing our room key.  Service was nice and prompt and food was tasty. Typical IHOP food, but instead of going with breakfast, I got a club sandwich and it was delicious!
4	I'm not a huge fan of IHOP and I've had some shotty experiences at multiple locations across the country.  This one on Craig Road next to the Howard Johnson is alright in my book though.  Service was friendly and the food was not too shabby.  I ordered the chicken and waffles.  It was supposed to come with honey mustard but they brought me ranch dressing.  Whatever.  I don't care much for ranch but I was not going to argue over it.  I don't use much dressing for my chicken anyhow.  My mom ordered the pumpkin pancake combo with hash browns, eggs and bacon.  I was shocked that she finished her plate.  She tends to be a light eater.  Either the food was simply that good or she was absolutely starving.  My step dad got some other combo.  I think I saw pancakes, stuffed french toast, eggs, hash browns and toast.  A total carb fest with a splash of protien.  Whatever he got he enjoyed.  And both my mom and step-dad were happy to see butter pecan syrup on the table.  I used traditional.  I guess I'm boring that way.  When it came to settle the bill the 20% discount for being a Howard Johnson customer was not applied right away.  The staff were quick to admit the error and ready to fix it.  They were even good enough to bring the new receipt to our table having seen my step-dad hobble up to the counter with his bad knee the first time.  For this level of service, IHOP gets all the credit that is due.
1	not happy with the service here at all. our waitress was ClaudiaA who disappeared and didn't come back for 20 minute increments which led our food to come out cold and 20 minutes apart. I will not recommend this place to any friends or family visiting in the area.
5	The manager I believe his name is David was awesome!! He sat us and took our drink order as soon as we sat down. I noticed that the employees were great full and happy to have him around because he seems like he really cares about service. We ordered or meals and He noticed our food wasn't out yet so he went and told us our order was stuck in the machine so he was going to give us a discount for the wait. We didn't even realize it was taking awhile so when he informed us we were surprised but very happy and great full. I've never had better service.
4	Near Nellis AFB I have often found myself here with my husband on lunch breaks or quick breakfasts.Pleasantly clean and free of grunge. This IHOP is decorated in a military fashion with helicopters hanging from the ceiling and accents of patriotism strewn about.Service is quick, to the point, prompt, and amiable. Service men frequent here - they expect food, they expect to pay, and they expect to leave. But - you will find families here too, most of them military.Food is decent IHOP fair. Pancakes, omelettes, skillets, etc.The cleanliness and service is why I will return. Plus I adore the multiple types of syrups IHOP has for you on the table (so maybe it is all high-fructose corn syrup flavors, oh well). Plus ask for maple warmed up and they will be happy to bring it to you.
4	During EDCLV 2014, I stayed at the Value Place next door, so I gave this IHOP a try and was pleasantly surprised. Over that 4-day stay, I went twice and each time given great service and good food. My most recent visit was yesterday and I witnessed another table giving the manager, David, a tough time about waiting too long and demanding that the food be free. He nicely told them that he would go check the security cameras to see how long they had been waiting so he could ensure that wouldn't happen again. While he went to check the cameras, those guests left quickly! Obviously, they just wanted to complain in hopes of a free meal. How disgusting but par for the area. We were seated promptly and with a smile. Our server happened to be Dawn, an assistant manager, who gave us lightning service, drink refills without asking, and the VIP treatment. But wait, she did that for all the guests in IHOP at that time. I question the other less than stellar reviews for this place as over the last 3 months, this IHOP has been consistently good. I would not hesitate to go back to THIS IHOP, other IHOPs not so sure.
3	It's iHOP. Nothing too special about this place, food is solid. Ordered a pancake and eggs and it's all just fine. nothing spectacular.
