4	Meadowbank Stadium is often going to be overlooked in comparison to some of Edinburgh's other big stadiums.  It's part of the Meadowbank Sports Centre, and I went here to see a fireworks display last winter.  It's an athletics track, speedway track and events space.  There's a large grandstand on one side, which seated the hundreds of people who saw the fireworks quite comfortably.  We also had a guest appearance from Little Boots, who played a couple of her songs before the show began.I couldn't really fault the facilities here at all on my visit.  Sure, it's not as big and doesn't have the big atmosphere of Murrayfield, but it's a fair bit smaller, so this is to be expected!  There are a fair number of events that use the stadium through the year, so consider going along to see what it is has to offer.
3	As well as Murrayfield, Tynecastle and Easter Road, Edinburgh is also home to Meadowbank Stadium. Not as large as other stadiums in the city, Meadowbank is probably the least well known, however that does not mean it is a poor excuse for a stadium. The stadium has one main stand which is where I have on occasions seen the fireworks display here. The stand has always been busy during the display and can sit a good few thousand people. Furthermore, the stadium also has an athletics track and a football pitch in the centre. The pitch is used also for other forms of athletics during local and national competitions. The stadium is also home to the Meadowbank Sports Centre which gives this stadium a little bit extra.
4	Having no interest in athletics or any of the other minority sports played to sparse crowds in here, Meadowbank Stadium holds little interest other than as a curio of days gone by, and the long gone Meadowbank Thistle FC, once Edinburgh's third professional football club who for reasons known only to them upped sticks and moved to the horrific concrete slopbucket of Livingston in the mid 90s.There's also fireworks on Bonfire Night and it was used for the T on the Fringe festival when it was running, but soon it may no longer be getting used for anything as it's currently up for demolition.Few will miss it, but in a part of town that sometimes feels a bit long-forgotten, and with a history that spans a long-forgotten football club and two long-forgotten Commonwealth Games tournaments, it holds that same eerie fascination for me usually reserved for abandoned mental hospitals..
