4	Really great food and good service!Tiramisu is recommended too!see full review at my tmblr.co/ZZ4Pswc2VLXU
5	Well now this place has the title if "BEST ITALIAN RESTAURANT IN SCOTLAND" and by heck it still lives up delicious meals and great service! It's a great asset Tk have in Bonnyrigg as you can sit with your girls zany giggle the night away whilst indulging in home cooked meals and the wine glass constantly being refilled. It's great value for the quality and there is so much choice. Don't go for a pizza though as the other dishes would be a crime to miss! The service is fast and friendly and always on hand to help with any questions or tough choices with what dish to have! "I will be  back" as Arnold so put it!
4	I want to be a fan. Really. They deserve it. In this small suburb of Edinburgh, it doesn't even have its own name, just a hood name :) Lasswade, a few miles further south you find the Rosslyn Chapel, a rare beauty made out of sandstone with lots of maybe secret stories behind it (the Da Vinci Code was partly filmed there), but I'm sidetracking now... This Italian restaurant, run by Gigi and her husband and a lot of noisy Italian waiters is a rare beauty also. The chef makes really great food - and I'm not an Italian food fan (eating no grains/ oats, so no bread, no pasta, no pizza, LOL, what was I doing here!). There was not much else to go to and I'm really glad I came here: not only were the waiters very very funny and (customer) friendly, the food was divine. I had a salmon stake that was just right and a side salad that complemented the salmon perfectly. Simple, but very very good. The only reason why I can't give 5 stars is that - and I say it lots of times - there aren't any good seats for singles...... seated at the most inconvenient table, next to the kitchen door, I had to put my scarf around my head to not be so uncomfortable by the cold draft every time the door swinged open. Give singles the best table in the house and they come back when not alone!The waiters were really funny.
5	Firstly the staff here are fantastically professional. And very down to earth. Constantly making you burst out laughing.The food is just simply put as "unmissable" I wouldn't go for the generic "pizza or lasagne" not that there is anything wrong with these dishes are in-fact quite the opposite ... It would simply be an unwise decision as there are amazing other dishes that are served. Order something you wouldn't normally.. And see for yourself. Glasses are always being refilled by the pleasant waiting staff. It's an Italian restaurant in this area that is second to none!.
