3	This location is recently opened & is not as busy as the more established locations that came before it.  The staff is not as smooth or as knowledgeable as the other sites but should improve in time.   The basic premise is $59/mo for 1 hour massage  (+tip) but if you come again, it's $39/ 1 hour  (+tip) or $57/ 1.5 hr (+tip),  It all depends on the therapist & what you like relates to whether the massage is agreeable or not.
5	Say what you will about franchises....  Truth be told, a few months ago, I wanted a massage, and though I knew there was a Massage Envy less than a mile away, I was.... well.... suspicious. Would this be like a fast food joint, but massage style? Would it lack ambiance? (I'm all about ambiance...), would the lighting be unbearable? Would I be unnerved by the uniforms? Would my therapist be lifeless and cookie-cutter?Regardless of my hesitations, I was pulled in with the $39 initial offer. I walked in on a Sunday evening (in Vegas, they have later hours on weekends) and was immediately calmed by the atmosphere.  Soothing taupe walls, low, warm lighting, zen-like music, cozy couches, and beverages while you wait.  So far, so good.  I sat down in a plush, eggplant-hued sofa, surrounded by pillows, while i nervously awaited my therapist to collect me.Now, I can't speak to all of the massage therapists, because I have never been willing to not use.... Julian.  He's just that good. I'm sure the rest of the therapists are fabulous too, but I'm sure I'll never know. Julian is unassuming, jovial, friendly and chatty (when you want to chat, which I usually do.  He's more than willing to shhhhh when you want quiet).  Being a people person, I was happy so far.  So, I got the run-down, and off I went into massage land.  All of my fears that the fast-food massage place would disappoint were assuaged. I was given a high-quality, deep, amazing, professional massage and spent an hour in muscle-soothing bliss.  Let's just say I have a new addiction.Next time you're in the mood for a fast food burger? Skip it, and go get a massage instead. :)
5	I have to say that I started out VERY skeptical about the Massage Envy franchise. My worries were about ambiance, the cheapness of the price (would it equate to sub-par massage therapists?) and most especially about the possibility of high pressure tactics to buy into the membership. I've now been there twice and have nothing but good things to say! Both therapists were absolutely fabulous, but my favorite is Misty. Amazing massage and she was blessedly silent. I have a 13 year old that I home school and am home with 24/7, so an hour and a half of silence was worth it's weight in gold. :) The great massage was a bonus. The reception staff is very professional and not at all high pressure about the membership. In fact, other than being asked if I knew about the membership package (which I did) they never again mentioned it. I had to specifically ask to join on my 2nd visit. No high pressure here! And the ambiance is very, very relaxing....soothing colors, calming music, unobtrusive fragrances, dimmed lights, comfy furniture in the waiting areas. All positives! So give 'em a call and try a really reasonable massage...you won't be disappointed!!
4	Clean, friendly, and professional. If you're looking for a squeezer, your not going to find it here.
4	You get what you pay for here, a convenient, decent quality massage. Not a ton of pressure to sign up for their memberships, but a little.
1	Horrible experience. Another reason why I always stick to my massage lady... Too many schedule conflicts lately, but I will hold out next time for sure. The lady was not tentative and didn't even work my knots out which was my main purpose for the massage. I told her that I don't like to have my face massaged because it makes me break out, but she did anyways. She just seemed like she lacked in experience or just came out of school. They also charged me for an hour and a half massage when it was an hour and ten minutes. If you want an amazing massage for a great price and not at a commercial business, message me.
5	I have had a few massages in my lifetime, some good and some bad, and the one I received from this location was excellent. The atmosphere was calming and professional. My massage came from the capable hands of Cody Wilcox. Just like the location, Cody was professional. He found out why I was there and what I wanted to have worked on. Usually my shoulders are tense and needs lots of work. After the experience, I felt better and was relaxed. I highly recommend him.
4	I went as my friend's guest and man was it a treat!  We got the regular hour body massage on a Saturday morning.  I had been to other massage places before but this one was so well organized.  First you check into the reception area and they offer you water while you are waiting, they even have snacks on the table if you need a little something.  When they called me in they asked if I needed to use the bathroom since I would be in there for an hour.  I said no and Debra showed me to my room.  The room had dimmed lighting and relaxing music was playing in the background.  She explained to me how they massage, asked me of any particular areas I wanted her to focus on and left me to undress and lay down.  She came back after a couple of minutes and got right to work.  I had knots and pain in my shoulders and lower back.  This lady was petite but her hands were firm and man did she get to those knots.  Once she was done with my back she placed a hot pack that extended from shoulder to shoulder, this helped a lot with my relaxation.  She continued to massage me and before I know it I was done!  I was sad that the time had seemed to go by so fast but my legs felt like jelly so it was well worth it!  I am thinking about getting a membership now!
5	I just went to this location for the first time last week.  I had put two times for an appointment online and they called me within the hour after I submitted it.  They were professional and explained their billing and no-show billings and set up my appointment for a one hour massage with Lori.  When I arrived they had me fill out a medical form and offered me water or tea.  It was a short wait and then I was taken back b y Lori.  The room was dimly lit but not too dark and she had soft music playing.  We went over what areas I had that needed extra work, my preferred pressure, and any areas that I would not like touched.  The massage was awesome and she checked in with me as to how the pressure was when she went to a new area. I was quite happy with the massage and, since they're close to my home, I went for the monthly massage contract for a year.  The cost was $60/month for a one hour massage, and if you don't use it that month it rolls over.  You can also add on time or get additional massages during the month for a discounted rate.  I'm looking forward to going each month since I can certainly use it with all the stress from my job.
1	I don't even want to give them 1 star, they deserve ( - ) stars if you ask me!!!Massage Envy is the worst company I have ever dealt with! Fist off my son bought me 3 massages from them for my Birthday. I used one of my massages on July 13, 2012 and they just called me to tell me my massages expire on August 11th because they were only good for 3 months, unless I sign up as a member! What's wrong with this? First, they were a gift and no one told me they would expire! Second, there is a law about gift certificates and gift cards not having expiration because it is the same thing as CASH, now I would think that this would fall under that same thing since it was a gift from my son. Let me find a lawyer and start a lawsuit and we will see who wins!Don't ever buy anyone you know a pacakage as a gift because they expire but, they don't tell you that!
5	My man got me a giftcard. I came in and filled out some paperwork. It was basically a good experience. My  therapist  was friendly and professional. The massage itself was enjoyabe. I was relaxed when I left and got talked into a membership. I now go in each month. Most of the time I am pleased. It is a very affordable way to get massage each month but you do risk getting inexperienced therapists sometimes.
4	As a mom of four it is imperative that I take care of myself in order to be the BEST I can be with my children...It's taken me a while (the twins are 10 and 5 this month...but I've arrived.  I decided this year to take the plunge and join Massage Envy - fingers and toes crossed - I'm also a Physical Therapist - I made my first appointment.  Patrice Jolly at the Centennial site is an amazing massage therapist and I've left each massage (now 3 down) feeling absolutely fantastic!  Hopefully at some point I'll be able to budget a second massage or facial for the month but that one massage is a treat that I look forward to every month!  Please let Patrice know I sent you!
1	Have your contract explained before you sign up. After being a member since 2009, I have 19 massages I haven't used. I asked to have the automatic payment frozen as it is a waste of money for me to keep paying for something I'm not using. I figured I could burn off the 19 unused, give my bank account a little break, and then unfreeze the payment when I got caught up. The surprise I got was now that they have approximately $931.00 of my money for unused massages, they wont let me use any of the credits I've already paid $49.00 each for while the payments for future massages are frozen. So, they have my money and they wont let me use accrued credits I've already paid for unless I keep paying. I blame myself for not being aware of all the terms of the contract. I just want to make sure that others know if a financial hardship requires you to suspend your membership, don't think you can relax with a massage you've already paid for!
5	Massage envy has a great brand and this location has great therapist from deep tissue to Swedish.  Some therapist are better than others. Good ones to name a few :  Shavon Anthony Laurie Cody
4	I'm continued to be pleased with Massage Envy Centennial Hills location.  The front desk is always efficient and helpful and I've only had two massages there that were not up to my standard.
1	To preface this review, I'm not an actual "client" here. I came in to purchase a gift card as a birthday present for someone and couldn't believe how terrible the customer service was.We walk in and see two employees sitting at the front counter. We're rudely greeted by Janae who has nothing more to say then "Checking in?". I let her know we were actually there to purchase a gift card and she asks if the person we're buying the card for has been there before. I tell her that I don't believe so...so she goes on to look them up and says nothing more than "nope". Afterwards, she quickly rambles off two prices/cards that are available for purchase. I'm not sure if that's all they offer but at this point, I was starting to get really irritated with her very apparent attitude and just hand her my card to ring us up for what I guess is the largest one they have at $75.Now as I mentioned, there's another employee sitting at a second computer. Maybe I'm asking too much but even if you aren't currently helping us, at least be friendly and smile when you look at me. But for whatever reason, after the girl runs my card, he grabs the receipt and a pen and slams it on the counter. I sign the receipt, she hands me the card and neither of them say a single word. I'm standing there wondering if that means we're done or if I'm supposed to get further instruction, but nothing. So, I ask her if that's it and they both just say "Yup" while continuing to type away at their computers. It's a bit hard me to express in words exactly how these two acted but all I know is I left that place actually pissed off. That never happens and I honestly just couldn't believe it. This was a clear cut definition of terrible customer service for me. No friendly hellos, goodbyes and all the interaction is between, or lack there-of was terrible. It felt as if I was an inconvenience to them and for me, that's not cool. What's done is done but I'll never step foot in this business again. Now I just have to hope that the person we bought the gift card for enjoys themselves and doesn't have to put up with crap service like that.
5	As a customer for several years, I have had the enjoyment and relaxation from this facility. Consistently the massage therapist are knowledgeable and show compassion and etiquette for my needs. Great price and very convenient to schedule. I will continue to use this location for my regular massages!
5	This was my first massage and it was truly amazing.  The staff was very pleasant,  except for the one young lady at the front desk with the rosary tattoo on her wrist. My masseuse,  Lori G, was awesome.  She made my first experience very pleasant. Thank you!
4	My husband and I had a long overdue couples massage.   Our therapists really delivered.  We took advantage of the new comers special and were happy.  I get the concept of the place with membership and all but I don't have the excess income to join.  There are always Groupon deals for massages and n any gave an actual spa to enjoy.   Since this is a wham bam thank you mam sort of establishment I will not likely be back.
4	Great location. .. walking distance from home, asked all the questions in regards of the contract so pretty clear unless you don't ask upfront few things could be misunderstood.  Friendly staff. Only thing you didn't know is that you can request your favorite relaxing music.  I sure will next time. .. piano play is for elevators! To my taste.
1	Walked in Monday was greeted with less then a welcoming feeling.Asked about the facial and wanted to get one but  they did not have the time I wanted til Thursday.So I booked it and then told I had to put a credit card on file to hold  the appointment.I did not feel comfortable doing that and I said can I call to see if you still have that spot open on Thursday? No the employee said I would have to walk in to get the appointment,I said no way I can't call?? No she says.Walked out and later found out the facial would have cost me 109.99 for a 60 min facial by a student that just graduated from esthetician school.I can get a 60 min facial from Aveda for less then 100.00 by a spa manager.(over 10 years experienced!) The prices are so over the top for what they offer and who gives them.I don't like the way you have to be a member to get the better price.Needless to say I will never get a service there because how the front desk acted and how Massage Envey operates.
5	I had Damian do my massage and he's great!! Totally destressed me from wedding planning! Very professional and highly recommended!
3	I have been a patron here for a year to treat an elbow injury. The massages have greatly helped it heal. All the masseuses here have been great and very attentive to what I ask for. The cons of this place....you never receive your full time. 5-10 minutes to get you in a room and talk even though all my info is on the chart, and they always stop 5-10 minutes early. So a 60 minute massage is really only 50. The front desk staff is not very welcoming. I cannot put my finger on it, but they are somewhat aloof. I also do not appreciate having to announce to them how much of a gratuity I want to add. I find this practice rude and borderline pressuring you to increase your tip.I will return because the massages have been helpful, but I hope the customer service and time management improves.
