3	I take my pup here every month or so to be groomed.  The ladies that work there are nice and good with the animals and the price is right.  The downside is that the staff can be a bit disorganized.
5	Not sure what the other reviewers mean by the staff seems disorganized. I have not had any problems. The 5 stars is for Laurelle, but I do like the fact that this is a cage free groomer. Each dog gets their own walled off space, where they can be close to the groomers.  I have taken my high-maintence, needy Golden to Laurelle since 2005. She has such a great manner in dealing with dogs that are nervous. She is gentle and caring and understands my dog's needs with separation anxiety when I drop her off. My dog has allergies and she lets me bring in my own shampoo. I referred friends to Laurelle and they love her work and some are still clients since 2006!I have never used the other ladies' services but they are all just wonderful. There is no doubt they all love dogs!As of January 2011, they no longer take debit or credit cards as the bank fees have gotten too high for this small business. Cash or check only.
5	The price is right!  The staff is attentive and caring.  Tina does an excellent job on our dogs and also has helpful tips with our dogs.  Mickey has been going here for several years and goes in looking like a pound puppy leaving looking like a show dog!  Minnie our newest addition has gone in a few times and each time she looks fantastic!  They even put a feather in her hair and she's gotten alot of compliments!Dogs should'n't be caged and the cubbies that they have--I feel make our dogs feel more comfortable when they are a little shaky from being left in a somewhat foreign environment.  A++++
5	I have been taking my german shepherd rescue to Lorelle at the Critter Corral for years now.  Being a rescue she can be quite skittish when she is around strange people or other dogs but Lorelle is amazing with her and does everything she can to make her comfortable.  Additionally, Kaya (my shepherd) always comes home shiny, clean and happy.  And the best part for me is no more shedding for another month! The other staff members are always very nice when I come in as well.   I highly recommend.
5	Tina, from Critter Corral Pet Grooming on North 32nd Street in Phoenix, groomed my scaredy cat Max.  This is a quiet shop (no barking or whining when I was there with beautifully groomed dogs that were so happy and darling), and the lovely groomers who work their own tails off.  Very professional.  Tina groomed Max so cute that he knew it and was strutting his stuff when we got home!  Excellent shop!
5	My friend recommended this place, she's been bringing her dog here for 2 years. I have had dogs for over 20 years but never actually needed a groomer until now. The place was already full when we arrived at 8am, such cute dogs & they all seemed happy...not scared or mistreated. There was a bunch of people working...not disorganized at all. Terri was who I was referred to, she's the owner too. She was great with my little Athena!! Treated her like she was her own. She just needed a trim by her eyes & her nails cut...but to me that was alot for a 1st visit, cuz she didn't know them yet. But im told she did well. She looks great! I didn't catch the other ladies name that worked there, but she was great with Athena also. They even put a cute pink bow in her hair....super cute!!Great people...great price...great quality of service! We will be going back & referring them as well. Thank You!!
5	We really like taking our dog here. The owner Terry is our groomer, and she does an excellent job taking care of our dog. When are dog gets there, she seems happy to walk in and take a seat. When we come back to pick her up, she looks relaxed, as well as a nice haircut. We have been going here for about over a year now, very pleased!
5	My pom puppy was in desperate need of a good grooming because his puppy fluff and adult hair had turning into quite the tangle. I called on a Saturday afternoon figuring they would be booked as the last 5 places I called were. Terri, the owner, said she could squeeze us in if we could make it in within an hour! We only live about 5 minutes away so we headed over. The minute we walked in the door I felt like we found the perfect place. I had only been to the petsmart grooming and the Critter Corral had a very at home feeling, with ladies who were really guniune dog lovers doing the grooming. Terri way very nice and actually a pom owner herself so I felt like my baby was in good hands. I wanted to keep his hair long but I wanted him to be comfortable in the summer so I was considering a short cut, which i deep down didn't want to do for fear of damaging his coat, and Terri suggested that a short cut probably wouldn't be the best idea if since I loved his long hair, we agreed on keeping him long, but trimming him where necessary. We dropped him off and ran a few errands and he was ready in about 3 hours. He looks so cute!! So soft! and he smells wonderful. Terri did the best job getting his really bad undercoat tangles out, which will make it so much easier for me to keep up with the at home brushing. He even had a cute little bandana on when we went home; which I left on for the day because he looked so dang cute in it! The price was also beyond reasonable! Highly recommend the ladies of the Critter Corral to your fur babies, we will 100% be back for all of our future groomings! Thank you, Terri!
5	I love this place and they were so great with my cat. I wanted her to be groomed like a lion and they did an awesome job. I will be a returning customer!
5	I am so happy to be able to take my big guy here to be groomed. He is 150 pounds of hot mess.(He is a Newfoundland) When I bring him in its because I haven't done what I should be doing on a daily basis like  brushing and he's all tangled up and he comes back looking amazing! Laurel is great with him and really makes sure to not stress him out and always goes above and beyond my expectations. I also like the fact that they don't throw him in a cage, the dogs get to be out in their stations and everyone is very friendly there. Money well spent. I am going to be moving soon out of the area and I still will be making a trip as needed to take him to her, I have a great trust in her work. Thanks!
5	I've taken my pup Itchi here twice now and each time he's come home so happy! The gals are all very down to earth and friendly. Tina is my go-to she's pretty much the raddest lady ever and she actually listens to what I want unlike most groomers. Itchi always looks stinkin adorable an the prices are beyond fair. All around great business!!!
