2	hang over food here folks. The thing with these Chinese/Thai places is that they really never excel at either. I'm not saying this is a bad place to eat but it's nothing to write home about. I've actually eaten here several times but it's usually because of convenience or the need to get as many carbs in my system as humanly possible and what I mean by that is that the portions are good sized, the prices are decent. The green curry is decent, don't bother with the Pad Thai, the noodles are too gummy and it's just not authentic for my tastes. They do a decent Generals Chicken.What I've noticed lately is that they kinda upped the place from a pretty casual place to white tablecloths and real silverware (they used to give you plastic sporks). Once I asked for extra napkins and she brought me ONE napkin, no joke.If you're in the neighborhood and in the mood, check it out, if not, don't drive across town for it.
2	It is what it is- not anything great but okay when you need food and I think there are very hit and miss with the menu.Got delivery-  The salt pepper pork chops were decent , strawberry chicken is kinda weird idea to begin with but could be done right- it was sweet sour sauce with sliced strawberries thrown in....not really good. Eggrolls- okay but slightly too oily, shouldve been patted out thoroughly so they'd be crunchier.2nd time to deliver- Was really sick and can barely get up to cook....Fried tofu- yuck. It's tofu pieces battered and was too lightly fried that the batter didn't crisp enough. Also why even batter it? Tofu fried gets crisp on its own. I thought it was a no fail dish but apparently a big fail.Tom yung goong- cleared up my sinus but not too spicy. It was good but not great. Needs more lemongrass perhaps and kefir leaf. Other than shrimp, it had bamboo shoots and regular sliced button mushrooms (not straw ones like in most Thai) and no cilantro in it. I guess it's hit and miss and the hits are just okay. NW just doesn't seem to have decent Chinese takeout- it's a growing area so fingers crossed for something tasty. Maybe eating in is better. For now, I think I will reserve my Chinese eating for when I am actually in Chinatown area.
1	Usually each mom and pop Chinese food restaurant has its own charm and unique "personality" of food, and I can usually appreciate the quality for what it is - Americanized Chinese food. I could not find something positive to comment on for Little Dumpling. The mint beef was way too salty. The beef was too chewy and tough. The appetizer eggroll was under cooked because the inside wrapper layer was still white. There was barely any filling inside, for there were only a few strands of veggies inside.  The egg flower soup tasted like canned chicken broth. Conclusion: I only went in there out of convenience and curiosity for a new lunch location and I came out disappointed.
2	Chicken satay was breaded, pad Thai had no scallions or bean sprouts & was yellow- I would not even bother tasting it.. Not even the normal pad thai noodles, these looked like vermicelli. The server tried telling me those were the noodles all Thai restaurants in Vegas used, not what I remember from when I lived there & not what is used in the rest of this country. Will never be returning here.
4	This plays DELIVERS which is is definitely a + in my book! My fiance really likes their hot and sour soup and I love the panang. We have also tried their fried rice and beef broccoli which was just okay. They are always very friendly and is it wrong to LOVE the fact that asian people are cooking my asian food? For the amount of food we get, it's definitely a great value.
2	I've been here a few times in the almost five years since I moved to the neighborhood. I wonder if they changed hands since my first visit? I ordered the chicken pad thai (around $9 after tax) tonight and it was really not that great. The noodles don't seem to be rice noodles. I am used to more peanuts and cilantro. There was kind of a funny smell in the restaurant, as though they smoke inside when no one is there. It is also somewhat run-down and could be cleaner.As another poster mentioned, no bean sprouts in the pad thai either. Disappointing experience.
1	This place was the worst of worst never have I tasted such gross food, found a hair in my food, vegetable rolls were just so nasty . We ended up throwing away 98. % of the food. This place needs closed down.
5	Wow, I am really surprised to see these reviews on here. Little Dumplings Food is EXCELLENT & DELIVERY WAS FAST!! I love this type of food and was looking for a place to deliver, China One was my regular- I wanted to try a different place and I found Littls Dumpling to Have some good, high quality food. This is my first large order from Little Dumpling, I had the order delivered, I ordred online, it was easy and helpful for a large order with specifications. They called once they received my order & verified some basic info-Excellent Friendly Service right off the bat! Delivery arrived in the quoted time, I thought the driver was curteous & proffesional and I was initialy impressed with the organization of the delivery. Each items was packaged neatly, Everything in the order was correct & the coupon deals are very generous! The Food was GREAT! My Top 3 from what I ordered was 1) House Fried Rice 2)Sweet & Sour Chicken & 3)Kung Pao Chicken- thats in no particular order! They where ALL Yummy! The Rice tasted like my favorite resturaunt Osaka- Fresh, Flavorful and filled with tons tasty goodies- Shrimp, Chicken & Pork! The Sweet & Sour was some of the BEST Sauce I had ever tasted and for delivery they kept the sauce seperate so as to not ruin the chicken. The Kung Pao was all white breast meat and tasted just DELISH! We also ordered Beef & Broccolli It was FABULOUS! I did not love the teriyaki chicken- I dont think that is one of their specialties, the teriyaki flavor was off- I would just pick another entree. I also loved their Potstickers- Full of meat & perfectly cooked, sauce on the side was soo tasty! I think that about covers it! Great Food & Great Service- My new Favorite Delivery Option (Non Pizza) WONDERFUL JOB to LITTLE DUMPLING!
4	Stopped by here with a couple friends for lunch. They had recommended it. It's in the neighborhood, but I had never been in. Great lunch specials and the service was friendly. I'll definitely return.
2	If you're lookin for a place that's smells like smoke and grease mixed together, than this is your mecca. I can't totally bash it here, the food is edible, but that's about where it stops. **On the upside**I'm usually unimpressed by the person at the front who either has facial paralysis and therefor can't smile (in which case, please forgive me), or just really doesn't seem to give a crap about well, anything, but yesterday I went in to grab some food for my boss (who is always complaining it's too salty but still chows down on their grub regularly) and the guy behind the counter was really friendly.  He asked me if I wanted water while I waited (+ numero uno) and then gave me regular updates on the food (+ number dos). He was the saving grace of this restaurant. Now if they could just jazz up their drunken noodle we'd be in business.
1	This might have been the worst Thai food I've ever eaten. I thought I'd be safe by ordering a salad and satay chicken delivery. I literally took one bite of chicken spit it out and threw the whole thing away. I would not recommend the Thai - haven't tried the Chinese dishes definitely won't
4	Friendly phone service.  On time pick up. Food was better than many fast food Chinese places, but similar in many ways.  Convenient location so I will return.
2	This was my forth or fifth time eating here and tonight was not a good night and I will not be eating here anymore. The BBQ pork was over cooked and hard to chew. I had to throw it away. The house rice had huge chunks of chicken and 5 pieces of shrimp and that was all that was in the house fried rice. It was good before this and I thought I had a place to go to eat chinese food close to my house, but I was wrong. It is hard to find good chinese food here in Las Vegas.
5	Lemon chicken, I just can't get enough. A+ Service and the food is always made fresh. Very clean restaurant. Prices are very affordable. The only downside to this restaurant is it is located next to a hookah smoke shop so the smell comes in when people hold the door open :( other than that this Little Dumpling location is the spot!!
4	For a low price you get a lot of food, specially if you buy off the luncheon menu.  I haven't been disappointed once since I started eating here.  The meals are affordable and I believe the service is very good.  I've always been greeted with a smile and was given hot tea during my wait on a cold day when I asked for my order TO GO!
3	Just a little hole in the wall located in a strip mall.  We've been coming here for some time now and always walk away satisfied and stuffed!First off the lunch specials are enough to make you want to at least try it once-the food will make you come back for more.  $5.95 lunch specials to include soup, egg roll, rice and the crunchy noodles that you dip in sweet and sour-all to include your main dish with any type of meat you want and any level of spice you can customize.  The portions are gigantic-always.  I never can eat everything and usually take half of it to go.  The Chicken Pad Thai is what I usually order and I am never disappointed.  I order it a spicy 8 (from a 1 - 10 level).  It rarely is spicy enough for me (I can hear my BF now....blah blah blah) but I'm afraid that one day it will be really a spicy 8. LOLSaturday was an odd day.  They usually have this cute teenager girl working the cashier and tables.  The cook, who I assume is the owner?, was doing it all as I believed him to be the only one there.  I must say that the guy handled it pretty well considering he had several tables occupied yet he still made time to check on them occasionally.  Gotta love a man who can multi-task!  I ordered the Mongolian Chicken. I was in the mood for rice versus noodles this time.  The dish came with the rice on the side with the Mongolian chicken, onion and green onion.  While the chicken was very tasty, dang there were a lot of onions!  Like I said the portions they give you are so big so it didn't matter to me too much.  I just didn't eat most of the onions.  I didn't eat the eggroll that it came with.  It looked greasy and I rarely will eat them just because of that.  The BF ordered the Mongolian Beef.  That's what he always orders and it is always consistently yummy.I always notice people picking up to go orders and there are always people seated as well.  They have a TV going that is muted BUT there is music that's playing that makes me want to actually rip my hair out.  For real.  Something about Celine Dion versus Thai food doesn't mesh well with me. heheAnyways....Good food.  Big portions.  Cheap eats.  Can't go wrong there!
4	I got the pineapple fried rice, salt and pepper shrimp and Hong Kong pan fried noodles.  They were all pretty good and they even threw in a bbq pork fried rice for free.  It's your standard American-Chinese food  but compared to the others I have had in Vegas, it is quite a bit better.  I would definitely eat here again.
4	When it comes to fresh quality Thai food, this hole in the wall restaurant definitely makes the cut.To start off, walking in the first thing I noticed was how tiny it was. There's enough space to seat 22 people. Doesn't pose a negative affect on the experience, but to some people during busy times it can feel a little crowded. The decor isn't all that appealing but again, this isn't some mainstream restaurant. While I waited to order drinks, I read some other reviews and most people complained about a cigarette-like smell; have never had that experience in all my times there. The staff is very friendly and after going in a couple times they have gotten to know me and greet with a cheerful smile and "Welcome back!"My first visit I decided to try the red curry with shrimp. I am a huge fan of red curry so I was ready to put theirs to the test and I can tell you they definitely exceeded the expectations I had for a tiny place like this. Most places are somewhat stingy when it comes to picking a meat other than chicken and they loaded it with plenty of shrimp. I also really enjoy chicken pad thai and after experiencing these two dishes I was in love with this place. Their pad thai noodles didn't have that "just microwaved" shiny look some other places have and feature a perfect blend of peanut taste. Grand China is an absolute disaster compared to this place. The other day I tried out their lunch special for the first time and for $5.95 the portions are extremely generous. They are about as big as if you went in for dinner, plus you get the choice of egg drop soup or sweet and sour soup along with an egg roll. This time I went with the orange chicken and it was awesome. The chicken wasn't too crispy or too soft and the flavor was on point. I have been craving it ever since. If you enjoy boba tea this is a good place to get some as well.All in all, this place is a must try. The prices are cheap, the portions are big and the flavor and quality is above the rest in this price range. They deliver too so that's a huge plus. Try it out, you won't be disappointed!!
3	I was going to give this place two stars but I had to increase my rating to three stars. I gave this place a three star rating because they deliver and their quick. I was desperate for Thai and called at least 9 other places for delivery. Just my luck, none of them delivered to my area. Unfortunately, the restaurants I called prior to calling Little Dumpling are all the four star rated ones. Once I got my first "yes, I deliver to your home." I decided to give Little Dumplings a shot. They told me the delivery would take 40 minutes the delivery guy came ringing my door bell in 30. I ordered yellow thai curry, boba tea, and the dumplings. First I had the yellow thai curry. It was savory and just the right kind of spicy. I didn't tear up or have major difficulties eating this dish. I personally don't like that kind of spicy. At the same time I wasn't left wondering why my dish wasn't hot enough. If I could change one thing it would be the packaging. The sauce was dripping out of the box that they packed it in. They put the curry and the rice in one Styrofoam box. It would've been better if they put the curry in the same type of container that they put their soup in. Next I had the boba tea. I had it for the first time and only ordered it because of a review I read on here. It isn't really my preferred taste but it wasn't disgusting. They gave me a large boba tea instead of small one for the same price. So finally let's move on to the dumplings. I saved the worst for last. Honestly, the dumplings sucked. Ironically this place is called Little Dumpling so I would only imagine their dumplings being their best dish. Wrong, they had a burnt taste to them and I gagged after eating it. I don't really have anything else to say about the dumplings cause I took a bite out of one and contemplated throwing them all out. I may have gotten a bad batch. It may be cause my stomach is sensitive right now. So I wouldn't call this a deal breakerAll in all, I am a fan of the customer service, delivery time, price, and the yellow curry. The dumplings surely do need work though. I will give this place another shot in the future. Little Dumpling is definitely worth a try if you're looking to get a quick bite... just stay away from the dumplings or order them at your own risk.
5	Eaten here twice now, both times very satisfied. The food is fresh and well prepared, had a few different things on the menu but the panag curry and the broccoli beef are definitely my favorites. Delicious egg rolls and pot stickers as well as the chicken satay.
4	We have ordered three times for takeout from Little Dumpling. The food is always very tasty and the portions are large. We always have hot and sour soup, sesame chicken and vegetable fried rice. We are always satisfied with the food. They have an online order system that is convenient also. A nice local Asian restaurant. We will defiantly be back when we crave Asian food!
4	We always get their lunch specials which always come with sooo much! Really like  their panang curry. We always come back for it! Lemon & sesame chicken are pretty good as well. Their pad se ew was "okay". It was kind of dry.
1	Ordered take out on Saturday and sheesh, why did I not look at the reviews? I suppose because it is very close to my house, I ignored the warnings and had to see for myself. I ordered salt and pepper pork chops that were absolutely rancid... disgusting smelly and looked like they had decayed. The fried rice I ordered was mushy, like it had been previously made and stored then scooped out. Honey glazed walnut shrimp were floating in waht looked like milk, the breading all soggy and flavorless. After one bite of the pork chops they were thrown away, I'm pretty sure I could have gotten sick from those. Stay away! Save yourself!
4	The egg drop soap and orange chicken is great!! It seems the decor could be updated especially the bathroom. Definitely would go back!!
5	The all Asian food here is fantastic. Combo Chinese and Thai Restaurant...great tasting and flavorful...not to spicy...Boba drinks in different fruits flavoring...A must place to dine....
1	Been going here for over a year, and I've always come back for the great Chinese and Thai food. However I ordered (delivery, which took about an hour) an order of Fried Wontons (which were hard and cold), Thai iced tea (that was warm with a little ice in it,) and Pan Fried Noodles. I didn't have a problem with the noodles until I started eating and as I was thinking how tender the beef was I found a METAL STAPLE looking thing IN THE MEAT. It hurt my tooth even. Will never order here again sadly. : /
1	First time I ever had dayglo orange pad thai! It was just wrong! The won tons in my won ton soup were like leather. This was a first and last experience for me and sad as the staff was friendly :(
4	This place has good food. The delivery can sometimes get a little slow but that may just be them being busy. While we live closer to the grand china on Durango, we'll go out of our way to get food from little dumpling.  If you are a person that never adds salt to your food, this place will be right on the edge of being too salty, but overall, the food is very good.
4	Delicious pad-tai. Crispy and not chewy sesame chicken. If you are planning on dining in you better not have a large party because the place is as big as a 1 bedroom apartment. SUPER TINY. More expensive than China a Go Go. The price and small dining area is why I didn't rate 5 stars. This place is routinely confused with the Little Dumpling on Decatur...beware.
3	This is a curious restaurant that serves both Chinese and Thai Cuisine. I ordered Yellow Curry with rice. They gave me ample serving as I could only finish half and took the remainder home. The food was good but not excellent. The comments about the wait staff appear to be valid. When I entered the restaurant there was only one table with patrons. After a significant delay the waitress eventually showed up at my table for a drink order and to deliver the menu. The waitress then disappeared and after about 10 minutes some guy in a ball cap came out and took my entre order. The waitress reappeared later to deliver my entre and offer a drink refill. If you are looking for something to fill you up this might be the place for you. As I mention earlier the food is good but not great.
5	I haven't had fried rice this good in over a decade. The service was average but the food was outstanding. A smaller sized restaurant but very clean and welcoming. We had mango boba, sesame chicken, chicken fried rice, and Singapore noodles. We ordered the small plate size and took home half of our order for later...enough for two plus leftovers. I will definitely be back. Take out is available too.
2	Bad service. They know its a 30 minute wait but they tell everyone 15 minutes. Wont be back.
3	We have never eaten in the actual restaurant but typically order take out from here. I like the option to choose from either Chinese or Thai items. I love their Panang. The portions are a good size. I find it strange that they only serve a very small container of steamed rice with the entrees. Seems a bit cheap to me since most other restaurants give you a big serving with an entree. The food tastes fresh so we come back.
4	First off. The portions....huge! I ordered the canton dinner for two with mongolian beef and cashew chicken. The bag was so heavy i couldn`t believe it. I wasn't expecting first class and nobody should as this place is just the typical takeout chinese place. Food came hot and delivered in about 50 minutes.Overall I would order from here again. Food is decent and portions are a good bang for the buck.
