5	The nicest bead store in Vegas. Quality products. Layout of store is great too....I am not stuck in rows and rows of high walled rows.
1	I used to live within walking distance.  I'd jog past it on the way to the gym, starbucks, whathaveyou and finally one day went in.  I was hesitant about it since it's not in a normal "costume/bead store/specialty craft" location, but in Summerlin, which has pros and cons as I discovered.  So that said:First off, they earned a SINGLE star from me  based on the fact that the place is very clean, well organized, brightly lit, nice selection, etc.They are, however, remaining at that single star for a complete lack of customer service nor a friendly attitude.  During the six visits I've had to Bead Haven, with the exception of my first visit almost four years ago (where I received excellent service from an older woman who was very friendly), the business had gone downhill tremendously after that initial trip.  I've gotten everything from suspicious looks to the guy/girl asking me every three minutes if I need help to receiving completely different treatment than the older, "red hat society" shoppers from Summerlin, who stroll in to make bracelets for fun greeted with smiles.  I've -never- seen a single smile shine my way.  But hey, guess what.  I'm self aware - Granted, I'm always dressed in my jeans/Tshirt/skater kind of look.  I'm not your average client in there.  However, regardless of what I'm dressed like, I shouldn't be treated with suspicion and a surly attitude.  Money is money, and I wanted to spend it.  Credit card minimum?  SERIOUSLY?  What irritated me the most was when I asked if they gave any discounts to those who work in the industry or in shows on the strip or anything, (like other bead places do such as NYC or LA or even bead stores downtown!) and they looked at me like I was from Mars with a very flat, "No, we don't."  Frankly, I can order online from Hong Kong where shipping takes a week, Swarovski costs a fraction of here, there's no overhead, and the person online will give me very good customer service.  I would much rather give my money to someone locally and support the economy, especially of a mom and pop place.  But unless that business lets me know that it wants my money by being so outstanding in personality, I can't bring myself to pay six or eight times the amount of money.  Because this place is expensive as heck and completely undeserving of my time.
1	I do like supporting small local businesses but I will never go back to this store.  I agree with Jez R  their customer service is really bad. I came here to get some basic crimping beads to make necklaces and bracelets for Christmas. I wanted them a silver color when nobody offered their assistance my husband asked them if they had any. They said  "No if it's not there than we don't have it". There was no offer of other alternatives or help of any kind. Here is what I would suggest for a better customer experience: 1. Smile it doesn't hurt and it's free. 2. Don't discuss business on the phone in front of customers especially if it has to do with money matters . That's just tacky. 3. If you don't have something offer alternatives. 4. When someone leaves don't press your face to the window and peer after them because that is just plain creepy. Yes we did leave. No we didn't take anything. We just opted to go to Michaels where I found what I needed at a much lower price. The help is friendlier and they smile too!
1	A disgrace to small business owners! I am aware of how hard it is to compete with big box stores as a small business owner. So, I make every effort to "shop local". -As the campaign says to. I want to support my neighbors that are fighting the good fight against the man, or Sam (WalMart). HOWEVER, when you are treated badly, over charged and/or ignored in a locally owned business, it makes it very difficult to accept the few extra dollars you will be spending for your goods or services. This store is one of the biggest disappointments of the West side. Bead Haven in on Lake Mead just West of Buffalo on the North side of the street, which is roughly 3 miles from my house. I have shopped there between 6-8 times in last couple of years. I usually head there if I have a special project I want an eye catching piece for and thusly can justify the extra cost, or when I get my oil changed just down the street. I wish I were exaggerating when I say that EVERY time I have been in there, I have been treated poorly. Each time I have shopped, the woman that owns the store, with her sister, has rolled her eyes, sighed when spoken to & taken a sour tone with me. The last 2 visits were the worst. In mid to late March I was in and spent my usual $40 or so in beads, and as the woman was bagging my purchase, one of the beads dropped, broke in half & she charged me for it anyway...$4! -For the broken bead! Last week I found myself in there again, due to my oil change, and was wandering around. Asked a couple of questions about the pricing on some of the chains I was planning to purchase, and got the usual rude responses; when an older lady, she had recognized as a long time customer there requested some beads to string her eyeglasses on. She flatly told the woman she "couldn't pay her enough to string beads for her". The woman said it had been done for her before & seemed disappointed. As she shopped closer to where I was standing, I offered to string the beads for her, if she bought the beads. This is when the shop owner flew off the handle. She accused me of trying to solicit business while I was in HER shop & that I was never to return to her store. I was shocked, and calmly explained I was simply offering to do this as a favor to a neighbor & that I had asked the woman to purchase the beads from her store & was never going to charge to do this. To which she replied: who does that? I don't believe you! -All of which she shouted from across the store. So I left, never to return again. I am disgusted that the owner of a local business feels she can treat her customers in such a way.
4	best beads..  they are a bit snotty.. but fab collection and educated staff.  i have ventured to a few of the others like sweet beads,..and bead shack.. joke is all i can come up with. discount beads is also great and incredib ly helpful and friendly.  but the selection at bead haven is on point.
5	One of the best selections of specialty beads in town.
5	By far the best bead store I've been to...I have always received friendly service and help with whatever I'm working on. Their prices are better than other, less "upscale"stores too. Well organized and huge selection. Only place I've found with a great selection of leather sold by the foot. I visit about once a week and have always left happy.  They carry many items I used to order online and things I didn't even know I wanted! Love love love this store!!
5	I loved bead haven the owner was great the classes were informative and helped me learn how to bead now this place is no longer here very disappointed.
5	Bead Haven has the best classes in Las Vegas and they are FREE! just purchase your supplies for the class from bead haven and you are on your way to making something fabulous, I know, I am one of their students.claire mcgraw
