5	I had a bbq this past weekend and got some stuff from Los Compadres. You've gotta love winter weather in Vegas. 60 degrees in January  = perfect time for a bbq. My friend was actually the one who picked up the meat so I can't comment about the store, location, or service. But, since I cooked everything I can give my two cents about the food. We got some carne asada, pounded thin (less than a quarter inch thick) and already marinated. We also got some chicken (I have no idea what the chicken equivalent of carne asada is called), also tenderized so it was very thin and pre-marinated. This was the first time I bbq'd with anything pre-seasoned or pre-marinated and it saved me time. All I had to do was throw it on the grill for a few minutes per side and it was ready to be diced up. The quality of the meat and poultry looked pretty good and the flavor was amazing. Definitely some of the top carne asada I've had in a while and it was a hit with everyone else. We have a ton of leftovers also, so I've been eating tacos for every meal the past few days. The price of the beef was roughly $5 a pound and the chicken was about $3 a pound, I believe. So, the moral of the story? If you're having a bbq hit up Los Compadres for some amazing meat. They've got 3 or 4 locations around town.
4	If you love Mexican food... REAL Mexican food, and you don't want to go out to eat every night, you need to start shopping at a carniceria. Carneceria means 'meat market' in Spanish, or so I so I am told. Most carnicerias I have been in over my lifetime are more like a small grocery store... Los Compadres #3 is, in my opinion, the best in town... I have only gotten the pre-marinaded chicken and steak (carne asada) here. They pound the meat thin and use a very tasty, not too spicy marinade so all you have to do is slap the meat on a preheated grill for a few minutes on each side. In the back of the store there is a service counter where you can buy premade food. Yummy taquitos and excellent rice. Great pico de gallo, and the guacamole is very tasty.
4	Los Compadres rocks.  It's nice to have a good mercado on this side of town.The carniceria (meat market) is well-stocked and has a wide variety.  Carnitas, carne asada, pork ribs...they're all here!I like the fresh sweet bread.  And, I especially like the tamales.  Sometimes you just have to have a tamale.  Especially around the holidays.  It's a Latin thing.Enjoy!
5	I had been craving carne asada for days and my husband politely reminded me we hadn't tried Los Compadres yet. We normally buy our carne asada from Sunflower Market and enjoy the spices they use there. Lately though my husband mentioned how the meat has been tougher than he likes. Thus, off to LC we went. I was pleasantly surprised on entering. A clean, well organized facility was what greeted us. They had an ample produce section with great deals (I mean GREAT) on seasonal produce. We selected a watermelon, tomatoes, avocados and lettuce and was happy with everything. My fascination had only begun! Their meat counter is huge, featuring nearly anything I could think of. Nicely displayed and served by friendly, efficient staff. We settled on the carne asada and were instantly impressed. Tender, flavorful, and pounded thin, this is the stuff we'll be buying from now on!
1	I love this place...and have been going for a few months now. Now I would say LOVED. Past tense. I usually stock up on chicken breasts as they are reasonably priced and are actually the whole breast and not the halves. However the last time I have been, they ran out of breasts in the front and so had to get me some from the back. I am assuming the ones I got were not cleaned properly yet but the butcher just didn't care. The ones I got had a weird greenish blue powdery slimey stuff on the outside, and the fat was weird colors. It looks like it hadn't been washed..and been rolled in...I don't want to guess. I also got Carne de puerco al pastor. I have bought this at other markets and never found random giant veins and weird body parts in mine. Its kinda gross to have to sort raw meat before you cook it. Either way, that was the last time I went there for my monthly meat stock up. Gross. I'm sad because I love giving small markets like this my business...but no thanks.
4	I really like this place. Great selection of meats and Latin products with quite a nice produce section as well. I got a tad upset when one of the butchers didn't speak English but when the other one noticed he took over and was pretty helpful. All in all a nice little market.
