3	This is located near the West Tower entrance, towards the pool and near the 2nd Starbucks.If you stay at the Luxor, you get a coupon book.  In the book there's a coupon for a "Buy one get one half off".  Just FYI.My friend and I wanted to get a large smoothie, but split it.  I asked for another cup but the worker said they can't give an extra cup.  Huh?  Weird policy.  Also, they don't accept M Life cards for payment and also don't give you M Life points.  Weird since it's IN an M Life hotel/casino.This place is a straight up Yogurtland type place with added smoothies and crepes.  Not bad deals for being in Vegas and in a "semi-major" hotel/casino.
3	Great frozen yogurt but the crepes aren't as good as they look.. The fruit could have been fresher and the crepe itself was kind of bland.
4	I missed my flight for a crepe here (MGM Location) that I saw on instagram. No way I was leaving without it either. I had the New Yorker - cream cheese, raspberry drizzle and strawberries and then I added nutella. It was sweet as ever and possibly the best crepe I've had ever in life. It truly was delicious and worth it. It didn't end there though, because I also had a savory crepe for breakfast. It has crisp bacon bits, eggs, and sausage in it and we consumed it like it was a sandwich. Phenomenal !
3	Located in the back of Luxor this place is open late to satisfy your sweet tooth.  If you stay at Luxor you will receive a 20% off coupon, make sure you use it!  Bliss offers shakes, smoothies, sundaes, etc with a variety of different toppings and flavors.At $5 a milkshake plus 20% off your check coupon this place is as cheap as it gets in Vegas.Our shakes were light, creamy and tasty, nothing special but well worth the price.
4	I was happy with my crepe and fruit cup. My crepe was made with fresh fruit to include berries, bananas, Nutella, whipped creme and a raspberry syrup. I was uber satisfied and a happy camper!
3	I wouldn't go out of my way to come here but since we stayed at Luxor, it was really convenient. We ate here twice for breakfast because they have decent crepes. You can either order waffles or crepes. Their frozen yogurt had a good selection. If you stay at the Luxor, the booklet they give you will have a 20% off coupon to Blizz.
1	Horribly slow service! My cousin waited was next in line but waited 10 minutes to put her order in where they then over charged her for oatmeal (the menu clearly states that fruit is included in the price but was charged extra for it even after she questioned the price) and then we waited an additional 10 minutes for it to arrive! The tables were ALL dirty and I had to clean it myself. AND THEN this over-priced oatmeal we spent nearly 1/2 and hour waiting for WASNT EVEN FULLY COOKED  There over half of it was dry oatmeal. What a horrible way to spend part of our vacation
1	This place is horrible. Two people were working and the manager was in back. Ordered three things: Tart flavored , cheesecake flavor and a water.  The tart tasted like sour cream and after waiting for 5 minutes, I had to ask for my water again. We asked the manager for a refund for the horrible tart flavor and because the previous person never gave us a receipt, he said we would have to wait a long time so he can search the system for our order. Horrible service.. Unfriendly staff and not so good food.
2	How long does it take to make a smothie I wonder? Apparently a long time... how many times can you forget to add the protein boost? At least twice I found out and for two customers in a row... And don't even get me started on the crepe. The end result was good but was it worth the stress and patience and back and forth with the 4-5 employees running around but accomplishing almost nothig? Not sure...
1	Blizz Frozen Yogurt is a disaster. We woke up early in the morning, and finally made it here, to find a small line. When it was my turn to order, the person the register, was very rude, and did not let me order what I wanted. On top of that, I had to shell out $13 just to get a crepe. We sat down, and waited 1/2 hour just to be told, "oh, your next."Don't come to this awful place, save some money and go anywhere else.
3	A-Ok! Whenever I am in Vegas. I feel like I am always eating the worst foods. My friends stayed at the MGM. This was one of the smoothie shops that did have alcohol. Hooray? Yes Hooray lets protect our immune systems now! I got one everyday for breakfast without any added sugar. It is not the best smoothie, I ever had but somewhat close to the fructose-y shop that rhymes with Mamba Muice. The price isn't so pretty though. Around ~10 bucks for a big cup. The line goes by fast, but it takes a bit for the staff to prepare. They also have froyo for you froyo lovers.
