3	The correct address is 501 S College St.  The center facility is fine, nice big, brightly lit interiors. But only three stars because the bathrooms in the center are very unclean, smell bad and generally look like they're cleaned once a year.  I don't care how many people have to use them in one day, you should schedule enough cleanings for every single bathroom to keep up with appearances and odors.  That's what we're paying for.It's probably because I was at the Westin half the day that I still had a good experience but if I'd spent all day only using the Convention Center I definitely would have left with a much less pleasant experience.
3	Ultimately, this is a convention center just like any other convention center.  Big open space for exhibit halls?  Check.  Bathrooms?  Check.  Insanely overpriced food court and vending machines?  Check.  They cover the basics pretty well.However, the place appears to have been designed by special needs students of M.C. Escher.  A frigging train goes through the middle of the building.  First floor rooms are labeled 2.  Sometimes to get to rooms on the second floor (3), you need to go down to the first floor and go back up again.  It's a nightmare, and not a sexy nightmare either.  Hard to find your way around sober, impossible to do it drunk.
3	Need an absolutely giant event venue? Look to the Convention Center. While this space doesn't exactly have a ton of personality, the spaces are huge and the staff are incredibly helpful when it comes to catering to guests or simply showing folks around. And don't be surprised that everything is super duper squeaky clean. It's worth noting that the space feels a bit cold and even institutional at times.The food I've had here is tasty albeit expensive. It's typical banquet eats with an elevated taste profile. Charlotte needed a convention center of this magnitude, so I'm certainly glad it's available. I do wish I saw more creative, local events held here, but I'm sure the space and size make those cost prohibitive.
3	This place is great to host any big event.  I worked the Charlotte Motorcycle Show this weekend and everything was very organized the staff at the Convention Center is friendly and there is plenty of places to park near by.  Vending machines, Starbucks, Bojangles and a few other place to grab some munchies.  I really enjoyed the traveling bands that were playing all weekend on my breaks.  Looking for a space for a more upscale event the Convention Center can host that as well ask them about the Grand Ballroom!
4	Man, Oh Man I forgot how huge the Charlotte Convention Center is!This past weekend I had the pleasure of spending nearly every waking moment of my day inside the Convention Center. Upon my arrival the convention center was playing host to 3 major event; the National Convention for NACA  and 300+ universities nationwide, an International Motorcycle show  in addition to the CIAA basketball tourney meetings/conferences. The convention center is so large that the only time I interacted with persons from these other events was in passing or riding one of the numerous escalators. Inside the conference rooms, meeting halls and exhibit spaces the Convention center staff did a phenomenal job creating an environment that logically flowed from one space to the next, and stationed themselves along the hallways and across all levels of the convention center to ensure that no was were to get lost. And if lost, all one had to do was simply ask a staff for a little guidance and would be immediately assisted  with superior customer service.I digress, let's get back to the sheer size of this place. According to the Convention Center website there is  280,000 sq. ft. of exhibit space, 850,000 sq. ft. of state-of-the-art features and award winning amenities, More than 90,000 sq. ft.of flexible meeting space, 35,000 sq. ft. Convention Center Ballroom, 40,000 sq. ft. Crown Ballroom and a Full service in-house catering. I'm sorry but that is ALOT going on under one roof. Imagine what you could do with all of that space, amenities, and friendly staff! The possibilities are truly endless. With all that being said if you need a GIGANTIC space for any known reason under the sun, pick the Charlotte Convention Center! You'll thank yourself later  ;) P.S. If you get hungry for a little snack the convention center is also home to an inhouse Bojangles', Buon Cibo, and Einstein Bros. Bagels.
2	I travel to quite a few conventions, have been here twice.  It is big.  Very big.  Too big, almost.It is so easy to get lost in this HUGE multi-level place.  The signage and directions for conventions I have attended have been poor.  I've spent a lot of time wandering around trying to figure out which halls, etc.  There is a nice selection of different little restaurant places inside but - Skip Them!  The best thing about this place is its location on College Street.  There are so many exceptional restaurants within just a few blocks.  And, downtown Charlotte is lovely!  So many fountains, open areas, gardens to visit.My other BIG complaint about this place....charging too much for Wi-Fi packages.  Look, stop being cheap.  Business and trade groups are already paying you huge $$$ for the place and services.  Throw in wireless.  Why is this such a hassel?  Because in many places, something about the building seems to really disrupt wireless data signals to your 3G/4G phone.  So, if you're planning on tethering with you cell phone to get wireless, you have to be up in the open common areas to keep from being dropped.  Lame.  Don't even try to get it in the big exhibition hall.
3	Like any large city, a solid convention center is a must. This convention center is large and able to accommodate multiple events at one time. I've been here a few times and each time I've found it to be a bit of a labyrinth. There are multiple layers and wings, but thankfully I eventually found the room I was looking for. They even have a rather large food court. I'm thinking back to other convention centers and I don't remember a food court in them. Besides getting food on site, there are numerous restaurants in the nearby vicinity as long as you don't mind a short walk. Their catering service is top notch! The food is really good and they provide well executed service. Glad to see the Queen City has a nice center for events!
3	What can you really say about a convention center - I have been to a few now - so I think it's fair to say that this is one of the cleanest, friendliest, easiest to get around places I have been. Although it is quite big, they have tons of signage and people directing you on where to go. Oh and I love that they have somewhat decent places to grab food. There are not a lot of places offered - but the food quality is better than most.
3	The Convention Center is nestled right in the heart of Uptown.Parking is a little sketchy, and at time costly but for major events I'd say it is totally worth it. The venue itself is huge! And it offers a nice space for major events. While I was only able to see one portion of what the space has to offer, I was really impressed with the size. There was nothing else really major to boast from inside the venue. I didn't see anything that "wow"ed me. But just based on it's size it looks like a great addition to Charlotte.
3	Was here recently for the HRC NC Gala Dinner and I must say I was impressed.  Large, expansive space really allows for large groups without the feeling of being overly crowded.  With several rooms to chose from there seems to always be something going on here.  The lighting in our room was fantastic and the ceilings were probably 30+ feet giving it an arena type feel.  New finishes and updated decor really help with this otherwise older building.There are other larger breakout areas where you can sometimes find auto shows or similar.
4	I attended the 2013 AAHPERD National Convention.  A very good venue, with a food court.  I liked it a lot.
3	Not bad, not great.  The Charlotte Convention Center could fit a couple other convention centers within itself.  It's not Atlanta big...but it's big.The staff here was helpful and accomodating.  The amenities are often over-priced and lackluster...but at least you'll have them.  There's a food court inside to grab a quick bite.  This is great, since some presenters and attendees have a short supply of time.If you're not pressed for time, the best part of the CCC, is its location in Uptown.  So many great places to eat, and so many great things to do and see.
3	Large enough for any event. I should have wandered around more to learn all the exit/ entry points so I can have better ideas where to park.  It can be a hassle finding a spot, walking to the front entrance, and walking further to your meeting room.There's a few food options that are pricier than normal (Bojangles), but we opted to go outside and support the restaurants and sandwich shops on The Green right across the street.
2	The Convention Center needs better souvenir store/vendor. Everything looked old and used. Not a lot of souvenirs to pick. Poor souvenir  store. Need major improvement.
4	I had my first experience at the Charlotte Convention Center just a few weeks ago. And I gotta say it was a solid 4 star time. The convention center is generally easy to get to, is located in downtown, close to many restaurants and hotels, and has a good deal of parking both underground and in surrounding lots. The layout is easy to navigate and everything is clean and up to date. However, the 4th star came from the staff. Most everyone I walked by made an effort to greet me and say hello, good morning etc.Great Job Yall!
4	We just had fifty high school students interview here and it was a great location.  Kind of a ghost town because it's so large, but the space was really nice.  Our event coordinator was a bit worried because there were several different people involved (e.g., space, food, parking, etc.) but everything went smoothly and we'll likely host the interviews there again.  In the past we were at the Westin but this place was half the price!  The wifi was definitely spotty but it was free so that was a plus.  They had several places to grab some food like Einstein bagels and Bojangles.  We had their catering and it was fantastic.  Has anyone ever said that about convention center catering?  There were a variety of salads, sandwiches, acorn & carrot soup, key lime pie and chocolate mousse.  Overall, we had a really positive experience and we'll be back!
