1	My 666th review:  It seems appropriate to place a negative review here.  They get +1 star for having a water dispenser @ 15 cents/gal. on the outside wall.   Minus the rest for having one whole lane blocked with a  car because both pumps were out of order.  Problem was it looked like a car waiting for gas so I sat there behind it for several minutes till I realized no one was in it, nor coming or going to it.  There was no sign posted letting people know.  All other pumps were busy.  Then I went to fill my van but they didn't take credit cards (most of the Circle K stations do) and you had to go inside for the ATM.  At that point I hung up the nozzle and decided to take my business elsewhere.I ended up at my favorite ARCO station where I paid $2.63/gal instead of the  $2.69 price here.
1	I went to Jiffy Mart at 804 N Country Club in Mesa, AZ on June 29, 2011. I didn't have breakfast so I stopped to buy something to hold me over until lunch. I bought a box of Little Debbie Chocolate Iced Honey Buns for 99 cents. They looked pretty yummy in the photo on the box. When I opened them up (individually wrapped / 9 per box), the pastry looked very dry. At first, I assumed that it wasn't a very good product even at 99 cents per box. After eating three pastries, I saw something on the box that may have affected the taste. The pastry should have been pulled off the shelf days earlier based on the date on the box. How many days earlier? Twenty-five days earlier. It was supposed to be removed from the shelf on June 4, 2011. I would guess that there are MANY products that are sold past their pull date. No matter what food item you buy here, check the date on the item. Pastries, candy bars, gum, REFRIGERATED items (burritos, milk, etc.), and any other product that has an expiration date. One final note: the guy/owner behind the counter is not very friendly. I didn't feel like a valued customer. I felt like an annoyance that should leave the store as soon as possible. Also, the car that MaryLou sat behind was likely the owner's vehicle. I can see how someone would think it was someone stopping for gas. Perhaps a red cone at the front and back of the car would be helpful for future customers who will also be waiting for the car to leave the gas station.
4	My experience at this store has been over at least six years. The gas is usually the lowest price and just as good as any other place offering gas. It does not look like a big store from the outside.Inside is obviously large, clean and well stocked. They do a continuous flow of business. I have always been nicely treatedand sometimes with a touch of appreciated humor.it is a very good neighborhood  convenience store.As to a person speaking of out of date items you will infrequently find this many places. I have gotten bad candy bars at Dobsen Walmart a few times.
