2	So in search of a cheap, fast nail salon before shopping me and my sister headed route down Charleston. We were pretty sure we could find a place that met all our needs and indeed we did. Nail Fetish provided us with a 3 star pedicure for a 2 star price. The staff was friendly but did not engage in conversation with us very often and they seemed to be obsessed with calluses. SERIOUSLY. I mean, I was getting polish on and my lady would "feel" something and bust out her tools and start scrubbing again. Yeah, so now I have the feet bottoms of a young calve who never has walked before - probably being prepared for veal. Just that smooth peeps!So all in all a ok place to go. Pedicure was only $20 and the did a decent job. I did not get a leg and foot massage but my sister did so I guess that counts for both of us? hahaha.  However, I probably won't drive across town just to go here. It will forever be like one of those first dates that you kinda feel bad for the guy but you know your never picking up his call again...yeah, just like that.
2	They were okay service-wise but they are not sanitary.  Yuck! I don't think they sanitized their tools and if they did it would be an alcohol rinse.  Its too iffy and in retrospect I will not go back.  This is an unwanted nail infection waiting to happen.
5	The manicure lasted for a solid month.  Wow!
4	This nail salon is pretty good! I got a pedicure done, and they fixed my problem right away for me. The man who did my pedicure got rid of my calluses and I was so happy about that. Service was good, chairs are very comfortable, and extra warm water for pedicure which I like very much. I would come here again for my next pedicure!
1	DONT EVER COME HERE. this place is a joke.  I was in search of a nail place that did fancy nail art and thought I was at the right place, considering the fact that they had a bunch of displays of their work which easily attracted me.  Ive only had white tips done before, and never anything crazy, so i was really excited to have "blinged out" nails.It began with a pedicure, which as he  completed it, it looked like a 5 year old had done my toe nails.  I figured, "ok... well... at least i can wear shoes to cover them." after that, we went to start my mani. He started to put white tips on my nails and i specifically asked him, "With those white tips, am i able to choose a design that I want?" he responded "YES, any design. after im done, choose a design and color." ..... and so I did. WHen i chose the nail design i wanted, he said  he couldnt do it!! i was so upset, and told him i wasnt happy with just white tips... and that wasnt what i asked for. I asked him if I was able to choose any design i wanted! and the one i did he said it was impossible because i should have told him i wanted a powdered glitter, how the hell was i suppose to know that??? im now a NAIL GURU, i didnt know i had to specifically  ask him to mis the glitter in my acrilic powder!... I mean i understand he didnt speak english, but damn seriously??? How can u run a business off of customer service if you cant understand your customers???I looked at my nails, and they were disgusting looking... they were uneven.... and horrible.   IF I WANTED WHITE TIPS, I WOULD ASK FOR THEM.... thats how he left them! and expected me to pay FULL PRICE for something I didnt want! I asked for at least 5-10 dollars off to compensate the trouble of not getting what I wanted... and what does he do??  GOES UP TO THE DOOR, LOCKS IT AND SCREAMS AT ME SAYING GIVE ME MY MONEEY!!!!! you just want it for free!"  what a FREAK!!!!!! i told him its NOT ABOUT the money!!! I would pay even $50 for my nails IF it was worth it but this was far from it!!! I make a great deal of income, how dare he insist I was there for a free-bee!!! i gave him my money and left that MAD HOUSE!!!!! THESE PEOPLE ARE CRAZY, STAYYYYYYY AWAY AT UR OWN RISK! HE WILL LOCK YOU IN THERE AND KEEP YOU HOSTAGE IF YOU DONT LIKE HIS WORK!! AND TRUST HIS NAIL ART IS PURE CRAP!
5	I went between classes at CSN and walked in and was out with beautiful gel French tips in under 45 minutes. Li Ly worked on me and was sweet and fun to talk with, if a little difficult to understand. Price was right too. $36 plus tip. I'll be back!
1	was looking for a cheap full set & that's what i got..paid $20..the lady who sits in the first chair to the left RUSHED probably took her a good 25 min to complete a full set & polish..my nails looked like a toddler polished them..she did such a bad job i will never return to this place..they are cheap for a reason.
2	This is another combined review of multiple visits. The first visit was fantastic. I got glitter tips and a deluxe pedicure which I thoroughly enjoyed. During the pedicure I was able to get some reading done for school because he didn't attempt any conversation, which personally I don't mind at all. I was happy with the service and how my nails looked that I left a 20% tip on my $70 bill. The next two visits were a different story... I went back just to see him and this time he was obviously in a bad mood and rushed my fill. When he was filing my nails he left one nail much shorter than the rest and it looked awful. Still I gave them another chance. I went back for a new set of glitter tips and deluxe pedicure, nails were subpar and the pedicure was sloppy, I do a better job myself. And this time, for the exact same service, my total was $75. That was the final straw. If you want to have a good experience, go there only once, after that the true colors come shining through.
4	I loved my first visit. Recommended by my bridesmaid who always has the most flashiest nails. Today I came back to this nail salon, and I was 100% satisfied.The salon was so adorable (very shabby chic) and the staff welcomed me as soon as I walked in. The staff there is friendly, helpful, and polite. You won't feel like the "staff is talking about you behind your back in another language" feeling here, because the ladies who work here speak English.They have lots of designs you can choose from or you can bring in a picture and they'll do it for you. That's what I did today and I have the cutest cupcake nails ever!Thank you for my beautiful nails. I love them!!
1	Dont ever try to come here! When I got here they were not smiling or greeted me. A lady started to do my manicure I wanted to get gel but 5minutes after she was doing my nails a man there takes her tools takes the bowl of water that my hands were in without even saying anything! He tells me come sit over here takes me with him and sends the lady that was doing my nails to work on another customer. He then starts to work on my nails I assume he knew what I wanted because before sending me to him he spoke to the lady in Vietnamese so I  assumed he was asking about my nails. Well long story short he cuts my nails so short I told him why did you do that couldnt you see my other hand how your coworker left it I have natural long nails and all I wanted to get some gel and you filed it too short. Instead of apologizing to me he started to argue that he had asked me how I wanted them and he was filing them square and that he cant do the same job as the other lady, then why the heck did he switch me???? he continue to argue with me and I finally had enough got up from the chair and walked out with one hand with long nails and the other with short nails DONT EVER COME TO THIS PLACE!!!!!!
5	I LOVED this place best mani pedi ... very clean and relaxing !!! Staff was awesome and i loved we didnt feel rushed they massaged our feet. N legs very good and also with a hot stone ... all i can say is im going to be going here alot !!!
