5	What can I say - When this Sky Train is complete, it will be very convenient for all moving around the airport! You will even be able to go to station at 44th St for the Light Rail!
5	Let me just start by saying that the PHX Sky Train is amazing! It's fast, clean, efficient and economical. Trains run every 3-5 minutes so you never wait to long either. The ride is smooth, plenty of room for your luggage, and the two biggest stations are air conditioned so your not drenched in sweat when you go to meet your in-laws waiting to pick you up in July! As of right now, being so new and all, the Sky Train or 44th Street Station rather, is a hidden jem!  This station located right at the corner of 44th St & Washington is huge, three levels with lots of waiting space. While great for light rail riders as it has an air conditioned bridge to the Metro stop, it is also built to be used as local passenger pick up and drop off. Neat,  right?!  It is built with the same style curbs as terminal 4 or 3 but without the hassle of driving into the airport. This makes it much easier to get family or friends flying through Sky Harbor with less traffic and closer to freeways 202 and 143! This station even has a Cell Phone lot just like the ones at the terminals and these actually include some metered parking so you can leave the car behind up to 4 hours and ride into the airport with your friends, super cool. The first floor has LOTS of waiting space, inside and outside covered. Second floor has bridge to Metro Light Rail with bag check for select airlines and third floor is the actual station platform for the Sky Train.  I urge anyone to skip the drive to the airport and use this whether you're riding in yourself or picking someone up. It's so futuristic and a great addition to our fine city. My buddy even said "I feel like I'm in Tron", can't complain with that! Great asset to Phoenix, you will love this service, really! Future extentions include to Terminal 3 in 2015 and to the Rental Car Center in 2024.
2	Nice, shiny, new!  Already starting to get popular, the cars at times are full!  Time to add the third or middle car instead of running it in pairs.  A couple of things that really bother me about this train.  It's the first train system I've seen that does not have posted instructions of where to go in an emergency.  Usually on a Light rail or Subway type of train, they have banners posted on how to open the door and where to go depending on the type of track the train is on.What do you do if there's a fire?  What do you do if the train looses power and stops?  In the heat? There is absolutely nothing to inform you of this at PHX. The SkyLink at DFW has stairways to get off of the elevated track bed, PHX does not. DFW has the same brand and model of train, Bombardier.  The T-4 station faces the Southwest Airlines ramp on the south of the terminal.  During Southwest's busy times, the station smells like exhaust.  Probably not a problem if you're in the station a short time, but there are people that work right there.  They have station monitors to help newbies, they are sitting there and watching or mingling with travelers that need direction, for hours at at time. And you have the janitorial people there keeping that expensive floor clean.
5	Best service to hit the Valley since I have been around. Luggage drop-off one hour before departure is convenient if you're traveling with Southwest or USAir. If you a boarding pass, go right to the gate. Please consider a departure board at the arrival platform so travelers can confirm gates and times.
5	So now that we have the light rail, decent restaurants in our airport and a train in the sky, it's like Phoenix is a real city. I can't begin to describe how much easier travel is with the Sky Train. I've never waited more than 5 minutes for a train and if I get there early enough I can even pre-check my bags. The issue is, I'm never there early enough, even if I'm there 90 minutes before as it states. The station is clean, the walkways are awesome and it drops you off right near all the concourses at terminal 4. I never thought the shuttle was much of a pain, but man, this is so much more efficient. It's about time I actually look forward to heading to the airport.
4	The sky train is fantastic. Almost hard to believe this is Phoenix and someone got it right.  But then there's news that when terminal 3 is connected they will be spending money to build a walkway to terminal 2.A walkway really? Hope it's a short walk at least, but aside from that, what about the West economy parking and the rental car facility?  I know it's not even in the budget right now, but they aren't even discussing it as part of the plan to make the airport truly connected the way it should be.  One would hope theres a plan for this. Otherwise, one poster brings to light a safety concern. Power outage.  What's the plan for fire escape, and trapped passengers in the summer heat? But otherwise I've used the train twice, one for US Air and the bag check is great along with the location in terminal 4 at the gate level, and then once for Delta, term 3.Transferring to a bus wasn't the greatest, but the signage of where the terminal bus vs. rental car bus waiting areas are not clear. Lots of people including flight crews asking where the correct bus stop is. I answered, I thought you knew so I was following you LOL
4	Incredibly efficient way to save $16/day on parking compared to the close lot.  This airport gets better and better.
4	Pretty awesome. You can park in the east economy lot and take this over to terminal 4. It makes the whole process of parking at the airport incredibley easy. The trains come every few minutes, so you're never waiting long. The trains themselves are really clean.They also have a thing where you can check your bags before you even get on the train, we didn't use it but it seems like a great feature!
4	First time on this train and it was great! We were able to bus, light rail and train so that we didn't have to take a shuttle, taxi or pay for parking. The train was nice, quick and easy to navigate. The only thing to remember is that it drops you off on the 3rd floor so you have to go downstairs to check your bag! Me and my husband were a little lost at first not realizing we were on the 3rd floor =)
4	The more I use this train, the more I like it.  Will be great when they connect the other two terminals! Hopefully sooner than planned. In regards to the emergency exits, I did notice the walkway in between the tracks and the emergency latch to get out in case of fire or power failure. Again nice job!However: Flight monitors in the train station.   I know one issue is for T4,  you don't always know your gate ahead of time, so your not knowing which way you need to exit the walkway out of the train platform. It's a bit of a walk to one of the checkpoints just to find out your gate in in the opposite direction.
1	We didn't like it, and here's why:We parked in the covered garage at the East Economy Lot.  There was no signage pointing to the Phx Sky Train from inside the Parking Garage.  Found the sinage when up the SLOOOWWW esclator to the deck to catch the train.The train only takes you to Terminal 4. Lasted about 3 minutes.You then have to walk down a long corridor that takes you insideTerminal 4.Very little sinage at the end of this corridor - we asked a stewardess and she pointed us to the elevators.Get on the elevators down one level and out of the terminal to the curb to catch the Airport Shuttle Bus - make sure you are on the correct side - this is what I hate about the Phoenix Airport.Take the Airport Shuttle Bus to your Terminal 2 or 3.This took us about 20-30 minutes.  Another group was just as lost as we were and just as frustrated.  Why in God's creation would I pay EXTRA DOLLARS ($11/day covered parking) to park at the Airport to go through all this when I could pay less at some off airport shuttle/parking company and be dropped off right at the curb for the airport Terminal that I'm flying out of.  Sorry Phoenix Sky Harbor - maybe after you spend another $240 million to extend this train to ALL terminals will it be worth my while.
2	Way too many steps now in the parking process at east economy. Drive in park...walk to shuttle stop area....wait.......catch open air shuttle to train...train ride ....(cool)....home....down to baggage....back up to train.....train to open air shuttle...somewhere near car.....more expensive than off-airport parking....all that for one billion dollars....
5	This is it! This is the best fucking tram, free or otherwise, in the goddamn country! This puts the Las Vegas strip trams, the ones built and operated by MGM Resorts Intl., and, that other useless one built on the East end (Monorail) that is bleeding arterial red like crazy, to absolute shame. The future has arrived motherfuckers! And it is in scary-conservative Maricopa County, U.S.A. ....Make this bitch traverse the whole damn dame metropolis and we would all be heroes. That is all. - E
3	Pretty cool ride but a little bumpy considering the age. Might be more fun during the day when you can see where you're going...
4	I travel a good bit for business and use the east economy lot. The sky train is great for a quick transport to terminal 4. Seems to arrive the second I walk up every time. The only reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 is because it doesn't take you to any other terminals so leave yourself some time if your airline does not depart from terminal 4 because you have to take a shuttly to access any other terminals. Wait can be 10 minutes sometimes... plus the travel time to get there.
5	This is a hidden gem and I shouldn't be spreading the word! Traveling with my wife and two kids on a Saturday, we used the curbside drop off at the 44th st and Washington station. There was not another traveler in sight. We headed up to the second floor to us the early bag check and again no one in line. Checked our bags, flying Southwest, and headed to the train. It arrived in less then a minute and we were in terminal 4 in 10 minutes. Seriously this is the only way to go if you are flying out of terminal 4.
4	Well, I was lucky enough to ride on this the 2nd day it was up and running.It is a good concept and it is free so you have nothing to complain about.However for now it only goes to Terminal 4. You have to get off the train. Go down to level 2 ,take a bus over to Terminal 3 and 2. They are working on building more, so it will do that eventually.It is quick and easy. One of the bad things is the homeless riders have no discovered it. They will get on it at 44th street and ride it over to the airport for a while and hang out ,then ride it back and forth.So in the summer it can be probably a lot of fun for them. Just watch your bags and enjoy the ride.
5	Very impressive system.  Seamless transition from light rail to Sky Train - makes it easy to get to the airport using public transportation.  Highly recommended.
5	I take this train almost weekly, and talk about punctual!  The driver is a machine, NEVER a minute late!
2	This is a great concept and works well if you're flying out of terminal 3 or 4. If you're flying out of 2 this is such a pain! The train does not have a terminal 2 stop but the shuttles will not take you to the east economy lot from T2 so you have to take a shuttle to terminal 4 then catch the train from there. Sounds easy unless you're dragging luggage up and down stairs like I was. Took me 45 min to get to my car after the plane landed. I'm hoping the phoenix city council is working to fix this problem. Use Blue Sky if you're using terminal 2. Way easier!
4	This is not a train- it's a roller coaster! Seriously- is this thing safe? I don't see how we didn't fly off the rails last night it was going so damn fast, but I appreciated the speed cause I was tired and ready to go the hell home after my 5 hour flight from the east coast. It's like the Disney Monorail but it feels like it carries a higher personal injury factor.With the rise in popularity of GPS based ride-share apps like Uber & Lyft, and the traditional cab companies trying hard to prevent pick ups and drop offs at the terminals, the Sky Train is the place to be picked up. Signage in & out of the Sky Train station could be more obvious and perhaps even lighted at night, and for a weekday evening when the airport terminals and baggage claim were packed, there was no one on the Sky Train taking it out to the Light Rail station. So it has that not busy or crowded thing going for it.
1	Watch out here predatory ticket and towing!My spouse parked at the cell phone lot at the sky tram on Easter Sunday. He walked up to the tram exit to meet me and help with my bags, in just the few minutes our truck was ticketed and going on the tow truck. Yes the sign said "Do not leave your car unattended" however, there were only two other cars in the whole lot and he just went up to the tram exit not more than two minutes' walk from the parking or standing lot. Really Sky Harbor is this the intention of the sky tram? If you don't want us to use it then fine we will go back to picking up passengers at the airport. Never again will I use the sky tram.
5	Got to save my 85 year old father the stress of driving up to terminal 4 at Sky Harbor. As we drove South on 44th Street right before us lay the Sky Train terminal without another car in sight. The terminal is gorgeous! The train zipped me to the terminal reminiscent of a speedy Disneyland experience.Dad was headed back home instead of the cardiac unit at the local hospital. Sky Train is great!
4	I really dig the Phx Sky Train. It's like a roller coaster for people who are afraid of the real things (I'm not). The ride is very smooth, and completely automated, so you feel like you've landed in an episode of the Jetsons. Yeah, totally cool.
5	Awesome ride for young kids. Who needs the Disney monorail when you have the Sky Train? We once visited the airport just to ride it. No problem convincing the grand kids to meet grandma at the airport anymore.At a cost of well over a billion dollars, you have to wonder if there wasn't a more cost effective way to connect the three terminals and light rail. Put aside those thoughts. Enjoy the sparkly floors.
