1	Booooo
3	It was my co-workers choice to pick out our lunch spot and she had a craving for some fried fish and since our options were limited she chose Captain D's!We walked in and the place was pretty empty. The cashier greeted us and took order right away!  We found a table and waited and waited...finally our food arrived and I realized the wait was for them cooking it up right then! Yesss!!!I chose the fish tenders and fries combo. I've had it before, but it was much better this time since it was nice and hot! I was a little disappointed in two things from my visit, first the fries were cold! If you took the time to make the fish why not the fries??? And they charged me $.10 for a cup of water?!? Really??? But I mean overall, I left full and the food was pretty good. So I will be back!
4	Stopped in for lunch and to my surprise its senior Wednesday...  Lunch 4.99.   It was well attended ny seniors who obviously got the word and didn't just stumble in like me...   Great service from Keshia,...  Had the. 5 shrimp platter which hit the spot....  Only disappointment was they were out of key lime pie.....   Nice spot
1	Where to begin my review as this will be my 1st and last review for this place.  I will definitely be sending a letter to the corporate office on this place. Upon entering for my families 1st time trying this spot for take out it would be our last.  I was in total shock seeing the cashier handling the register then placing lids on the tartar sauces used for the meals.  At no point was any washing of the hands or using gloves ever attempted, mind you dealing with the register.  As my families meal was brought out, I see a line cook stuffing his face with no gloves on just his bare hands.   I said to myself, this is unsanitary practices being used here.  I then ask another worker to call the managers attention who's behind her and she gets into the "deer" mode, acting as if who's the manager. I finally make eye contact with him as he knew I was right and went to the kitchen to possibly tell the guy stuffing his face, you got caught.  The manager was looking all dirty himself too, no name tag, no indication that he's the manager.  I asked for a full refund, I was not spending my money here.  I then ask for his name which he pulls out his a$$ and says it's "Mr. Rapport".  Well that's the name I'll use when I compile a letter to the corporate office.  Please beware of this place, save your money for a pack of bologna instead.
5	Excellent food. Idk why everyone's complaining. I begged hubby to take me here for the second time. The good is sooooo yummy. Don't let the other reviews fool you. Trust me I tell it like it is.. Although it's considered fast food it's the best place ever!!
