5	I can not get enough of their Sushi! Every time I go to Montreal I have to go here. The food is fabulous and the service is friendly and accommodating. Management seems to stack themselves with attractive servers and extremely fresh seafood. I make sure I go here at least once every time I head up to Montreal. I'll be back, and I recommend you go too. They have beautiful open-aired windows along the bustling Mont Royal Avenue and the restaurant is always full. Young crowd that goes here too. Decor is very sharp, like a modern day Americanized Japanese Restaurant.
2	In short, their service was great, but their sushi ... not so much. We have heard that Montreal, a foodie's haven, isn't known for their sushi scene, or any other Asian food for that matter. But we thought to give it a try at this sushi joint on Mt. Royal. For starters we picked shrimp tempura and ebi shumai (yes, we love shrimp that much.) The tempura came out right away, tasted fresh and crunchy as they should. The ebi shumai was so so, a little too sticky for my taste, but okay.Then came the sushi: hamachi, saba, sake --the wild sockeye variety that is, and a roll. This is where everything goes downhill, real fast. The hamachi was warm and tasteless. The saba wasn't bad as it  was the only one with flavor, it certainly held the rest of the spread together. But the sockeye salmon was not acceptable. We were expecting a slice of nature's best: deep orange color, rich buttery texture, and taste like wild salmon should. But what we got was a previously frozen soggy mesh served as sushi grade sockeye salmon. It was flavorless and the texture reminded me of a waterlogged sponge. We're still trying to get the memory out of our head. As for the roll, well ... at least this one didn't give us a nightmare, as it was the least memorable of them all. Will we come back? May be, but not for the sushi. They may be stocking themselves with servers who look like models, but I doubt that will fix their sushi quality.
3	Sushi at a beginner level. Location is good. But you leave disappointed. It's just not great. I used to be better.But it's just gone BYOW!!!! (bring your own wine).
2	Place was hopping. Service was fairly week. Food was more inspiring than delicious. We started with seared scallops with mango. It was tasty, but definitely fell short - the mango was chopped so finely that it was hard to get a hold of especially with the fairly large scallops.  Oh yeah, and it was only 2 scallops.Then we had a couple of rolls - one had cooked salmon that had a nice splash of lemon, with avocado, & cuke.  I really liked how the lemon came through and finished the flavor of the roll even with the addition of soy and wasabi. This was definitely the highlight of the meal. We also had what was basically lobster salad (with mayo, yep - go figure) tossed with some fresh strawberries and fresh mango, then served on half of an avocado.  Presentation was beautiful, lobster was pretty abundant, and the idea was good. The flavors just didn't really all come together - the strawberries and mango almost competed with the lobster.
3	Recently converted to BYOB (Beer or Wine), this restaurant's new menu is more in the style of ... Japanese tapas?!?!? They recently changed the specialties on the sushi menu and introduced an appetizer menu. There are a few more choices when it comes to dessert as well. Sushi plates were cut into 5s instead of 6s, which made it more difficult to share among 2. (Really 5s can only be shared properly by 5 people, 6s can be shared by 2 or 3! The atmosphere is fine. The service is good (though spread a bit thin with one waitress trying to cope).
2	This place was packed pretty late (after 10p) on a Friday night, and I don't quite get the appeal.  The two of us spent about $50 on a small-ish roll, six diminutive slices of sashimi, and a wakame salad, and left fairly unsatisfied.  There was nothing particularly wrong with the food, but I'm sure more food of at least equal quantity can be had for less in in the city, and in a restaurant that isn't so uncomfortably packed and loud.
4	Was lured into Wakamono with the promise of noodles. The atmosphere was calm and the service attentive. The food was really, really good. I loved the steamed shrimp dumplings and my noodles were terrific. I would have given Wakamono 5 stars but the shrimp that came with my noodles wasn't de-veined. That was the only bump in the road of an otherwise perfect meal.
5	Went here for my birthday, and was great. The sushi was fresh, hearty, and was worth the money. Was an expensive dinner as we ate like pigs, but was a celebration so was worth it. The staff was friendly, and the atmosphere and ambience was perfect.
