4	I got a second pair of the discontinued hiking boots I like here.  I think I'll have to go around the Valley and clean out the supply in each Big 5.I called and they had one pair left in my size.  They put it away for two days with my name on a tag.  I picked up the boots and they are just what I want.The staff was friendly and very competent.  Good store!
4	Ever since my old pair of sketchers (also the same ones I used for hiking) decided to rip on me during a nice sunny afternoon walk, my friend first took me to REI to look for a good pair of hiking shoes for our next outing. We saw a super dee duper cute pair with purple shoelaces on the clearance rack. They were just my size but not exactly my price - $76 wasn't gonna cut it for me. So my friend convinced me to subscribe to Big 5's weekly ads because they would have these awesome sales out of nowhere. I willingly obliged.Then a couple of weeks ago, I stumbled upon an ad that featured Coleman hiking shoes with prices slashed down pretty steeply, immediately prompting me and my dad to check it out. These shoes I fell in loved with and the ones from REI looked almost uncanny. They both had deep lug soles and awesome ankle support (plus, some nice purple shoelaces) as the manager diligently explained and $24 wasn't so bad a figure! So I bought the pair without further hesitation and am now geared for my next hike! A pointer to note though, make sure to check out their clearance racks once in a while as well. They had New Balance training shoes as low as $15 the last time I checked and there's no harm getting an email alert from them every now and then, so I would suggest you opt for their weekly ads subscriptions. I promise you'll love their deals.With that said, Red Rock/Mount Charleston, here I come!
5	My mom and I dropped by last week to get ourselves some new running shoes. After a little exploring, we stumbled on a little sign that said 'Manager's special' and below it were a number of size 6 New Balance running shoes that cost only $21. I instantly tried a few on and settled quickly with one with very good foot support in less than 15 minutes after we arrived. My mom found her pair under the weekly promotion. For $40, she got her own New Balance pair that was very light and flexible with enough cushion on the sole. The manager was nice enough to ask us if we had any questions to which I took the time to inquire about the differences between running and training shoes. He proceeded to explain them and assisted my mom in finding a few other alternatives to try on. Wouldn't trade Big 5 with any of the shoe shops at the Fashion Show Mall. Great deals and great quality!
3	Big 5 has good deals but they don't always have the sizes you are looking for.  I came into Big 5 to get a few pairs of shoes for someone, but they only had one size in the most expensive shoe, not the one I was looking for.  They called around to the other Big 5's, but nothing.  I do have to say, that the customer service did not pass my Helpful test.  They were not enthusiastic about calling around, felt like I made them do a chore. Sorry, I made you work!!!  But that was one employee I had to deal with, I can't say this about all the employees.  The store is not located in the nicest area, often there are bums hanging around the store front and I don't feel incredibly safe with my doors unlocked.
5	I just can't seem to run out of good things to say about Big 5. Am loving their deals. Over the week, I've been looking around for a good pair of binoculars for bird watching up at Red Rock this Sunday when I stumbled upon their weekly ad about a pair of (originally) $39.99 pink 10 x 25 binoculars (my favorite color) that are now being sold for only $9.99 with a case, lens wipe and strap! While I was on it, I made use of the opportunity to look through more hiking essentials and ended up leaving with hand warmers, a cozy beanie (which looks like a cap) as well as a water bottle. Everything added up to to less than $40 thanks to the amazing deals. Make sure to keep yourselves on the loop with new deals that come up every week. You could save quite a handful! And when you reach the counter, ask the cashier for coupons. Chances are they'll offer you a 10% coupon for your next purchase. Just scribble in your email and print it before you go back to shop the next time around!
3	Not very impressed. Limited sizes and what seemed like an unorganized selection made this place a little confusing to find specific items. The staff was friendly enough, but I'm not sure it was enough to bring me back here.
