5	I checked out this location based on the one review I read.  I showed up and there was nobody in line, so it was helped right away by a very  nice woman (forgot her name).  She got my information and since I used their Chandler location, I was already in the system.  Richard (who was mentioned in the previous review) came to talk to me about some services that were needed, but not pressing.  I was happy that he wasn't a pushy salesman like most places.  I got some new windshield wipers on top of my oil change along with a filter.  i was out the door with about $70.  I was happy.  I appreciate their honesty and their timing was perfect.  I was there probably about 20min max.Would definitely go here again!!
2	While the service was good, in an out fairly quick ... but the price was not acceptable.  An oil change and air filter costs me $110+.  That is too expensive for a simple oil change.  I wish I would have taken it to me normal mechanic which would have costs me $50 or less.  I won't be back.Update 2/5/14: I went to honda for a new oil change - it was $32.00 for the exact same service.  Lesson learned - don't go to Jiffy Lube.  Just go to the dealer, let them try to sell me on $900 worth of service, decline, and walk away with a $32 oil change.
1	Monkeys could do a better job.  The staff do not think about what they are doing or what is important to the car, only follow a checklist
1	DANGER DO NOT GO TO THIS JIFFY LUBE!!!!!! This place is crazy and very scary. I was surrounded by really weird employees running around in a state of chaos. The manager is yelling at this kid with a bad attitude who's  rolling his eyes at the manager and scowling. I did not get my car vacuumed out which I thought was part of the service. Stay away from this creepy out of control business. I'll be calling Jiffylube. I deserve better.
4	I went there for an oil change. I found the staff to be friendly and courteous. They are just doing their job when they offer their services like every other business. I did not feel any pressure. One of the issues I could do myself, but most people don't have the time or interest.I found it to be a positive experience. I will return for other maintenance check ups.
