3	Savers is just a thrift store, that appears to sort through the junk before putting it on the floor. So there's less crapola out there.For the most part, it's usual thrift store inventory -- old cookware, clothes, linens, etc. But sometimes there is new inventory as well -- mostly seasonal items, like Halloween costumes and Christmas decorations.I did find some good clothing scores during their 50% off everything sale they have (twice a year, I think.), and I cleaned up on baby clothes, that were dirt cheap during the same sale.
2	I don't like this Savers! The staff is rude and unprofessional Honestly outside of the clothing they really don't have much to offer..Also THEY ONLY HAVE 50% off everything like twice a yearand their sales are limitedThere are better choices than this savers
3	As far as Thrift stores go the Savers branches are hit or miss, you can go and find nothing whatsoever or, like i did on a visit to this particular location, find a good deal of cool junk!When i used to go to GCC i'd pass this place on a daily basis, and i always wondered how it fared in comparison to other Savers, I'd bought a bicycle at one on 35th and Bell and was generally please w/ their wares. Well one day on my way to class i tripped and destroyed the soul of my oxford shoe, it'd flap open like a talkative fools jaw most annoyingly making it hard for me to walk. So i had some time till my next class so i opted to head out in search of shoes. I remembered this Savers on Olive so i headed there. Walking into the store i reminded myself of that scene in "No Country For Old Men" when Anton Chigurh is limping into the drug store and everyone is staring past him at the car explosion outside. I gimped over to the shoe rack expecting to find nothing, let alone something that'd match my vintage outfit. Lo and Behold! A pair of swanky Italian leather ankle boots w/ a sweet buckle clasp for, $5!!!!!!i was stunned, thrilled, and exhuberanti put them on and carried my destroyed oxfords to the counter, i gave the clerk my tag, happily paid my $5 and skipped out of the store, figuratively of course.Thats the story of Savers, hit or miss, and be prepared to search.
4	This is one of the more decent thrift stores of the northwest part of the metro area. The prices are very low and there is a wide selection of pretty decent merchandise. It seems to me that the housewares here are of better condition than at most thrift stores, and this establishment doesn't have the old-closet / mothball smell that seems to be present in most thrift stores.
