5	I have had two manicures and a pedicure at Momentum. Levi is a very good nail technician and the fact that they have only one station for each just means you need to be sure to schedule and not show up with extra people! They do bring someone in to use the other station when Levi is busy and I have heard good things about her as well.I especially enjoyed the massage at the end of the pedicure. It was more like reflexology than a simple massage and made my feet feel sooooo good! My manicures have lasted as long as any I have had at a salon and look very nice.
5	I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the mani pedi I got today. My boyfriend bought me a gift certificate so I finally went and cashed in. Levi is great! He paid attention to detail and if he noticed any tiny flaws he would go back and fix them. The pedicure was fabulous, although I do wish the water had been a bit warmer. The staff was friendly and made me comfortable. It can sometimes be awkward to go to a new solan but the people were great. I will definitely be a regular here.
5	They will always take time and take care of you. Beth, Sarah, and Levi are awesome. They are friendly and caring. If you want something wild this is not the place for you, but if you want healthy beautiful hair then come here. You can't beat the prices for the service! Also Levi gives amazing  pedicure leg massages! Salon uses Bumble products that remind me of the beach and always leave my hair super soft! Family owned! I support local! :)
5	Yippee! I found a great hairdresser!  Her name is Jen Murray.(FYI I am a former hairdresser I'm good with color but if you ever see me with scissors please run!) My last hairdresser cut her hours and the last time overlapped the bleach on my highlights so I had some breakage and "instant bangs"... Sigh.....So that wasn't working. Momentum Salon is right by my house, (Warner and Rural in South Tempe) a HUGE plus! You do NOT need to go to Scottsdale for a great stylist!I walked in shocked at the beauty of the salon!  You really can't tell how large it is from the outside. I was offered water right when I walked in, that was a nice touch.I explained to Jen that my hair always breaks off from the bleach for the highlights or pulls really red/gold and that was my biggest fear, having a hair color somewhere between Big Bird yellow and Animal from the Muppets red.I really loved the job the Jen did on my hair! We did highlights and low lights leaving my natural color as the "third" color.  It is a very nice effect, very natural. It had been literally months since I had had a color and she matched the previous color exactly, less the bleach breakage LOL!  I am very happy with the quality of the work and I will go back to Jen.
