2	First to Review?I wish someone would have taken the time to save me the trouble..Very small selection, lackluster at best. The fried chicken looked yellow?WTF!They have seafood,BBQ,Mongolian,Chinese,Mexicano,American,Italian and a 6 item salad bar.plus a dessert station.The big attraction is the Mongolian which is made to order-NOT for me.I tried a little of everything and was pretty disappointed but I filled up on eclairs & cheesecake.It beat having to stand in line 2 hrs @ Green Valley Ranch but I wouldn't go out of my way.
4	I'm generally not a big fan of buffets but for the way I eat now - this one is a terrific choice. I personally like this buffet specifically for the Mongolian Grill. In addition to the traditional veggies and meats they offer a huge variety of sauces and flavorings -- even roasted garlic cloves!   Also loved the fish -- not dried out like fish I've tried at many other buffets.   The prices are extremely reasonable and you save more with a player's club card from the casino.   I had an event nearby at Lake Las Vegas, so my husband even went back for dinner. It's not a gourmet high-end buffet and aside from the Mongolian Grill, they don't have a huge variety of items on the buffet itself  but what they do, they do well. And it's a great value. Good service, too.
3	The Festival Buffet is a rather basic buffet, but isn't that what one should expect from a rather basic casino? Besides, it's only $6.99 for dinner Monday-Saturday (excluding holidays) if you have the Amigo Card!  On my last visit I didn't see anything exceptional, you aren't going to find rack of lamb or caviar here... They did have a prime rib and roast turkey station, and the turkey was surprisingly moist and tasty for a cheap buffet. There is a Mongolian grill, Italian, Mexican, and BBQ sections as well, plus a small salad bar. And the deserts, albeit simple ones, never disappoint. Brunch on Sundays will run you a little more money ($13.99 with the card), but does include champagne. They serve crab legs then as well.  Diners have the option of purchasing alcohol during other times, my husband and I split a bottle of pinot grigio that cost us $7.99. The waiter that brought out our wine was friendly and seemed happy to serve us, he came back by later to make sure we were happy with the wine as well. If you are looking for an affordable buffet option in the Henderson area, Festival Buffet is A-OK.
4	A very good Buffett that is organized according to type of food.  The ice cream is outstanding and the wait staff are fast in clearing tables.  The price is reasonable if you get the amigo card, but can be costly for groups with several children.  Very clean.
2	Terrible buffet, terrible selection.  From the outside, it looks huge, but there is probably only one good food per station.  In addition, the international selections were pitiful.  Not enough meat, and mostly unpleasant.  The BBQ station only served roast turkey.  To be fair, I came here during the lunchtime, I don't know how the dinner selection varies.  I won't be coming back.
3	Typical Vegas buffet. Not great, not bad. Typical fare. Pretty decent selection of items and a good Mongolian BBQ keeps this above a 2 star.
4	One of the better local casino buffets. Better than Sunset Station (slightly cheaper, more variety and better taste)You can't go to a local casino buffet, pay less than $10, and expect your dining experience to comparable to that of a casino buffet on the strip.That said, there is more variety than expected of local casino buffets. Food is okay. Some items taste better than others. It's a buffet... take a little of what you want to try, if it tastes good, get more, if not, just let the server take it away. Have fun with the cheap food.One plus was the Mongolian grill. You choose your ingredients, hand it over to the guy, and he cooks it right there for you on the large grill. Add rice, noodles, whatever carb you want that you can find in the buffet, or not.One negative, it's location. Local casinos, especially, smell horribly of smoke. You just can't avoid it here in LV. When you exit upon stuffing yourself with food, your hair, clothes, all wreak of smoke. Just a heads up.Usually no lines at all.Servers are very attentive and sweet.A great choice if you're hungry and looking for a variety cheap food and dessert.
3	Great deal.  Approximately $9 dinner for dinner on a Saturday night. Approximately $9 everyday, except major holidays. There are eight stations. Here are the stations with a sample of their food.  1. International       craw fish       fish       rice pilaf  2. Chinese,        chow mein       fried rice       egg rolls       hot and sour soup  3) Barbecue       live station serving roast beef and turkey.      baked potatoes  4)Bakery,   5)Mongolian,   6)Mexican      nachos       Spanish rice      Southwestern corn  7)American,        burgers  8) Italian        pizza (I pass over buffet pizza)        Spaghetti with choice of sauces Plus two salad bars, with one of them serving soup.  I have dined at the Festival Buffet a few times. They were no bad experiences with the food. The exception is that the egg flower soup was kind of cold. This ain't no Carnival Buffet. If you expect shrimp or crab legs, you will be disappointed. For the price, Festival Buffet is no 1 star buffet.  Return factor: high
5	Still the best place in Henderson. What more can you want for a true $5 Vegas buffet?
2	First off, let me say that I'm spoiled by the best rated local buffet - the pricier but definitely better Studio B buffet at the M resort. Sure the Festival buffet at Fiesta is only $9.99 for dinner and $7.99 for lunch but you can get a pretty decent meal for that much at the local In-n-Out. Don't get me wrong, the festival buffet is acceptable for the price one pays but as they say 'you get what you pay for'.Drinks - I got the $1 margarita. Yep, it tasted like a $1 margarita. It was definitely a premix, not something a bartender could have prepared. If it was prepped by a bartender, shame on you mister!Food - At first glance, the place looked like it had a well stocked buffet. There were the usual sections - international, asian (not sure how that's not international), italian, american, etc. My two big gripes with the food at this buffet were - a) each section had barely 3-4 dishes, 5 tops. b) the food didn't look or taste the freshest. I imagine they do a lot of 'pre-prepped' food. In Gordon Ramsey speak that's effing b*llsh*t.Most sections had passable food. My favorite section turned out to be the Mongolian BBQ section. This was a delight and I compliment the chef (me...cuz that's what a Mongolian BBQ is....you pick your food, pick your sauces and the 'cook' heats it up for you). The burgers in the American section were soaked in what I'm guessing was a container of disposed-off engine oil. The ravioli had puss-filled acne...or was it supposed to be cheese? The ribs were meh...head on over to Tony Roma's or Famous Dave's to know how ribs should taste. Pizza was decent. The best thing I ate here was the chocolate ice cream for dessert.Conclusion - If you're really hungry and don't want to spend a lot head on over to the Festival buffet at Fiesta. If you're looking for a Vegas buffet worth remembering, look elsewhere.PS: Servers were friendly and attentive. My only gripe is with the food here (and maybe the set they borrowed from that 40s movie for decor).
2	The place was fair for the price, but I would have preferred better food with a slightly higher price. The first place I tried mostly italian foods. The alfredo sauce looked gross in that pot, but it was okay when I ate it. It looked like jelly. I thought, well I will enjoy this. Then I started looking at the selection and eating it, and my taste buds were not digging anything. Some of the things were stale or old tasting, like they'd been sitting there for awhile. I didn't try any of the chinese food because I had eaten some recently, but it looked unappetizing. It was tolerable.The only plus was that the waitresses were fast to serve you drinks and remove your plates. She would check back pretty often.
1	I feel like I should vomit.  I am not a fan of buffets, especially cheap ones.  I unfortunately am stranded at the fiesta and needed dinner.  I read the reviews and the Mongolian grill sounded doable, love Mongolian grill elsewhere.  Wrong, it's cheap, it's greasy, and not something I enjoyed.  If you want an excellent buffet go to the strip, preferably wicked spoon.
3	Wow. Daniel S's review pretty much covers what they serve. Bravo Daniel! Now for my opinion. At the time of this review, Festival was having a special. 3.99 for breakfast, 4.99 for lunch, and 5.99 for dinner (with a player card which is free to sign up). Of course it's for a limited time only, so take full advantage before it goes back up to another 3 dollars respectively, at least you could have said you tried it and didnt have to spend much money. Trust me, I have eaten here even before this special and their food has not changed except for major holidays but of course you have to spend extra.Most people ask what is Festival Buffet comparable to? Well, the first obvious answer is that compared to the highly priced buffets off the strip, that is a big "negative". If you ever heard of Home Town Buffet, which you should unless you have been hiding in a bomb shelter for the last 20 years, that is the closest I can compare it to. I would say Festival is just a little bit better, mainly because of the "Mongolian Cooking" option. That alone right there is worth the price because of the cooked to order theme.So for a decent but not great food for the price, I would come back occasionally, especially if I have family and friends looking to save some money.
4	This buffet located at the Fiesta Station in Henderson. It Has a good selection of food that I would rate maybe three stars,but I will give the deserts a five ,also the price is five stars. This certinly isn't one of the better buffets ,nor is it the worst,but it's well worth the price.If your in the area give it a try!
2	Cheap, but you get what you pay for.  Service from the servers was good, but not from the staff at the food stations.  I remember asking for turkey, guy cut a slice and immediately left.  He didn't even give me a chance to ask for an extra cut.  I asked someone else and he cut me a piece, but obviously wasn't happy that he had to actually work.  Rest of the food was sparce.  You would think that items like fish, chicken, and mash potatoes would be readily available.  Not the best food experience, so I gave dessert a try.  Not much of a selection either.  Next time I'm in the area and in the mood for a casino buffet, I will just drive the extra 4 miles and go to GVR.  I rate a buffet based on lines, selection, taste, and service.  This place only managed to hit one of the four.  Yes...line was quick.
1	One of the Top 5 WORST buffets I've experienced. Me and my boyfriend didn't think much of this place. The people running it are rather blase' about the whole thing, not very attentive to the customer. The food was very "cafeteria" as my boyfriend says. I'll eat almost anything, but this was Dumpsville from the proverbial 'get-go'. The orange chicken from the Asian section was mushy... mushy? How do you make orange chicken mushy? Well, the Fiesta found a way to do it. Much of the entire buffet seemed to be just splattered across the serving stations, like throwing a can of paint across a canvas and signing your name to it.Nothing special at the lunch buffet, just all the standards you can think of... mashed potatoes, fried rice, a couple of hams screaming for their lives at the carving station, and therein lies the metaphor which probably best fits this basically generic buffet --- the 'best' items on the line were the standards.My boyfriend liked the fried chicken the best while I gorged on the all-beef hot dogs. Other little annoyances are things like asking for another glass of milk and not getting it. Our server was talking with The Manager who "pulled her aside". I guess he felt that his business was more important than the customers.Extra tidbits: the shelled mussels were ok, if not particularly hot, and there were about 5 or 6 different kinds of dinner rolls. Never got to the soups because they were inconviently placed around the room, but they were strictly standards (there's that word again).... chicken noodle, sweet pea.... zzzzzzzzzzAnd now for the big question: Would I ever go back to eat here again? Well, that's a toughie..... um..... let's just say I would return if I ran out of gas in that part of town, I was absolutely famished, and my sunglasses had mud on them so I couldn't see that I was re-entering the Fiesta.... otherwise, NO!
3	I saw the $5.99 lunch promo they have going and it has been a while since we've been here, so we thought sure why not check it out the deal for the ACYE buffet.  Well  it's pretty standard buffet fare.  The only thing I really liked was the bbq pulled pork, collard greens, brussel sprouts from the Bar-b-que station.  The pork was seasoned nicely and tender, I made myself a pulled pork sandwich out of it.  So that alone was worth the price of lunch already.  The Mongolian stir fry on the other hand I only took one bite. The meat was tough.. I can deal with that, but the cook drowned it in way too much sauce (which was too salty for me). Even the waiter who took that plate away looked at it and made a remark about it.  I do like the option that you can get brown rice. That was nice. They also had  fresh chopped ginger and garlic plus other veggie options you can add for your stir fry.   Next time though I'll stick with the sweeter and lighter teriyaki sauce that my husband chose for his stir fry. His creation turned out and tasted better than mine.  The salad pickins and dressings were your standard selections. I only saw one station that qualified as a salad bar.  The other station had the condiments. The dessert selection was okay.  They had pies, little slices of cakes and display case of pastries. They also have sugar free options too.  It's not the out of this world sweets treats, but the make your own ice cream sundae bar will do the trick and make any kid happy.  Service and ambiance was fine. The place was clean. It wasn't too crowded. Just a short wait to be seated. The servers kept their buffet stations clean and food fresh. The salad station was kept cold and always filled.  The meats and side dishes were hot to luke warm though. Our waiter was friendly and refilled our drinks and kept our table clear.  This is a pretty decent buffet and it's a great value for what it's worth. I'd take family here and they would be happy with it.  They have a breakfast promo too, I think I might try that next!
3	Located in The Fiesta Hotel Casino in Henderson. Ok so its not the most lavish buffet. Ok so its not even the best mediocre buffet. But hey it's edible. The price is right, under $5 for breakfast with your Stations Casinos Boarding Pass Card. The selection was not bad. All in all I wouldn't make a special trip out there, but if you are in the neighborhood, give it a whirl. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
1	If this buffet wasn't $4, I would have asked for my money back. NOTHING is made here. It is all frozen goods that get toasted ,baked, reheated and so on. The only redeeming thing is the live egg station where you can have eggs and omelets cooked to order... otherwise I would have gotten stuck with liquid eggs and GAS all the way home to Denver on the 12 hour car ride.
2	I live in Las Vegas, so it goes without saying that I am a big buffet fan. I love buffets so much that it's amazing that I don't weigh 450 pounds. I guess if I had to eat at this buffet, I'd lose weight. It's sort of like a bad cruise ship buffet. Nothing looks too appetizing and nothing tastes too good. I've been here for brunch, lunch and dinner and they all have the same carb-laden, cheap foods (think industrial packaged breads, canned corn, mashed potatoes). The food is simple and not too spicy or salty. It's fine if you need to eat, but don't make a special trip to go here. The lines and lines of old folks out front used to amaze me until I realized they are only eating here because they have a free coupon. Even for free, I'd skip this place.
1	Gross. Just gross.I was hoping that maybe this one was different than the sunset station down the street, maybe a couple of different items but I was wrong. Still the same old crap. I don't know why people pay so much money for these buffets, I would rather pay a little more and go somewhere that is actually going to be good. Over processed, frozen, nasty. Save your money.
3	For the price, it's fair. Service was good at the table, selection was more than adequate. Quality of food isn't that great, but that comes with the price. I'm also a big fan of Mongolian, and they made it their centerpiece, right in the middle of the buffet. Then, for some reason, they hired an employee we'll call "V", mostly because that was the first letter in her name. V  apparently hates her job, hates customers, and hates Mongolia. She seasoned the food with bitterness and hate, and I'm only half surprised she didn't throw my plate at me when she was done.  I was kinda glad it wasn't very good, because I would have dreaded the prospect of interacting with her again. In summary, the buffet is nothing special, but the price is right.  And avoid the Mongolian if you see someone who looks like they would gut you for asking what sauces were available.
4	Not a big buffet eater, however was at the Fiesta casino and was hungry.  Buffet is on the 2nd floor of the casino, not elaborate, but not pricey.  With casino card buffet is about $6, I do not know where you can get juice, coffee, a full meal and desert for that price,I had turkey with a pineapple sauce, which I thought was quite tasty; also bbq chicken on a roasting spit on the day I was there. Ample selection of salads and dressings, pizza which I had a slice, not bad at all.  There was a ample selection of deserts, pies, cookies, pastries and off to the side soft serve ice cream.You can stop at the cheesecake factory and get a cup of coffee for 1/2 the price. You decide.
2	wow you get what you pay for... So the manager site my wife and I in the corner where they didn't have a server to take are drinks or clean off the table when we got a second plate. then the rice was heard, and the chicken was dry, ok they gotta have something!  so I compromised and went for the Mongolian. BINGO it was good or maybe it was just because my taste buds had already been let down that I wanted it to taste good. what Im  saying is you get what you pay for, if you only have a few bucks and don't want micky dees, then the buffet at the fiesta Henderson is the place for you...
