3	It's like Chipotle, except way smaller. ...Or maybe my appetite increased 3 fold.$5 Any Salad on Thursday!
3	Like any other Mexican fast-food restaurant such as Qdoba's or Chipotle. Self-serve salsa for your chips is different. You walk in and hear very enthusiastic welcoming voices shout "Welcome to Moe's!" A good-sized menu and outdoor seating with bouncy chairs. A good fun and casual place if you're craving Mexican food alone or with friends!
5	Moe's is way better than Chipotle or Qdoba.  Moe's offers free chips & salsa with their burritos.  You have to pay extra for this at other places.  They have 5 salsa's available including a tomatillo salsa which I have never seen at any other place.  Their burritos are the same size as any other giant burrito place and the price is comparable.  They also have daily specials.  My favorite. Moe Monday - - Any burrito, chips and a regular drink for $5.55.  Can you get that a Chipotle or Qdoba?  No, I don't think so.  Save money, eat at Moe's.
5	WELCOME TO MOES!!!!  It never fails...you will hear it loud and clear before your second foot even hits the floor upon entering!Great things about THIS LOCATION:CleanlinessWell Stocked Salsa BarHEAPING portions when they make your stuff (I have been to other locations, trust me when I say they are NOT supposed to pile it on like they do at this location)Willingness to make your dining experience perfect and beyond what their price-point is supposed to be.Moe's at Ayrsley?  G-o-o-d T-i-m-e-s!!!!
4	Salsaritas, Qdoba, Chipotle, Moe's. They are the same and they're different. Of the big chain burrito places, it is not easy to choose a favorite. Moe's has a big plus in their column for the unlimited salsa bar, which is, in a word, awesome. I've been here and poured salsa over my nacho chips and just taken the burrito home to have for dinner. The salsas - yes, more than one - are excellent. Flavorful and tasty and yummy.This is a nice little Moe's in Ayrsley. Expect the "Welcome to Moe's" and the magnificent salsa bar. The staff are super friendly and super fast! My Joey Junior burrito was assembled nearly instantly and was the right size to just barely wrap up without spilling contents.Parking can be a bit of a challenge in the evening - the wings place across the way overflows parking into this lot.
2	Why does just about everything in Ayrsley suck when compared to other locations?  Is this development built on some cursed grave site?  The Portofino's is easily the worst of any in the area, the Wild Wing has been shut down twice for serving alcohol to minors and also received some pretty bad inspections scores, and now Moe's is probably the worst of any in the area.  Every Monday is Moe Monday at all Charlotte area locations.  $5 gets you any burrito, chips, and a drink.  Last Monday, we went to Moe's in Ballantyne and were served very healthy burritos, a huge portion of chips, and made our drinks at the Coca Cola freestyle machine.  That Moe's was very busy.  Today I go to Moe's at Ayrsley and received two burritos that were skimpy on the meat and barely a handful of chips, plus no freestyle Coke machine.  I guess that explains why there was only one other customer in the place.  This isn't the first time we have have been less than satisfied at this location, and we have been to several others from north Charlotte to Rock Hilll.  If you're craving Moe's, go to a different one than Ayrsley.
5	Always love Moe's. This one is clean and courteous. A little expensive if you are thinking fast food but well worth the price.
