2	While the tech seemed to do a good job, the facility was poorly managed, and it's apparent that it runs precisely the way management wishes it to run.  First, when setting appointments, they gave me an appointment time that turned out to be a half hour before my actual appointment time.   Then, a few days before my appointment, I received an automated phone call that said something like, "This is Steinberg Diagnostic. Please call us."  The only thing is that they didn't say who the call was for - or what numbers to press in their audiotext system when returning the call.  It was difficult to reach a human to say, "You called my house to speak with someone about something but I don't know who and I don't know what."  They then asked me who in my house might have appointments and that they would look them up.  Eventually, I learned that they were calling to confirm my appointment, but this was a frustrating way to do it.   They then called again yesterday to confirm again and pretended that they had no idea that I had already confirmed.  This morning, when I got to my appointment (early), they lied to me about something, which wound up pushing back my official "check-in" by half hour -- so I wasn't oficially "checked in" for over an hour and a half, and many, many people who arrived later than me were taken before me.  Again, this is simply unacceptable.If you're like me and hate unprofessional behavior, including being lied to and if you also hate having your time wasted, then I'd go somewhere else -- which is what I'll prefer to do in the future.
3	The wait time is horrid. I have been here over an hour already. And its 40 minutes past my appointment. Why? .. . . . . They send sometime out to tell me they are behind. No, really?  Was told ten more minutes. Who knows what it really will be. Kind front desk receptionist. Loss of sitting areas, with more then one waiting room. This is my third so far. . . Come on folks!       I kindly asked a radiologist. Why all these other patients were bring called back before me that had come in long after I did, she responded very rude like, your on a different machine, and closed the door quickly. Have some compassion. Not everyone is okay with getting these scary tests done. IM here for an MRI of my knee (15 minute test) and pelvic (15-30 minute test) ...        .. Very disappointed with this location, I may just need to drive across town for quicker, more friendly service, would service be the right word. Maybe care. Yeah CARE.            The radiologist was extremely friendly and attentive. talked to me thru the testing, (much appreciated) once that was finished had to wait about 25 minutes for my CDS to be completed, much better then lugging the heavy films around.
2	This place has SO many redundancies, it's no wonder it costs so much. Also, their employees should either get a job they enjoy or go through some personality workshops. If I had a choice, I would go elsewhere.
4	I think I got lucky because I had barely any wait time. My check in time was 3:30p, I arrived about 5-10 minutes late. I was done with checkout by 3:52pmCalled back to the next person. By 3:58. I agree there are an excessive amount of steps.However, I was sitting in my car by 4:15pmNot too shabby
5	I had a appt. at 8:30 arrived a bit early was checked in and registered then taken in the back very quickly. Was actually done with my appt. before I was supposed to be there. Staff was very friendly and was a very clean nice location. Even took a moment to let me know they did not see any aliens in me. ( I asked) LOL thanks for making this a nice experience.
5	I have been to a lot of medical facilities in Las Vegas and Henderson and this place is tops! They have customer service down and the staff all seem to love their jobs. I would recommend!
1	Well I was told by my dr that I had a appointment at 8 am well i get here and they lost the order and then they told me I was a a walk in. So now 3 hrs after the time I was told with no timeline in sight.
5	I had a wonderful experience at the Steinberg Diagnostic on Tenaya. I was in and out of there in 30 minutes and it was the least painful mammogram I have ever  had in all of my 65 years! Joan the technician was absolutely wonderful, gentle, kind and very friendly. It's the only place I care to go for diagnostic testing.
4	My overall experience was a positive one.  First of all, this was my first time getting a CT scan.  I was walking in unfamiliar territory and pretty nervous about the whole thing.  The first thing I had to do was to go to this place a couple days before the appointment and pick up a kit which included 2 bottles of barium sulfate to drink prior to the scan.  The lady at the front desk was very helpful.  She took time to explain the written instructions that came with the kit and answered all of my questions to my satisfaction.  So I went home feeling confident with what I had to do with the kit the hours prior to the scan.On the day of the appointment, I still felt nervous but the staff was great.  The lady up front was still polite and then the staff for the billing department impressed me.  By the way, payment was due prior to any procedure.  Let me explain why they impressed me.  While I was waiting to get called to pay, I couldn't help but notice that there was some kind of problem at the desk/window next where I was sitting.  Seemed like an insurance issue... from what it looked like, I was pretty sure this patient did not know the workings of how their insurance was going to pay.  I surely don't understand much about the inner workings of my insurance and would be at a loss if I were in his shoes.  Well long story short, the employee that was helping this patient seemed to make several phone calls and was able to give the patient some instructions and steps to be approved for the procedure.  I thought that was awesome!  Way to help somebody out dude!Then I was called to one of the windows and the person helping me was also really pleasant.  She even sympathized with me for having taken the barium sulfate.  This step was painless and now I'm one more step closer to the scan.I waited for a little longer and then was called and escorted to a smaller waiting room.  Still treading in unfamiliar territory the staff kept things light hearted and was very polite.  Then I was escorted to the scanning room and everything was explained to me including how the machine would talk to me and what I would feel when the iodine was injected via I.V.  The scan took about 5 minutes and I was done.I'm glad to have come to this company for my CT scan.  They must train their staff well because they did an excellent job.   I'm grateful to the staff for making this experience better than what it could have been.
5	Very good service. Very helpful. My M.D. didn't forward an order for an xray as they said they would. The staff (Maria) was very helpful. She called multiple times and got a verbal order to get it done. She could have easily said "sorry you need and order or we can't do anything". She really went the extra mile.
3	I have been to Steinberg Diagnostic medical imaging centers it was, if anything medical is possible, pleasant.
