3	Quickly trying to get ready to go out and desperately in need of fast food led me to go to Noble Roman's Pizza inside Casino Royale. I only ate here because I stayed there. I got a individual pepperoni pizza combo which came with a drink and breadsticks and dip for like $8. Damn, pretty expensive but I was hungry and it did the trick. Unfortunately, I think I ate too much bread because I kept drinking and I think the bread just kept absorbing the alcohol! Haha.
4	Maybe it is just because we don't have any Noble Roman's Pizzas in southern California and therefore eating at one is a special experience for me that I associate with fun times, but I really enjoy eating at Noble Roman's when I am in Las Vegas. Their pizza is good fast food pizza. The crust isn't exactly thin crust, but it is thinner than Pizza Hut's regular hand tossed. It is better than Pizza Hut or any of the other big chains. Their pizza boxes have so much printing on them, including a big paragraph about why you shouldn't turn the box upside down on the bottom of the box. This Noble Roman's is next to a Subway and a Chipotle, Panda Express, and McDonalds are next door. Even with all those choices I chose to eat at Noble Roman's. Like I said, part of it may just be because of the novelty for me and someone from somewhere else might find Chipotle more unique.This location is very tiny. Honestly you could probably only fit two people in there. Casino Royale is expanding and I think they will soon be moving to a larger location at the back of the casino with more seating area. This is a fast food location similar to Pizza Hut Express so it has a limited menu. On the plus side, they do usually have some personal size pizzas ready to go. Cash only.
1	Airline food is better. Oops, I forgot, airlines no longer serve food. This place blows. Point made.
2	Wanted to get a quick bite and stopped by this place. I was not too happy- I paid $8 for a slice of pizza and a drink and the pizza was not very good. It seemed to lack good tomato sauce and I think that's what made it so bland. It is located right on the strip, so I'm sure thats why it was more pricey.
3	I think this place owns the hot dog place, which makes sense.  No one seemed to really like the pizza, and everyone was shooting here for a $2 hot dog.  Too bad the hot dog wieners are slim like slim jims.  Just okay, but great if you are short on time and funds!
4	Ok, so this review is for Noble Roman's HOT DOG, not the pizzal  What you get here is a "foot long" hot dog for only $1.99!The bun is 11" long & the weiner is 13" long in this tasty treat, for only $1.99!  But is it good, you ask?  YES, the taste of the weiner strikes me as like the Hoffy brand one at Pink's down the street (5 Star Chili Dogs!), but up here you're in for a lower price & the comfortable dining area is INDOORS, not out in the heat.  Noble's hot dog is now a staple for me to get a bite to eat between the awesome Buffets here along the Strip.     :-))PS:  Are you an older fuq# wanting to get laid on your visit to Vegas?  THIS is your bar here at Casino Royale!  The babes at the bar here are hot & ready & not prostitutes.  (No further comment!)     :-))
3	Based on Rand's recommendation I stopped here for a foot long hot dog at the exorbitant (lol) price of $1.99.  The hot dog compared in value to the $1.50 one at Chase field and it was ok.  Did not help that the attendants got sort of grumpy when I asked them to put some onions at the condiment station.
1	After drinking probably 12 seagrams on the rocks, my hunger got to me.  I already had a footlong hotdog with chili, but my body was screaming for more food.  I went to the pizza shop and ordered some kind of spicy pizza.  Wasn't feeling it and no I'm not a pizza snob, far from it, I love Totino's frozen pizza for god's sake, but this pizza was probably top 5 of crappy pizza.  The only good thing about it was that it lured me away from the tables long enough to stop giving the casino all of my money.  My advice, stick to the $1.99 footlong hotdogs
3	We were starving and looking for an affordable dinner.  We figured a pizza could not hurt us financially.  Our specialty pizza was made fresh....waited about 10-15min.  The pizza was not bad but sort of cold, considering they made it fresh.   The BBQ wings also came out fresh.  The wings were more like baked style rather than deep fried.  So they were not so crispy but rather soft.  We paid about $26 for a large specialty pizza, 10pc wings and 3 bottles of water.  If you are looking for an affordable junk food on The Strip, besides McDonald's, this would be an option.  Overall, it was not bad.
4	Foot long hot dog with chili, jalapenos and onions for 2 bucks. Loved it! Perfect cheap eats when  hammerosis has set in.
