4	Best salad I've ever had.  Had the roasted beet salad that came with yellow beets, goat cheese, some nuts in a light vinaigrette and a side of french bread.  Scrumptious lunch while at the Phoenix Art Museum!If the service matched the quality of the food here, I would definitely give 5 stars.
4	Good quality food for a cafe located in a museum.  I ordered a raspberry chicken salad which consisted of fresh greens, fresh raspberries, goat cheese, toasted almonds, and raspberry vinaigrette.  At $15.00, it was on the pricier side for a salad but it definitely made for a good, light lunch.  The grilled bread that accompanied the salad was soft and buttery and complimented the meal perfectly.
4	My favorite thing about this restaurant is that they try to support local farmers with their food.  Everything tastes like fine cuisine made at home... a perfect balance.  They have a nice small bar too if you want a cocktail or a beer.
5	I was more than pleasantly surprised by my afternoon lunch here.  I was impressed.  The waiters were terrific: personable yet straightforward, and quick!The food, although a bit expensive, in my opinion, was excellent.  In fact, my Grilled Shrimp Salad was one of the best I have ever tasted!  It was outdone by the dessert, however.  We were encouraged by the Server to try the Coconut Cake, as it was his favorite.  I don't even especially like coconut but it was fantastic!  The cake was dense, the frosting was buttery, and creamy, and not-too-sweet.  The meal was absolutely perfection!I would definitely recommend this, with some time at the museum, for a perfect afternoon!
4	I went here for lunch while visiting the Phoenix Art Museum, as Palette is located in the Museum. Wanting something light for lunch, I ordered a bowl of their Mexico City Style Chicken Tortilla Soup, and it was delicious. Contrary to another reviewer's experience, I didn't find the soup to be bland, although I didn't find it especially spicy either. It was tasty and I would label it as moderately spicy. The cafe itself is beautifully decorated, fittingly with a modernist theme, and the service was prompt and polite. I wish that they had a few more sandwich options on the menu and I thought that $9.00 was a little expensive for a bowl of soup, but overall I had a good experience and would return the next time I visit the Phoenix Art Museum.
5	On Wednesdays the Phoenix Art Museum [PAM] is free, and having dinner at Palette inside P.A.M. makes for a great date night. Palette has something for everyone despite the short menu. I had the grilled chicken caprese sandwich with a side salad and a belgium wheat beer.  My date had the grilled quesadilla and a belgium wheat beer. We sat facing the sculpture garden overlooking the twinkle lights and perfectly manicured lawn.Service was excellent.Now they are expanding the theater so there is construction to the south view...we just didn't face that direction.The only disappointment was that all the beers are in bottles, no tap. However, they have a good selection of wines.
5	Fresh sandwiches, soups, and salads with a focus on organic, local, and seasonal foods.  They have a variety of dishes that will satisfy vegetarians and carnivores alike.  I started out with a mango iced tea ($2.25) which was cool and refreshing, and split the roasted beet salad and the portabella melt (Both $12).  Both were excellent.  The roasted beet salad was huge and had a nice balance of sweet and acidic from the caramelized roasted beets to the sherry vinegar dressing.  It had a good amount of toasted pistachios in it too to provide some added crunch, also included creamy goat cheese crumbles, and came with a toasty buttered slice of crusty bread.  The portabella sandwich came on some nicely toasted bread, and was a nice blend of textures and tastes from the cheese, mushroom, and roasted red bell pepper.  The sweet potato salad was very good as a side.  Service was good, and the ambiance is nice.  The patio looks very scenic, and I'd definitely like to eat here again to take advantage of the nice outdoor setting.
4	I luckily work near by the phoenix museum, so decided to walk with a co-worker for lunch one day.  It's a nice short walk from our office and hte walk through the museum is a small treat.I wish I could write about more than just a bowl of soup, but it was a delicious bowl of soup at the very least.  I ordered the butternut squash bisque.  It was very tasty and enough to keep me satisfied for the rest of the day.Our server was very friendly and attentive.  The restaurant was quite full for being a weekday at lunch.  I will be back.
5	This is my favorite lunch spot and not just because it's across the street from my office. The menu mostly consists sandwiches and salads, as well as a few appetizers and entrees. But don't be fooled into thinking the food is "boring, accessible, business-lunch fare." Far from it. The menu has subdued Southwestern influences and executes everything with skill and grace. The chicken salad sandwich is to die for, as is the pork belly sandwich. Also highly enjoyable are the seasonal quiche, Sonoran chopped salad, barbecue pork sliders, and green chile stew.In sum, this restaurant demonstrates that well-prepared food using fresh, local ingredients might be all you really need.P.S.: Phoenix Art Museum members get 10% off, so join!
3	One of my coworkers suggested a girls' lunch here in May.  This place is located just inside the Phoenix Art Museum (which I didn't know had a cafe).  You don't have to pay admission - just tell one of the museum employees that you're just visiting the cafe and they'll give you a special colored sticker.The cafe is cute and open with lots of windows.  I ordered the the quinoa salad and the grilled cheese and they were wonderful.  The quinoa salad is cold which I didn't expect but it paired well with the grilled cheese.  Expect to pay $20 for lunch because the ingredients are local and natural.    The food was excellent but I will probably only come here once in a while due to the price.
5	This place was a great.  My husband gets credit for picking this place.  He planned a day at the museum and lunch here and it was a very nice experience all the way around.  First we headed over to the restaurant and picked a nice shady spot out on the patio.  It was beautiful outside, the weather was amazing and the view of the sculptures, and greener was very pleasing.  The service was excellent.  They were very quick and helpful suggesting some of the best things on the menu.  My husband had the rueben and the sweet potato salad which was out of this world amazing.  I told our server and he gave me a really nice picture/recipe card for it.  It was a few months ago and I dont remember what I had other than I remember it was so good no complaints from me but what won the whole meal was that insane sweet potato salad.  Whats nice about having lunch here first is that you can tour the museum and burn off those calories.   Also the light rail drops off right in front of the museum.  Another little tip is if you are an MCC student you get into the museum for free.
3	Located inside the Phoenix art museum.  Weird. Lolz but we went anyways. I ordered the bean hummus, oh my lanta, it was delicious.  My sister and I killed it. :) I loved my portobello melt sammich. It was so good. But not too much of the quinoa on the side. :/ it taste so bland and watery..Our waiter was a little slow on our refills, but other than that. It was very good. I'll be back :)
3	We loved the idea of this cafe.  Locally sourced food and a changing menu based on freshly available products.  He had the BBQ Sliders and I had the Chicken Panini.  The BBQ sliders were done well and the bun used was fresh and tasty.  The Chicken Panini was cooked well and the red onions were a great touch.  The sides were the semi-missed out on piece of the puzzle.  The feta and bean salad was just okay, not bad, but not as good.  Considering that it was roughly $10.50 for the sliders and $13 for the panini, it was too much money for the offerings given (total $23.50 for just two sandwich plates - no drinks, no dessert).They had Stewart Root Beer, which was definitely a bonus in my fiancee's book!  Overall: BWe wouldn't mind giving this place another try, but considering the price tag for just sandwiches with just okay sides - we most likely will try other options in the downtown Phoenix area!
4	I visited Palette soon after it opened at 11AM on a Wednesday. I was seated and taken care of right away. Even though I was in a seat that was kind of hidden, my server checked on me every few minutes. I didn't have any of the service issues other people have noted on Yelp, but then, I was also one of the first customers of the day.As for the food--oh my. I ordered the Mission Fig Salad. It was gorgeous. I should have taken a picture of it. The lettuce was green and purple with the full chicken breast neatly sliced to one side. Big crumbles of blue cheese, sliced fig, and candied pecans dappled the outer edge like Christmas presents beneath a tree. The balsamic vinaigrette complemented the sweetness of the figs and pecans in a wonderful way; sweet, but not too sweet. It's a big salad but it's not a heavy salad, not like a chop salad might be at another place. I didn't have any leftovers.Also, it came with a toasted slice of bread. It was perfectly done--crunchy but not hard. It tasted very fresh with just the right amount of butter.The cost ($13.50) was more than most salads at restaurants, but considering the local ingredients, I thought it was quite reasonable. I would absolutely eat at Palette again. I'd love to try some of their other salads.
5	Great menu, friendly waitstaff, artsy atmosphere.  I wish this place were open for dinner and had its own entrance. The Kale salad with salmon was to die for as well as the crab cakes.  Daniel, our server, was very attentive and friendly (and has great hair!) Everybody seemed to really be having a good time that works there. David, the manager was very informative and told us this place is affiliated with The Farm at South Mountain and Santa Barbara Catering Company. It doesn't get much better than this folks.  This is a definite good suggestion for lunch or Sunday brunch.
4	The restaurant inside the Phoenix Art Museum is great!  Lovely set-up, wonderful ingredients and combinations (affiliated with the Farm at South Mountain), pleasant and attentive staff, and reasonable prices - all in all, the best museum restarant I've been to!We stopped in for some drinks and an appetizer between exhibits and were so pleasasantly surprised by food quality (without the inflated prices that usually come with being a captive audience), warm service and atmosphere and we actually planned to come hungry on our next museum visit.  The food around us looked yummy: the sandwiches have great-looking ingredients, the crab cakes look marvelous and have barely any filling (per the server), and the coconut cake is a delightfully generous portion. To top it all off, they have named the menu items to go with their Hollywood Costume theme - hilarious!!
5	We stopped for a nosh after the Hollywood Costume exhibit. A pleasant respite in the sculpture garden. A nice selection of wines and craft brews as well as delectable dishes. Made the museum experience all that much more pleasant.
5	Consistently great healthy food. ... And a few delights like their coconut cake pastries. Yummy!
3	We stopped before leaving the museum for a salad and the warm brie, the food was delicious, however the service was slow as molasses, we were left sitting for long amounts of time before placing our drink order, placing our food order and then while waiting for the food, which was not elaborate.  I've sat at the bar before and just had drinks and that usually goes great so I didn't expect such long waits in the nearly empty dining room.
4	Pleasant atmosphere. Food was very well prepared and the staff very attentive. Wasn't expecting the quality this restaurant delivered being located in the museum itself.
