2	I had the Gyro special and the portion size for the Gyro seemed pretty weak. I'll give this place another try since they just opened and are working out the kinks.
4	I tried the koubideh kabob..the seasoning was excellent and was very filling...im looking forward to trying the chicken kabob next time...there's quite a variety of gyros to choose from.
5	Where should I start! The food was fantastic and the owner and employees were extremely friendly! The gyro meal is phenomenal and the koubideh (ground beef) kabab was one of a kind! You can really tell the items they use are fresh. 5 stars!! Definitely try it out I HIGHLY recommend this place!!!!!!!!
3	Lumpy hummus made with jalapeno & cilantro.  Very lumpy.  They were out of diet coke, and apparently I wasn't the first to discover this because they had the alternative of cans of Coke zero lined up for when customers complained.  Falafel were good, nice and green inside and filled with flavor.  Prices reasonable.  Close at 7pm though, so I guess they're aiming to be a lunch place.
5	I cannot believe I am just discovering this place! I have been to the market next door plenty of times, but I guess I hadn't been since they added the deli.I can't speak for the gyros, but I can speak for the falafel. Amazing. I've had my fair share of terrible falafel. Most places cook it so that it's drier than the desert and has a taste and texture similar to sandpaper. This is not the case at Saffron. It's the complete opposite, actually. I hate using the word moist, but it's moist. It is loaded with flavor and actually tastes like falafel. Most places also drown falafel wraps in tahini, which makes the falafel even drier. Again, not the case at Saffron. Not an ounce of tahini in sight.I got hummus and tzatziki on the side. Both amazing as well, especially when paired with the fries. Which, I should mention, are also amazing.Definitely going here again.
5	Hands down the best koubideh kabob I have ever tried. You can taste the freshness from the first bite!! Where else can you get koubideh with rice and a tomato for $8 and have it taste miles better than persian room?? Also the gyro is absolutely one of a kind!! The staff is so friendly and they really show that they value everyone's business. DEFINITELY GOING TO STOP BY AGAIN!
5	Saffron Deli and Cafe is closed. At this location there is now Alladin Mediterranean Restaurant. Delicious!
1	Now they separated the restaurant from market and both under new ownershipI walked in and walked out of the restaurant called Aladdin Mediterranean.Gyros are grilled processed meat not from a real spit. Soda machine tasted awful.Such a travesty that Caspian left us this.
1	Yuck -- the owner and everything else changed - it's called Alladdin or something like that now. Walked and right back out -- foods no good anymore...
