5	The name says it all!  The salon is FILLED with art.  Everywhere you look, there is something to look at!  It's very industrial.  There's even a VW bus inside!The staff is super-friendly and very knowledgeable.  If you want something cutting-edge in hair, this is the place to go!Tad, the owner, is a staple of the Phoenix arts scene.  On Saturdays, they have a live DJ spinning tunes.
5	I went 4 months without a haircut just so that  Ali could cut my hair when she got back from filming the secret reality show that she's in.  Love these folks, I would hang out with all of them outside the salon.  I have a cold and my brain doesn't work well enough to write a good review, sorry.  I'll write more on decongestant.
5	I hadn't gotten my hair done professionally in about 2 years, but I decided to make an exception just so I would have an excuse to go into Way Cool. I live nearby and everytime I would drive by and see the solidarity manican, I just wanted to pop in and see who frequents the place. I got my hair done with Stephanie. She was super conscientious and was meticulous about the cut.  She didn't do anything drastically different but improved upon what I had and made my color look a lot more professional. I would highly recommend them. The mix of people and stylists was cool. It was pretty crazy to see some punk rocks teens, queer folks, and a Scottsdale woman all chillen in the same salon. Made me appreciate it even more. The kitsch, bohemian, post-industrial art feel does a lot for the place too. Check it out for sure.
2	ArtsyDecent priceone of the worst haircuts of my life.You will not see me there again.
5	I love this place and highly recommend it.  Darci was my stylist and did a great job.  When I went in the only thing I knew was that I wanted bangs and she helped me figure out the rest.   I've gotten tons of compliments and will def. be going back again.
5	This place rocks!I just moved here and was nervous about finding a new stylist.  I had been going to the same guy for the last 8 years.  Fear no more - Way Cool/Hair Pollution took care of me.The good vibes flowed from the first phone call I made.  They were smart and professional over the phone.  Although they were efficient and didn't waste my time, they also took time to ask me the right questions about what I needed in a cut and stylist.  They asked good questions and were smart about who they paired me up with.  I also got an appointment within two days - no long wait.I got hooked up with Darci.  She listened to what I loved about my previous style and also tuned in to what I didn't love.  She restated what I said I wanted just to make sure she got it all.  I basically wanted my regular haircut but a little more sassy.  (My old stylist used to play it safe.)  She gave me the edgy, piecey cut I was looking for.  I think it is remarkable that she gave me the haircut I was looking for and could do that cut really well.  But I think the best part is the way she listened and tried to make it exactly what I wanted.  That makes me think she could do the same for anyone and any cut.  I left there feeling great about my new look.I waited a few days to write the review because I wanted to be sure that I could still feel like a rock star when I styled it myself.  I have to say - wow!  I have worn it curly, wavy, straight, blown out, flat ironed and air dried  I even took this cut to humid frizzville Atlanta and it stood up to the test.And price to value, there's no beating it.  I was used to paying double for my cut in Miami.  As Amanda B. said, there was even a $10 discount for the first cut.  30 bucks for a cut I am this happy with, I can hardly believe it.  I have to thank the previous reviewers because you guys convinced me I would like it here.I am disappointed that they don't offer any other salon services, not even simple waxing.  But I couldn't even knock them a star for that.  They don't purport to be a full service salon - it would just be nice.
4	Went here last Thursday for hair cut.  I actually looked on Yelp to see which place was getting some hot reviews and gave them a call.   I'd also been meaning to check out Gold Mine (Gold Lion re-opened as Gold Mine inside the salon).The interior was a little rough and edgy, but I liked it!  Lots of graffiti, an old car was attached to the wall, my hairdresser said that the place gets moved around a lot.  She also said that they often have DJ's in there, which sounds pretty cool to me, but luckily they were playing a mix of Muse, Interpol, and Coldplay!I am growing my hair to my booty so I can donate it and help cancer patients have nice heads of hair while they are going through treatment.  My mom had breast cancer, but this summer is her two year cancer free mark!  Yay!So basically I needed a trim, some style and had been contemplating bangs for a while...  got the bangs, got a fantastic trim, not too much off the ends but it's super healthy now!I'm pretty sure her name was Samantha (I knew I should have written this last week), but she was lovely to chat with.  AND when I told her I was going on a romantic date to a jazz lounge with boyfriend who was sleeping in one of their chairs, she gave me a fantastic do... pinned up  with big curls!  I looked great!I will be going back... soon... I'm sure my bangs will need a trim in a few weeks!
3	I went here based on all the red-hot Yelp reviews. I made my appt with Darci, since she is said to know how to "funk-up" a 'do. Right on. I went in with an idea of what I wanted. I can honesty say Darci delivered. It was a shock to walk out of there with short hair, though. Yes, I wanted a cut. I wanted something manageable for the summertime. And yes, I'd say it was kinda funky, too, with the pieces in front - those framing my face - were quite longer than the ones in the back, which were now cut above my nape. Darci did a great job on delivering what I asked for. I'll give her that. She even explained how/why she'd have to cut it short to accommodate what I wanted. Fair enough. She asked questions, which I appreciated, so that I would leave there without super short bangs. I told myself to wait a few days before reviewing the place. Come to find out, my style was hard to, well, style. Even with the Sexy Hair product I picked up at the salon. That's when I became disappointed and took it upon myself to snip here and snip there at home to create the look I was going for. It didn't take much. Just a few extra minutes and a little off at the front... and then I LOVED my cut. Except for the bangs. It's been over a month since my cut here and I'm JUST NOW liking them. Go figure. I don't think that should be the case. Am I right?As for service, it was top-notch, all the way around. The interior of the place is cool. There was no DJ on the Saturday I went. Just a Depeche Mode CD that decided to skip. Funny... I do love the graffiti on the side of the building. I didn't get any "new customer $10 discount" I read about here, which was another draw to this place. My cut cost me $40. They were having a great sale on hair products, so I picked up a spray wax. In total, with the cut, the product and tip, I walked out spending $60. Not bad! Would I go back? Well... I'm already looking around for another salon to try. So, does that tell you anything? I would go back, yes, if I can find nothing else, for Darci is cool and the haircut I got here was okay. Nothing I ended up doing back-flips over. But, I've had much worse.As for these Yelp reviews... I gave Darci and "You've Been Yelped Card," especially since at her booth, she had a little CitySearch flyer, plugging how people love Way Cool Hair. I figured it was about time she knew about Yelp, since it's what brought her and I together.
5	I needed a new stylist... someone who I would look forward to going back to. Went in for a cut. I made my appointment with MEGAN because of the good things I had heard about her here on Yelp. I was definitely beyond happy with the service. She was very friendly, but not the fake "I want a tip" friendly. She asked the right questions about my hair, and even knew how to work with my dreaded 'cowlick'. My hair is really straight but thick, and she made the cut where it lays just right for my hair type and face shape. Also, about the name... the name has just been update from "WAY COOL HAIR" to "WAY COOL HAIR POLLUTION"- same place, same great owner- Tad, and same great music. Thanks Megan for the great cut! I would recommend her to anyone- especially those of you with harder to deal with hair issues.
5	Well, I was going to give Megan a rave review, but I see someone else has already done it for me!  She did a great job - I am really pumped about my hair now.  She was also really easy to talk to.  :)The salon itself is a really cool space.  They had a DJ there - Megan said they always do on Saturdays.I think I've found my salon.  :)
3	I've been going to hair pollution or about a year now and I like it, but I don't love it--i think it's probably time for me to move on. i love the atmosphere and most of the stylists are super-friendly. I love julia she reminds me of one of my best friends from home which is probably why i've continued going there as long as I have. i got a last minute appointment with megan after many weeks of out-growth and really stubby un-cute ponytails. julia was out in NYC being schooled on the world of bumble & bumble, which the salon is now exclusively using since june (which I think may have bumped up their prices because my cut was 50% higher than usual. that's fifty.) Megan was very friendly and easy to talk to, but i felt the cut was less meticulous than i have previously received at the salon and I ended up re-straightening my hair when i got home before i left to class. I think i like the cut, but styling was a little more soccer mom (which really surprised me) than funky, fun, 21 year old which I like to think is more me! I would say my main reason i will probably start going elsewhere is I keep waiting to walk out of the salon, feeling awesome & sexy, but I've never had that moment here, so I'm going to keep searching.
5	This used to be my go-to salon when I lived in Phoenix. Back then it was called 'Way Cool'. My stylist was Stephanie.... she is such a sweet person and always gave me a creative do that was awesome but tame enough to wear in my office job. I miss Stephanie so! I have had a hell of a time finding a good stylist here in Chicago that is not heavily overpriced. Next time I'm in town, I'm making an appointment with Stephanie!
5	Whatever this place is currently called it kicks some major ass. I was rocking what we in the nerd world like to call "The Gaiman Fro" a la Neil Gaiman. Turns out that is not the most attractive look on just anyone so I decided it was time to get it cut.The girl who generally cuts my hair is out om maternity leave. Effing twins are making my hair bad so I decided to give someone else a shot. I am afraid to try new people as I have curly hair that is thin despite there being lots of it and my head is lopsided and I can't grow the top inch of my sideburns.  My regular girl knows how to combat all of this. It turns out Chris at Hair Pollution has "The Gift". He gave me input and let me work with the length that I had been working on but make it not look like a sloppy mess of ick.My hair doesn't even look shorter just better! Chris rocks!
5	Best salon in Arizona. I've been going there three years and counting. They always have the best stylist hard at work (specifically Stephanie and Samatha). These are some of the coolest people you'll meet. The owner Tad is the man and also a great stylist. Hair Pollution is by far one of the most unique and artistic establishments I've ever seen. Thumbs up from me!-@!
5	This salon is fun and funky! Megan Roth cuts and colors my hair and she is by far the best stylist I have encountered in Phoenix over the last ten years ( and i have been to many so called upscale Scottdale salons) Megan is qualified and will not overcharge you, she will be on time and give you a great haircut! Go see Megan!
5	Anyone who knows anything about me knows that I could very well be the most picky person when it comes to my hair and who cuts it!!! I discovered this salon, and Chris Phillips purely by accident one day when I decided to accompany a friend to her hair appt. I was a few weeks away from a scheduled hair appt with someone else but asked for an impromptu trim up to get me through. It was then that I met Chris. He gave me what a I'll call a mini-hair shape up but he did such a fabulous job, that I ended up cancelling my appointment with my regular stylist. I just had my first full cut and color appointment with Chris and he is a brilliant stylist!!!  Both the cut and color are right on--he did a beautiful job!! My hair is short and fine.....and I can never find someone who can really texturize my hair the way I like it! I'm waking up every day now with a smile, having good hair days!!!! Chris and Way Cool get my highest praise!! :) I plan to be his newest loyal client!!
5	Whoa snap, its my first review on yelp, ever. Here we goooo! (Actually I just realized I reviewed some other place almost a year ago back in CA, whoops!)I recently just moved to Phoenix from the Bay Area,CA about 6 months ago and I have been skeptical on getting my hair done out here because my hairstylist back in Cali was not only awesome, she was cheap! I flew back to Cali 3 months ago to visit and that was the last time I had my hair done, and lets say I was overdue for a cut! Being a huge fan of Yelp, I yelped curly hair friendly salons, and what pops up? Hair Pollutions! I am pretty darn anal about my hair, because its thick, really wavy/curly, and just different (thanks to my mixed race background, Woot! Woot!) Anywho, first and foremost, if it weren't for my GPS, I probably wouldn't have found this place, the sign is somewhat small, but I did keep my eyes out for an artsy looking building which did help as well! The inside is a giant eye f**k, quite awesome I must say, really artsy, something to keep your eyes roaming around thats for sure! The staff is super friendly and music was cool as well. I booked an appointment on the same day, got there about 10 minutes early and Darcy, my stylist started on me right away which was cool. Like I said before, I have weird hair, so I was scared like poop and crossing my fingers that this chick wouldn't butcher my long hair, but in the end, she did a fantastic job! She took her time, asked a LOT of questions to make sure I was getting what I wanted, and incorporated a little bit of her style which was cool! I must say I was freaking out at first cuz the razor cuts I normally get back in CA were like half an inch, not much, but Darcy was taking out like 1 to 2 inches (it looked like it!) but when it was all set and done, my hair came out awesome! The cost wasn't too bad, only about 8 bucks more than what I paid back in CA, it was $45, wash, cut, and style (I normally get charged even more cuz i have a lot of hair! So that was cool!)  I'll be back in 6-8 weeks this time for sure! Thanks Darcy, you did a great job!!!
3	Hair Pollution is funky and cool.  But is that all a salon needs?  No...it also needs good hair stylists.  Like, for example, stylists that listen to what you want and will do exactly that.  My stylist, unfortunately, talked me out of the haircut I wanted, and gave me a haircut that will take some getting used to.  I wanted layers.  She said layers would make my fine hair look to wispy.  I've had a 'do with layers before, and I loved it.  But I thought, what the hay, she may know what she's talking about and give me a kick-ass 'do.  I don't like it.  The bangs I had carefully selected from a magazine are only cute when combined with the layered cut depicted in the mag.  NOT cute by themselves.  It seemed like something she should have warned me about.It's not a horrible cut, and it wasn't terribly expensive ($45 -- my last salon charged $55).  I'll probably go back, but I will either limit the stylist's creative license, or else ask for someone different.
5	I've finally found a stylist that fits me!  Darci!  She's very friendly, unpretentious, and laid back.  More importantly, she was able to give me the cut I wanted.  My previous stylist got close, but my cuts just didn't have the finishing touches that I wanted.  Darci was able to pick up on those, though.  She did a great job working with my fine, limp hair.
5	I never really like getting my hair done by strangers, but it turned out I was going to the wrong places.  Way Cool Hair Pollution is a really fun salon that has a hip and arty ambiance without being snobby.  The stylists are meticulous and know what they are doing.  The first time I went, my sister who has been a hair stylist for years tagged along, and even she said she was impressed by the result and the process.  I've had appointments with Julia and Darcy, and they both did a really great job on the cut.  I was a little more pleased with how Darcy was able to style my hair which is curly underneath and straight on top.  She did these little twists between her fingers and then used the diffuser to dry.  It was the first time I didn't step out of a salon with either straightened hair (I never straighten my hair), or 1980s crunchy curls. The curls were perfectly formed but still looked natural, and it's something I can easily emulate at home.   I will definitely be coming back and have already recommended it to a friend who also loved it.  The prices are semi-reasonable.  I've paid the same at places like Ulta and JCPenney salon and the results aren't half as good.
5	Hair Pollution is friendly and very professional. Love the atmosphere, the art on the walls, and all the stylists' unique looks.Props to Chris Phillips! He's a friendly guy and I ALWAYS enjoy my experience with him. He is an amazing stylist and always does a fabulous job! I won't go to anyone else.Stop by and check it out!
5	Ive gone to WayCool for years now for mulitple reasons whether its a getting my hair done for a photoshoot or for my own personal cut. CHRIS always cuts my hair beautifully. Last time I went in, I didnt have a precise idea what I was going to do with my long red locks. My hair was so long,  I had to make a change, and cut at least 7 inches off. I was so worried because of past experiences Ive had with other salons. Chris saved the day not only getting me to cut all the 7 inches, which I knew I had to but definitely didnt want, and combined my style with what would actually work with my face shape. Everyone loved it just as much as I did. Even when he styles my hair for photoshoots, his creativity never ceases to amaze me. Along with Darci as well.... Ive only worked with her once for a shoot but she did a wonderful job.Needless to say, everyone at WayCool know exactly what theyre doing with this great alternative feel that Phoenix doesnt have in salons anywhere.OH! AND THANK YOU FOR GOING BUMBLE&BUMBLE on us. BEST DECISION YOU GUYS MADE!
5	Samantha has been working with my hair since I moved to Phoenix a few years ago. I will admit freely that I am picky, and I am prone to growing my hair out for a year, only to want it cut into a pixie on a moment's notice. I like experimenting with color, too. All of that to say that Samantha is awesome, and Hair Pollution is a fantastic place to get my hair done. Whether my hair is long or short, Samantha intuitively knows how to make my hair look stylin'. I have this terror of appearing frumpy, but I know I never have to worry about that when I go in for a new 'do. I went back to short hair on my last visit, and I love the cut sooo much. The color also is so skillfully done. Chestnut brown with copper streaks. So much fun. I have to post pictures of the cut to demonstrate the level of awesomeness. The cut is an asymmetrical pixie with a great tail in the back. Love it.
4	I waited until my second cut with Julia before posting.  I was really happy with my first cut, and as it grew out - it still looked good and was easy to style.  PLUS she was really helpful about showing me how she did what she did  so that I could replicate it at home.  The difference between a good cut and a good style - well, I get both with Julia, but this is the first time since moving here that I can say that.  I'm glad to have found her - oh, and the scalp massage while my hair is being washed and conditioned - yeah - I would come here JUST for that!  I'm usually close to nodding off in the chair which is GREAT because I'm not really into small talk (ok, at least not all the time esp when I'm relaxed.  Enough chatter, already!!!).  Again, not a problem here - she's really nice and not a nag - hahaha.  Thanks, Julia, you rock!
4	Being relatively new to the area I use Yelp to find many of my service so I like to give a review back in return.  I found this place as a result of Yelp and I am so glad I decided to go.  The neighborhood is in transition (it looks a little sketchy).  At the front door you see the mod duct tape chairs at the entrance, you go into what looks like a recycle gallery of functional open space.  Gallery hip-hop.  Everywhere you look there is something new to see. I went in and got my hair cut on a Saturday and consulted with Alison, as she cut my hair, on color.  I wanted something bold but would still work in my more conservative downtown job.  We made an appointment for that following Friday.  Wooohooo I got what I wanted and she even worked through the cut again after the color to make it "pop".  Don't expect a super cost cutter price.  I paid 40 for the cut and 80 for the color.   Pretty typical for a more high end salon.  Alison was great!  And as sat and watched the other stylists at work, they all had satisfied customers with great hair.
5	Great cut. I recently moved to Phoenix and have been looking for the right salon. It's hard as we all know! Called up and got an appointment the next day. Jorge listened to exactly what I wanted and gave me the perfect cut and style. Only 4 stars because I'll need to go back to make sure they're consistent. But definitely going back!Went back. Better cut than the first time. Customer for life!
5	I took my teenage daughter for a haircut today at Hair Pollution.  She is thrilled with her cut and could not have been happier.  WayCool aka Hair Pollution is an awesome shop.  We researched other salons before choosing this one and I am so glad we went there.  So many salons are about promoting themselves and who and what they know.  This salon is about getting the job done without all the fluff.  Chris did an amazing job and took a ton of time perfecting her cut.  The salon has a cool artsy vibe that doesn't usually exist in Phoenix.  We will definitely return again in the future.
5	Once again, Sam proved that haircutting is an art form. I love Hair Pollution!
4	Chris is great!!!  He touched up the roots of my hair ( I have highlights) and toned it down a bit.  My hair looked brassy (reminded me of hay) before and now it looks amazing!!!! So natural looking.  Price is very reasonable.  What a unique place.. I am definitely coming back!!However, this one receptionist girl in the front rolled her eyes when I mentioned one of the bumble bumble product was expensive! and I was just talking to myself not even to her! god.. she kinda ruined my happy visit a bit in the end.
5	Best hair color and cut I have ever had.  Samantha is fantastic.  I've never had red highlights that I've loved, but these were it.  And I went in there with very vague ideas of what I wanted done, and she went with them and did a great job.  The ambiance is awesome too - always neat artwork on the walls and interesting music.  Prices are reasonable, too.
5	Just got back from Hair Pollution, and it was worth EVERY penny. Yes, it was a bit pricey, but it was actually cheaper than the price that I had worked up in my head. I paid for an excellent hair color/cut/and style at a trendy professional salon. Samantha knows how to cut hair, and she was awesome with color. She took the time to listen to my concerns and made me actually like me again. I have no need to go anywhere else ever again, that is unless Samantha moves because I would follow her anywhere!They also called to remind me of my appointment which I appreciated. I also didn't have to wait at all, as soon as I sat down, I was getting up to start my appointment.
5	This place is the best, hands down...I give much LOVE and respect for Tad the owner, he cuts hair like no one else i know in the world..His hands move in a way so fast you cannot even see thim, Tad scissorhands of the business!I used to work for him, when the place was by the library back in the day..He was sweet, caring, amazing, and taught me a lot...He runs a business like he would love his family, deeply..All the other ppl i worked with were sweet an warm as well..I say go, an tell ALL your friends, your hair will love you, everyone will wanna be you and you will feel sexy as hell...Plus it is a fun place to be, lots to look at...My kinda place hands down..
5	My hair was in serious need for a fixin'! The blonde layer on the bottom was fried and frazzled and I have a lot of hair so it was so heavy. I made an appointment with Samantha unfortunately I got lost on the way there and she waited as long as she could and had to leave. To redeem myself for my rescheduled appoint I came bearing cupcakes. Sprinkles cupcakes nonetheless.   It's a really relaxing warm environment. Very low stress. The staff wears their heart on their sleeve and they offer you soda and water as they do your hair. Everything around you looks like it came out of an adventurous dream. There is an artsy tree like structure with magazines hanging from it you can draw on the walls in the bathroom. This place is an expression in itself. Samantha was awesome she dyed my hair very well and the cut works really well with my face shape.  I almost didn't want to leave, and Samantha is amazing at her craft.
5	Came in to see Stephanie from a friend`s referral and I`m so glad that I did!! SHe did the most amazing job on my hair!! Rescued it from a sea of dak brownish black red and reformed it into a gorgeous shade of dark red that I have wanted for the longest time. Plus gave me an amazing cut! I felt so lovely afterwards!! I love this place! Features local artists, jewelry and attire plus the decor is so unique and incredible! I will be back for more, thank you Stephanie!!
5	I selected this salon because it was relatively close to where I live, but I continue to go back because the service is amazing and Megan somehow gets my hair to look great!Megan's done a wide variety of cuts and colors on my hair (dark brown to very light blond) and I've not yet had a color or style which didn't work.  I'm now in the "growing out from chin length to mid-back" and just got a cut and color to help - I can't believe how much I love it.  In fact, it looks good enough, I wore no makeup out, which is a huge feat!The hours are great, the location is close, the actual shop itself is crazy fun, and everyone there seems relaxed and enjoying what they're doing.  It makes me feel young and hip when I go there :).
5	My hair was a mess....poorly cut from another stylist; random layers on one side and none on the other. I was referred to hair pollution by a friend and I was desperate. Megan was my stylist and I am so freakin thankful that she was. She let me explain exactly what was wrong with my hair and even pointed out things I hadnt even noticed. I gave full reign to this woman and she came through for me.  She walked me through everything she did; explaining the cut and all the products she was using. I left with the best haircut ever. My hair is healthy and manageable. I can shower and run out the door and it still looks fabulous. If you check this, THANK you MEGAN. I was the girl graduating from nursing school. I will come back to you again!!
5	I decided to try this place because I attended a fashion show where this salon donated their services. I was so impressed with the quality of hairstyles I had to check it out. This is my favorite salon in the Valley. It's got such a fun and friendly vibe. I have been there several times and tried several stylists. Every single one of them was fantastic, friendly, and willing to show me different ways of styling. The shampoo experience is reason enough to come here. They massage your head forever! :) I actually fell asleep once. They take their time cutting and don't rush me out every time. I usually go in never knowing what I want and LOVE every haircut I get there. It's always something different and modern. I've been to places like Dolce where the stylist couldn't wait for me to leave as soon as I arrived, was unfriendly, and gave me a basic cut that looked straight out of 1998. This place doesn't disappoint. Give a try, it will be worth it. The prices are comparable to other salons, their cuts are a bit cheaper than what I've seen at other salons too. Love it!
5	Prior to the young mans arrival he'd found himself at a loss for words as to how he wished his unruly fro to be changed, all he'd had was the faith that this hair artist, whom he'd heard through rabid word of mouth, would take charge- and with a vision all his own, not just cut, nay but create a whole new head of hair for him to leave the salon tall and proud and better than when he'd come in. Jorge was an artisan of hair, quiet and humble, he let his work do the talking for him. With a string of well phrased questions he posed to the young lanky man dressed in a ensemble of anachronisms he determined the perfect battle plan. After a thorough shampooing and conditioning of his shaggy head he set about his plan of attack and for the next hour or so whittled away at the bushy mass. The artist at work shears in hand; a careful penetrating eye, intuition reigning powerfully in his confident mind; he sculpted the gangly young man's tangled mass of black ringlet and cowlick with a swift deftness that left no lock untouched. And as the day darkened into evening and the young patrons neck grew stiff with rigidity, Jorge looked upon his creation and it was good. With a flourish he whirled the barber chair so that his customer saw his work and a tell tale grin flashed upon his lips: he was pleased with his work, not only pleased but thankful. Whether or not Jorge knew it- he'd made a new client, and that client just so happened to be as loyal as the terrier he owned, whose fur, some had remarked, looked as similar as his owners: no longer.
4	Hair Pollution is a super funky salon located in a pretty shitty part of town. I've driven by almost daily for the past year and a half and always wondered what such a cool looking place was doing here.I desperately needed a haircut and decided to finally satisfy my curiosity. I called in the early afternoon on a Monday and they were able to get me in later that afternoon. That in itself is worth a bonus star - open Monday AND able to fit you in? Win.I was assigned a stylist at random and wasn't sure what to expect. I'm feeling very lucky now that Samantha cut my hair because she did a great job and I feel great about how it looks.  She took her time to talk to me about what I wanted, what she could do and helped me plan for future cuts.The best part of the whole experience was that a super good haircut was only $35. I've paid far more at other salons but never actually gotten anything for that extra expense. I am now a Hair Pollution fan and will be seeing Samantha for all my cuts. You should too!
5	Julia ROCKS!! I had gave her more parameters then instructions and she made my hair look AWESOME!! The decor is cool to look at while you're being colored, cut, blown dry or whatever. They don't push product on you. They have a wide range of client types and accommodate all of them. Everyone was up beat and happy (a few back handed 'joke' type comments from one of the assistants, but it takes all kinds right?) I'm totally going back, and telling friends.
5	Had my appointment with Samantha at Hair Pollution and I was definitely wow-ed. I've had long hair all my life and have been contemplating getting a short cut for a long time. Samantha really seemed to care about the things I was looking for and was very supportive, as I was nervous about the big change. She was really good at education so that I could reproduce the style at home, and she didn't oversell products. I will definitely be going back.
5	Everytime I come here I always walk out feeling like a rock star! Stephanie T. works her magic and gives me the best cut and color every time!! Love this place!!
5	I've been back to see Samantha again and the compliments about my hair have not let up. She's friendly, fast and great conversation. Oh yeah, she does a great job cutting hair too.I love this salon with its funky vibe and cool art. Make a point of checking it out if you are fortunate enough to live in CenPho.
1	Based on all the great reviews on Yelp, I decided to give the salon a try. I was getting married in 2 months, and hadn't had anything done to my hair in over 6 months. I knew I had to get the ball rolling, if I was going to have my hair looking good by wedding. I made the appointment for 2 weeks before my bridal shower. I told the stylist I didn't want to go to overboard, but had always like my hair in a shade of red. When she finished my hair, I was in shock. It looked horrible. It was bright red, like Ronald McDonald in the front and lighter in the back. It was NOTHING like she had described it beforehand. I know I should've complained and asked for her to fix it, but I didn't have a lot of confidence at that point. I had to wait 2 weeks, to get my hair fixed at another salon, which ended up costing me quite a bit, if you factor in the $160 I paid for the crappy do, and the $100+ I paid to have it fixed! During those 2 weeks I had to wait to fix my hair I have never had so many people ask me what I had "done" to my hair, and not in a complimentary way! I would never go back!
5	This place is just simply awesome. My favorite indulgence is having my hair blown out. They did a tremendous job when I was visiting there last year. You'd think that everyone could do a blow out and style, but doing it right really is an art, and they did a wonderful job. I can't wait to come back to Phoenix and see them again.
5	Sketchy location? Yes. Loud? Sure, if you're over a certain age group. But this is quickly redeemed by the coolness of the salon, the friendliness and talent of the staff, and the fact that they carry the products they use (yay, B&B!).I've been seeing Megan and Jorge (depending on who is available, because I always manage to desperately need my hair done before something important) for two years now. Before that, I was putting my fine but plentiful, curly hair in the hands of someone who bleached the cuss out of it and then traumatized it with a straightener for years. Having no hair IQ, I had no idea the extent to which my hair was injured. On my first visit, Megan went through 100 questions about my hair - what it does on its own, what I want it to look like, my hair routine, how often do i shampoo, what do I use, etc - and then explained the condition of my hair (extremely, very, incredibly bad). Two years later, after learning to embrace my curl, I am on the path to healthy hair. I get compliments all the time, even when I haven't been to the salon in forever. Megan and Jorge have truly revived my sad, sad locks and brought my head back to life.As to the particular stylists, from my experience: Megan is as chatty as you are comfortable with. I've gone when I was exhausted and just wanted to sit, and she didn't force me to talk. I've also gone when I was feeling friendly and outgoing, and she carried on conversations with me. I even overheard her one time, when I was being tended to by Jorge and Megan was working on a friend of mine, discussing political theory (not that I'm shocked she's that smart, but it's just different from the general stylist chit chat, and I was very pleased to hear it!) Megan is awesome and truly aspirational for this curly girl. I loved the way she did my hair, although I did learn that I did not like short bangs with my curly hair. It's cool, I just let them get longer and straighten them with my fingers now. Megan taught me to help my hair curl and showed me how to touch up stubborn ends, and then she hooked me up with the products she used. See? Awesome. Don't expect her to spin you away from the mirror while she performs spells and does whatever stylists do to work their mysterious magic - she will teach it to you. If you are in need of any help and guidance with your hair, I highly recommend Megan.Jorge is a 180 from Megan in that he is much more reserved. If you want chit chat, you'll have to pry it out of him, but 99% of the time, I am okay with that. He is meticulous and devoted to your hair. The first time I saw him, he discussed the state of my hair, and because it was still in the early stages of its path to amazingness, he wasn't comfortable inflicting color on it. I accepted his knowledge and said I was fine with that. Several moments of silence later, he asked if I was mad at him for not wanting to color my hair. That is my favorite thing ever about him and I think that sums up my impression of Jorge pretty well.As to the sound - no, this is not necessarily a "relaxing" place, but if you are coming to Hair Pollution, it isn't because you want to relax. Look at the pictures - do you think you are going to hear a water feature and Enya? No. That is what spas are for. If you want to feel pampered, go to a spa in Scottsdale. If you want your hair done by people who know it and respect it, go to Hair Pollution.  Megan is back from maternity leave now, but on a part time basis. I just made an appointment and she was booked out until the middle of next month. In my fashion, I need my hair done before then, so I made my appointment with Jorge, and after reliving my Hair Pollution experience, I can't wait. He's agreeable to coloring my hair now.
5	I'm just going to throw the 5 star rating out there, risky as it may seem for a hair salon. Hair Pollution already has tons of glowing reviews, so I'll keep this short. NATE & MEGAN = WINNERSDon't doubt it, just do it.
5	Very well run, and visually pleasing salon.
5	Stephanie from Hair pollution really took great care of me and help my bad dreads, I am so happy with her and her services I plan to retune and refer her as much as possible. WOW I am so impressed with her work. My Dreads are amazing!Thank you Thank you!
5	Tad and his staff are amazing.  A friend convinced me to finally try Hair Pollution after she continually came to work with gorgeous and creative styles.  I had recently had hair trauma so was very leery of anything at all.  After 8 months of not allowing anyone to touch my hair I followed her in.  I am so so Soooo glad I did.  Tad knew exactly what had gone wrong in my previous cut and color, how to remedy it and I left feeling and looking like a million bucks.  I have never had so much fun at a salon either.  The scalp massage alone was worth going.  I also found the price for services incredibly fair.  I cannot wait to go back!!!  Faith in humanity restored. ;)
5	Nate is more than AMAZING! I only write reviews on places that are either mind-blowingly awesome or absolutely awful so it speaks volumes that I'm writing this review. Hair Pollution is the epitome of what I believe salons should be. A fun, relaxed, creative environment where everyone is themselves. I went in today after my hair got butchered by a beauty school student (I know...I know...) so I frantically called Hair Pollution and they fit me in immediately. I saw Nate and I will never see anyone else. He fixed my hair, let me know of different ways and how I can style my new do and he was just the nicest guy all-around. I moved to Phoenix in March and have been really really struggling to find a hair stylist that could even compare to my stylist of 12 years in my home state and Nate proved more than capable of handling my massive head of hair. He guarantees his hair cuts and does free bang trims for existing clients as well. Hair Pollution is a prime example of a diamond in the rough. Yes, the location is sketch, but you will NOT leave dissatisfied. PLEASE GO, it will change your life! : )
1	Too bad, close by and after reading other reviews just called and tried to book an appointment and couldn't.Not a big fan of giving out my name, phone number, and credit card to someone I've never met or a place I've never been...
2	I'll make this short & sweet. My appt. was at Noon, but got started at 12:25. Why you ask? I watched the hairdresser shave her arm pits & primp for work while I sat and waited. Why did I stay? ONLY because I needed my hair trimmed that bad! Of course the only time she had a sense of urgency was while she cut my hair. The cut was sub par, but she is lucky I have Crystal Gayle length hair so will hardly be noticeable. The are two reasons for 2 stars - 1. The gentleman who greeted me was super friendly. And 2. The stylist giving dreads to her client was cool as ice. NEVER going back. Too bad because it has a cool atmosphere & tons of potential, but I think they're getting a little too laid back & forgetting about customer service!
5	I got my hair hacked at another salon and was in desperate need for hair repair. I was working late on a Saturday and Hair Pollution was the only salon I could find that stayed open after 6pm. I called to book an appointment and they booked me with Amber. The hair salon isn't in the best neighborhood but I wasn't scared for my well being. The interior design inside is really funky and reminded me of something you would find in LA. Amber listened to my story about the bad experience I had at another salon and assured me she could fix the damage. She started off by washing my hair and gave  me the best head massage ever! After that we discussed how I style my hair and what I'm looking for.I am very happy with my new do and I'll be back to see Amber. She rocks!
5	i hadn't had a haircut in over a year- my ends were ridiculously dead and i had to basically pull out my hair every day when brushing it. i went to ginger for a cut and brows- i've been growing my hair out for over two years and wanted to keep as much length as possible and also wanted something simple since i don't own a hair dryer and have no desire to try and style it. she ended up cutting a little over an inch off and it looks and feels AMAZING! she checked with me through out every part of the cut and just put little layers in it and cut it dry, which i really prefer. i never felt pressure to buy product but ended up doing so since what she used was so awesome. now onto my brows- i tend to overdo my brows and have tweezed and waxed them to death. ginger did an awesome job and explained exactly what she was using and showed me them before she did anything further. overall, i am a HUGE fan- well worth the money and will be returning for regular cuts and brows!
5	I've been seeing Tad for the longest time! I love this place. It has an amazing atmosphere and I really enjoy the music and the live DJ that they have on Saturdays. I have never left this place unhappy. Tad is always able to take an idea and actually make it happen. I have tried other salons but nothing compares to this place. Tad always give me helpful tips about keeping my hair healthy or ways to style my hair. I defiantly enjoy my little conversations with him. I always look forward to getting my hair done. I would recommend this place to anyone My sisters and I only trust Tad with our hair. The entire staff is amazing and make it a fun atmosphere.
5	Go see Shaun! He is a very fun, energetic stylist with attention to detail. He also does a fabulous job with color and I have to say the shampoo job he gave me was probably the best head massage ever! The place has a very cool vibe.
5	I hadn't had my haircut in three years and it was definitely time. I went to Hair Pollution and Ginger Luke, the spritely pixie haircutting goddess took care of me from beginning to end. I even got my eyebrows waxed, which was a total first for me. I loved it so much, I'm def going back to get a trim and color very soon. Thank you Ginger Luke, and thank you Hair Pollution for making me look and feel awesome!
5	Ginger Luke is fabulous! She does an amazing job and makes me look great. The salon is a great hip place. I drive from San Diego for her to do my hair.
5	Ask for ShaunZ! He is amazingly talented and has an honest passion for what he does! He did a super hip cut and color (and I have blonde hair, so I am always hesitant) and is awesome at scalp massages! I absolutely love my hair and highly recommend him. Not to mention, the salon fun and the music rocks!
5	Ginger Luke recently gave me the best haircut of my life. I'm being serious. I walked in and I said, "Ginger Luke, make me look like James Dean, or at least Brandon from 90210. I don't have the easiest hair (or head shape) to work with but Ginger NAILED it. I was getting compliments everywhere I went. Even my boss gave me the old, "I don't usually compliment men's hair, but your new haircut is very...GQ."I might have accidentally had to tell the guy that has cut my hair in the past that he is my second favourite stylist in town.I KNOW this sounds like one of those reviews written by someone who works at the salon but I don't. Look at my profile. I used to have clout around here. I used to be Nathan "Bear Hands 'Motherfuckin'" S. Great stylists, trendy digs, sweet-ass old school rap jams. Who could ask for more. Oh, and don't be intimidated by how cool everyone is here. They are all sweethearts.
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE! I have been going to see Ginger for about a year now and I absolutely love her! My cut and color is always awesome and she always has great suggestions to keep things fun. Currently I'm sporting dark brown with some fiery red. I will keep going back to her for a loooooooong time!
5	Just a shout out for Ginger Luke and the outstanding creativity she has for designing hair! She is the only one that my 15 yr old daughter, Madisson, will let touch her hair.  Thanks for listening and loving what you do! :)
5	I had my hair done by Sierra and had no idea what I wanted.  Best highlights around! Love my hair cut too :) Totally recommend her to everyone!!
5	Ginger is THE person to have touch your hair at this establishment. No doubt. She will not only cut your hair, but will also leave you with a huge smile on your face and and a wonderful salon experience you will want to tell your friends (and everyone else) about! She is that great! I have referred MANY of my friends to her over the years and they would say the exact same thing I have about her!
5	Ginger Cluff was recommended to me by a friend and I can honestly say it was bar none the best haircut I've ever gotten, not to mention it was a blast as well.  She was able to capture the exact look that I wanted, which shows she is truly a master of her craft.  The salon is super cool, one of those that has character and personality, and they seem to be really into what they do and take a lot of pride in their work.  I would urge anyone to go see Ginger if you want your hairstyle to be taken to the next level and hang with some really cool people!
5	So let me start out by saying this is the first time I have ever written a review on here which pretty much means this place has to be an amazing one of a kind type of place. Anyways I just recently moved to Phoenix, AZ from Los Angeles, CA back in July of this year. I am always so hesitant to go to a new hair artist (and yes artist is the right word to use in this case) because I have had some horror stories. I lived in Fresno for 5 years before I started to go to someone there instead of making the trip down south to LA. Anyways making the trip to LA is a whole lot harder now so needless to say I couldn't put it off for 5 years again. I called Hair Pollution and they asked what I was looking for and set me up with a consultation with Ginger first to make sure it was a good fit before they started hacking away at my hair. To me that was a good sign from the start. They got it right the first time around. Ginger is fantastic and truly is an artist. I don't have the craziest or funnest hair but I do like to change it up but am constantly hesitant and full of fears. She listened to me babble on and was able to make a recommendation that was perfect for me. Ginger also did a dry cut which I am not use to but was fantastic because you are able to see the results right away and know exactly what she is doing. I have now gone back to her three times and she just keeps getting better!  I would HIGHLY recommend Ginger to anyone. My sister even started out seeing another stylist but has made the switch to Ginger. Seriously check her out!Plus you can not beat the prices. Hair Pollution is super fair, trust me, for the service you get LA would be charging MUCH more!
5	This review is for Ginger Luke. I moved to AZ six months ago and had trouble finding a hair stylist who I trusted and did great hair (I went to Downtown Phoenix Salon prior...no bueno). Thank goodness for Ginger! She is sensitive to the needs of her clients, does great hair (and eyebrows), and is a blast to hang out. I would 100% recommend her. She is very versatile. She dyed my sister's hair blonde (from dark brown) one day and shaved and colored my mohawk the next. I love her and will not go anywhere else...ever. Go to her! You will not be disappointed.
5	Great Salon! The stylists as well as the vibe of the place is awesome and welcoming. Highly recommended!!!!
5	I've got thick curly hair and finding a new stylist after I moved was a nightmare. Then, Ginger came to the rescue. She massaged my tired little scalp, listened to the two things I wanted from my cut (nix the heaviness off the bottom and keep the length) and gave me a DELIGHTFUL new 'do. She even showed me a new way to defuse my hair so it came out looking glamorous and not like a forest wild things live in.
5	Nice and talented stylists, cool place, good music, could make an appointment with a short notice.
5	Shaunz hooked it up like no one else. I was in town for a family affair and needed a trim.  I wasn't quite sure what I was looking for but I knew I needed a new style, the whole Into The Wild look was getting old. After talking for a bit and showing me some hip men's styles he finally convinced me to take a chance and go for something new. What can I say? It was one of the best cuts I've ever gotten and he couldn't have been a nicer dude, so down to earth and hilarious! If I'm ever back in town I'll be stopping in to see him again, maybe even get a little date...eh? EH?!
5	Two words: GINGER LUKE.I have followed this lovely lady for a few years now... from really corporate "salons," through house calls, and now to the amazing Hair Pollution. It took me years to trust anyone with my hair enough to say "just do whatever you think will look best." and she nails it EVERY TIME. Though this has been true through all of her places of employment, I can tell she is in her element at Hair Pollution.This salon is a really beautiful establishment. Perfect tribute to all that is modern and cool with that perfect touch of vintage. This is no Regis or Great Clips. This is a salon of artists. Though Ginger is my go-to stylist, by the processes and end results I have witnessed, I can tell the other stylists are equally as talented and true to their original styles/techniques.Highly suggested.
5	This place is Amazing! Went in today pissed off because my hair had just been completely messed up. I made an appointment right away and was treated amazingly. The stylist was awesome and listened to what i wanted, i got the perfect color and cut! I couldn't be happier!
5	My advice to you would be to go see Amber at Hair Pollution. I stumbled into this place about a year ago after a hair fiasco (long story, but it involved lots of turquoise...) and Amber fixed up my hair wonderfully! She even stayed and worked well after closing and made sure that I was very satisfied with my hair. She is a very nice lady and I have been going to her ever since. In general, the salon is very well-maintained (awesome decor and laid-back environment) and everyone is friendly. Highly experienced hair stylists and reasonable prices too.**UPDATE**: Amber now works at Palabra Hair Collective on 7th Street in Phoenix
5	I LOVE this place!  When you first walk in, don't be intimidated by the funky punk vibe... you don't have to be super cool or hipster to come here!  Everyone is so sweet and non-judgy.  I have been to see both Tad and Nate, and they are both awesome.   They really listen to what you want, and don't cut corners.  My cut and highlights always look perfect. Every time I walk out I feel fabulous!  People constantly ask me where I get my hair done, and I am happy to refer them to Hair Pollution.  Even though I live in downtown Scottsdale, it's definitely worth the drive to Phoenix for this place.
5	Great haircut and color. Chill atmosphere. I was able to make an appointment last minute and still get in! The staff is especially friendly with one gentleman going out of his way to make iced tea for me. Ask for Nate. I love what he did with my hair!
5	SHAUNZ! He's the man! Just finished my dreads! 100% Recommend this stylist! Mad skills, quick and talented! Hair pollution is the place to go!! 5 STARS!!
5	I love this place!  Everyone is super friendly!  Tad (Owner) is Awesome,  and is very active in the community as well!   These people do some amazing work! I would definitely let Jaelen cut my hair anytime!!!
1	Update......I recently won a $45 gift certificate for Hair Pollution so I decided to give it a try and got in with Jaelen. I brought in a picture just as a guide. My hair was well past my collar bone going in and just near my chin when I left. All I really wanted was a trim with some shaping done. Towards the end of my haircut I noticed that she didn't check to make sure things were even, which seems standard at most places. Needless to say my haircut was very choppy and uneven and I went to my regular salon to get my hair fixed immediately after.  The thing that really bothered me was a comment  she made when I was checking out. I bought some product and asked her if she could run my card for more so I could leave a tip. When she asked how much, I told her 20% and she replied, "Are you sure? You pretty much just got a free haircut". I left her more because I felt pressured. I will never go back. Note: The photo on the left is after the Hair Pollution haircut. The photo on the right is after my regular stylist fixed the first haircut.
4	Tad is a great guy and not afraid to take chances with hair.  Jason was also a great help with a nice scalp massage.  You can tell they are all having a  good time, and excelling at their craft.
5	I just had my eyebrows done by Jelean and she was awesome! I been to many places before and she has done the best job!
5	This place is an amazing gem - starting with the awesome interior, was covered with funky murals and art but an upscale feel. They offered me water (an essential when living in Phoenix!) or coffee or soda as soon as I came in. Prior to my cut had the most relaxing shampoo EVER complete with head, neck and shoulder massage. (Whatever shampoo he was using smelled like peppermint oil... more cooling off effects!) Cut was exactly what I wanted - something a bit edgy - and far less than expected. (Got a men's style haircut, so it was all of $35. What?? So fantastic.) Absolutely recommend!
1	Sierra, at hair polution, gave me the absolute worse haicut I have ever had. She cut my pixie cut so short you could see the scalp. I would never in a million years send anyone to get a hair cut from her. I went back days later to shave my neck and she couldnt even style the haircut she gave me. all she could say was sorry, give it 2 weeks and it should grow out. When I walked out of the salon, I looked like a street cat with patches of hair here and there. Think twice before paying this chick for a haircut!!!!!!!
5	I've lived in the valley for about 5 years and haven't been able to find a good salon anywhere.  Until I found Hair Pollution!  I called in and told her what I wanted and was matched up with Jaelen and I'm so happy I was!     I recently went through a breakup so I was ready for a change.  Its not so easy going from blonde to red but I was in for the challenge if Jaelen was.. and it looks so good!  She refreshed my layers and helped my self-trimmed bangs and set to work, doing a fabulous blend of reds into blonde (I wanted to keep the blonde at the tips).  The place had a cool vibe and the whole experience was awesome.   When the color was done processing we rinsed and we could tell that the red wasn't as dark as I had wanted.  I blame the years of processing my hair to a lighter blonde.   I liked it, but we weren't 100% happy so we decided to do a re-do a few days later and now my hair is perfect!     Jaelen was professional and sweet just great!  I definitely recommend her! It has been a few weeks and I still love the red!  I'll definitely be back!
4	When I first found Hair Pollution, I was desperately trying to get fit in somewhere around the holidays.  I am terrible at making hair appointments in advance, I know this about myself and I have accepted it.  I was getting denied over and over, until I called Hair Pollution.  They understood my problem and accommodated me, as long as I could get in there within the next 15 minutes.  And away I went....flying into an area of downtown Phx that I don't usually visit.  I have to admit, upon arriving in the parking lot, I was a little skeptical.  BUT....this is the CHARM of Hair Pollution.  I met with Jaelen and we immediately hit it off.  Her haircut and color were EXACTLY what I needed and I felt like her prices were very fair and reasonable.  (In my opinion, its crazy what some stylists charge for a haircut.)  I visited her again around April and again, was impressed with her talent and skill.  She truly is a hidden gem in the Valley world of stylists.  She makes you feel cozy and comfy in her chair, a skill that many hair stylists lack.  Hair Pollution is funky, fun, unique, crazy, and a bit over the top....but you never, ever run out of things to look at.  Its like a candy store for the eyes!  Oh, and they have an amazing product line called EVO, which I never heard of before coming here.  Easy Tiger is amazing!  I know they are involved with the community as well, and that is impressive for a salon.  I will be back for sure!!!!
5	Hair pollution is the best! I was always a "serial" hair dater (I would find a new stylist and go to them for 3 or 4 times and then switch salons, I was never super impressed). Until I found hair pollution. I live in north scottsdale and would gladly go way out of my way to go to this fun and funky salon. Everyone is fantastic! Casual urban chic that caters to an eclectic crowd. I love love love this place. Tad is amazing from extensions to cuts truly exceptional. Jaelen is outstanding as well! She is a class act and would trust her 200%! Cuts are amazing. I have finally made a commitment to the hair pollution team :)! I have been going to them for about a year and half and will continue.
5	I love this studio, it's super funky on the interior and they've done an amazing job from a design perspective. Everyone there is super nice and down to earth. Jaelen did my color and hair extensions, and she did a fabulous job matching my color just right to what I had asked for and taking extra time with me to make sure I was happy with my hair extensions...and she followed up with me afterwards to see how I was doing with them which is pretty freakin awesome and not the norm for most stylists. I would definitely recommend!
5	Had a fantastic haircut by the talented Tad.  The environment is eclectic and electric.  Lots of cool things to look at and take in while you are waiting.  All the staff was super friendly and made me feel right at home.  A loverly shampoo and conditioning with a neck massage thrown in for good measure.Then Tad helped me land on a new doo.... gingerly escorting me out of my twenty plus year default hair doo habit.  So far the response for the new doo has been favorable.   Thanks Hair Pollution!
5	Kylie colored my hair! She did amazing! For a couple of years now, I have been looking for a hair/color stylist to so my hair sombre and I finally found Kylie through instagram. She actually did what I have wanted for a while now. Am super happy with my hair and how light she for it WITHOUT bleach!!! I will post a pic!!!
5	Hair pollution has great stylists. They will give you a funky trendy look or not. I am more conservative regarding hair styles and they never did anything crazy. No weird surprise just a great cut.
5	I saw this place and thought it looked great, so I went in on a whim and asked if anyone was available for a haircut.  Luckily for me, Sophia was available.  She gave me a great haircut - exactly what I asked for.  And I really enjoyed talking to her too!This is a great salon and I highly recommend Sophia for all your styling needs!
