2	This is one of those Harris Teeter's that seems completely backwards from the moment you first walk in and no matter how many times you visit, the feeling doesn't change.  I can never find anything I'm looking for and it's impossible to browse because you wouldn't know where to meander to remember what you wanted to buy.  Bring a grocery list and a little more determination than you expect to need at most stores.  I love HT but this location isn't great.  I like this one less every time I go.  Visit the one further south on Park Road. It puts this one to shame.
4	It is a Harris Teeter - you know what you are getting.  I love their fresh produce selection, that is why I go here.  The staff is friendly and the shopping experience is delightful...
3	Yeah, I'll agree with the others on this Teeter - the setup is super strange. I really only hit up this location under duress or if I'm traipsing about this shopping center. It's a clean HT full of helpful employees, decent looking produce and plenty of groceries. But every time I step foot into this location I am dumbfounded by the setup and it takes me extra time to run around and find (even the category) of what I'm looking for. I like you HT but I hate how you're put together.
4	Nothing new to say here. This is such a cute HT that you want to pinch its cheeks while you try and figure out where the &$(#* bread aisle is hiding. Otherwise, it's a nice and little grocery shop that has almost everything they have at the larger full-size Teeters.If this is your neighborhood, this is your shop. There is another Teeter further down on Park, but there isn't really anything else very close.
3	I love Harris Teeter in general but this store is just okay. It's where I do my weekly shopping because it is the closest to my house and has a larger variety then the smaller Harris Teeter a little up the road.The store is old as everything else in park road shopping center is. There is plenty of parking and they always offer to help me out with my groceries. (I'm only 32 so I assume they do that for everyone)The VIC deals are great each week and I find myself excited to see what comes in my EVIC on Fridays. Unfortunately, the deals haven't been as good as when the program first began.I am one of those people who look over my receipt closely and I would say at least every other time something rings up wrong.  I have no issues getting a refund back but there is an inconsistency in their policy depending on who is working the customer service desk. Sometimes they will refund the price and give you the product for free other times, they will just refund the difference. Either way, I hate having to spend the extra time waiting in the customer service line for a refund. I often wonder how many other people don't notice or just don't want to deal with waiting for a couple bucks.
1	I swear every time I'm at Harris Teeter something rings up wrong. The latest is my breaking point. I bought an item on evic. It said limit two so I decided to get another one. (Was on a different order) It didnt ring up as the evic special but i didnt notice until after i left. So i went to customer service two days later thinking they would just give me the $1 difference. But no. That would actually be good customer service. Unfortunately the small print of the evic says you can only use the pricing for one order. The rep insisted on pointing it out to me. Now I have to drive all the way back with the item so that I can return the item. What she should have said is that I'll give you it this time but in the future, it has to be one order. I mean i literally shop there every single week for all my groceries. So i call their customer service line because I am so annoyed that she couldnt just give me the $1 off as advertised that I call the customer service hotline. The employee there wasn't more helpful. "So you are calling because you miss read an email"  So I asked to speak to a supervisor and was put on hold for over 17 mins before it disconnected for some reason or I was hung up on. Well now I'll be searching yelp for a new store to shop. So Long Harris Teeter
2	I really hate to jump on the bandwagon here, but this is not my favorite HT at all. I'm not a fan of the setup, for me it's really confusing layout. I didn't care for having to search for a sales person to help me and the lack of merchandise was not appealing either. I guess, if I was ever in a bind (like last night) this place is fine but it wouldn't be my first choice.
