5	Ever since dining at Francesco's while on vacation in Vegas, I salivate just thinking of the Veal Parmigiana.  My boyfriend and I shared the Veal that was served just like a Pizza (almost bigger then a small pizza and flattened out encrusted in Parmesan).  It melted in your mouth and had the perfect flavor.  For our entree, we also split a nightly pasta special (seafood cavitelle) which was also incredibly good.  For startes we had the grilled calamari, goat cheese salad, and bruschetta to start with.  The calamari was our fave of the 3 apps.  The ambiance was very warm and charming yet upscale.  It's like you are in an Italian Villa.  Highly recommend!
3	Have to disagree with previous reviews...had ahi tuna tartar and roast clams for starters; these were the best part of the meal... entrees...rigatoni with sausage etc and papparadelle artichokes etc(they forgot to mention it was dressed with thick creamy sauce   filling, yes tasteful no...decor is Disneyland cheezy and proximity to slots created a din that was annoying...only reason we went was convenience while staying at ti before going to KA... definitely not my favorite Italian restaurant
5	Wow this place is amazing!  My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place while on our way to Cirque Du Soleil, Mystere, inside treasure island.  We waited till the last minute to eat before the show without having reservations anywhere.  At first, we had decided on Social House, but upon approaching the hostesses and asking to see the menu we decided not to eat here based on their rude behavior.  They stood there and stared at us like we were speaking a different language.  Thank God we choose not to eat there or else I never would have had the chance to dine at Francesco's  We walked right in and the service was amazing, and I love great service.  Our waiter was great and even brought out wines for us to sample when we were unable to decide on a bottle off of their extensive wine menu.  The food was amazing, I loved the linguine and clams.  It was to die for!  It has been about 2 months since we ate here and I still think of how bad I want to go back to have the same dish.  The restaurant itself is also very romantic with dim lighting and candles, perfect for couples.
5	I have never had a meal in Vegas that was so amazing that I actually got a to-go box because I didn't want to waste it.  As if we had a microwave in our room.  We had an offer for this restaurant so we decided to give it a try.  I ordered the lobster risotto special of the night.  I have never had anything so delicious in my life.  The risotto was served in a rich cream sauce that was just infused with lobster flavor.  There were lobster chunks throughout.  It was amazing.  Normally I would have just tried to eat the lobster meat and leave the risotto, but there was so much of it.  I forgot what my husband had because I was just so into my own dish.That night, I put my to-go box on ice.  The next day, I ran hot hot water in the sink and tried to warm up the container the best I could.  Yes, it was totally worth the effort.Every time we walk through Treasure Island and pass this restaurant, I check their menu and specials board to see if they have this dish.  Unfortunately, I haven't seen it again on my visits.
4	So we cheaped out and got the pizza.  I just couldn't stomach paying $27 for chicken tortellini!  Word to the wise:  The pizzas are seriously HUGE!!!!  Please do not order one pizza per person!  That's what we did, thinking we would get meal sized individual pizzas.  Why the server didn't say something is beyond me!  Maybe he thought we really ate that much or something?  We wound up taking almost a whole pizza in a to-go box.  I really enjoyed the bread basket and the olive tray.  It was definitely a nice touch.   I'd come back, but would probably order something else next time.
2	if you find yourself UNABLE to escape the inevitable fate of coming here, DEFINITELY get a pizza. we had the mushroom + caramelized onions white pizza and it was pretty good. also, the mints at the hostess desk are pretty good.here is where the goodness ends.NOT GOOD: $60 for average pasta and chicken parmigiana NOT GOOD: trying to PUSH extra random stuff under the guise that it was complimentary. i understand the need for waiters to SELL the menu with logical pairings but O RLY??NOT GOOD: hostess sitting us by the door and ALLEGING that it was the only seat available despite the OBVIOUS lack of other similarly numbered parties and empty tables in the premises. we assumed it was because they were waiting for other 4-people parties with reservations but NO ONE CAME IN. our table by the door allowed us to verify our suspicious. IRONY... you taste like mediocre Italian cuisine.NOT GOOD: perhaps i have been spoiled by the excesses of i dunno, REALITY but i thought it was rather sneaky that they charged one of us $5.00 for a soda. then i realized it was because they charged us for the refill. note that the glasses were those artsy oblong glasses filled to the brim with ice.TWO STARS for the pizza. that is all.
3	Hey, we're in a recession folks...so while I would have loved to have eaten at a different celebrity restaurant each night of my Vegas stay, I decided to be a bit more frugal.  My friend was craving pizza, so the nice lady at the front desk recommended Francesco's.There was no wait, our server was efficient, and the food was good.  I started with the caesar salad.  The lettuce was crisp, and the croutons were crunchy and buttery (although there were only about 3 of them).  The dressing was creamy and tastey, although it lacked that bite that anchovy paste would have lent it.  I also was not offered fresh cracked pepper until I was halfway done with my salad.We ordered a margerita pizza to share.  The crust was undercooked and floppy, for lack of a better description.  The sauce was WAY too salty, although it did have a nice garlic flavor.  There was a nice helping of torn basil leaves sprinkled over top.  The bread was probably the best part of the meal; they give you a chunky tomato tapenade to spread over it, or a combination of olive oil and balsamic venegar to dip it in.  They also provide a little cup of olives.This is a nice place to stop in for a low-key meal.  The three of us spent $20 each, including tip.  I wouldn't come here though unless you're staying at TI and it's convenient; it's not a destination.
4	Our first night in Vegas we happened upon this place because we had just lost all the money we were willing to part with at the Treasure Island black jack tables. (This is false advertising in my mind, for there was no treasure on this island.) We went in and asked for a table for two and even though there were clearly many open tables the hostess informed us we needed a reservation so we said we'd take the next available, which happened to be about 30 minutes later. Annoying, but I'm sure it's not the hostess' fault these crappy rules exits.Once we were seated everything else was fairly enjoyable about the evening. Our waiter was awesome and the food was better than decent. We shared Crispy Risotto Fritters, which may have been my very favorite part of the meal, salad and a white sauce pizza. While, it was definitely casual dining and pricey for that, it was less expensive and the quality was higher than I expected considering we were in Vegas.
1	4 stars? really???  I thought this place was HORRIBLE.We ended up eating at Pizzaria Francesco because we had to meet up with some people at Treasure Island.  Francesco was the first restaurant we saw when we walked into the hotel and it looked like a nice restaurant so we decided to try it out.We ordered 2 pizzas between 4 people because we didn't want to over eat before we started drinking.  We ordered a peperoni and sausage pizza http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/M_n2pMFM8fqUtgACIBeIZg/l and gawd I don't even remember what the other pizza was because I didn't even bother to take a picture...SUPER greasy and too strong on the tomato flavor... After eating one piece, eating another one was work. We didn't even finish the pizzas. I also got the house red wine and wow... it tasted like the wine was sitting there open for a while :(The ambiance was pretty nice, the service was ok... but the food was terrible and it was definitely OVERPRICED.  I rather eat a pizza hut pizza.NONE of us like the pizzas here.  This was a TOTAL dinner FAIL!
4	Okay so after having dinner at Isla's the night before we didn't want to eat at TI anymore. We went to the belligo buffet but line was to long so we came back to TI (where we were staying). We decided on this place and I'm glad we did. I had the alfredo and added chicken, my friend had a ceaser salad and my other friend had the calamari. All our dishes were good. The only bad part was that my dish was 26 dollars!! wth! I was so hungry I didn't really look at the prices but now that I look back, the pasta its self was probably 20 and to add the chicken it was 6. DAMN! But its coo, it made my tummy really happy! My friends dishes were also gud ( i had a taste lol) Will def go back!
3	Considering this is Vegas where all foods are overpriced, it is a 3, but elsewhere, this would rank a 2. That's because the food is mediocre and the service is... well, they want to trick you and give you the facade of being all "high-class" and stuff, but it fails. The waiter forgot to bring our wine and I had to ask another waiter because ours disappeared. Pasta with clams is VERY salty, but very generous with clam content. Also, the carpet is fugly... so, don't look down if you want to enjoy the faux expensive ambience. Lol.
4	Okay, first of all, I LOVE PIZZA.  I think pizza is the perfect food.  So, it shouldn't be too difficult for a pizzeria to get great marks from me.  My girlfriend and I came here for dinner after a night of partying.  I just woke up and was like....OOOH PIZZA!!   So we both ordered our own pizza (where one pizza could easily feed 2 or 3 people), so needless to say, we had leftovers, which was fine cause her man was passed out in the hotel room.  haha!  Anywhoo, i got the margerita pizza and added mushrooms to it.  It was scrumptious and hit the spot.  Although I didn't finish the pizza that night, it was done by the morning.  It easily became something for me to nosh on through the evening and in the morning!!
3	On the first night in Vegas, most of our group didn't want to go too far for dinner. We'd have to get ready to hit up the club in a few hours, so we walked around the lobby and found this place. Pizza seemed like a quick fix, so we ordered a large combo. As huge as it was, the crust was extremely thin and the toppings slid off as soon as you took the first bite. Luckily I grabbed a couple of forks, because that's what I ended up using to finish my slice. Some of my friends ended up folding it to try to keep everything from spilling out. It was good taste wise and we killed the rest the next morning, but overall it was a-okay.
2	We were waiting in line to see the 9:30pm of Mystere and didn't want to wait in the long line, so we decided to grab a slice of pizza, since we had such a late lunch.  We both got the sausage,since it was the freshest.  It was very cheesy, greasy, and the crust was just mediocre.  I had to use 10-15 napkins to sop up all the grease.  We ate it, and it served it's purpose, but for pizza standards, it wasn't all that.  Last case scenario, or be very very drunk!
2	Okay to start of I'm not a pizza fan. The pizza taste fine but for $4.50 per slice we're going overboard here. That's about $10 for pizza. And I know someone said that buffet is $14 for lunch? And I know they have pizza there. Well someone do the math here.
4	After being traumatized at Kahunaville the night before, we decided to give this place a go for a quick pre-game bite on the way to Tryst. Our slices were HUGE, although it looks like it could be hit or miss, with  no exact science behind the pizza wheel. They were definitely a step up from mall pizza slices, and another step up from the big name delivery guys, but not as good as CPK or the like.  Greasy, but in a good way - if that's possible - ingredients seem legit, and the selection is average for a cafeteria style pizza joint. It's a little on the pricey side for what it is, but it's very convenient if you're already at T.I. and a bargain compared to what your other in house options are. As stated by others, probably not something I'd go out of the way for, but beats the other fast food options in the immediate area.
3	Nothing exciting about this pizza place except for the big slices and the high prices. My friends and I decide to order a large extreme pizza and it was expensive. The pizza was good though, but a little on the greasy side. It fed about six girls and there were left overs. This place is like a little joint near the mystere theater. There were stools for you to sit at and not really regular tables like in the photos here. I wouldn't go here again plus I'm not really a huge fan of pizza.
3	Can I give this place 2.5 stars?  Pros: Big slices and generous fixings (yummy pineapple and ham).Cons: Expensive, not that great crust, average/less than average overall taste.  I've had doctored up frozen pizzas that taste better.The Verdict:  I won't be going back.  Bummed I wasted calories on this place.  Save your money and go to Pizza Hut! :-)
3	More like 2.5, but I'll give them the benefit. This is painfully average pizza that benefits from being fast and open "late". We were hungry and were hoping for some good za before heading up to the room and settled for this. Kind of expensive with a bland crust. Meh.
3	Good place to go if you want something quick after the pool or before a show.  Nothing special although they have big slices and they do deliver to your room if you have those late night binges.
1	Went here looking for something to eat that was fast.  Turns out the only thing that was fast were my bowels after I ate here.  I got mild food poisoning along with a friend that ate here the same night.  Now if the food was really really good I could maybe maybe deal with it and take my chances but it was mediocore at BEST.  Nothing really tasty or unique about their pizza.  Also, the service was slow considering the amount of customers they had.  I'm done!
4	Pretty good pizza and wings to grab while on the go or need a break. Fast service, overall a good experience every time I go.
2	Hooray for the $4 slice!For nyc-style standards, these can't be considered large slices.  They're medium at best.  You have to be skeptical of most "pizzerias" on the strip, especially if they're located inside a casino that was erected in the mid-90s.  Now I'm not saying that the place is old, I'm just saying not to put too much stock in a place found in a casino that's Caribbean-themed.For what it's worth, the pizza has a decent flavor.  But it's short on size and long on price.Authentic NYC-style should not be on your to-do list while in Vegas; drinking until you forget should be.The irony is that I obviously didn't drink enough to forget about this place.Maybe next time...
1	If only I had readthe reviews prior to eating here.  The night before Id eaten at a pizza place in the ny ny, in my quest to find that level of deliciousness once again I stopped by this place.  While eating it I noticed it didn't taste quite right.  Well, two hours later my body was making every attempt to rid it's self of this bacterial hayday.  I was throwing up for honestly 2 hours and after 5 hours the diarehia tapered off.  Unfortunately, I spent my entire last day in Las Vegas holed up in my room, never more than a few feet from a bathroom.  I will never return to this establishment and would recommend others steer clear unless you want to utilize their unadvertised weight loss program .
4	Every time I visit the lovely Las Vegas strip, lunch is always here. Cool staff: always friendly and cracking up jokes. Some type of deal always going on, usually 2 slices and a draft beer for $10. Bottom line they have great pizza for decent price. Tip: If you're with a big group of peeps just put all your $ together and get a large pizza ;)
3	Waiting for my show, Cirque du soleil, and this place is right across from the show.  It was quick and not too bad.  2 slices and a beer for $10.  Pizza was not too bad.  middle of the road really.  thin crust.  would eat here again, if the situation presented itself in the same manner. would not go out of my way to eat here, but would not say no, if I were nearby and hungry.
2	The minute we walked into this place, I looked at the pizza and knew I'd taste terrible compared to the pizza I'm used to.  Just looked super greasy and gross so I opted for the Calzone which turned out to be not too great.  I got some cole slaw on the side which was basically the run of the mill prepackaged type. Slim pickings for dinner while inside TI.  Needed to conveniently get something to eat after our nap... which leads me to believe good quick food is relatively low supply in most of Vegas. I could maybe muster up 2.5 stars for this place to be fair, but I won't be back to eat pizza here for sure.  Luckily I didn't get sick like some of the other sad yelpers before me. The place is clean and they guy who worked here seemed friendly.  Maybe it's just the prices that you pay for this type of food in Vegas that really annoys everyone.
3	Not great not bad if you are in a hurry and need a bite then stop in if you are looking for a great pizza then keep looking.
2	Okay.  First off my disclaimer: I did not eat this right away.  We picked it up and ate it at our hotel in Paris (prob 20 minutes from picking up).  However, I am keeping this in mind when I do this review.Medium supreme pizza:  $22.  dafuq?  Must be as good or better than pizza in New York.Nope.The crust was thin.  But because we didn't eat it fresh it wasn't crispy.  Even assuming it was crispy, here is the main problem.  They oversalt this pie like a mofo!  The tomato was good and it wasn't like oversauced... but Nothing really blew me away (except for the extra handful of salt they used).$22.  That's too much for a medium pizza which as probably 12" or maybe 14".  Better than Pizza Hut?  Yes, but worth 3-4x the price?  Na.
1	Stood in line for over 30min for 2 slices! Only one guy was working both making pizzas, reheating slices, and serving people.  He was completely inefficient, spending the majority of the time checking and rechecking if a pizza had finished baking.  Meanwhile there are 3 fresh pizzas on display and a line of 20 people are just staring at him waiting to be served.  But even worse there were three guys at the register just staring at the one guy working and goofing off.  We almost missed our show and it was a complete waste of time. I would never recommend this place to anyone!
1	I rather eat Eillo's, this pizza sucked. If I were to go to church and steal about 100 of those tasteless wafers they give you and go to the market and buy a jar of prego and some nasty 0% skim milk cheese and tossed that delightfully tasty work of art in the microwave for about 50 seconds, this is what you would get. Did I mention I am a New Yorker
2	Abstract: Mediocre, forgettable pizza at a premium price served at a snail's pace. Go elsewhere if you can. I had entirely forgot about this place (and maybe for good reason). We ate here while staying at TI after coming in from show at another property. A better idea would have to eat wherever we were for the show, or ANYWHERE else en route to TI. It must have been a Friday or Saturday night. The queue was so long it left the restaurant and encroached on walkway that separate it from Mystere's theatre. To make it worse, the service is so goddamn slow here, sometime during your interminable wait the thought that they are purposefully slow to artificially create a club-like queue to attract more patrons starts creeping into your psyche. The pizza sucks. Honestly, the only reason I recalled eating it was that the RJ (valley newspaper) was proclaiming in an article about Cosmo's 'Secret Pizza' (go there instead if you have the time) that this place was the start of great pizza on the strip. Immediately I thought "WTF!"; are these people writing this shit major shareholders of this business or something? That pizza sucks. Thanks to Yelp I can now voice my experience in a proper forum. - E
3	Lucked out as the cheese pizza that I ordered was fresh out of the oven. I thought the sauce was flavorful but a little salty. For a reference point, think Sbarro's.
1	With all of the good food in Vegas do not bother to come here!!! Greasy BLAND pizza that literally tastes like grease and nothing. I got a slice of pepperoni pizza (how do you mess that up) and a garlic roll. Both were incredibly bland and had no flavor. I was in a hurry to get to the airport and that's the only reason I popped into this place. I wish I would have saved my money for the Burger King inside the airport sadly.
1	Not worth $$$
2	I guess I can't really expect much from a quick italian food pick-up joint in Las Vegas! I expected it to be decent, but it was so bland and just horrible for my palate. I got the special, the sausage and wild mushroom calzone - needless to say the calzone looked like a baby rock and not even cooked on the exterior. I think the sausage and wild mushrooms have a good flavor, but the dough is what turned me off. There was about an inch and half of eatable calzone. The people working behind the counter were not too friendly, and I just wanted to get out of there as soon as I could.Overall, I will definitley not be coming back here!
2	horrible service.  period.  we were told by the cashier to order where the pizzas were sitting.  he then stood there and watched us as no one came to take our order.  he then goes and tries to find another person to take our orders.  he confused 9 customers in the process of all fo this.below-par salty pizzagarlic bread was ok, but the marinara that comes with it was like a red salt sauce.don't come here even if you're desparate and on a time crunch since the wait time seems to be pretty variable for a grab-and-go style pizza place...
2	My husband and I stopped in here to grab a quick bite just to hold us over until our Cirque show was finished.  Hubs got a piece of pepperoni pizza and I got a fruit salad.  The fruit salad was good, very fresh with yummy pineapple, strawberries, blueberries, etc.  My hubby's pizza was a greasy mess!  It looked so nasty, I can't believe he ate it.  He did use several napkins to blot the grease, but that didn't seem to help.  The crust was also burned to a crisp so he almost chipped a tooth on that!  All in all, if you don't really care what you're eating, go for it.  If you want a solid piece of pizza, look elsewhere.
1	Wow this is by far the absolute worst slice of pizza I've had in Vegas! The taste was horrible. Not just because I've lived in NY all my life and am accustomed to a good slice from most places. I can appreciate a good pizza no matter where it's made but just pure taste of this pizza was worse than a frozen pizza. Stay away! Save your money.
1	Before going out on Saturday night, we wanted to grab a quick bite. Since we were staying in TI, figured it would be a good idea. But, it was not.Ordered 2 larges - one supreme & cheese+tomatoes as well as an italian salad. The pizzas ALONE came out to be $75. While it was 8 large slices, they just didn't taste very good. The cheese was lacking...salt maybe? Then the supreme was a thicker crust (which I liked better) but there was just TOO much topping on it. The salad was wilty and disappointing as well.However, the garlic bread (that look liked garlic knots) looked really good. Maybe that's the only thing worth trying/eating there.If you can...skip!
5	i dont know why, but the cheese pizza here was one of the best tasting slices i have ever had...anywhere.its 4 bucks a slice and they are large slices...a decent value.the cheese to me seemed to be a blend of parmesan and mozzarela and the crust had just the right amount of floury-crisp to crack and break when folded for eating on the go but still stay intact.  i thought it was excellent
4	Great pizza! It was perfect! Naturally I had to dab some grease off but it's the perfect amount of doh with a slight crisp and it was really yummy! They have chicken wings too but they're like curry flavor, just sayin' don't get me wrong tho they were delicious! They have a couple beers on tap and it was a great place to stop for a bite to eat and a bit to drink before we entered cirque se solei next door! We liked it! The service was good as well.
1	I'm sorry; I am such a pizza fanatic; was born in New York; from Chicago and in fact have been traveling to Italy since a child (so I enjoy a good authentic Sicilian pizza). This pizza is pre cooked; and then re-heated; so first and foremost just notate that.There is a Japanese man making the pizza; who's somewhat grumpy and awfully hard of hearing. My first and ONLY visit to this location (as I am a local to Vegas) I ordered 4 slices of Pepperoni. There were 4 available at that time. I went to the counter; paid, and waited. Soon thereafter since it was just a reheated slice; only 1 slice came out. I asked if the other remaining slices were on the way; and he immediately got defensive and told me that I had only ordered 1 slice. I showed him my receipt which validated that I ordered 4 slices; however at this point now; there were only 2 slices left. The other slices were being re heated for guests who had ordered and not yet paid behind me. I let the Manager know that because I not only asked specifically for the pepperoni, but also paid for it; that the remaining slices should be coming to me. She apologized and said that wasn't the way it worked; but that I was welcome to pick another slice instead. I let her know I wanted what I paid for and nothing more; to which she replied "sorry". I told her at that point to just give me a cheese; which was less expensive that the pepperoni. No refund was given for the difference in price.I figured that this pizza had better be some damn good stuff for me to have had to put up with mediocre customer service; and $5 slices. It was AWFUL! Tasted as if it was reheated (which obviously it was)................sauce was nasty; almost Ragu tasting as funny as that sounds; and the cheese they use is either old or its just very cheap. This pizza was gross. Gross Gross Gross. I threw the remaining slices out, as not even the other Manager I work with wanted to eat anymore and felt the same. If you want GOOD AUTHENTIC PIZZA go to Sicili's on Twain Ave (Just behind the Venetian; passed Paradise. Its CHEAP, and its SO GOOD you'll crave it weekly (I'm not kidding you). $9 for a Large. And they slow churn their ranch every morning for the wings. (Owned by a small family)......................................Stay far away from this joke of what they call themselves a pizzeria. I'll be the first to clap when they close
1	For starters they want you to get in line exactly opposite of what their signs say. Second chef was rude as can be, Tip for him, the pizza cooks faster when your not opening the door every five seconds to look at it. Also during your rush maybe have a couple pies going so there would be less wait time. The whole reason I'm writing this is that a girl had a slice of cheese to go that got cold. She went up to chef and asked for him to warm it up or replace it. He took he cold piece and put it back on the pizza bar to be reserved and grabbed her a fresher one. I would have left right then but figured i had a whole pizza coming so i wouldn't have any of those scraps. The whole thing was greasy and nasty. Stay away from this place, they have plenty of good places right across the strip. Worst 25 min wait for what i was severed .
4	Just the other night the wife and I were waiting to see Mystere and wanted to grab a bite.  I have been here for 8 out of the last 11 days and I was getting tired of high priced everything.  We had some time to kill and decided to find a place to eat.  I am so glad that we stumbled across Pizzeria Francesco's.  I must warn everyone, you wait in line, and there is very little seating, but if you want a nice sit down joint go to Spago and pay 30 for a pizza!.  They had awesome specials and I had a slice of pizza, which was huge and tasty, 5 wings and a beer for 12 dollars.  Some might say wow this is a little high, but for Vegas it was the deal of the day.We also ordered a salad that was awesome.Looking around I saw some Calzones and they also looked good.  If you want a cheap meal that will fill you up, I recommend that you stop in here.
4	The pizzas are really good.  Better than any franchise pizza place in Toronto, but it is Vegas and almost everything in Vegas seems to be amazing when it comes to food.
