5	We stumbled on Rock and Roll Sushi. So, we thought we would take a shot.  Boy, are we glad we did! As visitors to Las Vegas it is very easy to overspend for a meal, or get inadequate food, but NOT here. The All-You-Can-Eat lunch was just $21.95! The Sushi Chef, Kiyo, is masterful! Everything was delicious and visually stunning. Kiyo was skilled and friendly in making sure we got a variety of sushi. The fish is flawlessly fresh and flavorful. Dinner is just $5.oo more. Don't miss it! Get out of your hotel and enjoy this local restaurant!
4	I happened on the first review and hoped for the best. After showing up around 10 pm for a late dinner we were slightly concerned to be the only patrons. But then again at a Sushi bar this definitely has it's benefits. The fish was fresh the service was great and the price was reasonable. If you are doing AYCE for 25$ (dinner) skip the dynamite it was ok but the seafood/mayo concoction was served over salad instead of rice and detracted from the nigiri where your appetite would be better focused. Liked the albacore! Money well spent.
2	Well...I think I could have done better with my $25 for AYCE sushi. I also probably should have known better when there were only two other patrons. Most of the rolls are totally laden with mayo, making it hard to get down. The spicy tuna on the outside of the Spicy Crunch roll tasted funky and had an awkward texture that was anything but fish-like. The albacore is excellent though, so we loaded up on that before we rolled out the door all fat and sassy like. I'd probably hit up Todai...
4	4.5 stars to a place that serves all you can eat sushi, while you're buzzed, having a great time in VEGAS!  Was the food good? Sure! Everything tastes good and looks good after 8 beers!  But really, staff couldn't be nicer to us. I have no idea what we ate but we kept on eating and everything tasted so good and fresh. The only thing i didn't like is that they add their tip on the bill.
4	Stopped in here between flights on my last leg home from Spain and really enjoyed the little place. Nice decor, sushi wasn't bad, but the customer service was outstanding! $24.95 for all you can eat sushi, (or by the roll which is what I got) for anything on the menu. Down side no sashimi, but the baked lobster roll was awsome! Skip the miso though, the seaweed is a little too chewy!
3	When you're in the Vegas, it's all about excess, whether it's gambling, drinking, clubbing, eating, or snorting coke. Uh. Yeah. I meant drinking Coke. Caffeine is essentially a major food group in the Vegas.Anyway, if you enjoy other food groups and excessive eating, then Rock & Roll Sushi is as safe a bet as any in the Vegas. For $24.95 you get all you can eat made to order nigiri and rolls. Here are the rules of the game: you have a one hour time limit, you order a round of sushi at a time, and you are charged if you leave anything on your plate. I went two rounds. In round one, I had some miso soup, plenty of nigiri (salmon, yellow tail, albacore, tuna), a fried spicy tuna roll, and a rainbow roll with shrimp tempura inside. For round two, I enjoyed more salmon, yellow tail, and albacore. The salmon was delightful. The albacore was tasty too. The yellow tail could have been better. I was not a fan of the tuna, but I have never been that into tuna for some reason, unless it is toro. My main grip with the nigiri was that in round one, the fish slices were very small. Look, I came here to eat and you're going to charge me if I leave food behind, so you might as well get my belly full early.As for the rolls, they were good (especially the fried spicy tuna roll), but were sloppily made. For an all you can eat joint, they held back on the rice, which was nice. The staff was cool. It was interesting to see a female sushi chef. I heard somewhere that you don't see many female sushi chefs because they have warmer hands than men, so it ruins the fish. I just think it's some urban legend that Japanese men spread around so Japanese women would have one less reason to wield a knife. I am not sure if my urban legend conspiracy theory is true, but I think other men in other cultures should try this too. I am sure John Wayne Bobbitt would agree.
4	Try dropping a group of 9 post-college kids into Vegas after some tiring travel and getting everyone to agree on food... thank goodness for Rock & Roll. It's not a long walk from the Strip and the AYCE sushi is much better than most things you'll regret buying in a mega-hotel-casino.The rolls are well sized for sharing, but they do skew towards being overly embellished. Maybe I should just say that if you like your rolls drizzled with sauce and fried, come eat here. Edamame, miso soup, etc. are included in your AYCE meal, but why fill up on that?The space itself is nice, and the service is friendly and prompt. I might have preferred Sushi Mon, but as a tourist, I'd definitely eat here again.
5	Awesome, great service.  Soon as we stepped in we were greeted by the host and the chef.  $20 for all you can eat sushi, you get 3 rounds.  1st round, we ordered 12 rolls, we didn't have to wait long to get it... Hot and Crunchy Roll is a must.  There was 4 of us and we only paid about $90 but ate at least $200 worth, most definitely coming back to this spot on my next Vegas trip.
4	For Vegas (I repeat: for Vegas), this place is great value. $30 gets you all you can eat, made to order sushi from a chef who knows what he's doing.Fish is solid quality all around, but I particularly like the salmon and albacore. Fried rolls also get the job done.Don't be fooled by the crappy strip mall location - this place is legit.Right across the street from encore/wynn.
5	Saw the reviews and decided to try it. When we walked up almost decided to find someplace else. An all you can eat sushi place scared us. We decided to try it and we were shocked at how good and high quality it is.  For $25 we got the best sushi  It was outstanding. If in town you must try this place.
3	We wanted sushi so... we came here! The sushi was just okay... nothing spectacular and the fish was not that fresh. The waitress was nice and welcoming. I like that they have large tables for big groups. Obviously, this place isn't well known about since there were only two tables during lunch including us. I like that we got free icecream in the end! Yay green tea icecream!!
1	Restaurant is clean but there was definitely a weird smell.  Also its Vegas, and really hot, so you go indoors to cool off...not here.  It was su uncomfortably hot that it was not a pleasant experience.  The food is average at best.  I got the all you can eat, so value was good.  The service was deplorable!  I hadn't even finished putting a piece a roll in my mouth when the server took my plate...I wasn't finished.  RUDE!  I guess another pet peeve I have is the tip.  When they automatically add it, it ticks me off.  I always leave a good tip, she would have gotten more had they let me make the decision.  I will not be returning.
3	I won't call myself a sushi snob, and since my work has taken me to many cities -- with that I have tried out many Japanese restaurants so I have some expectations on the food I get and the price I pay. I'd say R&R has served up a pretty good selection of AYCE at a decent price, and I have been back a few times because the food is good. I'd skip the rolls and go for the nigiri and some special orders. So far my favorite dishes include sweet shrimp (can only order once), baked mussels, soft shell crab, salmon roe and albacore.Gratuity of 18% is added to the bill though, and so far I am satisfied with their promptness of service. You can always spend more at the Strip for similar food, for me I'd take the short walk from Wynn to R&R to satisfy my appetite for sushi
4	I was very surprised with how nice the interior of this place was, considering it was located in a seedy strip mall.My friends and I were looking for some sushi and originally had decided on Sushi Mon, until we realized it was 6 miles away from our hotel. (The Hilton Grand Vacations Club on the strip.)Anyway, I remember walking past this place and thought, "I'll probably end up here after I get drunk", but sure enough, ended up coming sober. (Which made me a little nervous.)Either way, I was initially very shocked with the appearance of the inside, and impressed, considering.I wasn't greeted by the usual blast of AC in most every Las Vegas building, but luckily it wasn't too sweltering hot outside so it was fine.The sushi was pretty good for the price (about $22 for all-you-can-eat), but we noticed they added more and more rice to the subsequent rolls you ordered. I, however, kept a napkin on my lap, and kept removing the rice and placing it in my lap when our server and the sushi chef weren't looking.Overall, we got our money's worth. Not the best sushi in the world, but worth it for the price. But the fact that they automatically add gratuity kinda sucks, but it is what it is.
3	The sushi here is really good. Very fresh!! $25.95 for dinner AYCE sushi. You get 3 rounds of ordering, but only 45 minutes of eating.Only thing that knocked off 2 stars is they lurk over you as you're eating and constantly walk up to you to see how much you've finished. I guess that's because they don't want to make more unless they're sure you can finish what you have on your table, but they also charge you for food you ordered, but don't finish, and that includes food they have not made yet. Why would they charge you for something that wasn't even made? They also add an 18% gratuity on parties 4 or less, something they could've told us after I told the waitress it was our first time there. I don't remember the gratuity on parties more than 4.
1	Rock n Roll Sushi is a restaurant to be avoided.  They fail to surpass being "average" in any single category relevant to an individual's enjoyable dining experience.  The food and service at the restaurant is subpar.  Some of their portions are exceedingly small, which makes their nominally low menu prices relatively expensive.  I have definitely had better sushi at a cheaper price.  While the restaurant's decor and interior design may be described as surprisingly chic, it is only so because its exterior looks like that of an industrial factory.  The octopus roll I ordered was not fresh.  The tempura seemed like it consisted only of baked vegetables and fried dough w/ no seasoning whatsoever.  The vegetable fried rice, however, was prepared with plenty of wok heat, which contributes to its savory flavor and firm texture.  The food came all out of order; the main entrees arrived first and the appetizers arrived last.  The waitress seemed a little impatient with us, and we were automatically charged gratuity even though we were only a party of three.  My friend said, "This definitely isn't the best sushi I had."  I whole-heartedly agree, and would go so far as to say it's probably one of the worst.
1	My son was excited when saw the sushi place for all you can eat($25.98 adult and kids same price),but there were different impression for walk in and after we ate the first around. The waitess star to changed face. I'm agree with Saudra and Trina. This is the worst restaurent and bad service never had in my entire life vacation times. A waitress was very Rude Rude!!(I belived she is owner)Food not too good and you can't order the one we want.(what kind of all you can eat should changed for limited eater can eat) My son not even full she already give us bill for paid seem like want to kick us out to restaurent. Not even that 15% tip automatic add in bill (I will not mind give them more tips if there is good services!!!)For this kind of all you can eat."Too good to be true" LOL I will not recommened anyone go there. ever and ever go there
4	Great prices for AYCE sushi. My favorite was the salmon and yellowtail. The salmon tasted so buttery and delicious! I liked the baked scallop roll too.
4	Good sushi! Good service! Make substitutions on request for no additional charge! Great!
2	The quality of the sushi here is not that great.  The fish itself was mediocre at best, not very fresh and kind of rubbery.  The rice was worse.  It was undercooked and had a weird after-taste.  Every nigiri felt like a mouthful of tiny pebbles.   I also don't believe the prices are that great.  We ordered a la carte, and a plate of nigiri salmon was $4-$5, but the quality did not match up to the price.  I've had way better nigiri for cheaper.All of this was tolerable, but a couple things annoyed me.  First, they charge you dinner price for AYCE lunches on the weekends.  That was disappointing, since there was kind of no way of knowing this before walking into the restaurant.  The second thing was they stated that there was a mandatory gratuity on parties of any size, but they never told us that it would be on non-AYCE orders as well.  I understand if we were 2 people eating 20 plates each for AYCE, yes that would be a lot of work for the server.  But we were two people, ordering 4 items a la carte.  How is this different from any other restaurant that doesn't charge an automatic gratuity?  And no, the service was not exponentially better than other restaurants, especially considering there were only 4 other patrons in here.  To add insult to injury, they charged the 15% mandatory gratuity ON TOP of the tax.  It's not the money that bothers me, it's the principle.  If you are going to charge a mandatory gratuity on us, it should be on the price of the food only.  I normally calculate the tip on top of the tax anyway.  But when they make it mandatory, I feel like I'm not even given a choice, and that I am forced to pay a gratuity that is not based on performance of the service.  It also gives the sense that this business is shady and trying to pull a fast one.  Banquets and wedding receptions understand this concept; they calculate tax and tip separately, each on the same value: the price of the food (or per head).  If this restaurant really wants more money, they should just raise the prices on the menu.  The bottom line is, the only time this place MIGHT be worth going to is for AYCE weekday lunches.
1	food was ok...ive had better...i think the prices were a little on the high side for a place like this.  Something we really didnt like was the fact that no matter now many people you have in your party they automatically tip themselves 18%.  What really disturbed me was the fact that the waitress kept harassing us about how if the person getting the all you can eat share there food that we would all be charged for all you can eat prices. i explained to her at least 5 times that i DO NOT want the all you can eat and i wont eat that much.  I also ordered edamame and AGAIN she asked.."who is eating it?" obviously if i was ordering it i was eating it. and once again she said i will charge you all you can eat prices if you share your food! overall a HORRIBLE experience would NOT recommend this to ANYONE!
3	All-you-can-eat: Lunch $21.95Dinner $25.95Ordered sweet shrimp, sea urchin, chicken terriyaki, baked mussel, calamari, soft shell crab, crunch & ninja roll. Crunch had shrimp tempura, avocado, cucumber, crab, crunch on top. Nothing amazing. Been to many other buffets with better quality. Service was fairly decent though
3	Don't order a la carte, it's not worth the money, especially for the nigiris. All you can eat dinner is $25 plus gratuity and I didn't have to actually eat that much to get my moneys worth.I did make sure to get my money's worth with 4 servings of seaweed salad in addition to soft-shell crab, and 6 nigiris. My co-workers got some rolls and they were also good. Fairly standard, but good. I recommend the Spicy Crunch Roll.This fish is just fresh enough. It's not the freshest ever, but it's fresh enough. Looking at it, I wasn't concerned. However, on the nigiris, it seemed that the fish to rice ratio was way in favor of the rice which is why I don't recommend ordering nigiri al a carte, but I do recommend ordering a bunch in the all you can eat, and only eating half the rice on each one ;0 More fish for your money! The Baked Green Mussels are also definitely worth getting. In fact that there is a limit of 3 orders of 3 per guest. Our table only had one order when we were close to finishing, I wished I filled up on them earlier.Gratuity is included. Luckily the service was exceptional. I always had tea - my measure of service in any Asian restaurant. In fact it may be because of the service that I wouldn't object the next time my boss drags me here.
5	I love this place . First thing when i go to Vegas , I start off with an all you can eat sushi . YES I LOVE SUSHI and there's nothing more satisfying than an all you can eat. Rock and Roll sushi is located down the strip , not too far from the Hotel Encore. The staff was very friendly and welcoming , they even suggested  to eat sushi with their famous sake bomb.  For people who are trying desperately to find sushi not far from the Stirp , look no further , this place will make you fly to Heaven .
2	I had seen some decent reviews on this place so I decided to hit it up. Not impressed. Was kind of expensive for the AUCE option, $25 a person as the selection looked like it was not very good. I went with ala cart and was not impressed with anything. It was all very sweet with sauces and just not high quality. Would not repeat and I should know better hitting a place on the strip like that! LOL.. worth a try..
5	Omg! This place is a must for the all you can eat! At first I was scared because I thought it was going to be like buffet style but it wasn't, it was made to order. I can't wait to come back to Vegas and make a stop here!
1	Added a 15% gratuity for bad service for 2 people. Each order put in takes 20 min. Food was decent but takes way too long!
3	False advertisement! They label themselves as "All You Can Eat" but we were cutoff after only a few rounds of ordering nigiri. We attempted to order more but the waitress said there was a 3 round limit. We questioned it because we definitely surpassed 3 rounds and when we told her this you could clearly see she felt uncomfortable cutting us off. The waitress was really nice but we think the sushi chef had her cut us off as it seemed like they were making up limitations on the fly. There were not sign posted anywhere stating that there was a 3 round limit on nigiri. All in all, the food was descent. Definitely had better but it wasn't bad. The soft shell crab was really good as was the Hot Crunch Roll. Probably wouldn't be back though.
2	Nothing to rave about here.  Too much money for fair sushi. They add a 15% regardless of the group size.
3	Food was pretty tasty and the waitress was very nice and friendly... Overall, if I'm really hungry and in the mood for sushi, would probably come back...
1	Honestly even one star is overrating the quality of the food and service here. The food is honestly not that bad but the rice to fish ratio is ridiculous. We made a comment to the waitress who is apparently "in charge"  she was rude the moment we stepped inside. She talks back and she has no respect for the customers. She's Korean but she started talking trash about Korean people and stereotyping us making comments that was not appropriate or necessary.  I don't know why the own would pay someone like that to work. It was completely empt for the hour wee were there, probably because that lady is so rude and bitchy to all of the customers. Just e tone of her voice and attitude made me want to punch her in the faceI never get so mad at a server to the point of having to put her on blast on yelp but for those of you who are interested in eating here so ahead and take a look at her pic she's about late 40s early fifties.I don't know why ey charge a 15percent gratuity for people when the service sucks balls. The owner needs to get a new worker and train them to have better customer service because he just lost 12 customers.This place deserves no stars
1	Chef was ok, server was bitch. She was wearing red glasses and little bit fat. We ordered sushi.. It was horrible and rice was too much so I told her its too much rice.. I'm Korean.. She's Korean and all of sudden she said I have a bad attitude...wtf.. Hahahahahahahahahahahaha I said how can you do this to your customer.. She said I don't care I'm in charge of this restaurant...wtf.. And then she charged 15% for the tip..it was freakin mandatory..wtf...  I never gonna go back because that fat and old lady (whose in charge) server.   .
1	This is the very sucks place i ever seen. The manager is a bitch. She charged every fucking things that you tried to order like hot tea or lemon? what the fuck?! Don't waste your money on this restaurant I seriously said this. The manageris being so stupid as fuck! Charging 15 % for service ? Is it make sense?
1	I'm giving this place one star because it's unlimited but they give you a bad attitude when u start ordering more than two rolls Unlimited means unlimited Therefore if I want to eat 8 rolls I will eat eight rolls Also when I asked for more lemons they told me they ran out And it's okay I'm not going to so crazy if you run out, stuff happens, but they didn't run out because the people next to us asked for lemons and got lemons (Damn right they heard me out, and I got my lemons)Anyways the food would have been a three and a half star but the attitude of the people running the place makes it unpleasant.
5	This may be the only asian restaurant that ive been to where the service is not horrible. I am totally shocked at the bad reviews about service. We go about every 2 months as soon as you walk thru the door someone from somewhere in the restaurant  welcomes us and comes over to seat us. It can get crowded on the weekends, we like to sit at the bar and just keep handing our orders to the "sushi master" our selves. The waitresses are very attentive from making sure our drinks & water stay full, which are canned sodas , i never understood that so its not free on the refills, and ready to take your next order if your having the AYCE .The food is very fresh, the red bean ice cream that we cant find anywhere else is delicious. From beginning to end our dining experience has always been pleasant.
2	They wanted to charge us 15% ratuity for a party of four people or less which is absolutely ridiculous. The food did look good, though. Definitely a spot for tourists with money to burn...literally.
5	I am surprised about the negative reviews, my experience was largely positive. The sushi is a 4 star. The waitress could have been a little nicer. The reason I give it 5 stars is that you REALLY get your money's worth. All you can eat for $26. Actually it is not really AYCE; you get 3 rounds of ordering which is more than enough for me. They add a 15% gratuity, which I would have tipped anyway. Bottom line: for $26 you get a LOT of sushi, and I will definitely be back when I am in town next time.
3	Similar to most all the other AYCE Sushi Joints around Vegas.  Same fish - okay quality.  This place had a bit smaller selection than other places as they were missing Tamago of all things.  Location is in a cheezy little strip mall area.  Dining room was stark and cold but not unpleasant as was the service.  They only let you go 3 rounds on the AYCE but that's more than enough for most people (they don't want people camping out which is understandable.)  I did note that she didn't bring the sheet back after round 2 but my stomach was hurting by then.  Cooked food menu is very limited and quality is no different than a Japanese Counter Service place but with table service prices of $13+.  I wouldn't come here for anything other than AYCE which does include appetizers, teriyaki chicken, etc. etc.  I would give them 4 stars but I think they put a little too much rice with their sushi to fill you up on rice.  It's the normal amount of rice.  But some places, like Sushi Twister over on the East side of Vegas give you close to the same size pieces of fish with less rice so you don't get full as quickly.Overall, if you are in the North Strip area and really hungry, craving some Japanese food at a reasonable price, this is a decent choice.
1	Worst customer service I had In a while ! It took for ever to be seated and the drinks were so expensive and my sushi tasted old as if the fish wasn't fresh
1	We only came here because we were unfortunately too hungry to wait at Tacos El Gordo. The food was just ok and the service wasn't great either. First of all, the lady who greeted us only offered the AYCE menu ($25/person), which is not really AYCE as you are limited to only 3 rounds of food and given a set of "rules" to follow; it wasn't until we asked that we got the regular menu. After refusing the AYCE option, the waitress became a bit more rude...  A bunch of us ordered sushi rolls, and there was nothing to really rave over. I got the American Roll and was surprised to find that the salmon was pretty fresh, but the sushi rice was dry/undercooked. I wouldn't come back here. I'd recommend finding quality food and service elsewhere.
1	This place seriously sucks. Service sucks, sushi owner is rude  as hell and super slow at making sushi. I've never heard of one hour all you can eat. This place os just bad, period. Gratuitt Is Included for parties of FOUR and more. That ridiculous. I will never come back here. Take it from someone who eats sushi all the time, this place isn't worth it.
4	Seen all the bad reviews. So i was worried. But i was already in the same area and hungry. And It wasnt bad at all! Wasnt packed out but it was busy, and they were fast to get my rolls out. Good place to get your fix.
1	I wish I could put half of a star . Excuse my language but the waitress is a complete and total bitch. Assuming that I've never eaten sushi in my entire life, (been eating it since I was 5) . They put way too much rice for their sushi. Was placing it on the side to eat later and she said "please stop it no more leftover rice" ( when I was eating it separately) excuse me?! I'm paying $25 I shld be able to eat how I please.AYCE states you can eat as much as you want with anything unfortunately here they don't do that which is stupid. The staff is staring at us excessively and when I pointed out they were being rude they started treating me even worse. They automatically  include tip in the bill so even if you didn't want to tip you have to -__-The sushi is good too much rice I will not come here again
4	I loved it,  the sushi was fresh and brought out timely. The total bill was less then 33 dollars a person including tip.  The all you can eat is a great deal in Vegas on the strip.  We ate all the rolls and did not have a problem with re-ordering on a forth round.  The place was clean and they have a "A" rating. Staff was good to us, little bit of language challenge but that made it fun.
3	Rock n' Roll Sushi was ok. It was close to our hotel on the strip, so a group of us ventured over for dinner one night. All you can eat (AYCE) sushi for $25 a person is definitely a good deal. You can order up to 3 rounds, but must eat all pieces or they'll charge you for whatever is left over. They have a ton of options on the AYCE menu, from sushi to rolls to dessert. The sushi and rolls were ok, not bad, but definitely not the best I've even had. What do you expect for $25? As we ordered a variety of rolls, I found that all of them had fake crab salad inside. They must use it as a filler. The fried rolls are interesting, such as the sexy girl. Worth trying one! Also, we were not a fan of the baked rolls...warm sushi rolls = weird.
3	For an all you can eat sushi joint on the strip, this place is alright.  There are better places, but not walking distance from hotels at the convention center.  Prices are great, service is spotty.  But all in all a perfectly acceptable exoerience.
1	Customer service suck !!! I would like to give 3 stars to the foods , not too bad , price and foods are average ! But the customer service totally ruin it . Seriously the waitress just ruin it .
1	We read the menu from outside $30/person all you can eat sushi. Then beverages $10/drink. Add tips that's a total of $100 easily for 2 persons.  For a place that's placed in a corner with screaming advertisement (AYCES), I can't justify $100.So we didn't go in. I've had some bad experiences with below average & mediocre sushi restaurants which is why you should save your $100 and make a reservation at Nobu in Las Vegas.
