1	I bought a samsung 60 inch 3d smart tv on Febuary 5th. I also bought a 5 year extended warranty and a delivery package. I paid almost $2'200 dollars total. They told me I had 15 days to return the product if I did not like it. It was to be delivered to my house and set up on Febuary 12th. When they showed up to set up my tv it did not have the screws they needed so they said they would have to reschedule for another day. I explained to them that I only had 8 days to make sure I liked the tv. They said they would call me with the new date. Several days went by and I did not here anything from them. I called them several times and got nowhere. On Sunday, Febuary 16th I went to the store and ask to speak with a manager and explained to him my dilemma. He went and bought the screws himself that we needed while I waited at the store which I thought was very nice. I explained to him and two other people that were helping that I was running out of time and only had  a few days left to return the tv if I did not like it and haven't even had it installed yet. I told them I had Monday Febuary 17th off work. They said they would work on making that happen and I did not have to wait they would call me back. I had already been at the store for an hour. The next day someone from Best Buy called at 10:30 A.M. and asked if someone had set up a delivery time. I explained what was going on and they said they would find out and call me back. I never got a call. I called three times that day to see if they were going to deliver the tv. Everyone I spoke to said they would call me back and they never did. I sit at home waiting for them all day for nothing. Today, Febuary 18th I decided to call Best Buy customer service to see if someone could help me. I called three times. Every phone call ended the same way. I would tell the person my story and they would put me on hold for 30 minutes and then hang up on me. Even though I do not want take the tv back I think it is my only option. I only have 2 days left to return it if I don't like it. Unfortunately I have no way to know if I do because it is still sitting in the box. I have bought all of my phones, I-pads, tv's and electronics from Best Buy in the past but I will probably take my business elsewhere now.
1	Never, never buy a service contract from Best Buy on a phone - they don't deliver - AND don't deal with JR who is the manager and sexist piehole.Bought an iPhone 5s and purchased a service contract.  The associate that helped me was obviously a trainee and it took several hours to get everything set up.  She described the service contract as complete - anything that happened to the phone, I would get a new one or mine would be fixed  (hard to do when they are solid state). When my phone overheated and died, I went to Best Buy to get a replacement (having paid $9.99 per month for this "protection") .  FIRST, the manager JR asked if I had put the phone inthe oven with a casserole, and then told me that I jsut needed to turn it on.I went home to do what he suggested - plug it in to my computer - which he said would fix it, and saw that it could not connect through Itunes.  Back to the store I went and I was told I would need to pay them a $150 service fee to get a new phone.  I was stunned - why would I pay a service fee of $150 when I bought a full coverage contract - I was told the contract details had changed and probably the trainee failed to tell me the important detail.I have been a good customer for that store, but now will never return. EVER
1	This place gets worse and worse!! The people (especially management) are blatantly rude. I've spent around 20 grand in here over the past 6 years, they do not care at all. They do not care about keeping customers. They interrupt you while you are talking to say things like " well it doesn't matter what the sales person said to you, did you read all your paper work that was email to you ".. That was in regards to a policy change in how they handle their service plans. And when I said " I think when someone spends $800 on a phone, you should be clear on the service plan" , which he also quickly responded with "you only paid $740 " ... Really, THAT'S the statements the store manager should interrupt a customer to say? Ridiculous. I use to promote best buy, and tell people to shop there as opposed to online places like amazon. Because for the little extra money, you got service... I have bow changed my tune. By by best buy.
