4	I like this place and I have a feeling I'm going to REALLY like it in months to come. I made it to the soft opening today and while it's clear there are a few kinks to work out, as any new restaurant opening may have, I think they will have them easily under control. To start, the atmosphere is great. They gutted Hartigans, took out the booths, added a great see through garage door (like Nan and Byrons) that will open up to outdoor seating, dazzled up the bar, redid all the wooding on the walls. It feels a lot more spacious and has a nice casual, but not too casual, vibe about it. Basically, for game days, this place will be on point. (They will have a special game day menu that I am interested to check out).Now the menu and food! I am a fan. Their Apps are definitely the star dishes. For apps we tried the Chicken Wings in OMB Copper Buffalo and Barbalo sauce, the Pork Wings, and the Smoked Duck Tacos. Not a single thing disappointed. The wings were great, I really enjoyed the OMB Copper sauce. The Smoked Duck Tacos were very good too - the house plum bbq sauce definitely has a kick to it but it really complimented the duck. The pork wings were fantastic (Beer Braised Pork Shanks Tossed in a Sweet Chili Cheer Wine BBQ Sauce, yes, please, two times) they are pretty big and pretty delicious. For our meals, what I remember is the Chipotle Avocado Chicken Sandwich, Smoked Bacon Chicken Caesar Melt, Korean Bulgogi Lettuce Wraps, and a Flank Steak Sandwich (also sweet potato fries and house chips). Everything looked great, I had the Flank steak sandwich and I enjoyed it - a little too bready but I thought the amount of food was filling and tasted great. The person who had the lettuce wraps, which has flank steak in it too, thought it was a little salty but overall a great dish. All in all, the food was interesting in a good way; I was impressed not to see a standard menu, by any means. There are a lot of great looking things that I want to try (like the Smoked Duck French Dip and the T.E.D. Sandwich - 'Turkey Every Day,' i think thats what it stood for.)We unfortunately didn't get to see their beer list, so I am also very interested to see that when its finally open (They will also have liquor, I believe). Given that they were still doing construction today and that it was there soft opening, you expect a few kinks. the food took quite a while to come out but I imagine that that is something that will be smoothed over in a short amount of time. The service was great though - heavily staffed, really polite waitresses. (She offered a song and dance while we waited, I mean, c'mon, that's great stuff!)Maybe small edits once they're open but this place has GREAT potential and it looks like it will reach it. I know that once its fully up and functional that I will probably be back frequently!
5	Chicken wings....fall off the bone delicious. Gonna be an awesome place. Great food great bar. ..lots of tvs
5	Attended the media event for the launch of Draught. Really impressed with the venue, staff, and menu. I'd only driven past the old location which was easily missed. Now you can't miss the giant lettering and awesome signage they have outside. The giant garage door basically says 'You should hang out here' because ti's going to be a fun place. Inside has an awesome mix of vintage looking wood, pipes, and edison bulbs. Even the floors caught my eye and complete the vintage, yet cool look. Their beer list is a mix of craft and domestic which I'd usually frown upon(missing my OMB Copper). Though I know they are aiming hard at the tailgate crowd so I'll let the lack of unique craft beers slide.. for now. The food is upscale southern with a few randoms tossed in. My table ordered the deviled eggs and duck tacos for apps - both quite good. I had the meat loaf for an entree and really enjoyed it. The mashed potatoes in particular were amazing. Tasted a little bit of everyone's food at the table. There was no loser.. I'll be back to order different things for sure. After dinner we got a tour of the entire place including the bonus downstairs which I didn't even know existed. Downstairs is going to be a blast during the tailgate/game time. Really looking forward to a crowded Panthers Sunday soon!Overall I'm happy for an alternative to upscale in uptown. Don't get me wrong - I love all the bars we have on 5th street right now, but this place just has more of a pub feel. Something we really lack within the 277 loop.
5	AMAZING AMAZING!!! We had wings, entrees, dessert and drinks and LOVED it all. Delicious food, great menu and the beer/wine selection was awesome. Vibe is funky but casual, loved the decor. ALL the staff, was superb, especially our waitress Nicole; she was so great. Also, location on Panther game-days will be incredible. I CANT WAIT to go back; SO SO SO GOOD!!!!
4	I am so happy Draught is here. The location is so convenient to the stadium, the decor on the inside is relaxing and the food ranges from solid bar food like wings to more foodie choices. The meatloaf was excellent as the sauce made the dish. We fought over the last pimento cheese fritter appetizer. So creamy and delicious. This is going to be a fun after work hangout.
5	Had dinner at Draught with friends nice restaurant,the food was great I had the Korean bbq in lettuce wraps GREAT. Should be even better when the patio opens.
4	Great people and atmosphere with a creative and so far, delicious Menu.  We will be back.
2	Long story short, this place had growing pains and a bit of a whirlwind party.
5	This place is awesome!!  First time actually eating here and I had the meatloaf with collars and red mash potatoes!!  Extremely impressed!!  Not to mention management and staff where very pleasant and greeted me as I walk in. Also a great beer selection!!  Looking forward to seeing there cocktail menu once they really get up and running!!  Great job guys!!
3	Went for dinner on a Tuesday. First time there. First thoughts- The hostess stand/ entrance wasn't clear. We walked in through the outdoor seating and the hostess waved us over. I could see this being an issue if it's busier. The decor/atmosphere is relaxed and casual. The food. We ordered the Parmesan pretzels and avocado salsa. The pretzels were super salty. We had to scrape off all the salt/Parmesan to make them edible. The cheese dip was tasty but quickly became a solid because it wasn't quite hot enough. The avocado salsa was tasty but came with potato chips - some which were soggy. It made the salsa difficult to eat. For my main dish I got the whiskey chicken. The chicken had nice flavor. The dish came with potatoes and brussel sprouts. The potatoes were dry and brussel sprouts just tasted like they had been char grilled with no seasoning.Overall it was okay. It wasn't bad. It wasn't wonderful.  The service was attentive.  I'll probably go back and give lunch a shot.
5	Great dinner food was amazing the beer selection was great service was little slow just needs a little time to get open and running up to scale
4	Let's start with the basic thing you need to know: it is pronounced like draft.Remember when this spot was Hartigan's? Okay, well Draught is the complete opposite of that. The new owners gutted this place. A ton of work went into remodeling and giving it a total makeover. It looks great. I'm a sucker for places with big garage doors that open onto the patio.So, how does one describe what exactly Draught is? Well, that gets tricky because it's a mixture of so many things. It's a great place to grab lunch or dinner. A solid option for happy hour or late night cocktails. And more importantly, it's the new hot spot for Panthers tailgates and home games. RARRRRRRRRR! That's my Panthers roar.Let's talk menu: (yes, i've eaten a lot here)-Fried green tomatoes. They have goat cheese in them. Holy-Nachos: pulled pork and cheese. That's a dynamic duo right there. I love that they use house made potato chips instead of nacho chips for these.-Pork wings. Three words: Cheerwine BBQ Sauce. I'm a huge fan of these.-Egg rolls. They change it up each week with a new creation for just $5.-Pimento cheese bites. Let's be honest: deep fried pimento cheese wins every time.-Duck tacos. Didn't love these as much as I had hoped I would. -Kitchen sink meatloaf. The meatloaf is good, but it's the potatoes that are the star of this entree.-Korean Bulgogi Lettuce Wraps. I like these, but not as an entree. I recommend getting them to share. Great beer selection. Service started out slow and super inconsistent in the first few weeks (typical of course with a new place), but they have been ironing out the kinks and it is much improved.A ton of tvs here... both upstairs and downstairs. Draught is literally in Bank of America Stadium's backyard. The CANS Recycled crew has moved here. What does that mean? A lot of people. They fence off part of the parking lot for a big tailgate area. If you don't like crowds, this probably isn't your scene for a home game.
4	***Update: I tried the duck French Dip and it was good as hell***Cool atmosphere,  great beer selection, ok food.  I have been to Draught to eat a few times now. I would try their duck French drip, but I wanted a beef French drip. I think it would be great if they stuck to REALLY good bar food, sandwiches and maybe a few steaks... It is more of a sports bar, so stick to that! Would be cool if they had a few bar games downstairs (darts, mega touch, pool... Anything?) Overall a cool place, but I hope some changes are made to make it cooler!!
3	Draught, I really REALLY wanted to give you 5 stars. The location close to the stadium is excellent. I am a huge Panther fan and definitely will be back on game day.  I love the relaxed  and rustic decor of wood and metal. The have a garage door opening to the patio which I picture to be packed in the fall on Sundays. For what it's worth, we visited at 3:30 on the Sunday of Labor Day so I'm sure the D Squad was working serving detail. However, there was a total of 4 severs and 11 people including us. That's PEOPLE,  not tables.We were seated and several severs walked past us without acknowledgement. Pet Peeve - just cuz you're not our server, would it be that hard to say that your server will be right with you? Anyway, we waited a good 8-10 minutes before she came by for our drink order.  I got the grilled flatbread with pulled pork.  Slightly sweet and crisp. I would order it again. Huz had the Tequila Shrimp Bowl full of large grilled shrimp, corn and rice. He said it was great and polished it off.  We waited another 10 minutes with empty drinks before our server came back.  Finally just got our check and left. All in all, a great new addition to the casual bar scene.  I will be back and update my review.   Hopefully they work out the service kinks soon.
5	Great new joint where Hartigans used to be. More upscale, 30 plus beer selection and the staff is mostly Johnson & Wales so the food is off the hook. They offer three kinds of deviled eggs that are better than sushi. Tonight (Wed) is half priced wine night. Great place to take a date, not too haughty, but blueblood enough to impress and with plenty of TVs. 3 blocks from B of A stadium.
5	We tried Draught for the first time last night and were definitely pleasantly surprised. We used to drive by the old Hartigan's and pray that they turned it into something better and that's exactly what they've done. The whole bar has a rustic feel as it's covered in wood and sparingly decorated (in a good way!) They have a decent craft beer list, although they could stand to offer more (better) local draughts. The food was incredible! We got the avocado salsa which is served with house made kettle chips. We also ordered the egg rolls which change each week. They were "Cuban" egg rolls and were to die for. I ordered the scallop salad which was absolutely delicious and made sure not to douse it in salad so I could bring the rest home with me (which I never do!)The staff was really friendly and attentive. We were that annoying table that isn't ever ready to order and our server stayed patient and friendly the whole time. The manager checked in on us and made sure everyone was happy. They also have a really cool giant glass garage door that they opened up once it started to get busy inside. It really changed the atmosphere in an awesome way and brought the outside in! We got there around 6:30 but it didn't start to get busy until 8 or so. We are so excited about this place as we're moving into the neighborhood in December and can't wait to become regulars! Highly recommended!
2	I had very high hopes for this place, as its the new 'home' of the Charlotte MSU Spartan's group.  We showed up early Saturday evening with friends and were asked by a bouncer if we were here for Michigan State.  He told us the MSU game watch was downstairs, but they would ONLY be showing that game there. Since our friends were interested in other games, the bouncer advised us to have a seat in the main dining room, as they were going to have a bunch of games on. We were greeted, promptly seated, and brought beers from their fairly large draft list. The interior was decorated in a cool way - kind of industrial, with lots of wooden beams. The waitress was nice, but quickly became busy - can't blame her; it was game day! Our plan was to stick around for some football, have some drinks and maybe get some food. That plan, however, was quickly derailed. After maybe about an hour, every TV was changed to  the Miami game. At first we thought it was a malfunction, because the picture quality was so terrible. In fact, we realized that they were actually streaming this game from someone's computer - you could even see a cursor hovering in the corner. We asked the waitress if she could get someone to change a couple of the TVs in the area to one of the other 6 games that were going on at the time. She agreed and hurried off, only to return with bad news. She advised us that the front half of the bar was designated for Miami and that the back half had other games on.... but there were no available seats in that area. To make matters worse, a group of rather obnoxious Miami fans were sat next to us. Part of the experience of going out for a football game is getting there early, staking out the best view in the house, and settling in for some beer and wings. What's the point of getting a table if they are going to change EVERY screen to a different game? Draught succeeded in alienating me and my friends. I can't rate them on their food, because we didn't want to stay to watch a poor feed of a came none of us were interested in. Better luck next time, Draught.
4	I love that Draught finally came in and took over the old Hartigans spot!  My visit was great on a Friday night sitting outside listening to live music.  I arrived at 9:45 and they only had their late night menu available.  Which to me seems kind of early.  Most places kitchen's serve most of their menu until 11.I had the nachos and fried green tomatoes. The goat cheese paired very well with the tomatoes and the nachos were plentiful at a decent price.  The beer selection was average, but our server only knew the brewery names and not what type of beer was being served.  Doh!  This looks like it is going to be a great game day spot and I will be back for food.Here are the things they need to approve upon.  Late night menu should start late night.Servers need to be educated about drinks.I know this was a lesbian bar, but damn only one at a time in the men's bathroom upstairs? Add a couple urinals and dividers please!
2	Don't go for the game day food. Doesn't hold a candle to Hartigans food.  Atmosphere is ok but the chicken was super dry and the bread was stale and crumbly. Close to the stadium tho which is good.
4	I work and live less than a mile away so I've already been to Draught quite a few times. Overall I recommend it, but heed warning that it is pricier than your average neighborhood joint.Very low key and casual vibe. Upstairs has a bar, high tops, booth and table seatings with TVs. Downstairs is usually reserved for larger groups, tailgates, late nights and football. They have a decent beer list (30 or so) but for a place called draught you'd think they'd have a few more options on tap.Decently sized menu - everything from more standard pub pub favorites like burgers, sandwiches, flatbreads, and wings but also a few curveballs such as shrimp rice bowl, duck tacos, and lettuce wraps.Good place for lunch, happy hour or football.
5	This place might become my new go to bar.  I went in for the first time since the remodel and was extremely impressed.  The whole place feels wry opened and bright and clean.  With the number of TVs they have all around the bar this is a great place to watch football. The service was great, our bartender knew the menu well and gave us some great recommendations.  We ordered pretzels to start and I got the chicken bacon cesar melt.  Food came out fast and it was delicious. I'll definitely be back here.
4	I really try not to hype myself too much about a place before trying it myself to give them a fair shot, but after much anticipation, I finally got to try Draught (pronounced Dra:ft)!!It was a Thursday evening and we got there before the Thursday Night Football crowd.  No wait for a table, and our waitress let us pa ruse the menu before deciding on Pimento Cheese Fritters and the 3rd Ward Special:  Smoked Duck French Dip sandwich and fries.  The place had me at "Pimento Cheese" but when you fry it up into awesome bites, it just makes it that much better!  The smoked duck french dip was so delicious that it was pretty much gone in 60 seconds.There is a rather large parking area for being that close to uptown and the space is super nice.  I like the use of wood and modern/clean lines.  There are tv's galore for watching games/sports and a good selection of local beers on tap.  I can see this place being a great place to meet up and tailgate before a Panthers game and/or even a Knights baseball game.
5	This joint has a BANG'IN 5 Star menu that hits on all cylinders every time. They stole the head chef from some swanky uptown spot and he made this artwork of a menu and maintains it on a daily basis. If you want a magnificent meal or just a succulent snack (app) with a plethora of beers/drinks to choose from, I highly advise you to get you hungry, stylish ass into this front door here, it's the place to be on the Queen-Cityz South-side. Oh and as a bonus you can tell (Tara or Ryan who both rock) or anyone at the bar really, that the Guy Fieri look-a-like dude from the stadium enlightened you and there might just be something in it for ya.... ((BOOM!!))~Stay hungry my friends
1	I was very much looking forward to enjoying this new sports bar that's the good part but, when I arrived although there were empty tables I was told a 2 hour wait due to they cater to Miami and another team for those groups only if your in that party? These were the only games on the tv's with so many other teams playing. I really wanted to try the place out as the decor looks awesome and really looked like a fun place but, felt like if you weren't a part of these two teams you weren't welcome. I get the commitment to certain teams but to feel as if your not welcome when there are open tables because that's a certain team spot did not make me want to come back. I really wanted this place to be awesome but I won't be wasting my time to come try again risking not being able to take part.
5	The greatest Panther bar in Charlotte with the CANS:Recyled event for every game, home or away! Music, Bud Lite, great Panther fans, big screen TVs everywhere and 100 yards from Bank of America stadium so you can hear the Panther Fans ROAR! #keeppounding ! #panthernation !
5	Fantastic spot for whiskey and pre/post Jaguar football.  Great outdoor environment and fun people watching!
5	So glad I found this place. 5 stars in every way, food, beer and service. We had the Korean BBQ lettuce wraps, duck flatbread, and mushroom and goat cheese flatbread - all were phenomenal. The duck prepared on the flatbread was the best I've ever had. The menu is really creative with plenty of options. You can get adventurous and try something new or get a classic with a twist.Our bartender Tara took great care of us, let us try a lot of the beers we had never seen before and was so nice to talk to.If you haven't tried Draught (pronounced draft) you should try it while it's still a hidden gem.
4	The food was awesome especially the pork wings which I had never seen before. The key lime pie was also on point. Last but not least the bartender 'T' she is the best and deserving of a special thank you for such a nice welcome to Charlotte.
2	I have been waiting for a great bar/restaurant down the road from my apartment and was excited when draught opened. I took my boyfriend with me to check out the menu, not to mention he is an executive chef and I am also in the industry. The waitress was great and the food was decent. I had the BBQ chicken Caesar salad which was good and my boyfriend had the pappardelle pasta with chicken instead of shrimp. He said the pasta was very tough, he had to cut it with a knife. But that wasn't what was bad, it was watching the sous chef walk around texting on his cell phone. Standing outside just watching the maintenance man. You can see in the kitchen and see the cooks eating and drinking and then going directly into touching our ready to eat food which really grossed us out. We watched a server put her hand in someone's food to see if it was hot which also was disgusting. I hope this place lasts but I am not sure we will be back.
3	I like the atmosphere, apart from the 8 bouncers in black standing around doing nothing other than trying to look menacing. Seriously, why are there that many bouncers on a Sunday for an away game? I liked that the downstairs had a DJ who plays music during commercials on game day, very fun! My food has not been great though (as a vegetarian). Black bean burger was very dry, as was the flatbread. Fried green tomatoes would be better with the goat cheese served on top rather than cooked inside the breading, because it leaks out during cooking. Fries were underdone and flaccid. I will go back though!
4	Great place, but not the greatest service. I've been a few times, the bartenders are great... Servers not so much. Anything duck is delicious! Awesome atmosphere for college game day or pro games!
5	First time here and the good and service was great. Get the nachos and the avocado chicken sandwich. Both were delicious.
5	Amazing service...amazing food. We'll definitely be back. We tried the nachos, the egg roll of the week and a flatbread. The nachos were insanely good...BBQ pork on top of house made chips. We'll be back for sure.
4	I was recently lamenting that FreeMoreWest didn't have a neighborhood bar, and poof! Draught announces their opening. Why, thank you alcoholic Genie for granting me my wish! I went to the soft opening and was really impressed by the comfortable, stylish interior that isn't trying too hard. I loved the open front with the garage doors, lots of TVs and private dining room downstairs you can rent for company events, family parties, etc. They added some picnic tables outside on the patio in the shadow of the uptown skyline, which is lovely in the evening. Personally I get claustrophobic with big crowds so I'm not going to be one to go on game days, but good for them for making it a huge destination. During the Steelers pregame, the whole parking lot was crazy. This is called Draught so I should focus on the beer and bar, but I'm not an expert on that so let me focus on where my talents lie. As others mentioned, they do not have the typical boring bar food, and I really appreciate that they have lower fat items too.  I've been for both lunch and dinner and their lunch menu has lots of gourmet delicious salads like Cranberry Apple Salad with grilled chicken and maple cider vinaigrette or Warm Kale salad and even a lemon dijon salmon burger (which I really really enjoyed!!) I can't wait to try the turkey cornbread sandwich too.  They also have a kids menu for the littles.Their appetizers take some classics and turn them on their head like Root Beer or Cheerwine BBQ wings, or crab stuffed deviled eggs, and pimento cheese fritters (the stud's favorite, though not the healthiest). We also tried the egg roll of the week one time and it was chicken enchiladas, and it was surprisingly delicious! For dinner, their entrees are definitely beyond what you'd expect from a bar: how about a Crown Royal Maple Glazed Smoked Duck Breast over a bed of wilted Purple Kale and Wild Rice or Hoisin Glazed Scallops over cucumber slaw and Orange Jalapeno Vinaigrette (good but definitely lighter). I really enjoyed the Paleo-friendly Bulgogi steak Lettuce wraps. Perfect dinner choice for me. The pasta with garlic shrimp was really enjoyed by my hubs, but I hated the chicken with pineapple marinade. I am hoping they replace that chicken dish with something else. If you like finishing off a dinner with something sweet like me, they bring in desserts from a pastry chef in town but I am surprised to report the berry tart was To. Die. For. Definitely worth the calories. Service is friendly, frequent and really prompt, even when it's a busy Saturday night which is appreciated.Bottom line: 4.5 stars, great underrated lunch spot, and fantastic casual place to meet friends for a drink and gourmet grub.
1	Really wanted to like this place. We called before coming to make sure they were playing several football games so we could watch our Broncos game. After arriving we had to wait until start time in order to find out which tv would have our game on only to find out they were only playing 2 games between all TVs. They are completely inflexible on even changing one tv to another game. Don't come here during a panthers game if you want to watch any other game. The food did look delicious and the bar looks awesome.
4	Food was great and beer selection was alright. Great place to watch the Panthers game.
4	Great food, went here for lunch and I'm planning to get here more often.  Will edit this review with more detail once I explore the menu better, there are tons of things I want to try...
5	Came here to watch a football game with some friends from out of town. We were all impressed with the delicious food and friendly service. We ordered the pork wings as an app and they were amazing! Will absolutely be returning for the good food and drinks!
5	Great spot to get beers and the food is awesome! They have multiple pumpkin beers on tap... A lot of other places always say they run out. And being a girl pumpkin beer is a must for the fall. Definitely recommend it- especially the nachos!
4	Beer braised pork shanks in cheer wine BBQ sauce - where have you been all my life?   Unbelievably good.  The pork is tender and juicy, literally falls off the bone.   The Korean BBQ lettuce wraps are also amazing.  I "discovered" these treats at a yelp part, so can't say much about the restaurant itself, but if everyone is as nice as the folks working the party then it must be an awesome place.  Awesome
3	First let me say that the interiors are pretty awesome.  I like the feel of the place and the patio looks like a solid place to hang out and day drink or relax in general.The food choices are unique and I'll have to explore more next time but this visit I had the lettuce wraps.  They were tasty and great but a bit of a tough one to eat with out chewing like a rabid dog.  I know korean beef is tough so maybe I should have thought that through.  My advice, if you're on a first date, don't get the wraps.  You'll make a mess most likely.The staff was struggling during our visit it seemed but I noticed they started to get plates out quicker as our lunch hour went on.The beer list seemed solid, although I kind of expected a more unique list of taps available.  With a name like Draught I just imagined a more extensive variety.  The parking seems a little limited but not impossible.
5	I REALLY like this place. The atmosphere is great and the crowd is usually full of young professional types. It's a good spot for football and I like the outside seating. It's also conveniently in my neighborhood, and right beside Bank of America stadium. The food has always been delicious. I assumed they'd have typical bar food but it's so much better. They have scallops, deviled eggs and some other interesting selections. I usually go with the French Dip (third ward special) which they make with duck and Gruyere. I've also had the Korean lettuce wraps. They were very good but I felt it didn't come with enough food to warrant the higher price...which is rare for me because normally I want portions to be smaller! The chicken Caesar salad was delicious too I do wish they had more local beers.
5	Killer foodie spot and a beer lover's heaven. Great service, cool decor, reasonable parking, solid specials, and I can roll home if I over indulge.
5	This place has really stepped it's game up. After going through growing pains, overall this place is really hit it's stride. Great food, great beers, and awesome ambiance.
4	Came here last Friday for some food and drinks. Great place. I loved the Pimento Cheese Fritters and the pork wings. I ordered the duck flatbread with apple butter, and I thought it was great. My friend ordered the meatloaf and I must say you all need to work on your collard greens. Oh boy those things were sooooo bland. No one at the table (7 people) liked the greens. So I think those need to be reworked asap. Overall everything else was great. Good portions, good price, and the band that was playing was really good!
4	My wife and I visited recently on a Thursday night. We were big fans. I never went here when it was Hartigans, so I can't do a before and after, but I can say the after is very nice. The look is very cool, the service was friendly and the food was good. I had the salmon burger and sweet potato fries, which were good (although the burger wasn't quite as good as it sounded to me). The wife had a salad that she really liked (although it was fairly small considering it was about $13 - $15 after adding a piece a salmon). We'll definitely be going here regularly.
5	Went here on a Thursday. Lots of industry professionals having drinks after work. I ordered he 10pc pork wings..... Worth every bite! Loved it! The sauce they were coated in was pretty tasty. Be aware of the parking lot. It can get crowded. I parked in the next lot over one
4	We have been here a few times to watch football. The bartenders are great! The beer list is decent and they have good wine & cocktails. The food has been good. We live close by and would love for this to be our go to spot but the menu is limited and way too much duck!Cheers!
4	Stopped by Draught for a Cufflinks and Cocktail event during the week. The upstairs section was pretty busy but our event was held downstairs. There was a small bar and tables and what looked like maybe a space for a musician/band. I ordered one of the drinks that were on special and had their lemon pepper wings. The wings and drink were pretty good. I think they might have been slightly overwhelmed with the size of the crowd but I thought it was a pretty neat place. I would like to go back for dinner one day and a drink .  I also checked in with my Yelp App and received 20% off my bill ! Yay  There is parking lot right beside the bar, but there is also parking further up the street.
4	I've been twice to this place so far and I've enjoyed it a lot. Pretty good beer selection, wine is pretty good but a bit pricey for the selection but Wednesdays are half off bottles of wine so go that day if you are a big wine drinker. They have good drink specials through the week especially $3 draughts on Mondays. The food has been great! I had the duck pot pie... to die for. The pimento cheese balls with the spicy sweet honey sauce.. very addicting. I enjoy the egg rolls of the week; I've had the southwestern and the shrimp and grits. My SO got the meatloaf and although I found it to be tasty he wasn't too impressed. It's pretty a standard meatloaf despite the varying "fancy" meats in it with typical sides.I like the feel and atmosphere inside. They have garage doors that open and a patio that looks like it will be a nice hangout when it warms up a bit. I will definitely return.
5	Feels like home! Great food, Great drinks & Great people!!This place has become one of my favorite sports bars in town. It's close to the city, but not downtown. They have a ton of brand new tvs on every inch of the walls and are able to change the sound for the area you are seated in. I am a bit bias, as it houses the Michigan State Alumni Club of Charlotte - Go Green! They even have some Michigan brews on tap too. This place is also the official game watch for Clemson and Miami. Best Tip about this place: there is a back entrance on the lower side to the downstairs bar, plus it has a HUGE projector screen downstairs too!!
4	After hearing lots of good things about this I made it a point to give this place a shot. Came here one Sunday night to grab a bite to eat and watch some football. TVs, cold beer, good food & football. What more can someone as for, right? I had the nachos which were fantastic -- came with pulled pork, tons of cheese -- and they use crinkle cut potato chips which seemed homemade. I also had the pub burger which was solid...not out of this world but pretty good. Service was great as our server constantly checked in and kept the cold beer coming.This place is right next to the BOA stadium and I can totally see it doing well on game days. Overall, I have no complaints about this place. I would recommend it to ANYONE looking for a good bite to eat.
3	Please note that this review is on my particular experience & it was not an average day. Plus, I have out-aged the crowded bar scene. We went for the Belk Bowl and the Georgia Bulldogs tailgating was designated to be here. Walked over a mile to find no tailgating in the parking lot! Boo! It isn't typical for the fans not to tailgate. So we went inside. It was mass chaos. Nowhere to sit. Limited access to get a drink. Everyone wanted to watch football, but there was a band inside & a DJ outside, so you couldn't hear anything. Even outside we had to shout at each other in conversation. We would have gone somewhere else had it not been such a long walk back to the other bars. It was stifling hot inside, but freezing outside. It was all around a comical situation. We managed to get a drink & an order of tasty nachos & we made the best of it. They do have a nice selection at the bar & a good menu. Thank you for carrying ginger beer! This is probably a fun place when not packed to capacity. Big plus, it is very easy walk to the stadium.
1	This was my first time here. Awesome atmosphere and really good food. But I will never come back due to the customer service I received. It was extremely packed due to the panthers game so I decided to go wait in line for the Porta-Jon. A man approached me rudely and told me I was in the walk way and needed to move. Everyone I was standing with was in the same spot I was but I was the one rudely approached. I told him he didn't have to be rude about it and his respond was " I'm the manager here and you need to move". He left and came back a min later and tried to kick me out of the restaurant because I "still had not moved". The manager was a shorter gentlemen with dark brown hair. I can't believe he is even a manager and able to talk to customers like that. He was so disrespectful to me and because of that I will  never come back. That really sucks because I really enjoyed myself there.
4	My university's alumni club hosts game watches at Draught and I've had a good experience each time. The atmosphere is probably the best part - it's really well done, comfortable, and inviting. They also have a good variety of beers on tap and the service has been friendly and helpful.
