4	I am a fan of the medium size crispy chicken deluxe extra value. At $3.87 it is a bargain. So, usually when I head north and I am in the Wendy's mood I.ll dine here. There is plenty of parking. The restaurant is never packed.
1	I LOVE Wendy's. I do. It's awesome. Not this one though. There is a reason why this one is never busy. And I have tried. OVER and OVER. Because I just love their food...when it is right.Every time we go, EVERY TIME, our order gets messed up. It is to the point where every other time our meal is free. My boyfriend went through and got one thing, an M and M chocolate frosty. Guess what he got? An oreo frosty. O.o If we order sandwiches with no sauce, we get extra sauce and no bacon or cheese. It is a different worker every time, their turnover rate is crazy so we know it is not us. They have some weird system that they have to beat a time for people to drive up. Once my boyfriends car was almost hit by the girl swinging garbage out of the window to fool the timer. She thought it was funny that his car almost got hit. Last time I went the guy was swinging the dustpan and broom out. This is a great location, and would do awesome business if they would get their act together. Maybe they need new management, because it can't be the workers fault every time. You have to train your employees properly, and give them tools for success, which every person who works there can't be lacking without some incompetence from management.
1	Its been a few months so I thought I'd give them another shot. Weelll although there were six different sauces rung on my ticket...my total in bag net was zero. I also was charged for two salads when I ordered one. I ran in to get sauce and just told the lady the extra salad rather than wait for a refund. Got home to no croutons for salad. D:    gah. Never again.
3	It is fast food, so you can't expect a 'true' healthy meal. However, they are pretty efficient even when it is lunch hour especially near a school. And they do accept the coupons that you get in the mail so even better! More savings for those who are on a budget. Always love the frosty and their chili. That's probably the only things I ordered from them.
2	The only reason for 2 stars is because I like their food. Service was slow and the employees would step away from the register for several minutes at a time before taking orders. When their was a problem with a customer there was a scramble to try to fix it and a lot of confusion. Would recommend different Wendy's locations over this one.
1	Just got totally ripped off at the drive-thru.  Ordered a half salad and a medium drink.  Got charged for a chili, burger + premium drink with extra shot of flavor and extra cheese on the chili.Thought the price was high, but was crunched for time and don't have the ability to go back for several hours to complain.  At that point, and even now, it will be my word against worker as to what I ordered.  Although I did receive exactly what I asked for, rather than the food reflected on the receipt.
2	So I haven't had Wendy's in years.. Had their lunch value menu 2 double patty cheeseburger .. Ok I'm not going to say it didn't taste ok but it was dripping greasy.. Made my stomach sick.. Also no lines and you still have to wait for your meal.. Took long..
