4	Great wee bar to meet locals , small inside but a great atmosphere , you may be lucky as sometimes the pipers come in and do their stuff , staff are friendly and handy position where it's located.
3	I had a friend visiting from England who came to meet me with shock that there was a bar called The He Brides and was that bar for transexual brides? I was totally confused until he took me here and I explained that The Hebrides were islands off the West Coast of Scotland. Not pronounced He Brides. So obviously we had to go in.The bar is really small and quite dingy. It is filled with regulars who upon hearing my friends English accent struck up the old Braveheart conversation. It was all in good humour and they were all quite friendly. Drinks were fine and reasonably priced too. Now if I am waiting for a train at Waverley and fancy a drink I will often pop in here. Its one of the most real Edinburgh bars with real Edinburgh people that you will get in the city centre, so worth popping in just to see the difference between a small, local pub and the corporate, chain pubs which now litter Edinburgh.
1	The Hebrides Bar is exactly what you would expect from a train-station local....very localised! The punters all knew each other when I came in for a quick tipple with my mum before going to London, and we were met with silence and watched until we had taken our seat. There was no effort to make us feel welcome, or even comfortable.Upon speaking to my friends about Hebrides bar, they were surprised as they have had really good experiences in the bar - at the weekend and late at night! I'm planning on going back at the weekend to see if it will change my mind....but I don't have high hopes
3	I cant say I had the 'You arent a local' treatment, but I think that might have been because I arrived with a friend whose local the Hebrides Bar is.To be honest, if I had of arrived without my friend i think i would have hated it - it was quiet, dark, dingy, small, uncomfortable and had a atmosphere of 'leave-me-the-f**k-alone'. Charming. There were a lot of whiskeys however, which my friend loves so I guess thats why he likes this place. Overall, I actually had a good night. Whether that was a combination of being with my friend or wanting a quiet night of supping pints, I dont know.
3	Being one of the first public house establishments you encounter as you come up Waverley Station from this side, one would expect it to be full of travellers and tourists enjoying their first or last pint in the city.This ain't the case for this place. Although it seems inviting from the outsider it certainly is a local pub with it's regulars which means if they don't like the look of you then don't expect great service. Or a smile.Now before you get up in arms about this, I don't always find this such a bad  thing- adds a bit of local attitude. Sure it's full of grumpy old men but buy them a pint and get them chatting and you made yourself a friend. Not everywhere has turned to Starbucks fake smile service yet and not everyone wants to either. So yes it's slightly hostile but perhaps being a bit more thick-skinned about the whole thing ain't a bad life lesson. If they see you don't give a damn that they don't give a damn then everyone is happy. (in their own misserable way).
5	MONDAY's at 4PM  this is the place to be.  local musicians come in to play great music.  had a blast here.  mostly locals here, but everyone was very friendly.  spent many hours here talking with the locals outside and had many laughs.the main highlight of the day, was a young gentleman came in after a long day of playing the bagpipes and graced us with two excellent songs inside the pub.  WOW is all i could say. i was able to record the him and the locals playing just awesome music.  thanks for the great memories.
2	I only swung by this place because if the name, I could not see any connection this bar could have to the Hebrides unless you take the map on the wall into count, but that's where it stops. This bar looks more like a chain pub that has been fitted wrong. 20 people and the pub is full. A quick description to describe the bar would be dark and small, my first and last time here me so thinks!
2	Rather surprised last night to be greeted here, at least an hour before last orders, by the barmaid expressing dismay at 3 more customers turning up. She already had in the region of ten on the premises but seemed keen to close up early and get a kip. Happy for the foreseeable future to enable her to do so by drinking elsewhere.
