5	Wow... this is a dispensary?!  It looks and feels more like a high end spa in Scottsdale or something.  The staff are extremely friendly and knowledgeable as well.  And the product is first class - 24% THC level in one strain?!  Seriously, who knew medical marijuana could look like this.  We've come a long way America!
5	Not what I imagined a marijuana dispensary to be. My wife's doc recently recommended medical marijuana, We are new to this and were kind of intimidated and not sure what to expect. We were pleasantly surprised! This place is clean and professional with nice people and good medicine. Comfy waiting room so I didn't have to wait in the car. They really took the time to work with us and my wife ended up with yummy caramel corn, and slept all night!
3	They have a very friendly, helpful and secure staff/location. Personalized service,  peaceful, fun and professional. I will be back.
5	This place was great. New. Good ppl. Great meds. Francisco was a great budtender. Very knowledgable.
5	Excellent support staff.  Very helpful and they know their products. It was an excellent experience. Great edibles!
5	Very nolidgeable staff, very educatided in the different strains and what purpose each,  are used for. I highly reccomend you give them a try!!!
4	Very nice place, clean, and a friendly, knowledgeable  staff. They have Happy hour, and other specials to help you save money on your medicine. I think the Food Drive they are having for our Veterans is wonderful. Bring in 5 canned food items and get a free preroll. I am happy to call them my new dispensary.
5	For my 60th birthday, I rewarded myself with a "green card" as I have had many health issues throughout my life-time of which could have benefited from medication with marijuana application. I went to the Giving Tree for the first time last weekend and they were excellent in their knowledge and patient with this old "newbie".  To get started, I received some delicious edibles and so far, I believe I made the right decision.  :  )      I am taking this experience slow since this is my first exposure to a wonderful alternative to pharmacies medicines.  Thanks to all those at the Giving Tree Wellness Center.  I'll be back.........     jickes007Glendale, AZ
5	Very nice facility. The staff are very nice and personable. I also found the counter staff to be very knowledgeable and took the time to answer my questions thoroughly without make me feel like I was bothering them. I will absolutely recommend them to people that ask.
1	Beware of Bait & Switch offers they tell you they have something for so much a gram then when you get there they say  that they're out.
5	Excellent service.  Knowledgeable.   Fun crew.  Good specials.  Like how tax is included in the price.
5	They are my one and only dispensaryThe staff is knowledgeable and kind they know your needs they get to know you as a person to better help you pick out the right medication!Lots of perks and lots of smiles my kind of place everyone is wonderful!They even know me by name!!!!!!!
5	Great staff and great products. The place is clean, everyone is very professional and can answer any questions patients may have. They have a great selection of products for all medicinal needs. Also, they have some really nice perks with their happy hour specials as well as their rewards program.  I would recommend them to any patient in the area. Keep up the good work guys!
5	What a fantastic experience!  I was nervous as this was my first time in a dispensary and they couldn't have made it more comfortable.  There's a comfortable waiting area for non-card holders to wait.  Paperwork was a snap and after getting a copy of my card and driver's license, I was taken into the shopping room.  They were extremely helpful and there was none of that if-you're-buying-this-you-should-be-in-the-know business.  Their products run the full spectrum with different strengths. If you're new to the game and want a friendly face for your first (or 50th) time, come here.
