4	This is a large, relatively modern-looking mcds. Its a bit grimy, which in mho, kind of defeats the purpose of the remodel. Why bother making it all pretty & modern if youre not going to wipe it down regularly?The service here is ok. Food is standard mcds fare. The one reason we come here is for the HUGE four-story play area. The kids enjoy exploring it, and i enjoy getting a half hour of sanity.  theres a small space underneath for littler guys to play in, but this playplace is realistically more for older kids who can climb well. The kids room is completely closed off from the rest of the restaurant, which works great at keeping my boys from running off, and theres a separate bathroom in here just for aparents.  No changing table, which for some strange reason seems to be the way las vegas restaurants roll. I really hate that. Therefore they shouldnt be surprised when i change a poopy diaper on one of their posh bench seats since theres nowhere else to do it.Maybe then they'll wipe it down afterwards... But dont count on it.
2	This place is terrible. It's a 50/50 chance that they will get your order right. Maybe if they could hire people who spoke a word of English, they would get your orders right.I was JUST there. I wanted a coffee with no whip cream and extra caramel. Super easy, right? Apparently not. They put extra whip cream, barely any caramel. I paid extra for it, so I asked them to remake it. The girl did, but tried to give it to me with, again, barely any caramel. I explained that I asked for extra and even paid extra. She got an attitude with me, then walked away. Another girl asked her what she was going and said, "MORE f***ing caramel!?" So sure as shit, the girl had to be a smart ass and put as much caramel as she could. Literally, the entire bottom was filled half an inch up of caramel. I couldn't help but laugh. What an immature and ignorant staff. I will never go here again. This place is a complete dump. I will definitely be contacting the district manager, because the manager here is a joke and doesn't take anything serious.
1	Don't be fooled... not a great part of town. Lazy employees. Unsanitary restrooms and play area. Do not recommend this location at all! Got very sick after eating here.
1	Horrible service!!! Every time I go to this particular location,  the employees are very rude and never get the  order right. Every employee there has a horrible attitude, from the cashier to the people in the kitchen to the guy on drive-thru.
