5	Awesome experience with renting an auto transport as well as a U-Haul truck on two separate occasions. Cindy and Paul (owner-managers) are really cool and always seem to have your best interests at heart. You get the feeling that they genuinely care that you have a good experience at their store. Paul made extra efforts to make sure the auto transport was safely attached to my tow hitch and did a great job demonstrating the different features of the four-wheel trailer. On the way out of their driveway with the rented auto transport in tow, I was no more than a 1/4 mile down the road when I got a phone call from Paul saying that he noticed that the rear tie-down chain was dragging on the road as I left and that I should probably pull over and tuck it up into the trailer. A very thoughtful call from a good dude, and a good thing to notice before my 500-mile journey (to Los Angeles and back) in one day.All-Storage has the coolest air conditioning I've experienced at a storage facility (we rent a 6' storage unit). Most A/C'd storage facilities keep their thermostats hovering at a balmy 88-90*. If I were to guess, I would say All-Storage keeps theirs in the low 80s. This makes it a sweatless chore to huck boxes of stuff in and out of there. I have a storage unit in Denver (where it is considerably cooler than Vegas) and that supposed A/C'd facility isn't nearly as comfortable. One may think, "My stuff doesn't need to be in an air conditioned unit." It's not until recently that I realized that the A/C is not only for preventing mildew growth on your stuff. It's also intended for the comfort of human beings lugging their stuff in and out of the storage units, which is a factor first-time storage customers can forget to consider.
5	I can not rave about this facility enough. Cindy and Bill have gone above and beyond in assisting us in this cross country move. They have faxed, emailed, assisted on their business and personal phones and overall come through for us in a last minute situation with the moving company. You can use them with complete confidence.
5	This place is amazing and fully deserving of their 5 star rating!If you need to move across town or just moved into town and need some extra space, All Storage will fully accommodate your needs. They go above and beyond for their clients; for example, if you show up and they don't have the right sized unit for you, the staff will actually call around and find other locations that have open units. I mean, who does that?!?!All of their units are cooled by A/C and super clean. I felt very safe and relieved with keeping my stuff here. If you work from home, like I often do, and are constantly getting large deliveries, they will accept packages on your behalf and put them in your storage unit (with your permission of course) so you don't have to drop them off every time one shows up on your door step. If I could live here, I would!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE. Beyond helpful to someone moving across the country. We can not recommend this facility highly enough.
5	I absolutely love this place! The entire place is very neat and clean. This is the first storage place I have been to where each storage unit has their own light inside. They also have maps inside on each level so you can remember how to get to you're unit.Cindy and Paul are such great people. Very friendly and helpful. As soon as we walked inside we were offered a cold bottles of water. They also have a fresh coffee, jar of yummy cookies and big bowl of candy. I like how they don't pressure you into getting a unit with them or assume that you are.I HIGHLY recommend this place!
