4	great irish pub.  huge bar.  every liquior and beer you could want.  great food.  excellent tomato bisque.  been there several times and it's always good.  always crowded too.  what recession?
2	It's a pub, but it's faux-Irish.  They had English vinegar on the tables, Jameson sitting next to Bushmills, and turned off the rugby game to watch a hockey interview show.The fish and chips had half the fish being awful chewy, the beef stew was authentic enough to be incredibly bland, and the darker beers we ordered tasted awful watery.If you want strip-mall-irish, it might be the best Pittsburgh has to offer; we're thin on chains around here.  Fado does it better, if you've been to one of those.  Try Mullaney's in the Strip if you want more authentic Irish.  Hell, go down to Piper's British Pub and try the boxty.
3	Come here for car bomb.Come here for spinach sandwich.Then get up and leave.
5	An Irish themed sports bar and restaurant that has good food and beer selection. The fish and chips or steakburgers are great and the staff are very friendly.Outdoor tables for when the weather is good.
5	Starving in the southside area of town, my brother and I decided to meet a friend for dinner. I am pleased that we went here! A healthy variety of beers on tap, true Irish fare on the dinner menu and even soccer on the televisions! I had the "Full Irish Breakfast" complete with banger sausage, black and white pudding and a fried tomato. It was heavenly and goes excellently with a frosty pint of Guinness. The wait staff was also extremely friendly and happy to bring a fresh beer over before the other was finished. They were quite busy that night but it was refreshing to see them on top of things. If you're in the mood for good food and great beer at a fair price, I recommend this place. I know I'll be back there next time I'm in town!
2	So the bar here is just fine, and the atmosphere is not bad.  If you want anything even close to traditional Irish food, go to Piper's Pub down the street.  The food here is gross, and let's be honest, bars in Ireland do NOT have Irish Car bombs.  It's actually pretty offensive if you think about it.  My metric for a good Irish pub is that when somebody orders one, the bartender grimaces and grudgingly makes one up then hands it to you with a hint of a scowl.  It's too bad that they are pretty delicious.  But yeah, seriously, this place can go eat its own ass.
2	I typically try not to review chains, but we had such a silly experience here on Sunday.  We stopped by prior to seeing a movie.  I'm sure most of their business is due to the convenience of the location.  I've probably been here a dozen times and it's what you'd expect from a chain "faux" Irish pub.  The restaurant itself is actually quite attractive.  There are high ceilings, plenty of seating (tables, hi-tops and booths) and a good looking dark wood bar with plenty of brass scattered about.  The food is again what you'd expect...think whatever TG McFunsters comes to mind and then add a cabbage dish or too.  So, why the reason for me to review this chain?  We grab a seat at the bar and are greeted by a very nice young bartender.  I think her name is McKenzie.  I order a Guinness, since the place literally is like one big commercial for this storied brew.  I mean literally there is no where you can look including the ceiling without seeing some type of Guinness paraphernalia.  She sheepishly tells me they are out of Guinness.  It's clear she's embarrassed, however as shocking as this is I most likely wouldn't have taken the time to document this if for just that problem.  They are also out of Bass and Harp??  Okay, fine let's just order something to eat.  I get the fish sandwich (which was pretty good actually, especially the fries). Annie orders the "loaded" fries, but with only cheese and bacon on it.  She specifically asks for no tomatoes.  The first order comes up and McKenzie notices the tomatoes and doesn't even bring it to us.  Then they make the same mistake again and put tomatoes on the darn thing, this time McKenzie brings it over and basically says they can't seem to do this difficult task, so we skip the fries.  Finally, we are about to leave and I'm paying the bill when I notice they put someone else's' drinks' on my tab.  Okay, let's recap.  Irish pub out of Guinness, harp and bass.  They mess up a food order not once, but twice.  Finally, they overcharge me for someone else's drinks.  I still tipped the bartender 20%+, because clearly she was embarrassed and most of these mistakes were not her fault.  However, I think this place must be severely mismanaged.  Almost every experience that the back of the house was in charge of was poorly executed.  Hopefully, they'll get their act together.
3	I like coming here when I want some peace and quiet after Hofbrauhaus.  It's very spacious with plenty of seating so we are always able to grab our favorite table in the back room.  Once the place was crowded (probably because the wait to get into Hofbrauhaus was ridiculous) but last weekend it was relatively empty with groups of people scattered about.Nice selection of beers though nothing that's super hard to find at another bar with a decent selection (had Harp, Strongbow, etc).  As a bitch, I get excited about their bitch drinks.  Great chocolate martini and buttercup,... of course pricey for the quantity that you get ($6 ish).  Buttercup was more worth its price though.Had their spinach dip with pitas.  Tasty.When you seat yourself on a Saturday night, sometimes the wait staff will notice you and come over.  Sometimes they don't.  Either way it's fine since we're ok with walking to the bar to order drinks.This place tries hard to be Irish, with the Irish-style roadsigns and Guinness things on the walls.  After spending some solid hours at this place, I began to think that their music collection consists solely of Rock Band soundtracks, not that this is a bad thing but... some Irish songs once in a while would be interesting.  It also goes without being said that American sports are shown on the TVs but whatever.  The atmosphere is not as loud as that of a real Irish pub and is more like an American sports bar with an Irish theme.  This is actually a good place for drinking in peace rather than getting your Irish on.
4	I must say that it is quite a coincidence that when we were seated in the dining area that the televisions were showcasing the Florida VS Pittsburgh hockey game.  I had no idea the game was going to be on and it was definitely interesting -- a state against a city and the city winning!This Irish Pub is located in Southside Works and is very new.  I had been wanting to stop by for some time and found -- after several failed, late night attempts -- the dining room was still serving.  The interior was rusticated (an engineered rustic feeling) and had several dining/gathering areas organized around the central, large bar with a private dining area in the rear.  Never having been to Ireland, I shan't vouch for its authenticity.  While there is exterior seating, I would not recommend in the winter -- it's frickin' cold!Having seen the menu many times on previous attempts to eat here, I already knew what I wanted and ordered accordingly:Boneless Wings (Hot/Piquant)Onion soupBangers and mashBlack Velveteen (1/2 cider and 1/2 beer)CokeThe wings and the soup came out rather quickly.  The French Onion soup was typical of what you might find at any other restaurant; but it tasted good and the onions were nice and tender.  The Boneless wings were a bit odd.  While they were slightly piquant, they were far from being buffalo.  It tasted more like a spicy honey-mustard-garlic sauce; with that being said, I really did enjoy the flavor of the boneless wings even though they were not what I was expecting.While eating the wings and soup, my Black Velveteen arrived.  I have never had a cider mixed with a dark beer.  It was a tad odd at first, but I did find that I did like it.  As I nursed the large container of cider-beer, our bangers and mash arrived.  This was a large plate of food and I was happy that the plate was being split between two people.  Even splitting the dish, it was too much food.  The bangers are not the best I have ever tried, but they were still fairly decent and better than others I have had in Southside.  I cannot attest to the authenticity of the "Irish-ness" of this restaurant as I have never been to Ireland; what I do know is that I enjoyed what I ordered.
4	Came in here after a subpar dinner at another establishment.The place looked great.  Nice Irish pub feel to it.  We got a bar table and enjoyed a few drinks.  Good beer selection.  We looked at the menu but the recent memory of our dinner turned us off.  The menu seemed to have good pub fare.  The people were in great spirits which made our stay even better.
4	Not very veggie friendly but their beer selection is pretty decent and you can mix 'n match ales (Woodchuck Amber + Hoegarrden = deliciousness). I haven't been here for a couple months but I just reviewed the menu online and it looks like they have some new additions that are vegetarian (the chilled summer pasta and cornucopia sliders sounds pretty awesome). The bf is Irish and German so give the man some meat and potatoes and he's a happy lad. Needless to say, he's never had a complaint. Claddagh never really seems to be busy, then again we stay far far away from the south side on weekends. Service has always been good, so yeah - no complaints here. Give it a try if you're at the S.S.Works
3	An Irish pub that plays Snoop Dogg's Gin & Juice?  A bit confused by this but I liked it. It was quite dead for a Friday night but that just means faster drink service for me. Just to be different, I was the girl drinking a Corona.
2	Part of the chain gang.  Never an amazing experience.  Usually always lots o' fried stuff.  Best part of the place?  You guessed it kids...the patio!  This place is usually the go to spot for a couple friends of mine, so how am I to argue?  If there's a Happy Hour special, I'm there!  $4.00 20 oz beers in tap?  Oh, you have Yeungling?  Let's get this party started! I've had a plethora of the fried offerings.  One being a corn beef and cabbage roll.  It's like a fried Reuben sammie.  Throw some thousand island dressing on the side and I'm in!  I also tried the baked mac n' cheese.  It's ok.  Not really baked as much as just thrown together with garlic and bread crumbs dumped on the top.  If you would have been a little cheesier mac n' cheese I would have liked you MUCH better!One of the special menu items I noticed tonight?  A Claddaugh ring that can be ALL yours for the small price of $19.99.  Enterprising?  Not so much.  Cheesy?  Most definitely!  Too bad the Mac n' cheese wasn't!
4	Popped in for a beer before a movie. The bartender said I could taste anything I wanted. (Does that include ALL of the beers? Will have to go back to check.) When I ordered a Big Hop he offered up a tasting of another hoppy beer they had on draft for something new. Oh, and all of your beers are $4 for happy hour? Okay, things are going good for you bartender.Ordered a simple burger. It came out quickly and was delish. Then to top off the night, the bartender comes around with a stack of old school Guinness posters and starts offering them to his customers. I left pretty impressed, hands full.
3	Claddagh fall into that category of a fledgling chain restaurant that simply hovers in average-dom.I'll give them credit...their $2.50 pints of anything on draft on Tuesdays is unbeatable. You're talking $5 for two pints Guinness or Vanilla Java Porter! Not $5 plus tax, just $5...flat! With their solid selection of draft beers, it's a hard deal to pass up for happy hour (or any time, really, since the special lasts all day!).My problem with Claddagh has always been the food. The fish & chips are decent, and the pub fries are awesome. I think Claddagh is the only place where I can taste that the fries are frozen, but they're still good somehow (yeah...it doesn't make sense to me, either). They also used to have an excellent balsamic vinaigrette. Seriously excellent. Unfortunately, over the years, I've just given up on the food and rarely eat there anymore, despite stopping in fairly regularly on my walk home from work.A lot of the menu items that I have found somewhat enjoyable always disappeared, thanks to the ever-changing menu. Just once, I'd love to be able to go in and see the same menu last for a year or so. To me, it's just a sign that they're not confident in their product, and the experimentation isn't helping at all, as the food has never truly improved. It's consistently average, and hardly going to leave you wanting more (aside from the pub fries, that is). I used to like the bread pudding...but they even changed that...then seemingly changed back. I never ordered it again after the first change, though.Unfortunately, the only consistent thing about Claddagh - aside from the $2.50 draft deal on Tuesdays that's lasted a long time - is the inconsistency of both the menu, quality, and service. I'll raise a pint, though, to the hope that the small chain gets itself together, as I like the idea of having an Irish pub in the neighborhood...I just want it to be a place worth going to for food.
2	We had some gift cards to Claddagh, and since they don't have this chain in Chi-City, we thought we'd better use it up before we skip town.We rolled in on a Friday night at 6 pm and were seated right away.  Some live music began around 7 pm - you can check the website, they tell you who's playing.  It can get loud, so definitely check the schedule if noise bothers you (or alternately, if you love live music and what to know what to expect).  Our server was incredibly (possibly overly attentive), checking on us approximately every 5-10 minutes during our hourlong stay.  Taking drink orders, checking on how we liked our drinks, taking food orders, seeing how we liked our food, boxing up my food, checking on my boyfriend's food progress (I eat much more slowly than him), boxing up his food, etc.  She checked in a lot.  It actually got moderately annoying, but at least she didn't ignore us!  It's a hard balance to strike.Anyhoo, we got beer/hard cider (Strongbow on tap FTW) and then I got the chicken pot pie with a side of green beans, and my boyfriend got the shepherd's pie with a side of mac 'n' cheese.  It should be noted that they do have a "pie night" during the week - I forget which night - where pie dinners are buy one get one free (or maybe not free, but only for $2 or something).  One of the many times our server stopped by was exclusively to tell us about this pie night.  So it's fixed in my memory.  If you like dinner pie - that is YOUR night.The food was pretty "okay" across the board.  Generic/average versions of pub favorites.  It's always a bit of a letdown because the menu items sound so DELISH and then it's like "this food is just pretty okay."  The pot pie was savory and hot with big pieces of chicken and veg, but it didn't have a crust - it had like...a crumbly topping.  Like a dessert.  Only it was a bread crumb/cheese topping.  Which was not my fave - I prefer a true crust on my pot pie.  Is it really a pie without a crust?  Deep thoughts.  Side of green beans was well cooked, but of course served in butter.  Definitely not worth $3, but all restaurant sides are overpriced.  My boyfriend's shepherd's pie was okay as well - it seemed to have ground beef in it instead of big beefy chunks, but it was savory, served VERY hot, and had the appropriate mashed potato top.  Both portions were a good amount of food for the price.  The mac 'n' cheese side came in a little cup.  The texture was rockin' (sooo creamy) but it was missing something in the flava department.  Like - they need to pick better cheese, or add salt, or paprika, or onion/garlic....or anything?  It was lacking.Ahhhhh I feel so bad giving this 2 stars but I am becoming more cruel on Yelp these days!  What can I say?  I give something three stars when it's fine and I'd be happy to pop in again if I needed a meal.  2 stars is for places where I don't really feel the need to go back again...and Claddagh really is one of them.   The food is fine for a chain, but it's really subpar versions of amazing Irish dishes that should be slammin'.  I'm so mean.  Or am I just so honest?  Hitting you up with the truth, that's how I roll.  Meet me in Chicago and we'll go to a better Irish pub.BUT for what it's worth, my boyfriend said he'd give it three stars instead of two, AND I think it'd be a fun place to have drinks at the bar and listen to music.  And maybe have an appetizer if you're drunk.  But I'd skip it for dinner!
4	I went here a few weeks ago - it was OK. Had a good time, but was there in the afternoon on a weekday (yep, I'm classy) so it was pretty dead. I'm pretty sure we were the only people in there. The bartenders were really friendly and cute - I think that was the most significant part of my experience to be honest. Will go back and try it again at a non-alcoholic person's time of day!
4	One of the nicest Irish Pubs I've been too.
3	Nothing to rave about except that they have a lot of out door seating. We didn't eat anything but had a few drinks on a lazy Saturday afternoon and found that it is a good spot for people watching (if you sit outside). We had to go find our waitress twice, which was annoying, but whatever, not a big deal. Pretty basic and typical.
2	Claddagh's needs to do something here. They have a great location in the south side works, and really that's about it. I came here to watch the UEFA Championship final and wasn't impressed at all. The place was a little packed with soccer hooligans, which is awesome, but it wasn't overwhelmingly busy. Our waiter was AWFUL, almost pathetic. It literally took my friend a half hour to get a single beer. I had enough and went to the bar and started ordering drinks. You snooze, you lose my friend;  (you're not getting any of my dough if you can't bring a beer over for a half hour, no matter how busy you are.)I ordered a Reuben Patty Melt, which sounded pretty cool. After eating it, I was dumbfounded. The sandwich was miniature and only had corn beef and coleslaw on it? WTFFF!!! Give me something more please! Separate yourselves from the million other restaurants that serve Reuben sandwiches. I left Claddagh's thinking, "You call yourselves an Irish Pub??." If I was Irish, I would definitely feel bad that all the non-Irish people would come here thinking it of as traditional Irish pub.
2	While the waiter was excellent - the service was poor.  Both mine and another person at my table's dinners came out freezing cold.  Not to mention, we waited an exorbitant amount of time for our food - and it was not busy at all.  They were also out of several of the beers on their menu.   The manager came out and didn't seem to be very with it.  When I said my food was cold, but the chicken was ok, he almost took my chicken off the plate and set it on the table to take the rest of the dinner to heat up.  As he was doing it he realized what a dumb move that was and stopped.  Really?  Wake up!  This is a great location and has so much potential!
2	It's feast or famine in terms of aweomeness.A few years ago we had my grandfathers 80th bday in their back room and they could not have been better to deal with.Last weekend I tried to get a drink at the bar here, and they wouldn't serve me.  Could NOT get their attention.  I was holding a $20 and I have a 36DDD bra size.  Not that it helps, but come on that helps.The food is standard bar swill, but usually the service is good and the food can be expected to be pretty alright.  I do enjoy their outdoor seating, and its a lot less crowded than the Hofbrau Haus.
4	Alright, so we went on a week night when it was pretty empty--not sure if that makes a difference, but we really enjoyed ourselves! Our food was awesome! I got the pork loin which was delicious and enormous--I had leftovers for another meal the next day. My boyfriend got the meat loaf and he liked it too. Great menu with variety but not too many items. Waitress was very friendly. The atmosphere is cool too. We'll be back!
3	I have a love hate relationship with this place. The service historically is not that great , which is why I sit at the bar. The bar tenders know what they are doing and will take care of you. So thats No.1 sit at the bar. The food isn't bad, but the Meatloaf melt is awesome but will probably blow a hole in your colon. It's so good though, it's sort of a hangover in itself. So that's No.2 Meatloaf melt = Delicious Colon Canon. TUESDAYS, TUESDAYS, TUESDAY...is all day $2.50 Pints nights. It's the best deal on the south side. So No.3 is drink here all day and night on Tuesday because it's super cheap.P.S. I'm also the Mayor on Foursquare so stick that in your pipe and smoke it.
5	I think I've found my new (er, only?) hangout spot in Southside Works. I had avoided this place for a long time because plenty of people told me the food was bad. Well, they're wrong. At least about the chicken tenders.I have been to Claddagh twice now and still can't pronounce the name correctly (mispronouncing words is my thing). That doesn't matter since I can still get to the place whenever I feel a want to. The first time I visited was before a movie so we didn't stay long and the second was to celebrate one week straight of exercising. By drinking lots of beer. Also, Irish car bombs.Both times I have ordered the chicken tenders app to split with my boyfriend. This is going to sound so ridiculous, but they are hands down the best chicken tenders I have ever had. I know - chicken tenders? Um, ok. No, seriously. Go order some from Claddagh. I'll wait. They are amazing. I don't know what they do to the breading, but it is finger-licking delicious!Their beer selection on tap is pretty awesome as well. They have Killian's! Probably my favorite beer from college and still pretty high on my list. TV set up is great if you're sitting at the bar. Which I always am.Service: stellar. The bartenders are funny, prompt, and delightful. I have no qualms about recommending this place.
3	My husband enjoys drinking here every Tuesday night, so sometimes I join him. The $2.50 pints are an amazing deal. We've both had several drinks here plus an appetizer for under $25. The on tap beer selection is relatively good. Service at the bar is pretty fast, even when ordering a meal.I've only eaten lunch here several times, and the service time has been descent. However, I have heard terrible stories from co-workers about how long it can take to eat, so I tend to steer clear for lunch.Between lunch and dinner, I've ordered the Loaded Pub Chips, Goat Cheese Salad, Fish 'N Chips, and side of Mac & Cheese. The Goat Cheese Salad is delicious, and the Fish 'N Chips are very good. The Loaded Pub Chips are your average fare, and the Mac & Cheese is actually disappointingly tasteless.I recommend going to Claddagh on Tuesday nights and for a good (but potentially long) lunch break during the week.
4	I have been going to Claddaghs for long enough that I have seen it change as mangers come and go. The $2.50 Tuesday pint night can't be beat and that can never change. The new manager over at Claddaghs is really taking the place up a notch. He is coming back to Claddaghs from Pipers which is just down the strip. He has changed the menu and is encouraging the Chef to show off his skills with specials on the weekend, which I hear are tremendous. He is rotating 6 taps along with his standard 18 other taps which makes for a pretty awesome beer selection that changes on a regular bases. With a promise of a Pint Club, new delicious items on the menu, and a new lunch menu with faster lunch service Claddagh's is really going to the mattresses.
2	First time at this location.  Been to the one in Northern Kentucky before.  Waitress was horrible!  She didn't smile and never shared the specials.  The Onion rings were OK.  The caesar salad was horrible.  It was drowned in dressing and basically inedible.  The meat loaf was burnt and drowned in gravy.  I didn't eat much and she didn't care!  The restaurant had lots of televisions and had a trivia contest this night.
4	Since I started working in South Side Works, I've been to Claddagh's many times.  Within the last year or two I've become a regular, showing up at least once a week.  First it was just a convenient place to go, but then I discovered that they have $2.50 drafts all day on Tuesday.  I don't know of a single place around that can beat that deal.  The food and service were hit and miss for a while, unless you sat at the bar, then it was usually top notch.  Recently they have fallen under new management, and he is doing great things with the place.  There are new items on the menu, I recommend the duck, cob salad, and the fried pickles.  Lunch service is drastically improving with some very good flat breads and much faster service for those of us who have to get back to work.  They offer many more craft beers on tap now, keeping more taps on rotation and replacing some more dated beers with much more trendy and in my opinion much better beers in general.  This is a great place to come to watch just about any sports game with TVs everywhere.  When its warm enough you can sit outside and they even have a very nice fire pit.  They have also recently started a pint club, with some awesome perks that I enjoy immensely and recommend asking about.At first I wasn't sure about this place, but it is quickly becoming one of my favorite places on the South Side.
4	I recently won a Facebook contest that won me a Appetizer Buffet for 25 of my friends and I have to say that it was a lot of fun. The Food was delicious and everyone eat and drank their hearts out. The buffet consisted of many of their delicious Appetizers, including the loaded Pub chips, Corned Beef & Cabbage Rolls, Pierogies,Yuengling Battered Shrimp, Spinach & Artichoke Dip, Chicken Wings, a sandwiches plate and cheese plate. There was so much food we had it coming out of our ears.It was a great time and everyone really enjoyed it.
4	Manager invited me back with friends to show how good they normally. Great service and he picked up the tab. Food was very good.
5	We are new to The Burgh - spent St Paddy's Day here and the corned beef and cabbage was excellent.  Decided to try their Easter Buffet with the family.  Again, no disappointment here!  The buffet choices were delish!  The Bloody Mary bar was super.  From our server Tony,  bartenders  Stephen and Darah,  everything was was perfect. Manager Tom set the tone of Irish hospitality.  They even had candy filled eggs hidden every where for the kids.  Until we can travel to Ireland again this is our new favorite pub and restaurant.   Cant wait to experience what they have planned for Mother's Day.  Love this place!   The Kenney family
3	I'm not sure how much I like the food, but the venue is pretty fun and there is some nice outdoor seating with heat lamps and a fireplace. They have $4 drafts for happy hour during the week, which is nice. I ordered the Goat Cheese Salad with a side of Mac n' Cheese. I did not like the macaroni by my was quite good. All in all, it is a nice place in a convenient location, and the service is good.
3	Go for the beer, skip the food
4	Having been to the Claddagh many times now, I can confirm I'm a fan. I've noticed some reviews complaining about the fact it's a chain, but as far as I can see it doesn't pretend to be otherwise. It actually seems to draw more Irish people in than other so-called 'authentic' Irish pubs in Pittsburgh, but I'm likely to think that because I go in to watch the GAA, which always gets 'em in! (It's extremely difficult to find places in Pittsburgh that shows the GAA).The staff are friendly for the most part (some are great, some are only OK), and the atmosphere is usually good. If you can get a seat at the bar, that's my favourite place to drink. The beer is actually a reasonable price too - I haven't been too shocked by price of anything I've had to drink there.If you were in the area and in the mood for a drink, you could do a lot worse than this place.
4	Luve Irish music on the weekend.  Great place to sit back and have some nice drinks with friends to end your evening.
2	The food was very good and it's a cool building, but the service was terrible.  The hostess was not at all friendly and we were seated at a very uncomfortable high top table and got some attitude when we asked to move.  There was hardly anyone in there, so there were plenty of regular tables.  The server didn't even ask if we wanted refills or dessert, just slapped the bill on the table.  I actually was going to get both, but fine I won't spend any more money there.
3	If you don't like the people that you are with, avoid sitting at the patio at all costs! During happy hour - For 2.5 hours, we were asked if we could have our drinks refilled ONCE.  We were forced to talk to each other and hang out with only 1 drink (lol). Yes, the service is SLOW.Now, the food: I ordered the black & blue  steak bites. Steak was a bit tough.  No, make that A LOT tough. If the steak had been cooked a little less, I would have enjoyed this dish more.3 of my group disliked their drinks enough that they didn't even finish them. My drink (the Swedish Fish drink) was not bad!  Another friend was served a drink in  a broken glass. A huge piece of the glass was missing from the top. Who knows where the broken off piece had gone. Overall, though, the patio was nice. And while I expected quicker service - especially during happy hour - it was a nice place to not feel rushed & enjoy our drink.
1	This place is gross, really just smoke and mirrors.They make you think the food is going to be good because of the ambiance. Food is disgusting. Bartender is slow and rude, way over priced and the bathrooms are gross!
1	Went on Saturday afternoon. Many empty tables but a waiter didn't show up for 10 minutes. Placed entire order and drinks came after 30 more min. When food finally came it was very bland and boring. Everything took forever but the place was not crowded. Not going back
1	Been waiting for a waitress for over an hour now. Asked hostess and they claimed they would send one over but still none have shown. Awful service.
5	I've been here a few times over the past few months for Happy Hour or a night for some drinks on the weekend.I've only had appetizers which have always been great! Beer selection rocks and the bartenders are very friendly and fast...especially Eddie!Highly recommend for a good time with friends and/or co-workers after the daily grind!
1	I'm not one for negative reviews, but this place is ridiculous. I have eaten there before with mixed feelings, but our meals there yesterday were simply unacceptable. First off this place is slow. VERY SLOW. Our table of 4 was seated promptly and the server was nice, but she too was slow. The restaurant was fairly empty for 5pm on a Sunday, yet it still took 35 minutes for our one order appetizer of soft pretzels to come out. Dinner was another 30 minutes. Not one of us like our meal and we are not food snobs. The girls only ate a few bites and decided to pass when the server asked if we needed a box. I only ate half of mine as well. We ended up here because the wait at the place next door was over an hour. With the awful food and the slow service, we should have stuck it out like the rest of the people next door decided to do. If it's not St. Patty's day, I would skip this place.
3	I haven't had a real problem with this place so far. I see reviews about the service being terrible, but I haven't had such a terrible experience so far. It's probably because I do not go late on the weekends. For the money I spent there I would much rather go somewhere with outstanding food and drinks. It's just an okay place really.
5	This is ABSOLUTELY the BEST Irish Pub/Restaurant around. Great ambiance, looks like an Authentic Irish Pub. Had a Great steak, perfect baked potato, and a large fresh salad. Attentive and friendly service, along with a warm cozy fire on a chilly evening.  A Wonderful way to spend St Patrick's Day.
5	The Jameson burger. Buy it. Eat it. Fall in love.
1	Went with the girlfriend one night for drinks. Sticky table. Like "I can scrape off the gooey crud lining the top of this table with my fingernail" kind of crud. Did not order food. Seems like I'm not missing much based on past reviews.
3	Claddagh made me think of Dubliner, McFaddens, and Raglan Road as the stereotype of what an Irish pub should be...loud and dark. I swear if I ever went into a supposed Irish pub that I could see my menu I would faint. The food was standard fair. Spinach artichoke dip a bit gloppy, not easy to eat with dry Melba toast. The cabbage egg roles were an strangely tasty fusion dish. I did order the fish and chips, but something about the breading was tough and uninviting. And cod is a plain fish to start. The desserts were the crushing element of the dinner. The chocolate pecan pie was too much chocolate. And the bread pudding was dry and nothing like bread pudding should be made. Overall, the food was typical Irish chain food.
4	Really spacious, kind service, and delicious bread pudding! Great Irish music playing the whole time we were there. Loads of craic!
3	Since the wait at the Cheesecake Factory was so long, we thought we would try a new restaurant.  The server was quick and friendly.   I ordered the signature soup of corned beef and cabbage.   There were only 2 tiny pieces of corned beef and the soup was bland.    I also had the Mac and cheese which was hot and creamy.   My mother, who is on a gluten free diet was thrilled with the number of choices she had.   She ordered the Gaelic chicken and was pleased.
3	As a bar, Claddagh is fine.  If there is a special going on, then I'm sold.  Otherwise, it's a bit overpriced and a bit annoying when the music starts blasting.  On a nice afternoon, I can dig their fried food offerings on the small patio...pretzels, spinach and artichoke dip, corned beef and cabbage rolls...all of the fried faux-Irish food your heart desires.
1	Visit was Friday, July 3rd around 5pm.  Tables were very sticky. All of them. Wanted inside and stuck us in an irritating spot next to a white cloth covering crates beneath a TV. Sangria was sour and not fruity. Paper towel dispenser was broken in restroom and area was very dirty.  Didn't have the corned beef and cabbage for "signature" soup! NO Corned beef and cabbage in an Irish restaurant!!!  The tomatoes on the bruschetta tasted moldy.  The clam chowder soup was too salty.  The soda bread  was tasteless and dry.  Shepherd's pie was too hot (definitely microwaved) and kind of bland although the meat was like chef boyardee.  Also, the decor was bad, everything they had hung was wrinkled. You can tell they don't really care. Waitress was ok. This place needs new management or someone from corporate to come here and see how terrible this place really is.  Will never return again, ever.
2	Service is slow, even when it's not crowded. Food is bland. I've been here a few times, and I always leave wondering how I spent so much money with such little satisfaction.
3	Claddagh is such a great place for drinks on a weeknight! There are not many people there and you almost feel as though you have the place to yourself! The staff has never been very helpful, but it hasn't deterred me from going back. The food that I ate was not amazing, but I would be open to trying different menu items! The inside is spacious, dimly lit, and comfortable to just unwind and relax in. The patio area lines the restaurant in an L shape and is complete with a fire to keep warm! I really enjoy it outside and find it just as relaxing and spacious as the inside!
1	Went there with friends for my birthday. Checked in using No Wait, wait time said 15 to 20 mins, that turned into an hour at 10 minute intervals because they stopped seating temporarily "because of the kitchen", we were told. Finally got seated, drinks were served in plastic cups, one of which was cracked which poured water over my friend's phone as the waitress handed it across the table. Myself and another guest switched beer brands twice because they were arriving flat. My food came out at room temperature yet everyone else in our party came out hot. I sent it back to be reheated and it came back a few minutes later the exact same way and temperature that it went in. Needless to say I asked to have it taken off the bill and returned to the kitchen, now not wanting anything. They removed it from the bill yet no visit from the manager to apologize or check on other meals. It was such a huge disappointment since we've eaten there in the past and enjoyed it. Claddagh Irish Pub has gone downhill since, with them unable to handle a Saturday night crowd and unable to deliver on a pleasant experience. It was amateur at best and would not recommend from this point on.
3	I occasionally come here ONLY for $2.50 pint Tuesdays. And if im lucky, there will be a few exceptional crafts on draft. Thats as good of a deal as I've found in this city. The food on the other hand is downright disappointing. Iv had a few different meals here and all subpar. I ordered (soggy) fries once and i swear my frozen ones at home turn out better. And i had been drinking! That goes to show how bad they are. Moral of the story: Come on a Tuesday and throw back a few pints. Oh, and eat somewhere else before you go.
4	Great food. Great service. I've been here several times and will continue to go back. I recently had a surprise dinner for my husband's birthday here as well. My only complaint was that the room we reserved was very small. It said it seated 20 people but it was pretty tight. However, I didn't have to pay for the room itself so I really can't be mad. And we had such a good time that it didn't matter after a while.
3	I had been here many times before lats night for MNF but surprisingly, last night was the first time I have consumed any food here. Even though it's a chain, I was surprised  that the food we ordered-which was only a couple of appetizers-was actually not bad for bar food. The bar was pretty crowded last night but we managed to secure two seats. It was irish night so any of the Irish beers,shots,etc. were specially priced. I chose a stella (not on special) and my boyfriend had a Satin Velveteen (I think that's what it is called at least-guiness and cider mixed). We started off with the corned beef and cabbage rolls-it's like a fried reuben in a wonton. I've had these at Dive before and the ones here were better. There was a thousand island like dressing on the plate as well. I also had a cup of the french onion soup. It was nice and hot at 9pm which was surprising a little bit. Not overly cheesy or salty and had nice flavors. My boyfriend had chicken fingers-they are hard to mess up and his plate was bare at the end so I am guessing they were up to his standards. Service was decent at the bar, friendly enough and quick. We will probably return in the future for drinks or apps.
4	Great environment for a hang out, grab a few beers and wide selection of burgers. Workers are friendly and helpful.
