3	This location is within the convention center, and run by Sodexho. I have a love / hate relationship with this one. I hate it because often the line is ridiculously long, and their prices are higher. I love it because most of the staff don't know the difference between an own-cup discount and a refill. I know the difference -- an extra $1.12 in my pocket. I'd go there all day for 50 cent coffees, if I didn't have to wait in line so long.
1	Oh how I've been waiting to write a review on this place.I love Starbucks like the next person, but one thing that doesnt gel with me is when you have a huge event in town (Phoenix Comicon) and the local Starbucks (and most of their staff) is not willing to work with you.During the weekend of Phoenix Comicon i heard stories along with myself about the horrible service people encountered.I'll tell mine.. I go in there to get my coffee and strike up a friendly (or so I thought) conversation about Comicon.  I ask "Are you guys ready for the massive business this weekend?"  They reply with "Yes we are" and then I ask "Are you guys staying open longer?"  they closed at 2PM every day... Pathetic.  This guy (damn forgot his name) goes on to tell me.."I tell ya what, if you want to open your own coffee stand outside, you can make all the money you want out there, but we're not staying open"   What a douche I thought..  and the guy in the background was nodding in agreement.    That was the last coffee I bought from them.I also heard that one of the celebrities was in line outside to get a coffee and then went to cut the line because they were closing.  When one of the reps spoke up and asked nicely about who they were getting coffee for, the Starbucks guy replies with "I dont care who it is, we're closing."  A buddy of mine happened to be in line inside the store and heard this.. he runs outside, takes the money from the rep and gets the guy a coffee.  Very cool of him.I just cant believe that Starbucks would hire these jerks in the morning to act like this.   I recommend that if there's another Starbucks around, to go there before this place.  Then again.. they probably wouldn't care because they hate being open anyways.
2	I love Starbucks and am a gold member but this Starbucks is a different story. Its located within the Phoenix Convention Center. I would expect that they know by now that lines can get pretty long during big conferences and events. They only had 2 people working at prime coffee time (at around 10am in the morning) during a large conference that I was attending. Their prices were also higher than most Starbucks stores.
