4	Saddle Ridge would usually be hit up at least once a month. There's just something about this place that kept us coming back. The club is pretty big and is complete country music. I hate country music but I really like being here. The decor is awesome and really really Texas-like. The waitresses and bartenders are also dressed very appropriately and are extremely hot. They have a big dance floor where people can dance and there are a ton of people usually on it. The best thing about Saddle Ridge is that they have a mechanical bull. You do have to pay extra to go on it but it's so much fun.There is a cover to get in here but I've never had to pay because my group would always take the $5/person limo there and he'd always have free passes for us to get in.Even if you hate country music like I do, this place is always a ton of fun to hit up.
3	This kinda place really isn't my scene, but I ended up here when my friends decided to come. That said, the people watching is spectacular between the dance floor, the bull and the crowd. However, it is really loud, the deck is open during the summer and its much easier to carry a convo outside.Get there before 9 to avoid paying the cover.
4	Ladies, ride that bull!Please make sure you have pants on.Try to beat my time!(b)
1	My friends and I stopped into this place for a drink one early evening at the start of the night.  I bought a round of drinks (3 beers and 3 shots).  The total was $33, including a $3 tip.  I paid with a credit card.  Upon reviewing my credit card statement online, I noticed the total was $38.  It appeared the bartender had added an extra $5 tip.  I tried calling numerous times over a period of a few days.  When a Manager was available to talk, the Manager did not seem concerned at all.  I felt like I was bothering him.  He insisted that it must have been a mistake.  It very well could have been a mistake but he didn't seem to care one way or the other.
3	This place is a fun time, and I think what made it so nice is it had a much more relaxed kind of atmosphere.  For me though, square dancing and line dancing isnt too thrilling.  But the nice perk is that there are counters to stand at, and some decent drink specials on the weekends.  Not to mention you can go right next door to the other bars without even going outside.
4	I am closer in age to belonging to a Bridge Club at a Sr Citizens home than I am to belonging in 'Da Club."  I don't normally go out, but when I do its to the wine & spirits shop so I can drink at home like a recluse w my cat, but when my friends took me to Saddle Ridge it was a nice change of pace.  I really like country music.  If you hate country music, this club was joined to another club that was playing what the kids these days listen too.  Top 40 stuff.  I only have one move to bust out, and as its pretty busted I declined to dance.There is a mechanical bull you can ride, and it looks kind of fun but bc I hadn't drunk away all my self respect yet, I declined to ride it.  One cannot be too careful in this age of fb, twitter, instagram etc.  The crowd here was pretty diverse and leaned more towards the late 20s, early 30s crowd.  I'm a beer girl, so I can't speak to the cocktails but I hear they are supposed to make you a better singer, tougher, a good dancer, and suddenly everyone in the bar is sexy.I found the beer was reasonably priced although you're not going to find a craft beer there.I had a great time, but I'm only giving it 4 stars BC I FREAKING HATE CIGARETTES.  Seriously.  I spend a lot of money on my perfume, and my perfume is what I want to smell like....not like cigarette smoke!I have a hard time in smoky places, but I'd go back and stay on the deck.  Did I mention they have a deck.  Theres a deck.
