1	The owner Damiana crimi is a very rude person. She failed to keep an appointment with me and then had the nerve to keep texting me nasty messages. Her behavior is very unprofessional as she will harass you with threats to sue you for no reason. When I asked her to stop contacting me, she continued to harass me with emails and phone calls stating that she can do what she wants. Ive never had someone be so vengeful for no reason! It was her fault that she did not show up for our appointment, not mine. Do not deal with her or you willl end up getting harrassed! She even started slandering my company just to try to get her way. Very unprofessional, unpleasant and in my opinion she is crazy! BEWARE!!
5	I have known the owner Damiana Crimi for 6 years now. We worked together in the past at a local CPA firm.  When we worked together she was professional and easy to get along with. Damiana has always been technically inclined in US tax laws and accounting principles. She demonstrates a strong desire to keep current on emerging accounting and tax issues and I often seek her professional opinion on various accounting topics. I am thrilled that Damiana decided to open up her own practice. I have no doubt that she will be successful as people experience the type of commitment she brings to her work. People can relate and feel comfortable with Damiana because she is outgoing and forthcoming. I recommend her professional services to anyone in need of accounting, tax or consulting work for their businesses or for themselves personally.
5	Damiana is wonderful! She is a motivated and hard working individual. She will do what she needs to do to get the work done accurately and efficiently. I trust Damiana very much and I know she strives to be the best at everything she does. You can be confident that she will take care of your accounting needs. My personal experience with Damiana was at a local CPA firm where we worked along side each other.  She is a problem solver and her intelligence is apparent. I enjoyed working closely with her because I could count on her technical expertise as well as her ability to get things done quickly. She is a pleasure to work with and I would highly recommend her to any business owner who needs help in accounting, bookkeeping or tax planning.
