5	The Center Stage Steakhouse returns guests to the classic Las Vegas, where every guest is treated just right. It's perfectly situated inside a glass dome overlooking the Las Vegas' famous Fremont Street Experience. Here you can experience the thrills of Fremont Street's dazzling light and sound show as the restaurant dims its own lights and pipes in the show's music for everyone's enjoyment, while dining.Center Stage's classic steakhouse serves steaks, chicken and seafood. Start out with one of our appetizers such as bacon wrapped scallops or St. Louis BBQ ribs. Then diner by ordering on of our restaurant's specialties which includes the Chef's choice veal/beef burger, slow-roasted prime rib of beef, pork loin, half roasted chicken, or shrimp scampi and finally finish the meal with a delicious dessert - made especially for you.The history behind the circular Center Stage is legendary. Originally built as a martini glass-shaped swimming pool in the 1970s, it was eventually transformed into the upscale restaurant it is today-and is one of the most luxurious dining destinations in all of Las Vegas. The restaurant has also been a prime location for Hollywood moviemaking, including famous scenes such as the tumultuous dinner between Sharon Stone and Robert DeNiro's characters in "Casino," and the first date of Helen Hunt and Kevin Spacey's characters in "Pay it Forward."Written by website- couldn't do better!
5	If you want to avoid the buffets and experience fine dining this is the place! Located in Downtown inside thr Plaza Hotel,  I local friend took me here and we had a great experience.  Dress to impress!  They will not let you in unless you are at least dressed semi-formal. Thefood was gray and so was the service.  Make sure to ask for a table overlooking the old strip so you can see the light show.  They turn all the lights off so you can fully enjoy the show.
5	Closed. Now Oscar's!
4	It is old school Vegas.  The food is excellent and classic steak house.  I loved looking over Freemont Street, but would have liked to have a seat next to the window to watch it.  There were several that were open the entire time I was there.
