3	They may as well have named this joint Dos-Gringos-lite, as it appears they've spent most of the budget on furniture from Sedona Patio and about a nickle on restaurant concept and theme.  Basically, this place is cashing in HUGELY on two things: 1) The mega-cache that Dos left behind in their old digs and 2) Proximity to the Liberal Arts portion of Arizona State U.  Its not all that bad really, especially if you consider it as the footprint of Dos without all of the merkins polluting the scene, quoting Will Ferrell, and doing body shots off of their pledge brothers.  So, its got that going for them ... and on a early Saturday evening before sunset, it was almost quite pleasurable.  There is an interesting mix of townies mingling with bespectacled post-round golfers, who, in turn were mingling with 'my-very-first-bartending-gig' collegiates. The corny 'catch the bottle cap and its free'  theme was actually a new one for me, which is relatively surprising as I'm your typical late-20's barfly.  Food was coastal mexican (nod 'hey' to Dos again) and my fish tacos were pretty fresh, good battering, but rather dry -- and they did not provide something to dip in or squeeze over.  Cholula sauce had to suffice.  My gf got their trio of dips -- guac, queso, and bean dip.  They were all a notch above average, which, as cantina food is a step in the right direction.  I did notice that the two setups of silverware they provided were both 2g1c nasty, so mind them if ya decide to get some grub here.Overall, there are worse places to end up on a day-drinking crawl so keep this place on the agenda as you drink through Tempe.
1	I would leave less then one star if I could.The place looks like a dump, and the bar tender looked like he should be working at a gay strip club in Apache Junction. Not that there is anything wrong with that.I thought the whole white-trash/shitty service thing was over, but I guess they didn't get the memo.They don't have change for a dollar either, so don't ask. They don't deal in large coins!
