4	HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO!Here is where I celebrated my Cinco.  With 5 rolled tacos, how could you go wrong?  The 5 beauties were lined up in a row with quacamole, cheese and shredded lettuce all plopped on top, it was delish!Not that any of these place  can boast cleanliness, neither can this place BUT- you get it to go.  Eat it at home and you are A-OK.
1	Not a fan at all. I was looking for a late night Taco stop that would surprise me, in a good way.  The food (Taco and enchilada) had a funky taste, slightly chemical. I threw it out after a few bites. Scottsdale rules for Mexican. You would have to be wasted to think this place was a gem.
3	Pros: good food (the best Churros, I, have tasted, OK service, mostly clean restaurant (and by clean, they are practically sloshing bleach across the floor every time I go there) and they also have a pinball machine/claw machines for when your bored while waiting a long time for your food.Cons: the Clorox smell in the restaurant is really strong, and having a picture of the world trade centers up in a Mexican restaurant is untasteful. Although most of the food is fresh, the wait time for a small order is really long whether you are inside or through the drive thru.  They are no longer 24hrs so when you randomly get hungry at 3am like me, their extremely convenient location is crossed off the list of possible options of places to go.
4	I'm not really sure if this is the right ROLBERTO'S that we ate at but it was really really good so if they are a chain and all related you really can't go wrong. It was funny because I really like a place called ROBERTO'S  and one of our friends we were with was a local and she said oh we have ROBERTO'S here and I was sold right then and there, and then when we pulled up I said "hey this isn't ROBERTO'S it's ROLBERTO'S"  this was entirely too funny to us and I hope you can appreciate the humor. The story aside the food delivered and we enjoyed it!
5	When I lived in North Phx I went here  ALOT , its Cash only but open 24 hours- fabulous burritos and tacos when you have the munchies any time of day. I love their California burrito with a large Horchata nomnomnom
5	By far the best taco shop in the valley. Their rolled tacos are delicious. I've had them dozens of time and they never disappoint. The restaurant is older and what you'd expect of a normal "taco shop", but it is very clean and the staff is always very friendly. They also have the best red hot sauce I've tasted yet. Yuuuuuuum.
4	Very good taco shop. Carne asada is awesome and so is chicken.this is real mexican taco shop stuff.  If you like Taco Bell stay away, if you like the real deal go here.  Get yourself a carne asada burrito and you will not be sorry.
3	I was in the area getting a wheel alignment done so I went for a stroll to find a place to eat. Came across Rolberto's so I stopped in. Its a typical roadside taco shop so I wasn't expecting too much. I ordered a breakfast burrito. The thing was huge and full of egg, cheese, and bacon (my meat choice). It was tasty and filling to say the least.
4	You don't want to eat here, just hit the drive thru...rockin burritos de carne asada
5	Been coming here since I was a kid. One of the best taco shops around.
5	The food is always good. The California burrito is by far the best and I love their rolled tacos covered in guacamole and sour cream. The inside is always very clean. Don't let the worn out sign deter you the food is amazing and don't forget their hot sauce. They also finally accept credit cards for a 30 cent fee.
5	Absolutely the best!!! I have been going here for the past twelve years and I would guesstimate that I've eaten more than 1000 chicken burritos from this place. Always clean inside, the food is always fresh.  I have know people that have gotten sick (food poisoning) from other taco shops like this, but in twelve years I have never heard of anyone getting sick from Rolbertos at Cave Creek & Sweetwater.
4	One of the better 'tos i have been to in the valley. Sausage burrito was great. Service very friendly. Will try again.
5	Delicious food!  Love this place!  I use the drive through.  The chimichangas are great.  I also love the deep fried beef tacos.  Fast service.  Affordable for a family of 5. Looks like a hole in the wall but the food is as good as a sit down restaurant!
5	So, this place may look scary, but it's so delicious! I may be biased (I've been eating here for over 14 years!) but it's one of my three "go-to" Mexican spots. My normal dish is the four rolled taco special and I just LOVE it! Take your taquito, dip it in the beans, dip it in the rice, dunk it into your salsa of choice and, YUM. I've also had their super nachos, super fries, breakfast burritos, and horchata. All lovely and tasty, and I've never had a bad experience. Try them!
3	I come here a lot for breakfast. Forget Taco Bell! This is where it's at (at least for breakfast.) The burritos are filled with meat/eggs. I almost want to ask for less meat and cheese and replace a little with some beans but I don't want them thinking I don't like the food. It's just a ton of meat (and cheese)...and I'm really not complaining. I've never been inside. So glad they have a drive through. I am downgrading because they don't always respond to their drive thru customers. I'm not sure if the mechanism just doesn't work but it's really not very consistent. I sometimes just leave because I don't want to go inside.  It's not 'fast food' at all.  You do have to wait a bit and It's always hot and fresh...WHEN I can get it.
5	This place has the absolute best bean and cheese burrito the mixture is amazing it is it!
