2	I haven't had a Strawberry Julius in years and stopped by the Aliante Station Casino today because they mailed me a bunch of free $15 bet coupons. The Orange Julius is also a Dairy Queen and is located in the food court of the Aliante Station Casino. I looked over the menu and noticed that they had a hot dog/chips/drink combo. I asked if I could have a Strawberry Julius as my drink. The girl behind the counter said that was only a Dairy Queen Combo and I couldn't sub the drink. I guess I'm not getting a hot dog then...Next I looked at the prices and notice it was $4.79 for a medium julius. I remember it was only $2 in California. I won the $15 free bet so I bought it anyways. It was just how I remembered....except the price.
3	I came here awhile back, and I wont lie... I wasn't impressed. My husband and I stood there waiting for a good 3 mins or so for someone to take our order while the workers were out back goofing around doing god knows what. I don't even care what they were doing, I just wanted my ice cream. Finally one guy saw us and came up front... about damn time. I ordered my usual banana split and of course, that never fails me. My husband got his usual peanut butter reeses blizzard. Good stuff! I love dairy queen, I just wasn't impressed with their lack of work ethics.
2	This location always seems to have only one employee working, and that employee always seems to be frazzled and stressed.  Also, I've tried 3-4 times over a 6 month period to get chocolate soft serve, only to be told that they are "out" and only have vanilla.
1	Well here goes another *1* star review!  How do I get into these places?  I LOVE Orange Julius and have been going to them since a very long long time ago.  If I am in a mall and see one, I always need to buy one and drink it while shopping...YUM!  Here in the food court at Aliante Station I found the Orange Julius stand mixed-in with Dairy Queen.  There were about 4 people in front of me and we were all just standing there when I spotted the sign on the counter which read "back in 5 minutes".  OK, everyone deserves a potty break.  But, this 5 minutes turned into 10, then 15, and I was dang hungry for their hot dog and orange drink.  Finally I gave-up and went down the row of fast foods available.  No, didn't want a taco, or Chinese food, or another hamburger, or pizza - dang, I just want that hot dog and drink!  I went back to OJ and stood for another few minutes when finally the "crew" came laughing back in.  Who knows where they had been.  Oh, boy, I'm close to getting my hot dog and drink!  The people in front of me ordered and finally it was my turn!  I looked at the girl taking the orders and said, "I would like a hot dog, w/mustard and relish, and a medium Orange Julius."  "We are out of hot dogs." was the reply.  You have got to be kidding!  But she was going to make my Orange Julius, and one for my husband.  I couldn't wait until she handed it to me and said, "That will be $10.36."  $10.36!  Are you kidding me.  With a very straight face she just said, "No."  $10.36 for 2 medium Orange Julius'!  So pick me up off the ground!!  Will I go back?  Are you kidding?  I went to Johnny Rockets and got myself a very good hot dog, and savored every sip of the most expensive Orange Julius I have ever had.....Actually it really wasn't that good.........
4	When Fro-Yo is all the rage - I cannot deny that DQ was or maybe even still is my favorite place to get a frozen treat.  The DQ's around town do not have the Mr Misty Freeze on their menu boards.  However, you can still order it and they will still make it.  It is kinda of the secret menu...It is the arctic slushy with soft serve ice cream blended together!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I always get the lime flavor.  The Mr Misty Freeze is one of those things that just makes me down right happy!
3	I met with mixed results here.  The large Original Orange Julius I ordered had a quite visible line of separation between the orange juice and the frothy effect desired in an Orange Julius, and was not very cold.  In fact, this was was one of the first times I did not get an ice cream headache drinking an Orange Julius too fast.  The large Butterscotch Dipped Cone I ordered was satisfying but looked like the leaning tower of Pisa, and did not project a strong butterscotch flavor.  The two staffers who served me me were efficient but not very friendly.
1	The guy working tonight: Wed. Aug. 6, 2014 around 9 p.m. (after the movie "Lucy" let out), was insulting and rude. He lost your business 1-sale tonight and MANY sales in the future. I simply needed a glass of milk. I've been feeling off all day and it's comforting. He made fun of my choice. (Whatever, dude!!) He was unsure if they SOLD MILK AT DAIRY QUEEN!? It's first name is Dairy... Just saying. I politely asked if he'd please check when he was done with (whatever he was doing). He gave me a head-nod (meaning: yes we've got milk)... Then he turned and started on the elderly couple (who also knew I was first, but they are jerks too). I didn't appreciate his crappy attitude or his opinion about my drink choice. I travel often to Vegas, specifically to the Aliante. This guy just blew it bigtime!! Who is laughing now? Hmmm Johnny Rockets right nearby had no problem helping me with some cold milk! Thanks Johnny Rocket!!
