4	After making a few $$$ on the tables decided to treat SO and I to a nice meal -  I called palazzo to see if the restaurant was finally open ...it is...great ...I'm there.  No reservation - arrived at 6:00 pm ( Tuesday )  about 6 people eating in the entire place  and about ...gee ...at least 20 servers/waiters ready to pounce.  as empty as the place was, they put us at the table right at the doors leading to the kitchen area ( I figured...maybe the other  tables reserved . ) btw - stylish decor - modern,  I guess...geometric ...with the  music - hell I don't know ...mellow techno ?!?!Restaurant Charlie is all about seafood ( cool ...I thought I read pre-opening that it was going to be a steakhouse ...that didn't make sense given morel's, cut and batali's place...)Menu - cold apps ( $20 - $28 in price ) , cold apps  ( $22 - $38 )  , main entrees ( $38 to mkt price ...mkt for the lobster ...at the hi end - "true kagoshima beef strip loin " ...$175 , seared 32 day dry aged rib eye ...$75 ) , the sides ( $14 - $20 )As you can imagine ...bring serious $$$$SO and I had :Amuse - quail egg w/ bacon ...decent ...and it's "free"   right ?bread - interesting chorizo and olive oil roll ...tasty...the 2nd " course" of bread ...rather boring I started w/ a foo - foo drink - tequila , orange amd lime juices w/ an egg foam ( damn...I forget the name of it ...$18 for...hmm...4 ounces !! )  tasted good ...the foo-foo drinks were $14- $18Apps - Tart of Maine lobster w/ Spanish chorizo, black trumpet mushrooms, & carmelized onions ( $38 )  ...also added but not mentioned ...red wine foam ....decent app ...maybe a little too much going on in this dish - the lobster tasted like it was poached in a lot of butter ( good by me ) the onions...very, very sweet, the chorizo and mushrooms were "strips" ...very tasty ...but put them all together...a little too much ...alone each tasted greatBraised octopus w/ picholine olives , Serrano ham, scarlet peppers ( $22) ...the octopus , very tender , the seasoning ...the sauce / peppers had a definite thai influence to it.  The ham...crisp it actually looked like jerky ....very good dish ...not as complex as the lobster dish...Btw - ordered a sauvignon blanc w/ my app - my usual - a selection from Marlborough, NZ ...damn it ...forget the name ...only SB by the glass option on the menu - excellent wine but for my palate, did not compliment my app... it was kinda cool that just before my last bite of the app, the sommelier came by and added alittle more to the glass and asked what I thought - I asked did he have a riesling by the glass - he smiled and said yes...told him that would've paired better ( ala Lotus ) he laughed and agreed ...he and I discussed our experiences at LOS ...he apologized but mentioned ( correctly so ) that he sensed my SO and I would be sharing apps and felt the acidity of the wine would work well with the lobster ( I'm far from a wine snob - all I can say is my palate agrees w/ him )Entree - SO had the hand harvested sea scallops w/ parsley emulsion and yogurt ( $42)  - very good - definite hint of tarragon ..i believe in the yogurt ... I had the seared hamachi , braised veal cheek and chaterelle mushroom sauce ....wow...great flavors !!!  only complaint....not seared ( cooked thru ) ...but still very tender....( $52 ) Had a glass of rioja w/ the hamachi ( I was going to try a pinot but the sommelier politely convinced me to try the rioja ... again - forget the name - only option on the by glass menu )  great choice !!!  $22 and again, a very generous "top-off" of the glass by the sommelierSides - ragout of miatake, abalone and trumpet mushrooms fingerling potatoes and cured pork belly .....great stuff - again, great flavors - especially the cured pork belly - SO and I agreed - could have used more pork belly ( especially blended in w/ the potatoes ) and cut up the mushrooms to bite size ( cost $18 )Crispy Brundade ( potato cakes w/ reconstituted salt cod ) ....tasty but cod made it a little too salty ( $16 ) ...give me a 2nd order of the mushrooms !!!Desserts - the price range ...gee...I believe $12 or $14 - $18 SO had the blueberry "tart?" , I went with the apple pie ala mode w/ apple gelee and Wisconsin white cheddar gelee ...both very good  -  SO loved the blueberries I liked the gelee when combined w/  the ice cream and the pie.  We both had "charlie's coffee "w/ the dessert.  ...finished w/ the "mini-dessert tray "Total price $310Overall - I give the place a thumbs up ...It ain't cheap....overall, very good service ( noticed few diners entered during our entire meal so a better table  should have been offered )   if anything, when it's that slow, it's a little intimidating  - all the servers milling around trying to act busy.....  given my attempt to try every restaurant in the vegas valley ...It will be a year or so before I return...unless someone else is buying/offering Happy Eati
5	Despite being in Vegas alone, I kept most of the reservations I'd made with a pal who ended up not coming. Checked in at Restaurant Charlie the day before to see if I could have a choice between Bar Charlie and the restaurant. Things were pretty dead so there was no problem; not even with changing my reservation by an hour 45 min beforehand. They told me I could eat at the restaurant bar if I didn't want to dine alone at a table. They also said the bartender would be fine company. So I got seated in the super modern, glass steel and light  and completely empty bar. I have to say it was a little weird. Nobody told the bartender I was dining at the bar and for a while he thought I was waiting for somone and was focussing on other things. I worried the experience would be boring and surreal like the last scene of 2001 where the old guy is having a nice meal and all you hear is his utensils clinking on the plate.Anyway once we figured things out, everything improved. The bartender was Jeremy. I first ordered a campari cocktail (campari, sweet vermouth, brandy floater with a twist). I think this gave him some good information because with each of the four courses I ordered, he provided a very interesting and virtually always stellar pairing, and it wasn't always wine. Here's what I had with the pairings listed with each course.Amuse: A bit of watermelon salad in tiny cubes with either basil or mint (or both?), and a shot glass of watermelon soup with tiny fresh spearmint leaves. Delicate poached lobster claw meat two nice bites with herb sauce (sorry not sure about the sauce...). LOVED every morsel of this.Appetizer: Fried Spiced Globe Artichoke with Honey, Pine nuts, and Mint. Great, but you have to love cumin.My pairing: Campari cocktail with brandy floaterEntree: Seared Hamachi with Braised Short Rib, Morels & Chantrelle Mushroom SauceJ's pairing: 2002 Franz Haas "Manna" Alto Adige, ItalySide: Saffron Rissoto with Cockles and Razor ClamsJ's new pairing when I got stuffed and couldn't eat any more risotto: Junmei Divine Droplets (Sake)Salad at end: Salad of Asparagus, Rhubarb, Fennel & Nasturtium Leaves - heavenly; a beautiful ending.J's pairing: Chartreuse with Stirings Soda & Lemon (amazing!)Dessert: Candies & Confections1971 Bodegas Toro Albala "Pedro XImenez Gran Reserva" Montilla-Moriles, Spain (this is the most delicious port I ever had, and he put the bottle in front of me and casually asked if I wanted more - I did not care about price at that point).We started talking about the port so much he brought over the sommalier who knew more about it, and then they handed me a big book from which I sat reading aloud, and nobody minded at all (um, I think).The hamachi with short rib was amazing. The short rib was almost like a ragu and it was carefully spread atop each chunk of Hamachi. The richness of the short rib balanced perfectly with the buttery quality of the hamachi. My only complaint which I did not voice was that the mushrooms were way beyond salty.The only thing I couldn't paddle to the finish on was the rissotto, and Jeremy rallied me by switching me from wine to divine droplets sake - fermented from the very center of the rice kernel. The sake sweetended up the super saffrony risotto and really made the flavor of the rice jump out. It actually lightened the dish significantly and helped me put away about 30 percent more. The chartreuse beverage with the herby salad totally blew me out of the water, because it went incredibly well with the salad (the rhubarb was lightly pickled and in the thinnest of shavings, resembling pickled ginger in a way) and I was dying for a digestif by that point.The whole thing ended up being fun. Jeremy and the rest of the staff at Restaurant Charlie are maniacs in a good way. I think I was a little lucky in my proximity to a very special and insightful, educated bartender, and the fact that it was a slow night may have helped somewhat, but  if you are a food and drink freak try dining at the bar and have a wonderful interactive experience with all the pairings, or just make sure to emphasize your interest in that if you are in the dining room.  Really fun and great quality.Only cons were that things came out kind of fast after my appetizer -- I wasn't finished with my entree and side when the salad also appeared before me. Not that big a deal but the pacing of serving a salad as the last course shouldn't be foreign to a fine dining staff.
4	wow, a mix of good and bad reviews.my bff and i were torn between going to cut and restaurant charile, and in the end, our curiosity about charlie trotter won out. off we went to restaurant charlie. the first thing that shocked me was the silence of the place. the bar was near empty and so was the dining room. there were only several other parties seated in the dining room. upon seating, we were quickly met by one of the service team and given a wine list and drink menu to look over. my bff ordered a cocktail with earl grey tea in it, i had one called the matcha. made with green tea, it was good, but a little to sweet, and the drink my bff ordered was just way too sweet and they were kind enough to take it off the bill when they learned that she didn't like it.the decor seemed okay, but i couldn't really tell as it seemed really dark in the dining room.we ordered our food, and we got started with an amuse of lobster and tuna. the lobster was on one side, with young shaved coconut and sweet potato puree, and the tuna was a tartar topped with thin, crispy battera konbu and shichimi. yum! one of the best amuse i've had. for the first course, my friend ordered the nigiri trio, and i had the marinated snapper with sea urchin and hijiki puree. it was great! the marinade wasn't overpowering - just enough to let the fresh taste of the snapper come through. personally, i wouldn't have minded a touch more acidity to the marinade. but overall, i was really pleased with the dish - the urchin was lush, and the dish had a great balance and texture. for our entrees, my bff had the poulard...she let me try a piece...it was so good! so tender and juicy, yet the skin was crispy. i had the seared hamachi with the braised short rib, morels, and the chanterelle mushroom sauce. the fish was cooked perfectly, the braised short ribs were so tender. on the side, we shared a ragout of mushrooms and fingerling potatoes...just a touch too salty for both of us, but still good. we finished every bit on our plates.and of course, we had to have dessert. but after we ordered our desserts, we were given a palate cleanser and i would have been happy with that as a dessert...it was a little bowl with plucots, umeboshi, sour cream sorbet and a plum chip...it was really good. for dessert, my bff had the peach pie, and i had the mint infused strawberries with strawberry sorbet, hempseed ice cream, hempseed crisps, lime granita and finished with a bit of mint granita and rum gelee. each component was good on its own, with the exception of the hempseed ice cream, but eaten with the other items on the plate, the hempseed ice cream was rather good. we were also given a small assortment of candies and confections along with our check. on our plate - molasses meringue (good but i'm not a big fan of meringues), a honey madeline (way too dry), chcolate with caramel inside (a little too sweet for me), passion fruit marshmallow (loved it!) and dark chocolate with eucalyptus cream.the service was exceptional! and from beginning to end, it was a pretty good dining experience. definitely one of the best meals i had on this trip to las vegas.
5	Just ate their last weekend during a bachelorette party. I cannot say enough good things about the service and overall AMAZING staff. There was some confusion with our reservations, but they  handled the situation with perfection. I seriously felt like a celebrity. They were so accomodating and even the chef came over to our table to check in with us. The wine was excellent. I would recommend this to anyone with a fine palate, as the food was superb. I will be there the next trip to Vegas.
3	3.5 stars actually - I just got back from a show in Vegas and while I was there, we wanted to grab a nice dinner so we went to Restaurant Charlie in the Palazzo. Food - I would rate this a 3.5 stars - I've had great food all over the world and for me, the menu and dishes have been done before. There was nothing too special about it. However, for someone who doesn't have as advanced of a pallet, I think they'd really enjoy it. Ambiance - 4.5 stars - The place is dim and nice. Each table is separated so that it feels very private and very romantic. Service - 5 stars - The gentleman greeted us, gave us background on the history of Charlie and was very accommodating throughout the entire evening.Price - 2 stars - We had maybe 6 or 7 dishes that were the size of plates I would feed my two itty pugs. No desserts and a couple of dirty martini's each. Total for us including tip was $400.00. When I weigh all the factors together, the meal although satisfying was not worth the money we had spent for it. Later that evening, we even went to Zine to grab a bowl of noodles and that was so much more satisfying.
5	I recently had the pleasure of dining at Restaurant Charlie. A totally wonderful experience! I'll dive right into the foodie details.Amuse:Hamachi Sushi paired with Guy Larmandier "Cramant" Blanc de Blancs Champagne.An absolutely fantastic light way to start the evening.1st Course:Japanese Eel with Grapefruit, Battera Kumbo(fried seaweed), sweet and sour Grapefruit Rind paired with a (beautiful) Japanese Sunshine cocktail.This course was truly exciting. My first ever "cocktail pairing"! I was skeptical at first, but the sweetness of the sake based cocktail worked perfectly with the Eel and grapefruit.2nd Course:Hand Harvested Sea Scallops with Parsley Emulsion and Yogurt paired with a 2004 Louis Michel "Montee de Tonnerre" Chablis.When I saw Parsley and Yogurt I was less than excited, but from the first bite I was very impressed. Again, the flavors combined in a way I wasn't expecting. I associate parsley with an almost inedible garnish and yogurt with something you eat because you have to, yet here they played with each other in an amazing way that brought out unbelievable sweetness from the Scallops. I am usually not a Chablis fan, but this was another outstanding choice that cut through the richness of the dish.3rd Course:Poached Maine Lobster in Yellow Curry with Lotus Root paired with a 1990 Prince Poniatowski "Clos Baudoin" Vouvray.Another surprise! I am sure that I bothered other diners with my sounds of utter joy! The sweetness of the lobster, the spicy Curry, the earthiness of the Lotus Root. Three words: Oh My God! The Vouvray had a ginger laced fruitiness that made it a perfect pairing for the curry.4th Course:Seared 32 Day Dry Aged Rib Eye with Roasted Garlic, Fingerling Potato Puree with Rosemary paired with a 2003 Alto Moncayo Garnacha.Although this was still an excellent course, it was the most standard of my meal. Simply prepared, the quality of the meat really took center stage.The wine was strong enough to holdup to the steak and was a perfect choice.Pre-Dessert:Meyer Lemon Sorbet paired with a 2006 Kracher "Beerenauslese Cuvee".A wonderfuly tart palate cleanser. I was not expecting a wine with this course, But yet another wonderful surprise! The citrusy character of this wine worked very well with the sorbet.1st Dessert Course:Roasted Kabocha Kasutera with hempseed Crisp and Frozen Tarragon Cream paired with a 1999 Oremus Tokaji Aszu "5 Puttonyos".This course is a perfect example of why I love tasting menus. If I saw this on a menu, there is no way I order it! Squash, Tarragon and Hemp for dessert? It sounds like something my brothers would've smoked in the 60's! C'Mon! But it worked. As a matter of fact it was great! There is no way I can actually describe it, but I LOVED this combination. The sweetness of the wine went very well with this unique combination of flavors.2nd(yes, 2nd!) Dessert Course:Steamed Cacao Nib Cake with Sour Candied Kumquats and Tangerine paired with a 1971 Bodegas Toro Albala "Don Pedro Ximenes".A stunning way to end a glorious meal! While the cake was wonderful, the real star here was the wine. Almost syrup like when poured, smelled like Caramel and tasted like a combination of chocolate, raisins and brown sugar. Dessert in a glass!As you can tell, I think my meal was fantastic, but that was only part of the experience. Service was outstanding without being overbearing. Even before my meal started, while enjoying a "Divine Droplets" Sake in the bar, the bartender arranged for me to get a guided tour of the kitchen! What an honor!An evening like this does come at a price, however! My bill was almost $500. I almost can't believe I am saying this...but it was worth every penny!
4	Weird reading the other reviews. I really did like this place. Expensive YES. My friend and I were invited to tour the facility before they opened and there was this Chef's Table in the kitchen overlooking. Definitely wanna try. Then there was an area that looked like a sushi bar but I think they were going for a kind of 14 course tapas style meal. We were invited in for drinks by the mixologist. She made a sparkling sake with fresh pressed roasted beet juice. Definitely tasty. I also loved this muddled orange and mango gin drink. All the drinks were like a dream of things I wanted to do last year in many restaurants.  Since we ate already we ordered apps, 3 different beets salad one golden beet, one candy cane, and then a fire roasted. It was phenomenal. I also liked the crab salad with Rice milk and sake...it lightened it up very nicely. But definitely expensive. I would knock it for the price but I understand rent is expensive. But over all I would love to come here again for a full dining experience.
4	This is a fancy french restaurant inside Palazzo.  Only reason we checked this out with a little coupon for free dessert that they put in our rooms at Venetian (advertising works!).Little did we know that this place is extremely pricey (any place with a tasting menu is serious about their food).  but hey, this is Vegas.the rating should be more like 4.5 stars - 5 stars for service, and 4 stars for food.we ordered some oysters as appetizers (some special oyster the waiter told us about that were from Maine and only 5,000 are harvested a year, or something like that).  the brought us out their standard oyster appetizer (not the special ones), and they corrected the mistake and let us keep the incorrect dish for free (this is usually to be expected, especially in the higher end restaurants that charge you like crazy).the waitstaff were very attentive, knew the menu well, and friendly.Food was to be expected for such a restaurant, but not necessarily out of this world.  the oysters (both their regular ones and the "special" ones) were super fresh and were some of the best i've had.we had sea scallops that were cooked to perfection.the fish (forgot the type, but similar to sea bass) was tender and tasty.not particularly a restaurant i'd go back again just for the food, but to bring guests and have a nice dining experience, great place.
5	It's Vegas, right? So what does one do while in Vegas? You blow money frivolously! You gamble, shop, eat, gamble, and eat some more. Restaurant Charlie is a place where one should not be surprised at it's existence. Yes, the place is pricey, but the food is thoughtfully prepared, service is attentive yet never intrusive, and the ambiance is quiet and comfortable. A great escape from the tacky, light flashing world just outside it's door. Since their seafood seems to be an area of concentration, it was surprising to find that the Rib Eye Steak was about $10 more than the poached Lobster. I had the chili lime Sea Breem. The fish picked up the great subtleties of flavor and had a great texture, not too firm, not too mushy, just flaky and perfect. The creamed potatoes were delicious and the pumpkin risotto was hearty. If you're going to waste money on anything in Vegas, make it worth your while and buy yourself a nice meal in a nice restaurant
4	Excellent seafood at this restaurant.  If you eat here, try to stick with the seafood, though.  The meat and beef is so so.  We had some issues with this place on our first visit.  It was my husband's birthday and we ordered a bottle of wine.  About $150, I think.  At some point during the evening, they refilled my glass with someone else's decanted wine.  I was looking down and didn't notice, but my husband did.  When my husband pointed that out, they took away the wine glass (which still had some of my wine in it, mixed with the other tables' wine), poured me a another glass from our bottle and called it a day.  But oh my gawd, did they kiss butt to the other table whose wine we accidentally got.  They got another bottle on the house, everyone and their grandma came over to apologize... it was insane.  Maybe these people bitched a lot or something.  Or maybe their wine cost a ton. I'm not sure. Meanwhile, we didn't even get an "Oops, sorry" out of them.  I think we were in shock and confused.  I mean, they are going to apologize without us having to ask right?  Nope.  Meal ended.  Buh-bye.  Don't let the door hit you on the way out.  So, passive aggressive as I am, I just never wanted to go back.  But my husband enjoyed the food and wanted to give them a second chance so he called the restaurant to tell them what happened.  A few months later we got a letter comping us $150 for next time.  It was weird though because the letter was dated the day after my husband's b-day.  I think they forgot to mail it.Anyway fast-forward to almost a year later.  We decide we need to go somewhere for Valentine's Day.  I looked at the letter and it had no expiration date, no restrictions, nothing like that.  Still I was apprehensive. I was certain that they would not let me use the credit on Valentine's Day and it was going to be some big to do.  But surprisingly no!  Everything was terrific and they accepted the letter without any issues.We got the tasting menu and everything was terrific.  They definitely specialize in seafood though and when you get to the meat dishes at the end of the night it is difficult to appreciate them because you are full and the seafood was just so good.  If they had a seafood only tasting menu, I would jump on it.  Also, the wine was paired perfectly.  We only got one wine pairing because we didn't want to get trashed.  But they were nice enough to give me my own glass of wine on the house when I got excited about a particular wine.  The service was impeccable.  Everything served at the exact same time and with great presentation.  Everyone was pleasant and accomodating. All in all, a good experience and we will be back.One thing to be aware of... I really think that they are pushing Bar Charlie with a vengence.  And I'm not entirely convinced that you can order Bar Charlie items while in Restaurant Charlie, as one reviewer mentioned.  When we checked in for our reservation, they showed us menus for both places and asked us where we wanted to eat.  Uhh... it's Valentine's Day... we made reservations for Restaurant Charlie... I think we want to eat at Restaurant Charlie.  I have to take away one star because of that. I was already apprehensive showing up and then when they started trying to push another restaurant on me, I went into alert status, which is not what I wanted on Valentine's Day.I peeked in and Bar Charlie was empty.  And as the name suggests, it's just a bar... I didn't see any tables.  Which is fine.  I love L'Atelier and I think Bar Charlie has a similar concept, but with sushi.  However, the heart wants what the heart wants and we wanted a table. When we were seated in Restaurant Charlie, we did not see the Bar Charlie menu.  Needless to say, they will probably accomodate you since it's the same kitchen.  But it might require some discussions with the server or, god forbid, the manager, which I try to avoid at all costs. Awkward.Next time we might try Bar Charlie and see how that flies.
1	DO NOT go to this restaurant!!! There are plenty of BETTER restaurants in Vegas to go to. When you know you're going to spend a big chunk of change on a meal, you expect to have great food and service. This was by far one of the worst dining experiences of my life! The food itself was okay. Nothing to really brag or complain about. However, my main complaint is about the service/staff. First, we had to wait 20 minutes to get seated even though we had reservations. The restaurant was half empty too. Next, it took another 30 minutes to receive our menus. We had to ask them for it a couple of times before they actually brought it to us. The waiters were all very rude and snobby. We complained to two different people claiming to be the managers and they weren't very apologetic.Although I love the Palazzo Hotel, I will never step foot back into this restaurant. I would recommend going to Cut or one of the many other restaurants in the hotel.
1	Is it possible to give a rating worst than 1 star.  This is by far the worst restaurant that we have ever been too. THE SERVICE WAS HORRIBLE. The waiters lack of knowledge of their food and wine/sake list just makes me what to break a bottle and hurt them.  We made reservations 2 weeks in advance to accommodate a large party willing to spend some good money for the birthday girl. When we got there they did not have enough menu for 13 people. They were daily menus. How hard would it be to print out few more menu.  The restaurant was not crowded, scattered patrons.  We waited 20 minutes to get half our menus while our feeble waitress did not have the decency to apologize for the wait. Our tiny slices of bread came in 40 minutes later, granted still no appetizer.  We had to ask them several times to just put the darn basket of beard.Food was good but the service and the snobbery that they slapped us with made any delicious meal that they served taste like crap.I don't think I ever hated a restaurant as much as I hate this one. They had 2 managers and still couldn't pull it off.  For the price you would expect more so we were sorely disappointed.
4	Heard some rumblings that this place might be closing soon. I've been waiting for a great night on the tables to cover the cost of this meal but i've been on quite the losing streak lately. Decided to use the excuse that i got a new job as reason to spend some serious $$ and try this place one last time ( assuming the worst ) surprised to see the place was 1/2 full. pleased  that they gave us a nice booth instead of the table by the kitchen entrance dealio like our last visit. Very pleased that the bartender was receptive to preparing a non-alcoholic drink for my girl - she was hoping for something with blueberries - they prepared a blueberry basil drink that was very refreshing. I started with a simple brewski to quench the thirst then opted for the orange blossom ( $19 - geez ! ) - i tell ya - the bartender didin't hold back on the liquor - excellent. we went ala carte again. girl went with the pea soup ( w/ shrimp dumpling ) - $26 Maine Lobster - $65 i chose the octopus ( $22 ) hamachi w/48 hour braised short ribs - $52 we shared some mushrooms with pork belly some similarities to our first visit as to the items we selected. the highlights - the hamachi w/the ribs - SPECTACULAR ! not sure it matters if the ribs cook for 24-36-48 hours but a great compliment to the hamachi. The mushrooms w/ pork belly - what's the deal with pork belly ? i love it. as i'm moaning and groaning about how good it is, i see out of the corner of my eye a server standing at a distance watching me - he probably thought i was spanking it ! For dessert - milk chocolate cheesecake - also a major hit. I gotta give props to the pastry chef - i asked if there was a chance they could give me a little taste of the tangerine sorbet that was Incorporated into another dessert. they sent along a nice scoop to try - without a doubt, the best sorbet i've ever had ! again, a whole lot of moaning while i ate that. also the little plate of treats, my girl loved the almonds dusted with cinnamon ( they were impressive ) asked the server if they could spare a few more - not a problem , a plate of them appears before us in a matter of minutes. i also went with a pinot grigio with the app - livio - decent ( $18) and with the hamachi - a blend called "plexus" - i can't remember the three grapes - syrah for sure - also very good ( $24) total bill including coffee and water $317 . when do i get that 1st paycheck !not sure if this place is gonna survive or not.  I'm thankful i had a chance to experience it.
5	Ate here recently with a group of six and let me just say we were blown away in every way possible.  We had originally intended to come here for the Palazzo's "Date Night" menu but a member of our party had reserved Restaurant Charlie instead of Bar Charlie.  Unfortunately, Bar Charlie was completely booked.  The manager came out to inform us, however, that there had been a cancellation at the Kitchen Table.  At this point I knew we were in from a treat.From the triple amuse bouche, to the diver scallops, to the sous vide wagyu, to the unbelievable desserts.  Every single course was spectacular.  Chef Trotter's commitment to excellence without excessive cream and butter really shines.  Presentation was also incredible, with each course looking like nothing more than a work of modern art on the plate.  Furthermore, each course was delivered by an elegant entourage of six wait staff - perfectly timed - and accompanied each time by a different chef who came to explain and answer questions.  Chef de Cuisine Van came twice and brought us a sharkskin grater to play with!  Where else can you experience this?Honestly, this restaurant is firing on all cylinders and if you have a chance, you owe it to yourself to try it.   FYI we were told the kitchen table typically books a month or two in advance so get your names on the list now!
4	Yes, it was delightfully delectably deliciously decadently divine. The food is really special. The alcohol prices are kinda ridick.  $40 for one glass of Veuve. That's just silliness.  I did love the sweet corn soup with the shrimp stuffed squash blossom, the jerusalem artichokes with pine nuts and cumin, and the halibut we shared with clams and mushrooms.  Every flavor truly special. Be forewarned, this is a formal place with a hefty price tag.  I don't always enjoy dining somewhere this stuffy, so we sat at the bar. The bartender gave us great service and lovely conversation about his life, new baby and new academic adventures.  I had a great time. I just want people to know this is almost as formal as The Mansion.
5	I came here with my bf and his friend and it is beautifully decorated inside. My bf and his friend decided on the 8 course menu and I had ordered the seared kampachi. They told us we could do any type of alcohol pairing according to what our course was. We had option of wine pairing, sake, scotch, vodka, whatever. WOW. I've never heard that before. So my bf and his friend got the scotch pairing since they are avid scotch lovers. The service was impeccable, the sommelier was incredibly knowledgeable about every type of scotch presented and it paired perfectly with their food. We learned quite a bit about scotch. Towards the end of the meal, I realized they forgot my fish! I had been snacking on their food and we had ordered the caviar which was AMAZING, HEAVEN on EARTH!! The caviar will run you about $200 each but comes with the most amazing bread and dips ( egg, garlic herb, etc, delicious!!)It was sooo good we ordered 2 more caviar! Since they forgot my main dish, they gave me an extra sake, which was great since everyone else was drunk off the scotch pairing. This was the most expensive dinner I ever had for 3 people but very memorable.
5	I had heard a mixed bag of comments regarding Restaurant Charlie. I was excited, however, to find out for myself being invited to the restaurant as part of a party of 60 people for a British craft beer pairing dinner during the NBWA convention. This restaurant amazed me in so many ways. The very modern setting is comfortable and inviting. We were situated in the back part of the restaurant on round tables of ten people each. For the dinner, the manager, Conrad, came over beforehand and asked the entire table if anyone had any allergies. I mentioned that I could not have oysters and did not care for green peppers. This is a fairly standard service step for a restaurant of this caliber, but seeing it done for a party of 60 was impressive. The menu that was put together to match the beers was conceptualized very close to the event to utilize the freshest ingredients possible. I was simply amazed at the innovative pairings that were put together, and even more amazed at the fact that they were Able to put out such a quality product for so many people. One of my courses was different to account for my allergy to oysters, and most of the people at the table had one of their courses changed because of aversions to certain foods. The service was stunning, and everyone was very friendly. Especially Conrad, who was very involved in the party and was the epitome of professionalism. Afterwards, I enjoyed some perfectly made Sazeracs at the bar to put a nice end to a perfect evening. This is probably the best meal I have had in Vegas, and I can't wait to try Restaurant Charlie again with a smaller party when I can really let them go crazy with the menu. Well Done.
2	Disappointing. I've been a huge fan of Charlie Trotter's in Chicago, and was excited to try out his new place in Las Vegas emphasizing seafood. Maybe it was because it was so late (9:30pm on a Friday night after a show) but the servers were definitely not on their game. Though they advertise that they take reservations until 11:00pm, there was just one other party in the restaurant.I started out with a nice, albeit expensive glass of Schramsberg, and was greeted by a refreshing amuse consisting of a little pile of Peekytoe crab seasoned with light citrus and vinegar flavors. As an aside, I wonder what the attraction of Peekytoe crab is...it seems that it is always somewhat tough and stringy. I much prefer Maryland Blue Crab. I started out with a Fruits de Mer with spot prawns, cockles, and oysters. The presentation was lovely but it was oversalted. Furthermore, though chilled, I didn't realize that the spot prawns would be raw...they weren't even cured by the citrus, and as a result, were unpleasantly mushy with a lingering aftertaste. The dish was garnished with two deep-fried shrimp heads, but these were lukewarm and tasted like they had been done well in advance of plating. My wife had spiced artichokes with honey and pine nuts. Now these were delicious. The artichokes were deep-fried and seasoned with some Moroccan-inspired heat. Great dish.I proceeded to have the Lobster tart with chorizo and trumpet mushrooms. This was again marred by oversalting and the generous chunks of lobster were a bit overdone. Conceptually, the problem I have with this dish is that there was an overwhelming amount of chorizo that had been overcooked resulting in a vinaigrette with lots of "pebbles". Finally, I had the hamachi with braised short ribs and trumpet mushrooms. It was okay. The short ribs tasted a little on the tough and stringy side, and again seemed oversalted to me (I wonder if they had been sitting around too long out of their braising liquid through the course of the day). The fish, though nice and rare in the middle, seems to have been seared at too high a temperature so that the exterior was overdone...I've never encoutered that before!In the meantime, my wife had the ocean trout with oysters and hijiki. The oysters were perfectly poached and remained meltingly tender albeit too salty, but the trout again tasted overdone and chewy. We would have given a pass on the food if the service were better. It was very friendly and as a result, it was very difficult to post a negative review. But it seemed unattentive. We had a dining companion who was vegetarian but did not like beets. We made this clear to the many servers which attended us. So the amuse came with roasted beets. We pointed this out to the server. Then her next dish came with beets. We again had to point this out.Again, this dining experience was so disappointing in view of the fact that I love Charlie Trotter's so much. For my wife's two courses and my three courses, a glass of Schramsberg and a glass of chablis, tax and tip, we paid nearly $300 (way overpriced). The place did have the air of a place doomed to impending failure wafting about.
4	Let me start off by saying that I loved every bite of food at Restaurant Charlie.  Every bite.  I had fish there that surpassed my experiences eating at a restaurant next to the famous Tsukiji Fish Market in Tokyo, which I might add is incredible in itself.The reason why this place does not get a five is the atmosphere.  The ambiance is sleepy.  For whatever reason, I did not like sitting in the restaurant at all, even though we had the most beautiful view.  Despite delicious course after course, I was itching for the moment to be released from overly subdued atmosphere. Unlike some of the reviews I've read here, I thought the service wasn't bad.  Our server seemed a bit nervous and awkward, but he was nice and professional.  The table-side presentation and nice touch of being all served in one swoop was nice as well.  I cannot even begin to pinpoint what dishes to order, although the trout does stand out in my mind.  At my table, we ordered a number of items to try.  There were no disappointments.  Also, save room for dessert.  We had something with honey, although I cannot remember what it was called.  It was phenomenal though.  Of all of my fine dining experiences in Las Vegas, the food here was THE BEST.  I've been highly disappointed with the food of other famous restaurants in Vegas.  Restaurant Charlie had exceptional quality in ingredients and cuts of fish.  I give this a thumbs up! I only caution about the ambiance.
3	Here we go:Amuse boucheHamachiNot particularly creative but deliciousStarterQuail with caramalized turnip and mizunaThis was a special dish. Beautiful presentation, well cooked meat, juicy and delicious. Overall a wonderful starter.MainBlack sea bass with baby brussel sprouts and melrose appleVery unimpressive dish. Tasted like sea bass I would have for 25 bucks at The Fish Market in Palo Alto. So so unhappy with this. Not terrible, but at these prices, it should be much better.DessertVenezuelan choc with marcona almond and port raisin ice creamDelicious. Not a fan of the raisins themselves in the dish but overall a fantastic dessert that had a number of complex flavors.But for this price range and time for preparation, the 2 star sea bass was not excusable. So 3 stars overall. Service was poor for a place of this quality as well, and ambiance was very weak for a high end place. Altogether disappointing. How the heck did this place get a Michelin Star??!???
1	I don't want to gamble at a restaurant. I'm sorry...I just don't think it's fair odds, Palazzo. However, if you were a bookie, you would have taken our $3000 bill very easily. Whoever you are Charlie...I dislike you and if this real vegas times, you would be sleeping with the fishes. (okay, I'll stop watching Vegas movies..I apologize but I need one from Charlie too)
5	I had one of the best meals of my life at Restaurant Charlie. Definitely top three. This place is amazing. It's beyond amazing, it's transcendent. I took my husband here as a Valentine's gift but it ended up being a gift for both of us. That's how special I think the food is here.First off, the ambiance, it's not very Vegas at all. It's quiet, subdued, beautifully and tastefully decorated, it makes me think that this is the restaurant Michael Mina should be if it weren't situated right next to a noisy hotel lobby. Service here was tremendous, at any given time we had about four people attending to our needs and they were never intrusive or overly solicitous, they were just quietly around us bringing plates, filling water glasses and making quite suggestions for wine pairings.Now on to the food, the restaurant's focus is seafood so we stuck to seafood when ordering our courses. My first course was the fluke sashimi which was amazing. Absolutely stunning presentation, the fish was made to look almost like flowers with a scattering of fried shiso leaves on the plate. My husband got the peekytoe crab salad with rice milk which was poured tableside. Both dishes were unlike anything we'd ever tasted. Unique flavor pairings and nice bright flavors, perfect for a first course. My tastebuds felt like they were dancing after this course was over.My second course was spiced globed artichokes, again, great and unique flavor pairings. My artichoke was crusted with a spice blend (I think it was dukkah) and served with honey, pine nuts and a pesto sauce. It was really delicious and a nice progression from my raw first course. My husband had the tempura langoustine which was also really delicious. The langoustine was nicely fried and not greasy. I highly recommend that dish.For third course we got the same thing, butter poached lobster. How could we both not get that? The lobster comes simply presented on  a plate with a side dish of clarified butter for dipping as well as a side of mashed potatoes. Those mashed potatoes were the BEST mashed potatoes I've ever had. This sounds silly but they might have been my favorite part of the meal. The lobster was ridiculously good, tender and sweet, it didn't even need to be dipped in butter. Another amazing dish.Finally for dessert I got a brown butter cranberry tart with tangerine sorbet that was the perfect end to the meal, the pastry crust was amazing and the tart cranberry and tangerine felt like a perfect antidote to all the richness of the lobster. My husband got a chocolate tart with port raisin ice cream. I really loved the ice cream and felt it paired with what would normally be a standard issue chocolate tart.I'm now a convert to the cult of Charlie Trotter. If you are looking to splurge on a nice meal in Vegas I urge you to check this place out.
5	First off, as a Chicago native, I think Charlie Trotter is an amazing chef and I may be biased because he's a hometown favorite.  That said, Restaurant Charlie is every bit as good as his flagship in Chicago.  And that says a lot.  Food is intellectual, clean, and excellent.  But the thing that has always set his places apart is the service.  Attentive, yet never intrusive, I think those guys and girls wear wrestling sneakers, because they seem to sneak up and have exactly what you need/want, but never seem to have to ask if "everything is all right."  Amazing. Wine service is also smart, efficient, and flawless.And, one of the biggest reasons I love Trotter's work...he is perhaps one of the most accomadating chefs to vegetarians and vegans.  He even has a Raw Food Tasting menu back in Chicago...didn't see it at the Vegas location, but he bends over backwards to make an amazing meal for non-meat eaters.  He has even gone so far as to say that he enjoys making the Vegetable Tasting Menu MORE than his meat versions...according to him, it's more of a challenge and there are many more options in how to cook/present vegetables as opposed to a piece of meat.Next time, I'm going for the Chef's Table located upstairs...
2	What in the world happened here???I was in Vegas the last half of the week of St. Patrick's Day, and got in touch with an old college friend who lives there.  So, we decided to meet up for dinner on Friday night.  We talked on Thursday night to decide where to eat.  I ended up picking Restaurant Charlie because it was on my bookmarked list of places to try (I've heard about Charlie Trotter's in Chicago), it had 1 Michelin star from 2009, & it was located in the hotel I was staying in (convenient for car-less me).  He called & made reservations for Friday night at 6pm while I was still on the phone with him.  Well, we were going to meet there, since he was coming from work, so I walked down shortly before 6pm, only to find the door to the restaurant locked.  I was completely confused, so, I thought maybe there's an entrance from the outside.  I tried to figure that out while I texted my friend to let him know what was going on.  He arrived shortly after, & we flagged down staff at the Palazzo to discover that the restaurant was closed.  So, did they close after my friend called & made reservations the night before?  Or did my friend end up talking to some other place & making reservations there inadvertently?  I'm not sure what happened there.  We didn't get a call or warning or anything.  Anyway, the story has a happy ending (for us)...we ended up having a fantastic meal at L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon (maybe a review coming soon?).I don't even know how to rate this review!
5	So Sad! One of the best meals of my life.  I guess I have to get to Chicago now!
5	We are lucky to have been able to eat at this place when it was open. We had the best dinner of our lives, every course was like velvet! So beautiful and delicate, and overly pleased with the management and chef line. What a memory!
