4	Hobby Lobby could be described as highly addictive and dangerous to those with a shopping problem. I really love this store and it seems to have a little bit of something for everyone. They have a great selection of decor items and all of it is very reasonably priced (especially when you have a coupon or they are running a sale.) The customer service is good and the only complaint I can provide is their check out system...it is dreadfully slow. Worth the wait for my shabby chic goodies. So happy this location is finally open!
3	I did some real quick Christmas shopping here and it seemed like it was reasonably priced and they had a great layout and some pretty good sales. It's a new store and is probably similar to Michaels but with a cleaner layout.
4	Happy that this store came to the Pavilions.  They have everything, and the prices are reasonable when you use their coupons.  Not sure how Joann and Michaels will fare since all three stores are similar.
4	I can get lost in Hobby Lobby real quick if I'm not careful. I go there to get last-minute gifts and decorating supplies, and next thing I know I'm walking out with a framed poster and three vases.  They have so many distinctive little knickknacks for sale! Lucky I don' t do much in the way of crafting or scrapbooking or it'd be much, much worse. I always forget they're closed on Sundays, though. Note to self! Go to Michaels on Sundays! They always have amazing sales after holidays on all the leftover seasonal decor, and that's when I pick up stuff for next year. What can I say, I'm thrifty like that. I haven't bought Christmas wrapping paper in season for the past four years, but I also haven't spent a fortune on it either.
4	This store has the biggest selection of hobby items and decorations ever!
5	This store is dangerously addictive!
4	I've been to this specific Hobby Lobby twice now. I like that it's next to a JoAnne's, that way if one store doesn't have what I need I can run to the other. Plus, the parking is decent but the entire plaza kind of seems deserted. Maybe that's why there's good parking?The inside is nice and clean. The layout is practically the same as the other Hobby Lobbies I've been to. I like that Hobby Lobbies have artsy-crafty stuff but also have home decorations and knickknacks. Everything is reasonably priced and I could browse the decorations for hours. Which I am sure is their evil intent, because the checkout line is always a mile long and there's only one employee that can help. I love browsing, but I hate making a purchase. Sometimes I only have one item and I'm dying to get out of the store, but nooo. I feel like I'm being held hostage by nice elderly folk. (It doesn't matter which location I've been to, all of them take forever to check out of.) There's always nice employees available to help you find something, which is great, but I wish they'd put more employees on the registers. That's really my only gripe, but it's one that makes me avoid Hobby Lobby unless I really need something that JoAnne's or Michael's can't provide.
4	One of my favorite places. I do have to discipline myself every time I go in there to not apply for a credit card!  They have awesome vinyl record frames. Holiday time it's the best place for home decor
5	A friend told me about this place and when I was in the area I thought I'd give it a go. Well, I spent over 2 hours going through all their inventory!  This place will inspire you to be creative even if you're not.  I got everything I need for a project I've put off for a while. I'm happy to say, my project is finally done. I love this place and their prices are reasonable.
3	I'm definitely not the most creative person, and I'm not very "in the know" when it comes to the latest on pinterest, crafty home decor, etc... but I love admiring the work of my crafty friends and looking on etsy for handmade gems of all kinds.I didn't really know that Hobby Lobby existed until I was told to meet an acquaintance there a few days ago.  She is helping me with designing some shirts for my kids and a bachelorette party I'm planning and wanted me to meet her to pick out fabric.  I had to look up "Hobby Lobby" to see what it was, where it was, and in doing so, I checked out their website.  "Where have I been," I'm asking myself.  I learned that as of August 2013, Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc. has 550 stores in 44 states and is one of America's fastest growing arts and crafts chains.  Well, now I know!And upon stepping foot into this HL location, I see why!  It's a crafty person's wonderland!  Not only does HL carry fabric, but they have seasonal stuff, paper and cards, all kinds of crafts, frames, bags and containers, home accents, string, yarn, ribbon, jewelry, home accents, and so much more.  If I weren't going to meet a friend in the fabric section, my head would have been spinning with all of the different offerings here.  The employees on staff were friendly enough and prices seemed reasonable.If and when I am in the market again for some arts and crafts, I would consider returning to Hobby Lobby, but I'll probably need to give myself more time to explore this massive warehouse of a store.  I suggest you do the same if you go!
4	I respect the fact they want to give their employees Sundays off. But seriously the only time I ever want to go to Hobby Lobby is on a Sunday. Otherwise they have an amazing selection and their prices are more than acceptable. Great place for Christmas shopping too. I'm great full for the Michaels in the same shopping center for my Sunday urges.
4	Seriously, how have I never been here before? How!? I love Michael's and I love any other craft shop in the area, but I seem to have missed the boat on Hobby Lobby until now. I think back to all the missed times Hobby Lobby could have come to my rescue but alas, I didn't get the memo that they were just this cool. Hobby Lobby is way more than just a crafting store. It's more like a home decor shop, accessory store, craft store and helpful anytime you need any sort of nick knack for your home. Whether it's fun signs for your wall, wooden boxes for decoration, or fabric and art supplies, Hobby Lobby serves as a one stop shop. I came here to buy fleece for a volunteer project and found myself window shopping through the aisles. I will definitely be back soon and very often!
5	I love hobby lobby! I don't know what I did before I discovered this place. I go here for everything, anybody who has ever gotten hooked on the pinterest diy craze will fall in love with this place. They have a little bit if everything. Also a great place to shop for holiday decor!
5	I love this place. They have the best decorations, the best wrapping paper and gift bags, and such cute furniture and accessories.
5	I am not very crafty, but sometimes I need a frame, chocolate for a fountain or wall decor.  Hobby Lobby has all of the above and you never need to pay full price. Either they are 40-50% off (some items are 90% off) or look up a coupon before you leave home or on your smart phone and get a 40% off coupon (not on sale merch).
