4	You can't really fault this place for location. It's secondary to none, and is the basis of my 4* review!As a tourist this is probably the best place to stay in the city. It's right in the middle of Princes Street and has brilliant views of the castle and the city gardens.The hotel itself doesn't look like much, but don't judge a book by its cover. Up some stairs (or elevator, whatever) and you are in the Waverly! It's nice enough, really traditional and still has a Scottish twist. As highlighted before me, the prices are brilliant too. So overall, for your value for money and location, you can't really go wrong!
3	My parents and I chose to stay at this hotel just before I moved into university accommodation, as it's extremely central, being situated on Princes Street.The decor also looked quite rich and characterful, and when we arrived, we weren't at all disappointed. The hotel is very nicely presented! However, we came with a lot of luggage and the staff weren't that helpful in helping us lug them up the stairs to reception. We felt lucky to be placed in a top floor room overlooking Princes Street, especially as most of the sound could be blocked out by closing the windows. However, the bagpipes were NOT blocked out and promptly woke us up every morning around 9! I'm ashamed to say I had murderous thoughts of sniping the fellow just to get some shuteye, and have since lost any affection for the bagpipe I may have had.The hotel is reasonably priced for it's location, but it did seems it was just a few adjustments away from being a real luxury hotel. Just make sure your hotel room is facing AWAY from Princes Street..that my warning!
3	I hope to age as gracefully as the Old Waverley Hotel. Not that I want to live to be over 150 years old, but it's in remarkable shape, all things considered.Beyond having a rich history, I thoroughly enjoyed the creaky, tilted central stairs, the free high-speed wi-fi throughout the property, and especially the spectacular views from my room of Scott Monument and the Edinburgh Castle. They do, however, need to reconsider the furniture configuration in the rooms: there's no room to fit a chair under the work desk because the bed is simply too close. In order to work, I ended up having to straddle the edge of the desk. That's -not- an attractive look, let me tell you.Also, kudos to the exceptionally efficient staff at the front desk. They may be brusque, but they will get you checked in/out in record time!That's kind of how this hotel goes: it may not be glitzy, glamorous, or the newest, shiniest hotshot on the block... but it'll get the job done. Like 'wham, bam, thank ya ma'am' done. And that, good readers, is a respectable thing indeed.
5	Not sure what to fault.  As others have noted, the location is brilliant.  If you are coming in by train, this is a dream.  It is rightadjacentto the principal attractions, I.e. The castle.  The service is friendly, the rooms are surprisingly spacious.  The decor is upscale though not ostentatious and the prices reasonable.  You may not wow your friends but this is a quality place at a fair price in a perfect location.
3	Lovely hotel set in the heart of Edinburgh.  Princes Street is so close to everything and anything you wish to do is just on your door step.  The staff are very friendly and accommodating and the rooms are clean and comfortable.  As Princes Street is one of the main thorough fairs of Edinburgh if you are a light sleeper - ear plugs would be a necessity!
4	Edinburgh: "They have a nice castle."  This is where to stay to see it.  Location: it's within a stone's throw from the train station, across the street from the Sir Walter Scott Monument.  The Hop On/Off buses line up across the street by the station.  Sainsbury's is around the corner (make friends with that store--it's a traveler's companion).  High Street is just a walk up a steep hill where all the action is.  I could see the majestic castle from our window, shrouded in the regal, romantic rains of Edinburgh.  We did hear street traffic and crowds at night, and the mournful bagpiper at 9 a.m., but it was okay. (Too hung over to care.  Might have wanted my Enfield for the bagpiper if sober.)  Cleanliness: an excellent staff kept our room very tidy.  Decor: pleasantly outfitted with modern furniture but with a slightly old world feel.  Internet access:  they offer it free, but it is not always dependable.  They offer faster, better Wifi for a price.  See front desk for pay rates.  I was very happy when it was working for free.  Access: You'll need to be able to climb a flight of  stairs to get up to the front desk.  Then up 3 more steps to get to the WEE, SLOW elevator.  If someone in your party is disabled or looks like Fat Bastard from " The Spy Who Shagged Me," this may pose a problem.   Staff: efficient, friendly.  Just the best.  Facilities: They've a lovely lounge in there, and a restaurant, the Cranston.  Didn't try the lounge, but the restaurant was very nice.  Scottish breakfasts complete with potatoes, haggis, and black sausage.  The 25 pound dinners were very elegant--loved the rack of lamb.  Price: I thought it was reasonable for what they offered.  Weather: It was August, but people were wearing coats and sweaters like it was winter.  I ended up really liking the cool, brisk, mild climate since it's perfect for all the walking you're going to be doing.  But when it rained, it sucked . . . sucked . . . sucked.  The relentless moisture clings to you like a stray dog humping your leg that you can't shake off.  The only remedy is to drink a couple pints of Guinness and hope it goes away.  Dress appropriately for rain and shine.    synopsis: it's a nice hotel, great location, with a great staff.  Enjoy.
1	bleuch.
4	This is the place to stay if you want to walk everywhere...and never mind the construction on Prince Street it is their equivalent of Boston's Big Dig, it's not going to end soon.Think old hotel...retrofitted with tiny elevator, winding hall ways.  Remember to get a room facing Prince Street or otherwise don't spend anytime in your room.  Don't spend any time in your room anyway...just go out and enjoy the city.
4	I stayed here for six nights while touring Scotland.  It was very basic but nice.  Just off the train station which made getting into the city/out of really easy.  It was walking distance to everything in the city and a great rate for the time we were there.It was worth the price as we hardly spent any time in the room.
4	Tis was the time for the Last Elite Event of the year and the Old Waverly Hotel had the glittberball spinning!It's a beautiful ballroom.  It has the features that alot of hotel don't.  1. Kept the cornice on the ceiling.  2. a stunning view of prices st gardens and the castle!The buffet was delicious and the macarons were pretty awesome too!  Scones were pretty tasty too although I like mine Big!Staff were friendly too.
4	I have never been in The Old Waveley before and it was actually a very nice establishment for a function. Very Central...infact i dont think you could get a better location. Nice and Bright. I must try afternoon tea here sometime!
4	The location of this hotel is what drew us to stay here. It is directly across from Waverley train station on Princes St. The staff is kind and the rooms aren't as small as a lot of other European rooms. Shower is spacious. Bathrooms are modern, but bedrooms look like they haven't updated the furniture and decorations in a long time. There is no refrigerator or microwave in the room.  There is only one very small lift for the entire hotel, which ensures that you'll be waiting a while to hop on unless you want to cram in with a few other people. There are also a lot of stairs you have to go up to get to reception. Thankfully, there's a bell at the bottom where you can call a staff member to come help with heavy bags.
