2	I don't really know what to think about World Market.  You walk in and want to think that there's something you need, but in reality it's just a whole bunch of stuff that you may never need.It might even be worse than Bed, Bath and Beyond next door, because at least most of that stuff has some semblance of practicality.  At World Market, there is almost nothing that I can ever see using.It's like a flea market of assorted odds and ends that someone collected and is trying to get rid of now that they realized the same thing.
3	I'd have to agree with Chad on this one... there's a lot of stuff in here that you could get next door at BB&B...  There are some pretty cool specialty stuff that the World Market does carry though:  beer and wine selection as well as spices.  I don't know if I would ever buy furniture from here... but maybe patio furniture.The do have a ton of kitchen stuff and cookware, pricewise very comparable to BB&B (if not better).If anything, this place is a cool place to kill time and get ideas.
4	I'm giving it a 4 star review.  It must be a girl thing because the guys have both given it low reviews and I'm thinking it's because they don't think like us... oooohh... shiny... is that wine, wait candles, oh curtains! World Market is a HUGE distraction for woman. This is a layer of hell for husbands. Every time I come here I am totally distracted. It's like a Pier One but with food, cookware, and wine! I love coming here on Saturday afternoons for the wine tastings. Also, they have some great ethnic food items.   Interesting story... my coworker was looking for pez refills for his daughter's pez dispenser and literally could not find them anywhere... guess who had an entire end cap of pez? World Market.  World Market is the type of place where you'll find out of the ordinary items. Are you looking for a teeny tiny packet of brie or nutella? Well you'll find it at WM. I love living in Matthews and hope that other people will appreciate World Market as much as I do.
3	After hearing of the closing of the University City location, I took the trek down to Matthews for some quick gifts for some visiting company.  The location is a bit far from where I live, and the area is a bit confusing to navigate.  I made it to the store, but only after some weird traffic events!The store was similar to other locations.  Neat things are spread about the store in a weird trader's market style.  This location, however, was not as tidy as I had experienced at other stores.  The shelves seemed to be well rummaged, and things were strewn about the floor.  It seemed that they could use a couple days to get the store back into a sensible order.They had some great stuff for sale; interesting snacks and soaps from around the world.  Their prices were on par with other locations.  They had quite a bit of inventory, which I'm sure contributed to the cluttered atmosphere.As other reviews mention, being next to a BB&B is more of a challenge for the consumer, as there is a sense of redundancy going on.
4	I prefer this store over the one on South Blvd. The store essentially has the same layout and mostly the same merchandise, but this store just seems a little more inviting. The employees are friendly and helpful here. I love to stop in around the holidays to pick up cool European candies and good items. They have a pretty decent selection of beer, wine, coffee, and tea.  I also like shopping here for unique gifts.  You can put together really cool gift baskets with all the minature gourmet food items.
4	This place is like an upscale Homegoods. They sell everything from jewelry to wall decor to beer/wine to glass and tableware. A lot of the items are priced a bit steep... but they are of good quality. However... as others have commented, you can find a lot of this stuff next door at the Bed Bath and Beyond.Fun to walk around in... but usually a bit outside of my price range.
5	Love it! Was so sad the University one closed so now I head to Matthews. World Market has an interesting and eclectic collection of bric-a-brac, wall hangings, toiletries, fine dining and kitchen items. Sure the stuff next door at Beds Baths & Beyond may be a bit less expensive and more utilitarian, but the items you will find here are unique and still reasonably priced.I show up mainly for the food section. Nice selection of chocolate, olive oil, organic herbs & spices, coffee, tea, different varieties of sea salts; all at pretty decent prices. Sign up for their World Market explorer and when you spend $100 on food items they'll send you a $10 coupon good on anything in their store. On your birthday they will send you $10 to spend too. The store is laid out a bit erratically, always terrified that I'll break something. Still a great place to explore.
4	More than a furniture store, lots of interesting bits, from coffee to wine. Lots of spices, olive oil, pasta etc etc, more than I want to type.. LOL.  Many great deals but not on everything so keep your eyes open. There used to be one of these on our side of town, but it closed..boo. I would have given this 5 stars but they make us drive across town now. Still worth the trip as some of the furniture and other household odds and ends would be otherwise difficult to find in Charlotte.
5	I bought a cute white desk from here. I had to get the one on the floor because they were out of them in the back but its great because I was looking for a white antique looking desk for my computer and this would work because it had some scratches. I love the desk, it is perfect. The store is big and lots of cute things and wine! The two people who took the desk apart for me and put it in my car were super nice and helpful. I did not get to see everything in the store because I found the desk too quick, but i will go back!
3	This place is an interesting, ecclectic collection of things ranging from furniture, to fake plants, to groceries - all of which are quite pretentious.  Many, if not all of the items have international flare, presumably the driving force behind the store's name, and many of the items are hard-to-find elsewhere.It's not cheap to shop here, but that's the price you pay for exclusivity.  They also have an option to sign up for their World Market rewards program that will save you 10% on your first purchase, which would definitely come in handy if you're in the market for an antique looking piece of furniture.Overall, it's a fun store, with lots of nifty things to look at.  Much of what's there appears to be of high quality as well, so certainly a nice place to visit on a rainy day.
4	World Market is so much fun. I have a great time finding things in the food section from other countries. They have a great wine selection and I almost always buy a new wine to try from here. They also have beautiful home decorations, although they are a bit pricey for me. Be on the lookout for the clearance sections, they hide some great buys there. The employees are always very nice and helpful, and definitely keep me coming back here. Be sure to join their shopper rewards program. You are sent coupons, and can sometimes get a % off in store.
5	Really nice general manager Paul, great beer and wine selection and free Saturday afternoon tastings! Decent sales on many store departments. I love the English stuff I can find in the food department. Lots of sweets and Indian goodies. Always worth a visit to check out the clearance.
3	I'm usually in this store once a year, around Christmas time. I go in search of marzipan. I must say, I've been successful every time! That's a plus for my wife since she's the marzipan fan. This place does have a ton of different things from furniture to beer to European candies. If you are looking for that "this reminds me of home" type gift for your well traveled friends, this place should be on your must visit list.
5	Loveeeeee this world market. World market has cute kitchen nic nacks and a variety of diffrent things from places all around the world. I bought a sushi starter kit and learned how to make sushi! Very friendly employees!
