3	I tried jerk pasta which was pretty good. It was not over cooked unlike most of the Italian restaurants in America. I think it was a bit pricy for lunch though. Waitress was friendly though I had hard time understanding her accent.
2	I really don't want to be mean in my review because they just opened up and it appears they are still trying to get their groove going.I'll keep it simple - this is my fact section:We sat down, me and my girlfriend, and we were the only people in there. The waitress told us the food was "made to order" and would take some time. She was very polite and friendly. When I received my crabcakes, they appeared to be like a Cosco or other frozen store brand. They were very small and squished with a mass produced looking breading. I ask the waitress if these were freshly made and she said yes. I grew up in New England, so I know a fresh crabcake when I eat one, she eventually admitted they were pre-frozen but she was not clear if they were store bought or made there... For $8, for 2 small crabcakes, I felt they should have been honest. I don't want to make any assumptions but she did lie about them being frozen. If they were store bought or not, I really don't know for sure, so I will leave that alone. My girlfriend ordered Jerk Chicken, and when it came out, it was mostly bone sitting in a soup like sauce, in my opinion it was a lot of sauce with hardly any chicken. Because this dish may be different from Caribbean cultures depending on which Island, I'll not say for sure if this was good or not. My girlfriend has a stronger opinion, but that's hers, she did not like it, that's all I'll say.For some weirdness-The owner then came out when the waitress and I were talking and she began to interrogate me about the food.I said my peace to the waitress and wanted to leave at that point. The owner continued to tell me she needs to know more opinion, which is fine, but I just wanted to leave at this point. I had to plead with them to just take my credit card and charge us so we can pay them and get out of there.The two stars is because they are very new, and may need to just get their footing. Im going to give them the benefit of the doubt and look their interrogation as a good thing, and they just don't know yet, that a couple out for dinner in Phoenix does not want to be interrogated. I actually hope they improve and I see better reviews, then maybe we'll give them a second chance.
2	I'll do the same as the guy below and say I don't want to be mean because they're new and I hope they get a little better. I love Caribbean food, and Jamaican in particular is something there's very little of in Phoenix. I had the jerk chicken as well and it was very much on the jerk and very small on the chicken...it seemed well priced but there were too many bones and too few pieces (which may have compensated for the lack of meat on the pieces that were there.) my wife loves plantains, as do I, bit we both thought something was off...maybe just not ripe enough. I'll review again after I try again...which I'll try to do because  it is family owned and the menu did have a lot of depth.
4	I have been here more than a few times. Only bad I can say is that the broccoli she's needs to be more consisting on flavor. Everything else taste great. The jerk chicken is different than I'm use too. Compared to other places but it taste great. Like I said I come here often and will continue. BTW I am a chef.
1	If I could give this place zero stars I would. We stopped here on our way to visit the botanical gardens. They had Carribean jerk chicken advertised as a special, which is what drew us in. As soon as we walked in, it seemed incredibly strange. At 12:30p, we were the only customers. The host, seemed surprised that we want to be seated. There are only about 15 tables in the restaurant and it seems very nice with white table clothes and cloth napkins, but then there are crepe paper streamers hanging over the side door. Back in the corner, there are odds and ends just gathered. Off to the side and out of the way, but still in plain view. After watching Breaking Bad, this struck me as some sort of money laundering operation.The server didn't seem to know how to act, almost as if she had never served customers before.  She didn't mention the special and we had to ask. I asked if there we onions in the dish I ordered. She said no, but when she served my order it was covered in onions.  The portions were tiny. The overall vibe and atmosphere was uncomfortable. They had no background music, complete silence.I would not recommend this place to anyone!
5	Jerk pasta was spicy and delicious! Love this hidden gem. This is our go to now. Another awesome dish for fettuccine lovers is the Cajun fettuccine.
3	I think Caribbean Palm has potential.  The menu has a lot of interesting variety, the kind of stuff I'd like to try over a series of visits.  Food was reasonably priced and quite tasty. I think with a few minor changes they could significantly improve the customer experience. The area for ordering takeout looked kind of like a convenience store, with some mini fridges stocked with some obscure energy drink.  If they tidied that up a little bit, and added a little background music (maybe some reggae?), it would be a nicer place to hang while you waited for your meal. I got the sauteed spinach side, which while very delicious, also included a lot of onions and peppers. I don't have any problem with that (I love onions and peppers), but someone that didn't like those extra ingredients wouldn't appreciate the fact that the menu and delivered product didn't coincide. The jerk chicken, which I'm assuming is a typical flagship dish for a Caribbean restaurant, had a rich, spicy and sweet flavor.  Because it was so good, I was more than a little disappointed with the amount of meat that was on the bones.  When I was done, there were way too many bones left on my plate and my stomach wanted more chicken!   The hostess was friendly, but she didn't do a great job of explaining the menu to a newcomer, so I was a little confused at first.  Regardless of the faults, I would return to try a few other dishes and check out their progress as a new restaurant.
4	I've never have dined in only have had delivery. I love their pasta plates! Every time I have it I love it more and more. My Husband likes the jerk chicken with plantains.
