5	Mindy has been doing my nails for approximately two years. She is AMAZING!! Her new shop is well deserved and 1st Class all the way!!  Mindy is thorough,  contentious and a truly caring professional.  I will now travel a distance to have my manicures and pedicures done at her shop. Well worth it!Linda V.
1	This place is terrible! Mindy is a crook. She is sweet as pie, until she adds as much money as possible to your bill! When you ask why it's more expensive than she quoted, she yells and tries to embarrass you into paying! If you are looking for a place that will treat you like crap or be as "sweet as possible" to guilt you into spending more- this is your spot.
3	I went here after remembering I had saved a coupon from a mailer flyer. I didn't need an appointment for the pedicure, and the lady took me back right away. My issue with nail salons, is that the techs do not speak english. This isn't a big deal, since I like to zone out in my own world but it's still a little difficult trying to convey what I want done. The prices are a little high for the area, but it was a relaxing experience.
4	Best pedicures ever!!! Skip the manicure cause your nails will chip within an hour of leaving the salon, which sucks when you get your nails done to go one vacation and your nails look worse than before because half the nail polish chips off before the end of the 3rd day.
5	This has become my new Favorite place!! They have  really good pedi specials 3 to choose from the ultimate is THE BEST and 1.5 hrs long. My pedi lasts forever! Very very nice people they use pedicure tubs for the pedi baths! Very very clean very open and with no smell of chemicals. Huge selection on nail polishes. China glaze , Essie, Color and other brands.  I am so in love
2	I went to this salon in a pinch for a pedicure and gel manicure. They were clearly over their heads with how to juggle phones, walk-ins, appointments and those sitting in the pedi chairs for too long. My manicure consisted of two snips on each side of each nail, a quick file then an insanely long time of sitting under the lights to let my gels "dry". We'll see if this proves to make them stay on longer....however, in all of their juggling, I never did receive lotion on my hands and arms. I'm happy to report that the pedicure was better - my toes look great - though I could have been spared the tisk tisk and scoffing when Mindy worked on my calluses. I paid extra for the callus remover so I was clearly aware that it was needed but I don't need an opinion. I would probably go back there if in a pinch but no chance of me becoming a regular. Also, as someone else stated, prices are very high for the area.
3	After having come here a few times and having great experiences, I was incredibly disappointed a few months ago when I waited for legitimately an hour and fifteen minutes for a pedicure. I typically don't really care if I have to wait but I was pretty bummed that I was told twice it would only be 20 minutes, which is why I stuck around, only to have it be more than an hour wait. The worst part is that there were only three other customers in the entire salon. I had to leave because I could not wait for another hour and risk being late for a previous engagement. Unfortunately this was such a negative experience that I haven't returned since. Such a bummer bc all of the ladies that work here and Mindy, the owner, are so wonderful and kind. They just take too long for it to be worth coming unless you want to spend your entire afternoon here. :(
