4	Just like the Centennial locaion, this is an above average NW answer for a steakhouse. Having actually lived in Montana, the decor is pretty consistent of what you can expect there. The meats are good. Not Monatana fresh, but still definitely above average. Portions are nice size, service is quick and friendly and atmosphere is that of a Montana log restaurant, which is pleasant.Nice neighborhood 24 hour restaurant/bar.
4	Well, living down in the SW Las Vegas area doesn't leave much to do because it is so new and everything is still catching up to us. With that being said, Montana Meat Company is only 1/2mile from our house and we enjoy walking... yes I said walking to this establishment (walking to a place in the SW is almost unheard of right now).Most of the time we are there to hang out at the bar, but the dining are is very nice. A bit dark and a lot of leather. The decor is right out of a cattle ranch minus the manure smell. I like it!Along with the good food, is a good staff. We have gotten to know some of the workers and everyone is so nice! The bar area is cool. About 6 plasma TV's for sports and they serve one of my favorite brews... Anchor Steam! The food is really good. I have been here MANY times and I have only had to send one thing back ever... The Steaks are obviously their trade mark and the main attraction on the menu (http://www.montanameatco.com/menu.htm), and they are very good. The prices are not too bad either for a steak dinner. We have also had a lot of their "Bar Food" selections, and I have no complaints. Everything is Hot and Fresh, and just like Iyrne B. said, the portions are a nice size.I was going to give this a 3 Star review because the bar is a bit small and cramped, but I remembered it was also a STEELERS bar on game day... Can't go wrong there!Cheers.
4	This is it - the only place within a mile of my new home ( damn, i'm in the boonies ! ) - tried Montana twice - an early dinner after busting my ass moving the heavy furniture and on new years day, late lunch. Yeah, the place is a bar/grill with the gaming machines, but it's got a nice dining area. The lunch was decent - very reasonable price ( strange - the menu listed the sammies at prices ranging from $7 - 10, yet the bill was $5.95 - i assume a lunch special dealio but i didn't see anything posted ) - the highlights - the turkey wrap with some delicious, spicy red peppers, the meatloaf open sammie. service can be a little slow post-meal but no biggie. the dinner - we enjoyed the bacon wrapped scallops for an appetizer. Really loved the lamb chops. The sliders - ehhh - too much mustard on them, so i basically had mustard sliders. MAjor points for having $2 blue moon's - this is my new local pub !
4	Not too bad. A local neighborhood spot.  Went in there for a beer and a bite. Not really expecting much, ordered the "kobe" hamburger. Comes with bacon, mushrooms, cheese, &amp;etc. Oh yeah, fries too! Ordered it MR, Got it MW, oh well? Still ate it and it was not that bad. For under $12 bucks you can't complain.Menu looked good, I guess I'm going to have to try the steak next time. Service is what you'd expect. Nothing negative. Cheers!
4	This is a place I tried out of convinience.  I was very happy with my decision.The menu is pretty simple, although has unique dishes.  It has great relaxed athmosphere and great prices.I got the Kobe beef sliders, the sliders were perfectly cooked along with great crispy fries. We also had the honey mustard chicken with the bacon, chedar cheese and mushrooms. Which was moist and came with a great baked patato.The only negative thing I had was the waiter, but I think that can be avoided and doesn't have anything to do with the food.Hope you enjoy this place too.
5	I love the Kolbe burger here! Of course I always have a vodka and cranberry with that too! ;-)
2	Two and a half stars, a couple of things bothered me.The steak is sorta decent for the price, but it's no Delmonicos, na'mean? I mean, I think it would decent for the price. Read on.I got the 20 oz Montana Ribeye, the "cowboy cut" steak at this place. My waitress was gushing about how big it was, I told her to re-focus on the steak and stop staring at my lap. No, but seriously, she was gushing about how big it was, and I almost took her home. Ok, but seriously, she wanted it.No, but seriously... the steak was supposed to be huge? Maybe it started as 20oz, but it definitely shrank. Fine, whatever, it was still a decent size, but it wasn't as big as the T-bone my father got.I ordered my steak medium, it came out well done. I DO NOT like well done steak. I think if the steak came out cooked correctly, it might have been good. Since cooking a steak well done basically renders it flavorless, I was legitimately surprised when there were moments that I actually tasted delicious rib eye and not charcoal. There were some decent beers on tap, the service was good, the ambiance was better than I expected. This place is a block or so away from my house, so I figure I'll be back. I have to write a follow up review for it. So far, though, not impressed. I wasn't expecting a five star steakhouse, but if you're selling steaks, you should at least have a chef that can time it correctly.Oh, the raspberry chocolate cheesecake was incredible. That's why this is a 2-2.5 star rating and not a 1-2 star one :)
4	Been going there for about year and a half since i live down the road. The Kobe burgers are great and the beer selection is good. The setup is comfortable and not too crowed. The service is good except for one day but i think one waitress for the dining area was having a bad day. i don't eat streaks enough to comment on but the selection is good. i just like the fish, burgers and beer.
5	My husband and I checked out Montana's Christmas day since it was very close to where we live. We had passed by many times, but never paid much attention, until we looked at the reviews.We looked at the menu online and there were three things that caught my eye - scallops, lobster and of course steak. We had to go check it out! What a wonderful dining experience! We were immediately seated. The staff was friendly and attentive. The food we ordered was delicious. Everything was cooked the way we wanted. We even received a complimentary canoli which happens to be my favorite dessert!One of the best Christmas day dining experiences ever. Thanks Montana. We will definitely be coming back.
3	Service was good. Had the BBQ bacon burger. It was very good. Meat was very fresh and burger made from scratch. I would go back.
4	If you live in the Southwest (Mountains Edge) this should be a quick, easy and cheap breakfast for you on the weekend before you start your day. I mean really $4.95 for a full on breakfast?... i have had almost every breakfast offering they serve and i think the chicken fried steak "The Range" has to be my favorite to date. Service seems to be on point when i have rolled through and i have even tried the lunch specials $5.95 for all sandwiches, wraps, and salads... i went with a turkey wrap and was tasty with the thin crunchy fries. Hard to beat such a cheap meal literally a few blocks from my house. Check it out if you have passed it on your way to/ from work back to the house as its not a bad spot at all.
5	Ok, I may be a little biased, but I love Montanas. I've always sat at the bar and after a year of coming here, I still love it. I love the food and the bartenders. I do have a personal favorite....Jeremy and Scott! Definitely two of the best bartenders that I know. Whenever I go, I always order the calamari (melts in your mouth like butter), turkey wrap without onions (a lil zing with some goodness) or the reuben! I love Montanas and not just because my favorite bartenders know what to pour me when I come in, but because the atmosphere,food and my friends make it that much better.
4	I go here all the time as you just can't beat the 2 for 1 burger special. You don't need to splurge on the Kobe burger as the Classic Big Sky with cheese, bacon and mushrooms (with steak fries) is large, filling and always great. It's always the same, very friendly, wait staff and it doesn't hurt that it's so close to home if you live in or around Mountains Edge.
1	Very unhappy with my first and only experience here.  After hearing so much about this place, my girlfriend and I decided to try it out.  Things started bad after we were seated by the hostess, she appeared to be apologizing to the waiter for putting us in his area.  Then we watched and listened as he and one of his coworkers argued right next to us about who was responsible for what tables in the room.  I ordered the 20oz ribeye which was very bland.  My girlfriend had the filet mignon which had been cooked so hard it was dried out and charred to the point that we had to share my steak.  The entire experience was disappointing and I would not go back for a second chance.  The price was ok, but 66.00 dollars to share one steak.....I'll pass!
3	Had lunch with my Mom here last week.  It has been over a year since our last visit.  It is a restaurant/video poker bar.  The restaurant is on the left side of the building.  We were pleased to see that it was still kept well and clean.  Many video poker bars in Vegas go downhill rapidly.After taking our drink orders, the server told us the Lunch Special was Buy One Burger, Get One FREE.  We decided to go for the Special and ordered a BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger and a Montana Peppercorn Burger.After a short wait the server brought out our food.  I should have paid closer attention to the menu because the Montana Peppercorn Burger was served open-face with Gravy smothered all over the Burger & Fries.....not exactly what I wanted, but that was my bad.  Mom wasn't that hungry, so she was nice enough to trade with me....so I had the BBQ Bacon Burger.  The Burger was pretty good, not great....the Onion Rings that were served as toppings for the Burger were great.  The Steak Fries that came with the Burger were awesome.....they were cooked just right so that they weren't too soft or soggy.....which happens a lot with Steak Fries....they made it just right.Mom couldn't finish the Gravy smothered Burger, so I had a couple of bites....I didn't really care for it....I'm not a fan of Gravy unless it's with Turkey & Stuffing.  I could barely taste the Peppercorn Burger under that Gravy and Grilled Onions.Overall, it  was an ok lunch.  Will I return?  Yes, but not for the Gravy Burger.
5	Did I ever mention I love this place so much?????----- maybe NOT because I couldn't find my reviews here. However, Yes, I do. I do love MMC 100% for sure ( I mean their lunch special )!What I still remember is that they provide LUNCH SPECIAL for ALL burgers, salads, sandwiches and wraps $5.95 $5.95 $5.95.What I still remember is that I usually order:1. Filet mignon salads2. Turkey wrap3. Chicken caesar wrapAlso my co-workers always have:1. Walnut chicken salads2. French dip3. Burger --- sorry! I'm not a really real burger fan, so I couldn't remember their names, but you can ask for it :)One one one thing I need to mention: PLEASE DO NOT GO DURING 12:00-1:00PM because it's going to wait at least half hour for just order your food. Their service is kind of slow. Oops! Do I say their slow? Yes, they are..... but Filet mignon salads without onion is my best dish. I'm here just for it.... worth it! P.S.: you will meet many of G4s during lunch hour  :)
4	Went back after awhile.. Still very good burgers!!! WOW!! 2for1!! Service was sub-par, but not that bad. Keep the specials promos and we'll keep coming back!! Neat Little local joint. Worth a visit for sure!!
3	Great burger and the brownies melted in my mouth. Delish!!
1	Food bad, service worse. Don't bother
4	I've only been here twice and for burgers so this review is limited.Having said that, the burger special here is ridiculously cheap.  BOGO free!  For 10-11 bucks, you can have 2 huge burgers and endless fries.You can also get sandwiches and wraps in place of the burger.  They grind their meat fresh and it has that backyard burger taste.It's just a tad bit more than eating fast food but so much better in terms of quality.I looked at the grave yard specials and you can get lamb chops for 5 bucks...are you kidding me?They also have cheap breakfast specials and a steak/egg special I will try.If the food were healthy, I would replace Montana with cooking b/c it is so dirt cheap.They don't make money off me because I don't drink nor do I gamble but i hope others continue to b/c on the food side, this place isn't making much money.  I hope their burger special stays for good.
3	I've only been here for breakfast. It's cheap.... Really cheap. There are a fair amount of choices and the food is  decent. Sometimes the potatoes are slimey, sometimes they're delicious. Steak temps are a crapshoot, but for a $7.99 steak and eggs special, I'll take it. The coffee is not good. Flavored pancakes are not good, either.  Service is spotty at best, but for food this cheap it's ok. This is a perfect hangover spot.
4	My fiance and I were craving a steak and had Poynted a steak place on my smart phone.  This place came up 4-5 stars so we decided to try it out.  When we first walked in it took a good 5 minutes to get greeted...but as soon as our "soon to be busser" saw we were waiting, he came up to us...greeted us, and seated us right away.  We had automatically realized that the restaurant was short staffed...we work in the hospitality industry...so for that fact, we were very understanding. The appetizer, the blackened tuna, served rare, was delicious..and the price was shockingly reasonable for a 6 oz. piece of tuna.   After that we had a 10oz. filet, split, that was ordered med rare.  It had come out rare to our disappointment and we had asked to put it back on the grill for another minute or two to get it up to med rare....but we were also thinking that the rest of our meal would be cold by the time we called the server, sent it back, and have it come out again.  To our surprise, the server, AND the busser were completely nice, quick, and understanding.... they fixed the problem right away.  We got our steak back to perfect temperature, with new sides that we ordered fresh and hot.  Even the house red wine, was good..considering it was house wine.  I think it might have has something to do with the fact that they weren't cheap when ordering wine glasses because they were hand made and had no lip on the rim like a machine would do...I know.....  too analytical.   But it is what it is.  Overall, good quality steak, friendly service, with an amazingly reasonable price.  Would go there again with no questions asked.  mmmmmm....steak.
3	I've probably been here about 5 times already, if not more. I don't come here because of the service, I come here because their breakfast menu is cheap, the food is pretty good, and it's walking distance to my house.  Their breakfast hours are: Weekdays from Midnight - 11:00am andWeekends from Midnight - 1:00pmDuring those times just about everything on their breakfast menu, except for steak and eggs ($6.95), is $4.95. That's 15 different meals for $4.95 a pop. Pretty awesome if you ask me. Thus far, I've tried the Ranch Hand Breakfast (3 Eggs, 2 pancakes, Bacon, Ham or Sausage. Served with potatoes), Huevos Rancheros (Corn tortillas topped with 2 Eggs, ancho tomato sauce and cheese. Served with potatoes and refried beans), The Range (Chicken fried Steak, country gravy, 2 Eggs, potatoes, and toast), Western Omelet (3 Eggs, diced Ham, green peppers and onions. Served with potatoes and your choice of toast), and chocolate chip pancakes. Every meal has been very appetizing. You definitely get your money's worth  because the portions are pretty big, unless you order juice which is $2.50 for a glass the size of a tall shot. The reason why I'm docking off 2 stars is because every time I've come here, the service has been extremely slow and there hasn't been an excuse for it. Whenever I come, there's probably only 3 or 4 groups of people and that's on a good day. My cup of coffee just sits there empty until someone finally comes to fill it. I normally wait at least 25-30 minutes before getting my food, which is just ridiculous considering how empty this place is. The last time I came with my boyfriend, we waited 35 minutes and when we told the waitress, she came back and told us that the machine messed up so the cook never got the order in the back. Not only is the service slow, but the people are also kind of shady. There have been a few times where we've paid in cash and never got our change. We had to go up and ask the waiter for our change and his response was, "oh, you wanted your change?" WTF dude, of course I want my change!  I've also asked for banana and chocolate chip pancakes 2 of the times that I've gone and they didn't have bananas or chocolate chips. Freakin run across the street to Walgreens man, I really wanted my pancakes!If it wasn't for the slow and shady service, this place would definitely have 5 stars. If they happen to improve the next few times I come, I'll be sure to update my review.
1	Will be forever known in my book as Montana sh*thouse.Upon entry my boyfriend and I stood uncomfortably for a few minutes waiting to be seated. Expecting a hostess to appear, we were then told rudely by the bartender who was free to tell us this the second we entered, but chose to let us stand there for 2 minutes, that we could seat ourselves.We then waited around 15 minutes to place our order. I had the BBQ burger, my advice is go to carls and get the western bacon.My bf chose the peppercorn burger- big mistake! It came with a patty covered in what looked like mushroom soup, with the fries receiving the same treatment, no onion ring straws, or cheese which was on the menu. He had one bite before deciding it was unedible. We wouldve loved to replace the burger with another item except our waitress/ bartender didn't return to the table till I had all ready finished my meal.Food was ok/unedible.Atmosphere was stale/smokey.Service was non existent.Server said just enough words to get our order, was rude, and treated us as if our presence annoyed her. When someones entire dinner is untouched save for one bite, common sense says maybe something was wrong. Server said nothing and whisked the full plate away.I've had horrible service in the past, and have never stiffed anyone. But as the saying goes, there's a first time for everything, and Montana meat co was my first.And as for their endless fries, maybe if you went in the kitchen and cooked them yourself, we were never asked.Rating is zero stars, but I had to choose at least one to save this review.
2	I've eaten here a few times since it's close to the office and they have a $5.95 burger special.  Today, it was not so great.  I ordered the BBQ bacon burger, which includes two onion rings on top of the burger.  I wanted to eat the rings separately so I took them off the burger, and it's a good thing I did.  One of the onion rings was cold, very cold.  The other onion ring was crispy and warm.  The burger itself, which I am happy to report was cooked medium as requested was good.  However, to get one super chilled onion ring on my burger is unacceptable and borderline bizarre.
4	If you are looking for a low key spot in South West Las Vegas to dine, game, enjoy a cocktail, or watch your favorite team, Montana Meat is a great place to do all.I may be partial because it is only a mile from my house, but I never have a bad experience there. No matter what time of the day I go, the food is always amazing, and very reasonably priced. For $6.99 you can enjoy a hearty size Steak and Egg breakfast, without having to drive to a casino on the strip. My personal favorite is the Cajun Filet Mignon! Anyone who has been there and tried it will more than likely agree!Normally I sit in the bar area. The bar staff is amazing. I like that when i go in I am greeted by name and my drink is poured without me even having to ask.  That kind of service keeps me coming back. The fact that is known as a local Steeler Bar adds another star to its rating for me, however, I think it is time to upgrade the TV's around the bar. I think a couple big flat screens would draw a bigger crowd on game days.All in all its definately a place to check out if you live on that side of town!
1	I've been to Montana Meat Company a couple years ago and the food was good, so I decided to try their breakfast.  Advertised prices looked appealing.Walked in around 10:00 AM and wanted to sit at the bar and have some breakfast.  Two patrons at the bar and no bartender.  Five minutes later, still no bar tender.  I looked around and there was no one anywhere else except for two other guys across the bar.  There was only a loud hacking cough coming from the dining room area.  Non stop disgusting cough.The place smelled like smoke.  Not just your normal Vegas bar smoke smell, it smelled like they were using a few hundred pound of Marlboros to cure a frigging ham.  Pretty thick vomit smell too.Seven minutes in, still no bartender or host, or waitress or anyone.I left.
1	Let's start with the service. We were seated, given a menu then asked if we were ready to order. Um, no. We never heard about the specials, I had to get up from the table and look myself. After we ordered everything came out lightning fast. App, salad and entree so quick I thought they wanted us gone. The appetizer was spinach/artichoke dip. Mayonnaise with some spinach and artichoke put in then heated. Horrible! The salad was just a salad. Nothing to write about. I had the macadamia crusted  halibut. It was nothing special. My husband ordered a steak medium rare, it came out almost raw. Our son had sliders. They were so dry I'm guessing they were cooked earlier and then reheated. The overall experience was completely disappointing. If it was reasonably priced I might not have even bothered to post a review and just never went back. But for $68 dollars, even for 3 people, I expect a little more. We will never go back.
4	Great service, steak was a little tough and stringy but the taste was great. Great little neighborhood restaurant and bar.
4	This was the first time I've come here for lunch. I always just go for their breakfast specials because they're so darn cheap. I've driven by the 2 for 1 burgers and fries sign many times, but never had the urge to go. Don was on a 2 hour break from work and asked me if I wanted to grab a bite to eat. I didn't feel like driving out very far and I remembered that Montana Meat Co is just down the street and they have a burger special, so I suggested it for lunch. My brother and I met up with Don. We actually called him while we were leaving our house to tell him to get a table and order for us because whenever we go there (for breakfast) the service is slower than a herd of snails traveling through peanut butter. Don didn't end up ordering for us because he just got seated when we got there.The waitress brought us our water right away. When she came back to take our orders I asked if they still had the 2 for 1 burger special and she said yes. I thought it would just include their most basic burger, but you could actually choose from all of their burgers and you can get two different selections for the price of one. Pretty good deal considering all the burgers average $10, so you're getting two burgers w/ fries for only 5 bucks each!Don ordered the Peppercorn Burger - Pan seared with cracked pepper. Topped with crispy fried potatoes and sauteed mushrooms. Served with steak fries smothered in creamy peppercorn gravy.My brother ordered the Rocky Mtn. Bacon Burger - Topped with Pepper Jack cheese, Bacon, onion rings and bbq sauce.I just ordered a small cup of soup because I ate earlier, not expecting to go out for lunch. It was the soup of the day and lucky for me it was tomato and basil bisque, which is my favorite!The burgers and fries were pretty damn big. I expected them to be child sized because of the low price, but they weren't at all. The Peppercorn had WHOLE mini mushrooms in it and looked delicious, but all the gravy canceled the taste out. Don ended up eating the burger with a knife and fork because all the gravy started making it soggy. I didn't try the Rocky Mtn, but my brother practically licked the plate clean, so I'm assuming it was good. The soup was ammmazing!! I'm so pissed that I just ordered a tiny little cup! I probably could have ordered two more bowls, but that would've been a fatass move on my part. All in all, I was very surprised at the good service. The waitress kept coming by to fill our glasses and make sure we were doing okay, the food came out quick, the plates were taken away once we were done, and we weren't stiffed on our change. Maybe they really changed their act, or maybe it's just the hour that we went. Either way, this was a good experience.
5	My family lives 5 minutes from Montana Meat Company and I'm so happy it is that convenient.  My daughter is in love with their breakfast and my my husband is in love with their burgers.  Living out in the southwest without many options, glad this is one of them!
5	This place is great!!  The prices are reasonable and the food is very good.
4	I've only been here for their graveyard special. They have a pretty decent selection of late night specials, and all so cheap. All of their breakfast items, excluding their steak & eggs are only $4.95, and the steak & eggs priced at $6.95. Also, they are having a special right now with 2 for 1 burgers. I've driven by the place plenty of times, always intrigued by their cheap promotions. It wasn't until a month or so ago that I finally went in. Mainly because it's the closest 24 hour dining establishment to where I spend most of my nights. Overall, it seems like a pretty decent place to chill and have a drink with your friends. The breakfast food was good for the prices, but don't know if I would necessarily eat any of their other items. Service was kind of bad. But when my friends and I went, there was only one person working in the front of the house and he was busy with the people sitting at the bar. Also, the food took awhile to come out. It wasn't anything too bad, maybe I just have to go when there are more people working.
5	I love steak..especially when you tell a server "I don't really want you to cook it..just season it, maybe warm up a little?" and they DO!Every soup I've tried (clam chowder and tomato garlic) has been delicious...every steak served has been seasoned and cooked to my liking.  Calimari we had the other night was tasty and the dipping sauces that accompanied were even tastier.  I love this place- especially the fact that I can go and always find a table.  Don't dress up because its simply not required but- go hungry bc you won't leave that way.
1	Garbage at it's finest!  Nothing like ordering a steak that is overdone, tastes like beef jerky, and hide the fact that meat is bad through over-seasoning it.  The spinach dip was bad, the lobster bisque was watery and not hot.  They ask if you want soup or salad as if it were included in the meal.  What a scam!  Better off staying home!  They can keep their cold food!!!!
2	I was intrigued by the 2 for 1 Burger and Fries special and after reading a few Yelp reviews that the burgers were really good, I decided to try it out with my family.  Good and Bad.  The Good - The burger was one of the best I have ever had.  Amazing flavor.  Seasoning was spot on.  The bun was terrific.  Just a flat out awesome burger experience. The Bad - The fries were cold.  Not just my regular ones, but my wifes sweet potato fries as well.  I wish I could say this was the biggest issues but it wasn't.  The service at this establishment was absolutely horrific.  Not in a rude sense but slow like watching the grass grown for hours.  The server had zero personality.  It took a while to get him to come over.  We asked a question about the burger special which must have been what put him in a crappy mood.  "Oh, great, more 2 for 1 people with no money."  Now, I was formerly in the hospitality business for over 18 years and am a serious over tipper.  I do because I served and tended bar for years and know that you live off of gratuity.  The food comes and luckily we did need anything during the meal because we never saw the server again.  We had to aggressively plead the busser to get us a Coke refill.  It took nearly 15 minutes to get the check.  I swear I almost walked out.  I probably should have.  Needless to say I did not leave a very good tip since it certainly wasnt deserved.  I should not have left any gratuity but I just cant bring myself to do that.  I know, that is just plain stupid.  I doubt that the management group of the Montana Meat Company is keeping an eye on Yelp to make sure that they are getting reviewed well so I doubt this situation will change much.  If they were reading consistantly, I doubt I would have had the experience I did.  So even though this burger was killer,,,, it is still not in the same league as BJ's bar and grill off of Valley View near the 215.
4	Only a review for the breakfasts.  Been here twice now and very pleased.  Great value and good food.  Simple and limited selection, but good.
1	Horrible service!!! Nobody go here! Me and a few friends went there the other night just for a few drinks. There was only ONE waitress which was also the bartender. All she did was id us, offered no menus, or take our orders 15 mins passed and we decided to leave. I'm still in awe.
3	Brought the GF here for dinner one night and thought we could get lucky and find a new steakhouse. Started off with the Bacon wrapped Scallops. I have never had a Bacon wrapped Scallop that has impressed me, and that hasn't changed. These Scallops were overcooked and sitting in liquid.  The Mango Salsa was unappetizing.The Lobster Bisque was very good. I like that it was en Croute with a dollop of Creme Fraiche. That one was a winner.The Steak was pretty good as it should be seeing as they are a Steak house. Done to the right temperature, flavorful, and topped with a nice herb butter.
2	Don't be confused by the bar portion of this place; there is a restaurant on one side that serves food 24/7. This particular restaurant has its appeal, but falls short on the one thing it should be known for--the steaks. I'm a harsh critic of steak places because I expect my meat to be cooked but it burned and tasting of blackened crust. Unfortunately, my steak tasted more like smoke and burn than anything. I ordered the ribeye and it was okay, but it wasn't seasoned. If it was, the burn taste overpowered it. The other thing that threw me off was the crust that forms on mash when it sits for a few minutes at the window. That turned me off. I admit there is one thing that was okay, that being a lobster bisque. So, if you want to go for soup, head there. Otherwise, go somewhere else for a cut of meat. I'll update this review in 6 months. I hope it improves with time.
4	Too lazy to cook your own steak? I know I am...so I come here. I've got to say, for a dime a dozen bar/restaurant this place has some quality food and lots of it. Judging by the reviews, it looks like Montana Meat Company gets a lot of its business by being close to home for many. Same here. Just up the street so it's closer than Outback, and cheaper too. I've had some great steaks here and fortunately they've always been cooked to perfection. Each entree comes with 2 sides so you won't leave hungry. I ordered filet medallions and DAMN they were delicious. Desserts are amazing as well...I suggest the cookie ice cream sandwich. The dining area is nice where you don't feel like you happen to be eating steak among a cigarette convention. But if you like that route, the bar area is cozy too with lots of TV's. This is a Steelers bar FYI so don't be parading in there with your Ravens helmet!
1	I've been a frequent visitor th this supposed "steak house" for a while (at least twice a month)..never had any complaints until the last 2 times I've visited. 1st visit was warm, the bartender Grace was very enjoyable to be around. I ordered the filet mignon med rare. My steak came out burnt to a crisp. Grace immediatly apologized, sent it back and returned a few minutes later with a great tasting steak. A week later, I returned to dine, and Grace was the bartender again..she remembered me from the week before, and knew exactly what I wanted off the menu without having to tell her. A med rare steak takes 8 minutes to cook..I received my dinner 45 minutes later. When I asked Grace what was going on back there, she just rolled her eyes and shook her head. Immedeitly I knew what she meant; Management had hired people who don't know how to cook, or speak english. Finally my dinner arrived. Grace had specifically put on the ticket that I wanted butter, sour cream, and cheese on the side. The food runner who arrived el no comprehend. She had to go back herself to get it. So tonight 11/17/11, I went for dinner, as I was craving a steak. Football was on, maybe 10 people sitting at the bar, low key atmosphere. Here is the word by word conversation between me and the bartender; Him: Yes? Me: uhh bud light and a menu please.. (few minutes pass) Him: Yes? Me: Ribeye, medium, mashed potatoes with sour cream, butter, and cheese on the side. Him: (no words). 10 minutes later my food arrived..no butter, no sour cream, no cheese. The bartender had failed to mention that on my order. I eat my steak, not bad, had better. Ready to pay and be on my way. Bartender is no where to be found. Oh wait! He sees me with my credit card in my hand waiting to pay. He looks away to finish his cigarette. 5 minutes later he takes my card without saying a word, and returns with my check without saying a word (he's really enthrolled by the Jets/Broncos game). If you like overpriced steak with bad attiude wait staff, this is the place to be.
2	I have a love-hate relationship with Montana Meat Company. Lunch seems to be the best way to go because service is very slow during the morning and it seems like they made their steak and egg special smaller. I met my parents here in the morning and I ordered it. When it came to our table, my dad said (in his accent), "Why is your steak so leetle? Look how small it is!" and he started laughing. It really did look very small and it was also kind of dry. Here's a pic of it next to my car key: http://s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/DTBGYRXl28VbAiQECnyiHw/l.jpg. I always enjoy their potatos and eggs though; Can't go wrong with those. I was just pretty disappointed this time around because of the slow service and tiny piece of meat on my plate.
4	I took my sister here for dinner on New Years Day.  The staff was very friendly and atmosphere was better than most Las Vegas neighborhood restaurants.  Sis ordered the 7 oz Filet Mignon and baked potato.  She reported that it was one of the best filets she had ever ordered.......very tender and more than she could eat.I ordered the Macadamia Crusted Chicken Breast after learning they were out of the Halibut.  It was tasty and just okay.  I hope they have the Halibut on my return visit.  I also had a glass of their house Cabernet Sauvignon......VERY GOOD!!I know we'll put the Montana Meat Company on our list of favorite local restaurants.
3	Went here for lunch and had a pretty so-so meal. The french dip was ok but not great; really only lukewarm and the cheese hadn't fully melted. My daughter had the kids' grilled cheese sandwich, which was the same way. The fries were good, but also only lukewarm. We ordered nachos for an appetizer ... but after about 15 minutes of sitting there, it became apparent that they were just going to bring them out at the same time as everything else, so after confirming that with the waitress, we just ended up canceling the nachos. Other people at our office tell me this apparently happens all the time.Overall, based on my experience and what other people have said in the comments, this place is all right, but they seem to have serious time-management issues and don't know how long to cook the food. A small plus for having Steelers stuff all over the bar area. I'd probably come back, but not expecting the world.
2	The first time I went to this place, the person I was with ordered the Chicken Fettucine Alfredo and I pushed my burger to the side (even though it was pretty good) and shared her huge plate of food.  Since, I'm not usually a huge fan of alfredo sauce, this was a big deal to me.The second time I went back, my friend and I were seated and given our drink orders and then left to wait while the only waitress in the place seated two other families and took their entire food and drink orders.  We ended up walking out with nobody noticing.I had decided not to ever go back, but that Fettucine is enough to induce a craving, so instead I called in an order for my roommate and myself and brought our food home to eat.  We both got food poisoning.  I won't be back.
1	I got food poisoning from eating raw chicken. It was dark in the bar and I thought it looked a little pink but figured it was the lighting. I got extremely ill that night and all the next day. When I cut open my leftover chicken it was completely raw and pink in the middle. That was definitely the worst part of my dining experience, but it wasn't the only part. Went with a group of 4 on a Sunday afternoon. We ordered 2 burgers, a turkey burger, and I ordered off the healthy menu the chicken breasts with brown rice. The 3 burgers came out without my chicken. One burger was fine, one we had asked for no cheese but it was on it, and another came without the barbecue sauce and with a package of apple slices (which was almost a month expired) instead of baked chips. We brought this to our waitresses attention, she apologized and felt the need to bring out the ticket to show us she put it in right, that it was the kitchens fault (probably because she didn't want her tip to be affected). The burger with the cheese on it came back, with nothing on it! They took off all the condiments and the bacon. Still no barbecue sauce, baked chips, or my chicken. We sent it back, and it was brought back again however we noticed that they had just scraped the cheese off the original burger and gave it back. At this point the burger had been messed up 3 times and we still didn't have barbecue sauce, baked chips, or my chicken. We went to get the manager to explain what was going on, and the two burger were re done correctly, however I still had no chicken. After complaining again the promptly brought it out, raw! I guess that is what you get for complaining about how long food was taking, but it had been an hour which should have been plenty of time to cook chicken. The food actually tasted decent which is why it is disappointing we will never go back. It isn't worth the risk of food poisoning and the spotty and inconsistent service. Though it was not our servers fault that the kitchen kept screwing up, she did start avoiding us when things went south to the point where we didn't have beverages either. I have tried calling management twice, with no one available.
1	I tried calling 3 times before getting a hold of Scott, the manager who was on duty that day. When I told him I got food poisoning from the chicken he acted like it was my fault for not noticing it was under cooked and eating it. He also told me I should have called sooner. When I told him I had tried calling multiple times he said it was impossible as he had been there and available every day. He was extremely rude and wouldn't even apologize. He said he would make sure the kitchen cooks the chicken thoroughly next time. I won't hold my breath.
5	low prices, very good food. My mom ordered the steak and eggs and the steak was excellent!
3	To start off with I really like the owners of these places. They ran the Tillerman many years ago and left to get started with one of the oldies but goodies "shucks tavern". It always had great food a drinks. Fast fwd to today. My wife and kids went in to try this place again because it's right neat our house. It was busy and in fact one of the owners was busing tables to keep up. The $34 special was terrific and plenty of food for two I might add although service was still lacking. We sat for 10 min waiting to order after we got our initial drinks. Too long. I was very unhappy about the amount of smoke smell in the restaurant area too. Wow that needs to change. I gave it 3 stars because the value of their food. The place smells bad and the service the last 3 times was mediocre at best but hey I will get over it for the convenience and quality of food.
5	Love the Steak, and when we had a problem with the food (first time in 12 visits) it was taken care of without question. Will be back soon!
1	I frequent Montana Meat and Iv'e noticed a steady decline in food quality during lunchtime especially. Today was the first time I had been there in a month since the last time  I got ridiculous food poisoning from an undercooked hamburger. this time i ordered it medium instead. It tasted slimy and smelt like fish as if the beef was being cooked on the same grill as the seafood. I had a mountain dew to drink which was flat. I used to go exclusively for breakfast but there is a certain waitress who seems to have trouble getting orders correct and makes excuses when stuff comes out wrong. I used to ask for the waiter who looked like the incredible hulk only not green, he was the best server they had and i was told he was let go.
4	Had a steak dinner. The steak was delicious, juicy with every bite the way it should be. Decided to get dessert too. That crispy bannana ice cream thing was a great way to cap of that meal. Great meal for a reasonable price.
1	We've been going to Montana for years and the food service has got really bad lately. The last few times we went we waited forever. Our server actually brought us our check before our food had arrived. We hardly saw her at all throughout the meal. Our food was wrong and the fries were lukewarm, but we were starving and could not wait any longer. How hard is it to make a few burgers? Other tables were getting their food screwed up too! This place has a serious problem with food sitting in the kitchen. What are the runners doing? It seems like they don't really care, I guess they have got complacent, but there are other good options around so I won't bother going back to Montana.
3	I had the ribye sandwich and it tasted really good. the problem with it was open face! the mushrooms were very salty. I did a pick up order at 1-2 am and i must say for a call in order in the AM service was perfect and promte. The food specials are amazing !
1	The Graveyard Bartender is a complete ASSHOLE!!!! His Customer Service sucks and it really feels like he doesn't want anyone there on his shift. Maybe he just likes downtime!!!!!!! I'll never go back here again!!!!!! On a brighter note. The breakfast specials are phenomenal
1	If there was an option to give this place negative stars, I would.  First of all, you walk in and even in the dining area wreaks of smoke.  So you push that aside thinking your steak will be good enough to bare the smell.  Nope, ordered a medium rare, still tough as nails.  I ordered ONE drink, the same exact drink I ordered at Tex Mex down the street, a smaller portion for literally double the price.  Tex Mex $5.00, this place $10.00 for a vodka and seven up in a smaller glass.  Then, I asked for a side of ranch, charged me for it.  This place is ridiculous.  What are you? Gorden Ramsy Steakhouse?  Get out of here, your food sucks so don't charge me extra for ranch to try and get the leather tasteless steak out of my mouth.
4	Our favorite local steakhouse. Went on Friday night to celebrate my husbands birthday. Adam the manager took great care of us and the food was great.
4	The service is friendly, prompt, and welcoming. I have been here more than a few times and it is the same result...food is consistently prepared. My wife and I love the ambiance and the price is even better...their two steak special is another plus to try them out. If you live in mountains edge, nevada trails, rhodes ranch and you haven't been here, its a must!
4	Great deals and prices.  Good food.  Open 24hrs.  Friendly service.
4	They have a great $5 breakfast special.  My first time eating, was when I booked a reservation for my 16 year old nephew's b-day.  We had a family of almost 20.  They were very accommodating.  We ordered from the kids menu, steak, seafood, etc.  Everything was great.  My main reason for choosing Montana Meat was that it was close to my home.  We try to go as often as we can, now.
5	My husband and I have lived in Mountain's Edge for 3 years and I don't know what we have done without the Montana Meat Company. For those nights where you don't feel like cooking or want an incredible meal - this is the place. Burgers, steaks, breakfast - really haven't had a bad meal here. Sometimes the service can be slow due to lack of staff or lots of people having the same idea as us. I love that they have introduced a healthy menu, I highly recommend the chicken quesadilla and the salmon.Highly recommended:All the salads!Rocky Mountain Bacon Burger2 for 1 Burgers and fries$4.95 breakfast!Breakfast Burrito
5	Whenever I am in Las Vegas with family and friends, we have a "Eat Breakfast at Montana Steak House" tradition.  For the low price of the breakfast (under 5 bucks for most items), you get a mound of delicious food.  The Bananas Foster pancakes are the BOMB!!! Most of the menu items are also delicious.  The service was excellent, I would definitely recommend this place for anyone who eats breakfast...
2	I used to come here all the time, and it was awesome. Then they changed bartenders... Here's what happened.Came in with a few friends around 3AM on a Friday night. We were all a little tipsy but wanted to stay close to home so we made this our choice of bar. The bartender took about 15 minutes to come over, my friend actually had to shout out "excuse me" to get his attention. Normally i would make an excuse for a bartender not noticing someone sit at the bar, but he had to literally buzz us in since it was after midnight. When we ordered our drinks he then went over to the group he was chatting up prior to us "interrupting" him. 15 minutes later he brings us over our beers. No reason this should have taken so long. But we were gaming so my other two friends didn't really notice.It then took us several attempts at getting another round. when we finally succeeded we decided we would go somewhere else. We had gamed a total of 280$ between the 3 of us and each had 2 drinks. We asked for our bill and when we received it we noticed not a single drink was comped. I'm not one for complaining when i don't received something comped but that is ridiculous. We paid our bill and still left a 10$ tip. My friend also asked the bartender for a pack of cigarettes but we noticed it wasn't on the bill so we figured he just didn't charge her. When we were leaving we walked out the door and out comes the shouting bartender. "Excuse me!!! You guys didn't pay for those cigarettes." My friends laughed, threw him a 20$ and we left.The only reason I'm giving 2 stars instead of one is because I hope to return to this bar and see another bartender. But until then... this will be my review.
5	Love the Steak, and when we had a problem with the food (first time in 12 visits) it was taken care of without question. Will be back soon!  I'm placing this review onto my best seafood list as they have some of the best Shrimp add on options I';ve ever seen. They are huge Jumbo Shrimp; deveined and butter flyed open and I'm not sure what they season them with but I could make an entire meal out of just the shrimp alone. The tables are a little small for all the plates they bring out for your meals but if you are even the slightest bit hungry you will have no problem emptying the current plate before the next one comes out.
1	5 years ago when I lived in this area I love the Montana Meat Company.  Sadly, that has changed.  I have dined there twice within the last month and it seems everything has gone south.  Food quality, food portions, service, speed, friendliness... all have grossly deteriorated.  Montana Meat Company is now on my personal list of "never again's", which is not an easy task to accomplish.  If you are in the area and looking for a decent steak there are few options, other than Giuseppe's on the weekends or the Summerlin venues which are a bit further of a drive.
3	food was decent, service was acceptable. not bad, not great
5	Great food. Great service. Great Bartenders. A must when family or friends are in town. Thanks it's nice to have a local place to go that you are always treated like a winner.
2	I recently moved to this area, and this was my first experience.  I came in and sat at the bar to pick up my order, and wasn't greeted within 10 minutes.  Although the bar was fairly busy, the bartender wasn't courteous at all, and didn't even say a word when I paid my check.  Food came out quickly.  The T-bone steak was fair and needed more seasoning.  I'm not sure when the last time the chef or any of the staff tasted their French Onion soup, but it was gross . . . way too much salt . . . and that's coming from a salt fan.  I'd be willing to give this place another chance, as the restaurant area looked cozy, and their menu items seem appealing, but my first experience was very sub-par, and the service was lousy.
4	Great food and service!
1	I agree with the review written by martinez b. Grace is the worst bartender ever!!! She is lazy and treats all her customers with disrespect. I stopped going to the bar just because of her attitude. Someone let me know when she finally gets fired so I can start going there again.
4	Late nite burger and ice cold beer!  This a nice place for breakfast, lunch, dinner or a late night snack as that is when i am typically here. Good service, cold beer and gaming!
4	Montana Meat Co. is greaaat bar food!I came by for some late night eats with friends and the place did not disappoint. They actually have a pretty big menu and really pride themselves on their cuts of meats. I guess the place could fall under the steakhouse category because it has a large selection of cuts but we stuck to the breakfast/late night menu.The breakfast menu is big and cheap! So many skillet/combination plates that you can pretty much find whatever you want. The prices are pretty good - $6 - $8 for everything on their late night menu. They had pretty good specials on drinks when we went - $3 for all draft beer and $4 well drinks - can't really hate on that.
3	Me and my husband went to the Montana Meat Co. and had a nice dinner. Our waitress  and the hostess were super nice and very attentive. After finishing our dinner we decided to go to the bar for some drinks and gambling.  This is when we started to wonder if we were invisible. The place wasn't busy yet the bartender completely ignored us. We didn't even get a "be right with you". He walked past us numerous times and finally asked us if we wanted a drink as we were getting up to leave.  My husband cashed out and we went elsewhere to play.  Won't be back.
1	Not impressed by any means. Had a friend in town from LA and I just moved to the neighborhood so I thought we would give it a shot. Our waitress was a complete ditz. We waited 10 minutes just to have our drink orders taken. By the way, there was maybe 3 other tables seated...not busy at all. We order our drinks, I ask for coffee and she says "oh I don't have any fresh" and so I replied with, "can you make some?" And she says " oh ok, but it may take a while".  How dare I ask for coffee!!! Little did I know she would be referring to the entire night. My friend orders a rock star and vodka and when she finally brings it, it's just the rock star and says "oh I thought you were kidding". At this point I knew we should have left but he was exhausted after the drive in, so 30 min in, we get to put our order. He orders the rib eye and I order steak medallions. About 50 min later, I, in that time had to stop two other waitresses for refills on drinks and also asked if our order was put in. She sends over my waitress and she says "I'm so sorry we had a large group come in AFTER you so our kitchen is backed up" I can't believe this. Finally an hour and 40 min after arriving there, our food comes out. His is great, mine? Cold. Cold steak, the "grilled" onions were raw and cold, and the mashed potatoes were cold with luke warm gravy. It takes me another 10 min to flag down a different waitress, by this time, my friend is done with his meal, I ask to speak to the waitress and I tell her how terrible the night has been. She apologized and asked if I wanted soup instead!! Then proceeds to hand us a bill for $70 for a food plate that I didn't touch! First and last time. I now tell everyone about that situation and I would never step a foot back in there. The food would have been better at Sizzlers! And for the service? How embarrassing for you. Disgusted.
3	Stable crew, good food with good value, great neighborhood casino.Here's what you get at this Montana Meat Co.: Steak & Eggs , burgers, salads, and appetizers and even a surf and turf special menu all moderately priced. Quality is really good. Bloody Mary menu is pretty strong though that's where the profit margin is ($8 each). The people that work here are stable and have been here for quite some time. It's nice to see the same group of people working here.The atmosphere is hipster/modern with exposed eye-beams and subdued colors in the dining area. Good selection of tuneage. While this is probably the closest neighborhood casino and 24-hour place that serves breakfast closest to Rhodes Ranch and Mountain's Edge, it attracts large groups of families with small children with the chaos and distractions that follow.All in all, this Montana Meat Co. deserves a good review for good value and selection of food and a stable group of staff that try hard and care.Here's what you don't get: if you think this place is the Bellagio, Wynn, or Caesars Palace... you've come to far off The Strip. If you are pressed for time, McDonalds is right down Blue Diamond. If you think you are the only person in the world and deserve the very best in attention and pampering, Beverly Hills awaits you and baybee this ain't Beverly Hills. If you want an $80 meal with a Groupon 2-for-1 and tip on the discounted total, you might be happier going somewhere else.As for the rest of us that appreciate this place for what it is and is not, we'll enjoy the Devo and Donna Summer and Steak & Eggs and neighborhood gambling.
4	I am a horrible cook...so this place is a life-saver when my fiancee doesn't feel like cooking. It is reasonably priced, the service is overall good (although a few times it took a while to receive my meal...but it was very busy, so it was understandable)...I don't eat meat at all, including seafood (so it's ironic that I would like this place!), but I am always able to find something that I can eat on the breakfast menu. The servers are usually accommodating.
2	Wife and I came in for an early dinner. Server had limited knowledge of the menu and had to ask chef on at least 2 dishes. Wife had BBQ pork and I had rib eye. BBQ pork and fries felt like they were microwaved. Rib eye was good but could have used simple salt and pepper for seasoning. Mashed potatoes were god awful and smelled like seafood, we didn't eat them. Overall I thought Rounders was 10x better and right down the street.
3	I like this place til I got a piece of metal in my food... I haven't been in over 2 yrs but craving it a little... I loved the lunch specials!!
4	Great food! Great price! Large portions! The service is a little slow at times (fill up coffee etc)However the food is great. You get so much. The breakfast with a large menu for 5.95 even! The breakfast burrito I have had twice this week. The first time was a little too cheesy and greasy for me. However yesterday it was awesome when I asked for less cheese. Their pico di gallo goes great with it! The fruit bowl is large. Lots of melon and pineapple strawberries. Delicious and fresh! The blueberry pancakes are large. 3 massive ones. Topped with the blueberry syrup it's even better. The French toast is again another huge portion. Yum! The omelet was slightly disappointing size wine. Three eggs but seemed a little small (maybe could use more fillers). But still tasty nonetheless. Coffee is just okay. I like good brews like Illy or Starbucks or something stronger. Theirs is definitely cheap. But it works. They even offer flavored creamers. Nice touch if you desire. The potatoes are delicious!  For breakfast my complaint would be the smoke :( or that you must eat in the lounge side early morning. I would prefer a booth. It's a bit dark in their too. However lunch... Let me tell you. The angus burger with cheese and mushrooms. Lettuce tomato pickle and red onion on a nice bun. Best burger!  The steak fries are also tasty. I would go back for the burger and look forward to trying other dishes. Either way not a bad spot. Definitely better breakfast than a run of the mill cracked egg or Denny's or ihop. Great choices for everyone. There isn't that much parking out front but it's never been a problem. Handicap accessible. Clean. All the workers seem happy and friendly. A must try!!They even have wifi :)
5	Fun, friendly atmosphere with delicious food! Go have breakfast for $5.95, or try their $6.95 lunch specials including salads, sandwiches and wraps from 11am to 2pm!
4	24 hour place and going during normal business hours is silly. Menu is okay and place is much cheaper than standard Las Vegas menus, but you can get much better quality pretty much anywhere else in town. Now, they have a late-night special from I believe 11 pm - 6am where a lot of good items are $5. They have a good hamburger, chicken fingers , and a few breakfast items. This is a tremendous value and well worth it.There's always a few people at the bar at any hour. Not hungry, feel free to have a drink. They also have slot machines and if you gamble they give you a couple free drinks if they see you play, so that's always fun as well.
5	Went here again yesterday for lunch. Ordered the Rocky Mountain burger - a fresh bun puled high with perfectly grilled beef as I ordered it, bbq sauce, bacon, cheese, onion rings and a side of their steak fries. It was delicious! The person I was with had the Regular burger Kobe style same as I have reviewed before. Once again a hit! Fresh lettuce tomato red onion mushrooms bacon cheese with a nice perfect patty and bun. The same fries. The real kicker was - we had only ordered one drink at the time (I only wanted water) and the waitress notified us that if we have one more drink the burgers are BUY ONE GET ONE FREE! So of course I ordered a coffee and we were set! We both ate for around 20 dollars including tip! Saved over 10 dollars! Either way the burgers are worth the price. All their food I have had is. I will continue to go back :) but this burger deal makes it another hit in my books... Totally worth it! After all - who doesn't love great food and good deals? :-) try it! You won't be disappointed.
1	Walked in to get food and drinks with parents and friends there was 6 of us we turned the tables like we always do when we dine there . The bartender immediately stopped us and said we had to sit In the dinning room. I asked if we would have service and he said yes. He ignored us for 10 minutes . I walked up to him in the bar to see if we could have service and he yelled " hey sweetheart " I have a full bar you can leave. Then he demanding us to leave. My father who is in his late 60's is a classy man and was disgusted with the way he treated women. Needless to say we have been coming for years and will never be back !!! What a joke. GM or owners fire your graveyard male bartender.
4	Delicious burgers n chix wings however the lighting at nyttym is kinda dim. They need to brighten that up a little.
5	This place is a hidden gem. Stopped there on a late Sunday afternoon. Food is delicious. We each ordered a sandwich (turkey, roast beef). We all kept trying each others' food because we liked it so much. Steak fries are great. $3.00 well drink specials during football games. Bonus!!Customer service was great! We will definitely be back!!
5	Lazerec is amazing !! Had no problem pulling items from the breakfast menu that I wanted for dinner !! Best chef you could ask for !!
4	Great place for a casual lunch! They have lunch specials for as low as $6.95! Lunch specials include soups, salads, sandwiches, and wraps. I like the macadamia crusted chicken salad. The chicken was so juicy, the greens were fresh, and the portion was very generous. Quality of the food exceeds the price. Try this place out. It will not disappoint.
3	If you live in Mountain's Edge are and are craving some late night eats, this is your place. I have had much better bar food elsewhere, but the food here is quite satisfactory. The place itself is dark, clean, and doesn't smell of cigarettes and cigars usually. The drinks and food are fairly priced and there is a good selection. The breakfast starts at midnight and that is what I usually order. You can't go wrong with any of it. The burger with the jalapenos is delicious even if you are sober.
2	Ordered take out today and they messed everything up and didn't even offer to rectify it. This place used to be good, don't know what happened. Their foods good, but their service sucks.
2	Just ok. The service was good, the food, not so much.
4	My roommate and I got hungry at night.  Seems to be very common now..We look for graveyard specials.He's been coming here several times, first time for me of course.This place is like a hidden gem for me.  I wouldn't have notice it by the name of course.  From the outside, I would have guessed they cut meat inside.  We parked it at the bar area, ordered 3 burgers with soda.  That burger came out and dang! Not bad at all.  Very decent sized and cooked as how I asked for.. Medium rare.  I stacked up the lettuce, tomatoes, and all.  First bite, very flavorful.  Not too salty on the patty.  Steak style fries? Nice.  I ended up clearing up that place quite fast.  Bartender kept my soda cup filled of course.  Their graveyard menu is limited, but I don't mind.  Makes me pick faster and usually a small menu is good.  Place is spacious and has plenty of tv's.  Music is constantly playing with lots of video poker screens around the bar.  Seems like they get lots of regulars that come in.  Overall, I would come back.. Only if my roommate drives me of course.  Place is quite out of the way for us.  You hear that? Drive me!
5	I come here a lot with my family when we're craving American food.  They have great deals and amazing food.  Their portions are huge and the food is always great. They have a rib eye special for two that was less than $40. I can't remember exactly how much it was but definitely a great deal. It came with hefty sides and the meat was cooked perfectly. Their breakfast food was good too. Everything on the breakfast menu was less than $5. I got the chicken fried steak last time and had to take the rest home for lunch because it was a huge serving.The atmosphere is nice. The restaurant portion of the building is nice and quiet, separated from the bar. The lighting is a little dark but perfect for a steakhouse. I haven't had any of their drinks yet but I heard they have good deals. I'll have to check it out next time. The service is hit or miss. There were times I got quick, amazing service but there were other times I couldn't even find a server. It seemed like they only had one person there to attend to the entire dining area of the restaurant at times. I don't mind waiting a little so it wasn't a big deal. Aside from the wait, the people there are really friendly. I don't think there was ever a time I got a bad vibe from anyone there.
5	I have ordred take-out quite a few times from here.  The bartenders are always friendly.  I usually order the Kobe Big Sky Burger with Steak Fries.  They have great Ranch dressing for the fries so I can't  forget to mention that.  On several occasions I have enjoyed the Cajun Steak Pasta: Blackened steak medallions in a spicy tomato cream sauce.  Never dined here but To-Go orders have been a breeze.
3	Only because my Grandma wanted to eat here did I go. Who argues with Grandma? My salmon was dry, as was the baked potato (even after heaps of buttery goodness). The booth we were given in the dining area was in desperate need of repair- ripped and lacking padding. But who doesn't like to eat in a hole? Service was attentive, even somewhat friendly.  I wouldn't come back to eat, as there are better options, but maybe check out the lively bar one night.
4	Updating my review for two very good reasons: a) great staff and b) great food at moderate prices.Tonight was the first time I've come in a long time for dinner. I'm almost always here for breakfast. The breakfast staff are always bang on fanatic fantastic (you can quote me) despite the place being chock full to the rafters with little children and big children and old children (read: obnoxious, pretentious, slap-you-on-principal-alone kind of customers).Tonight' s server is Wendy. Wendy says she has been here for 5 years. My loss for not coming in more often! I  need to state clearly here I  like AALLLLL THE staff here, but I  have decided I  like all the staff here because I  met Wendy! Her personality fits her name. Like all the staff here, Wendy has a whole lot of charisma and energy, she has good rhythm, and manages her pace really well. The teamwork is evident here, as I  notice a lot of "zone defense".But look, none of that matters of you can't serve a good meal and keep me coming back. And although the menu is stacked with great variety...it's the sexy moo cow I been craving rightly and proper. All in all, decent red meat plus the baked potato and accoutrements... and awesome folks to smile at. Yeah, I  am liking this place, sure enough.
5	I stopped by with a friend for the first time. I have to say the rib eyes were amazing and I received great service from Lauren, the sexy young waitress. Everything was great although I do I have to say the man behind the bar made our drinks too soft, not enough liquor for me. Other than that everything was great and I recommend it to anyone looking for a decent priced steak
5	I'm updating my review for 2 reasons: A) Emily. She is not unique in her attitude and sunny disposition, as all employees at this venue are _breathing_  happiness and joy and ExtraGoodGoodKarma (tm). And B) Consistent decent quality and decent price.Plus, Fat Tire on tap.The anchoring factor of 5 stars: perfectly-cooked flavorful sexy hunka cow. Great, wonderful staff. Decent price and consistent quality.
5	Had breakfast two mornings in a row while visiting the area. Great staff and excellent breakfast. It is supper cheap also.
5	I really like this joint. They do a buy 1 get 1 burger special everyday. And all sandwiches discounted during lunch too. Their beer selection on tap at the bar could use some serious attention, however.
1	4 of 6 meals have been total screw ups however the servers and bartenders are nice and they are closest to home so I kept trying hoping it was bad luck ...
2	We used to really love this place, but the last few times we were in, the service was fairly poor, and honestly I am not sure what is in the Jack Daniels bottle, but I know for certain what I was poured was not Jack.  I ordered a Jack on the rocks, and watched the bartender pour my drink.  What I tasted was not Jack, which I later confirmed when I went home and poured myself a Jack on the rocks from my bottle---completely different, which should not be the case since the liquor was poured with no mix.  Not cool.
2	I've been coming to this place now for a few months because it is open 24/7 and is right down the street from my house.  I also order take out at this place at least once a week if not more and have noticed some things that have finally made me choose not to come back to this place anymore.First of I would like to say that the prices at this place are great, very hard to beat, quality of the food is okay to good.  Some items are a great deal at a great price, that is what kept me coming back to this place.  Now since i've been ordering take out for the past few months I've realized that they ALWAYS mess up on something in the order.  For this whole time it's been something very small (no onion rings instead of regular fries, missing bacon in a burger, no guacamole, etc.  Now this has more often then not but in my head was not such a big deal that it would change my opinions about this place. Also during my experience here I've never been charged a "togo charge', this past order their was a "togo charge" and when I asked why that was there and that i've never been charged that before he arrogantly said "we always charge togo charge" bs. buddy, this was my first time. Okay that's no big deal though, let's get on to it.Just recently my girlfriend ordered a salad for take out.  When she came back home to eat it there was just the salad, no dressing.  This was obviously something that needed to be brought to their attention so we called them and had to drive all the way back so that they could give us salad dressing.  Once the second trip to this place just for one order was done, we get home again and crack open the salad.  Once the salad is "tossed' with the dressing we just got, we realize that the salad was iceberg lettuce when it clearly says on the menu that it is a mixed green salad.  Also it was supposed to have other items in it as well (blue and red tortilla chips etc) and those were not present either.  They basically made it completely wrong and tried to pass it off to us. This is absolutely unacceptable and i'm not willing to pay for something i don't want.We placed another phone call to the restaurant this time to talk to a manager since all the other employees seem to have the heads up their asses and I wanted a resolution to fix a "simple salad' that they somehow miraculously ruined.  The manager that answered the phone was Bryan, he seemed nice on the phone and when explained the situation he said it was okay and to come by either tomorrow or the next day to get a refund.  Upon going to Montana to pick up my refund we were met by another manager Scott, this guy was not on the same page as the first manager and was actually extremely rude and completely unprofessional.  Upon giving us the refund he had the nerve to say, "How I do business is to have the customer bring back the togo order to fix it" (which we already did) ,"and he also threw in that it is the customer's responsibility to make sure that their order is correct when they pick up their order. "Excuse me? Don't you manage a restaurant? That's not how it works, you don't say a customer is wrong, fuck you man, just getting fired up thinking about this ass and how he is somehow a manager.  Oh and by the way when he came to give us the refund, he threw it on the table and walked away!!  How mature, as long as this guy is working there, they will never have my business again.Scott if you're reading this, get a new job, this one's not for you. Get a job where you don't have to deal with people because you've got bad attitude and shouldn't be dealing with customers.
1	We went for a relaxing afternoon to order the "Filet Medalions" ... on the menu it stated on the Meat catagory all entres come with  "fresh vegetables and your choice of mashed or baked potato".  After the meal we get home and just remembered that we did not recieve the fresh vegetables... We call and asked for the manager "Scott" and he said we got what we paid for".  We did not get what we paid for (bill was over $65 plus tip) and we asked over the phone what could be done?  He stated you got what you paid for... my wife said talk to my husband  and he hung up before I got a word out.  My recommendation would be to skip this place! Why should you have to be on all the time and make sure you got what you paid for??  "Scott I would say get another job because you wouldn't last one day in a good establishment on the Las Vegas Strip!!!"
1	New to the area so I wanted to check out the neighborhood spots. This place looked cute and had a great special running, two rib-eye dinners complete with salad and side for 36.00. The food was decent. You cant expect much when you are paying 40 bucks for two steak dinners. The service was non existent. The waitress forgot our drink orders, forgot to bring out the appetizer we ordered, forgot to bring out our salads before the meal, and forgot to edit the check to take off the appetizer. Halfway through the meal the food runner practically took over serving the table. If you go here just sit at the bar. That way when they screw things up you can handle it right away.
4	Food was great, with chef specials and healthy menu choices. Tasted great. Beverage service was great with continuous refills. A few hiccups on order when food was delivered.Unfortunately the menu was confusing in that in the meat section, which states "fresh vegetables" included, had a "signature" meal for which "fresh vegetables" meant sauteed mushrooms and onions, umm what is "fresh" about that and why does this one menu item in the middle differ?When the manager named Scott come to table he explained they were fresh when sauteed. He ageed to bring brocolli, but immediately issued the statement "this time only." Sadly with that attitude and comment there won't be next time! He was the bartender too, so not sure of his skillset and whether it qualified him to be a manager dealing with customer service.The menu is confusing so FIX IT! Don't take it out on the customer, get corporate to fix it.
5	Charm in the neighborhood. We ordered one 12oz ribeye steak with 2 extra lobster tails, it was a very good portion to feed two people. Onion rings was yummy too! The server spilt our order to two plates I thought was very thoughtful. will defly come back again.
5	How can I put into words how much I adore Montana Meat Company?!  Lucky for me, I literally live five minutes down  the street!Never had a bad meal here, regardless of what I order. The breakfast menu cannot be beat for the price and the late night menu is awesome as well. Super friendly staff, good food specials, this place is great.
2	Montana Meat Co isn't so much a steak house as a typical Nevada bar.  The menu has been tweaked but the quality just isn't there.  I've been four or five times over the years and the steak is often chewy or poorly seasoned.  It's not the worst place to eat but despite how close it is to my house I still avoid it.  Not to say that bar food is ever all that good but this place just misses the mark that would get it to three stars in my book
4	Located southwest of Las Vegas along the highway to Pahrump, this is one of two Montana Meat Company restaurants (the other is in northwest Las Vegas). Montana Meat is co-located with a video-poker bar, and features a separate restaurant area. The kitchen is open 24H, the restaurant area closes at 10 PM on weekdays. The restaurant area is nonsmoking, it's not sealed off from the bar area, this is a showstopper for us at some restaurant/VP bar combos but smoke wasn't a problem the two times we've eaten here.At most restaurant/VP bars in Vegas you'd never consider actually eating the food, but, Montana Meat features memorable steaks, and it has a robust selection of salads, non-steak entrees (e.g. lobster tails, lamb chops) as well as sandwiches and other breakfast and lunch items. We had the thick 20 oz Montana ribeye ($26) which comes with a choice of potato, broccoli, and soup or salad. Full bar. Credit cards.
5	The teriyaki chicken is the bombbb!
4	Very good steak but just realize that if you order medium rare you will get it! I am so used to restaurants over cooking the meat I always order it rarer that I like. They know how to cook it properly so order accordingly. I heard they have good breakfasts also so I went there early one weekend. The waitress was very spaced out like she'd had too much fun the night before and the breakfast just was ok. They have a good selection. I've brought all my out of town relatives here and they liked it too.
4	My wife and I really like Montana Meat Company and come here often.  Food is always good and portions are large.  The Chicken Mac and Cheese on the "Specials" Menu is amazing.  My wife always gets it.  The burgers are really solid.  I'm a bit of a burger snob, so they're not the best I've had by any means, but they're definitely good!  Especially the Peppercorn Burger and the Rocky Mtn burger.Overall, the food is good, very reasonably priced and the staff is always friendly.The only reason I don't give 5 stars is that it's more of a "nice bar with better than average food" than a "Steakhouse or Meat Company" that you might think based on the name of the restaurant.  I'm from Montana and I was expecting to have at least a Bison steak or Buffalo burger on the menu.  If they wanted to be really true to the name, there should be some elk or venison somewhere on the menu.  Maybe it's harder to have wild game on a restaurant menu in Las Vegas than I'm imagining, but either way, whenever we go there, I always have a tinge of regret that there aren't actually any "Montana Meat's" on the menu.
5	Five stars for service! Been here a few times with my boyfriend and Lauren has been nothing short of amazing! Food aside, it is always the service that draw customers back! We will visit again and again, only to see our girl Lauren!
4	First eating hereReese the bartender was really coolI loved the foodHad steak and eggsI definitely will come back
4	My steak was cooked perfectly. The service was great. They were out of veggies but gave me a salad sub for no extra charge.
5	I live nearby and have driven by a few times, tonight when nothing sounded good, we ended up at Montana Meat Co where everything sounded amazing. I ordered the Filet Stack, my boyfriend ordered the Chicken Quesadilla from the healthy menu, and both were divine. He said his tasted "healthy" but it certainly served it's purpose. I devoured mine, blue cheese encrusted filet mignon atop a garlic crostini complete with caramelized onions and a thick tomato slice...YUM. Service was good, attentive server (I think her name was Natalie) and support staff was on top of things. Prices are reasonable and atmosphere is tasteful and inviting. Will certainly be back!
5	Im a night person n so are all my buddies. We go here after the gym n just chill, eat, drink, vape etc. The food here is awesome! Its a really chill atmosphere which I really like!Eric is the best bartender. Hes awesome! Always on top of everything and always recommending really good food. He has awesome stories too. Really cool guy! Keep it up boss!Montana meat company is awesome!
4	The food here is good and location is great. I suggest the bogo burger deal. We come here often and is a great place for friends and family to get together.
1	Been 3 years since my last review, and a year since my last visit,and you'd think I learned. I have not. I ordered the bacon wrapped scallops (which are awesome). I was a little weary that it only took 2 minutes from time of order, to time it was on the table. Still had a good taste and texture. My entree was a a medium filet, with the same potato order; sour cream, butter, cheese, bacon, and chives..it came out in record time with just cheese and bacon..oh well, I'll let the runner know. I cut into my steak, which was like sawing into a piece of wood. I pushed it away and told the bartender a first year chef knows that you don't cook a filet well done, and if you do, you order chicken, because you have no right to appreciate a filet. She offered to have it re made, but I refused as I have worked in a 4 star steakhouse and know that send backs get dropped on the floor. I wouldn't have wrote this review if the bartender would have at least comped our 2 beers since we were gambling. She seemed too overwhelmed by the rude prostitutes and the rude pimp who demanded his Hennessy for free for playing $5. Even though you consider this a "steak house", I left and got an amazing steak at PT's down the street. Never again.
3	Ok...I am giving this place 3 stars, because the service was terrible and most people at our table of 12 did not like their food. I, however, did like mine, so I would come back with friends if they planned to come here. But since it is so far away, it won't be my suggestion. Now, the strange thing about this place is to be called the meat co., you would think there would be many meat choices on the lunch menu.  Besides a roast beef sandwich and some medallions, everything else was chicken or fish. LOL! I chose the Mac and Cheese with Buffalo Chicken, because of the suggestions on here...glad I did. ****warning: there are strips of red onion in this, even though the menu made no mention of it.***Anyway, after they re-cooked it without onions, and spit in it, I truly really enjoyed it. You could definitely taste the buffalo sauce, so it had a nice spicy flavor to the creamy cheese sauce. Nice chunks of chicken topped it off to yummy goodness. It was a nice sized potion, and comes with garlic bread (although mine didn't and I had to remind them to bring it). I only wish had room for the calamari, because of the reviews on here...oh well, next time.
3	Place is a hit or miss.   Sometimes it is great and at other times it is below average.  However the breakfast here is very good.  We come mostly for the breakfast but if we are in a gambling mood we will give lunch a try.
4	Breakfast here is awesome. I have not been for dinner yet, but I will definitely go soon.
2	The food here is mediocre and overpriced.  I have been here twice and both times the I was not impressed.  On my last visit the food that came out was incomplete (missing sides, not as described on the menu, etc)  The service was slow and the food was just not that great.  I will not be returning here.
5	I've picked up breakfast from here twice now, and both times have been FABULOUS. First of all, most of their breakfast items are $5.95. The last time I ordered chicken fried steak, which comes with 2 eggs and potatoes, then regular breakfast which was 2 eggs, bacon, toast and potatoes, and last the French toast, which came with potatoes and bacon or sausage. All of this for $5.95 each. The food is always ready when we get there and still hot when we get it home, and EVERYTHING is delicious. A lot of places make disgusting chicken fried steak, but here it's crispy on the outside and moist and tender on the inside, with a light flavorful gravy. YUM!  It's my new favorite breakfast spot. I'm not sure about the ambiance or service, since I've never eaten inside, but everyone seems nice. The bar is SUPER SUPER dark though. I've never ventured over to the restaurant side.  Will try it sometime.
2	We were expecting so much more. The bacon scallops were raw & fishy. The 20oz porterhouse was good. The filet stack chef special bread was really soggy. The filet medallions were very thin. With the sauce it was more like a pot roast. Onions definitely not carmelized. Maybe the burgers are better??  The service was good & fast
1	It's a shame what happened to this place... This place used to have consistently good food and now the last  two visits have been horrible. Today's disaster was a salad with old and wilted lettuce with old mushy tomatoes... Such a shame... Don't go for the food
2	I've been there about 6 times over the past year. The food is fantastic. The peppercorn burger is one of the best burgers I've ever had. The problem is the ambience and the service. The service is probably the worst I've had aside from the fact that they get the order right at least 75% of the time. They are a bit rude, bit without meaning to be. Very impersonal and don't really speak to you. They just drop the check on the table and walk away. They take your order and just walk away as they're writing it down without saying a word. The place is dark, quiet, and boring. Put a TV on the wall? I won't be coming back after this last visit, so I'll REALLY miss the delicious food.
1	Food was mediocre. I ordered medium well and it came out well done. Not many choices for sides as far as vegetables. The service was bad. I asked the waitress if there were any other vegetables I could have with my order and she rolled her eyes and said no. I will not be returning.
4	I don't know why it took me so long to try this place when it's so close to my man's house. I am still shocked that their breakfast prices start at $5.95! That's like fast food prices! I tried the chicken fried steak and it came with 2 eggs, toast, potatoes and lots of gravy. Sure, it wasn't the best chicken fried steak but c'mon at $5.95 you really can't complain.. The bartender was very nice and the food came out pretty fast. We sat at the bar to eat and it wasn't even smoky or smelly at all like how some bars are.. Can't wait to go back and try more of their bargain breakfast deals!!!HOT TIP: Breakfast deals end at 1PM
1	We were seated and waited at least 15 minutes before we got up and left. I work in a restaurant so I could understand if it was busy, but there was two other tables beside us. Three different wait staff passed us 7 different times and we were not acknowledged once. This was the first time we have ever been, and I was excited to try the filet medallions, but I don't see us ever returning due to the horrible (non) service we received.
5	Visiting Vegas this week for a bachelorette party this weekend and didn't have anything much to do on a Wednesday night after I flew in so I hit up this joint down the street from my girl's house where I'm staying. I used to live in Vegas and in this same Southwest area, and have been to this place once; and food, you always remember quality food!But last night was exceptional! Our server Cher was awesome! She gave my friend and I some really good suggestions and took her time to help us decide what to get off the menu. I love food, but my indecisiveness will frustrate me. Thanks to Cher to the rescue! She asked if we loved bacon. Who doesn't! So we got the bacon wrapped shrimp and scallops! Both were super yummy, and then we both had our own burgers; mine of course the classic big sky burger with bacon, cheese, and mushrooms. My friend and I were both happy and will definitely be back again. Thanks Cher for all of your recommendations and for being so kind and courteous because I had a really long day at work with mean management; so to come to a night cap and be around nice people is fantastic! We'll be back for sure! Great food, and exceptional customer service!
5	For what it is, this place is great. Breakfast is excellent. Kobe burgers are awesome. Open 24-7.
4	We order breakfast here routinely and are consistently pleased with the overall quality of the food, service, and especially the price! For two people,  breakfast usually costs us about $14.00 with generous portions of the entree and sides.  The atmosphere on the dining side is pleasant and dimly lit on the bar side of this establishment.  Our meals are usually take out, so I enjoy playing the poker machines while I wait for our order. I usually get lucky and win a few bucks too! The bartenders are always helpful and friendly and offer you drinks until your food arrives. All in all, it's a nice place for a quick tasty breakfast at a great price with very good service!
2	Can't say I like this place. Can't say I hate this place. Service is so so, and the grub is either hit or miss.  2.5
1	I went to breakfast yesterday ...I was so surprised how bad the food quality  went down ....it use to be so good .....If you want a good breakfast just go down blue diamond rounders ...
4	Great food, great service! Wesley was our server and  was very attentive, no empty glass at our table. The dinner bread was fresh out of the oven and we had the rib eye dinner for two. Big portions cooked to order. Highly recommended for the price. Clean and spacious.
5	This was a great experience the food was great and service was superb. We spent the whole evening there even after our food was done 3 people kept refilling our cokes and checking on us even though we had paid the bill. Top recommendations for this place.
4	Beginners luck??  I'm gonna come back again to make sure this wasn't a fluke.  Mere minutes from my home.  I've passed by so many times.  came for breakfast and wasn't disappointed.  Prices are superb.  Portions are big.  Xmas lights are everywhere and done with class.  Server was a nice guy who never stopped smiling.  I honestly can't find a bad thing to say and I was looking everywhere.  Kids everywhere so it's clearly kid friendly.  Nice homely feel to it.  Ill upgrade to a 5* if this is as good when we come back for dinner tonight.
1	I hate giving this place a bad review because their food was awesome. However, service left much to be desired. Our server, Cherlyn was by far one of the worst servers I have encountered in Vegas. She had absolutely no manners. She never checked on us, left that completely up to the busser. We ordered a steak medium rare and it came out well done so nicely we asked for it to be fixed and she had the audacity to try and blame us for ordering the temp incorrectly. When we were finally ready to leave she took forever to give us our change and then not even a thank you or have a good day. Just dropped it off and walked away.
4	The four stars are for the restaurant, food, atmosphere, and usually great service. Tonight we dined in the restaurant and were served by Cherlyn. The meal was great except my steak was overcooked. No big deal but when I asked her to please fix it she proceeded to tell me I ordered it wrong when clearly I asked for medium rare. Besides all that her demeanor was rude, unfriendly and made myself and other guests feel as though we were bothering her by being at one of her tables. I'm a bartender in town and know and give great customer service and this was by far one of the worst servers I've come in contact with. Beware!!!
5	I've been to this location quite a few times and have always received consistently great service and tasty food no matter what time of day we've stopped in whether it be breakfast, lunch or dinner. My bf and I have never met a menu item we didn't like. Most recently we had the country Mac n cheese and the tuna salad. I was pretty po'd when the bf wanted to come here instead of having the sushi I was so badly craving. I mean, the tuna salad sure wasn't the sushi roll I was craving, but it was pretty yummy and satisfied me at the moment. Looking through the reviews I'm pretty surprised to see negative comments on the waitress, Cherlyn. We have been served by her a few times and she's always been pleasant and attentive. Even when my boyfriend was adamant about no onions in his food and it came out with it anyway, she kindly took it back and had it fixed with no onions. My boyfriend always knows how to ruin a meal by fussing with the ingredients. I'll be back here time and time again in the future I'm sure. Great local spot for some good grub.
4	Been here 3 times.I always get the special 2 steaks and vegetable and potato and (soup or salad) for like 39.99 or something like thatThey cook my Med rare steak perfectly.Of the 3 times the service and cleanliness has fluctuated:1) Table in the bar area. Service Great, Clean table.2) Table in the restaurant area Good service, Clean table3) Table in the restaurant area Mediocre service and a very Dirty table(soda, balled up napkins, sauce and straw-papers and a lemon wedge hiding behind the salt shaker).Over all good. Grab a friend and get the 2 steak special. So close to 5 stars if it was onlt cleaner and consistant good service.
5	Nice spot. Great atmosphere. 24 hours. Has a huge bar for Monday nights, and a dining side for you and the lady. Cherry is an amazing server. Very attentive but doesn't hover. Food came out. Steaks were a little overdone. Not the servers fault, so stop taking it out on her. Broccoli was perfect and the honey butter that came with the bread is awesome. So far it's the best casual steakhouse I've been to in Vegas.
5	We came here on Christmas, my husband, 1.5yr old and I. We got the top serloin it was so good. First the brought out fresh,hot white bread with that kind of whipped honey butter that lures you to unashamedly spread it directly onto your tongue. I really liked their ranch dressing on the salad. I got fries and steamed asparagus tossed in butter mmmm. Also a side of chardenay mushrooms. I usually like A1 sauce but I didn't use it with my meal. The meat and mushrooms were so flavorful. I had a craving for steak and Montana settles it. Mmmm I know we will return.
1	Went here for the evening meal at Christmas. Took forever to be waited on. The salad that my wife got had stale lettuce. We sent it back - when the waitress finally made it back to the table. She was asked what was wrong with it, never asked if she wanted anything else. Didn't see her again until our check arrived - about ten minutes after we were ready to leave.At one time I was a frequent customer, but both the food and the service have really taken a dive since my last visit. Won't be going back.
2	Ribeye was alright, needed more salt and pepper.  Green beans were frozen, some were warm and some pieces were cold.
4	I have to say things here have greatly improved since my last review. The service is much, much better, friendlier and the burgers are amazing. Props to the management for turning it around.
