4	Great place to buy jewelery.  They offer lifetime warranties if you have you jewelery inspected twice a year.   This includes replacing diamonds if you lose one and your inspections are current. The warranty also includes free ring sizing as often as you like.
5	So I randomly popped in here the other day with a jewelry issue. I bought this BEAUTIFUL watch online and absolutely love it, but it was too big and needed some links removed.  Carrie at the Kay Jewelers at Town Square took care of my watch.  She's a lovely person and super professional.  She even gave me a recommendation for a nail salon.  I had a great experience here and will be coming back for all jewelry adjusting/repairs in the future.  Thanks Carrie!!
5	I'm ENGAGED!!!! Ok let me start from the beginning me and my bf had been looking around at different stores to find my perfect ring. We wanted to buy it somewhere that first had the ring I wanted, also had good quality jewelry and would also have a good warranty that covers my ring even when we move to Texas and Kay had all that! ( They actually offer a lifetime warranty and will replace diamonds if needed)So when we first walked in I didn't know the exact ring I wanted but had an idea of what style i wanted so the sales lady showed us a few different rings but I wasn't really in love with any of them they were pretty small and plain, I told her I was looking for 2 carats or more princess cut with a thin band so she took me to the Neil Lanes. Omg! The Neil Lanes are gorgeous! Mind you Neil Lane designs celebrity jewelry and the collection is top notch. As I'm looking at the collection I saw it! My gorgeous 2 carat princess cut with a halo and diamond band it's complete bling bling and I knew that was my ring!  We ended up not purchasing it that day because I wanted it to be a surprise and obviously wanted a nice proposal. So my bf came back alone to purchase the ring, unfortunately they didn't have my size I'm a 5 1/2 the smallest they had was a 7 so they gave him the 7 as a loner to propose with and they had to custom order my ring since there's diamonds all around the band you can not resize so I have to wait 72 days for my real ring but its worth the wait.
5	Whoot whoot,  got a beautiful new ring. They greeting us as soon as we walked in.  They gave us a chance to look around.  We found a couple of rings we liked.  Found our final ring we liked, and it was a done deal.  They were so smooth to work with.  And my ring was already in my size.   I walked out the door with it on my finger!
1	Please don't go to a lady named Betty. I thought I called the correct Kay jeweler and it wasn't. My mistake. However, just being on the phone with her... She was just flat out rude.
5	Always receive service right away when I walk in. Got my wife's engagement ring here and they were a big help. Always get my ring services and clean without any problems. Good selection of jewelry and the always manage to call me when they are having a sale!
1	why is there a no stars option ! bought something online then went to kay bought something on interest only plan paid off the purchase that was not on interest only and they still charge interest they lie and scam i hope they enjoy the 4.23  I'm transferring the balance  kay lost a customer forever
3	I stopped by this location while waiting for a friend since my bf and I have been talking about taking the next step in our relationship. The store was empty and I was able to have some great one on one time with the salesman. I felt no pressure and he was very informative. The next day I brought my bf in to Kay's to show him what I had found. Our experience was a more stressful one. There were 2 saleswomen helping us, while discussing who was going to take their break next. Having both ladies trying to help us was over the top. Then we were asked about opening an account, when was our wedding date( we were looking at engagement rings, usually the wedding date is set after the purchase of an engagement ring). We were told about upcoming sales events. This was all too much for us. I know they have to stay with the merchandise and they have sales quotas to reach, but a little bit of privacy/quiet time would have been nice.
1	Worst place I've experienced in Las Vegas. We were ready to buy and just looking for a store in Vegas since we just moved here.  They tried 4 times to get meet to sign up for a credit card.  We wanted to pay cash but the horrible sales person kept asking.  We ended up walking out and buying somewhere else the very next day. They had what we wanted at the price we wanted, but we still took our business elsewhere.  When a business makes a sales target the priority vs delivering a good customer experience, they deserve to go out of business.  Listen to your damn customers!
