2	Watch out when it looks like something is on sale.  They mark a rack or table with a big buy one get one or 50% off sign, then only some of the stuff on the rack is on sale.
5	OK I know what you're thinking - You're a chick!  Why are you rating MEN'S Wearhouse?!  Well recently the BF and I went shopping for some business friendly clothes for him.  Our "wardrobe expert" (and I feel terrible because I forgot his name) was incredibly friendly and helpful that I couldn't help but think - WHY DON'T THEY HAVE STORES LIKE THIS FOR WOMEN!!?  Someone who helps you - no matter your size or height, finds you the pants that fit your body, the dress shirts, the jackets, etc.  This man was absolutely STELLAR!  Incredibly personable and he knew his job well.  The BF left with exactly what he needed and I may or may not have talked him into a few other items... What can I say, I like a sharp dressed man (cue ZZ Top).  So if you're looking to make your man a little more stud-ly with a jacket, tie, dress shirt, or perhaps a full suit, stop by Men's Warehouse.  You'll be drooling over him in no time ;)
1	Let's start this review by saying that when we are at that point, my girlfriend and I will be going to Jos. A. Bank for mine and my groomsman's suits.  Allow me to give you a numbered breakdown of the issues we encountered when renting from Men's Wearhouse to be the groomsmen in our friends wedding.1- They never contacted us after the fitting after saying there would be a followup call.  The other groomsmen and I had to follow up repeatedly to get an answer as to when our tuxedos would arrive and the staff were very short with our honest questions over the phone.2- They sent two of our tuxedos to Homestead when we asked for them to be sent to Ross Park Mall during the fitting.3- When one of us called two days prior to the wedding to ask if our tux's had arrived the guy answering the phone said "Oh... I don't know" (insert an awkward, pregnant pause here while waiting for him to say "Let me check that for you") he instead said "Well, I'm going to hang up now."  And he made good on that promise, and hung up.4- Despite saying we'd get a call a few weeks ahead of the wedding to be resized in case one of us gained a few lbs over the winter, this call never came so we basically had to hope that everything fit as it needed to.5- We were at one point informed that MW had our emails on file and that when our tuxes arrived at the store we would receive an email letting us know.  Not a single groomsman received any such email to that effect.6- One of the groomsmen randomly received a black tie while everybody else had white.  Another received no studs.  We discovered this approximately two hours to show-time while relatively far from civilization.7- On picking up my tux I informed the associate "I'll be unable to get to a Men's Wearhouse for a few days after the wedding, is this alright?" to which she responded "Yeah that should be fine" so when my girlfriend graciously dropped off my tux for me a few days later and learned of the $100 late fee, I was totally caught off guard.8- My girlfriend was also caught totally off guard by the associate at Ross Park Mall who was incredibly rude to her when  he informed her of said late fee.9- As the Best Man I was given a coupon card for $50 off my next rental at Men's Wearhouse.  Since I am in another wedding next month with rentals from MW I figured this would be an opportune time to use it.  Imagine my shock while paying for the next weddings rental, when I presented the coupon and was told "Oh, that isn't for this.  That is intended for YOUR wedding.  Oh and it expires on December 31st of this year." 10- The groom himself decided to use a coupon to purchase a suit for the wedding and to own, rather than rent a tux for the occasion.  He was ensured by the Homestead staff that the coupon would be fine for this purpose and got fitted for it.  When he went to pick up his suit and pay with the aid of said approved coupon he was instead forced into an argument with an associate who insisted he could not use the coupon towards the suit that an associate a few weeks earlier had insisted he could use.  Granted, now I am speaking for another person so take that with as much salt as you may, but he reiterated this fact to me several times prior to his wedding last week.Over my friends wedding weekend, any time anything even went slightly wrong at and around his wedding, the joke between the Groom and his Groomsmen was "Effing Men's Wearhouse."  For example, at a restaurant, "Wait I asked for no onions on this sandwich. - Effing Men's Wearhouse!"  "Noise complaint at the hotel room? Men's Wearhouse."Another groomsman looked at me when we discovered the wrong color tie one of us received and said to me "I hope you're taking notes for your own impending wedding" to which I replied "Perhaps I could find better service from GoodWill of Western PA"Congrats Men's Wearhouse.  You became the butt of every joke for every mishap for an entire weekend around a wedding to which you provided the suits.TL;DR - 10 mistakes, several rude associates and 1 future groom going to Jos. A. Bank.
5	I went in to get my suit that I bought last year tailored because I had lost some weight and I couldn't have had a better experience. When I walked in I was immediately created by Bill who was warm and friendly. Anna came out to perform the measurements and mark up the suit. She checked everything, even changes I hadn't thought to have made to make sure the suit fits me perfectly when they are done. Best of all, when I asked if they could ship the suits to me at my house since I no longer live in Pittsburgh, they asked when I was leaving town and promised they would get it done for me before I left  the next day. Better yet, they had the suit ready for me early, avoiding the rush for me to pick it up before I left. Everyone was extremely helpful and diligent and I will continue to only get changes done at this store.
