5	Best Chiropractor ever!
5	I have been to several chiropractors over the years and, frankly, was never too impressed with their "move 'em in, move 'em out" mentality.  Dr. Mike Martin is SO far away from that; he really knows his stuff, combines massage with manipulation...I've NEVER walked away from here without feeling anything but amazing.  HIGHLY recommended, especially for those who have their doubts about chiropractors!
5	I am a pretty big guy and have had bad luck with chiropractors in the past. Dr Martin made me a believer.  He's one of the few chiropractors who listen to your problem and doesn't just give you a generic pre- patterned treatment.  He knows how to manipulate to get the job done (not always easy to do on a guy my size)!  I always and will always recommend Driftwood Chiropractic to every body looking for a good chiropractor.
5	Can I seriously give this Dr. 10 stars please? He's awesome in every way. I was his last appointment of the day and he literally spent an hour and a half assessing my back and neck issues, and then treated them on the spot. He took so much time with me; I never felt rushed or hurried . . . I didn't leave his office until after 7:00 pm! I felt amazing when I left the office and will continue to see this Dr. until I am pain free!
5	Dr Martin is amazing. I had to go see him 3 years ago after I hurt my back really bad from moving my apartment. It was my first time going to the chiropractor, and it took 6 or 7 visits, but he really helped me feel better. And I have recently been having back pain and strained muscles, and I called to make an appointment. He offered to stay late for me and do a 6 pm appointment so I could get in as soon as possible and come after work. He is very accomodating, and an excellent chiropractor. He listens to what is wrong and is very personable and proffessional. I live in Phoenix now, in the Arcadia district, but it is worth the drive to go down to Chandler to continue to be seen by Dr Martin when I need to go to the chiropracter! Thank you for being so great!
