2	Went there because I'm new in town and  I'm a chicken wing, pizza and gyro connoisseur.  They have all 3 there.   I ordered a gyro ($4.50 alone or $5.00 for the combo) and wings  ($7.95).  The total came to $15.95 so I stopped the guy and mentioned this. He said the 2 sides of blue cheese was 1 dollar a piece!  I was flabbergasted.  I mentioned that NO WHERE have I ever been would they charge you 1 dollar a piece!  And they were small sides (1 heaping t-spoon).  I would pay 75 cents for a side at Genos's in Tempe for 3 times that amount of BC (needed for big orders).  Get this though, the guy will charge you 50 cents for substituting blue cheese for the regular side of ranch - because it cost more.  Seriously, 10 cc's of blue cheese is something that is too much to include with meal as every other plae that I have ever been to will?  Needless to say I cancelled my order.   I wonder, was it really worth it for him to lose that business, AND future business?  As I was driving home, I thought about the 50 cents increase for the special.  I chose a can of coke instead of the fries.  But here's the math:  By his logic, the two small sides of blue cheese cost more than 4 cans of coke or 4 orders of fries (0.50 X 4  = the $2.00 for the sides of BC).  Crazy.I may go back for the gryo because it's on my way to school and back, and just around the corner, and it wasn't bad.  In a pinch will hit the spot, but it won't be regularly I can tell you that.  He could have had a customer a couple times a week and one that bought more than just a gryo being that I love wings and pizza as well.  Not just that, buy my roommate and I tend to eat out at the same place.  The guy definitely needs better business sense and customer service appreciation.3 stars for the gryo1 star for the blue cheese charge
5	We love Gretalian there are so many different options all being good. It feels like you could be part of their family with how kind the staff is. I own a salon within walking distance and have been there over a dozen times with no trouble in fact. The prices are extremely reasonable. And the last review was wrong on the charges they are much lower than that for much more of any of the sauces. I have had my toddler walk over with me when we were working on my salon and each time they ask if she can have a lollipop and she gets to choose one which is nice as we wait for our order. Also when I ordered carry out with my daughter they were kind enough to deliver to my shop with no cost since she fell asleep on my shoulder. I haven't even gotten to the best part yet the food! They have pizza, wings, tenders, fried zucchini mushrooms, gyros, burgers, frozen lemonades, and desserts just to name a few. We love the tenders and wings epically they have so many different favors that are all amazing such as lemon pepper, garlic parm, and spicy ranch. And the Gyros are perfectly delish. Yum! Oh and try the baklava it's delicious! Don't believe me ask the dishes. (No but seriously it's great!)
5	Been here a couple times cause they have .50c wings & they're a good size not the little ones. This time we tried the Gyros pizza, never heard of it as a pizza b4, sandwich only & it was AMAZING!! I would definitely recommend this place.
1	Well this is the last time my co workers and I order from here. The food is mediocre at best and that's if your order even comes right. Beyond on that the customer service is THE WORST I HAVE EVER HAD! The manager will call you a LIAR! They do not give you refunds and will argue with you about the situation. I was hung up on, argued with and told that I was not worth the managers time. How rude. Spare yourself any kind of issue and loss of money because the prices are OUTRAGEOUS! All curse words that could be said, well I've said them.
