4	Front 9 plays like a links course.  The back nine is gimmicky and filled with target golf.  That said, this place offers good value for the golfer and GPS is complimentary.  Summers get pretty hot so be sure to hydrate up.
3	A fun course with the back nine much more enjoyable than the front.  There were only a few golfers out the day we played in the second week in October. It felt like a private course.  The desert is definately in play for sprayed shots.The only downers were the greens which were slow and shaggy compared to other area courses.  I didn't like the fence that seemed to hug a few holes on the front nine.  The bunkers are a severe penalty and are best avoided with deep sand and steep faces.I would go back when the greens are in better shape.
4	In town for a conf. Didn't bring any of my golf stuff no clubs no shoes nothingThe staff was very friendly,made me feel very comfortable, and set me up with everything. the clubs were Cobra brand and they were very used, but they worked. The grill was great the girls were on it right away and the food was fresh.The course is nice.... front nine was pretty standard  second nine was a placement nine...short but you had to hit specific landing areas, but it was fun to play laid out Diff from what I'm use to...but that made it fun.I would play it again with out a doubt.Great staff! GO PLAY IT
3	I liked the rustic course and the nice views.  It was too busy so we were able to golf at our leisure without anyone in front of us or behind us. I would golf here again.  The price was fair for what you get.
2	Course is in bad shape. Greens are dried out, dead spots and lines through them. Most of the greens were actually black...don't waste your time here.
3	The greens are rough; the rest of the course is in average condition. For the price, decent value.
2	I would avoid DVGC for the next couple of months as the overseed/winter grass has been killed off (something about too much herbicide in the reclaimed water and....).  You tee-off on patches of grass covered in sand.  Fairways are blahh and as for the rough well it is non-existent.To add insult to injury the course did not state beforehand (on golf now) or upon check in the state of the course.  I have played DVGC many times and enjoy it and this would generally be a 4 star review - good course, great layout and on the lower price point (less than $75 for winter golf) for this part of the Phoenix area (Boulders etc nearby).
1	Played this course on Saturday December 27.  Always enjoyed it but it is a totally different course.  No grass anywhere including the greens.  They were proud of the fact that their greens were rolling 11.5 which is ridiculously fast and it's only because you are putting on dead grass.  Chipping the ball around the greens is impossible because there is no grass, as well as, the fairways.  Won't be back for a long time until I hear that they have grass.  They should inform you that this is the case when you make a tee time!
1	Final warning! you will be disappointed no matter what price you pay.Played Dove Valley last year, beautiful, not now.
