5	If you like burgers then you have GOT to try Five Guys.  I love this place!  Burgers are fresh and hot, made to order and are so juicy and tender they practically melt in your mouth.  The fries are awesome and really taste like potatoes and not some processed packaging material!
5	Way too much food for one person.  The burgers are hot and made to order.  The fries are a meal by themselves.  Go hungry or don't go at all.  A good stop when you're in Charlotte.
5	Not sure how Five Guys does it but, they somehow meet archaic NC state law against serving medium rare beef while still serving a juicy burger.  Perhaps it's the grind they use having the right amount of fat or how they cook them to order on the flattop but, they pull it off.  Lot's of fixings to choose from and the fries are just delicious.  Fresh cut and fried to close to perfection with a choice of plain or Cajun seasoned.  Any place that lists the location of "Today's Potato's" and also offers malt vinegar to douse them in has to take fries seriously.The staff at this location does a great job of keeping the burgers and fries coming no matter how busy they are and are always friendly.  High marks for the total package!
4	Great burgers made to order.  You can go with the small size or the bigger versions.  Their version of fries are always a little burnt for my taste but they give you a great big serving.   A great option is a bacon hot dog - you can't go wrong with that one!  The only downside is that ot will cost you a good $20-25 for two meals.
4	Love the burgers, hate the price! $9.00 for a cheese burger and drink, cannot afford the fries. The fries are too large to order if you want just a single serving. I would eat here more often if the prices and portions were more reasonable.
4	I myself LOVE five guys, i always get the double cheeseburger (i havent been there in a while so im not sure if thats what its called)....it will fill you to the gills,not to mention that their hotdogs are expecially good as well,also the free peanuts are a plus plus plus......but if it is one thing that gets me is that the food is insanely priced...i mean don't get me wrong,the taste is original...you just may never have another burger like it....but seems like everytime Me and my wife step in the door we walk away atleast $20 shorter!!!!!!!!!!!! It's a burger joint guys....let's bring it down to burger joint prices please!!!!!!!!!
4	Good food but you'll be surprised by your bill. Go to share a small order of fries with your small burger...seriously.
4	Delicious burgers, fresh toppings, yummy fries. However, I don't really think it's much better than the local chain, Cook Out, even though it's a fair bit more expensive. But Cook Out  doesn't have tables or anything, so I come here when I want to eat somewhere besides my car.
5	Consistent! Always great service. Food is always fresh.
5	never been to a five guys that i didn't love.. this one is no different.
3	I hate to say it but I was not impressed with this Five Guys. I fell in love with Five Guys while working out on location in Texas. While in Charlotte for work, I tried them again and wasn't happy.  They got my order wrong first off and then the flavor just wasn't what I recalled. Too bad because I have enjoyed them so much in the past.
4	1st thing, if you have any type of peanut allergy do not go to a five guys. They have free peanuts while you wait which is always nice.We do so enjoy the Five Guys and this one does not disappoint.  The burgers are always made to order which means it takes a little longer than fast food joints, but it is worth the wait.  A couple can easily share even a small fry as they give you quite a bit with your order.  The Cajun fries add just a little bit of seasoning but not enough spice too be too hot.If you are looking for a nice burger without being fast food this is a good place.
5	The portions are so large that I usually go with the small burger and small fry. Service is quick and friendly. Best burger I have had in Charlotte. Also, free peanuts while you wait.
4	Always a pleasure. Will return.
4	My favorite fast real burger spot. Your burger is made to order and fries are hot. Try the cajun style fries. There not to spicy, and you only need one regular size order for two people. 1 little burger 1 bacon cheese burger, 1 regular fry, and 2 regular drinks $12.42. My only complaint was that my bacon was cooked to hard. I hate crunchy bacon!
4	While I was in Japan for 4 months, there were two things I really really craved. Eastern-Carolina BBQ and Five Guys Famous Burgers and Fries. Yeah, not just a burger-- FIVE GUYS. The peanuts. The grease. The fries. Oh yeah, and The burger. It's all amazing. If you haven't been yet, you're really missing out. It's just a classic, American burger-- perfected. Also, they're made to order! The fries are always freshly (?) fried! So they come out nice and hot! I love the texture too. Not a fan of the hard, crunchy fries. Pro tip: The portions are usually big! A regular is a double burger and a normal fry is usually enough for two people. However, I did notice at this location they seemed to give less fries than other locations I've been to.
4	Really good food, but A bit pricey for a hamburger.
5	Out in Rock Hill looking for a pet friendly patio and a good lunch. We called a few places and unfortunately they did not allow pets. Five guys not only did, their response was quite possibly one of my favs...."we allow pets on patio as long as they don't smoke"   Burgers and fries are always good but made even better by sharing with our furry children on the patio.
5	Personally one of the best burger in town I love the fact that is so close to my house
1	I am a big fan of 5 Guys.  Sadly they may have let their popularity go to their heads.  Tonight we had the worst fries ever.  They were over cooked and soggy.  We know they can do better, but the crew working at the Northlake location blew it fonight.
