5	Haven't had the chance to eat, but I've definitely had a chance to drink here!They make this pomegranete mojito and martini, which is delicious!!!!  The bar gets really tight and noisy especially when there is  a convention going on, especially when there's a HAIR SHOW going on.  All the educators get drunk stupid, hyphy!!The bartender we had was JP and he was so attentive.  Scott was cool too, but he wasn't as attentive as JP was.  When we were dry on drinks it was easy to get another round!!
3	Overall decent place. I think Networks greatest trait may be it's location and the hours (open more then most hangouts downtown).I have had several productive lunch meetings here and the food is decent. The nightlife is usually a little slow, and service is even slower. The decor is nice and modern - it certainly looks like a classy destination.For dining, don't waste your time. For a drink before a game, or maybe after work it's a good call...
3	When I visit Phoenix, I sometimes stay at the Hyatt hotel so Networks is naturally were I eat.  It is a convenient and safe choice n the neighborhood.  Although most of the selections tend to lean towards the fast food genre, you can find comfort in their coconut shrimp, or chicken sandwiches.
3	I rather like the food here. They have a pretty standard bar menu, but it's executed well for a hotel lobby bar. They keep good hours, and are always open late. Prices are high, but one should expect so being the location, as most hotel bars are pricey. A lot of people always say oh the hotels just like to gouge people... thats not it, most hotel charges are on expense accounts and people don't care what stuff costs, so the prices reflect that. Just don't try using that revolving door after 10PM or you will look a fool.
1	Came here for the downtown pub crawl.  They wouldn't honor the advertised drink special.  Jason the manager was a huge cockbag about it.  Avoid this place.
1	AVOID AT ALL COSTS. We went here for downtown pub crawl in search of the $1 drinks that had been prominently advertised. By $1 drinks, they actually meant $1 off overpriced glasses of shitty wine (with the "discount," Beringer White Zinfandel was only $7.50!). We made the mistake of asking Jason, the douchebag of a manager, to either honor the printed special or do *something* to make it worth our while to have gone there. Instead, Jason not only turned away our party of eight without offering any kind of special to make up for the false promise of $1 drinks, but also  gave us attitude for trying to take advantage of the pub crawl specials.  I don't think I've ever felt less welcome anywhere I've been.
1	If it was possible to give no stars, Networks would of earned this honor from me. First off, even with pub crawl happening, the clientel at Networks is your typical hotel bar clientele. Being under 35, and not trying to get laid while at a conference out of town, I felt like an instant outcast. Secondly we came to Networks to take advantage of the pub crawl special of $1 beer and wine but once we made it to the bar we were quickly told it was a misprint and pretty much treated like shit after that. Jason, the "manager", strolled over to the bar with a fresh plate of assorted appetizers pizza as most people would call it, with his cheap suit jacket and an earpiece. I am not sure if he felt powerful with the earpiece in but it really helped add to the entire douche vibe. He was short and unaccommodating with our party and not even apologetic for the misprint. Mistakes happen and if Jason was a little bit better of a manager, he could of convinced our party of 8 to stick around and spend some money at his bar even if we did not get the discount we originally thought we would. Jason needs to remove the stick from his ass, the ear piece from his ear, and take a few more management courses before I would even consider returning.
1	The fact that Networks had four stars a few days ago and now only averages three demonstrates the potential impact of not treating your customers well, especially when six out of eight of them just happen to be Yelpers who are not afraid to write about their bad experience. I was part of the group of 8 that stopped by Networks during last Saturday's pub crawl (which was featuring drink specials and food samples from downtown businesses). This event was clearly planned in order to generate more business for these local spots, which makes the manager's refusal to give us $1 beer and wine or any sort of meaningful concession (when the downtown pub crawl materials said "$1 beer, $1 signature wines" with no "off" anywhere in sight) that much worse. You are certainly free to check this place out for yourself and maybe these four one-star reviews won't do anything to change Networks' core crowd of patrons, but I can guarantee you that Networks lost the approval (and referral) of five very grumpy Yelpers!P.S. Congealed, cold pizza cut into miniature slices doesn't count as a "food sample."
2	Under-par for even a hotel bar. 1.7 starsCost to worth it rating: 1 (martinis for $12 and not a bartender talent level or atmosphere to support it)Highlights:- Convenient: if you're staying in the hotel- Outdoor seating: patio area with misters if you want to be outdoors or have someone who wants to smoke- Indoor seating: long bar and some tables and couches- Vodkas: have level as well as Ciroc, Effen, and some flavored options- White cosmo: ok, not too sweetLowlights:- Service: didn't get paid attention to for a while and long lag between getting drinks that we ordered- Snacks: sub-par wings and even chips and salsa left a lot to be desired--bland- Shot prices: $10 each for mixed shot- Hours: last call at midnight on a Saturday nightWon't be back unless I'm needing a drink and too lazy to leave the hotel.
4	I was just recently here for a late night dinner after the Suns game.  We just stumbled upon this place coming back from the stadium and there were quite a lot of people sitting outside.The food was really good, and the service was friendly, and I would suggest it for a early drink and appetizer before or after the game.
3	I really wish downtown had some classier late night options instead of all the sports bars... still, this is the best of the lot.
2	I remember coming to this place for happy hour a decade ago when staying in downtown Phoenix as our office was nearby... I remember liking the downtown Ally McBeal happy hour crowd (sans the suits, of course).So, when recently staying at the hotel and stumbling back after bar-hopping downtown, we decided to have a night cap here. Now, a scotch is a scotch after 5-6 of them (to me anyway) so there was nothing special going on with my drink. BUT, when I asked how soon until the kitchen closed, the bartender said 5 minutes but was insistent that I order whatever I like... I verbally expressed that I felt bad that I was ordering so late but he was really cool about it and said the cook would not mind...I just thought that was really cool... I was actually expecting him to be a dick, but he was really, really cool... my bad... Nevertheless, I politely ordered something easy to cook - a chicken quesadilla... Uh, oh... bad choice... for a Hyatt hotel bar, I would expect something a lot better. How do you f up a quesadilla, guys? It was so soggy and bland that now I wonder if the cook DID mind and served me something from the garbage. Too late to complain, I was already in my room... Let that thing stink up the hallway...4 star bartender0 star quesadilla
4	networks is located in the hyatt regency phoenix. it's a pretty cool sports bar-- they've got several large screen tvs for you to watch any game that's on.i liked that they had booths as well as high-top tables available in the restaurant. we went two nights in a row for some drinks and a snack. my husband is totally ecstatic that they have fat tire on tap! his favorite beer. we can't get it where we're from.we had the same server both nights. the first night she was pretty chatty (she talked to us for more than 10 minutes about her vacation to hawaii (because that's where we're from)) and it was a little too much for me. i hadn't seen my husband for over a week and i was on a date with him! but, she was really nice, nonetheless. she was very prompt with service and always got us refills, even without us flagging her down!the second night, it was a lot busier (probably why she didn't stick around to chat) and we had my sister-in-law and her husband join us. her husband ordered a burger, and it was the biggest burger i've seen stacked that high in my life! he said it was really good. i liked the chicken tenders covered with parmesan-garlic. ask for honey mustard sauce! soooooooooo good!!hopefully the next time we're back in phoenix, we'll make it here again.
3	Inside the $200+/night downtown Phoenix Hyatt Hotel, this is the casual dining watering hole for the hotel where mostly out-of-town conventioneers grab a bite and stiff one. It has a bar and tables with TVs inside, and a reasonable sized covered patio outside area where you can enjoy the warm Valley of the Sun evenings and watch the car hops park other people's cars. If you are here the Friday of Halloween weekend, like I was, you can sit and sip a Zombie while you watch as the Zombie Walk of 700 people come screaming by you with "Night of the Living Dead" limping gates and fake blood splattered all over them! Did you order a Bloody Mary?Otherwise the food is ok for what it is, but the service is slow. I did have the Buffalo Shrimp, and that was good, with 4 very large battered prawns with a spicy buffalo sauce over a bed of finely chopped slaw.They do have at least 4 red varietals by the glass, and a couple of brands in each for you winos.
4	I really like this bar. Each time I've been here, whether it be during a pub crawl, happy hour after work or an hour or 2 before a Suns game, I have yet to experience poor service.  The atmosphere is cozy, clean  and a good mix of casual and business.Recently they also added a small sushi bar which I look forward to trying. Next time your exploring downtown PHX, make this place one of your stops!
1	Service so unspeakably bad, that I will Yelp about it instead.Stopped for a drink before the Symphony.  It was a little busy, but nothing out of the ordinary.  There were a few empty tables...though most were dirty.  Waited for at least 10 minutes before a server passed by and said she would be back shortly.  Shortly turned into unacceptably long, so my husband went to the bar to order.  There the bartender walked by him several times, and again would not acknowledge him, much less take his order.  Keep in mind, he was not rushing to make drinks.  He was cleaning up.  I find it hard to believe we're invisible.  Maybe just undesirable?  Regardless, we left and went elsewhere.
4	Opening seating, so don't wait around to be seat.  I had the spicy chicken wrap, and it was well worth the price!
2	Location - stellar! Atmosphere - Decent... Prices - ridiculous. $13.00 for a mediocre (at best) Manhattan makes me think that the dollars from the guests at the conjoining Hyatt are all that keep this place afloat. This was the second time I'd been in here on a weekend and there was maybe a handful of people there, which was a few more than the previous time. Besides symphony-goers I really can't imagine this place appeals to locals.The service was good and prompt, but if I'm paying $10.00+ for a drink it had better be something to, well, write a positive review about.
3	As a hotel bar and grill, it is a great place to meet!  Beer selection...OK.The food is decent (pub grub) and the staff is eager to please. Don't forget to check in on FourSquare to receive half off you bill (food only).
4	I stayed at the Hyatt while attending a sci fi convention across the street. Networks was the place we would go when hungry or thirsty in the evening hours. The food was good and we tried several dishes. The sushi and seaweed salad, spicy chicken wrap, blackened fish sandwich and sweet potato fires were all delicious. The drinks we had were expensive but the waitress Valerie told us the ones that gave us the most bang for our buck. She was great! At times the crowds were horrible due to the convention but we always found seating and would get served fairly quickly, so not sure why this was an issue in other reviews.
4	I'm thankful this place was up for grabs on Groupon! Had it not been, I would have never ever even thought of walking in to this upscale looking bar craving a mouth watering $10.50 veggie burger! The service was friendly and professional. Burgers came in huge portions so I recommend skipping an appetizer. I was sad that i couldn't finish my fries. And I'm a total sucker for fries. I'll waste just about anything but not my fries. I can't wait to go back.
3	Sushi was ok, if you can get it when they're making it - which definitely isn't all the time. My friend had the turkey "burger" which was actually turkey slices rolled up - kinda weird if you ask me. They have a decent beer selection where I was happy to see the Dogfish Head IPA on tap. Chicken tortilla soup was nothing to write home about, but they are very conveniently located in the hotel. Friendly and very attentive staff.
3	Not bad for bar food. They had a relatively tasty pita and hummus option, and their sweet potato fries were reasonably good. To see vegetarian options on the menu is rare at a bar, so that was a nice surprise. It was conveniently located near our hotel and convention center, and everyone convened at this bar after the events every night. It lives up to the name "Networks."
3	Burgers and sandwiches, lots of fried food...thats pretty much all that is here. I was disappointed they didn't have their sushi on the weekends that are advertised in the rooms here at the hotel, but I guess the restaurant worked in a pinch. I ordered a salad with chicken, dried cranberries and blue cheese which was pretty good.
3	Very average Place. Its part of Hyatt Hotel, and totally looks like a Hotel bar/restaurant. If your in the area, and your starving, or if your staying in the hotel, it will do. Service was not very friendly, overall very "meh".
3	I'd love to rate this place on atmosphere alone, give it five stars, and call it a day. Me and a friend were able to seat ourselves, and every spot looked so nice I had trouble picking a spot! There were some huge, comfy chairs. Very wide and low to the floor; we felt like we were reclining with ample table space between us. The menu was already laid out, and I sat there admiring the playlist. Franz Ferdinand...Darwin Deez...it's like they hacked into my Pandora Quickmix to lure me in!My mojito was worth all nine dollars. It packed a punch, and was extra minty. Other bars should try one here and take notes. We started off with the hummus appetizer because hummus pairs well with everything (duh). I couldn't get enough of the grilled flatbread, which I assume was seasoned with rosemary, sea salt, and crack. Too bad most of the basket they give you is...tortilla chips. And the hummus has the consistency and spice of a tex-mex bean dip. I don't know how I feel about that.We started having second thoughts about eating at the only place to screw up hummus. The descriptions of sandwiches were painfully average. I just can't get excited about the "local pepper jack" motif. They boasted some brand of sushi that I haven't heard of, and I'm sure it's well-liked. But do you really want to order some off-site sushi when you can get it fresh within walking distance? No disrespect, though. Atmosphere is off the charts, and our waiter was super-cool. I'll recommend this for a great day drinking spot, so it's "A-OK" with me.
4	As far as hotel food goes, this place was pretty boss. We dropped in several times during our Phoenix Comic Con experience to get burgers to go and every time the service was friendly and the prices weren't too bad (location costs, remember.)I specifically remember their ranch dressing being incredible with their fries so be sure to remember that when you order. But the burgers are huge, and the buns themselves are very hearty, almost pretzel-like in consistency.Would be 5 stars except the well done burgers I ordered came back very pink pretty consistently.
1	Horrible service. Burger cooked wrong and it took 20 minutes to get it replaced. Definately not a place to visit if you have less than 2 hours for lunch.  Entree prices good but $3 for regular ice tea :(
4	I disagree that this place is average. Well not the menu anyway. I was really impressed. Definitely not average bar food. The atmosphere is decadent, yet relaxing and friendly. I went for lunch and I have also been at night. Perfect location to just drop in and hang out, have drinks on the patio and people watch. Or after a couple cocktails head up to the Compass Room for a dessert. This is one of those downtown landmarks that I may be partial to, but I happen to love!
4	Living and working in the area I admit this is one of the places I have no idea why I am not here more often.  Their Happy Hour pricing and offerings are SUPER (Half off selected appetizers and reduced prices on beer and well drinks.)Having a bit of time before a game I was committed to trying a place for Happy Hour that I had either not been to or don't go to often.  I came here.  Ordering a vodka soda with lime ( Well Vodka is Smirnoff) and Chicken Wings (naked w sauces on the side). My order was taken quickly and the service was friendly.  [Sitting at the bar.]When the wings arrived, I was impressed! There were *12*,  yes a full dozen, plump, meaty chicken wings and drummies. These were not your typical breaded,  dry, overcooked anorexic 8-10 pieces I have received at some of the other places downtown.   Several sticks of celery and generous sides of ranch and hot sauce accompanied the wings.  Now you thought my 4 star rating was just the service, quality and quantity of food.  Well it was that, in combination with the price that has me sold.  When I looked at my tab, $4 for my drink and $5 for the wings.  WHAT A VALUE!!! Don't let the fact that this is located a very nice hotel intimidate you.  It has a great casual, clean vibe and it has convenient access from the street (corner of Adams and 2nd St).  [You can also go through the Main Lobby entrance and hang a left.]This may become my main pregame stop.
1	Usually, if I go to a bar & grill restaurant, I just go with the burger because it is hard to mess up.  But I have been trying to eat a little healthier.  I went with the spicy chix wrap which was no bueno.  It was overly salty, rather than spicy and there wasn't much chix.  It was loaded with a sauce and some salad reject items that were not appetizing and was very dissatisfying.  Ironically, the burger would have probably been the healthier choice.  Also, don't get the tortilla soup.  it is a bunch of stale tortilla chips on a watery mess that no one in good conscience could call a soup.
2	Located right across from Symphony Hall, we decided to have a drink before a show.   Networks was not that busy with many watching the games on the flat screens.  We sat there for about 5 minutes, no one came by to greet us or take our orders so we moved to the bar and had a quick drink.  Not my first place for a drink downtown!
2	Good food but sad service. Stopped here for lunch today before the opera. I can't fault the server but it took us 40 minutes to get served. They need more cooks or something. What would have been a special afternoon turned out to us having to "woof" our food down to get across the street to the opera on time. Too bad. My Reuben was pretty tasty and Susan liked her fish sandwich too. We have been here many times but this was not a good experience.
2	Food was decent (blackened fish sandwhich) but like the other reviewers, service is EXTREMELY slow. It was even difficult to order drinks... They are sorely understaffed. Happy hour prices are decent but I wouldn't come back due to the service.
1	I have now learned to avoid The Network's Bar and Grill.The main reason is the poor service.Anytime anyone pops in staff should greet the customerThese folks ignore customers frequently.SIX times this year I was TOLD that the Downtown partnership 20% discount is NO longer accepted - which is a bold face LIE.The restaurant staff merely HATES to deal with their inept manager who HIDES the required computer card for this discount from them.THANKFULLY there are DOZEN'S of options only steps away.Although I've been to the Networks OVER 3,000 times since it opened some 15 years ago, it now will be my last stop if that.
5	Network Bar and Grill..come here for the personal attention. Kevin and James were awesome. Kevin takes time to talk to you, be cool with him he will be more than cool with you. i've only been here once and I and I will be back thanks to Kevin.
3	I stayed at the Hyatt for the 2013 comicon and my group ate here twice and drank here every night of the con.  As the food goes I do not have a single complaint.  It was all extremely good and none of us had a bad thing to say on that front.  But the service was severely lacking.  Also, the drinks are really expensive for the amount you're getting.  I don't mind paying $10-$17 a drink but I'd like more than just a swig of mixed alcohol.  If you're downtown looking for good food and don't mind slower service check this place out.
1	Worst service ever! On my first visit, I sat at a table in the bar area for 10 minutes and was completely ignored by bartenders despite the bar being nearly empty (they even looked directly at us several times). We walked out, having never been acknowledged or greeted. On my second visit (I don't know why I came back) it was pretty busy, so this time we were ignored for 15 minutes. I finally flagged down a server who took our drink order, but it was like a game trying to get her attention every time we needed a drink! Hopefully people staying at this hotel  will realize that there are MUCH better bars within a short walking radius... don't waste your time with this "sports" bar...
5	My previous review went missing so I'll try it again.  Great burger and craft beer selection!  Very nice and attentive waitstaff. I usually steer clear of hotel bars, but I will definitely be back next time I'm in Phoenix!
3	Decent sports bar in the city. OK bar food and plenty of beers to choose from.Service was always good.
5	Wonderful environment to watch a game, great ambiance, although it did take a while to get acknowledged when we sat at the bar. Try the Ruben it's outstanding and prices are reasonable. If you have to eat near the convention center and are crunched for time, it's the perfect spot.
1	Service sucked! Waited 10 min we were ignored. Went across the street to Steve's Grill. Would give no stars.
4	Max is the local maximum at this Hyatt's restaurant/bar in Phoenix. By definition, he presents the value of a function at a certain place (or domain) which is greater than or equal to the values at all other points in Downtown Phoenix. His recommendation of bar favorites including the grilled chicken beast with avocado was the bomb. He works his domain well - thumbs up!
2	We popped in for a small bite and drink. The Diamond Raspberry Lemon Drop was delicious, but it just went downhill from there. I ordered the tomato bruschetta, which was the worst I've ever had. The bread tasted stale and left this weird after taste in my mouth. I had no desire on finishing it. The tortilla chips and pesto hummus was rather dull as well. Pass.
5	I have been staying at the Hyatt this week and have made this place my watering hole. Good prices. Great people. All of the guys behind the bar have been pleasant to talk to. And they will even let you shamelessly flirt with them. Max makes a killer margarita, Ryan pours a good whiskey and is adorable, and Kevin will be your bouncer if a creeper is making you uncomfortable. A great spot if you are conferencing, but I think I would come here often if I were local. I hope I have a reason to return.
1	Came to this place after seeing a wonderful show at the Symphony. It's one of the only restaurants open before 4pm on a Sunday afternoon downtown and within walking distance from the symphony. Walked in with my mother and aunt and after a few minutes of not being acknowledged, I tried to flag down the server that walked by. "Excuse me, excuse me, EXCUSE ME!". She ignored me and I heard a voice from another female voice from behind tell us that we can seat ourselves. We sat at a booth...it was fairly crowded. We waited for about 10 minutes when a gentleman walked by and gave us 3 menu. We were ready to order since we looked at the menu posted in the window outside but before we could tell him that, he ran off. About 5 mins later, we witnessed the female server that ignored me earlier walk to every table in front, behind and beside us but completely avoided our table. She did a full circle and pleasantly talked to every other table but ours. At first I thought that she was just making her rounds but nope she never came to the table to even acknowledge us. "Maybe she isn't our server", says my aunt. About 5 mins later, the male (I think he is one of the managers) that have us the menus asked if he could get us something to drink. We told him we were ready to order and as we were ordering the female server (Emily) walked by and was going to tell him that she could take it but he was almost finished. Emily brings out our drinks along with some paper napkins and requests that we return to her the cloth napkins and silverware that we were provided when we sat down. She said something about we only need spoons. Ok, I'm over this story and getting more annoyed as I sit here still in this place that has AWFUL service so I'm just going to close with this...THIS PLACE SUCKS and Emily needs some customer service training (acknowledge your customers!). Never again.
5	While the dining room was very busy our service was amazing. Our server, I think her name was Emily, made time to give us five star service and make us very comfortable. Drinks were great. Food came out promptly and it was all amazing (Emily helped us navigate the menu by pointing out her favorites). All in all we were very pleased and will be back!
1	This place sucks. Disorganized, overpriced, burned food, and "service charges" on my receipt all mean that I won't be back.
4	My daughter and I ate here three times during this year's Comicon and had great experiences each time. The serving staff wasn't quite as attentive as I might have liked, but it was during an extraordinarily busy time.The burgers and sweet potato fries we had were super tasty, and they do make a very fine margarita.This would be five stars had the waitstaff been a bit more on top of things (maybe an extra hand or two during high volume rushes or conventions at the Hyatt?), and the prices been a bit more reasonable - $25 for two burgers, two fries, and two sodas is a bit steep.
1	Tried to eat here three times during a convention at the hotel, it was way too crowded and we couldn't find a seat. Staff didn't try to help or acknowledge us for a good 15 minutes that we wandered around looking for a table. They should at least change the whole "seat yourself" concept during a convention that thousands of people attend, doesn't work well.
4	My family of six ate at Network's after traveling. The waitress was very friendly and patient. We shared meals and she split them up for us without asking. Food was alright. The sweet potato friends were amazing. It was a little pricey, which is why we split, but that's not any different than any other hotel grills.
1	THE SERVICE IS HORRIBLE!!!! I was in Phoenix for convention and staying at the hotel. The 1st night we came here and it was OK. Waitress seemed frazzled but she was nice and did her best. Good happy hour but expensive otherwise. So..2nd night we come in sit up in area with couches..it was not too busy when we sat but was getting busier. Waitress acknowledged us about 20min later. We asked if we could order she said let me do drinks 1st. Most of us ordered water. 2 people ordered drinks. About 15 min later she came back with water and ran away. We waited about 15 more minutes and then approached her. She then told us that food was taking 45 minand we should go somewhere else...(now lets re cap! We had been waiting about 50 min already). As my friend walked away the waitress proceded to roll her eyes and tell another table about us. How dare you!! I approached the manager and he was useless. Very agressive and defensive about his staff. I went back to my seat. About 10 min later she comes back..with the same sparking personality. She told us again it would be an hour for food..guess what. We would have been eating already had you done your job the 1st time..we walked out. Oh and she never brought the other 2 drinks. We watched another table walk out too. This place needs to WAKE UP!! Your in a hotel across the street from the convention center!! You cater to convention people whom are usually on a schedule. We waited patiently for plenty of time and gave her, and the manager every opportunity to get it together. They don't care!! That's the bottom line. I think I will stay in another hotel next year just based on this experience! Go to Steve's Grill..they are happy to see you and they have awesome specials!!
4	While staying at the Hyatt (in the same building) for the Grace Hopper Conference (8000 attendees), I ate here multiple times. For bar food, the food was really good. I highly recommend the salads. The Networks burger was really good as well. The staff was great - they were very friendly, quick, and always on top of things when it was busy.
2	Look for somewhere else.  The bartenders were nice and the drink was okay but when added to the food very over priced.  I had southwestern rolls and they were not very good at all.  Had I paid 7(11.25) for the martini and 5(8) for the appetizer I might be a little nicer but if you want to charge high end prices you need to provide quality product.  With all the choices in the area shame on me.
5	If you like HOT wings, come here! If you like sweet potato fries, come here. If you like a meaty reuben and fries, come here. Outstanding service. Great food. Eat here!
4	Better than average hotel bar.  Food is decent (why can't places with chefs make fresh French fries?!  Arrrrgh!!!) Bartenders are really good guys.  Decent booze in the speed rack.  For those not in the know, that's how you judge the class of the establishment.  If Smirnoff & Jim Beam are well, it's a place that values good booze.  Attend during happy hour for this to earn 4 stars, otherwise it's 3.
5	Another great meal. I had their "NetWorks" burger and my wife had their Chicken Club. Both excellent. Great French fries too. Great service, they go out of their way to make you happy.
5	Two people I met here stand out in an extremely positive way. Kevin behind the bar and Taylor serving the tables have refreshing attitudes, great skills, and genuine care for the respectful customers. And while no one should have to experience disrespectful customers, I saw both of these individuals treat disrespectful customers with nothing but respect. Whether it's training that influenced this (not likely) or just two people demonstrating skills that very few people have, I hope the decision makers for the Hyatt corporation recognize that they are blessed with a couple of gems. The atmosphere is noisy, casual to dressy, food is typical for a restaurant/bar atmosphere. If that's what you're expecting, you will leave here feeling like you've won.
2	Worst service ever guy in pink shirt! Waited 45 mins for tacos. Food is good when you can get it. Gave the place two tries for better experience.
