5	Sadly enough, this once hookah bar is now only a restaurant/bar due to Madison's smoking ban.  One of Casbah's best kept secrets is the fact that they have half-price appetizers during happy hour (until 6:00) M-F.  My girlfriends and I just ate here Friday night, sneaking in at 5:45 and eating at the bar because the only two tables downstairs were full.  The food was delicious and because it was so cheap, we ordered 5 appetizers...for a total of $16.50!!!!!!  Everything was served with warm pitas and I would highly recommend the Dolmadakia Yalantzi, which is grape leaves rolled with a filling of seasoned rice, chopped fresh tomatoes, and spices.  Delicious!  Also, if you are in them mood for a real meal...the prices range from $12-20 with good vegetarian options.
4	We arrived in Madison on Christmas and needed a place to have dinner - Denny's just wasn't going to cut it.  So we called The Casbah, which happened to be open, and were completely delighted with what we found.  Highlights:-  Three stories - a basement with a cloth-shrouded den for each table, where you sit, surrounded by pillows and cross-legged like a sultan, a main story with club-style lighting adorning the walls and a very hip looking bar, and an upper level with your traditional fine-dining setup, white table cloths and a rustic feel.- The fare - excellently done, but a little expensive.  We had "The Ultimate Grill" for two, in which everything was cooked to perfection, including the veggies!  We also had falafel & tahini, which my Israeli accompaniment agreed was some of the finest we've tried in the States, tabouli, and a vegan lemon/lentil soup.  All were divine.- Service - our waiter was friendly and earnest, and this was his first time out of the kitchen.  He was eager to share about the restaurant - the owner is a Palestinean and has been in Madison running the restaurant for over 30 years.Definitely two thumbs up from us.  And thanks for being open on Christmas!  Love, the Jews
4	We just ate here last night.  They seemed to be pretty busy - there was a party they were preparing for upstairs.  We were seated in the bar/dining area.  I loved the traditional middle eastern music playing in the background.  The food was good.  The Lamb Kebab was very tender however it didn't seem to be seasoned very much.  I still liked it though and we ate it all along with the rice, vegetables and hummus it came with.  We also had the spinach/lentil soup which was very tangy and reminded me of Gujarati Dal.  The Date Salad was really good too - tangy and sweet.  I also tried one of their red wines from turkey and it went perfectly with our meal.  I'd love to go back and try more food and even catch a belly dance performance!
3	I was not familiar with the former incarnation of this place, but it's current rebirth left me unthrilled. I suppose they are still training staff and maybe even short-handed, and it shows. The service was over-burdened. When they flubbed my order -- I said lamb, but chicken showed up -- my dinner companions and I had to wait about 10 minutes until we could tell our server about the mistake. They fixed it quick though -- they just scooped the chicken out and plopped some lamb on top and brought it right back -- easy to tell that when you find some of the chicken you tried to return still sitting in the middle of your couscous! The food is average quality, but the presentation is nice, so you may be fooled. My meat was tough, vegetables seemed an after-thought.  This place ain't cheap, so you'd expect a bit more, overall.This is Madison. There are options, and I' for one would take the dining room of King of Falafel over Casbah any night of the week.
4	The only time I had been in Casbah was years ago watching those braver than I take down flaming shots of liquor.  Now returning about three years later, the Casbah has closed and reopened under much publicized new management.  Arriving this time for a late dinner we found the place almost entirely empty but still serving food till 10, this gave us the luxury to simply walk around and see all the beautiful designs on each floor.  Along each of the diverse floor settings you can accommodate yourself to your preference.  The main floor has the Moroccan bazaar feeling, with tile tables and a nicely woven-in bar.  The top floor consists of a large dining room prepared more elegantly full ensemble of white napkins.  Finally, the fairly small basement level has several private and romantic booths with raised floors beneath the tables as a gesture to the custom of sitting cross-legged on the floor.  Having done this tradition before, I enjoy the median the Casbah has provided, the sensation of sitting on the floor but having a bottom cushion, more pillows, and easier access to a solid table in front of you.  Often meals from this region are lengthy multiple courses that involve desserts and then coffee so sitting without much support can become uncomfortable or distracting from the food and the experience which is meant to be drawn out and savored.  Not only is the atmosphere amazing, the food is delightful.  My dish, whose real name I admittedly cannot recall, was lamb with prunes served over rice.  I substituted rice for couscous which I always find rather mundane.  The lamb was very tender and juicy and the combination of that at the prunes was surprisingly delicious.  My partner got a b'stilla, I remember that one, which is a very unique creation.  It's a flakey pie stuffed with shredded meat and vegetables with the outer layer being sprinkled with brown sugar and cinnamon, amazing flavor combination.  The meal also came with a nice soup, a lentil and a chicken and beans both of which were also quite nice.  Overall, my experience at the Casbah was well-rounded and solid.  With gorgeous dcor and really fresh flavors in exotic dishes.  The service was also quite courteous from host, waitress, manager, even the cook from the behind the bar waived to us.  It was one of the few times I've felt like I was actually being treated, in every sense of the word, to a exquisite meal, as if I was a foreign dignitary.  This brought the whole evening together making the Casbah a truly enjoyable and complete experience.UPDATE:  I went back to eat here about a year after the above and the food wasn't as fantastical.  Still good but not amazing.   5 to 4 it must go.
5	I've never eaten here, but I will say hands-down Casbah has the BEST mojitos in Madison.  They're tart and they actually muddle with sugar so it's a little gritty as they should be. They are also gigantic.
2	I made the mistake of sitting in the lower level -- affectionately called "King Tut's" on their website.  It's made out to be an intimate place to eat, but really it's a llot like eating in your mom's musty basement.  I kept expecting some creepy crawly thing to scutter out from somewhere.  The whole place just felt damp and icky..The food was just there.... nothing really too exciting -- and I like Mediterranean food!  I'd much rather go to Kabul over on State or any number of places before heading here again.
3	I love the mix of 1-2 star and 5 star reviews The Casbah has.  I'm going to put my vote for smackdab in the middle, with a solid 3 star review.Don't get me wrong.  For fancy drinking, I adore this bar.  The decor and the low-lit prettiness is very sexy.  The drinks are overpriced, but well worth it.  I had some seasonal cocktail once that had blackberry brandy, sherry, cream (and possibly other things), and two ripe blackberries floating on top, served in a martini glass.  Since it's been 4+ years and that drink is still distinguishable from all other fancy drinks in my mind, you know it was a well spent $8.  I have come to drink here many times and have enjoyed it thoroughly each and every time.The eating, though?  Not so much.  The food was average at best, but very overpriced.  I remember the restaurant being mostly dead, but service being slow.  My overall opinion of The Casbah (which had been so high) dropped a lot that night.So, go late for some nummy drinks.  Skip dinner.
2	Went to Casbah on a recent Saturday night- we were seated upstairs which is a very pretty, well-lit casual space.  My friend and I ordered the vegetarian platter for two- but they were out of tabouli and substituted (something).  The hummus and baba ghanouj were very good, pitas were plentiful, the falafel-pucks were interesting, but overall the quality of the food was mediocre.  Not awful, but not memorable.  Service, though- was memorable and not in a good way.  I get that the building is multi-storied, and maybe that's why it takes so long to get your drinks or more pita, or your check.  I won't say we'll never be back, I'm just not in a hurry.
4	The Casbah is expensive, but for the most part you get what you pay for.  The decor upstairs is lovely; everything is all twinkly and seems to get twinklier as your senses are enhanced by the richly spiced food and darn good cocktails.  Vegetarian entrees are in a separate section of the menu.  My favorites are the lentil soup, the m'hamra, the vegetarian platter, and the spinach pie.  I also love a cocktail called the Gypsy--it is lemon and orange juice with vodka and Benedictine, and it's always made just tart enough.My only gripe is that their website says they're open on Sundays, but one Sunday evening I walked all the way out there in the snow to find they were closed.
3	2/13/10 UPDATE:  Maintaining a 3-star rating, but related to their generally not very good service, warning vegans and allergy-sufferers to STAY AWAY.  We ate there a couple of weeks ago with a friend who is vegan, and therefore made very sure to let the waiter know that she did not want a particular side that included yogurt.  When they brought up the plates, hers had the yogurt dish on it.  She very pleasantly explained the problem to the waiter, who took her plate away and returned about 10 minutes later... with visible traces of the yogurt still on the plate, around the side with which they had replaced it.  She did eventually get a plate that had not been contaminated (as far as we know), but if you had, say, a serious food allergy I would NOT trust the Casbah waitstaff not to kill you.The food is excellent--well-seasoned and the meat is always succulent, and their rice and couscous have lovely flavor.  I love the lentil soup and always order it with dinners.  (UPDATE: Had the balaklavah recently with a special and it was INCREDIBLY dry.  Avoid.)The $$ price category fits, but just barely--I find that a dinner for two, with one of us drinking, generally runs us about $65 once you add on the tip.  The food is good, but I find the waitstaff are often awkward in various ways.  This last time that we went, the waitress told us we could sit upstairs or downstairs, which I assumed was the ground level but apparently was the basement.  I still don't know why she wouldn't just seat us on the ground floor, which was completely empty.  The upper story is nicely decorated but I always feel like I've been stashed in someone's attic.Also, although I like their wine selection, I had to give up on their cocktails after having several that were just not to my taste.  They're a bit on the expensive side, although I will say they are pretty strong--sometimes TOO strong, which might contribute to the taste issue (and it's not that I don't like strong drinks, but it gets to the point that it overwhelms all other flavors).
1	My husband and I went here for a "nice" dinner.  We were very disappointed.  The food was BLAND, the service terrible.  I'd say don't bother.
4	I was a bit leary of going here after reading the review but LOVED it!   Yes the basement has a bit of a musty smell but it a very cute and fun environment sitting down there.  I have been back there 3 times now and have sat downstairs twice and upstairs once.  The food is authentic and amazing!!!!  The price is very reasonable!  I feel bad for the wait staff having to run up and down the stairs for everything.  The service is a bit slow but it is probably because the place is not set up geographically nice for the wait staff.  I will go back (as I already have a couple times).
1	As a huge fan of Mediterranean food, I am disappointed that I will not be going back to the Casbah. This is even more disappointing since this is the only Mediterranean restaurant in a reasonable walking distance from my office for lunch. I have given the Casbah three opportunities to make me a devoted fan. Every time I have placed a to-go order, it has either been the wrong order or on two occasions the chicken was raw.
5	One of the best Mediterranean restaurants in Madison. Nothing beats their kebabs!
