2	This was an OK hotel.  The things that I enjoyed about it were the continental breakfast, and the pool.  The rooms were comfortable enough and clean.  What I didn't enjoy was the fact that there was no fan in the restroom, and there was no plastic liner on the shower-curtain, causing a huge water spill from the shower.  The floors in the bathroom combined with the inevitable water spill is a lawsuit waiting to happen.  I probably wouldn't stay here again.
4	I was here on an overnight trip to Tucson. We stayed here after looking for a couple of hotels in the area. The room we got, 330 was clean and organized. The sheets and pillows were all neat, the tables organized, and the bathroom sparkling clean. The breakfast wasn't bad either. And I left feeling happy.
4	This place was very nice, in my opinion.  My fiancee and I stayed in 325, which was very clean and organized.  There were little things which were sort of laughable, but not a grievance, such as this being a room with a king-size bed for two, but only having one set of shampoo and conditioner.  And the television is a nice, wide LCD screen hooked up with the typical F-Connector BNC cable which ancient TV's used (probably due to distribution limitations of cable TV over an entire hotel) and this results in a poor quality picture.The real problem issues were there being no secondary liner behind the shower curtain causing the water to spill onto the floor easily, and this is dangerous because the tub is not sunk into the floor a few inches as it would be in a residential home so it's a BIG step down which threw me off and almost caused me to slip.  And the water pressure was REALLY low which does not result in a satisfying shower experience.  My fiancee and her long hair REALLY weren't happy about THIS! :-)But I really loved this hotel.  It was pleasant to stay in, the pool was great, and the staff were super-friendly and accommodating ("more shampoo and conditioner, please" "I need the internet access code, please")  The continental breakfast was pretty good.  You can make your own waffles, which are tasty, on actual waffle irons.  Unfortunately, the eggs are pretty salty, perhaps they are powdered eggs.  But the sausage patties are good.  The fruit bowl and bagels are good.I would recommend this place!
3	This place was fine for what I needed.  I was staying in the area for a half marathon.  And just needed a room for the night.It is near the 60 which is nice and the breakfast in the morning was good.  The bed was a little uncomfy.  And it is next to a sports bar/restaurant.  So unfortunately around 130 am I heard people yelling.  It didn't last long though.Overall, decent price.  Free breakfast and free wireless.  It was good for what I needed.
3	Good continental breakfast in the morning.  Ok workout room.  Ok swimming pool.  Rooms were clean and the beds were really comfortable!  The front desk lady was super nice too!
4	Rates up there with other Hamptons.
4	In & out with a sack breakfast. Old style Hampton but the room was clean and the bed was nice. The TV and the service or cable system was old school and kind if sucked. OK 4 stars!!
3	Ah, the Jeff Hotel. Or more correctly, the "Jeff Hotel, Hotel." The fact that I am writing this review at 5:45am instead of sleeping should tip you off to its conclusion. My wakeup call inexplicably occurred at 4:45am instead of the requested 7am, and after trying to fall back asleep on the dusty, trampoline-like bed, I gave up. It's not like the whole purpose of the hotel is for sleeping.Other cons: Uncomfortable pillows. Two towels. Single-liner shower leads some to spill water everywhere. The name seems to confuse everyone, so forget about your cab driver having ever heard of this hotel, as the lack of a lighted sign (or almost any outdoor lighting) guarantees a festive nighttime argument with your cab driver about yes, this is where you are going, and yes, I'm sure, and no, I haven't ever heard of "Jeff Hotel" either, and yes, I agree it sounds like a Middle Eastern telecom company, and no, I'm not just making it up, and yes, why don't you pull up to that large dark building over there and I'll hop out and see if it's the right place.Upsides: Cheap price. Good sized room. Coffee maker in the room. Varied and plentiful albeit mediocre free breakfast. Free wifi. Hours of amusement trying to pronounce and spell "Jaffotel." Front desk person was nice. Very close to where I have 8 hours of meetings today.In short, if you can sleep like a brick on a bed like a brick, and you know better than to request a wakeup call, then this is a great place. If you're the type who feels a few more dollars is worth a better night's sleep, I'd try somewhere else.
2	Stayed here on 2 occasions. Both times staff were in the back office nowhere to be found. Had to finally say "Hello?" To get a young lady's attention. Check in from there was bleak and bland. Customer service was lacking from the get go. Rooms are decent for the price, but the staff needs work. Not sure if I would return based on the staff alone.
