4	The  people were really friendly, it wasn't expensive. Only complaint is the wait, we waited a little but, but the service over shadowed that.
5	I LOVE this place. After having  an uncomfortable experience at another vet I turned to Yelp and decided this was somewhere I wanted to check out, so when we got a new puppy we decided to start him of fresh here and I'm so happy I did. I have been nothing but pleased with my experience here. The doctor, Dr. Hagewood, is amazing and you can tell she truly loves her job. It is the one vet I have been to who  comes in, spends plenty of time with you, answers any questions, tell you her honest opinion, tells you exactly what she is going to do to  the animal as she does or what she will do when she takes them to the back and last but not least calls you personally the next day to see how everything is going. No not a call from the receptionist but from her. I love it. I can imagine going anywhere else after this. If I really had to complain about anything it would have to be the blonde woman at the front desk, you can tell she is disorganized, scatter brained and totally unsure of her self. Shes made me wait before in front of her to make a call to someone about making a mistake in the file, dog marked as a female who was neutered. Please never reveal your mistakes to other customers and never make a phone call over speaking with a client that is already in front of you. Also if you go here and let them know that a current customer sent you TWO great things happen. 1. you get a complimentary Exam and 2. the current customer gets 10 bucks of their next visit!
1	I work with a rescue group in town and am fostering a pet dog. The dog was pulled from the Leid Kill shelter, but shortly after having her, I noticed she was in heat! Since Lied is supposed to spay/neuter any dogs that get adopted out, I figured maybe in their daily rush of surgery's they forgot this one. So I took this small female dog is Park just to have the vet look and tell me if she was indeed spayed or not so I could contact Lied. The receptionist wouldnt even let me see the doctor, or ask the doctor to come out. She told me that she'd have to write up a file and have to charge me an office visit. Really!? I'm here on behalf for a rescue, just needing to confirm if this dog was fixed so that it could be taken care of one way or another.This vet is like so many others. All they want is your money and dont care about the animal. It takes 5 seconds to look at a dogs stomach and tell if it was fixed. And they wanted to charge me $45 for that!!! I will never recommend this place all due to this receptionist. Vets can be good, but that doesnt mean they wont charge you for every little thing. They are a rip off!!!!
3	I have been going here for many years.   Sadly over the past 2 years they have started requiring every shot in the book on an annual basis... Influenza?  With under a 1% in NV reporting of dogs with influenza you are going to mandate this?  Every time I took one of my dogs in there, I left with a $200 -  $300+ bill... CRAZY!!!  Even when I would take all 4 of my dogs at once, they charged an office visit for each one...  those visits cost so much, I would be wondering how to pay the bills for the next month!  So sad as I really liked this place before they got greedy.  I'm sad I need to look for a new vet.
5	We recently had a sick bird who we took to this location and unfortunately it was too late for them to do anything as she had died once we arrived but the doctor went out of her way to come out of surgery to see her and tell us why she passed. The entire staff was extremely kind and we even received a small package from the hospital containing a card of condolence and a beautiful poem about loss. This was very unexpected and above and beyond anything I have ever encountered from a vet in the past and cannot say thank you enough to them. I HIGHLY recommend this hospital to anyone with a pet as it's hard to find strangers who genuinely care about your pet and you. Thank you so very much.-Jennifer & George
5	I have been with Park Animal for 17 yrs.. When i first got there Dr. Justin Pitts was my vet and when he left in 2007 i felt i was going to have to drive my dogs to Reno to see him. But i met Dr.C (Dominic Cacioppo). He has always been awesome but not until this year have i REALLY NEEDED HIM. And i have to say theres not enough love for this man. My little girl Ramses had a rare disease and until the end I never felt like another number. He has a love for animals and you just know. Theres vets out there that you get weird vibes from, it doesnt click. But here with Dr. C you know. I wouldnt go anywhere else but Reno..
5	We recently took our 5 month old boxer Phoebe to Dr. C because she had been hit by a car and her femur was broken.  We weren't sure she was going to survive, let alone walk again.  We took her to them, they were open on Sunday, which was totally great.  They kept her for a few days until we could decide what to do for her.  Dr. C said he would be able to operate on her leg and we went ahead with the surgery.  They kept her for a few weeks after her surgery, to ensure the best possible outcome for recovery.  We were super happy about it because we have a two boys at home (a 2yr and a 4yr old) that would be hard to explain to them why they can't play with her and why she can't get out of her crate.Phoebe was released to us just before Christmas and she is doing great.  Her leg is healing and a pin was placed in her leg to stabilize it.  In a couple more weeks she will have the pin removed and then she will be on the road back to normal.  So far she is doing great at home.  She still needs to be confined, but she is putting weight on her leg and she is antsy to move around and play.  We know she will make a full recovery and for that we are truly indebted to Dr. C, Dr. Beckus and Dr. Mizrahi (I'm hoping I spelled their names correctly) and the entire staff at Park Animal Hospital.  They know what they are doing and they care about animals.Thank you!!
1	Extremely long wait.... Appointment was made at 4:00pm but in the waiting room for literally An hour and a half. (Still waiting) if you have better things to do in your life DO NOT Come here!!!!!!!
4	I work with a rescue group here in town and was introduced to Park through them.  I have to say this place is great.  They really do care about their patients and their owners.You can drop your pet off in the morning and pick them up after work or whenever it is convenient for you or you can hang out with your pet for their appointment.  This is really great for working parents. They also have onsite grooming services.  Just think, the full service vet!!
5	I have liked every person I have talked to there but their new veterinarian,  Dr. Josh, really goes out of his way to help.  I never feel rushed in person or on the phone when he is answering my hundred questions.   My only complaint is that some of the rooms are freezing cold.  I was there in summer clothes last time trying to cuddle my cat for warmth!
5	This place is great! My wife and I have been taking our Shih Tzu here for about 2 years now, ever since we moved to Henderson. The staff and the Vets are FANTASTIC! They take care of him like he is family and they truly care abouot how he is and his well being. We can also get him groomed after he is done with the Vet, and the groomers are awesome. He went to numerous other groomers before we found Park, and he would not be nice to them. When we come here, he actually pulls me to get to the groomers!  I wish I would have known about this place sooner because we would have driven across town to come here. Highly Recommend!
2	Looking for a new vet.Used to be great years ago until Dr. Wright left and moved to Reno. Now seems to be a revolving door of young vets with no continuity of care. Easy to make an appointment but short on thoughtful medical advice and limited follow through. With so many vets in the area, it is a virtual certainty that you can find a convenient one with better care for your dog or cat.
1	Used to be good, now its awful.  Vets seem inexperienced and very eager to put your pets under the knife.  I took my dog in for a tummy ache, the next day he was dead!  DO NOT GO HERE!
5	Dr. C. is THE. BEST. VET. EVER!!  He is the most compassionate, wonderful vet I have ever met.  He cared and treated for my guinea pig, Nibbles, for 3 weeks and tried to save her life with everything he could.  He was amazing and even performed an autopsy on her after she passed just to give me peace of mind that there really was nothing else we could do.  Thank you so very much Dr. C.  I couldn't have asked for a more wonderful vet.
