2	This jewelry shop is right at my bus stop, so I've had ample opportunities to stare at the jewelry featured in their window displays. From the outside, it seems like a nice enough shop.  But when I finally stepped in to have a broken necklace fixed, my experience was rather underwhelming. The staff did not come across as particularly friendly or helpful. The day when I showed up, there were already a few customers waiting to pick up their things. No staff member seemed to be attending them and no one bothered to greet me.  It was not clear how the staff maintained an order of service since they didn't seem to keep track when different customers came in. When I finally did get to talk to them, my impression didn't improve. The  attitude they project was one of disdain -- as if you should be grateful to them for being willing to consider fixing your unworthy jewelry. I was a little surprised by how much they charge for restringing a necklace, but I was more surprised by how long I had to leave the necklace with them  (they wanted at least two weeks).  Although they wrote out the ticket with "ASAP" emblazoned across, as far as I can tell, it was meaningless. They promised to call after a week to let me know where things are, but they never did. When I stopped by to check on the progress, they just told me that it was started (so I couldn't just get the necklace back) but it was not done. They promised once more to call me in a few days.  Yeah right. The store is closed more often than it's open. I really wish I tried the other jewelry repair shop on Murray.
2	The necklace was fixed within the two week period they promised, though they never did contact me when it was ready. I had to be proactive and call them. A final wrinkle was that their weekday hours (11:30am -- 5:30pm) are really inconvenient for people who work.The restringing job was ok, though right now the beads don't line up straightly. They said that this is an artifact of tightness from the restringing and that it should go away. I hope they are right. They put on a silver clasp, which surprised me a little because I had assumed it was going to be gold (the old clasp was gold). We didn't discuss it before hand, so I don't think they did anything wrong. Still, my overall experience was not entirely satisfactory.2.5 stars.
2	I am going to have to concur with the previous reviewer on this one.  Although I think they were perfectly friendly towards me, I certainly also had to be proactive about getting my jewelry back, and I was also surprised at the cost.  I had two clip on earrings converted to posts, which I would consider to be a relatively easy thing to do.  They told me they would call me to tell me when to come and pick it up, and gave themselves a window of two weeks.  I finally called after three weeks, and they told me it would be done in a few days.  It was almost as though if I hadn't called, they would have forgotten to do it, but because I called, they remembered.  I thought that was odd.That being said, the quality of the work is superb.  The guy seemed genuinely interested in whether I was happy with his handiwork, so that was nice, but I agree - the pricing seems unreasonably high, and the service does not convey a concern for the customer.  The hours are also nonsensical.  I MIGHT come back again, but I might not.
3	I found this place after doing some Google searches for watch repair in Pittsburgh. I had a really nice watch gifted to me a few years back, but I didn't find myself wearing it very much, as it was a little too big. Since it's 2012 and we all need to step our game up, I decided to have some links taken out of the watchband and replace the battery in the watch.I choose this place because, it was the most convenient location for watch repair that I could find. I took my watch in about an hour before the end of the day on Friday. I thought that the job could have been accomplished easily and quickly, but the owner told me I would have to come back the next day...A word of caution, my watch was wound and working and several links had been removed as promised. However, as I tried the watch on I noticed that one of the pins was not in place properly. It just seemed a little off center. If an untrained eye could note this, a master watchmaker certainly should have been able to do the same. Had I not noticed this, my very expensive watch would have most probably met with a most untimely demise as it plummeted towards the nearest sidewalk. The owner was quick to fix this error, but did not seem very apologetic.The price, $20, was fair and the work acceptable in the end.
1	Terrible experience. I have taken watches to these guys over the years because I believe in supporting local business. I have never been totally pleased with their work, but it has been acceptable in the past. Recently, however...I took a mechanical/automatic watch for repair, was given an estimate of about 200-250, and a time frame of 10 weeks. Twelve weeks later I called to ask for the watch. I left a phone number to be called back. Three days later, I called again. Same story. Finally after the 5th attempt the watch maker called me to tell me that he had not been able to find the parts to fix the watch, that he will have to "make" them himself, and that it is going to cost me between $650-750. I retrieved the watch because it was not worth that much, and sent it to a reputable watchmaker in Cincinnati. This is cut and paste from the email I received from the Cincy watchmaker:"Sounds like he really had no interest in doing the job.  I'm not aware of a single part that anyone would have to "make" for a basic 7750 like this...virtually everything is available.  Some of it isn't cheap anymore, but it can be obtained.I didn't find anything obvious upon disassembly."The watch was fixed, no new parts were needed, total cost: $150.Moral: don't go there if you need a watch fixed.
4	I have taken numerous pieces to Michael for repairs. He does take longer than most but he and his wife,Tina have never been anything but nice to me. They remember my name when I go in and are very personable. If you need it immediately, they are probably not the place to go but I have never been disappointed with his work and his prices are very reasonable.
