5	The best way to end a 4 day trip to Vegas is a pedicure & manicure. My friend and I couldnt wait to get to the McCarren Airport so we arrived super early to give us enough time to relax. We were promptly greeted and was escorted to one of their many massage chairs. After relaxing for a few moments, Veronica began my pedicure. Now....ladies...after 3 days of walking around in flip-flops and then high heels/stilettos all night..our feet are tired..right? Veronica was the best...she made me feel comfortable and after informing her that I was diabetic, she was very gentle with my feet. Great experience!My friend and I left Xpress Spa totally relaxed and ready to fly back home. Thank you Xpress Spa!!
5	Amazing... I had too much time to kill before my flight and got tired of eating bad food and perusing the magazine racks and wandering into xpress spa.  Great menu with lots of travel friendly options (like massages in 15, 30, 45, and 60 min increments).  I got a 45 min massage and it was perfect.  She didn't get lotion in my hair and I didn't feel greasy/yucky on the flight home.  Nice ending to my trip.
4	Good relaxing massage. Pricey but it is in an airport in Vegas. $55 for 1/2 hour, neck, shoulder and back. You can get shorter or longer ones and even foot massages. Always wanted to try this place and glad I did. Workers are pretty nice answered any questions I had. My masseuse Patricia was very good, loosened up my stiff neck and shoulders.
3	The pedicure was okay. I've honestly had much better and I think you'd get much better service anywhere but here. The pedicure is the bare minimum at a high price. Get yours done before killing timeAt the airport for a better experience.
4	My visit to Las Vegas was for a massage festival. To end my trip and before I went to my gate for my flight home, I stopped by the Xpress Spa at the McCarran Int'l Airport in the D gate area. I received a 15 minute foot massage. Not only did my feet got pampered, but I was in one of those massage chair that gives a massage, too. The therapist I had was great, gave the right pressure and very relaxing before the 6 hour flight back home. A good addition, besides the typical food court, souvenir shops at the airport. :)
5	My lawyer and I visit this spa on many occasions in last few months. The last couple of visits really SUCKED for me! I just left the spa and met this AMAZING woman named Kathy D. She was the BEST MT I ever had there. She worked all the areas hard and knocked out the kinks. Luckily my flight was delayed. My original plan of $60 turned to $170 and let me tell you - She was worth EVERY CENT!!!
5	Just had a massage this morning with Isela and it was AMAZING! I think the best airport massage I have EVER had (and that has been a lot.). Highly, HIGHLY recommend her! It was paradise and she worked a spot in my shoulder muscle that had been bothering me for weeks completely out. What a way to start my travels home and the weekend.
5	I had a 30 minute neck and foot massage and walked to my gate afterwards feeling so relaxed and happy. I would highly recommend getting to the airport ahead of time just so you have a chance to go here. The prices are fair and very professional staff. Jhern was my massage therapist and she was awesome. She really took her time to listen to me and
1	This place is overpriced overrated the management is so unprofessional I suggest you skip it !
