3	I had heard good things about LFC for awhile, so I was looking forward to its opening of this new location. After several weeks of delays, it finally opened this past Saturday. I waited until Wednesday to stop by. Good news and bad news about this place. Lets start with the good. The chicken tastes great. It is very flavorful, with just a little amount of spice to it..And afterall, the chicken is why we go to a chicken place, right? The dirty rice and the fried okra were both pretty good as well.  Now the not so good news- The chicken pieces were on the small size. I ordered a 3 piece mixed combo. I got a small wing, a small drumstick and a small thigh. The menuboard says the combos come with your choice of two sides. I chose dirty rice and fried okra. After paying and getting my receipt, I noticed that I was charged $7.19 while the menu said $6.99. I mentioned the difference in price, and was told it was because the okra is a more expensive side. I completely understand that, but shouldn't it be mentioned on the menuboard that some sides may require an upcharge? The "bread" that comes with the combos is a pretty standard, premade roll, similar to a Kings Hawaiian sweet roll.  The fried okra was freshly fried after I ordered it, but is probably straight out of the freezer bag. It was good. The dirty rice also was good, but nothing great.Bottom line--would I return or recommend this place to others--Yes.. The chicken is very flavorful. I would try some different sides next time to see if they are better. They also offer some desserts such as cobbler, lemon cake, etc which I will try at another time. My biggest suggestion to them, if possible, would be to try to get a slightly larger sized chicken.
4	Bad news. VERY bad news. A friend sent me a text last week that this location opened. When the only Louisiana Fried Chicken in town was on Baseline, it was far enough to avoid. I had to REALLY be craving fried chicken to get down there. But 40th St. and Thomas?  That's too close! I gained 5 pounds reading the damn text!I went in today - got a 3 piece combo (comes with 2 small sides, a roll and a drink) for lunch at work today and an 8 piece combo (with 2 large sides and 6 rolls) for the house.LOVE THIS CHICKEN!!  As the reviewer before me pointed out - these are not huge pieces of chicken. They are average, normal, what size chickens are supposed to be pieces of chicken. And the batter has AMAZING flavor!The menu board lists all the available sides - some for slightly extra - but all quite tasty. Not just fried chicken! They are also grilling the chicken, and have shrimp and fish options as well.It's not the cheapest in town, and there are some full service restaurants around that may do the chicken better (I would still choose LoLo's or Tuck Shop for chicken and waffle over LFC's chicken and waffle) - but as far as fast food fried chicken goes - LFC is worlds better than KFC, Popeye's or Church's.It's fantastic that there's now a Louisiana Fried Chicken so close to my place - but now I have to learn will power - and FAST!Aside - I am sure this will be changing - but right now, the place is still really new. All the equipment is clean and shiny - and the walls are still bare. Hoping they get some stuff up on the walls. Louisiana stuff, chicken stuff, paintings of fruit...whatever!
5	I saw the orange sign the other day while in the area and I thought it was worth checking out.  I'm a fan of Cane's down the street and the neighborhood can always use another fried chicken place that isn't KFC.  I would compare the menu to that of Popeye's but you can tell they take a lot more pride in what they are doing.  I didn't feel like messing with the bone so I ordered a 4 piece chicken strip combo that came with two sides and a roll.  I ordered the dirty rice and cole slaw as a side just because I didn't want two starches as my sides.  It only took a few minutes and when they called out my number I was greeted by a steaming order of  perfectly battered chicken strips and two decent size sides.  I'd bet my life on the roll being fresh from a pack of King's Hawaiian Rolls.  The gentleman preparing my meal was even thoughtful enough to put a side of hot sauce (like Louisiana Hot Sauce but maybe a touch thinner) on my tray and asked me if I wanted ranch and bbq.  Well done, I'll give these guys some credit and I hope it sticks around.  It's exactly what I thought it would be when I saw the sign and walked in the door.
4	I went back tonite for more LFC. This time, the chicken pieces seems to be a little bit bigger than last time. The menu now has a disclaimer saying that some sides may incur an additional charge.  That was two of my gripes on my first visit, so check and check.. This time, I ordered an 8pc with 2 large sides...As stated above, chicken was bigger, and it was hot and moist..perfectly seasoned. For sides, I ordered the sweet corn nuggets and mac and cheese. They had run out of mac and cheese and had to make more. It took about 10 minutes to make. Was it worth the wait? It was fresh, REAL macaroni and cheese, baked in the oven, not some "out of the box" variety. It was made with real cheese, as witnessed by the stringy cheese when eaten. My comment here is that I prefer a more creamy variety than what it was. But it definitely was better than Kraft mac & cheese in a box. The sweet corn nuggets were incredible. Not sure if they are something they make fresh or if it comes out of a freezer bag, but they were delicious little morsels. Nuggets of corn kernals, surrounded by a light crunchy coating and deep fried. I wanted to try out their fried shrimp, so I got an "add on" of 4 fried shrimp ($1.99). At first view, I was disappointed. What I got were 4 very small (think MAYBE 45-50 sized shrimp). They were not even butterflied, which would have made them appear bigger). But upon tasting them, I really enjoyed the flavor. They appeared to be freshly breaded (is it the same seasoned flour used for the chicken?) and were very tasty. My suggestion here would be to 1) butterfly the shrimp and 2) get a slightly larger shrimp (even if it means a price increase). With my second trip to LFC, I am becoming an even bigger fan..Tasty chicken, good sides, a clean restaurant, and nice employees.
4	I work up the street from this new location and had been waiting for an chance to try it. Wow, what a pleasant change of pace. Delicious, spicy breading. The fish will become a weekly staple for me. Next week I will try the shrimp and the corn nuggets. If they are anywhere close to the greatness of the chicken and fish I will have a difficult time deciding without over-ordering. The best fried chicken around this area!
3	The sides are like KFC but a bit more homemade style.  Mac and cheese was good, cole slaw was actually better than KFC and the mashed potatoes and gravy was almost exactly the same.  I like the hawaiin roll that comes with the chicken.  The breading seemed good and the chicken was fried right.  However, I'd opt for more flavor in there.All in all, definitely not bad, but can't wait to try the fish and shrimp.
4	Saw this on television, 50% off, all entrees. Got the 8PC with 2 sides. Got coleslaw and rice & gravy. Yum, yum, yum...the breaking a little too spicy for the roommate, but got the hot sauce and I'm in chicken heaven. Will have to go back for fish, shrimp & gumbo. Wish they had greens, but the Mac & cheese and corn nuggets will do also.
4	My disdain for KFC and Church's aside, this is officially the best fried chicken I've had in a REALLY long time! When it comes to homestyle fried chicken, I'm all about Stacy's Pit Stop. But when I need it fast and cheap, I'm a Popeye's girl all the way. Considering that the closest Popeye's is in Tempe, I wasn't left with many choices - until now. Louisiana Fried Chicken falls somewhere in between the two, but you shouldn't scoff because it is AMAZING! PROS: The batter is crisp and doesn't slide off the entire piece of chicken when you take your first bite (I'm guessing it's a wet batter?), the chicken is well seasoned all of the way through, and best of all, the chicken isn't swimming in grease when it hits the box. The corn nuggets are TO DIE FOR and the dirty rice is spicy, well-seasoned, and pretty decent (although I prefer my own, wallowing in bacon grease...) The hawaiian sweet rolls compliment the spicy/salty chicken and sides perfectly, and although I didn't get a single bite of mashed potatoes and gravy, the husband didn't seem to have any complaints. They also don't skimp on the Louisiana hot sauce; we had plenty of containers left over to go with the remaining chicken!CONS: No mac and cheese. We hear it's made fresh daily from scratch with six different cheeses, but this dish somehow alludes us. I took away one star because I've read that other people have had this same issue, and my thing is - if you keep running out, KEEP MAKING MORE! I can't wait to try it someday. I will likely call in my takeout order 40 minutes ahead next time, so they have ample opportunity to bake more mac and cheese just for me. There wasn't any sweet tea offered on the menu, but when I peeked over by the beverages, I spotted a Golden Peak tea dispenser. I didn't try it, but from what I remember, Golden Peak sweet tea didn't strike my fancy the last time I tried it. I love that Stacy Phipps brews his sweet tea fresh, and I really, really wish LFC did too because that would just send me sailing over the edge.  I can't wait to go back for more! I'm not quite sure about the people griping on prices. I've paid twice as much for chicken that wasn't half as good. At $20 for 12 pieces, 2 sides, and 6 rolls - this quality fried chicken is a STEAL. Next time, I'm hoping to get some of that fabled mac and cheese, and to try some of their desserts, but for the sake of my appetite, I hope LFC sticks around for a while!
5	An addendum to my previous review... After further examination of LFC upon my second visit, I have decided to increase my previous judgment of 4 stars to a total of 5 stars. Although they seem to always be running out of mac and cheese, and they do NOT have fresh brewed sweet tea, I'm convinced by the quality of their cheesy golden mac and cheese (and their excellent customer service) that they deserve the 5th and final star. The mac and cheese takes 35 minutes to make so CALL AHEAD! It is well worth the wait. The noodles are perfectly al dente, the cheese blend is unbelievable, and the entire dish was immaculately seasoned. I suggest eating it while it's HOT because that real cheese coagulates at room temperature (unlike the fake cheesy crap in the boxes) - but honestly, when I microwaved the second container the next day it still tasted great! Louisiana Fried Chicken, congratulations - you are the real thing.
4	Delicious. As the product of two Louisianians, the glee I felt when I saw the sign so close to my home can only be described as...gleeful. The aroma that hit me as I waltzed gleefully through their door made me swoon. I got so excited that I lost my mind while ordering. The following is what happened (even though I was only ordering for 2 people...yes, two actual full-grown people, not at all related to the snide euphemism of 'eating for two' that people seem to be throwing around these days when rudely implying that pregnant women shouldn't feel free to pig out every once in a while. Go on preggies, eat whatever you want. I won't judge.)Anyway, what I heard coming out of my mouth was: #5 Value Pack, all white meat, rolls, 10 piece shrimp, dirty rice, fried okra, macaroni & cheese, lemon cake, and jeebus forgive me for my gluttony, peach cobbler. Other than the sides and dessert, everything else was made fresh (don't get me wrong, the sides and desserts were fresh, but they weren't made-to-order, per se), so I sat myself down, enjoyed whatever college game was playing on their TVs, and settled in for my takeout. Once I got it to the car, the smell overwhelmed me and I went...ever so slightly...bat guano crazy attacking the okra. It was perfection. None of those evil, weird, chewy pieces that sometimes show up when ordering from other not-to-be-named places that also serve fried okra with chicken. The shrimp was not my favorite (but to be fair, I'm a little weird about shrimp to where it needs to be cooked ever so slightly more than most places do...it's about the texture people...I know this about myself, so I'm not going to complain), but the chicken stole the show. The prices are reasonable, especially if you go in knowing that this is NOT drive-thru assembly line chicken, it's really really good and fresh.
2	One word can describe my last two visits (including last night) DISAPPOINTED. After many happy visits to LFC, I am now disappointed. On my visit a couple of weeks ago, I received very small pieces of chicken. Still flavorful and delicious, but tiny.. I thought maybe it was just a fluke. I went back again last nite and got an 8 piece dinner. I even told the person at the counter how last time the chicken was tiny and if it was good sized or not today. He said it was fine. Well, he was wrong. The leg was honestly smaller than the wing drummette you get at most places. The thigh had about three bites of meat on it. The wing looked like it came off a pigeon. And to make matters worse, the chicken was missing its flavor. It tasted like it either wasn't marinated long enough or else someone substituted plain flour in place of the seasoned flour.. Come on now guys. I have been singing your praises to anyone who will listen. But after last night, I wouldn't recommend you to anyone. What is going on here?
3	I'm no connoisseur to "southern" fried chicken but I can only compare it to LoLo's, the more popular chain here.  For me the difference was in the waffle.  If it was crispier, I would have given them 1 more star.  Now, chicken-to-chicken, LoLo is slightly crispier.  Overall, I enjoyed the chicken.  It had a light, thin batter with a fragrant of various spices and herbs.  The meat was not as juicy but was moist enough.  I ordered their 4 piece (thigh, leg, wing, and breast) meal with waffle which came out to approx $10.  It came with 2 sides of syrup and liquid butter.  That's right, liquid butter.  The menu is quite extensive, so one can't be bored with just fried chicken.  I would not mind making a return if I'm in the mood for chicken and waffles.
2	Honestly! Popeyes, is much better than what I had this evening.  The dirty rice was blah, and the chicken you don't have a choice between mild or spicy.  Needless to say the chicken left my pallet spiced out! The combo was suppose to include Leg with a thigh or wing.  I got a breast and a leg.  Now to some people that's bonus but I'm not a white meat person.  I love my chicken dark.......  The dinner roll, feels that it came out of the package of a Kings Hawaiian Rolls  compare that to Popeyes, buttermilk biscuitsI'm dissappointed that if you want mac and cheese as your side you have to buy  that side.  It's not an option available for combos.   I'll have to try the mac and cheese next to see if it worth going there for that, but I would prefer my chicken from Popeyes....
2	Not impressed with the food overall. The breading for chicken had too much herb and not much spice. I enjoyed the fries the most-paprika-based seasoning. Cole slaw was ok. Roll was out of a package like they go to Fryes to get them. Sweet potato pie was ok, again pre-packaged. Restaurant appeared clean and taken care of. Small but steady lunch crowd when I was there. Friendly staff. Good value.  Will I go back? No but I'm glad I tried it.
3	Eh...it's ok. The chicken and okra were seasoned good, so that's a plus. My husband does not like the portions; he ordered catfish and he got two lil' flimsy pieces and a soggy roll. One thing I didn't like was that the guy at the register really looked like he didn't want to be there and we were bothering him by ordering food. He may have been upset about the car accident that he'd got in recently (heard his animated story while waiting). The guy that was putting our food together was really nice. I'd suggest larger portions (even if it adds a couple cents) and maybe crack a smile every now and then, geez!
4	Nice find. I ordered the two-piece with waffle and "upgraded" to white meat. The fried chicken was as good as I've ever eaten. Big, hot & juicy pieces. A nice level of heat & spice without going overboard. The waffle was just kind of "meh". My father-in-law chowed down his chicken and enjoyed his fried okra and mashed potatoes. It's a fast-food set-up, but probably took 10-15 minutes to get our food on a Sunday at 6:15. No worries, I'll assume that's because they were cooking to order. Very sweet & polite register operator who was very patient while my 75 year-old FIL tried to understand and navigate the menu. Some typical fast-food mis-steps -- no plastic knives out on the floor to cut the waffle, had to go back ask for that. Forgot to hand me butter & syrup for the waffle, had to go back & ask for that. All in all, though, well done. I'll be back.
3	I have eaten here several times and if I had written this review a few weeks ago it would have been a bit better. But we went for dinner last night it seems things are changing...and not for the better. The guys who used to work behind the counter were fun and friendly but they have been replaced by a new woman who looks, and acts, like she hates the world. While the food was a tasty as every the portions are getting much smaller. That really isn't that bad, it was still enough for a full dinner so I can't complain too much. But what truly topped it off was, as we were sitting there, this new woman behind the counter came out with paper signs proclaiming "No Refills" from the beverages (soda, tea, etc). I personally find that to be one of the most ridiculous things around. There is no way that refills are negatively impacting your sales as the cost of a soda is in the cup itself and not the drink. I feel like it gives the entire place a sense of "you're lucky to be here." as opposed to the fun, family style it had before. I'm seriously disappointed and will definitely be rethinking before I go back again.
1	I actually went here yesterday. I have eaten here several times and have loves it. Yesterday we left wondering WTF happened. I wasted $40 on crap.... Literal crap. It started when I ordered. Asked for wings, were out of wings. Ok we can deal w that. Moved on to the next order. I'd like a side of green beans, oh we're out of them, ok mixed veggies, oh we're out of those too. Oh wow!!! Ok so we improvised and ordered different sides. I got fried fish that was chewy and fatty, my sons chicken strips smelled funny and had a bit of a rotten taste, my guy friends fried chicken was raw in the middle. I was annoyed. We didn't eat our food and I wasn't gonna sit there and cause a stink. I let them know directly about our problems and was offered another piece of chicken. Really? What you gave me already was inedible, why would I want more?? And another piece of chicken??? I spent $40 on stuff that went in the garbage can and a empty stomach. I WILL NEVER IN MY LIFE GO BACK TO THIS PLACE. N E V E R ! ! ! I want to know what happened. I used to love this spot. Now it nauseates me. I'm sad and pissed at the same time.
5	Had 3 piece fish, French fries and cole slaw. Everything was ON POINT! Fish was fried and seasoned perfectly.  Fries were nice and crispy, thin cut. The price is right as well. It was about $8. Can't beat with any fish meal in the area
3	This is true comfort food, incredibly bad for you but tastes great. They need to consider adding something to the menu that won't clog the arteries before getting to the car. That being said it tastes super but if you spend your calories here you spent them all!!!!
5	So I was enjoying a rare shopping day without the kids last weekend and I decided to stop in here for a quick lunch to go, and I'm so glad I did.  The restaurant was spotless and orderly and I encountered the sweetest employee working the register; unfortunately I didn't get her name.  She went out of her way to make my experience pleasant and I really thought she was super cool.  I ordered the 2 piece meal with a soft roll, two sides and a drink ($6.99 +tax).  I selected fried okra and corn nuggets as my sides.  I got a half and half mixture of strawberry and grape Fanta soda from the fountain drink dispenser.  (Don't judge.)First off I'd like to know how it is that I've been on this Earth for 40 years yet I've never had corn nuggets before?  They were amazing deep fried, batter dipped nuggets of sweet corn...  Delicious!  I'd be back for those corn nuggets ALONE, but the fried chicken, the fried okra and the roll were also phenomenal too!  Fact: the soft roll didn't even make it home with me.  I'll add that my husband, who's a part time, half-assed vegetarian, scarfed down the extra piece of fried chicken that I saved for him too.  When I got home I discovered that *somehow* my two piece order magically morphed into a 3 piece order, allowing my husband an opportunity to taste this delicious chicken too... (Thank you! *wink*)  This chicken is crunchy, spicy and perfectly cooked; it's so good it'll make a half-hearted vegetarian fall off the wagon.   Also, it's worth mentioning that they offer chicken and waffle combination plates, and some of their other sides include dirty rice, rice and gravy, macaroni and cheese and so much more.  And yeah, in case you were wondering they also have seafood gumbo, and fried fish and shrimp too.  And their desserts?  Oh Dear Sweet Lord, they have pecan pie, and sweet potato pie and banana pudding and peach cobbler and even Red Velvet Cake!  Louisiana Fried Chicken, piping hot corn nuggets and banana pudding?!  Why are you even still sitting here reading this review??  Go!  Go now!!  So seriously folks, take a look at the other reviews for this place; you have at least 5 Yelp Elite accounts giving this place high reviews, that should speak for something right there.  If you love flavorful fried chicken and you haven't stopped here yet you really should.Also, for the owners, if possible, I'd suggest considering adding a sign down on Thomas Road advertising your presence inside the strip mall.  The current over the door marquee sign isn't very easy to see from the main road unless you are heading westbound (you can't see it heading Eastbound) on Thomas and just happen to look up to your left at the *exact right* time.   Good luck!  I'd sincerely love to see you guys succeed so I can continue to enjoy your delicious food!
2	My son and i got up Sunday and agreed we both wanted mac n cheese. We pulled up about 4 minutes before they opened at noon. When they opened we went in and were greeted by a young lady wearing a Chicago Bears shirt. She turned out to have all the hospitality and charm of a honey badger with a hang over. It honestly felt as though we were not wanted there. The food was fairly standard...nothing special. The mac n cheese we were craving was good at first but then just kinda became blah and gummy. The corner tv blaring way too loud was the only bright spot of the visit.
5	Yummo!   I'm in my happy place right now. This chicken is done right!!!  And granny better watch out cause these waffles put hers out of the running.  Great place. A lot of food for the price.  Would like some gravy to dip my strips in. Keep up the great work my new chicken friends. Almost forgot. The fried okra and mac and cheese are amazing!!!  :-)
1	It saddens me to give such a poor rating because I actually really like the food. It is the customer service, or I guess the lack thereof, that puts my review at one star. I always try to call to place my order which takes several times to get through...EVERY time. I figured out why. A lot of the front of the house staff are wearing ear buds. Back of the house fine; front is unacceptable. I have also been in a few times and my order has been wrong. Whether it is not the type of meat I requested or missing rolls from a dinner package...I don't like when my order is wrong or not ready. I placed an order another time and was asked if I could be there in 15 minutes when it was 8PM and the door said the place closed at 10PM. This time order wrong AGAIN and they wouldn't fix it because they were "closing" due to pest control. I have worked in many restaurants and when they are doing pest control the whole kitchen gets wrapped in plastic and this clearly was not the case. Finally, last night I placed my order from GrubHub as the restaurant has a stack of their business cards out to take, advertising $5 off your first online order. I go to the restaurant at the time the website said the order was to be ready. The girls behind the register gave me SO much attitude saying they didn't get my order. I told them I placed it 20 minutes ago and already paid online. One finally came back and said the prices online are out of date which I told her was not my problem. Don't advertise to order online then, in my opinion. They FINALLY got my order together and were at this point pretty much throwing things in the bag. It is such a shame that these people have been given jobs at what was once a great establishment. My very first experiences were so very positive and the owner/s and staff were always so friendly and upsold in a enticing way. I am guessing there has been a change in ownership and definitely management. So sad...
5	From New Orleans and I love this place.  I haven't had anything bad yet. Pretty sure I ordered everything on the menu already.
1	The food here is really good. I am from Georgia, so I was thrilled to find a good chicken and shrimp place in Phoenix. The problem is the customer service. The employees gather at a table near the soda machine and do not bother to assist in anything. There is so much attitude that it makes you wonder whether they want customers in their shop or not. The manager is nice - but clearly does not know how to control his staff. I want to like this place, I want to LOVE this place - we host dozens of events a year and I would love to trust them with catering orders, but for now - I will stick with the places that want me as a customer. Sorry - this is a missed opportunity, the food is great, but we will not be back
1	I love the food. It was one of my favorite spots. The location off Thomas, off 40th street. But now there is new people that work that work there, and their customer service is beyond horrible. Because of the one female that works there and the way she treat me and my family, I wont return there. They need to bring back the old crew
4	The Short:Southern fried spicy chicken finds a home in the desert. The Pros:- Quality ingredients.- Just the right level of spice.- Great variety of sides. - Waffles!- You can't have waffles without warm syrup! The Cons:- Lack of bargain meal deals.- Service appears disengaged at times.Spice Level:The chicken's breading contains a subtlety warm paprika based flavor that hits its fiery peak during the aftertaste. Suitable for almost all spice affinities. ____________________________________________The Story:I must admit, I have a soft spot for fried chicken. In a bucket resting on top my stomach (badum tish). All joking aside, I have been a fan of Louisiana Fried Chicken (LFC) since discovering its now closed location in southern Phoenix years ago. So, like the buffalo herd moving onto greener pastures, the other LFC junkies and I must now venture to the Thomas Road location. There are some advantages to this. While the new locale can be a bit of a drive for those scattered throughout the Phoenix area, it's an overall nicer venue. That being said, the interior doesn't standout that much from your average fast-food dining room. It's clean but uncomfortable seating is enough to get the job done. Much more than its now deceased Thomas Road brother. What makes LFC stand out is the food. Everything is expertly crafted in unison. The sweetness of the waffles and syrup complement the spice of the fired chicken and the salty-sweet fries accent the simple flavors of the green beans. Wash it all down with a soda pop and your addicted. The chicken's breading contains a subtlety warm paprika based flavor that hits its fiery peak during the aftertaste. Suitable for almost all spice affinities. In many ways, this is my favorite aspect of LFC. I often find myself at odds with friends over where to eat due to my love of spicy food. The smoothness of the ingredients in LFC's culinary ventures make this less of an issue.This isn't a restaurant dedicated to forging an image that matches the connotations associated with the food it serves. It doesn't try to pander to any particular crowd. It's a simple restaurant with a simple goal and because of such can be off-putting to some. My largest complaint is placed largely with the customer service staff. While adequate a majority of time, they rarely aim to surpass expectations. This continued annoyance is what led to the 4-star rating as apposed to a five.Overall, it's a quality friend chicken shack in a town that has a tendency to lack this loved American pastime. Check it out, write a review, and friend me on Yelp!!!
4	Tried this place for lunch with a co-worker.  Good fried chicken with nice flavor and crispness.  Would have rated 5 stars but the chicken portions were a little smallish.  I read the reviews about bad service but I can honestly say that our service experience was pretty good.  Definitely gong back!
2	There's a reason why some places are on Check Please Arizona (Lo Lo's) and others are on Groupon.The sad thing is that I think this place is not far off from being REALLY good.  The interior is nicely designed, but it could really use a good clean.The girl at the counter was not exactly the friendliest.  I think she has lost her passion for the work.The food was painfully average.  The chicken could have been crispier on the outside and juicier on the inside.  The waffle was pretty bad.  I think they just put pancake batter in a waffle iron (which is what I think Lo Lo's does too, and it drives me crazy).  The mac and cheese was pretty decent.The other weird thing is that they have signs outside that mentions all sorts of dishes that they do not mention on the menu indoors.  WTH?Really though - if they could do the chicken better (it's not rocket science - there are plenty of places across the country that manage to do a decent friend chicken) and tidy up the place a bit, they could be well on their way to having an outstanding place.
4	I have pretty much accepted that I am less cool than my 50-something year old dad and have to get restaurant recommendations from him on the regular. Before something is on Yelp, he somehow knows about it. This was the case with Louisiana Fried Chicken.I wanted something different for lunch a couple weeks ago (I work in the Arcadia area and one can only eat Chipotle so many days a week), and I remembered my dad had mentioned this place a while back and said it was really good. I drove out to find it and could not. (This is not a dig at their sign placement, location, etc. I am just terrible at finding places when I'm driving.) After getting something crappy and disappointing for lunch, I talked to a coworker who had been there and he told me exactly where to find it (next to Panda Express). I resolved to get me some fried chicken the next day.I didn't order ahead, just walked in. The girl up front was super friendly and I ordered the breast and wing, with mac and cheese and dirty rice. I must have had a premonition about how good it would be if I ordered mac and cheese, because I am not a mac and cheese fan unless it's made a VERY specific way, and usually fried chicken/soul food places have the only mac and cheese I love. So, I waited for my food, they called my number about 15 minutes later, friendly kitchen guy asked if I wanted hot sauce (not even a hot sauce fan and I said yes), and I was on my way.I got back to my office and the chicken was REALLY tasty. Perfectly crunchy on the outside and the meat was juicy. Dipped it in the hot sauce and it was delish. The mac and cheese was BOMB. Next time I'll just get one piece of chicken and a tub of mac and cheese. (Public fat kid confession.) Dirty rice was also really good (I stirred in some of the leftover hot sauce...oh yeah. Do it). Overall, a really great experience! Will definitely be back.
3	It's pretty good. I'm not sure how much difference there is between this and Popeyes, though?The young woman who took our order was very friendly and knowledgeable. She seemed to be working the hardest. There was a large quantity of chicken cooked and sitting under a warming lamp. I was concerned I was getting chicken that had been sitting around for a while. She assured me the owner/manager knows when the big rushes of people are and the quantity is made accordingly. She said it is tossed after ten minutes if it isn't sold. I don't think that's true, as it took that long to get our food and we ate there, and never saw any chicken discarded. There was a tall guy cooking, and another guy standing around in the back room doing nothing. Our food say under the warmer for a while until I brought it to their attention we were hungry, and the lazy guy from the back packaged it up.Sides - really liked the Mac and cheese (crumb topping would be nice), okra ok. Cole slaw - too sweetDirty rice - not exciting Fish was good, but we weren't asked and would have preferred catfish. Great tartar sauce. Wish the chicken was spicier.We have another Groupon, so we'll go back.It's just OK, though.
4	Chicken is very good. Fish and shrimp are great. Sides are good too but don't leave without a pint or quart of their gumbo. Like lasagna, it's much better the next day after all of the seasoning have soaked into everything.
4	Fresh fingerling cooked to order. That is the Louisiana way. I'm proud to say Groupon is the reason I stopped in. Being a fan of friend chicken there was no way I could pass on this deal.I'v had the pleasure of dining here frequently after using my Groupon coupons. My experience has been 4 1/2 stars. I would give 5 stars but every time I have dropped in for a to go order or dined at the restaurant items I came in for where not available. Other then that all has been well. The establishment is always clean. Even the staff are presentable. There are a variety of items to choose from on the menu. I really like the chicken here. Flavored and seasoned very well. This is not like your traditional KFC it is the real deal. The sides are delicious as well including the waffles. They do have sweet tea that is from a fountain dispenser but it has a great flavor.    There are a couple of TV's for those who want to chill and dine in. Price point of items are very reasonable.
4	Chicken fried up in a delicious even, spicey coating. Hot and tasty. I haven't tried any of the sides. The hot sauce they offer with the chicken is watery but somehow works perfectly. We had to wait 15 mins for our order which explains why it was still super hot when we got home. This is a good alternative to the other chicken joints. And still good for leftovers the day after.
3	I ordered the fried chicken combo. Not really a lot of flavor, but it was hot. The service was quick and friendly, and the restaurant was clean. That being said, I'm not sure if or when I will return, as the food was no tastier than the fried chicken at Fry`s grocery store. I was hoping for better.
3	The cons: The place has zero personality inside, there is no decor. The surrounding area isn't the greatest and I think a lively interior and some Zydeco could make all the difference. The young woman at the counter, as someone else said - was absolutely put out that she had to work, at her job, where she works. The pros: Chicken is decent. I found this on groupon, so I wasn't too disappointed that it wasn't The Best Chicken I've Ever Had In My Life. Even without groupon the price is affordable and the portions are good. The sides are yummy too. (Mac n cheese and sweet potato pie are what I had.) The groupon I bought came with two visits, so I'll go back a second time. But I can't say I'd go out of my way to return after that.
3	I had been hesitant to try this place out because of some bad reviews. So I decided to check it out myself. The fried chicken is really good. The skin is soft and the chicken is juicy. Today's batch fell short, but all the other times I've been here I thought it was excellent.They pride themselves on their Okra and Mac & Cheese sides. I thought their Okra was just okay. I'm not a Mac & Cheese lover so I go with the mashed potatoes, which are adequate.I just wished that they get a little bit more creative in their chicken mix. I rather have a choice of legs and thighs like Popeye's offers. I'm stuck with the breast and wing as well when I order a four piece meal. I also like to address a negative review regarding soda refills; Yes, they allow soda refills.
4	If your on the hunt for some chicken but tired of KFC and church's chicken, this is the place for you.The good I recently purchase a groupon for 11$ which gave me 2 10$ coupons to use here great deal. I ordered the 4 piece chicken tenders fries and sweet corn balls 8.99 plus tax I also ordered and extra biscuit .50c after my groupon my total came out to .21c great deal I get my order about 15 min later as they make it fresh. Man the taste is so unique seems like they season with a lot of pepper so so good. The fries are great but what really stands out is the sweet corn balls man those rungs are so good. The staff has always been nice although sometimes there is only one person there and I feel bad for him, but he is nice and always helpful.The bad This place closes every now and then for weird reasons and some very understandable reasons like the ac being out one time they were closed cause they ran out of chicken. Overall This place is great especially after the groupon and other discounts you can find a def must try for chicken lovers.
4	I was in LFC last night and they announced that they will be closing this week.If you have a Groupon for LFC, you had better use it today or get a refund.
3	Went for lunch and had a rather mediocre experience.  Nothing here stood out as exceptional. I will them a second chance during a future visit and revisit this review. During my first visit I got two items served to me wrong, I found this hard to believe since I was the only customer in shop during my visit. So errors on orders should not be to an extreme minimum to none.  Since I just wanted to eat, I didn't bring this up to the manager/cashier/cook person manning the entire house. The chicken strip I ordered were okay, just breaded and not 'cajun' style....or even southern..vert similar to McDonald's old chicken strips...These were good and yes they were chicken strips. The mashed potatoes with gravy was just that....These little corn nugget things were good. I liked those. Next I'll try the fried chicken......hopefully it isn't greasy.
3	The food was just OK. The mac and cheese was dry and had no flavor. I won't be back
2	It appears the LFC is closed. Last few times I have been by, it has been dark..Sad to see it go.. When it was good, it was really good....just a shame that they were so inconsistent.
