2	I'm torn! I should give this place 1* but gonna give it 2 instead. The first time I ate here was for lunch. I had one of their lunch specials - shrimp in lobster sauce or something like that and the BF ordered crispy chicken without whatever sauce they slather over it. All was mediocre. The servers were nice & friendly and the space was clean. I really wanted to like this place. It was close to home and finding a conveniently good chinese place is a heaven sent. Not too long ago I got sick. I was craving for a nice bowl of Wor WonTon soup. I called in the order for two people (not for the BF but thinking of the next day -- so selfish!). The BF picked it up on his way back from the gym. I was extremely excited to dive in this "broth of life".  It was far from bringing me back to life. The broth was flavorless! I could do hellah better with packaged ramen!! There were... hmmm... let's see... all of two wontons in the whole soup. Glad the order was for two: 1 wonton for today, 1 for tomorrow! Also, I swirled my spoon 'round'n'round and  around again looking for some crustaceous morsels. I thought out loud to the BF that shrimp should come in the soup. For 9 buckaroos, he said it better comes in a school of 'em. (does "school" applies only to fish?) Anyhow, they did their math correctly though - there's 1 shrimp to go with the 1 wonton for today and the other shrimp to go with the wonton tomorrow. BTW, I'm a queen of doctorin'up flavorless dishes, but this bowl of soup was a loss cause. I'm still trying to recover from my flu. Go figure!
3	Omg the eggdrop soup was delicious!! This place is really great to get your authentic Chinese fix. I recomend hitting up the lunch special to save some money which i believe is from 11am-3:00pm. The music that they play is retro love ballads. Good eats for a quick lunch super friendly staff!
5	Why all the hate? I used to frequent here for lunch all the time. The prices were cheap and the food was always amazing. Every soup on the menu was good and the service was wonderful. I can't imagine giving this place any less than five stars.This place is never busy. I think every time I've gone I was like...one of the only people in the restaurant.
4	This is a great place to grab lunch if you're in the neighborhood and want some Chinese food.Lunch specials range from $5 to $8. They include soup or salad, and the main entree with an egg roll. Food is quite acceptable compared to other Chinese take out places. The quantity is plentiful and I usually end up with a takeout box for later. Service is fast and friendly.I usually go there once a week, definitely very good value for the money.Tip: Hot tea is free
3	Both food quality and quantity has degraded. The spring roll you get is now made with some kind of mushy paste thing instead of recognizable vegetables and meats.I used to only eat half the portion and take the rest home, now it's small enough to eat in one sitting.
4	I've never eaten at the restaurant itself, opting instead to either pick up my food or have it delivered since I only work a block away.  I have loved their food and consider it the 2nd best Chinese food restaurant in the Phoenix Metro area.  The employees are always courteous and the service is very quick.
4	Discovered this gem on my peds rotation. Usually have 45 minutes for my lunch and cannot be late! This place is super speedy. Between being seated and walking out the door- done in 30 min, BOOM!The lunch specials are definitely the best deal. Most food and variety for the best dollars spent.They have all of your favorite Chinese classics. Casual. Dependable.
3	Writing this from the lobby, as i wait for my food. Why did i get here so early? Well, i ordered online and they didn't check their inbox. 2nd time in a row.  It was easier to order online because of a language barrier that can creep in over the phone sometimes.  They rushed the order through and I was walking out within 10 minutes.The food is generally above average, the crab angels and hot & sour soup are great and we have been up and down the noodle dishes.  Avoid the eggrolls (weak) and General Tso's chicken or other red-sauce based dishes... they are too sweet and have a gentle scent of ketchup (not kidding, unfortunately).  Many other good dishes here, including the Chicken Katsu, and Chicken w/Garlic Sauce.  We live close and return to Canton Dragon somewhat regularly.  Obviously the online-order screwup isn't a deal breaker.  When they have screwed up an order, they are fast to offer a replacement or credit the account for next time. We will continue to return.Edit: about two weeks after this incident, they removed the online menu and ordering, slightly remodeled the interior, and added happy hour drink and app specials.  They claim to be making menu adjustments, and I look forward to exploring them.
4	My boyfriend and I decided to try this place out last week. The overall atmosphere of the place is very nice! It's not too loud and It isn't too busy, there were only a few other tables eating while we were there. The staff was very nice and friendly and it was pretty fast. We didn't have to wait long for our food (which was cooked fresh) and I thought it was delicious. The orange chicken was perfect. It wasn't hard to chew like orange chicken I have had before. It was perfectly light and crispy. Also my shrimp egg foo yung was delicious! The only problem we had was when we used the Yelp coupon ($30 for $20). We ordered an appetizer during happy hour (which was half off, because of happy hour) and they told us because we used the coupon from Yelp we shouldn't have received half off on the appetizer. I don't know if they are telling us we shouldn't have ordered it or what, but we showed them our $30 for $20 coupon when we ordered. They didn't have to give us half off. Overall though, it is good food and I would recommend it to anyone looking to fulfill your chinese food craving!
3	I've seen this place in this strip mall several times and was always too scared to try it.  My fiance and I walked in one day and were surprised to see how much bigger (and nicer) it is on the inside.  You would NEVER know by just looking at it from the street. The service is kind, friendly, and speedy.  We have had several dishes that were suitable for a little unassuming place like this.  We always order 'special' dishes of our own creation with meats and chinese vegetables and whatever sauce we feel like that day and they are more than accommodating.  Their dishes are much better than the appetizers.  Not a huge fan of their fried rice either, but I am spoiled by LA Chinese food.  For here, and especially in N. Scottsdale it's not too shabby.
4	What an unexpected treat! Since we were visiting the area, we weren't sure who to ask to find good Chinese food. We tried a different restaurant at the other side of this same parking lot and had average reviews to make about it. The next go-round, we decided to give Canton Dragon a try.....YAY for us! The appetizers were on happy hour prices, quite tasty....but the Orange Chicken was the star of the show for this dinner! Yummy, just the right amount of sweet with a kick. My only concern was my peanut allergy that I warned the waitress about but she failed to keep me from the lettuce wraps until I was a few bites in :( Thankfully, my taste buds are designed to kick out the alarm before an E.R. visit was necessary! And the server was oh-so-sorry for the misstep that it all ended just fine. Will definitely go back to try more half-price yummies during happy hour!
3	I am not a Chinese food fan so I will  keep this brief and leave the reviewing to the more qualified Yelpers.I hadn't been to Canton Dragon in three years, but was drawn to give it another shot after purchasing a Groupon Now! deal ($20 for $30 of Chinese fare) the other night. The place was just as unremarkable as I remember, but the spacious dining room area, ambiance and charming service made up for the marginal cuisine.  My dining companion and I split crab angels, orange chicken, and scallop with garlic sauce. The crab angels were a tad overstuffed with cream cheese, but the outsides were crisp and quite good. The orange chicken was pretty standard - thoroughly breaded with a hint of spiciness - and did not disappoint. The scallops, however, were less than spectacular; it also lacked the shrimp the menu claimed to be among the contents of the dish. Okay. I'm done. Lesson learned: I really don't like Chinese food!
4	Fairly busy even on a weekday night.  Good food.  The green curry is quite spicy, but delicious.  I like that you can get brown rice instead of white rice.
4	Love this place!!! Order it for take out pretty regularly - my moms boyfriend says the Egg Foo Young is die for, and I have never ordered a dish from them I haven' t liked.  They are very reasonably priced, and very frequently have a groupon now for 20 bucks for 30 dollars worth of food.  If your craving some great chinese food definitely give them a chance.
4	We started with an appetizer, the Canton Sampler which consisted of a 2 mini egg rolls, 2 crab rangoons, 2 beef skewers, and 2 breaded shrimp. The beef was a a little chewy and the shrimp was frozen from a box. I took one bite and gave the rest to my husband. He ordered the duck which he really liked and I went with the combo Egg Foo Young which was over the top flavorful! You had a choice of white rice, brown rice, or fried rice. The fried rice was also very good.We went for lunch where I guess most patrons order the lunch combos. I requested the full menu which had alot more options and was a little pricer. I liked it and I will go back. The service was quick and the staff is pleasant.
4	I'm a former New Yorker and have not been able to find any decent Chinese food since moving here 9 years ago. We decided to expand our geographic radius and tried Canton Dragon, which would deliver to us for a hefty $6.00 delivery fee since we are way on the fringe of their delivery area. The food came earlier than promised and was packed very well in a strong cardboard box. The food also arrived at a good eating temperature...Not really piping hot, but definitely better than the lukewarm some other closer places have delivered to us. In order to sample some things, I had the Hot & Sour soup, an eggroll, and Chicken Eggplant. Hubby had wonton soup, dumplings (Potstickers) and General Tsao's Chicken. While neither of us liked the other person's food, we were both  happy with our own choices. The Hot & Sour Soup was very tasty, clearly the best I've had in Arizona, Not too much sodium and plenty of flavor and fragrance. I was a bit disappointed in the skinny eggrolls. There just wasn't enough substance to them. The Chicken Eggplant was delicious and spicy. I like how they trimmed off the eggplant skin and cut the eggplant in longer strips than most other restaurants do. That enabled the texture to really stand out and the flavor to balance better along with the chicken. The spice/heat level was perfect for my tastes.So while this still isn't really New York style, it is lighter and tastier than most of what I've had before out here and I'm looking forward to trying more menu options.
3	If you are looking for good egg foo young or wonton soup this place is excellent. However, everything else I have tried here has been so-so. I would only recommend it for certain dishes on the menu.
5	This place was accomodating for us, since they were open on Christmas and served Roast Duck, which we very happy about it since we tried going to other places and did not have it. The staff there was very friendly and because of their service we would definitely go back again.
1	Waitress #1 spills hot tea on my mom, we specifically asked for a shrimp dish because we had a vegetarian with us and they served us chicken instead, we were charged an 18% gratuity for a coupon which didn't mention one at all and when we asked for the manager, Waitress #1 said they weren't there (is no one in charge?) only to find out from Waitress  #2 that Waitress #1 is the owner... That was the last time we visited the Canton Dragon. No fortune cookies either...
3	Food is consistent but the portions are sort of small for the price. One of my favorite things that is hard to find is the shrimp toast. If you have never tried it, try these they are crispy and delicious. It is the closet I could find to mandarin style Chinese food here in my area. The lemon Chicken is also very good.
2	I don't know what happened to the Egg Foo Young since I first tried it, but I no longer recommend it. The patties are smaller and the gravy was thinner and tasted watered down. What a disappointment!
5	We love this place. The sea bass is our favorite. We always come back for it. The lunch specials are great too. The are always friendly.
1	Low quality Chinese food. My sugar-loving child found the sweet and sour chicken to be objectionable. The green curry with beef and shrimp was terrible due to a cost-cutting abundance of sauce-stretching corn starch. The beef was very low quality.  We were up charged for wonton soup which was watered down in another cost-cutting move. This is not a good bet for Chinese food in Scottsdale. Please avoid and seek other options on Shea Blvd.
3	I think I wanted to like this place more because Yelp offered a 15% off the bill, that I didn't get to use anyways. Apparently you have to write the review while in the restaurant, then show it to the management, then they will give you the discount. Talk about pressure. Since Yelp doesn't allow you to post a review, only draft it, I was unable to do this, or use the coupon. The food was alright, nothing fancy. The egg drop soup was very jelly like, and reminded me of weird school lunch. Not sure if this is normal but i've never had jelly soup before.The staff was friendly, and I believe its family operated. Would eat there again, but now know I can't use the discount, especially after writing this.
3	Not a bad spot if you are getting lunch as they have good lunch special deals.Restaurant stays pretty busy which is a good sign.  Service is fine and time of wait for food to come out is decent.  My problem with this place is the food is very inconsistent.  My first few impressions of the place went very well.  Food was delicious, hot and ready.  Then there were a few times after that, that the same dishes I usually order taste different or bland... sometimes tasteless.  It is worth a shot if you are around the neighborhood or live in Scottsdale.  I wouldn't press my luck driving down here just for this restaurant.
4	Incredibly surprised with how good their food was! My husband ordered the orange chicken which was lightly battered and had a GREAT taste. I ordered their chicken and broccoli which was not breaded and placed in a white sauce. I'm used to brown sauce, but it was GREAT! I would definitely pay the extra 1.00 for their fried rice. It was yummy. Also, both meals were about 9 bucks. If you check in on Yelp, you can get 15% off your bill. The staff is also very friendly.
2	I'm feeling generous tonight, and am willing to splurge on the second star.Mom was in the hospital across the street, and really wanted some hot and sour soup and chicken chow mein. Went across the street with my roommate in tow, and we decided to have a drink while waiting for our food to go.Our order - Small hot and sour soupCanton sampler (ribs, fried shrimp, egg rolls, crab puffs)Pork dumplingsChicken chow mein2 hard alcohol drinksWell - the drinks were right - and poured on the heavy side. That accounts for one of the stars.The bartender was a sweetheart, which is the other star.I can't report on the hot and sour soup. Mom had about two spoons of it, said it was fine, but didn't want anything more. And insisted I take the chicken entree home with me, she had no appetite at all.The sampler. Mostly tasteless and unremarkable. Except the crab puffs. They were memorable because they were so incredibly sweet I couldn't even finish one. The filling seemed to have as much powdered sugar as cream cheese. Not something I'm used to, and not pleasant.Pork dumplings I can't comment on - as we got BBQ sliced pork instead. Sigh.Chicken chow mein - I know it's supposed to be a mild (bland) dish - but they even managed to get the flavor out of the veggies! And something was missing. The chow mein noodles! Seriously? A noodle dish and you forget to include the damn noodles?I had to specifically ask for a plastic spoon for the soup and chopsticks.Too bad I didn't check the packages - would have also asked for hot mustard, sweet and sour sauce, and maybe a suggestion for a decent Chinese restaurant next time I am in the area.When the Applebee's in the same parking lot is an experience in gourmet flavors in comparison, you know you're doing something wrong. Mom won't be back at that hospital - hopefully no one else I know will either, so I can confidently say I will not be back.
5	Great Chinese food with quality white meat and no gristle!
4	I was surprised the food quality of  this restaurant, simple but really good as a Chinese's standard.
4	Some of the best Chinese food I have had in Phoenix. I love that this is a small place and that the food is consistent. Very nice staff and I think the owner served us. Definitely more comfortable than the jade palace around the corner, better food too
2	It was okay, and good to know that carry out and delivery is available close by.  Just not as flavorful as it could have been.  The hot and sour soup, on the other hand was very flavorful...but only served lukewarm.
1	If I could give it even less than a star I would. I ordered food for the last time last night. $20 minimum delivery and since I live 4 miles from the store, I was charged a $4 delivery charge, plus I tipped on top of it. That is fine. The problem started when I ate the food. Nothing I ordered was good!The orange chicken, while dressed with an orange wheel was abomidable. Absolutely no flavor at all. It tasted like I took chicken out of my freezer and fried it. That's it. No seasoning, no flavor, no sauce.I got the crab puffs(or whatever their terminology is there). Where in the world was the cream cheese? It tasted like sugar!!! How does someone mess up a crab puff. I couldn't even choke an entire one down!Then the "egg roll" order I added on to meet the delivery requirement.....Took one bite and it made me want to throw up! Beyond terrible!I ordered late at night and after receiving the terrible food and trying it, the store was closed. I called back in today to tell them how dissatisfied I was with the food, and not only was I called a "liar" by the person who answered the phone, I was told they can't do anything because I was a liar. I have never been spoken to like this before, and would never speak to one of my customers like this. I offered to drive to them with the food, which I kept to prove to them how terrible it was, but she told me to call 911. I have no idea what this restaurant is thinking, or how they teach their employees to act, but clearly calling a customer a liar and then telling me to call 911 is completely unreasonable. The food is overpriced and terrible. I don't mind paying for overpriced food, but when I couldn't even eat more than a single bite, that is not right!
4	Best happy hour deal around town ! Good food good service :) They just did a remodel , added some new items on their menu very relaxing too ! Def coming back !
5	Great chinese cuisine, very clean place, nice employees.  I had scallops and shrimp in spicy garlic sauce and it was perfect...my husband had his favorite plate shrimp fried rice and he said was one of the best he has ever had. God job guys.
5	Great food, great service, fair prices, and even better during happy hour! We've been going here for years and we love it!
