5	Yes! First to review!! I literally came here at 1:30 and there were already a ton of people there. The place really looks great, there are a bunch of guards, Downtown Rangers and a crazy Robocop there to assist you. Although some of the shops have not opened because of permit issues, the majority of stores are open. From the outside everything looks so small, but the shops are decent sized, all things considered. There are several communal eating areas to eat and drink outside, which is fantastic. It gives the place a college vibe. They also have seating on the top floor, those chairs look mighty comfy!I checked out some if the stores and everything looks awesome. I had been eagerly anticipating Jessica Galindo's shop and was happy to find a leather business card holder. Score!Loving it so much I'm coming back tonight! Viva DTLV!
4	I live a stone's throw away, so this is something my husband has been looking forward to for months, showing me the progress every time we drove by. From the "outside" I didn't really know what this Container Park was going to be like. We went for the first time last night, and it was a very nice surprise.Once "inside", I realized all that they had been planning in this little area of DTLV. There are shops (clothing, art, candy and popcorn yay), restaurants and bars. I wish I had a little store here! There's 3 levels to the place and a large play area for kids. Big kids too, b/c I took a ride down the slides. So fun! There was also a stage with a small seating/standing area and a live band playing. It's such a cool little place to hang out with friends/family, maybe grab a bite to eat/drink, and be entertained by performers, and well, people. I'm so excited about bringing my California friends here the next time they're in town. They're always so surprised to see the other side of Vegas, since like most people, their knowledge is limited to the strip.The Container Park is definitely worth checking out. I'm totally excited about it. I think it adds to what I'm hoping will be DTLV's beautiful awakening!
5	Being a native Las Vegan, I tend to have a love/hate relationship for this city.  The current mutation that DTLV has been overtaking, specially with the addition of the new Container Park has definitely rekindled my flame for this debaucherous whore-town :)Container Park is like the mini version of Town Square.  Reminiscent of Lego blocks stacked on top of each other are the shipping containers which house boutique stores, restaurants and bars.  Each unit is about 200+ sq ft, so you can imagine how orgasmic one can get if 5 other individuals were to join you one container.  Nonetheless, the shipyard of containers expresses its own sense of individuality, offers quality in their product, creates an urban atmosphere  and makes DTLV all the more approachable.  My favorite part about Container Park?  Unfortunately it's not the giant flaming lazer-eyed metal mantis.. It's the kick-a$$ lounge areas on the 2nd floor overlooking the entire park.  The place is thankfully family-friendly equipped with a center playground and a three story tree house for the kiddos and it's also adult-friendly with its convenient wine bar and beer station so we all have the opportunity of becoming white-girl wasted.  Forever high-five Tony S!
5	This place is truly amazing! It brings the flash together with the creativity of Las Vegas!Many of the shops are run by and for local artisans. The offerings in the shops are largely unique items mixed with the trendy and whimsical. The live music tonight just added so much to the experience.More of the stores should be complete and open for their grand opening on Dec. 5. I can hardly wait to return!!
1	While I get what is trying to be done here, there are just some things that are fundamentally wrong that can't be overlooked.Everything is overpriced. I went into every shop, every food place, every boutique, and just couldn't justify it. I bought a pair of the cheapest, most decent-looking pair of earrings I could find - at Forever21, they'd cost $5 - FOR $15 - but *only* because one of mine fell out and I needed to put something in there.I ate at some sandwich place and paid $8 for a grilled cheese. Hello, I just moved from NEW YORK CITY, and if I were to get a sandwich for $8, I CAN ASSURE YOU, it would be more than just two pieces of bread and some cheese. They would at least put a tomato on it, or some lettuce, or some SPICES??? Or SOMETHING to give it some flavor. Carmelized onions? Hell, I'd even take some raw red onions. Or chopped up raw garlic. Just do something to pizzazz it for THAT price. I still am in disbelief I paid for this, if you couldn't tell, and this happened two days ago.(For reference - this is what I can expect for **$7** - IN MANHATTAN, in the LOWER EAST SIDE, one of NYC's most expensive neighborhoods, at a grilled cheese-specific restaurant called, "Little Muenster."THE WORLD'S BEST BREAKFAST SANDWICHCrispy Pork Belly/Soft Omelette/Gruyere/Gouda/Kewpie/Amy's Roll. AND BREAD FROM AMY'S. I rest my case.)I am hopefully for the pork n' beans place and the taco place, which I have yet to try. The BBQ was fucking awful; I have no idea how that place is even in business or why they'd want them to be a part of this new-and-upcoming attraction.The slides were cool, mostly because they were free. And the grassy patch area where bands can play - also free. But I'm scared to see how much it's going to cost to go to the *cool, hip* barbershop that's about to open. Yeesh.All in all, it's a cool spot for people to walk around in, look at stuff, and take their kids. It *is* a glorified outdoor mall, after all.HOWEVER, that being said, this is NOT a place meant to cater to the LOCAL Las Vegas downtown-er. As far as I know, from living here for as long as I have, most people here work in service, or work for a start-up... which means they make not enough money to spend $20 on a lame-ass sandwich and a beer, plus tax and tip. People don't go to Commonwealth for a reason - why would I want to pay $10 for a BEER... OFF THE STRIP? What? I thought I left the meatpacking district 3,000 miles behind me?I'll probably come to sit and read a book (assuming that I don't constantly run into all of the 50 people I know in this city because, well, where else is there to go?) but probably won't buy anything else any time soon. MAYBE a taco, cuz a girl's gotta eat.Just be true to who you are, Vegas, and stop trying to be other places. It's making me very, very depressed.*****EDIT*****Must apologize to shop owners for saying their items are overpriced. Should be obvious that it is NOT their fault, but WHOEVER decided to make the rent at the container park $9/sq ft! THAT IS THE PRICE IN THE HEART OF MANHATTAN. I am appalled, and deeply apologetic, Las Vegas. You're next in the bubble of cities-in-which-its-native-residents-will-suddenly-be-priced-out-of. I send my regards.
4	I just made a cursory stop to get some photos on my jaunt downtown earlier this week so I can't give the Container Park a full review.  I really like what they've done with this space.  It's hard to believe that only a block away was the site of the Western Casino, the much maligned spot on Fremont Street.Until December 8th, the Project Y.E.S. spaceship will be in the Learning Center area for kids to explore.  Check the Downtown Project's website for ticket information (there is no charge for the tickets).I'll be back in another day--at night--and I hope to see more as I have the time to walk around inside the Container Park and enjoy the vibes of this place.
3	I'm definitely a fan of the Container Park. The container architecture is cool and fun to walk around. It feels very inviting and cozy. There are a lot of places to sit and relax.But it's far from perfect just yet. There are many stores in there right now, but I'd be surprised if most of them survive for long. There are a few that seem unique, but many of them are very run-of-the-mill tchotchke and psuedo-style stores that don't sell anything of real substance.And Pork and Beans? $13 for some sausage and beans? Really? Ridiculous prices for a container restaurant.So, hopefully the park will survive. Essentially, it's a really nice environment to hang out at.I just hope they figure out an alternative fuel to use in the fire-breathing praying mantis whose burnt fumes don't give people headaches.
5	Lots of fun to be had by all. Interesting concept turning old shipping crates into stores. With the big treehouse in the middle the kids can play to their hearts content. The have a stage with live music, saw a cool folk music duo. Only downside it is a bit small.
4	It is a great place to go but it is smaller than I thought. Upon entering the park they have a huge praying mantis sculpture and a circus performer while I was there. Admission is free. They have a few shops surrounding the inside of the park and a few eateries as well. There is also a big treehouse for children in the center of the park which my daughter enjoyed for awhile. The tree also has various slides of different heights surrounding it. In addition, to the east of container park is not the best area and they have security at the entrance and within the park to make your experience feel more secure.I will say that this park is a great first step in making the downtown area more family friendly or in the least have some place in downtown to take your kids for the afternoon.
1	What an epic FAIL!!! At 8:00pm they close the park to 21 and over only because they do not want under age drinking. But they serve alcohol all day when all the kids are here. What idiots!!! So of course now at 9pm its dead.
4	Such a great concept and fits in perfectly downtown. Greeted with a flame throwing preying mantis your attention is grabbed right away. There is security at the gate checking ID's to go into the park. I suppose you need to be 21 after a certain time but they weren't saying much and nothing was posted. We asked around looking a the shops, some which were closed or not open yet, it was hard to tell. There is a play area in the middle for kids and the far end has a stage for concerts /performers with a grassy area to watch these entertainers. Food, clothing, and art were some stores that caught my eye and  The Vapor shop that we entered. I hope this place does well it's a cool idea.
5	Loved it.  Ate some good food (the chicken tortilla soup was great) and the margaritas were even better.  Contrary to another post I read, I thought the jewelry was cheap.  Will definitely go back with the grand kids.
4	Conceptually this place is great. We were there on the soft open and walking into the interior transports you to a different place.  It's pretty well planned space - although with the heat I can see the play structure becoming a problem in the summer.  A few more decent shops and I can see this place being very popular. I like the concept of having a few of them be pop-up shops although I agree with one of the other reviewers in that a few of the shops seem to be lacking in real products.
4	Downtown Container Park is the latest in the East Fremont DTLV development.The concept is solid: Stack up a bunch of shipping containers and turn them into clothing, art, and novelty shops....Include a few food spots, a couple of bars, a concert stage and an aesthetically impressive children's tree house/play area...and set it all in a part of town where interest is growing = 3.5 Stars!I've been here twice since it opened.  Both times I was heading someplace else but our group was distracted by Container Park and we felt compelled to explore.The shops tend to be a little overpriced.  But that's to be expected in a place like this.  We had just eaten both times that I came in so I haven't tried any of the food here.  There aren't many drafts available from the bars inside, but they both had options that would appeal to the more discerning beer drinker.  The park closes to those under 21 after 8pm or 9pm and this was great because they were packed on Friday night.They appear to have a wide variety of music artists scheduled to play.  The music was great both times I went.  ...a true highlight for our group.  Another big plus for us was the local aspect of many of the shops.  I'm not sure that I would come down here to specifically hangout...eat...and drink here, but it was a great distraction between bar hopping!
5	I stopped by Pork and Beans at the Container Park and wow the food was awesome! I have been to New Orleans many times and I have found my new home for Cajun food in Vegas!!!!
4	5 stars for effort and creativity, 3 stars for quality of stores.Now, before everyone comes at me with pitchforks for not giving 5 stars, lemme finish.I LOVE the concept.  It's green, provides a community space for downtown, and offers some non-chain stores to the local population (and there are no nail salons, thank the spaghetti monster).But, honestly, I question the longevity of some of these stores.  There were a ridiculous amount of fashion jewelry stores in the park.  And, many of them were of the quality of a subpar Etsy store.  Sorry, not sorry.However, I'm sure the best will survive and we'll lose the rest.  Until then, 4 stars.
4	Hipster version of Town Square.The container park is essentially 200 square foot re-purposed containers stacked upon each other to create a outdoor shopping mall. Most of the units were vacant during the soft opening but I am sure they will fill-up as time passes. Many of the stores were boutiques selling handmade clothing, accessories and snacks, along with a few art galleries. Keep in mind that unlike other shopping areas you won't find any franchise or chain stores here. This place is excellent collection of Mom n Pop style shops... small businesses ftw!The park itself is beautiful; another great architectural addition to downtown. A giant fire breathing preying mantis greets you at the entrance. The centerpiece is a massive children's playground making the Container Park a great family friendly spot. The outdoor stage for shows and grassy field is going to be great for summer shows and is flanked by plenty of bars to drink up at. The atmosphere is friendly and the park is fun to just run around and explore.The Container Park is a must-see for any downtown trip and really illustrates how much the whole DTLV scene is evolving.
4	I was excited to see what this place was all about ever since seeing it in construction during the Life is Beautiful music festival. Wish it had been open thenOnce I saw (on Instagram, of course) that the Container Park was open, the BF and I decided to have Sunday Funday/night there. We came around 9pm and were greeted with the fire breathing grasshopper fronting the Container Park's entrance. I was immediately drawn to the lights on the trees that add to the Christmas vibe...tis the season, afterall.Then love the look of the stores and restaurants in the containers. Container Park, itself, seems to be only a fourth filled with businesses. In the middle, you see a park similar to Town Square's park BUT...and it's a Big BUT, there's a fairly gigantic tree house in the middle with slides on them. Slides so big that it kinda hurt my boyfriend on the slide that makes a U-turn. ***I just wonder if security is really watching the kids and controlling who goes down and when***In fact, the tree house was so tall that I was scared to go up more stairs because it's, like, three stories tall.Along with the park, there's a stage next to it. Perfect for outdoor concerts! Can't wait to see how the Container Park will participate in next year's Life is Beautiful Festival.The mix of art galleries, restaurants, bars, even hair salon adds to the eclectic mix that is the Container Park! And that was just from what was open while I was there.Downtown Project is doing a really great job rejuvenating DTLV =)
5	The Container Park opening was a lot of fun. I am the Purchasing Manager for Xtreme Manufacturing,  the Cube portion of this project so you may think I'm bias but I'm honest and straight forward so I will give the good and the bad. This was an amazing idea brought to reality. In my opinion this Park is focused more towards adults then children although with a little Disney mixed in with cupcakes, and the playhouse the kids will love this place and not be bored at all. I like the way this place is set up and really enjoyed variety all the vendor stores. The only things I didn't like about the park is I would have liked it better bigger and more grass added. Also some of the vendor's signs could pop a little more. All and all I can't wait to call one of those dining or bar establishments my new local spot.
5	Great spot great idea!  Bars are fun, what an excellent concept I highly recommend this place!!!  Great for start up businesses!
3	This is a nice addition to the (former) derelict part of downtown. There were food and dessert shops, clothing and  jewelry stores, artsy and crafty little boutiques in addition to nice outdoor areas for little kids (and big adults) to play. You can walk throughout this whole place in less than 10 minutes so it's a rather small park but it is a nice place to spend an afternoon if you happened to be around the area. The praying mantis at the entrance was probably my favorite thing about this park.
5	My friends and I stumbled across this place, while walking the strip.   What a blessing!  An earth friendly park made out of containers, with a great concept trying to help "little business'.This park has great potential to make it big, it is clean fun and it is kid friendly for those that are looking for that. We stopped and ate at Bin 45 ( I think that was the name!)  The appitizer plates were A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!   The owner was very sweet and has a great concept, decorated beautifully, good pricing, good wines, and most of all decent prices. I hope everyone from visitors to locals check this place out, it's worth it!
4	I am so excited that The Downtown Project has brought this park to Fremont East!!!  Container Park is filled with boutique shops including art, jewelry, gifts, unique clothing, food, fun, and drinks.  The area is relatively small and compact, making it easy to visit every shop in one day if you like and it is built for all ages to enjoy.A playground fills the center of this roughly-oval shaped space, where greeters even let us big kids go down the 4-story spiraling  slide.   Speaking of greeters, DTP has employed a multitude of people focused on ensuring that you are enjoying Container Park.  While sipping on a brew at Bin 702 (local Joseph James Brewery's 'Red Fox'), Eric cruised by for a happiness check.  These greeters are such a fantastic idea!  Not only do they add a sense of security, but their genuine nature and enthusiasm about downtown just make ya smile.I have visited Container Park twice and look forward to making myself a regular there.Pros: (so far) -Pinche Tacos---so authentic and vegetarian options for me!                        -The Boozery       it's simple, they serve booze.  I likey.                        -Bin 702  --exceptional beer list and great wines too.                                              I will be back to try the cheese plate                        -The main stage which provides constant entertainment.Cons:   The barstools at the Boozery are metal, the doors are open, and it is cold outside!  my cold bum cut my visit to this spot short.              I know it might sound crazy to omnivores, but I would love to see some veggie options at the BBQ joint.  Get creative!What's up with the Preying Mantis?
5	WHO: Take the entire family downtown to see the GIANT FIRE BREATHING GRASSHOPPER and play in the actual playgrounds, or make the container designed restaurants and stores YOUR PLAYGROUND! hint hint...WHEN: The retail stores open at 10am, the bar/food places open at 11am daily. RETAIL STORES: On Sunday through Thursday, they close at 9pm; and on Friday & Saturdays they close at 11pm. BAR/FOOD: On Sunday through Thursday, they close at 11pm, and Friday & Saturdays they close at 1am.WHERE: Located in Downtown Las Vegas on Fremont & 7th St.WHAT: I am so excited for Downtown Las Vegas! There are great things happening, which include THE CONTAINER PARK! I just loved the idea of how this park/shopping/eatery area has been set up!Before you enter, you are amazed by the fire breathing grasshopper at the entrance (KID FRIENDLY). When you actually enter the park, the shops are contained in metal containers- so clever! When you look straight ahead (the middle of the park), there is a Super cool playground!! There was also a tree house made of balloons you can take pictures of and or with! As you walk towards the back end of the park, there is a stage where live bands play! Behind the live band, there happens to be a barber shop. COOL! FREE, LIVE MUSIC WHILE YOU GET A HAIRCUT!I also love how this park gives our locals a chance to express themselves and let you taste, see, and try what they have worked so hard for! There are many boutiques that are locally owned as well as the eateries! I did get to try Jojo's Jerky, which is a locally made beef jerky store. They do not tax because they make the jerky themselves. My friend and I clearly supported, we ended up buying 3 flavors, saving us the rest of the day! =DI am going back soon to try some of their food spots! I suggest you all to bring the family and just HAVE A GOOD TIME! :)YAY DTLV!!!
5	This place is fantastic! There are a variety of shops and restaurants, all of which are local businesses. The architecture in the park is lovely, and there is a ton of outdoor seating, which will be great when the weather gets a little warmer (it's December now).
4	It's hard to miss the Container Park when it's been headlining practically all the main Vegas magazines the past week. Yesterday, I finally got to taste the magic. Just like Disneyland, once you step inside, you are propelled into a completely different world - one that faces inward, shut away from the sketchy looking surroundings. Don't think Town Square. Don't start comparing. Just immerse yourself in what this place has to offer. It is what it is, a park, and people are expected to enjoy this place for its laid-back atmosphere, not exactly shop - although that is an option too!The first thing you'll notice are the stacked shipping containers shelled with glass, revealing an artsy cluster of cafes, boutiques and galleries. Small local businesses line the first, second and third floors connected by stairs and continuous blocks of containers that would eventually lead you to a nice comfy sofa or table to sit on. Overlooking the balconies is the cute tree house which I was so tempted to go on and try the slides but I was too stoked with the galleries to even go for it. As you approach the back of the park, you will see a luscious green playground for kids to enjoy. With all the security they had there, I may trust the place enough to leave kids there (one day) while I go sit in one of the sofas by the cafe patio, overlooking them of course! Maybe. Still, I could not fully judge until I get to play in the playground myself! That's on my next to-do when I visit again soon. There's the industrial vibe it gives, urban mixed in with a Europhean flair of sophistication and great attention to detail.  That mantis up front immediately caught my eye because of its appearance at First Friday the two times I went. There's music as you walk and when the sun goes down, strings of lights leave a dreamy glow to the park. The Downtown project is reforming Vegas into a family-friendly cultural city, showing off its capacity to be more than a gambling hall. Win-win? I think so. Now we have our little piece of San Francisco. Environmentally friendly (separate waste disposals for different products), classy with emphasis on creating a vibe through art and music, hip people, unique concept. This place is my new heaven.
4	The container park is nice and family friendly. LOVE the GIANT FIRE BREATHING GRASSHOPPER and yes, I jumped when it randomly breathed out that fire. It's a nice place to visit while bar hopping or if you want to take the kiddies to a a really cool playground or do some shopping. I was surprised when they let adults go down those super high slides, I honestly froze before going down the highest one, but man did that thing have some sharp turns. It wasn't too busy when we went, but I'm sure it'll pick up as more people make it the new hipster-dive spot and the live music is enjoyable to a refreshing beer/ warm cup of hot chocolate (whatever soothes your mood). Overall I liked it and I'll probably make another visit.
4	Loved this place! Kids had a blast playing. The shops are really cool. It is extremely small and hard to maneuver around with a stroller though. We spent a few hours playing in the tree house and walking around. The preying mantis was phenomenal! Will definitely go back soon.
4	A little taste of SF right in downtown Las Vegas!  The downtown project is really making downtown a destination.  I had heard great things about the playground and wanted to check it out and write about it.  So, lets get down to the nitty gritty.We arrived around 4pm and my husband wasn't too thrilled about being downtown.  There is still a lot of uncertainty when you are there and we have yet to be downtown without an incident from a drunk or otherwise intoxicated stranger.  But he agreed to go.They have valet but since there was parking on the street, we parked in a metered parking spot and were quickly entering the Container Park.What did we love:  Well, we loved the security - gates and visual security guards.  We loved the design - artistically pleasing to the eye.  We loved the playground and building area - encouraging creativity in our kids and we loved the hang out atmosphere that we so miss from living in the city.With outdoor seating, lots of restaurants and bars and a stage - this park was alive.  People were socializing and generally having a great time.We didn't spend a lot of time in the stores, but they all looked eclectic and interesting.  We did participate in a drum circle on our way out of the park, which was a first for all of us.Why only 4 stars?  And, really this isn't any fault of the park.  But, it is still downtown and of course we were forced to strategically navigate ourselves to our vehicle because of  very drunk and disorderly men on the 1/2 block walk from the park to our car.  Still, I have faith that if we continue to support the downtown projects efforts, it will pay off.
5	Love the drum circle at sunset to wake the mantis. Great place for kids and adults, the playground and variety of shops and restaurants make this a place I will come back to many more times!
4	This is going to be a great community concept downtown.  I was wowed when I walked in and saw the design.  It is so family friendly with the grass, tree house, and building blocks for kids to manipulate.  The kitschy factor of the shipping containers makes it very hip, the stores are eclectic and fun, and the food establishments have some interesting and tasty ideas going on.  But there are some things that nag at me that prevent me from giving it 5 stars.  Like the fact that those blue building blocks are going to (a) be stolen pretty quickly or (b) have germs and kid snot all over them in no time.  Or the fact that there aren't very many bathrooms and they're made out of (duh) shipping containers, so it smelled like a Port-A-Potty only 3 days into the park being open.  It was also freezing outside, but the bathroom was hot and steamy.  Can you imagine what that will be like in the summer when it's hot outside?  Icky icky eww.  Or maybe it's that the food and beverage places do not have many great options...great ideas and food concepts, but not executed well.  The Boozery is not much of a boozery at all with only about 4 specialty drinks and not much great alcohol to choose from.I want this place to be amazing.  I have a lot of hope for this place being kind of like a watershed event in the history of DTLV.  But there are things that nag at me that make me have a small grain of doubt.
4	Most kid friendly spot I've seen in Vegas!  AND ample places to sit down while watching the wifey shop in an semi-affordable mall.  Some really unique stores. (This mall just opened a few weeks ago and many of the stores don't have Yelp accounts yet.)
5	Mary Rose already gave a great review that I am in 100% agreement with.   My husband and I stumbled across the Container Park while staying at the Downtown Grand last weekend and I was instantly in love with this place that is funky and eclectic.First, its new so it's clean and lovely to look at.  There is a massive security force, so it feels safe and comfortable.  I love the vibe and I love that they have bands playing, which really gives it a festive feel.  We played in the jungle gym/treehouse/slide thingy and sat on a patio drinking beer and listening to the music and we walked around peeking into stores.  It's just a great atmosphere and there are some fun stores... I guess we'll have to see how they do.I used the ladies room and it was actually very clean and comfortable, although my husband said the men's room was stinky. They have a cool giant grasshopper that was once a Burning man art car and now greets visitors with antenna that spout flames.  I just really fell in love with this place.  It has something for everyone and I can see myself returning here again and again when I'm in the downtown area.  Yea, Vegas!  Nice one.
4	So there's something new Downtown.There's more to it than bars. It's Town Square-ish, but the difference is it's almost entirely composed of locally-owned businesses. Hooray.There's stuff for kids (a giant park in the middle for them to run around).It would be a GREAT hangout spot in the summer, I'm willing to bet.The only pitfall is the restaurants were a tad pricey (can't remember the name but the Taqueria joint had to be one of the most expensive taquerias I have ever seen).Otherwise, I'll be back.
5	Great place! Very hip, amazing concept, awesome music and super family friendly atmosphere. My personal favs are the jerky store and DIsney art studio.
3	I have to give some credit to those who risk investing money into Downtown. If we all keep saying that Downtown is cool, maybe someday it will be.  The Trailer Park is an interesting idea but there are some fundamental problems. The stores with their tinted windows and small doors, are not inviting to come in. It was not a very "invite to shop" environment. I have big concerns on whether many shops will make it. I don't have any idea how much rent is but the small square footage of the stores will certainly mean that they won't be able to make enough to stay afloat.From a social "place to hang out, t Trailer Park is going to be a smash hit. Bars will do great when it warms back up.  It will be a wonderful place for Downtowners to hang out and just ,,, yknow,,, hang out and have conversations about how cool downtown is.I wish the place best of luck, fix accessibility to the shops and you are up to 4 stars.
5	I live downtown at Soho lofts and was disappointedly the fact that there isn't too much for toddlers downtown besides the Children's museum. Vegas is the worst possible place to raise a toddler but I try to make due. When the container park opened I was excited to see it. I was excited about the different shops and restuarants and couldn't wait to walk down and experience it. Especially since it's about a 10 min walk from where I live. The day after Christmas I decided to walk down and check it out with my son. When we got there we noticed 2 guys standing out front of the entrance kinda like dorky bouncers. I didn't know why they were just standing there but they said hello and we walked by into the park. I was in awe. It's so clean, chic, but yet it has this artistic feel without being too annoyingly hipsterish. The entire park is made out of recycled shipping containers and the best part is that they actually had an amazing playground right smack in the middle of it. Wasting no time my son promptly undid himself from his stroller and took off running for the play area. The slide is pretty epic. The slide is freaking 4 stories high. I kid you not. There's all these foam shapes and hula hoops for the kids to play with and it's cleaner than Disneyland. After an hour or so of playing we'd worked up an appetite so we headed over to one of the restaurants. There was a long line but the food was definately worth the wait. Bravo Zappos. Thank you for putting in a park that is family oriented and safe and clean.
5	Being in Container Park was such a great night out. The ambiance is perfect with great little shops, music and food. I want to go back in the day with my kids so they can play in the tree house. Finally Vegas had some small business places where we can enjoy a night out in a safe clean place.
5	Came here to check out this new place on Saturday during our Fri-Mon visit. We ended up coming back Sunday and Monday right before we drove back home to Costa Mesa, CA. This place has so much to experience... and for all ages. They have a great variety of stores and restaurants to choose from whether you're eating or just drinking. They have live entertainment and an awesome playground. There's an area for the little ones too! Definitely visit this place. I'm sure you'll be back again. Either for a cup of coffee or a bag of jerky. People watching is also fun.
4	this place is really cool. went to the little wine bar there and had a great time.  Friendly staff and good prices
5	This place blew my mind... stepping into Container Park can make you forget what city your in. We came here on a Friday night to see the fire spewing preying mantis after we got done cruising the Fremont Experience and ended up chilling here for awhile to check everything out.The guys from Zappos have really changed this section of downtown Vegas for the good... it was so cool to see a place for kids to play at night while the adults get to chill with a drink and listen to some good music in a safe, lax environment. From a sustainability aspect, I really applaud the use of the old shipping containers as building materials... I think a lot of people will walk away from this place with new ideas for the future.
5	Soaking up the Downtown scene and seeing all the new changes they've made... I gotta say I'm thoroughly impressed with all the establishments in here and the little community they've built. The Vegas vibe is nonexistent in this community which is a refreshing change up from the vegas scene. I highly recommend everyone living here and visiting to check it out! Good job Tony Hsieh :)
4	The first time I came to the park, I was by myself and just walked around, scoping things out.  It wasn't too busy that first time, as it was a December Friday morning before the holidays.  The second visit was today, January 2nd, 3:00pm, accompanied by my two little cousins, 4 and 6-year-old brothers, and my 17-year-old son.  Today the park was a beehive of activity with winter break still happening.  There were kids running helter skelter all over the tree house and adjacent playground; the little cousins were in heaven.  They immediately ran away from me once we entered the playground/tree house area, which is nicely guarded by a security person at the gate.  This way, kids cannot escape the area without someone watching, resulting in the worst thing ever, a lost child.  Most parents/guardians were either in the playground or right outside of it, keeping keen eyes on all the activity, which was plenty.  The teen spent the time exploring the shops of the park and making fun of the hipsters.  He tried to teach me how to detect said hipsters and I think it has to do with clothes and visible tattoos, but I'm still not sure.  For a breather, the boys and I went to ChillSpot by Sasapops, which is conveniently located right next to the playground.  Smoothies for the boys and halo-halo for me, then it was back to more running, jumping, and playing.  The grand finale was a group of drummers outside the entrance of the park.  They provided bongos, tambourines, cowbells, and other percussion instruments for kids to play in a circle, led by one energetic drummer in the middle.  The giant metal grasshopper sculpture out front spewed fire from its antennae and that added to the show.  All in all, we had a great time and I would highly recommend this place for kids of all ages, but especially children who will enjoy the playground.  My cousins can't stop talking about it so we'll be back soon.
5	This is great for downtown Las Vegas.  Fun atmosphere for everyone.  Places to eat, drink, shop and listen to music.
5	When you are over the glitz and glam of the strip, the Container Park is a breath of fresh air. All the stores are specialty shops, boutique clothing and hip food joints/bars, not the average mall or forum finds. All the stores are in shipping containers, cool concept. Great for kids (big play area) and very fun visuals, nice artsy vibe. Also it is surrounded by some casual hipster bars. I love Downtown Vegas :)
5	Super cute kick-it spot in DTLV.  LOVE going here.  It doesn't feel like Vegas one bit.  Although it's not that big, there's definitely a lot to see and do while you're at the Downtown Container Park.  There are shops and restaurants--all made up of freight containers (hence the name ;)).  I really like the ice cream/popsicle/snow-ice shop that's located on the first floor (they've got cocktail popsicles! yum!).  I also really enjoyed the Disney arts store they've got, too (gotta buy a piece one day).  There's a big jungle gym for the kiddies to play.  There's also a stage.  The day that we were visiting, there were a group of musicians playing live jazz music--so fun!  The restaurants also serve alcohol, and you can drink while inside the park.MY TIP: Have brunch at Eat. Then hang out here!!
5	The Container Park is exactly what was needed to bring people down to a part of town that we may otherwise never frequent. Brought my daughters here this morning and the whole day was a blast. Parking is free on Sundays and we got here early enough that there were plenty of spots close by. The focal point of the park is the playground. It's 100 times better than what they offer at Town Square. It's also managed very well. There were at least three guards (all of them super friendly) manning the area, two at the gate and one next to the giant slide, which they managed to very organized despite the number of kids running around. There is a grassy area with toys and balls for the kids to enjoy while a live band plays some chill music. The park, and the people in it, remind me a lot of 3rd St Promenade in Santa Monica.  We had lunch at the BBQ joint. Delicious! We walked around the bins (shops), but unfortunately, the only ones we bought anything in was the candy shop. I do hope the stores do well but I predict not so much. But back to the candy shop...I asked my kids, multiple times, to stop manhandling the candy (it was wrapped) and the gentleman who worked there actually encouraged them to go for it--"what else should kids do in a candy store?," he said. That was just awesome!! Kind of sums up the attitude of everyone at the park. Loved it and will be back. A lot!
4	The Container Park is a great addition to Fremont Street.  It's super cute with a little children's park in the middle.  It's kind of shaped like a horse shoe with shops, restaurants and bars.  I love the wooden plank patios where you can sit and enjoy nice weather or watch your kids play in the park if you had any.  We stopped at the bbq place to grab a beer and just people watch.  It looked like an orchestra was setting up to play on the grass, which by the way is a perfect set-up for outdoor concerts and performances.  We didn't stay too long as it got really cold, but can't wait to go back and have dinner and drinks.  it's just a very relaxed and fun atmosphere.  I like it!
4	What a rad addition to downtown! Every time I go, I find something else I love about it, and this was the perfect thing to do. I remember sitting at a pop up dinner in Tony Hsieh's apartment about 2 years ago. The guys across from me talking about their current project and how they are tearing down a old motel and building apartments and retail centers out of containers. They said, "you must think we're crazy right?' My boyfriend and I both responded with "NO WAY, WE THINK YOU ARE SMART, AND LONG OVERDUE!"Finally, I can bring my child downtown without being scared she will be offered drugs!! And I am serious. Also, I can leave her at home after hours, come here, and still enjoy myself. At this point Container Park does close, but not til late on the weekends. I was there at around 6pm on a Sunday night and the number of children equaled adults which is cool. There should be the option for adult and kid entertainment. Live reggae music played in the background. It was not to loud yet you could hear it throughout the park. There is a little something for everyone. From cupcakes, to jerky, to art, a barber shop, and of course BBQ and TACOS!! (Which I will be trying on my next trip because pork and beans DID NOT make the cut!)In the middle there are 2 separate play areas, one more appropriate for younger kids and then of course the 50 foot tree house slide that is good from youth on up til you can't make it up those stairs. This really was a great idea, and I hope the decide to go up a couple stories or at least continue to add on across the street.
5	Wow am i thoroughly impressed with this place. I could be slightly happier without all the kids running and screaming but hey, its cool DT has a place that is family friendly without all the crazy crack heads.Ive visited a few times now and Ive been lucky enough to check out almost every store/restaurant. Bin 702 wins for the bar/restaurant for me and blumarble as well as DTLV win for the shops. Gabby Olivia is pretty awesome as well. Im so excited that these places are all local companies. That is really important to me since Im a 5th generation Las Vegas girl. This will def be my new hang out spot.
5	Every time another place opens in downtown Las Vegas, it excites me sooo much!  This city is blowing up with start ups and community-centered businesses and is really helping to revitalize this city.  Downtown Container Park is no different.  This place started from an amazing concept to reuse shipping containers to create a center full of shopping, dinning and family centered options.  On it's site, they look for "businesses that will provide the kinds of services that Downtown residents need to create a live, work, play environment in our neighborhood. We prefer owner-operated businesses that reflect the unique personality of the emerging Downtown rather than chains or franchises."  I really like that preface.  When you arrive, you'll notice a very aesthetically pleasing sign that says Container Park.  To the left of the sign is a huge metal sculpture of a pray mantis that shoots fire from it's antennas.  What a focal point!  When you enter the center, you'll notice the middle of the courtyard is a playground for kids, slides, building blocks and more.  This park includes locally owned business like boutiques, galleries, fashion stores, bars, restaurants and more! In the back of the park, there's a stage for local artists to perform and allows a very entertaining area for the various customers.  At all times of the day!This is a very cool and vibrant option for the city of Las Vegas.  If you have not checked out the Container Park yet, please do so!  You will be amazed!  Go down the slide.  It fits adults as well.  Have a drink, get a bite to eat and enjoy the scenery!
5	it's small but packs a lot of punch! many boutiques here that are unique. family friendly as well.
4	Took a leisurely stroll around CP this morning and I am excited about the potential this has for DTLV. Great spots to eat, be entertained and socialize for kids and adults. Love the local entrepreneurial spirit that is enforced with only independently run vendors and businesses here.
4	This up and coming area downtown is a breath of fresh air. All the stores are made out of shipping containers and pushes for a more sustainable lifestyle.  They just need to change their plastic cups. While places in there use biodegradable items, the cups are not as environmentally friendly. Although it is still in the growing phases, there is huge  potential to be an awesome place to come chill out on the lawn and hang out with friends while bands play. The drinks are reasonable. Nothing too out of the ordinary for downtown. There is a beer and wine bar as well as a fully stocked liquor one on the other side. Once all the stores are fully up and running, this will be the it place for a relaxing night.
5	5 stars for the unique concept alone! This is a really cool place to have lunch or meet a friend. All of the vendors are based in containers made into stores/offices. There is a huge area for kids to play. I wish the vendors the best. . . some of them I can't see surviving.PROS: Pinches Tacos             Cool outdoor sitting areasCONS: Shopping wasn't very interesting             Cost $$ to park
5	We had such a good time here today!! I'm so thrilled to see downtown Vegas getting cleaned up and all the new places popping up. My kids had so much fun playing in the "treehouse" playground and playing in front of the stage while listening to live music. We had lunch at Pinches Tacos (YUM), and bought some candy from the candy shop. There were lots of shops and such I wanted to look through, but we will save that for another time.  I can't wait to come back here again! Day or night, Container Park is a lot of fun for all ages.
4	I was very happy to hear about this addition to DTLV. It is right near Fremont Street so you can enjoy both spots on the same night. I do think there is equal entertainment for kids during the day than there is for adults at night. I went at night time and when I arrived I did see kids in the playground in the middle of the "park" which is a very impressive play area with big slides that go way high up. Pretty cool I would imagine for kiddos. At 9 p.m. they made an announcement that the park was now 21 and up. I have to say, I like this. I find it odd that people walk around Fremont Street with babies and little kids with drunk people and all kind of crazies all over. I like that they check ID before entering and there are security guards at the entrance and standing all over the park actually. I'm not sure why there is so much security, but hey I felt safe in this sketchy area. Now walk outside and that's a different story!The park has a really cool stage with bands playing live music. Behind the stage is a barber shop in a train. Such a cool concept! There is also an area in front of the stage with large foam lego pieces and long sticks and a bouncy ball laying around that random people would play with, take funny pics, and go on their way. It was kind of random how this large space was taken up by a few random things thrown on the ground, literally. I think these items should be placed in the playground area. Maybe more seating so people can sit and relax while the bands play?I can only assume the type of music changes since someone said they play reggae music too. This bad was pretty emo and low key, very enjoyable for a date night. Unlike Fremont street that plays music which encourages lots of screaming, dancing around, and it's just a different scene. At the park, I saw many couples and people on dates. There was one group of people getting drunk and rowdy, and they looked kind of out of place. It's a great place to people watch and with that being said, there are tables surrounding the play area in the middle. You can't sit at the tables with heaters unless you eat at the tables. You can't just sit there with alcohol you get from a bar or restaurant. I saw a security guard go up to a group and tell them to move because they were drinking and sitting. Apparently it's ok if they moved to a bench about 3 feet away, you just can't sit at the tables and drink. But I guess you can sit and not drink since that's what we did at first and we were not bothered. I am not sure if the guard was picking on these people or what the deal was, but they ended up buying popcorn just to be able to sit there. My hubby went to get a beer and the guard didn't bother us for sitting with alcohol. There is a sign though that says if you sit there, you need to eat. I later saw it after we had been sitting there for a while. I did not go inside the restaurants, but I can assume by the size of each restaurant/store that there is no dine in seating in the majority of the restaurants. Also, it appeared that everyone was sitting outdoors and eating at the Pork and Beans restaurant. I am all for outdoor eating, but I kind of expect that with less expensive food, or casual cafes, but I don't believe these restaurants were that cheap. I could be wrong, as I said I did not go inside them, I just glanced over them as I walked by. I also liked how the music played throughout the park on the speakers, so even if you did not sit near the stage, you could enjoy the music. I love the lights at the park, the store designs in containers, and 5 stars to the fire breathing praying mantis! Every time he shot out fire, people screamed and jumped. It was quite a scene to watch. This place has so much potential and is very trendy. I do have to say that the stores are tiny, only a few people can fit in them at a time, and I don't believe they appeal to most people. I did not see anyone inside the stores and I actually thought they were closed! Surprisingly they were open but they looked dark from the outside. I hope that they open up some more stores that appeal to more people and hope they expand since there is not much here. I walked by every store in 15 min and was done. I even went inside almost all of them. It has so much potential and I love the idea, so I just hope there is more to it as time goes on.
2	I'm from Las Vegas. Born and raised. So, to me, it's exciting when new things are being built.The Praying Mantis at the opening is as cool as it gets however.First of all ,parking is ridiculous, be prepared to make a few rounds. And if you are there during "business" hours, be prepared to pay.I came here with my brother, my mom and my daughter today. My brother is on crutches, and is well over 6feet tall. My daughter is one, so I had the stroller with me. These containers are way too small to be stores. Sure, they're "boutiques" but the small space is not cool. We all could only go into one store, the red stitch that was a "double" container. Super close quarters.I find this place to be overpriced. There really isn't anything unique for sale, like I was expecting..... You could go to town square and probably pay less.If you are claustrophobic, this is not the place for you. It was hard enough to maneuver with the stroller, I could only imagine how my brother felt.There aren't many food places here. To be completely honest, the food court at the galleria looks more promising.Playground looks cool, but that's about it.Has potential, but it has some growing pains to go through.
4	This is a really original park for Vegas. It's a super innovative park. I love all the repurposed shipping containers for shops, restaurants, and bars. Great place to come as a family with good live music playing or after dark for adults only cocktail time.
4	Neat arrangement and an interesting mix of retailers.  Parking is available in a lot or on the street but is not free, at least during the day.  Neat giant praying mantis sculpture at the entrance.  Maps of the retailers are available as are staff who are more than happy to guide you if you ask the right questions.  But for the complete experience, best to browse through once before making any purchasing purchases.  Especially true for food.
3	Nice addition to downtown, but I just wonder how many of the shops will survive. They are all extremely specialized- for example, there's a store with only Disney paintings, one with only watches and another with only beef jerky. The live music is nice and there's a lot of outdoor space so I feel like this will become more popular once the weather is warmer in the evening.
4	This review is from a daytime visit. I REALLY want to go for a night time visit. All the lights and the praying mantis fire would be excellent to see.There's a few places to grab something to eat, and we opted for Pinches Tacos. Yums. Get their combo plate for the best value.When you walk in, you've got the stores on the left that go up to 2 floors and then the right goes up to 3 floors. The one store that stood out to me is Art Box. Nice jewelry among other stuff. Support all these artists and small stores! :) There's another store where they make pretty cool shot glasses out of alcohol bottles and they can help you with custom ones. Great gift ideas in some of these stores.Take a picture up where it says Container. Great for pictures when you stick out your head and all :D.The vibe I'm getting is that it's a pretty nice place to chill at. Especially when the weather is very fall-like and you can bundle up and drink with friends (preferably at night :b).
4	I love that Las Vegas is evolving with wonderful establishments that focus on eateries, shopping, and family activities. Combine that with a wonderful recycling project and everyone feels great.A fantastic idea to repurpose large containers and transform them into a park for all to enjoy. From the entrance complete with Burning Man's Flaming Mantis and container "Downtown Container Park" sign, you immediately feel welcome and whimsical. In the center of the park is a giant tree house playground and other activities for children. Surrounding it are two-story containers filled with various boutiques, candy shops, restaurants, and bars. In the back of the park is a barber shop train with a performing stage and large play area for children with several seating options for parents. The Lounge Orphans were performing at the time of our visit and they were really great!We didn't eat or shop, so not much to say except that they're all very small. Seems to be an issue when the park is really crowded like it was on this Saturday afternoon. Other than that, I love the space: the live music, the beautiful weather, the fun atmosphere with balloon animals and face painting. Access is from Fremont Street and it was simple enough to find street parking nearby. We are a fan of the parking meters since it takes credit cards. It is enforced Monday-Saturday 8am-6pm, not including holidays. The cost is $1/hour for a maximum of two hours.
5	I truly love, love, love this place! I went on a Saturday afternoon with my husband and a couple of my friends.Let me start off with the parking. In a word, confusing. There is limited parking and be prepared to pay a few dollars. Not the end of the world, but just a heads up. It's nice that they have meters that you can pay with your debit card. No more rummaging through your purse or cup holder for quarters. Container park is actually made out of shipping containers. It is three stories tall in some places and surrounds a 50 foot tall "treehouse" that has several slides. The Park is definitely a family friendly place. It was funny because I kinda felt like I was missing a kid. lol (cause I don't have any) The whole courtyard area in between the shops is made just for youngins. They also have an amazing stage with a grass lawn in front of it. They had a live band playing which was awesome. Because they have speakers throughout the park, you can hear it all over. I could have sat there all day and just listened. There are a number of shops already established even though it hasn't been open very long. Lots of really interesting restaurants too! It was hard to choose which place to eat, but we all agreed on Big Ern's BBQ. Very delicious! Upstairs, I found the Lil Art Bodega to be the coolest place! I loved the art in there. If I could afford it, I totally would buy their Hello Kitty piece. I settled for a cool James Dean sticker instead. We also checked out the Vapor Loft. They were really nice guys and very knowledgeable. There are several other shops I didn't get the chance to go inside, but I noticed they had a Barber shop behind the stage which looked to be made out of an old train caboose. They also have a taco shop and even a Vegan cafe. Also, if you're in the mood for sweets, they have a cupcake shop and a ice cream shop.I cannot wait to go back to Container Park!! They have something for everyone there. It is a great spot Downtown to take your kids or just yourself for a nice relaxing day of music, food and shopping. I'll be going back this Saturday evening to see my friend's band play!
5	Love it! It's a great, unique spot. It's basically an open air mall and gathering spot that's made all out of shipping containers. It's totally cool. There's live music, a place for kiddos to play, places to eat, places to drink, and places to shop. It's fairly small, but definitely a fun place to spend an afternoon - wander around and window shop, grab a bite to eat, and have a couple of drinks. And there's a giant preying mantis too! I will definitely be back here many times. What a wonderful addition to downtown!
5	LOVE this! I've been hiding from downtown Las Vegas and now I'm not sure why.  The praying mantis greets you at the entrance and it went off twice while we were there, shooting flames from its antennae. It's was pretty freaking awesome even though I originally thought they were gunshots and that I had been brought here to die. It was also surprisingly cozy at the chilly night. The park itself is made up of those shipping/freight containers (not containers from the Container Store as I had previously imagined). The containers now house very cute shops that sell cupcakes, trinkets, clothes, beef jerky, etc. There are also a lot of very interesting and enticing looking restaurants and food options and, like so many other places in Vegas, you can just wander about with alcohol. The BEST part of the park, however, is the tree house and play area in the middle, which is not just for kids (things that are not allowed include pets, drinks and food; there are security people there and they're serious about this). The tree house is fun to climb on even for grown ups and has lots of fun slides, including a two-story slide that's pretty intense. The security guide who stands there to ensure that only one person goes on the slide at a time suggesting I pick my feet up so I did. I suspect he was trying to kill me because I ended up doing a complete 180 degree spin on the slide and came out upside down. There is also a light game where you can compete by hitting the lights. Which was surprisingly fun even for someone who usually tries to avoid movement and I highly encourage anyone to give it a shot even if you see other people playing it and looking crazy. Also, blocks for building forts :)
4	Very hip and cute little stores inside containers. I didn't get a chance to look at all of the stores but I could see that this place would be good for families and possibly a date. Parking is kind of a pain though since it's mostly metered but if you can find a spot it's actually not too bad. Lots of photo opportunities and FREE samples at certain stores. Although this spot is not somewhere you would go if you're in Vegas for the weekend. I don't think it's worth making a way out here but if you have the time do stop by and check it out.
5	"WHAT THE HECK IS A CONTAINER PARK?"That was my first question when my friend asked me if I wanted to go check out the Container Park while having dinner at Pizza Rock. So off we went along with my wifey and kids.Wow. This place was a whole park made out of ACTUAL containers. I mean, who does that? Anyways, before we even stepped foot in it, you see a giant preying mantis out front with flames shooting out of its antennae. Again, I ask. Who does that? I gotta say, just that alone is a pretty good first impression. The other thing I liked was that you have a couple of security guys watching over the entrance, which is the only way in, and the only way out.As you come in, you will see various stores/restaurants from a beef jerky place, to a barbeque place. There is even a decent sized stage towards the end of the park. What I think the main attraction of this place is the big treehouse that is smack dab in the middle of the whole place which features a 33 foot tall slide.Bottom line is that my kids loved hanging out here and this place is a refreshing sight to see compared to all the casinos going up all over the place and the Fremont Street Experience is no different.Some random info: There is free wifi and the bandwidth is very good I might add. 21 and over only after 9 pm.Retail Open        Sunday-Thursday 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. Friday-Saturday 10 a.m. to 11 p.m.Food & Beverage Open Sunday-Thursday 11 a.m. to 11 p.m. Friday-Saturday 11 a.m. to 1 a.m.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #22
5	Seriously though, wtf is a container park? I get the concept, but was unsure of the execution. Could a pile of containers really be cool? Would it be a tourist gimmick? A place that you see once, never to return? Well, it turns out it is cool, and I will return many times. There are several places to dine, imbibe and shop for quirky items. Mexican, BBQ, jerky, cupcakes, ice pops, cocktails... it's all there with plenty of outdoor seating to combat the small interior dining space. Bolt Barbers are there (in a caboose) to give you a cut 'n shave, there's a play area for the kids, a gigantic slide for drunk adults, live tunes and a massive grasshopper with flames shooting out of its antennas.... what's not to enjoy? There is something for everyone. I think it's definitely a must-see if you're downtown. (note: there might also be some sort of party dome here) I've never been to another container park, so there's really no comparison. For now, and possibly forever, it will be the best and worst container park I've even been to.
5	Entrepreneurial Opportunity. Innovation. Revitalization. Community. Entertainment. Culture. Fun. Family. Noms. Style.Seriously, the concept is amazeballs. It is inspiring to be amidst the local musicians, families coming together with their children, young/old locals and tourists creating cultural delight, the delicious options of food and beverage... Definitely worth a visit; bring your friends and family. There is such a strong sense of community and growth that one cannot leave without at least a tinge of hope and inspiration for the future of Downtown Las Vegas. Live music throughout the day and night; a variety to please all ears. Slide down the big tree house slides whether you are 3 or 30... It will be great. The Downtown Rangers help greet and direct and it is helpful to those full of intrigue or at a loss. High safety due to the security patrol which is not abrasive, but does make one feel comfortable.
4	This is a really phenomenal feat and is a great testament to architecture, art and ingenuity.  What a truly wonderful way to repurpose containers and make an amazing social meeting place with food, music, shopping and play areas for children!  Security and staff were amazing and it is a fabulous place to hang out, sight see or listen to some great live music or dj and people watch w a drink and/or some great food!
5	Fire coming out of a mantis? What's the difference between a mantis and a grasshopper? A llama and an alpaca? Helloooo?We were pre-gaming in Summerlin then moved on to Banger Brewery but that wasn't enough so we came here for more drinks and shenanigans. We went down the slide a few times - I recommend curling up into a ball once you're in the tube. I had my legs stretched out the first time and I got stuck. This is a playground for big kids and I love it! You have to be at least 21 and they will check for ID. If they had swings, I wouldn't want to leave this place. 5 stars!They have a jerky shop, clothing stores, cupcakes, frozen treats, barber place, BBQ, wine bar, a bar with beer and cocktails...but none serve fries. 1 star!We went to a bar and witnessed a tall guy bitch slap a smaller guy with what looked like a paper bag from Mac (not Mac as in Apple but Mac cosmetics). Is this how hipsters fight? Too much PBR. I was confused as I've never seen such wussy fighting. There was too much smiling and too much talking, not enough punching. That "fight" was too G-rated so being 21 to get in CP was not warranted. Cops were in the BBQ place - if I were a cop, I'd continue enjoying my BBQ than waste my time on those people.So yeah, the concept is a bunch of stacked containers turned into stores. I wonder if they'll have a dumpster jacuzzi. Hmmm...lots of drinks and shenanigans were definitely had.
2	I love the concept of Container Park, but the execution not so much.  They do succeed at bringing diverse groups of people together in a common area.  Comes complete with screaming kids everywhere though.  My biggest gripe is that important details were overlooked in the planning phase. The live music stage is a very nice touch.  All of the dining options require customers to order from a window instead of table service.  All of the dining places had long lines for food.  Bars had long wait times and seating is minimal.For people with young children, this is an ideal spot to take family.  The kiddos can play on the giant playground in the middle or run and whack each other with foam blocks on the stageside lawn.
4	Quite shocked at how much I liked the place. Surrounded by downtown Vegas that I really don't find appealing in the least this place is a gem. A neat idea, clean and well designed with some really good food and a central play area for the kids that is very nice. Live music and an open air feel to everything makes we want to bring the family down for a bite to eat. Just the sort if thing I see as a positive rebuilding downtown. As with anything downtown parking is not the best and being at the easy end of the redevelopment the surrounding area is a bit sketchy but well patrolled by metro and security. Downtown is going in the right direction and and I think I will be back here with the family. Definitely worth a visit.
3	As of now I'm not sold on the Container Park.  My biggest problem is that it feels too enclosed and private.  It wants to make Downtown Las Vegas seem cool and cultured; but only if you're inside the Container Park!  Only one entrance & exit?  I get carded to walk into here?  No outside food or drink?  Kids are allowed, but have to leave by 9:00pm?  It's great that they've tried to create a family friendly environment, but once you leave you're quickly reminded that you're still on the corner of Fremont and 7th.My favorite aspect of the Container Park is that it focuses on showcasing local businesses.  There seems to be a decent mix of retail, food, and drink spots, along with spaces reserved for art galleries.  Be sure to stop by JoJo's Jerky.  Later at night a curfew goes into effect, which allows adults to have fun on the playground.  Neat, but not really something I feel needs a repeat visit.  First time visitors, though, be sure to check out the ninja game and three story slide!It's a neat concept to be able to walk into a conex and be greeted by sales staff and retail goods instead of construction materials and boxes, but I can't say that the Container Park is a must-see.
4	They have a Giant paying mantus that shoots flames. What a cool spot. I just wish there was more spots in here late at night.
5	Pleasantly surprised! Nice to have a beer while watching the kids play.. Great for families who want to bring kids who want to run around.. Lots of restaurants & retail.. Great idea to utilize container units.. Parking had a fee, make sure you time it because we almost forgot about the time limit. Good mix of people, felt safe & environment was clean. We had a great time coz it was new to us
4	This is a great addition to downtown. It's super innovative, but not fully complete. I'm happily giving it 4 stars based on potential alone. They are building more bars inside and the potential for a nice block party on weekends is there. They have cute little shops and it is 21+ after 9PM. Before that though, they have an awesome playground place for kids and a stage for performances. CAN'T WAIT to see this place grow. Such innovation. Just too new for 5 stars.
5	Really awesome concept.  Several industrial containers transformed into storefronts, restaurants, and bars with a jungle gym for the kids in the center of the park (before 9:00 p.m., that is) and a concert stage.My friend suggested this place during a recent trip to Las Vegas and I'm so glad that we checked it out.  There's an eclectic mix of things, ranging from boutique clothes stores to small art galleries.  Apparently, the vendors were selected to participate (i.e., businesses couldn't just sign on), which I think is a smart way to ensure a good ratio of stuff to see and do.I love that this place is in downtown (in fact, just a block or two from Fremont Street), but feels miles away from the casinos, gambling, and general Vegas debauchery.  I only wish that this existed when I lived in Las Vegas!
4	I don't care what a container park is, this place is awesome!  I had no idea what to expect going in, and afterwards I found myself enchanted with this place and wanting to ask all my friends why they haven't been here yet. It's basically a little community of shops, restaurants, bars, a hair salon, treehouse of slides, and outdoor stage with live music. During the day, kids roam around with their parents. But after 9pm, they kick all the little kids out and the big little kids get to play with all their stuff!  The treehouse side (as epic as it is) looks super unstable and like a lawsuit is waiting to happen, but it was really fun to ride.I love the open concept of the whole place. Live music is awesome. You can order a drink from here and drink it over there. You can order food from there and eat it over here. No problem. I really liked it.It's like nothing else we have in Vegas, and I like it. So, why haven't you gone yet?!
5	Great place for tourist or locals, families or a night out with friends. Located in downtown but felt modern & hip, also clean and very secure (didn't run into a single pan handler) Cool art work, cute shops, good unique food & drink venues. I recommend pinches tacos authentic Mexican food, taquitos were delish and everyone around us had the taco plates which looked good too. Awesome  playground with tree house and mega slides (3 story high). At the entrance is a fire spitting pray mantis at the very back is a stage and open lawn for live entertainment, they even include big foam blocks to keep kids busy and cozy couches and heaters to keep adults comfy. Just go check it out for yourself. If you want close parking it's $1 per hr metered, or u can park in the free parking near main st/California hotel and walk a couple blocks.
4	I think this is the coolest idea. I was immediately intrigued when we drove by and saw the praying mantis that spits fire! However, when you are actually there, the sound of the fire is terrifying!! And, way too loud. I loved all the little stores inside. Although it was pretty cold to walk around, I cannot wait to go there this summer. There is a great area for live music, a jazz band was playing, and the music plays around the whole center.
4	Great Shops and Cool Concept!
5	I'd heard about this place from a few people and decided it was worth a shot to check out.   The concept behind it is pretty cool, a little odd but cool.  Containers setup in a rectangle... stores in each spot and an awesome kids area in the middle.  I had an awesome burrito at pinche's and the girlfriend and I sat there people watching for quite a while.   So for the kids... they have this awesome 3 story treehouse with lots of little nooks and crannies that are going all over.  Random foam looking pool "noodles" along with connecter pieces were laying all over for them to beat the ish out of each other or be creative (something for all types I guess?).  I was ALMOST jealous for the parents that brought their kids there.  The kids vastly outnumbered the parents there, so I've got to assume many were enjoying beers at the tables and just watching their kids go wild.  Over-all really cool place to visit a few times. Since I don't have kids, not sure how often I'll be back.  The burrito I had was some of the best mexican food I've had outside of So Cal... so that's the main draw for myself if I do find my way back.
4	This place is super cool, especially for those with kids. It's new so they have a few things to work out, but overall very happy to have this downtown. Mainly, I wanted to post a review of the store Crazy Legs. The staff was unprofessional and they have no return policy even though there are no dressing rooms! AVOID CRAZY LEGS!
4	Fantastic addition to downtown. They had live music in the afternoon with comfortable seating and a children's play area. At night I understand it becomes adult only. For anyone who has been a long term resident of Las Vegas I am sure you will understand me when I say that it used to take either work or an act of Congress to get me downtown. Now I could see myself definitely making the trek for an evening out or an afternoon in the park. The only reason why I am giving this place 4 instead of 5 stars is because it is pricey. If money is tight though they do have a green space which looked perfect for a picnic.
5	SO COOL! From the moment we walked in security was abundant and eagerly greeting guests. With multi-level container shops around the perimeter, Children's play area in the middle, and a stage at the end with live entertainment there is fun for everyone. Containers are made up of various retail shops and a vast variety of eats. I wish I would have known, I wouldn't have eaten before arriving because there were some serious good smells here. Prices in the retail shops and on the menus seemed very reasonable. So come hungry and enjoy, what this place has to offer!
5	Omg this place is awesome! I wish parks were this cool when I was a kid. Container park has a nice place for kids to play and is surrounded by local shops and boutiques (While it may seem like you can shop while your kids play, I still do not recommend leaving your kids unattended). They have fun face painters and the coolest balloon animal guy I've ever seen! He made motorcycle balloons, octopus backpacks, crowns, bows and arrows, unicorns you could ride, and cute flowers. I confess, I sat there for two hours watching him make cool balloon stuff, and even almost stood at the long line just to get one. They had fun gigantic Styrofoam legos to make cool forts and houses with (every kid's dream!), really high swirly slides for any kid to go bonkers with, and this really fun interactive light up game. This game you can play multiple games of your choosing from their selection in which you press the buttons as they light. For the "BIGGER KIDS" there's fun shops with artwork, furniture stores, clothing and accessory stores to browse. Wanting to get a little tipsy? Fear not, they've got bars where you can grab a beer or two, or maybe sip a little wine. Kids getting hungry? Fear not! They have awesome bbq joints and sandwich shops. Wanting something sweat? FEAR NOT! They have a candy shop, cupcake shop, ice cream shop...Need a hair cut? FEAR NOT! There's a barber shop! Wanting entertainment? NO WORRIES! They have live bands perform from time to time. The design is beautiful and fun both you and the kids would love...Downside, the shops do get pretty pricey in things, as well as the places to eat so if you're looking to spend on a budget, food and drinks would probably be your first choice, and then if you find something you REALLY REALLY want you might walk out with something cool and handcrafted. Try the chocolate covered bacon. Those are pretty good.
5	This place is awesome!!! They have a variety of shops and restaurants that are housed in shipping containers...not to mention a neat playground for kids. A totally modern concept and it's a fun place to go to kill a few hours. My family and I went and shopped and ate lunch there at Pinche's Mexican Restaurant. The chicken burrito was absolutely phenomenal! We also stopped and got some jerky at JoJo's jerky.....I'm not one for jerky but this stuff was amazing! They also close the place down to people under 21 after 9pm. We wanted to go back that night but had already made other plans. We will definitely go back to experience the nightlife. I strongly suggest that you go and experience Container Park at least once.....Fun place to be!
5	yet another great Downtown Las Vegas find! apparently, it's the brain-child of the founder of Zappo's (whose company headquarters is located in DTLV). this place is awesome.it's got a unique pull being that these shops and bars are housed in shipping containers, which makes it a great place to have small local businesses set up shop as well as a great tourist attraction that's even family-friendly because of the different eateries within the Park. the playground in the middle of it all is very reminiscent of Disneyland's "Tarzan's Treehouse" attraction because of the spiral stairs up to the second level and the skybridge along the top. a very cool place to meet with friends and get the night started if you don't intend on doing the whole expensive dressed-up clubbing thing on the strip. there's a variety of shops and the drinks are great, plus you're walking distance to other cool DTLV attractions once you exit the Container Park. -civilities.
5	Don't miss the container Park. It is a great addition to Downtown Las Vegas. Be sure to support the mix of shops, food and drink places. Make sure you stay after dark to enjoy the flame throwing matis. There is plenty of convenient meter parking on the street and lots.
5	This place is amazing! We had the best time hanging out here on our last trip to vegas whenever we wanted to get away from the Strip. Highlights were Pinches tacos, the Wine Bar, Jerky place but most of all I LOVED Blue Marble. They have the most amazing assortment of upcycled bottle items from glasses and candle holders to light fixtures, that you would never imagine Don't miss it!
4	Super fun place to hang out! Tried bin 702 for a grilled cheese and hit up the bar across for drinks.  Went after the shops closed so it was quiet. It was ok. Maybe we came at the wrong time but I wasn't overly impressed. It seemed pretty boring when we were there so I'm only giving it 4 stars as opposed to 5. It would be nice if there was a little more of a night life though
5	Amazing downtown attraction!Great concept, has shopping, activities for the kids and food and wine for the parents.I'd recommend this place for just about any type of outing.Families, dates or even just a sneaky bite and drink to eat
4	Awesome place to meet up with friends and just hang out.It's located in downtown so you know this place has a lot of culture. Outside is the fire preying mantis which has been seen multiple times at First Friday. There's only one entrance so you can't really miss it. They don't allow outside drinks from what I heard.There's a big Tarzan-esque playground in the middle with "imaginative playground" materials scattered across the play area in front. There's several shops and restaurants to eat at if you're here plus TONS of seating. If you've got an eye for art then this place is definitely for you. A lot of the stores feature art from local artists which is awesome. If you're planning on bringing your kids here do it well before 9 since they make the park a 21+ venue even with parental supervision. If you're in the park before 9 and are under 21 they may ask you to leave but I wasn't carded even tho I'm a 21 year old looking like I'm 16.If you haven't been here yet and don't mind trying to find parking then you should definitely come here. The fact that it's located close to Insert Coins, Vanguard and Commonwealth makes it convenient. I just wish this place had a big parking lot or perhaps underground parking.
3	I absolutely love the total concept and vision of the Container Park. It is totally cool, chic, and a magnet for the hip crowd that is becoming the cliche place to be that is the Zappo's environment of Downtown.Here are my thoughts:a.  Concept - 5 stars - The idea to stack ocean containers and retrofit them to an urban shopping and dining experience is freaking awesome!  What a way to go and to create something special and unique.b.  Restaurants - 3 stars - Plenty of bars and restaurants, however, on a busy day like today, they are both crowded and difficult to navigate. We were hungry and spying several places and finally said, the wait was not worth it, nor the difficult navigation.  So we opted to walk around a bit and then leave. The  issue here is that a Subway shop has more space to stay and order than the restaurants here.  The great thing is the variety, the style, the ambiance, the certain je ne sais quoi that makes the place so cool to be at. c.  Size - 3 star - For an urban environment and high density living style that downtown is attempting to be, my question is, why so small? the magnitude of the place is such a small scale. This will be great for nights when you have it crammed with the night life scene, but during the day, it should have plenty more space and places for people to hang.d.  ShopChoice  3 star -- I thought that the choices here for shops were a bit odd. All cool boutiques, but where is the demand?  No one was carrying bags.  No one was buying stuff in the store. Every store I went into, it was a bunch of workers and sales staff. Hardly any buyers, but some lookers.Summer - I wonder if they will have some kind of foliage or sun shades during the summer. This place is 100% designed to be an outdoor place and on this day when it was 80 degrees, it was not exciting to be out in the sun with no where to sit or relax.This place would be so awesome if they turned it into an eating mecca and put tables and chairs everywhere and had a focused vision.  For now, it all looks awesome, but just seems a bit "off".check the place out and enjoy it.  Be careful if you bring your kids.  By 9:00 pm, only 21 and over.
3	My only need to go back is for Sweet Spot Candy Shop (looooove them!) and Jo Jo's Jerky. Other than that, the food is overpriced & sub par, the shops are touristy crap and I hope the art galleries get out alive without wasting too much of their time & money (love you guys, but no one is buying art in the Container Park, I wish you all the best).
4	If you're coming just for the park, keep an eye out for street parking. The ones with the meters aren't bad.. $1 per hour with 2 hours max. You don't have to pay if it's after 6PM.It is very easy to spot the Container Park.. if the shipping containers stacked on top of each other doesn't give it away, the huge praying mantis sprouting fire from its antennae will. I noticed a few security guys at the entrance. One walked up to a lady that was smoking near the planters & kindly asked her to discard of it (not leave it on the ground) when she was finished. I thought it was semi random, but nice at the same time - to have a sense of security in the park. (& cleanliness!)  My friends & I went through the park pretty quickly. It was a weekend when we went, so there was live music - always awesome! The treehouse in the playground looked super fun! I will have to check it out for myself one of these days. We went through all of the shops/boutiques featuring art, fashion, recycled vases and glasses, etc.. all of which are really unique. Even though there is tons of restaurants located in DTLV, there are a handful of places to get some small eats in the park.The Container Park has a little bit of everything for everyone & is a great addition to Downtown Las Vegas! If you haven't been there already, go!
4	I love the concept and execution. Too bad the stores are an afterthought when looking for a reason to come here. If you've got a kid the top reason for visiting is their tree house and slide. Adults can go down the slide too, but chances are you may get stuck as it quickly snakes from side to side. My kid loved all the building blocks and the faux grassy area. It makes for a nice spot to spend a few hours with the fam when you're downtown. The couple times I've been there (once during the day and once at night) it wasn't tough to find street parking. After 9pm you have to be 21+ to enter.
4	Love this idea of Container Park and the atmosphere - especially at night. During the day, it's a great place for families and kids with a big playground in the center and the huge play area in front of the stage. It mellows out a lot in the evenings once the kids are gone and the twinkling lights come on. There are lots of heat lamps throughout the park for the chilly winter nights. Lots of cool shops to browse. Only a handful of restaurants/bars. It's a smoke-free area with a smoking area above the Boozery.
5	I've driven by here before the park opened and promised myself I'd be back to check it out. Parking was fairly easy to find. There are tons of spaces on 6th and 7th street that were free when we went (Sunday). The architecture of this place is the most unique aspect of it. The brightly-colored shipping containers serve with style and function and allow small businesses and pop-up shops to have their own distinct space. The variety of little boutique shops was plentiful and when you need a break, there are a good amount of food, drink, and dessert options. Plus, there are a good amount of beautiful metal sculptures that greet you as you walk in the park. The park itself has a huge and impressive kids playground in the middle. I was really tempted to hit up some of those intense slides, but I likely would have been kicked out. It's a child's dream! When you get to the front, there was a string quartet jamming to some current popular songs that was projected through speakers throughout the park. Keeps the whole place alive! All in all, I got some pretty cool and unique finds from some of the Portland-feel shops. I'll definitely be back!
5	I had heard about container parks, apartments, etc popping up all over Europe so when i saw the sign at the entrance I had to take a look.  I read some of the comments about it being small, and yes, most of the stores and restaurants are small, but I feel that if it were any bigger it would lose the appeal of it being a Container park.  We went on a Saturday morning so parking was free.  If you go on a Friday night, you'll have to pay for parking.  We went to Freemont the night before and paid $5 at the El Cortez parking structure so still not too bad since there is so much to do in that area anyway.  This place is great for kids.  They have jumbo sized legos, and some other foam toys they can use in a large play area.  They also have a large slide like the ones you'd find at the water parks.  Looks like it's a pretty popular since there was a long line of kids.  I even wanted to try it :)It may not be for everyone, but it's definitely worth checking out at least once.  You'd be amazed at how someone took these shipping containers and put them together to assemble a pretty awesome park.  Plus there some pretty cool artwork all over the park you can check out.
4	Warning! Hipster Alert! Wait ... hipsters in Downtown Las Vegas? Yes. If you haven't been to Downtown Vegas in a while, there is a slow but steady transformation and revitalization of the areas surrounding the Fremont St. Experience. And perhaps the most grand of these efforts is the Downtown Container Park, a slice of hipster paradise amidst one of the oldest parts of Las Vegas. DTCP is a pretty neat place. The concept is that they have taken old cargo containers used for rail transportation and turned them into a hipster strip mall. There's also different pieces of art made out of junk to fit the theme, and at the center a massive playground where the hipsters can dump their kids while they get a glass of wine or microbrew. And of course the shops themselves are uber-hipster as well. There's several art galleries (including one that is focused on Disney Fine Art, so hipster cute!), specialty food shops (cupcakes, jerky, kettle corn, oh my!) and apparel shops. There's a nice selection of restaurants and bars here as well, including some great BBQ, a Kerry Simon backed venture that specializes in pork and beans, a vegan/raw food eatery, a wine bar, and a specialty cocktails/craft beer bar. DTCP does look a little bit out of place in the midst of the old "low roller" casinos in this part of Vegas. If anything, it looks like a destination pulled right out of a Portlandia sketch. But that's not necessarily a bad thing. Variety is good, and the locals I spoke with seemed to like it as a spot that was different - something that you wouldn't normally find in Vegas. If you need a break from the Glitter Gulch, a short walk down to DTCP will provide a nice respite that will appeal to your inner (or outer) hipster.
4	Like many others have said, Container Park is a new retail complex in Downtown Las Vegas comprised of shipping containers.  It's trendy and eclectic and offers a safe, clean place for families to hang out during the day and a "contained" place for the 21+ crowd to socialize at night.  There is adequate, if not ample, street parking around Container Park and rates are $1/hour (maximum 2 hours).  I believe parking is free after 6pm -- anyone know for sure?  We went in the afternoon during a weekday and found the place very quiet (not a surprise).  Cool things: praying mantis sculpture at entrance, treehouse and slide in the center of the park, super yummy smells emanating from the various restaurants.  Not so cool: how excited will people be to visit Container Park in the summer during the day?  This park is obviously meant to be enjoyed whilst wandering around outside.  Will there be misters come summer to rehydrate the bodies of the dehydrated visitors staggering around for relief from the desert sun?  I would have liked more variety in the existing shops.  They range from recycled jewellery/housewares, "artsy" women's apparel, goodies (frozen desserts, cupcakes), and art galleries.  Fun to browse, but not enough interest to keep my attention for very long.  Then again, perhaps I have a shorter attention span than most other people....?We ended our visit to Container Park by chilling at The Beat Coffeehouse (just a short walk away).  Great way to conclude the afternoon and another plus in favour of Container Park!
2	Is this place cute? It's beyond! Does that change the fact that they had an attendant standing guard at the gate to the playground and only allowing a certain number of kids in every ten minutes?! Absolutely freaking not. I might try this place again when the novelty wears off or settles down. It was just too crowded and very small.
5	So neat down there... Can't wait to go back during the day and check out all the shopping...
4	This is my 3rd time here. It has definitely gotten busier since my first time. This place is the talk of the town. They are known to be an earth friendly park. They have a lot of art shops, sweet stores, and some other knick knack shops. I would say 85% of the shops are art stuff. Not a lot of shops I would go to. I do like the clubhouse right in the middle for the kids. This clubhouse can get so packed that there's a line to get in. When going upstairs, the stairs are super steep, so be careful. Another thing I liked, is that there's a stage in the back for a live band to play on, in front is grass that has big Legos and foam stuff for kids to play with and build stuff. There's some lounge chairs, well, to lounge on while you hang with your little ones and enjoy the sounds from the live band. I say, it's a pretty chill spot to hang out with both kids and adults. There are some bars where you can pick up some liquor while your lounging. There are 3 things that my husband and I were discussing about what would make this place unpopular. #1 - Today, the weather was nice at 72 degrees. In Nevada, it's perfect when you're in shaded area and extremely hot under the sun. I noticed, there wasn't a lot of shaded areas. They'll need to somehow put a cooling system in there. #2 - the grass area, where the kids play, I noticed a lot of the dirt and dead grass were flying everywhere. Not a good place to eat my halo halo at. And those who have allergies.... And in Vegas too... Not good for those with allergies. My daughter was complaining about that the whole time. #3 - well, it's in downtown. Not the safest place to take your kids and especially when it starts to get dark. All in all, I do love the vibe I get when I come here. I can relax listen to feel good music while my little one plays in front of me.
5	My family and I finally had a chance to come visit container park!! We loved it and are excited to have a park located downtown as a possible after-party destination to the Lied Discovery Children's Museum. So, this is located down town, therefore please beware of your children and the surroundings. There is a lot of trash everywhere and shady people. On our way in, there was a possibly homeless man shouting the homophobic F word at a security guard, and just a lot of people that are intoxicated. Aside from the crazy surroundings, the park is fantastic! There is a multi-level tree house with slides, and what I want to deem as life-sized bop-it. The kids both had a blast and there was live music and plenty of people for people watching if that's your thing. We arrived at 5 and it was extremely crowded, but by the time 6PM rolled around, it had died down quite a bit. That may be the time when hipsters begin standing in line to go down the slides for the perfect photo OP, but my children didn't mind. They just kept trying to convince me to go down the slides since they kept seeing so many "grown-ups" go down them. Unfortunately, my stomach was a little out of sorts on my first visit. I will certainly try them on my next. Thanks for building container park! We love it and will be back.
4	When I read about this place, I thought to myself, I had to come see for myself.  Once I visited the location, at first glance while walking in the main entrance, quite small for a park/ retail area. I was listening to a cool string version of poker face music, and I thought it was a playback cd they playing I saw the all female string band playing those cover music on the park outdoor stage, from this point forward I was blown away.  This place has a killer Mexican restaurant, the burrito I ate there is delicious.  This place even has a open bar for those adults who want to get there drink on.  This place has a beef jerky store and hat/t-shirt store and made in USA. I have nothing bad to say about this place but one thing I didn't like is the paid parking.
5	LOVE this place! I've been here couple of times thus far, love the vibe. Very relaxed, there is live music in the PM, few restaurants, Boozery (YES PLEASE!), few specialty stores and a giant tree house in the middle. There is something for every age, really worth going to at least check it out.
5	What a great extension of the Fremont Street Experience! Vegas's own little Hipsterville. The old school barbershop screams hipster. Chic boutiques housed in shipping containers create a voyeuresque look. Very modern and clean. The containers are Architecturally interesting structures to wander through, it's fun for kids and adults.There are rad outdoor sculptures that include a huge praying mantis. It's a Beautifully lit outdoor space for enjoying a different type of Vegas entertainment. Everyone is welcome, in casual clothes or dressed up. It's family and kid friendly. Kudos to the designers of The Container Park.Food trucks hang out and offer tasty affordable Vegas food. Forget the strip, this is more my style. I'm happy to hang out and spend my $$ here.
5	Amazing park to have a leisurely lunch in the concrete jungle of downtown. Pork and beans is great and the open seating in the area makes for el fresco dining. Plus if u have kids they will LOVE the play pen jungle gym it's like climbing a pirate ship. He'll I wanted to start racing the kids to the top.  Bravo on the new hip spot downtown!
2	Eh.  It's alright.  Worth checking out, but I won't be going back.We parked in the metered area, and I remember thinking "2 hours max - damn."  Going in, I assumed we'd have to leave and park somewhere else after our time expired.  We were out of there in about 90 minutes, and that includes waiting forever to get some grub.The entire footprint is small.  And cramped.  The design is nice, but I don't feel like logistics were considered very well.  The bathrooms are a joke - super tiny and hard to find.  Lines for the various eateries were extended out in the path of travel.  The play area in the center is nice, but already filthy and not well maintained in general.There are several decent places to eat.  There is also live music which was nice.  Definitely a "cool" concept that works well in theory, but, as executed, I just don't think it will work out.P.S. I fully expect that this place will receive a slew of 1 star reviews by people visiting in the months of May-October.  It will be way too hot to enjoy anything the place has to offer, especially considering there are no shaded areas and very limited seating within a few eateries.
2	Sad to give this place two stars because I was really looking forward to it. I will probably check it out at least once more to see if I can update, but it may be a while because it will be hard to convince the husband to come back.We went on a Sunday, a beautiful Sunday, and holy crappioli, this place was PACKED! Like shoulder to shoulder, new years eve on the strip packed. I was shocked. I should have known when I had to circle the block several times to get a parking spot. It is all metered parking, but where we parked was free on Sunday, which is nice, but it sucks to think you have to pay to park the rest of the time. I just don't think this downtown area is nice enough, or has enough to do yet, to pay to park down there. I had talked up the park to my kids and when we got there, there was a line just to get into the park area, with a security guard working as a "door man" letting kids in as kids left. Like I said, I felt bad because the kids were excited, so we waited but once in the park, it was literally impossible to do anything. The line for the huge slide was all the way down to the ground, and to do any of the other slides you had to pass through, full on neck to knee body contact, the people in that line. After feeling like I had gotten to second base with several strangers, I told the kids it just wasn't going to happen. Every restaurant there had a huge line out the door and considering how close each place is to the next, it just felt so cramped and small. We were constantly weaving in and out of people and there was no where to go to get a little breathing room. I guess it's good that it is that popular, the restaurants seem to be making a killing at least, but if I am going to be waiting in a line that long, there better be a ride at the end. Also, the bathroom was super trashed, and seemed like it hadn't been cleaned in days, but given the crowd it could have just been hours.  I think we stayed for 30 minutes tops, before we all felt way too claustrophobic and needed to leave. I can totally see how the young, hipster, crowd would love this place, but to me it was just torture to walk through. Maybe when the buzz has died down it will be more enjoyable, like I said it is a great concept, but it seems like they built way too small for the crowds they are getting.
5	So much fun. Brilliant idea.
5	Be sure to stop in at Art Box while here. No Yelp presence, but well worth the stop inside
2	This place was pretty fun. It was smaller than I expected...the children's park in the middle was fun for my little niece, but other than that, it was mainly just us walking around in circles. Definitely can see it as a hipster hot spot, with overpriced everything, including the cupcakes. Only plus side is that the park tuckered out my niece so we strolled off with her sleeping in her stroller. :-)
4	Took a visit to Container Park with my husband recently... Great place to just hang out.  It is quite small, smaller than I expected.  However, they have a stage for free concerts, saw one while there.  A park in the center and all shopes and restaurants surrounding the center.  If you would like a good seat, I suggest coming early, I heard they get a line outside when they begin to fill up.  On the way out there were drummers in the front getting ready to just have a ball, they had drums you can rent and just hang out and bang out! Fun stuff!
4	I really liked this place, so many different things to do. And at night they have live music which is fun. They have a couple different restaurants to try and a couple of bars to go to. They allow you to buy a drink and walk around the park which is nice.
4	Just stumbled upon this while walking around downtown Vegas after eating at Eat. Very cool mini retail area/live work/playground. Its looks really cool as obviously its built from containers. I had just eaten, but the Mexican restaurant sounded really good. Also, had a couple of bars AND a huge playgrounf for kids. Only in Vegas I guess. Also, have a pabilion and live music. These folks said we gone target anybody that comes this way. Worth checking out especially if you don't gamble and get tired of the strip in like 10 minutes.
3	That damn fire spouting preying mantis has shortened my life by 5 years, I have mini heart attacks every time it goes off.  I learned that it was actually constructed for Burning Man, and they could've left it there! I did like the "locks of love" at the entrance, leftover from Life is Beautiful.I've been here a couple times now, don't really need to go back. I covered all the little shops and "food stands", the only place that was of worth was Simply Pure. I'm lazy and don't feel like writing a review for each place we tried, so I will just put it all together here and summarize.Overpriced boutiques. I'm all for supporting local businesses, but the prices were outrageous. Food stands were ok, but nothing spectacular, and for the price, you can do a lot better.Pinches Tacos-overpriced street tacosThe Beatnik Coffee-not sure how you can ruin iced coffeeBin702-one of the more decent places to drink/snack hereChillSpot by SasaSweets-worst Halo Halo everI'm not a fan of the "Downtown Rangers" or whoever they are that accost you at the entrance, I don't understand why you would want to scare away kids and families, it seems like this place would be more suited for them anyways. Metered parking was a bitch, 2 hour time limit and the parking enforcement Nazis are out in effect! The coolest thing was the enormous slide and at the end of the park, the old train engine that is a traditional men's barber shop inside.
2	My impression is that I am not nearly hipster or yuppy-vapid enough to truly appreciate this place, I guess. My husband really wanted to go here so I humored him and we did just that, luckily it was after 9pm on a Thursday so parking was easy enough to find and we didn't have to pay, but any other time I can see the HUGE draw back. There were the drunk pretentious Vegas/LA type people who are only their to drink and be seen. Most of the shops were closed, except for the food and beverage scene. Not impressed at all. Pricing like that of The Strip, which I guess means it is normally overrun with tourons. If I want that experience i'll go a few blocks over to Fremont or down to The Strip. NOT going back if I can help it.
4	Had lunch here the other day at the BBQ place. There was a cool vibe happening. The weather was nice so we sat outside.  There was a live band playing during the lunch hour and it was pleasant. Had sometime to walk around after we ate and there are some very cool funky local shops. I will definitely be going back. I think it will be a cool place to check it out at night.
4	Really really nice place, great to know there are places like this one in town. We did come Sunday though, and that's the one downside: the place is rather small and it was PACKED. Overall though, really nice experience: tiny shops, cute bars and eateries, a super cool Hawaiian style band playing at the back, tons of space to sit down and an awesome kids outdoor playground at the center.
3	This is a place where someone who makes 150-200k a year could come, forget the already forgotten children, grab a cocktail, and eat "real mexican food made by real mexicans." I'm not mexican but I'm certainly offended. Who is this place marketed for? Possibly kids? Considering the giant playground that is somewhat likely. What about the small boutiques that are priced light years out the range of your average downtown consumer? This whole idea is a gimmick; nothing genuine. This is The Man trying to sell us his out-of-touch, bourgeois mall masquerading as culture. Real is few and far between nowadays when looking downtown and one should expect the corporations to gain a foot hold eventually but this is getting out of hand. Container Park would make more sense as the gift shop for Jurassic Park. Don't let me make up your mind but please keep your eyes peeled.THEN... I went again. And I guess I saw some stuff I liked. Im not going to change the first part of this review because that was my first impression. I talked to a few people down there that really liked the place. The store workers were nice and knowledgeable. One told me that they were even making pretty good sales. That giant playground is kinda fun. A lot of the stores sell items made by local vegas artists. A lot of that art seems to be women's accessories e.g. jewlery, belts, watches, bags, and  bows for your hair. Also, ladies might like the boutiques that sell shoes, tops, shorts, and skirts. They have one store that sells guy clothes. They had a glass art store that was cool and a leather store that was more workshop than store almost; both even do custom stuff. The beef jerky place there had like a hundred flavors. I really liked the spicy one. I also checked out the candy shop. They had all the old candy like skybars and candy ciggs. I realised today, just because I don't like something, doesn't mean other people can't like it. I feel multiple ways about this place. I hate that stuff but I like this stuff. 3 stars I guess.
5	i didn't know what is was for the longest time but we went on a Friday night and it was one of the best nights i've had in a while. we came in with a big group of friends and start looking about. they have shops and food and music and A BIG PEOPLE PLAYGROUND. yes, my favorite part is the big people playground. they have a tree house with slides and bridges and wonder! they also have this touch light game. it was so much fun. they have different games you can play, one on one or even doubles. best part is watching your friends try and find their lights. HA! we also grab some drinks but you cant take them in the playground or outside the actual park, just a heads up. still was an awesome place.
4	This place is so cute! I only been in the evening when there's no kids. It's like a little town.Once you get near it's like you're not even downtown anymore. They have security guards outside checkin IDs they are super nice but pretty strict they won't let you linger outside. Either you're in or you're out. Lol Inside is pretty cute they have a huge slide that my friends went in. They have restaurants, bars, & cute little stores. Of course the stores were closed. Everything is a tad over priced but that's normal. The bartenders there were not stingy with the alcohol we ordered a drink & they made it like 80% alcohol lolThe praying mantis would blow out fire and would scare the living sh** out of me each time!
5	By far one  of the coolest places in Vegas.  A nice break from the neon, glitz. Bin 702 is a definite highlight. Will recommend to everyone.
5	Really like the concept of the place!Something different for Vegas!First time here was during the day with my son and friend and we had a blast!This place is definitely for the kids when the suns up!At night, is as you guest it, for adults!They enforce the 21 and over rule, ID at the door or no go! Bars and restaurants were the only places open. The clothing stores and other specialty stores were of course closed.Over priced for food and drinks, but honestly you pay for the ambience!Overall still a great place to take my son or go out with friends at night!
4	Unique park in downtown that has restaurants, mini shops, and other specialty stores. They have this tree house in the middle that has a bunch of bridges and long slides. The lights and the whole concept of this place is pretty cool and of course, is great for taking pictures at. The food their is pretty over priced but hey you don't have to go there for the food. Overall, cute place!P.S. - beware the preying mantis (or embrace it)
4	Adult play time is officially on!Such an amazing concept for Vegas. Built entirely out of shipping containers, this unique park offers food & beverage, entertainment, art, exercise, and great photo ops for people of all ages! Don't come here if you are afraid of small spaces though! You really do forget you are in Vegas inside this park. It reminded me of some of the quaint main streets back home in the South that I used to frequent (especially with Big Ern's BBQ and Pork & Beans). Plenty of places to eat, get alcoholic drinks, see some great live music, peek some art from great local artists, etc. We got here early in the night, so we were able to check out most of the business before they closed.  I didn't mind some of the food and drink being over priced because there was so much free entertainment offered: bands, drum circle, crazy fire spewing pray mantas, art galleries, and play ground. The bars and some of the food establishments do stay open after 9 pm, and at this time, the park is only open to those 21 and older. They check ID's at the front gate.I really think this is a step in the right direction for Vegas. I can't wait to see what some of the empty containers will offer in the future. Handicap beware: the elevator was down the night I was there. As I am currently still dealing with a broken knee cap, I really struggled with getting up the stairs and through the small spaces with my cane. I would find it impossible to do the same in a wheel chair or walker.
4	Very creative place. What a way to recycle all those box cars rather than letting them sit in a bone yard. Go Vegas for your efforts to keep our environment clean. I visited this place based on this fact alone I wanted to see just how does one turn box cars into buildings. I was impressed very upscale atmosphere. Lots of restaurants, shopping, a stage with a grass meadow for concerns, Family friendly with a huge tree house and park for the kids to play. Lights on the trees to give a romantic setting and low key music to set a nice mood. In the front is a huge praying mantis with a DJ inside. Only thing I didn't like was how they shut down the shops so early it was Sarturday night and they shut the doors at 8pm in a 24 hour city just found that odd. Besides that I will definitely be back for those amazing tacos/ margaritas and shopping.
5	Every city should have a street block dedicated to a container park!  Downtown Las Vegas is certainly up and coming and I am pretty positive (even as a visitor) that the Container Park has a lot to do with it.This spot has the coolest tree house/playground area EVER.  The treehouse is about 4 stories and has 3 slides.... and on it I rediscovered the joy of slides!  The playground is good for kids of all ages and very safe.  Security guards are sweet but watchful and they make sure all people follow the rules and don't abuse the space. When we went during the day there was even a base player. The container park is a great place for kids during the day but turned into an adult hipster hang out at night. The christmas lights that are strung around the area give a great ambiance to the area. The area is basically a great place to explore.  We went into a couple of great local boutiques and looked around.  There were some places to eat also as well as dessert shops.  When we came back to the container park at night, we checked out Bin 702.  The cheese plate was amazing and so was the glass of Malbec I enjoyed while walked around the park. Yes, it is a little pricey but there was wonderful service and the place was awesome.The area is trying to be a zero-waste facility- an amazing goal for a city that didn't seem to be too eco-friendly.  There are stations that tell you how to recycle and divide your trash.The art there is diverse.... ranging from murals to a beautiful heart sculpture and a gigantic, kind of scary praying mantis that randomly sprays fire.  Super awesome!  I think the containers are also works of art: the windows, vibrant colors, the way they are stacked, etc.  It is definitely worth checking this place out to get a break from the strip and get your does of art and culture.  Perfects for bringing the kids during the day also!
3	Good use of freight containers; quite creative, I must say. But is it too creative at the retailers' expense or possibly their demise?If a shop is making a killing, imagine the sales per square feet (as long as the rent isn't too bad)! That is great! But the shops confined in those containers, although not all, are perhaps at risk of not "making it." The shops selling food and drinks may do well enough, but the boutique shops I'm afraid are so empty of buying customers. The Disney art shop has some nice art to sell but I just see a lot of shoppers, like me, who were just there to look. It's a nice concept. As a consumer, it's a good place to burn an hour or two. But it's not a destination park/shopping center. I can see myself going there to get a drink or grab something light to eat, although I can probably get the same things elsewhere, but definitely not to shop. The place is kid-friendly with a nice tree house and play place in the center, but no kids are allowed after 9:00 PM. Oh, the irony. So why have such a good portion of the real estate for the kids when they only have a limited time. Perhaps it is for the best and safety of the children; this is downtown after all. The performance area is nice. There's even a barbershop behind it. Why it's back there? I do not know, but nice use of old boxcars. And of course, one cannot miss the fire-breathing preying mantis at the park entrance.It's industrial art in an urban setting with its retailers hoping to generate enough sales to stay in business in years to come. I like the art part but the one thing it may have trouble with is staying relevant in this town, never mind making enough money. Even Mayor Oscar Goodman tried so very hard to make Las Vegas a city of art but it just isn't. People don't come to Vegas for art. There's not enough locals to fully support the art aspect alone. Art has struggled in this town.It would be nice to one day have a true art museum in town with different art installations and exhibits on display -- and I am not just talking about art galleries inside the mega hotels. But I realize once again that this is Las Vegas.
3	Going down a star after my experience this weekend. I do really love what they are trying to do with this place. But, if you are going to sell and advertise alcohol, don't make your patrons feel like criminals when consuming it!!!!First, we ordered cocktails at the Boozery, only to notice the sign on the patio telling us to stay put with liquor. There was a security guard standing just outside the patio leering at us. So, in order to meet up with our friends, we quickly downed our overpriced cocktails and ordered beers so we could take them and go. We sat at a table next to the play area so my friend could keep an eye on her kid. We had 3 security guards within the span of 10 minutes come and tell us that in ordered to be allowed to sit at the table, we needed to be consuming food. Now, I admit that I don't know all the legal ins and outs of liquor laws, but I'll never order a drink here again. I seriously felt like I got verbally assaulted for it, and I couldn't even enjoy my drinks.It would be better if this place gave you an instruction manual on alcohol consumption. Ridiculous.
4	Because who doesn't love large adult playgrounds with a treehouse and never ending  slides surrounded by booze, food, and candy?!  This place is so random it's awesome.  Out front you'll be greeted by a ginormous praying mantis that spouts fire at night at no particular times, only whenever they feel like it.  Feeling shaggy?  Get a haircut in the train located next to the front stage.  The workers walk around with ukuleles and there's a mexican food place that clearly says 'Real Mexican Food By Real Mexicans'.  Rad.  Go here and feel like a grown up ass kid all over again.
4	This place is a hidden gem!!  It's as child's and adults playground !!!   They have everything good wise bars shopping adult size slides!!!  And from 9-11pm its 21 and up AMAZING! !!!
5	The best thing to happen to Las Vegas since that  white tiger ate Celine Dion's gigantic horse face.Wait? What?  That never happened? Please tell me there's a giant metal praying mantis that shoots fire out its antenna out in front of a mall made from shipping containers surrounding a giant tree house with a four-story slide? Wait, what?  That's TRUE?  So there's hope for my Celine Dion dream yet.All Hail Tony Hsei.  He hasn't just revitalized downtown.  He's transmorgified it.
4	It's super cool how they put this together.  Recycling storage containers and turning them into an outdoor mall.  The playground looks like a good time, and I can't wait to come back and bring my kids so they can play.  The Beat has a small shop there as well, just to the left of the entrance, which was nice to see.  The best part is the giant praying mantis (or is it a grasshopper?) outside that spews fire!  Friggin cool.  You'll often find performers outside as well, just outside of the entrance.  That's fun.
4	I love the vibe of the container park...it's a little gated off Vegas escape.  It has a more urban/modern feel than the rest of Vegas and definitely Fremont area.  The park closes to minors at 9pm, so definitely has a lounge/bar feel with some of the restaurants that line the lower level.  I'm not sure if there is a live cover band all the time, but on Friday night they were playing on the back stage.  Love that the drummer does vocals for the covers =)  There is a large child/adult play area in the center...with a huge slide.  Kid friendly by day with a preying mantus that spits fire outside.  I've seen adults go down the slide too...so parents who are scared of creepers beware.  Cute little boutique shops with the matching price tag.  Overall, probably a good week end date night spot with all the little restaurant options.
4	Watch out for hot grasshoppers and llamas running about!  Unique local shopping experience. downtown needs this!  best shop:  the sweet shop!
3	I really like the container park but I had a not so wonderful experience this past weekend. I took my 2 1/2 yr old son and met up with some friends. There was a band playing on the stage and quite a few people on the grass. Well my son being the fun kid that he is, decided he would skip around and dance to the band that was playing. I got told by the security guard that he couldn't do that and he of course didn't stop when I tried to settle him down. So security told me, "he had to go". Nothing like telling a toddler he can't be a kid. So he of course cried when we had to leave the grassy area. I'm not sure why they provide a band, grassy area and a toddler isn't allowed to play around. We will take a break from visiting there so he can be a kid at a public park instead.
1	I didn't really care for it...Really overpriced, beer in a small plastic cup $8-10 bucks while having security watch you drink it...No thanks.  The only thing cool about it is the nice park in the center where the children can play.  The shops are nice however most of the art and goods being sold is really expensive.  It might work for a tourist hangout but too overcrowded and overpriced for locals.  Any review take as a grain of salt...Go see it for yourself.
3	The concept of the Container Park is a nice addition to the Fremont East experience, however, similar to the retail development in Costa Mesa, which was intended to showcase more independent retailers and products, the Container Park still houses a fair collection of knick knack merchants.  Unfortunately,  a number of these items are the same junky items that can be purchased at many of the souvenir shops along The Strip and elsewhere.The food offerings are a standout, in that they are not national chain fast food establishments that so many Las Vegas visitors seem to favor.
5	I am so happy to have found this place. For the past 4 months I kept hearing people talk so highly about the container park so I had to check it out. Parking was extremely easy and I love the fact that they have security standing at the entrance to make sure kids under 18 can not enter without an adult. It is so clean and you feel extremely safe. The play ground for kids is amazing! It is gated with one entrance only ( with a security guard) allowing you to drop off your child while you sit back and relax on their outdoor couches. The guard will not allow any children to enter or exit without an adult. The boutiques are adorable and the staff is very friendly.
5	Came for a stroll with my cousin and his friend for the second time. It's an awesome place and the atmosphere is great. Not mention what Tony Hsieh had done with the place, completely amazing. Did I mention we saw him too?! I recommended this place when on is in Vegas, just awesome.
3	This container park is a welcome addition to a really previously junky part of town. Actually, the case can be made it's still a bit neglected up here, but this innovation is a good start. Locals will be quick to tell you this project was made possible by Zappo's, and that's cool, but it's also moot. The point is it's just nice to see the downtown springing back to life!The container recycling concept is really catching on. I've seen containers used to build seaside condos, but this is the first time I've seen them used in this little outdoor mall/entertainment center format. The centerpiece here (and this will surprise some of you downtown Vegas purists) is actually a playground right smack in the middle, where dozens of screaming kids run wild. The whole park is very much family centric, and if you're in the downtown to party, this is not your place.Otherwise, if the Griswalds need a break from the Old Strip, you'd do worse than to bring them here.
4	Have been itching to check out this place but was warned of the crowds so I finally made the trip on a Tuesday morning.  Here are a few opinions bulleted for convenience:- Parking would probably be a pain if it was a busy weekend.  Be prepared with quarters and comfy shoes.- The team behind the design and construction of this place is genius.  The transformation of container vans into a sleek but whimsical, fun but functional space that people can enjoy for FREE is an admirable feat.  - The main playground/treehouse is quite a narrow space, I would definitely not attempt to go here if the place was packed.  But on a slow weekday, they still had lots of security guys roaming and constantly looking after kids and parents.  Great job guys.  I'm also not sure that the treehouse and slides are something that I would keep bringing my son back to play with.  Once or a few times would suffice.- There's a grass field fronting a small concert space with good sound quality so you might want to check out their monthly event lineups here - http://downtowncontainerpark.com/events/.- I wish the awesome mantis at the entrance was part of the space inside where people can enjoy it more.- I was only able to try 1 restaurant, the Mexican one and wasn't very impressed.  The only other spot that interested me sold charcuterie and wine but they opened late for lunch.  You could see that the people hanging out at Container park were there primarily for the space and not the food.  I wish they'd have some really sick/awesome food joints to keep people coming back for more.I'm glad I went on a lazy slow day before it became too hot.  It was quite enjoyable walking around to Jazz music wafting in the air, flowers on the sidewalks and children running here and there.  Will I go back?  Only for great food and music.
4	If you've been to Burning Man then you know the inspiration for Container Park. From the Giant Praying Mantis and geodesic dome at the entrance to the creative reuse of shipping containers the only thing missing is playa dust. The energy and dynamic that Container Park brings to downtown can't be ignored...and it's worth anyone's time to walk that extra block from East Fremont Street past the El Cortez to check it out. That being said I have 2 minor complaints about Container Park. 1: Parking...sucks. Yes they offer valet parking but if you like to park your own car wear comfortable shoes as you're going to be walking quite a bit to get to it. 2: It's not big enough! Container Park needs to be 2x the size. While Container Park has had some of the original businesses move out, once the management team gets the right mix of shops and galleries in place it's going to be a big draw for Downtown Las Vegas for many years to come. But I was pleased with the shops that are there now. Pricing can be considered a little high but you don't come out of the stores, restaurants, or bars and leave feeling like your wallet got burned. I'm no fan of Tony Hsieh and the Downtown Project but Container Park is definitely one of the better things he's spent money on down there. 4 Stars...and I can't wait to go back again!
3	Great place to spend an afternoon eating and listening to music.  Places to go is the Taco place and BQ Joint and the places NOT go, the bar BOOZERY, JO JOs Beefjerky and Pork bean, these places are over priced.
2	I wasn't impressed with this place.  We visited April 12th and it was hot inside the park.  I can only imagine how scorching hot it will be in July and August. The food stands had a really long wait and you had to stand in line to order...not fun in the heat.  There are many little aluminum tables and chairs to sit and relax/eat/drink, but then again it will be scorching hot to do so in the summer.  The shops are just little local artisian shops, not really worth seeing more than once.  Container park might be better at night since they have live music and it would be a bit cooler at night.
4	This place is AMAZING! came here and I was just in awe. This is a great place to come with your family, they have a play area right in the center of the place and your kids will just have a blast not to mention the drunk or wild and crazy adults as they have a huge slide for us to get on. In the far end you will find the stage where they play live music. They also have lot's of places to eat and shop. What's cool is they have a giant praying mantis at the entrance that shoots fire but be warned because the noise it makes is very loud, might make you jump. I know I did, hehe.
5	Love love love!! It's amazing how much Downtown Las Vegas is building and transforming into the creative, family-friendly and hip area it is. Container Park is definitely a spot to visit if you are in Downtown Las Vegas, or if you want to listen to good live music, see local artists' work, and eat local good food. It's also such a cute setting. After I came here for the first time with a few friends, I knew I had to take my boyfriend here for a date night (tonight). We both had such a good time :)
5	i love how all the businesses are local businesses. Super clean place, does not look ghetto like the rest of Fremont Street. Great food, Live music, & playground for the kids! i will defiantly be coming back!
4	Great outdoor activity for the wholr family. I love this place. Park for the kids and bars for the adults.  Varieties of food and I love the live entertainment.
5	Super cute place and an innovative concept. Loved walking through all of the different shops. Every shop owner was an absolute sweetheart. The playground area in the middle was running wild with little ones but there is then a strict curfew that clears them out after a certain time (9pm?). That is when the fun begins because you then see adults running around the playground and going down the slides. The praying mantis of fire is awesome but kept scaring the absolute crap out of me when I wasn't expecting it to go off.
4	Took the kiddos to Container Park and they had a really good time! Climbing the tree house, playing with the oversized blocks and having a shaved ice really made their day!Definitely recommended for a date night or a kids play day.
2	Welcome addition to that end of Vegas.  I got there pretty late, so most of the businesses were closed but it seemed like a quaint little area with shopping, eating, and a great area for the kids to play.
3	This park proved to be smaller than I envisioned, but entirely worth our vacation time and a welcome addition to the downtown scene.  I was surprised by the small size of some of the retail shops and question their continuing viability.  A few of the restaurants, notably Big Ern's BBQ and Pinches Tacos, seemed to be doing an excellent lunch time business.  The center of the park is devoted to a nice playground for children.  There happened to be a country band rehearsing and I was impressed by the quality of the sound throughout the entire complex. We talked to a couple of guards who said the park takes on a entirely different vibe during the evening.
5	*Sigh*There are a lot of haters in this world - hipsters who think it's, well, hip to hate on Vegas.  I've lived here over 12 years and have heard all of their whiny, skinny-jean clad complaints.  "Ew, it's like Capitalism on steroids there!"  "Ew, they don't recycle as much as the rest of the world!"   "Ew, it's too touristy."  "Ew, there is no culture there!""Ew, there is no sense of community!"Well, hang on to your scarves and beanies (that you're wearing in 90 degree weather) because Downtown Container Park is the contradiction to all of the above statements.  Most of the business that reside there are local -  contradicting the complaint about capitalism.  Dudes.  The whole park is a grand display of recycling and reusing.  Um, I guess it is somewhat touristy - but what cool thing isn't???  Fact - not all touristy things are cool, but most cool things are touristy.  Maybe.  I dunno. There are art displays, local musicians playing, a nightly drum-circle for peace, so there's your culture.  As for a sense of community, when I attended my first drum circle there I couldn't help but feel a swell of pride in my bosom (tee-hee, bosom)  to be part of the wonderful community that is Las Vegas.  Locals will love it - tourists will love it - it's one place we can all come together, beat on a drum, eat some tacos and just enjoy life for a bit.  Well done, Downtown Container Park.  Well done.
4	Wow.Downtown Las Vegas is really starting to come around.Took a quick little walk though this place.Such a cool use for old ship containers. Stacked about 3 stories high and filled with shops and restaurants. Big playground in the middle for the kids. There was a big stage and grass area to check out live music.Poked my head into Jojo's  Jerky. The girl behind the counter was kind enough to let us try a bunch of samples. Ended up buying the Curry Jerky, which was pretty darn good.I expect to come by next time I'm in town in a couple months.
3	The good - it is a great place to walk around if you have a few minutes, with live music during the day and night, a playground for kids, and several shops in shipping containers.The not so good - the shops are small, there is very little interesting here, several are closed or closing, and the food choices are slim.It is a good concept but has not met its potential yet. Still, if you work down town and want a nice place to walk around for lunch, this is it (at least until it is 100 degrees out.
4	Considering it is a "one of a kind" attraction in the area I'm willing to say, yes, I am a fan of Container Park.With its artwork and fire-breathing grasshopper-thing there is no shortage of areas to grab a cute pic, or take a selfie. Both times I've been here there have been children and adults alike enjoying the space. Strangely enough, the children/adult vibe here works and causes me no irritation.I've tried Pinches and SweetSpot here and I am looking forward to trying a few more places and exploring further. It's worth the trip to see it - even if you only do it once.Big con - parking is horrific. Ever since the Downtown Project started El Cortez has stopped allowing people to patron their parking garages for free. *womp womp* So be prepared for street parking and metering.
5	A few weeks ago I read a really interesting article about some looney toons wanting to build a park out of shipping containers in East Village San Diego. What are these guys, cray-cray? I thought so until I actually saw Downtown Container Park in Las Vegas, which was made out of, you guessed it, shipping containers - nothing short of awesome. Now I'm with the looney toons, let's build this sucker.Peep the pics before you think I've completely lost my mind and then bookmark this place for your next Vegas trip. It doesn't feel touristy and it seems that lots of locals come here to spend their afternoons eating, drinking and even getting their hair cut at the barber shop. There's a stage for live music and I was a little bummed that we strolled in when the band was breaking down their instruments since this seems like a great place to take in a cheesy cover band. Better luck next time!Take a lap or two, grab some curry jerky from Jojo's and maybe some wings from the food truck on the way out. I get it now, looney toons... SD needs this!
5	If you have kids this place is great! Out door mall with lots of options for good food.with gated playground in the center. They also have lots of fun activities. There was also live music. Love the idea of the recycled containers too!
4	Artistically creatative. I'm hoping this brings the city more revenue. Prices seem to be pricer than one might expect for being downtown. Hoping more tourist make it down this way to share the Ora of a new age for the down town scene. I've brought my guest from California down here hoping to share some culture for them to spread.There is a sense of no tolerance for negativity with security and law enforcement presence. I was happy to be able to see that their are boundaries and curfews inforced. ;) keep up the good work downtown project. I'm sure theirs many challenges ahead to turn around this area and proud to see iniative.
4	We had an hour to kill in Vegas and found ourselves here with ample people watching and good eats.
3	I love that Vegas is getting culture or what I affectionately call the: Zappos-ification of Downtown Las Vegas. Downtown is supposed to have an edge and I wanna feel the need to walk with mace in my hand. What's the deal with DTCP? Old shipping containers have been transformed into a community shopping, eating, and playtime destination fit for the whole family. There's a huge jungle gym, locally-owned small businesses, a wine bar, and few overrated & overpriced diners. Some awesome perks, the entire DTCP is a non-smoking and offers free wi-fi. There is a stage in the back of the space where local and traveling talents perform for free or special events, like fashion shows, or even headliners Sheryl Crow take the stage. So, you can either be included or not included. Check the schedule ahead of time.Container park is a cool place to visit, but there's nothing that has me begging to go back again. It's a place to eat, shop, and take in tunes. The only thing that makes this place stand out are the shipping containers.
5	Love the live music, small boutiques, and amusement park feel of this little gem.  I'm a tourist so it's not typical to be in this part of town, but I would definitely come back.
3	I have strongly positive feelings for this place that outweigh my misgivings most of the time. First my reasons to stop in- The outdoor park is incredible for  my younger (8 and 5 y/o) children to play. There's always other kids and they'll play for hours especially on the unique electronic giant thing. Sometimes there's live music which is always nice. If their Dads with us I'll wander to my friend Jessica Galindos cool shop, the galleries and to get a sample of jerky from Jojos. I've gone to this mall since the soft opening so unfortunately several places I really liked are already out (some back to only their original downtown locations at least) due to the short term nature of leases. There's some new ones but I haven't bought anything really special that's still available except leggings from Crazy Legs and random gifts from art box. I've also given up on any food options outside of snacks from the vegan place or the candy or cupcake shops for the kids. The meal places all were either too pricey for the food (big erns, pinches tacos) or wildly inconsistent good/bad food (bin 702) pork n beans was undercooked beans and they're closed now. Sweet Spot was always great but packed every time now which is the biggest drawback of the place. Tourist central!!! 90% of the friends on the playground are from out of town any time we've gone. And it's a mall plain and simple.  Ive never been for the night life time when shops are closed so no comment to that. So with the knowledge that it's a mall and everything that stands for I have a hard time wanting to go but when we're in the neighborhood it's hard to say no to playtime in that treehouse!
5	I really luv Downtown Vegas. This is a great new addition to the nearby area of downtown. Its very artsy and creative. The idea of large shipping containers into local businesses is very kewl. I like the fact that they enforce security and it is kept safe a very clean. After hours children are not allowed into the park and its a great adult playground. You can grab a drink sit and relax on any multiple of comfy seating area or you can have your own picnic in the mini park area while listening to a local evening band. Its great to cuddle up and relax with friends or someone special ...
5	Love it. Happened upon it and wouldn't even have known it was there if not for the huge praying manthis whose antennae light up in flames! A great idea to get people's attention. But then Container Park, what's that? A home decor store? My boyfriend insisted they had cool bars in there so we showed ID and in we went. The first thing I noticed was a huge treehouse. We walked up it and not only does it give you nice views of the park when you get to the top (and exercise) it has tube SLIDES! What a great idea and so much fun. :) Chill live music is being played on a stage behind a "grassy" area where people are sprawled out relaxing. Behind the treehouse is a light touch game, another brilliant idea, especially drunk. :p This is all "contained" around a few restaurants/bars that look promising. We only went to one, Boozery. Love the concept, I will definitely be back and I hope nothing closes!! Pork and beans looks great, I wanna check it out!
2	If you are from out of town skip this place. No outside drinks, no smoking, no fun!Worst beef jerky I ever had from Jo Jo
5	WOW what an amazing, fun place! Lots of people watching & young children. They have a nice little play area for kids to run around in but they have to be supervised @ all times. Lots of cute shops & a few food places! Popcorn & candy store! Very close to Fremont street you can walk here. No cost to get inside. They have a security guard who walks around & keeps an eye on things. I came down during the day but know its opened during the night time.
3	Zappos is trying to take over!! Ack!!  They are the Godzilla of old Downtown Las Vegas.  Best hide your llamas!We got around to taking a drive here to the current talk of the town, Downtown Container Park.  I do like the concept - what to do with old barge shipping crates?  I know, deck them out, put em together like a building, and charge a markup on services for unsuspecting tourists!  Brilliant.  Tony Hseih and company have got it down to a 'T'.As an idea, the park is awesome.  I do like the rugged architecture, turning large containers into habitable shops and restaurants with a central park environment that can be used for playing, gatherings, concerts, lounging...what have you.  But the execution...whew...hit and miss.Lots of things about Downtown Container Park drive me NUTS.  Let me count the ways:1) PARKING - Damn.  If you don't like parking on the curb pointing to the middle of the street, you're screwed.  Don't take your expensive Lambo or vintage Camaro here unless you can park right next to the park.  I have no issues with the 'ghetto' part of town but beware.  Park your ride too far from the park and in the middle of near-darkness, you could be asking for a break-in.  Please don't leave valuables that are too tempting on your seat.  This is just par for the course and in no way do I endorse we get rid of all unsavory neighborhoods.  Respect people, always.  R-E-S-P-E-C-T.2) CROWDS - Holy $hi+...wouldn't you know, Downtown Container Park is busy!  Friggin' busy!  Most of the daytime there is just WAY too much noise going on, people yapping, kids screaming, parents screaming, speakers blaring, singers singing, yada yada yada.  It's just too much!  Can this park be any more cramped?  I guess this is very par for the course as well since it is relatively brand new.  It's just cray-cray-crazy.  3) SHOPS - Like hardly any.  There's not much to do in Downtown Container Park as of yet unless you love free random concerts (see #2 above).  Not too much in terms of retail or anything else for that matter.  Froo-froo shopping I don't do.  There are quite a bit of empty shop spaces.  Hello, arcade anyone?  A comic book store maybe?  Hell, I would settle for an Apple store at this point just so I could play with some gadgets, and I don't even have an iPhone (I show the Androids much love).4) RESTAURANTS - It's probably just me just being impatient, but can we please have more eating choices?  What is this, only things Zappos employees eat?  A BBQ place, a semi-BBQ place, a jerky place, and a taco place.  Some candy and treats too.  But not even a pizza place within the park!  Or a hot dog!  I know it's no mall but a streamlined food court in the works eventually would be nice.5) PRICES - Crapola, did the recession hit everyone except rich folk (actually, I think it did)?  Expensive!  Everything!  Food!  Drink!  Even a damn popsicle bar runs $6!  $3 for a bottle of water!  WTH?  This 'gourmet' trend can kiss my @$$, I swear!  Robbery I tell you!  But again, I am biased because:      a.  I am poor      b.  I am cheap      c.  I am poor & cheapBut at least the park looks nice.  I like the playground area for kids (surrounded by Zappos security) where only animal allowed are llamas, grass is always nice, and I enjoy the hipster, eco-friendly vibe the place gives off.  I mean, the food trays used are mostly recyclable.  It is family friendly and very green.  But outside the walls, boy, you better be ready for reality to set in.  Downtown Las Vegas at night is no joke and is NOT for children.  That's probably why the park closes at 9 PM for anyone under 21.  Take heed!
4	I'd been wanting to check out the Container Park and hadn't gotten around to it.  Visitor to the rescue!  Hubby #1 was in town and he hadn't been to Vegas since before most Yelpers were a gleam in their parents' eyes. So off we went - me, him, and Herb G.  (It's complicated).We parked one block over and thought we were walking into it, and wondered why they were giving out free donuts and AYCD open bar.  But we were right next door, at the Learning Something-or-other, where every first Tuesday there's an entrepreneur conference for the Downtown Project.  It was 6 pm, so we apparently dodged the wristbands that we supposedly needed to get in.  All very confusing, but once the bartender set us straight (and got us a little smashed) we headed next door to the Container Park.It's a delightful place!  Unfortunately, on May 6th, the temperature was too COLD and it was too windy to enjoy it fully.  A girl band was playing and they were excellent, with the unusual addition of a cello player.  Lots of seating, a decent clean bathroom, an elevator, adorable kids' play area, and places to eat that we'll get to try when the weather warms up and we can sit outside.Loved the fire-breathing grasshopper sculpture at the entrance, and didn't mind two of Metro's finest cuffing and searching two dudes on the corner, since security inside the Container Park is really good.  There are some intriguing retail establishments that I'd like to check out next time, but we were all chilled to the bone, despite dressing for the weather, so we had to cut our visit short.  Bummer, but definitely a destination.
4	A great new addition to the Fremont St area.We were on a pub crawl as a group and stopped for a bite to eat .Everything you need was there food, drink , music, washrooms.I was impressed and will be back next year, keep rezitalizing the area it will draw more people.
4	I really enjoyed myself in this place. Looking at it from the outside you would not think it is as nice as it is in the inside but I must say that I was very impressed. I did not think that a glass of wine served at Boozer bar (I think it was called) was worth the $12 when the restaurant at the edge of the container park before you walk out was serving the same glass of wine for $5 so I took away a star for that. It was just highway robbery for that cheap wine and if it is sold for $5 at a different restaurant in container park then it should be sold for the same price there as well. It wasn't a fancy bottle for a plastic cup worth $12. Anyways, the park itself was amazing! Play ground for kids, people laughing and loving their time. Food everywhere, coffee, ice cream. Perfect spot for a family. I will go to this place over and over again. My second day was in the daylight and I thought it was amazing. Especially after my initial impression from the outside. Walking in was like night and day.Check this place out because you're going to love it!
4	This was my 1st time here and I was pleased. This is a great place to shop, eat great food and it's also kid-friendly...I'll definitely be back!!!
4	Interesting concept. The treehouse playground looks awesome and like a lot of fun. The BBQ smells amazing but I didn't try it ;-) The lemon shakeup place had great refreshing lemonade, which you need because somehow the heat rattles rains all the metal containers and whatever the paving is made of (not concrete) and makes it super hot in the courtyard. Good thing there are couches and tables in the shade and a fairly big grassy lawn to sit on and watch live music which they have throughout the day. Good place to bring kids downtown but nothing too special for adults.
5	This place is like an adults playground. I absolutely adore it and wish I could go more often. I live in Henderson, so it's kind of a treck up to the Freemont street area, but every once and awhile I just NEED to go there. So what exactly is the Container Park besides for sheer brilliance and awesome? I'm glad you asked. It's about a block south of Freemont Street, pas the Griffin, Insert Coins, and those other places that I never really pay attention to. On the right side of the street, you are greeted by a GIANT FIRE BREATHING PREYING MANTIS. No, really, you are. After the sun goes down, at least. Reasons why this place is awesome reason 1. That mantis is so cool. It's controlled by a person that presses the flame thrower button on it at various points in time. You can cheer them on for extra fire! Yay! Fire!During the day, it's a good place for families to bring their kids too, since they have a free playground area complete with blocks, interactive stuff, and a giant slide in the middle. Great fun for the whole family, really. There are also a variety of small shops made out of, well, containers. If you feel like having a cold one on a hot day, which happens in Vegas, there are a few bars scattered around to quench your thirst as well. The area isn't exactly BIG per say, but the Container Park manages to pack a punch in the area it was given. They also have a stage with live music from time to time. Oh, and by the stage, there are couches that you can sit on, as well as balls you can kick around. Awesome, right? Yeah, awesome. So the fun part of the review. After dark, it becomes an adult only area. That's right kids, no entry after a certain time period. You have to be 21 or older to enter the container park after 9 p.m.? (I think it's something like that) and that's when the fun happens. Sure, some of the shops are closed, but the bars and places to eat are still available. Don't worry, the playground is also still open! You know you want to have a few beers and go down the 3 container story high slide. You know you do. I did and it was amazing. Hanging out with a bunch of adults that like to have fun and play with blocks, balls, and slide down slides is probably the best thing ever. Add some alcohol to the mix and it just becomes the best experience in the world. If you have children, I recommend coming here during the day and let them ride on the slide, or heck join them! If you are an adult, I recommend coming here at night and riding on the slide! I may like the slide, a little. Maybe. Either way, the mantis, the atmosphere, and the slide are just 3 of the many awesome reasons you should come and visit the container park. Oh and live bands. I mentioned that too, right? Now I want to go there again.
5	Love me some Container Park. I go with the kids who burn off the tacos and cupcakes in the park area. I go with adults and grab a drink from Bin 702 (who introduced me to Stella Artois Cidre) and just relax on the patio. It can get crowded, but that's better than the alternative. The live music is great, food is fantastic and I've done a good amount of shopping in their stores all in the name of supporting local businesses. It's ALL good. Any negative comments are totally unwarranted. Like parking . . . You're Downtown - parking isn't supposed to readily available. Have you ever been to a city before? How about parking a few blocks away and walking a bit? If you fear for your life, I'm sure a Downtown Ranger can escort you. If you fear for your car, park it in a casino garage. Not many developers would have speculated on a project of this magnitude.  Las Vegas owes Tony Hsieh a huge thank you for this investment and the hundreds of thousands of repeat visitors and new residents to the area would agree.
5	Best spot to hit up in Downtown. Good food and a fun atmosphere for the whole family. Even adults can go on the slides ;) go go go!I've never been to a place like this before.  I first noticed the place when I ran the Las Vegas Rock n' Roll marathon. The fire breathing pray mantis was what got me curious. I finally got to check out the place back in January when a group of my friends and I hit the downtown scene. We went bar hoping and then checked out the Container Park. After 9pm the park doesn't allow minors in the facility. It was really cool that playground was open to "children of all ages" so we were able to go up on the super tall slide. It felt good to be a child again. The security guards and staff around the park are very welcoming and friendly. Totally a Vegas must...Go go GO!!!
4	Becomes a 21 and over place after 9 pm
4	Came here tonight and thought it was interesting! The place has something to do for all ages, including a little playground in the middle. There was even a mantis at the entrance that had flames coming out of its antennas (we called it the Flaming Mantis). I was a little surprised with how small the place was, and was even more surprised that the shops were closed. Having lived here in Vegas for 13 years, I've gotten used to stores/shops closing at 9 or 10 at night, but we came here around 8:30 and a majority of the stores were closed. The only ones open were the eating places, including this jerky place (Jo Jo's Jerky) that was super awesome! The jerky sold at that store is very tasty, full of flavor, and will definitely leave you hungry for more. 1 bag of jerky is $8, which was a little steep but the jerky was delicious. Definitely recommend visiting this place!
5	This lil park at the downtown end of Vegas near Fremont hotel is pretty kool for kids. It's urban trendy like the lab is Costa Mesa...and oc mix mart in fountain valley. All the stores are made of cargo containers. The lil park has a giant tree house, misting fan and electronic simon say jungle gym. Best thing is they have personnel working there to make sure kids play nice and done hurt them selves. Ur warned at the entrance to park: no running and if you are warned 3 times then you're out. The 3 strikes law. Lol.
5	i really liked this park. the playground for the kids was super cool and hope to take my little one there. the night we went they were playing Jaws on their movie lawn and the place smelled of good food all round us. i love the look and direction DT is going.
5	This place is pretty cool.  The giant praying mantis outside is neat to look at, and the atmosphere is great.  I wish they had more stores in the park, but I will say when I went to visit it, it had just opened.One thing that kind of made me crazy though was that the flooring for the upstairs walkway is see-through, and you have to kind of mentally prepare yourself and reassure yourself you wont fall through.  It is very sturdy, but the mental thing is does to you is distracting.  lol.They always have live bands playing here and its walking distance to Fremont Street.  Parking was easy.  I really enjoyed it and will be back next time I am over in that area.Great place to take kids, there is a giant play area right in the middle of it.
5	My kids love this place! Their faces are so flushed from climbing the tree house house to slide down the slide. And they have very nice 'Downtown Rangers' who attend the kids area. Kids have to be dropped off and picked by an adult at the gate door...and they are strict. Kids 6 and below have to be chaperoned by an adult.We came in early evening so we have shade to sit under and temp is cooler. Really fun place and hang out. Lots of food and drinks...pricey but good.
4	Cutting edge, innovative, creative, fun, friendly and safe.  Well done Tony and everyone involved.  The food, art, music and entertainment is just perfect for this corner.  A lot of tourist on the strip is missing out on this gem!
5	I love the container park! This area of downtown was very run down before the container park went in. I think it is fantastic. When friends come to visit I have somewhere to take them.I have only been at night after 9, when it is adults only.The fire shooting mantis is the best! I love it!The vib is super funky and hip, and it reminds me of the S.F Bay Area. So yes I am a fan..
5	I vacationed here in Vegas and this park wasn't what I'd expect in Vegas. So cool and unexpected. The ambience and energy was awesome! There are some cute boutiques and eateries. Great experience for sure!
5	I absolutely love that Downtown Las Vegas is getting a facelift. Awesome dog parks, lofts, hipster type bars, poetry nights, food selections galore, mixed with old neon nostalgia and newer modern fixtures. Add every type of walks of life, some art and a little culture, and you get a pretty awesome area to hang out at. One of the best additions to the Downtown area is the Container Park. There are two different experiences: before 9pm when all ages are welcomed, and after 9pm when it becomes an adult only wonderland. Before 9pm: I've taken my 3 kids (ages 14, 11 and 7) on numerous occasions, and they've all enjoyed the place. We've given our business to as many store fronts as we can, as we'd like to see this place stay open, be successful, and possibly expand somehow. We walk around and get treats from the popcorn and cupcake stores, I indulge in a Thai Iced Coffee, we've eaten at the BBQ and taco restaurants on more than one occasion. We browse the art galleries and have of course, sat in the grassy area to listen to live music, and for the kids to play on the playground. We always make it a point to go near sunset, as we love to be part of the drum circle at the front entrance. We once went with 15 or so people, and even on a busy Sunday, found an open table and enough chairs to where we could all eat at the same time, right next to the playground tree house so where we could supervise the kiddos.  Tip: When you first arrive, ask what time the first drum circle begins. Go back to the front entrance 10-15 minutes beforehand, to guarantee a seat and a drum, so as to be in the drum circle to wake up the big Mantis out front. The drum circle lasts 15-25 minutes, you're following a khaki-clad Downtown Ranger, following the ranger in a series of drum beats and patterns. The Mantis then wakes up, blowing out fire. It's quite impressive.   After 9pm: A few friends of ours got together at Container Park to join their 'movies in the park' series that they had in May and part of June. They show old movie classes on a big projector screen over the stage at the grassy area. We brought our own blankets, but the park provided beach blankets, floaty blow up inner tubes (PERFECT to use as pillows) and beach balls. The two times we've gone, they showed the original Jaws and Weekend at Bernie's. They have a mini bar set up on the grassy area, but some of the restaurants are still open. The vibe is chill and it's quite a different experience, sharing the tree house slides with only other adults, instead of having to wait your turn amongst a million 5 year olds.   Hoping that they bring back the 'movies in the park' series soon! Definitely going to make this a regular place to visit.
4	Loved the COOL college like atmosphere and the Funky shops.
1	Frequent the Park Often Love the atmosphere Resturants,Childrens play area and my Favorite is  the Sweet Spot Candy store......Very Dissapointed that after 9 I could not even sit on the steps outside the main entrance with my children in a stroller.The Security guard said we would have to stand on the sidewalk! Really........I totally get the whole 9pm thing inside, but find it ridiculous you cannot sit even out side the park. The security guard was rude and actually laughed at me. If you want to re amp downtown and make Las Vegas more Family friendly you should reconsider somethings!!
5	5+ stars!The Container Park was such an awesome place to visit and quite honestly, one the highlights of my trip to Las Vegas. The area was still relatively new and we found it really quiet on an early Thursday afternoon. So we took advantage of the ample lawn space and practiced our handstands and cartwheels, hung off the ladders of the caboose, visited the barber, ate some jerky, lazed on the swinging bench, and watched some kids tag the brick wall with some chalk. All while the sun loomed high with nary a cloud in the sky.The centerpiece was a tempting treehouse that was off limits because the scorching heat had turned it into a huge vertical frying pan. We entertained ourselves with the NEOS play system where we tuckered ourselves out with light-tagging challenges that sent us in cardio circles. Running under unrelenting heat rays sent us panting to the shade where we constructed a giant-sized Jenga set with the foam blocks. A nearby curious child joined our game and with his father's help, he managed a few key plays.   Another friend fashioned herself a couch complete with a drink kozzie and sat back chanting, "Jenga...Jenga...Jenga..."  What goes up must come down and down the tower tumbled at eight levels high, raining cushy blue rectangles to a chorus of mirth and merriment.Intrigued by tales of the past-9 PM wonder hour, I will surely return the next time I am in the hood.
5	I'm happy! Kids are happy!!! We visited this place yesterday and wow, Right in downtown on Freemont, keep walking and you run into this .  The entrance alone, From the heart with locks on it (Does anyone know what this heart was dedicated for? I call it locks of love, like in Paris, because I don't know what it is), To the praying mantis in front And some lighted up bubble dome next to it, All will find you curious intrigued and excited. As we entered the kids ran straight for the park right in the middle surrounded by Boutique style stores and restaurants in shipping containers. Although the park is downtown and built next to apartments or maybe rentals we did not feel any worry inside the park because they did have "security"presence everywhere. The kids played a good two hours in the park while The hubby sat I window shopped. The prices were a little high in some retail shops but the jewelry store was reasonably priced and they had cute and original items.Tip: not many choices of eateries, at least family friendly inviting, we ate before we came.  I love that Vegas (Zappos) has moved into the 21st century of family entertainment and social gathering. I've lived here for 18 years And places like these are much needed in this town. Yes it's Small but that's what makes it nice, especially when you're trying to keep an eye on your kids. It's not too overwhelming. This is not like the Grove in LA or Townsquare this is something different and unique. I like the whole "green" thing they have going on with the  containers and recycling bins all around the park. While sitting at a table watching the kids  one of the parents decided to "light up" and security told her that there was no smoking allowed. This made me happy. Yes you're outside but no smoking is allowed where the kids are playing. :) As we were ready to leave, around dusk, we were exiting & the employees of the park brought out drums and musical instruments (placed in a circle around the emcee) for all to participate in their musical serenade to the praying mantis, fire came out of its antennas. A good 15+ minutes of audience participation (mostly geared towards the kids). What a great way to end a day at the park! This is my new hang out  With the kids and my Mommy friends.
5	Container Park was a blast for my son and at night turned into almos turned into a adult like playground. Good for mellow casual fun!
4	While waiting for Park on Fremont to open, I decided to stop by the Downtown Container Park which was nearby to check it out because it looked like a cool place to hangout for a little bit.  Going inside, the park is a lot smaller than I thought, but I was pretty amazed how they made this place out of shipping containers.Unfortunately, I was there a little too early since all the shops and restaurants were still closed and I didn't get to see the flames shooting out from the antennae of the giant mantis sculpture which I think is pretty awesome!I wouldn't mind coming back here again though to check out the food spots and especially to see the place shine at night.  It's a pretty awesome concept and it's great to see something like this built to have more visitors on the east side of Fremont Street.
3	My wife and I were in Vegas and had heard about the container park and had to check it out on our way to the mob museum.All this is is a Multi level shopping center constructed of containers with very small local artists.  I thought it was more of an art display judging by the giant preying mantis in front but it was not.Here's the thing, it is a great concept but I don't understand why it is so popular or such a big deal.  A few small bars, a few small shops and in Vegas everything is living large so no clue why this is so cool.  Maybe just because it's an escape from the ordinary?  Anyway, not worth driving from the strip and paying for parking as a tourist but maybe as a local I would check it out.
4	I haven't gone during the day time, but during the night, it's closed off to those who over 21+. There's a fun recycled tree house to play on and go down the slides and a beef jerky store that gives away samples. They also have a live performance going on and alcohol and food places that are open as well. Not all of the places were opened but many on the first floor were open. It's a pretty neat place to check out, to see how recycled material can be used to create beautiful places. It's free to get in, but parking is tricky. We parked at a dirt lot about 3 blocks down.
5	I loved this place!  On a whim we decided to go last minute.  The architecture, artistry, and modern feel are dead on!  Loved the Loveless art studio & park with band.  The interaction with adults & children is what makes this so successful.
3	It was okay for me nothing big they have a live band. Blankets and a swing chair you can set on really chilled atmosphere.
5	Welcome everyone to Las Vegas HIPSTER PARADISE!Been spending most their lives, living in the hipster's paradiseBeen spending most their lives, living in the hipster's paradiseKeep spending most our lives, living in the hipster's paradiseKeep spending most our lives, living in the hipster's paradiseI really love how the built this near fremont. It gives the Fremont another thing to do at night. I really like the vibe here, a bunch of boutique stores, a jungle gym, free live music concert on the lawn and a friendly atmosphere!A few of the notables are the trampoline, giant lego blocks, black wall and chalk, and giant praying mantis! We checked out the disney store, the ice cream bar and the beef jerky store. We loved it all.Definitely, a cool place to hang out when you're bored of the strip!
3	Been here once. It's small, lots of shops. Live music. The praying mantis lights fire around 9pm. I personally didn't like it. It's very much for families. I felt awkward. So my date and I found other things to do. Wasn't my thing, might try it again one day. But not anytime soon.
5	I went to Vegas back in April but forgot to write a review for this place.  I was overwhelmed by places to review in April. :)This place is amazing.  My group of friends went to Fremont to do the whole downtown experience away from the strip on a Saturday night.  We typically leave 1 night per trip to come to Fremont for the completely different experience you get there as opposed to the Las Vegas Strip.We were actually trying to find the new SlotZilla Zipline (that was unfortunately still under construction) when we wandered south a bit from the Fremont Street experience.  Boy I am glad we decided to do that because we found this little treasure.  Keep in mind it was about midnight when we wandered across this place so I am sure it is a difference experience during the day.  When we got there, it was not very busy and they carded us at the gate.  I guess it becomes 21+ only after 9pm which is awesome.The middle area was a playground type of thing which I'm sure kids use during the day, and then drunk adults use at night.  The stand out in this area was a light up game that made you push lights as they come on while your opponent tried to do the same.  This led to hysterical fun (especially after drinking a few) and burned quite a few calories in the process.There were also restaurants and stores around on multiple levels but the majority were closed.  It was Midnight after all so I cant fault them.  The Jerky place in there was amazing....I ended up buying like 10 bags because it was so good.  I would like to come earlier to see more of the stores and places.Did I mention that the whole place was made out of shipping containers by the way?Way cool!
4	A great attraction just down a bit from the covered portion of Freemont St.  Certainly a bit of a "hipster" vibe too it with many random shops of eclectic nature more targeted for the ladies.  Several decent dining options around the outsides, with lots of outdoor seating.  There's a big play area for children in the middle that's built like big tree house.Well worth a stop in if you're in the freemont st area.  Look online and check out live music timing for entertainment inside.
1	I love most of the shops here including Bin 702. The playground is fun and the stage is awesome however my wife was unfairly picked out by a security guard named Mr. Jerry as "looking suspicious" this after she approached him to ask what time they close. I may return but SHE NEVER WILL. We called it GOTHIC PROFILING. Mr Jerry is Black. It's unfortunate that this put a damper on an otherwise awesome night.
3	Cool little trendy dig.  Hipster family friendly and active interactive.  Nice hub for a bit of First Friday-like art or local business support.  There are a few restaurants including Mexican, bar food and even a Vegan chef there.  You can find boutique clothing like the Bettie Page lingerie and a separate Bettie Page shoe shop.  You can get a haircut at the Barber shop too.  In the middle is an enclosed play area that is attended by a clerk who makes sure that your kids can't just wander off.  It has a pretty tall multilevel fun house including a really long winding slide.  You can watch popular family movies from a giant projector on Thursday evenings.  There is a stage for what I think may be live acts.  When the sun is waning they make a semi impromtu drum circle and encourage the kids to play along while a giant Mantis emits flames.  Pretty cool.  The kick to it all is that it shows examples of green living and how even businesses can think outside of the box reuse abundant resources and still be sheik.  Lets see how this experiment plays out..
4	Not sure why it's taken me so long to review container park, but better late than never. First off, when I first heard of container park I was intrigued, and once it opened it's definately become a staple of downtown and a place that I end up taking a lot if my out of town friends. The first thing you'll notice about container park is the giant praying mantis art car on the outside. If you've been to burning man or are familiar with the art there you'll notice and love it. For all my other friends it's always such a giant shock when the flames burst from it. The concept of container park is an entire shopping center made from shipping container, it's a novel concept and it works better with some stores more than others. There's several restaurants, a few bars and clothing and art boutiques. It's a perfect encapsulation of the new downtown Vegas. One factor that really bumps it up for me is it's dual use. During the daytime it's a great family friendly park where kids can play on the slides and grass, but after 9 it's 21 and over and the only place I know where drunk adults can have a playground to themselves. There's also the staging area where they have concerts or a live band playing a lot and during the summer they're goin to be doing movies. The only real downsides in my opinion is that the parking is horrible, but that's atypical of downtown and that when it first opened, some of the businesses weren't really made to run out of such limited retail space, but it's definately improved and I love coming here
4	I'm not quite sure when they finally got Container Park up and running, but as I've spent only a handful of days in Las Vegas in the last year, I hadn't had a chance to actually check it out until tonight.  Granted, I saw it at 10:30pm when it closes at 11pm.  Most of the shops were closed, but there were a few eatieries and a bar open.  And I got to watch a decent little jazz band play to the 20 people that were still in the park.  I'd love to see this place during peak tourist time as it looks like a good place to chill and people watch.  Perhaps I'll make it back out here when I have a day off next week.  I'm sure I'll be back during Life Is Beautiful!
5	Before my Vegas trip last week with my wife and my 5 year old son, i checked Yelp to find any activities or things we can do as a family, since my 5 year old isnt into drinking, partying or hitting up titty bars.I came across this place and said we had to try it cause it sounded and looked really cool. We came around 1 p.m. and it was pretty dead. I have to be honest and say it was really cool. Its pretty small but alot of little interesting things to do with kids. It is amazing how all those teeny tiny shops are made of big cargo containers. We didnt eat or anything, but we let our son draw on the wall and i basically just chased him around and played tag for about 30 minutes in the treehouse. I bet this place is really fun at night when its 21 and over. We only stayed about an hour cause we had a drive back to L.A. to get to. Ill definately come back when i come back to Vegas, also the employees around were all super nice.
3	This place is kinda cool, I guess? The concept is neat, and when you see it from afar you'll be thinking you totally want to go check it out. And you should. There are some unique art installations in front, which includes a giant bug and some military-type stuff. It's the sort of nightmarish hallucinatory artwork that would be at home in "Fear & Loathing in Las Vegas". Once you step inside the "park", you'll find it's just a collection of small boutique stores, many of which didn't hold much interest for me. This is the kind of place where you come to grab a beer, walk around window shopping for about 20 minutes, then hit the road. Of course, if you want to be lazy about it there are plenty of little alcoves and rest areas where one could lay down, catch some zzzs and people watch for an afternoon. Fun to check out once, but I can't think of a single reason why I'd go out of my way to go back.
4	Great addition to downtown Las Vegas.It's a great alternative to townsquare or the linq. it's got a bit of a hipster flair. I love that the stores are local stores, not big chains. on the weekends they have live music. i hope this place really takes off. for the time being, it looks like there's not a whole lot of foot traffic to the park. i've heard a few tenants complaining about lack of advertisements and subsequent closing of the smaller stores. locals should definitely come and check this place out!!
5	Such a fun place for the family. Have the kids do the passport stamps, they will get a lot of free goodies. I've brought my family here twice and I have a 4 year old, 11 year old, and 14 year old and each one enjoys it. I haven't tried the food yet so I can't rate that. I'm looking forward to coming for date night with my husband because after 9 pm it's 21 and over.
3	Container park was cool to see, but nothing special. The concept is neat and a great place for kids or families to hang out, but how are these restaurants and bars different from the places down the street? It's definitely a safer environment than the Fremont Street Experience but Container Park belongs in a better part of Vegas. I don't see the value in paying to park and hang out here. Yes, people may come here for a drink or two but who wants to go somewhere to relax with a park of screaming kids? On the other side, how is it responsible for adults to bring their kids here for a play-date if they are going to be intoxicated? Food for thought, but for now I'll continue hanging out at Town Square.
2	Visited the park twice so far.  First time we met up with our friends and drove down from Henderson.  Parked in a pay garage, walked over with a group of excited kids, and then we were told that since it was slightly raining and overcast they didn't think anyone would want to visit so they were closing for a "maintenance" day.  Awesome waste of my time and gas and way to disappoint the kids.  Oh yeah, and we got to pay for parking.  No mention on the website, or social media about closing.Fast forward a couple weeks and we decide to try one more time.  Meet friends, bring kids, etc, only to find out about height restrictions for half of the stuff.  My 6 year old girl is in tears because she can't go play with all the other kids.Moral of the story: If you're going to arbitrarily close, post it somewhere so I don't waste my time to be turned away once we're there.  Also, if you have restrictions on your stuff, please post that as well so we know ahead of time.
2	I finally agreed to go with some Hipster friends whom have been prior and said they really enjoyed it. We went later one night so the shops were closed and only a few people left hanging out. Although from what I have heard, these boutique shops are way out of the norm selling silly items at ridiculous high prices. Um, no thanks!I have to agree that there are some really cool and fun photo ops to be had here. It is pretty much just a very small outdoor shopping venue and some places to eat. The star of the show is the Tree house with slides for the kids to enjoy during the day and adults after hours.In my opinion Container Park has a huge identity crisis. Is not really a place to bring kids, I mean other than the Tree house and slides, what else is there to do with the kids? They should have just promoted it as an adults hang out spot. Anyhow CP you just don't impress me enough to come back and pay for street parking. I don't see this really getting any better. They have already had issues with some of the stores closing due to no business. This place could be Awesome if they just changed it up and got some better merchants. There is not a whole lot to do here at night, maybe if we came in the day time it would be a different and more exciting place to hang out?After all of the hoopla, I have to say I am disappointed. I must have missed a lot by not visiting in the day time with all of these 4 star Yelp reviews, something is going on. lolWhat the hell, at least I checked it out and know what it is now. I can honestly say that I will survive in my crazy world without another visit here. I am happy about the positive and new vibe it has given the Downtown community though :)
4	I was very impressed with the park they were able to create downtown. The quick food options are great, as well as the pubs. I am particularly fond of Pinche Tacos and the wine bar, Bin 702. My children enjoy the Disney gallery and the treehouse playground. I imagine this is the only place in the world where one can see a praying mantis shoot flames from its antennae.
4	This place is very eclectic. Great for people watching. Came here to see my friends band tonight. I was surprised to get carded as I walked in. I guess the summer concerts are 21+.Concert was on a small stage with ample grass area for fans. One drawback is that most of the shops are closed by 9. Most restaurants were open.
3	Pretty cool area. Definitely a great place for kids. I saw lots of kids there playing and having fun while their parents eat. Unfortunately, the food there are so expensive. I mean maybe not expensive for the local, but as a tourist, I found the food to be pricey. The only reasonable price I saw was two chicken strips and fries for about $6. It seems like a lot of live shows happen here.If you have children, definitely the place to be. For the solo people, definitely a place to check out. Short walk from Fremont Experience.
4	Cute park in downtown Vegas. It has a very family-friendly vibe and kid playground in the middle of the park; an oasis of sorts in Vegas. Great outdoor space for concerts and events. The stores in the actual containers are on the small side. Because all of the stores have their doors closed, it somewhat detracts people from actually entering the stores to check out their products.
3	Neat little shopping district to walk through.  The giant metal mantis in front was really cool.  Just a nice walkthrough as a break from Fremont Street.  Play area for kids is available.  Plenty of shopping and dining options.
4	This place is good stuff. The wife and I personally enjoy so many aspects of the Container Park. We recently purchased downtown after some in depth research and investigations. We've been hanging out downtown since I moved here in 09 and have loved it since the first night I stepped food into the Griffin to grab a drink. Container Park is a huge step in the right direction and we love what they are trying to do w/ it. Seeing things like this and Inspire go up gives us a feeling of  happiness to see that we get to be a part of the development of the East Fremont District and watching it grow and evolve is awesome.Beware of the waking of the mantis lol. This is another really cool thing that they do here. All the kids gather around in the entrance next to the mantis and they do a drum circle to wake it. They keep banging on their drums until the mantis wakes and spits fire out if its tentacles. It's warm and definitely will make you jump if you don't expect it. Definitely good for laughs to watch the random people get startled.The Thursday Movie Nights were the best thing since sliced bread! They provided blankets, pillows, floaties to lounge on and other various forms of seating. They played some classics like Indiana Jones, Weekend at Bernies, Goonies and Stand By Me. You were able to grab food from one of the eateries and bring it out to watch the movie and chow down. They even had a pop-up bar right in the grassy area.They put on small concerts there also. We've heard some great live music while there on numerous occasions. The food options are plenty. My wife and my favorite choice is Big Earn's. They are super affordable and really good. Don't forget the free refills there on non-alcoholic beverages to add the "cherry on top".I did hear about the 2nd and more so the 3rd levels of shops having problems drawing customers. I could see how that could happen especially since a large portion of the people I see there are families w/ kids. They probably don't want to deal w/ the hassle of dragging the kids up there to see what there is.No kids after 9pm makes it somewhere that both families and adults can frequent. You can even play the cool light game and go down the awesome slides after 9p.
5	Mom in town and brought her here to explore and have lunch at the mexican restaurant, support local artists and play in the tree house.  Well, my daughter did, but I loved how they have security at the gate and there is a fence all around so you they are safe.  My daughter loved climbing up to the top to ride the slide down many times.  We will go back for a date night without my child so we can explore at night when it is open to adults only.  I loved that we were able to come here and then down to Fremont Experience.  It was a great day!
4	Interesting concept. Great scenery. Chill vibe. Awesome treehouse. Will be going back.Came here on a Friday night in the summer.It's very neat to see what the designers were capable of doing with just your average shipping container. Each of the stores, restaurants, and bars had great facades that did not make them look as though it was a container, until you stepped inside. However, even than they were all so well put together you forgot you were even in a shipping container!We watched three bands play live on the stage.  The music was good, it had us entertained throughout each of the performances (roughly 30 min each).  The grass area right in front was perfect because you got the draft from the fans/misters in each of the four corners of the lawn.  Grab some legos and those blue cushions and build yourself a chair/couch and enjoy the music!The vibe was very laid back.  There were no kids when we went, all adults.  Everyone was just there to relax and enjoy the music and scenery. They have plenty of chairs, couches, tables etc. for decent sized groups.I highly recommend the treehouse (yes even if you're an adult) because you can never be too old to go down an awesome slide! Lots of fun!Overall, good time. Will definitely be going back again in the future!
4	Found this while searching for kid's activities. It was a nice surprise. Our 4 year old had a great time playing in the play area. It's a great concept and what a great way to repurpose old shipping container. My kid's are getting all these ideas in there head about what they would do with an old shipping container. We were headed out and saw the staff setting up drums. Our 4 year old joined in and was quite happy until the giant prey mantis began spewing fire from its tentacles. We will definitely be back next time we are in town.
5	This is an amazing concept spot for non gaming fun in a gaming zone. Something our city desperately needs. A little cultural for a culturally starved city. My fear (or perhaps hope) is that the boutique style shops will not be able to maintain a presence, and will morph into more small specialty bars and eateries. I envision a gin specific bar, a red wine tasting room, a spot for blanco tequila flights, sliders, noodles, brownies. Cool niche stuff. The sky is the limit. Good music, great 'new options' for those who wish to explore and grow in a culinary sense without being intimidated by fancy expensive restaurants and snobby club settings. With the right marketing, and good people to fill the spaces, thus could REALLY REALLY become something truly special.
4	This place was so cool. Stores build inside shipping containers. How creative.Lots of small arts and crafts places. And their all priced very moderate. A ton of good food places. Ate at the hot dog place and taco place which was good. Lots of kids which I hated. They should stay home, it's Vegas.The only thing I didn't get is the entrance where this band played and there was a gas lit praying mantis which made more noise the.n was entertaining. Kind of annoying. But cool place to see.
4	What a great find on Fremont Street. Our daughter loved the foam blocks and big legos on the lawn. It wasn't a terribly hot day for Vegas (in the 90's), but the spray fans did help. The slides were cool, but too bad about 3 of them were closed. I liked the fact there were security guards inside and the park was the center of the complex. Lots of eateries, services and businesses surrounded it. On a side note the restrooms were pretty clean too.Heard it turns more into an adult playground at night with the grass stage and eateries, but during the day the kids rule. Very cool play area that we will visit again and thanks to Zappos for revitalizing the Downtown area!
5	Super nice park downtown made of recycled materials, the shops and restaurants look like refurbished shipping containers and there was a playground in the center for the kids.  There's a huge fire shooting praying mantis out in front of the park that scared me at first sight!  We went on a Friday night and there was a great performer on stage Daniel Park who played multiple instruments and even took requests.  He sounded amazing!  Just had a nice time experiencing the atmosphere here and want to come back to hang out again!
5	The dessert is really good out here. It's my first time here at the container park. People should check this place out.
4	A nice little non-Vegasy venue near downtown.  Cute little shops.  Plenty of places to eat.  Great central playground for kids.  I went there during the day so I didn't get so see the mantis shoot fire from his antennae, nor did I see the bands and other live events that happen at night.  The food is a bit pricey and it's a smaller venue than I thought it would be.  That's what lost Container Park a star.  But I'll definitely be back with out of town visitors.
4	Great hang out area with a great range of reasonably priced reaturants. We stopped at the Mexican shop & the hit dog shop.  The asada quesadilla was one of the best in my memory and the gringo tacos were spot on also.  The gourmet hot dog shop had tons of unique choices for everyone.  The fire shooting praying mantis tops it all off!!
4	Great hang out area with a great range of reasonably priced reaturants. We stopped at the Mexican shop & the hot dog shop.  The asada quesadilla was one of the best in my memory and the gringo tacos were spot on as well.  The gourmet hot dog shop had tons of unique choices for everyone.  The fire shooting praying mantis tops it all off!!
5	I LOVE Container Park! Every time I go to Container Park, I have a blast! There are lots of cool stores and places to eat there, not to mention the adult-sized playground! They also have live music most days. Coolest beans.As far as the playground, there are like 3 or 4 slides, all really tall and really fun! If you think you're too old to ride slides, think again! You won't regret getting onto these. Super fun!Also the food at Pinches Tacos is excellent!
5	Love that they put this downtown and spruce things up. Very hipster and artsy. Lots of boutiques and unique eateries. They also have a stage and have bands play. If you go to the entrance, they have this huge preying mantis that has fire coming out of its antennae. Apparently it was in Burning Man. Also, they have doggie days once a week and you can bring your dog. Definitely worth checking out.
5	This is a hidden jem! Took my kids and I was greatly impressed. The staff was great, plenty of security. The area was well lit. I must commend the former mayor and current mayor for cleaning downtown. Restaurants are close by and plenty of drinks.  Not a bad review. Not only was the area great but the band was awesome. Kudos once again
5	This is definitely is a hidden gem! Friends wanted to walk around downtown and I'm glad I tagged along! I wish I was able to see this place during the day but we got here around 10:30pm. There was a security guy at the door to check everyone's ID since there are bars inside. There are some small boutiques, restaurants and bars. But more importantly, there's an adult tree house with slides!! There are other games in the "playground" as well and we ended up spending over an hour there. I was bummed that most of the stores were closed so we will definitely come back again!
4	Fun place for the family. Although my 2 1/2 year old son was very disappointed when they told him he was too little to go down the slides.
4	I was definitely more impressed than I expected for my first visit to Container Park, but I will have to come back during a day when all of the shops are open. The overall design and concept is really cool and innovative! As a born-and-raised Vegas native, I hope to see more places like this to get developed throughout the Valley.
5	For my 100th review I wanted to review something that gets 5 stars. This place would get more, but 5 is the limit. :pWhenever I'm in Vegas, I find myself doing things that aren't typically "Vegas-y". This place falls right into that category. Family friendly all the way to 9pm, this place boasts many neat features. 1. A neat touch-sensor game that can be played solo or with multiple people. It's free! :)2. A "lawn" for concerts that have comfortable patio furniture, blankets, and large lego-like bricks for kids.3. The best tree house! Why? Because adults can slide down the slides too! These aren't the slides at your local park. Use caution if you get motion sick easily or if you're drunk. Also, take off your shoes for less friction and more speed.4. A fire-breathing metal mantis.5. Really neat layout made from reclaimed containers.This is a great place to go to for a date. They have a few neat places to eat and drink as well as shop. Looks like they have free concerts fairly often and some paid ones. I also noticed that they have a "Doggie Date Night" where you can bring your pooch into the park.This place was on our "We'll go if we have time" list when we last went to Vegas. After coming here we agreed that we're going to make it a point to come here whenever we're in town.
5	THIS IS MY NEW FAVORITE HANG-OUT!!My son loved it and I'm sure we'll be back for more. The place is perfect. It has a lot of various shops and boutique as well as food and bars for happy hour.The center has a big playground and I love that they have "downtown rangers" that watches the kids and guides them. There's a part of the playground that is not accessible for younger kids (height restriction) due to safety and they strictly enforce that. I also love that they have those "mist sprays" to cool off during summer time. And adequate drinking stations! The bathrooms are also clean. I honestly can't find anything to complain about in this place!!! LOVE IT!!!
5	I love this place. I went earlier tonight with my chic & stumbled upon a cool karaoke concert for children's cancer. Had some drinks & BBQ at Big Ern's while watching the acts. There's also a dope beef jerky store. They even have cactus jerky. Also, I like the big treehouse. It was like I was 7 yrs old again lol Great place to chill & hang out downtown.
3	I like the CP because it is off the path a bit. Another nook of DTLV to explore. Cash or card to pay for street parking. Unique shops and food choices. A playground area for the kiddos. Concerts in the evening. I appreciate the one entrance/one exit with a staff member monitoring the patrons. I like the idea of small shops which can change throughout the year to hopefully keep the CP from becoming stagnant. I will be back- daytime only for me. The area outside of the park can be a bit sketchy after dark.
2	This is a good spot to meet your friends and just chat and nosh! My friend's daughter, who is 10, did not like it. We went at 9pm.
3	Lots of artisans and an improvement to the downtown area!
4	This place is the artsy gem of Downtown Las Vegas in my opinion.  We decided to check this place out while finishing up our evening stroll down Fremont Street (awesome experience as well).The entrance to the Container Park is guarded by this fire breathing praying mantis so prepare for scorching blast of heat in your face whenever it goes off and loud effects (NOTE: Not for the faint-of-heart. I always walk by praying it won't go off because it goes off unexpectedly and scared the crap out of me! Pardon my language). It startled myself and a couple of others around the area half to death.Once you're in the park, things are a little more calm.  The decor and lighting of the place is just beautiful (you have to go at night to fully experience it).  You don't feel like you are in Vegas anymore, the park blocks off the casinos and the bright lights.  I definitely felt more safe and comfortable, I was definitely digging the vibe.  There are many small art stores and bar/restaurants in this area.  If you are hungry, check out Big Erns BBQ or if you want a small bite I recommend getting some jerky and nuts at JoJo's Jerky.  This place is also a great place to just explore. There's live music on weekends and a fun play area for the kids. Make sure you go to the 3rd floor to get a pretty view of the park, it looks gorgeous.  There is also a super tall slide in the middle of the park which my boyfriend and I decided to do (hey, it's not just for kids), It is definitely a fun, unique experience away from the stereotypical feel of Las Vegas.  This place is wonderful and a great escape if you are looking to get away from the gambling and drinking for a bit. Definitely family-friendly!
1	Went to go try some BBQ at a new place. Was accosted by children acting as security guards demanding ID outside the place, despite the fact that I am clearly over 30 and was not buying alcohol. Left my driver's license in the car and was refused admission. The kid working the gate, who looked to be about 14 was clearly on a power trip, and denying me entrance seemed to make his night. If they so clearly lack any judgment whatsoever when it comes to letting people in, I can't imagine that they would have any when it comes to anything else. It's stupid enough that they are demanding ID in the first place, but his smarmy attitude and total power trip convinced me that this place wasn't worth walking to my car and back to get ID. Will not return. They could learn a thing or two about customer service.
3	I really wanted to love this place, especially because I went to Life is Beautiful festival and it looked so promising! It's a bit of a disappointment, to me at least.To me, Downtown has ways been a place for me to go and mingle with people of my own age group. Somewhere I can walk around having a beer and feeling comfortable. For me, this space has been invaded! The big playground that is smack dab in the middle or this "park" completely ruined it for me. Children have taken over this place and that did it for me. There only a couple of good establishments here. There could have been so much more here.
5	Loves this a little on the small side but that's ok. WAY clean and they keep rif raff out which I was impressed with. Loved the play area for the kids and the little boutiques. Think there should be more places like this!! My kids and I loved hanging out here for a couple of hours!
3	The flaming pray mantis at the main entrance during nights is probably the biggest attraction here. And if you're into playing in the playground looking area with slides that's another attraction. Sometimes there's a band or some type of entertainment at the stage area. The parks looks like it was built partially from metal containers  but other than that there really isn't anything about it thats attention grabbing.It's not to big.  There's a few shops, bars, and restaurants. Seems like there should be more felt a lot like the food court area or play area in a large shopping center. It should be located between the Fremont Street Experience and East Fremont not at nearly the end of it all. They do enforce curfew and will check for IDs after a certain time, probably after curfew. It's a place to check out at least once but I probably wont be here unless I'm showing someone around or if there's something to do here. This is where young adults or kid by heart adults go to play in the playground.
5	This place is fantastic.  Went last Friday night and they had live music and the vibe was great.... people laughing, kids dancing on the lawn, couples enjoying meals at the various eateries.I love this project and the whole idea of fixing up the downtown Las Vegas... it was a diamond in the rough really falling on hard times and now I am really excited to see how the revitalization unfolds.
4	I love the container park!! It is one of the coolest things to do with friends- Locals or visitors does not matter!There is always cool stuff going on here! Events, music, movies!The food and stores are super cool! It is really great for kids! Right in the middle of all these awesome little LOCAL shops is a giant playground!Go to the website, check out the calendar. I promise there is something fun coming up!! Or just go and check out the great little local merchants.
4	A flaming preying mantis guards the Downtown Container Park, which is exactly what it sounds like: a playground park surrounded by stacked shipping containers housing a group of unique boutiques, shops, and restaurants you can't find elsewhere in the city.Food options include barbeque at Ern's, frozen treats and sweets at Sasa and SweetSpot, and gourmet twists on hotdogs, tacos, and popcorn. Most boutiques are geared toward women's fashion accessories, but there is also a toy store, a Disney art store, and a general store. Plenty of stores to explore, a playground for kids during the day and adults at night, and alcoholic beverages available around every corner and in every form, from draft beers at the hotdog stand to frozen spiked pops at the popsicle place.Worth a visit, lots of nooks to explore, a stage set up for live music, and free parking on Sundays.
3	I should have walked around more.  I only got in next to the kids play area and sat.  But from what I saw it was a pretty cool place and a neat design.  Not sure how many actual containers were used to build this "park" but it's a unique idea nevertheless.We went on a unusually very cool and overcast day in August.  So everything was comfortable as we sat and enjoyed our shaved ices.  The little play area seemed pretty cool with some game that everyone was trying, even the adults.  Speaking of adults, kids aren't allowed in the play area unless they have an adult with them.  Strange...usually it's adults not allowed in play areas unless they have a kid.  Oh well whatever.They do have some mister/fan combos that probably really help during those super hot days.  You know, the ones that we missed while in Vegas?  Yeah those.Honestly I probably wouldn't go back unless I had a particular business I wanted to go to.  This is one of those...you've been once, you don't need to go again.  But you do at least have to go once.  It's pretty neat.
5	Cool concept for an outdoor restaurant and shopping experience!   The containers serve as the framework for this outside consumer area that looks more like functional art.  Located in downtown Vegas, this container park is a trendy treasure that is a refreshing experience outside of the Vegas strip and is worth visiting whether you are a tourist or local.  So if you want to visit Vegas in a nontraditional way, then don't feel trapped at the Strip, get inside the Downtown Container Park and don't contain your excitement!
4	What a great little gem in Las Vegas!I was in town for my dad's 60th. Half my family was tired from Vegas shennaningans, the other half gamblers. I fit into neither category so around 11Am on a beautiful, sunny Monday I bought a yard-tall frozen margarita and walked up and down Fremont St. by myself. I decided to venture past the more touristy area and wound up in downtown Las Vegas. Unfortunately Container Park didn't allow outside food and drink so I had to down my alcoholic beverage. And at $13 a pop, I sipped down every last margarita-filled drop.(Only) slightly intoxicated, I walked into the park. It had a badass play area for kids and an outdoor stage for concerts and movie nights. The park itself is made of about 3 levels of shops and restaurants, ranging from toy shops to street art shops. (I wish I'd purchased some art but was worried about carrying on the plane.) Almost everyone could find something in there. The restaurants smelled delicious.It's a great area to pass the time and just wander around, get some vitamin D while you're at it. If gambling's not your thing and you get tired of the drunk scene, walk on down to Container Park.
4	I don't know why it took so long for Vegas to get creative... I enjoy every bit of the container park more often than not. It's artsy, hip and fun. Deegan has a blast on the playground centered in the middle of the park and there is seating around for parents. I do wish there would be a bit more seating especially on the busier days, but nothing too serious. The businesses are a mix of food and some pricey boutiques. Some of my favorites are jinju chocolates, cheffinis, Disney art, the new toy store and new Betty store. We also enjoy the grassy area in front of the stage and the fire shooting mantis that greats you in the front. Some of the store and shops do change because we were told they want to keep things new for people to keep coming back.The container Park is something you must enjoy both during the day and at night. At night you get a different feel for things and you can enjoy the park as an adult because they won't let kids in after a certain time. Certified adult time! This is a spot we thoroughly enjoy and looking forward to them hopefully one day expanding.
5	Weird that I haven't written a review about Container Park yet as it is one of my favorite places to go!If you're in the downtown area and you're looking to explore like a big kid... Container Park is your place. There are tons of little shops, eateries & a few bars tucked inside this enclosed park. All of the small businesses surround an adult playground. Can kids play here too? Absolutely. But it's also big enough for adults and I love it! There's a treehouse that you can climb and slide down slides... it's great! There is also a huge Simon Says like game to play and foam blocks to build random things. Everything is illuminated at night, which makes it look that much more cool. A few times that I've visited Container Park, in the evening, I've been able to enjoy live bands preforming. There has been seating in the lawn area to relax on - not sure if this is  forever thing, or just for planned shows. There is also seating located randomly around the park to enjoy food, a book, drinks... whatever's clever. During the fall they had movie nights... I also remember reading about Doggie Date nights.  Seems like there is always something going on so  if you have time to plan your visit, scope out the website first. There is so much to do here, I encourage you to really explore the place. You'll have a blast and find neat stuff!
4	This is a nice place to spend a couple of hours having a drink, browsing the shops and having dinner. If you have kids, they will probably enjoy the playground, but they have to be out of the park by 9:00.  The drum circle to wake the preying mantis is pretty cool (I think it is a preying mantis?). It shoots fire.  If you like taqueria food, definitely don't miss Pinche's Tacos and their blood orange margaritas!
4	How many places can you enjoy a drink (wine, beer or cocktail) outdoors in Vegas while watching your kid entertain him/herself for hours? I can't think of many, and none as cool as DCP--although it's really more of a modern outdoor mall than a "park." Cool place for a casual me.et up too, as there are a bunch of fun places to eat and shops/mini galleries to check out without a high "commitment" factor.Food wise, I think the most notable spots are Cheffini's creative hot dogs, Stacey Dougan's Vegan to-go (second floor) and The Perch, where you can enjoy a flatbread or share plate with a nice view. It's just a little grown-uppy. Bin 702 is also cool for a glass of wine and a bar bite. They have a program of performances and activities on the stage/lawn area.
4	Thought I'd add my 2 cents. The container park is a fun outing if you're in the area, but as of now I wouldn't make a special trip there. The concept is cool but I really think they need more space. Walking around the entire area, including all three floors, MIGHT take 15 minutes. Which doesn't really encourage people to stay and browse. I spoke to one shop owner who said she wont be renewing her lease. She's just not making enough to cover rent. And with the minuscule sizes of the "shops" (think boarding house room), I can see why. Perhaps if they had some festivals here where the shop owners could put their merchandise out on tables it would help them a bit.  But with how crowded the shops feel, if you are claustrophobic (or salesperson-ophobic), you don't really want to go into the shops. I think they're so small and the salespeople are so desperate that you feel like you'll be assaulted by them the moment you step in the door. So what happens? You don't (or at least I don't) go in. The playground is pretty cool. Theres a Huge treehouse and foam building blocks the kids enjoyed playing with. The praying mantis is interesting (though the sudden bursts of flame from its antennae terrified my four year old),  but thats not enough to get me to come all the way downtown from hendertucky. The playground is also pretty spread out and if you have more than one child its a nightmare to keep track of them all. The bandstand is a nice idea but the bands can be LOUD and theres really not enough seating to encourage people to stay and listen. The only food i tried was the ice cream shop. That was quite frankly a nightmare. They fresh made ice cream for my son - sounds great right? Yeah, except it literally took them twenty minutes to make it! My other kids were done by the time he got his, and i was late getting back to the parking meter and got a parking ticket! That alone was enough to make me not ever want ice cream from there again. Get with it people. This is VEGAS. It is HOT. I do not want to wait twenty minutes for ice cream even if its hand made by Willy Wonka himself and given to me on a jewel encrusted platter made for Elvis by Tony Hsieh. Pre-make your handmade ice cream  for Pete's sake!Yeah. Otherwise its an interesting little jaunt that could kill an hour or two. Four stars.
4	Really great place and visually stunning. Came here to get my hair blown out and was surprised by the layout. Very cool! I'm not a local, but would come back here to visit the shops and spend some dollars next time I'm in town. Wonderful mix of shops. Good work!
5	Love this place! Great place for families! You dont even feel like your in Vegas. Very hip and down to earth. Great places to eat and the chill spot has great popsicles!  Got some great classic kids toys from the new toy store that recently opened. Great play equipment.  We will be going back
2	David Hannum is shown to be correct yet again.There are indeed containers; but, it is certainly not a park.Downtown Container Park is as much as a "Park" as Downtown Summerlin is "Downtown[;]" as much as Phineas Taylor Barnum actually believed that his Cardiff Giant was an actual petrified man; or, as much as Tony "Montgomery Burns" Hsieh actually cares about anything besides dolla dolla bills yaaaa'll. This cesspool is more akin to an unnecessary "Mardi Gras of consumerism" than any park. In the old days, malls had the cojones to call themselves malls; and, at least, they respected the community enough to keep the cultish nonsense down to a bare minimum. One must at least respect that at the time Boulevard, Meadow, and Fashion Show malls went up, developers were not so Orwellian to bastardise the naming of malls by leaving the term mall out of their titles.This place is rather on downslope of the mediocre side, and naming it a "Park" won't change it. So, cease the backpatting party, put the llama on a cross gold pendant down, and get real. Downtown Container Mall barely avoids the one-star. Detailed reviews of individual listings from Container Mall: Big Ern's BBQ: TBDCheffini's: TBDPinches Tacos: TBDSasasweets Chillspot: TBDSimply Pure: TBDThe Perch: TBD
5	Only great thing to eat is the BBQ place & Vegan place (try the nachos). Lots of kids if you don't mind them it's great, good place to waste time for tourists.
3	Great little place for the kids to burn off steam and parents can enjoy a cup of joe!  A few small places for a bite to eat!  My favorite is cupcake place!
4	Swung by here on a weekday holiday morning, with juice and doughnuts in tow from neighborhood hot spots.  Very cool layout - monster playground in the middle and what looks like a sweet stage. There were all these signs about not bringing in outside food/drinks but nobody gave us any guff. The subtext of a lot of signage was keeping the "leisured indigent" from setting up camp here, all part of the Zappo-ification of downtown.  A neat option in a cool place.
5	The night we were there to eat at PERCH, Container Park had live karaoke for a donation event, and it was very entertaining. Although I could tell the couches were wet from a previous rainstorm (Vegas, you rain wussies:P), it didn't deter people from plopping down on the grass to enjoy themselves. The event was live karaoke with a real back up band for a cause. If you donate, you get to sing, and people get to watch you. What's most impressive about container park is that it's an exercise in restraint and efficiency. Most restaurants and stores and tiny, but it just means everything that's there serves a very succinct purpose, just like the park itself.I have to applaud Vegas for this, and my hometown (Seattle) could stand to take a page from this book. I hope Vegas continues it's revitalization of downtown!
4	Kid friendly place located in old town vegas district! Has some really cool places to check and hipster shops.
3	I almost feel bad giving this three stars, but we went today earlier in the day with my 7 year old and three adults.... 7 year old played in the fort thing and found a friend, had a great time. We walked down to the Fremont street experience and decided to have dinner there in the park. We walked back and ordered our meal (at about $20 a plate for tacos and beer!!!!) around 8:48 and my daughter asked if she could go out and see the mantis on fire... I told her yes! Then my husband went to get her and they told her she couldn't come back in!!!!!  She walked back in anyway. At 9:00 they announced that if you are under 21 the park is closing.  Mind you we were still waiting of our meal! This was Saturday night. So we then felt like we had to rush through our  meal we had JUST purchased in order to leave with the under age one. Not so great. If they are marketing this for families, then it needs to be that- 9pm is not that late for families on a weekend. If they aren't, then market it that way but they do need to decide what it is. I didn't appreciate having to rush through my meal.
5	What a cool place!!  Shipping containers stacked into 3 stories of little shops, with a center play area for kids.  Well, ok - that center play area has a big treehouse, so I officially rejected any kid age parameters (there are none here btw) & climbed on up myself.  There are mutiple tube slides that you can slide down, and the highest one even has a red light/green light system so that you know you're not going to brain anyone if you go next.  Fun!  There's a stage where they have live music or movies showing, & a grassy area around it with lawn furniture.The shops have local artists' stuff, plus food, cupcakes, jerky, clothing & accessories, and toys.  My fave shop was called Blue Marble - they upcycle discarded bottles of alcohol from the Strip into the COOLEST things.  We also got a yummy soft red velvet sammich cookie, with cream cheese icing in between, & half dipped in white chocolate at the little cupcake shop on the first floor.  After 9pm, kids are not allowed in the area, so it turns into an adult playground.  There are a few bars in the park, & people were walking around with wine.  There's seating on all the outside patios.Oh!  And there's a huge metal sculpture of a praying mantis at the entrance.  A guy mans it & shoots fireballs out of the antennae when it gets dark.  You'll hear it, & if you stand close, you'll feel the heat.Also at the entrance is a big metal heart sculpture where people have padlocked messages on metal tags.  Sweet : ).Just across the street (towards the spectacle that is Fremont Street) is a great little Whole Foods-y market that has baked goods, produce, a hot food area, etc.  A couple blocks past is Fremont Street.Whether you're a big kid or a little kid, or a mixed group, this is a definite must visit when you're in Vegas!
5	A great break from plastic Vegas. Real local artists and vendors. Go and support them. A couple interesting eateries too.
5	I love this place!  I can't believe I didn't know about the jazz here! I can't wait til spring time comes, I will be hanging out here drinking my beer from Cheffins, and eat eating a chilli dog!
3	Its not bad, fun the first time you do it.... some decent places to eat in there, more the BBQ place, all other shops are a bit tired out, the staff is a bit rude...but it is what it is. The whole place is missing a bit of something... it was really cool last year but has gone downhill since.
5	My boyfriend and I had a great time the show movies during the weekday and kick all the kids out at night it's a great place for a first date
5	Funnest place to take date to grab a coffee or a quick bite to eat. Really fun environment. The shops are a great idea. This is one of my favorite places in las vegas.
3	This is a pretty cool spot in Downtown Las Vegas.  It is built out of shipping containers and there are a lot of small boutique shops that rent the space.  Definitely worth checking out if you are in the area.
5	GREEN PACKINGI heard about this place but I had to go check it out myself. It is a short 2 block walk from the Fremont Street experience.  My only advice is to keep your eyes open in the back of your head. It is a short but seedy walk. Once you arrive you are greeted by a giant metal bug at the entrance. It is made of recycled stuff. The whole mall is made of those metal shipping containers you see on boats, trains & trucks. I thought that was an incredible way to recycle and go green. It also reminded me of my days of being a child when I stacked blocks. I can not confirm this but the architect might be 5 years old. I was really happy to see this place get packed at lunch time which means the tourists are coming down here. There are plenty of outdoor tables and many people were eating at the various restaurants located here. There is a great outdoor stage which has various musical acts. I would check the website for up coming bands. There is an old caboose which has been turned into a barber shop. Bring the kids because I am sure they have never seen one of these in real life. So it's like visiting a museum while shopping and eating. I highly recommend getting out of the casino area and walking here. You will enjoy relaxing in the sun without the pressures of Vegas beating down on you. Trust me when I say, you will be happy you did.
4	This is a great place to go that is kid friendly. There are a bunch of activities including shopping, eating, social, free wifi, and a kids playground. This is really turning the downtown area around!
5	Nothing but fun.  A MUST SEE!
5	Such a great addition to the new emergence of the Urban DTLV vibe LOVE PLEASE MORE!!! Boutiques, food, bar, playground for kids,blowdry bar, barber, live music, super chill. All inside a gated park
3	If you're visiting downtown and haven't been here yet, definitely take a stroll down E. Fremont and check it out. Don't get scared by the flames coming out of the Praying Mantis! It'll be difficult to spend your entire night here as a lot of the shops close earlier but the atmosphere is cool and unique and worth what is now a nice walk.
4	For Vegas, this place is pretty cool. For any other "real" city I'd say, eh, whatever, but here it's possible a respite can be found from the extreme horror that is the rest of the "city."It was DEAD here on my visits because of the weather, but I was able to glean a few things:--More of an attempt at "less is more"--smaller shops and restaurants, and a small entertainment area for live music.--Decent restaurants and bars, including artisan cocktails.--Too many sweets-only shops. Doesn't seem sustainable that around six places can sell only candy and survive.--Retail stores here are kind of cheap. Made in China kind of junk. Would have expected more boutiques highlighting locals.What's really to like is both the less-is-more approach with a walkable area and the lack of gaudiness that is the Strip, and the attempt to be green, the only one I saw citywide. There are actually multiple stations for recycling, trash, and compost--separately. I never saw this anywhere else in this town of excess and waste. For that reason alone, I hope more businesses and developers can find inspiration here.
5	WE SAW FIRE!"We were walking down Fremont street and saw bursts of fire lighting up the sky! Kept walking towards it and found the Container Park. I do alot of research before we goto Las Vegas every year. This was a great spot that we fell into. Nice local shops and owner operated spaces. This is a must stop to get away from the noise of downtown
5	Even my 17 year old thought this was a cool and fun place to spend a little time.  If you are looking for a place in Vegas where your kids can do some running around and their parents can grab a bite or a beverage this is a great spot.  Like the sign says "no frowny faces allowed".   The play areas feature state of the art play equipment and creative sculptural building blocks.  This is NOT your average kids park.  Definitely worth a visit during the day time.
2	Needs some time to mature. Quite a few of the stores were empty, Some of the businesses didn't seem very well stocked or staffed. The restrooms were nice though, clean anyway. If I happen to be in the area again, maybe I'll stop by and see how it's going but otherwise nothing here to make me want to drive across town to visit.
2	I don't really get it. There isn't much to Container Park to entice to me stay more than a few minutes. There is only one place I have any interest in coming to visit here.The stores are small since the entire place is essentially made out of shipping containers. Not much bang for your buck so have low expectations and you'll be good to enjoy the novelty and move on.
5	This place was a great stop for the family.  The kids easily spent a happy hour or so playing in the tree house play area and with the foam blocks in the grassy area,  and we ended up eating lunch here as well.  There's plenty of outdoor tables as well as indoor seating at some restaurants,  though a couple of the restaurants are 21+ so not family friendly.  Still there are kid friendly options like a gourmet hot dog place and Perch.   Plus step outside the container park and you can walk to several restaurants.   We peeked in eat, which is almost directly outside the rear exit of the park,  and it looked super busy.  It must be good. Street parking seemed plentiful and costs $1/hour.  You pay for street parking at pay stations, and they take credit cards which is convenient.  The kids also liked giant metal praying mantis parked in front.  Most of the shops were very small, and seemed like local artists. We'll probably stop in again on another trip.  It's nice to support local businesses and this downtown area is undergoing an interesting transformation.
4	This is a really neat concept. It is a mini specialty shopping center made out of shipping containers. There is this awesome playground right in the middle. The shops are all small, but cute. The only real downside is that most of the activities, including eating, take place outside, so dress warmly if it is cold out.
4	I couldnt believe it when i actually laied my eyes on that place not to mention when i checked it out. it's not something that you would expect to see downtown.  they are really doing wonders with the downtown area.
5	We love staying on fremont street when we come to vegas, but the stores on fremont leave much to be diesired.  My husband and I discovered the container park. We just love it, being small business owners ourselves we liked that we were supporting small businesses. We also were able to grab perfect non Las Vegas gifts for our employees! Each gift we found here suited each person!  The shops prices were reasonable for unique items.  As a tourist I didn't think the area was shady at all.  I could possibly see someone from a rural area being a bit turned off, but being from a large urban area I know it's not that bad of an area.
4	We came here looking for Ice Cream and found some made with Nitrogen. Man was it great I almost didn't give my wife any, it was delicious. the park and all the stores are very cool. Didn't have time to shop but will make more time to do so next time in Vegas.
5	This is a really great idea and use of materials readily available....shipping containers! I've heard of 3rd world countries using shipping containers as homes/shelters for the masses, but seeing this place takes that concept to a whole other level. It's really creative and well thought out.  It's got cute, boutique type stores (no chains in here), large artwork/sculptures and a play area for kids and I was digging the outdoor grass/stage are too. The potential for this place is huge, especially if they have concerts/shows or special events here. I went here to shop at JinJu Chocolates (first time there too) and it was a Monday afternoon so it was very slow and not busy at all. It was a bit confusing as there's only one way in and one way out of the park, which at first I thought was odd but then I remembered, you're in downtown LV which up until recently was crack ho central (am I wrong?) so of course you gotta have some sort of control over the "flow of traffic" so to speak. Due to time constraints I was limited on how long I could stay and didn't get to check out every shop, but what I saw was enough to know that Container Park is step in the right direction of trying to reclaim and rebrand a "blighted" area or better yet, be an oasis in a desert. Like others have mentioned, it's small, so this place in itself in not really a destination, but if you're staying in Downtown or planning to hang out in downtown, then definitely make this place a pit stop in your journey, it's different.
5	It's fun and hip! I hope Downtown Las Vegas continues to grow in this direction. There are some great shops here.
