2	God I so wish I liked this place. The inside is super clean, it's right off the Light Rail and Minority owned.We went for Breakfast and I had scrambled eggs, Sausage, hash browns and pancakes. The pancakes were just okay, the menu said "maple syrup" and it totally wasn't real). The sausage was red and I didn't like it. The hash browns were not pre-soaked, tough and not good in the least bit.Even Denny's is better than this. Bummer.
2	2 stars for clean and close to work. I had the Philly cheese, and it was no very good. Good service, but just like other reviews, I wanted it to be good, but no such luck :(
5	I continue to be amazed that this little gem of a local diner remains undiscovered, it's right next to the 12th St/Jefferson light rail stop which is 1 stop away from the Diamondbacks ballpark/downtown Phoenix/convention center.  I eat here regularly and am never disappointed!Anytime i buy a meal i try very hard to support locally owned mom and pop businesses and in my opinion this is one of the best breakfast/lunch diners in town, fairly priced and made from the freshest ingredients.  If you enjoy places like Mike and Ronda's and Susan's Diner (which closed, i miss it!) you will love the home cookin' from scratch and generous portions at this downtown Phoenix diner which is open 7 days a week till 3 pm.  This cafe is clean and bright with a relaxed and friendly family atmosphere.  Breakfast is served all day and you can get lunch items before the posted lunch hours if you like.  I often go in for the corned beef hash breakfast (hash is also made from scratch from fresh corned beef, where else can you find that?) and it comes with hearty sides of eggs, hash browns or home fries and 3 pancakes.  The fluffy omelets, french toast, delicious thick slabs of flavorful bacon and fresh squeezed orange juice are also noteworthy.  My favorites on the lunch menu include the fried chicken wings (i have no idea where they get chicken wings so huge) and a gorgeous burger that's made from ground sirloin and served on a bun baked specially for them.  If you drive to 12 East Cafe, there is parking in the lot behind the cafe, which is at the southwest corner of 12th street and Jefferson (shares a building with a longtime barbershop). Look for the red cafe umbrellas out front.  This cafe is located midway between two churches so there can be quite a bit of traffic in the area on Sundays but i've never had trouble finding parking out back.  Great food, hearty portions, friendly service!  If you are one of those poor souls who stands in line outside of one of the other central Phoenix breakfast spots for an hour(!) waiting for a mediocre breakfast, get out of line and join us over at the 12 East Cafe some morning.
3	While I can't give this place four stars yet, I think it might be on its way with a little tweaking.  They were pretty dead on a Saturday morning which was surprising.  The cook was sitting at the bar reading the paper and chatting with the waitress when we walked in.  Everyone was super friendly though and the waitress was happy to make suggestions.  She suggested the corned beef hash which is something I've never had.  I figured I would give it a try and sure enough, it was pretty damn good.  The beef had a couple scrambled eggs on it, a side of hashedbrowns, and the option of pancakes or toast.  I'm glad I ordered the toast because my meal was huge.  The hashedbrowns were okay and the toast was excellent!  I can see how this place would be a letdown if it were busy.  But it is nice, clean, open, and friendly which is really all I want from a breakfast place.  It is sort of like a mini Jerry's to me.  I'm going to go back and try something else next time.  If they scaled their portions down a bit, used some better ingredients all around, and maybe added a saturday special ... they could really turn this place into a hot spot.
3	I quite enjoyed the breakfast I had here the other day, but I'm not convinced I should give it a fourth star YET.  I can totally see this place turning into a great little breakfast joint if business picks up and things get straightened out a bit.When we came in here, about 9 or so, there was only one other person and he was only drinking coffee.  We were told to sit wherever we wanted so we did and our server quickly brought over menus and took our drink orders.  They have Coke, woohoo!  When she came back with our drinks she was happy to offer suggestions and to boast about the fact that nothing is ever frozen and it's all made from scratch.  I decided to go with the waffle which came with a side of meat, so I got bacon of course.The food came out fairly quickly and it looked fantastic.  My waffle was crispy on the outside and soft and fluffy on the inside.  The bacon was very thick, perfectly salty, and cooked just the way I like it.  I was quite pleased with my meal.  On the other hand, the husband got a massive plate of food.  I'm definitely a proponent of getting bang for your buck, but this was just too much, and they could save so much money by cutting back on the portions a bit.Overall, I liked this place a lot, and I would really love to give it another try and see what else they have to offer.
5	My goodness was that Corned beef hash DEELIGHTFUL! First time in and it won't be the last. Took an Okie friend and they know good homecooked food. He said it was as good or better than he could get in Ok. The waitress told us what to order and was she ever right. Also great to talk to even if she was from the right coast. Can't wait to take Wifey! Heck may take her today for lunch. I want to try the wings and waffle! Place was as clean as you would ever want!
3	Ate there very recently and ordered the waffle with bacon.  Waffle was perfectly made and the bacon came out crispy just the way I like it.  I also ordered a side of hashbrowns which were not overly greasy.I ate with three friends and our entire meal came out to be less than 20 bucks and we all were pretty satisfied with the proportions.My feeling about this place is that most items are average, but what it does well, it does extremely well (like the waffles and bacon). Also, You can't really beat the bang you get for the buck.
5	No wait. Good service. Great food. My new favorite place. Get the french toast. Cheap and it rocks.
1	Closed for business, unfortunately.  We miss you 12 east cafe!!
3	You've got to love a spot that serves breakfast all day, even if it's only open until 3 p.m. This place opens at 6 a.m. and features a $2.99 breakfast special.  I got French toast and hashbrowns ($6.99).The spot is a seat-yourself, pay-at-the-counter joint with a friendly wait staff that is more diner-appropriate than the cute-sy, fresh-flower-covered-tables atmosphere here.Anyway, supposedly the restaurant's Philly Cheesesteaks ($7.95)  are amazing, as my two dining companions asserted.Tony exclaimed, "Fan. Tas. Tic! The meat's really good. The peppers are really good. Everything is good about it."Chris agreed. "I'd recommend the restaurant for cheesesteak lookers if you want to be satisfied. And the waitress was really nice."You can also score burgers, wings, pancakes and even catfish at the restaurant, which does to-go orders.
