4	I agree. This place is good. I have been here a few times and the food is always fresh. I love the Gyros and I have had the plates also. They have good salads. I have had the pizza which is fair and I say that because it is your typical Med-type New-York style pizza which I don't personally care for. So others who like that type of pizza might think it is great. The restaurant is newer and clean along with the bathrooms (another way I judge the restaurants). It is worth a try!
1	Closed
5	This place rocks  me so hard. If you don't go check it out, you are missing out on a fantabulous restaurant.I love Amena and they have the best pita bread, but it turns out Garden Cafe's home made pita bread is right up there with Amena.They also make fantastic vegetarian food including lentil soup, fuul (omg, yum!), and the best baba ganoush I've ever had. In fact, this place gets lots of superlatives from me.The only thing I've had that I didn't love was the hummos.They have backgammon boards and free wifi.Yum, yum, yum! You will not regret your visit!p.s. great desserts too!
4	Great food and friendly staff. We sampled many items. Loved the baba ganoush and the chicken kabob plate was amazing! We will be back soon!We've been back a few times and still love the place. They have the best kunefes I've ever had! Everything is made from scratch in-house and you can taste it!
5	Wow, Killer Kabob Trio-dish.The pita served hot at the table with olive oil dipping sauce gets me coming back for that alone. Friendly staff greets you with a smile and service is excellent.Dog friendly patio
4	So far, so good.  This is a nice, quiet casual restaurant, and it's in my area.I've been here a few times and had the following so far:Combo kabob plate - steak, chicken and a seasoned ground beef. All were well seasoned, moist, tasty .Served with very tasty rice. The dipping sauce looked and tasted like mayo, plain not seasoned, mayo. What the ??!!Anyway, I got over the shock and enjoyed the rest of this meal.Another time, I had the falafel and they were perfect to my taste. The tahini sauce was very good.Their pita was hot from the oven fresh and was served with a olive oil flavored with thyme and sesame seeds.
4	The lentil soup is DELICIOUS and so are the kabob plates (although not a fan of the garlic mayo dipping sauce that came w/ the kabob plate that I mistook for yogurt sauce). Also, I was totally impressed by the warm flat bread & dipping olive oil (w/ herbs & sesame seeds). It warmed my belly. We are definitely coming back here.
4	If you're in the area, I highly recommend. Lentil soup is amazing.
4	I love this place. Great food and very fresh. They make all their pitta bread from scratch in the restaurant. They even deliver till 10pm. Great for lunch specials under $8.
1	This place is outrageous, i had a party of 10 people and we were the only ones in the place. The owner i presume takes our order but decides to NOT WRITE it down so he doesn't mess it up the order. instead he just tries to play it by memory.we wait at least 30 minutes before we get our food, and of course when the food comes out its all the wrong order. the FOOD its self was a very small portion I had the beef and lamb Schwarma which was dry and not enough meat was put in. i paid $2 extra for fries and received literally 7 fries, i counted.and even when the guy messed up the order and we told him and he still billed us the wrong items. HORRIBLE service, FOOD is over priced. DO NOT GO.
2	I just started a job in this area... I went out at lunch to find the good eating establisments.. I was craving a gryo and saw this joint off eastern ave.  I ordered the gyro 4.99 and stuffed grape leaves...  The owners are very nice and accommodating...  The food was ehhhh,, not very good in my opinion...  The gyro was tasteless,, the cucumber sauce was bland and way runny,  they do make a fresh baked pita,, that was ok but overall i was disappointed in the gyro...  The grape leaves were 5.99 for 6, dollar a piece not worth the money... Again the food was bland...   All in all, i was not impressed with this restaurant from the 2 items i ordered...  I would not recommend this place to yelpers...
4	Food is very good although not as spicy as I would have liked. The service is excellent and they play various middle eastern music videos which are a riot and hip for the culture. We go to this restaurant every time we hit Vegas!
5	The Garden Cafe is on the end of a mall row right off South Eastern and Just past  Warm Springs. The Cafe is well lit during the day by big windows. The place isn't cluttered or small. There is a lot of room. We were taken by the sparkle. The entire place was scrubbed clean and shiny. So, our first impression walking in the door was that "These Folks really take their place seriously." believe me they sure do.The menu was very well laid out. It was easy to read and the colors brought many of the items to your attention. When it comes to Mediterranean food I judge by the Tabbouleh. If a place can't put together a well make fresh Tabbouleh we just take out tent down and go home. This wonderful salad of parsley, tomatoes, onion and mint is traditional. At the Garden Cafe it was spectacular. The absolutely freshest and flavorful concoction I've ever had. The base was mounds of chopped parsley, green onion, mint, and tomato. I believe I detected a slight back ground taste of garlic. To this mixture they add fresh lemon juice and olive oil. Tabbouleh (tabouli) is a favorite of mine and there for I speak with some authority when I tell you it is the best I have ever had.Libby ordered Chicken Kabobs and I the mixed kabobs of beef, chicken, and kafta. Both our platters came with a tasty rice mixture, tomato, onion, and a thin slice of dill pickle spear. The crowning glory of this meal were the pitas. These were perfect, fresh made, puffed, and browned. It was a pure pleasure to put Tabbouleh, onion, tomato and my kafta into a half of a pita and savor the fine combination of flavors. All the meats were hot, juicy, and spiked with flavor.Our service here was quick, as quick as anything made fresh to order can be. The staff folks were friendly to the point that I really want to go there again just to feel so wanted and among the wonderful people.Our next trip here will be very soon. I intend to start with some Baba Ghanoug (ghanoush) (eggplant) and then on to more Tabbouleh, and probably Shawarma beef. Maybe I will get to some of the luscious looking Baklava.All you "round the world eaters" don't miss this it is at the top of the list for Mediterranean cuisine or any other cuisine for that matter.
3	Has a few vegan options.  Homemade lemonade that was heavenly!  Pretty good hummus and pita bread.  Grape leaves had a good flavor but were a little soggy from over saturation in lemon juice.
5	Excellent food especially the Mezza selection and homemade lemondade! The service is attentive.
5	I tried it again.  Great food, love their beef and chicken.
2	This Mediterranean restaurant looked to be closed as we arrived, but a waitress indicated it would remain open for another hour.  The interior is large, plain and was totally devoid of customers at 9PM on the Wednesday evening of our visit though one other customer arrived for take out.  I also noticed there were additional tables on the outside patio.  I ordered the mixed kabob platter, but was told they were out of beef.  We ended up each ordering chicken kabob plates that included rice, pickle, a mayonnaise/lemon sauce and house baked pita bread. The small pieces of chicken were not on kabobs, no ever had been, and the longer we lingered, the drier each tiny morsel became.  The fresh baked pita and service were probably the highlights of our meal.
3	This was my first visit to Garden Cafe, despite working in the area. We were looking for a new restaurant to give a whirl for lunch so I pulled out my trusty Yelp app and we decided on Garden Cafe. We arrived around 12:15 and the place was pretty empty. More people trickled in after we ordered but it wasn't too crowded. My coworkers ordered the gyro lunch special. I set my sites on the lamb schwarma sandwich but at last minute I decided to try the soujouk sandwich with fries and diet soda. The guy taking my order (I presume he was the owner) promised I would like the soujouk and highly recommended it.Our food came out quickly and everyone was pretty pleased with their meals. I felt the portion size was a little slim for the price, but I definitely didn't feel cheated. The sandwich was tasty, but not the best I've ever had. I'll had to try them again to see if I like any of their other food better. I'd definitely skip the fries next time and opt for a salad or some rice instead. They were definitely lackluster. Overall, we had a good meal and I am still looking forward to trying some of their menu items and giving them another chance.
5	Kind of thrown off because it was completely empty but everyone's missing it haha! Yum!
5	Went here today during lunch break and was VERY impressed. The quality of each item we ordered was really outstanding. It's one of those places you go, and literally anything and everything you try is amazing--every item is a perfect specimen of its type--down to the crunchy sweet onions or the flaky fresh bread. And surprisingly, each item costs less than you would get it most anywhere else. I even pulled up some other similar places that I go to often, and as I thought, this place was consistently a few dollars cheaper on every item. I don't know how they can give such good quality for cheaper than their competitor's. I hope a lot of people come here and keep it open, because this place is awesome and I want to try EVERYTHING!
2	I live in the area and my mom had said that she went here a few days before with my dad and was really good... Nobody acknowledged us as we walked through the doors. We were really confused on what to do,there was no sign to seat yourself or wait to be seated... Then we walked up to the huge menu they had on the wall and two men behind the counter continued on whatever it was they were doing... No hello or wait one moment... Nothing... I work in sales and my husband works at wolf gang puck.. So I'm very big on customer service... You don't have to be perfect at customer service but I mean come on... The grown men there could have said hello? I'm sure the owner wouldn't appreciate how they treated us... So I finally asked "do we seat ourselves and wait to order or order then seat ourselves?" And the one man said "yeah".... An I was like "yeah we seat ourselves or yeah we order first".... Still very confused and annoyed by that point ... Then the man said "order first"... Then we ordered the guy took forever and was horrible at taking our order... He didn't even smile or look at us in the eyes... Nothing...we ordered a few things on the menu and the total was about 21 dollars... The man still did little things that bugged me while ordering our food on the computer... Like I asked for just two waters for our drinks and he was like "ummmm okay that's free...."I was just thinking Okay??  Like okay i dont care if its free or not? i want a water?... Anyway we finally sat down .. Food came out pretty quickly... Food was amazing!!! We got two salads, humus with bread and some fries... VERY GOOD...nothing about it we didn't like... My mom told me that she was waited on my the owner the last time she had came and he was very nice.... So I'm sure it was just these two men working that in my opinion make the restaurant bad... Costumer serious is "key" in my opinion... It made me never want to go back here just because of it...I mean its not that hard to put on a smile and say "hey what's up guys how's it goin today"... Is it? Like I said... I'm sure the owner wouldn't be to happy how he treated us...
4	Just had Garden Cafe for lunch and it was really good. The chicken shawarma sandwich was deelish!! It was pretty quiet, but the staff was very nice and personable. I'll definitely be heading back..
3	Grate food. Ok service.
5	Great lunch special, so yummy. Don't leave without trying the tiramisu & baklava!
