5	Been going here for almost a decade.  Never had any problems.  Very affordable, speedy cleaning and I don't have that funky after-drycleaning stiff feeling you'd normally get at these cheap $2.29 cleaners.  (You know what I'm talkin' about)  They really do a great job and don't damage your clothes by putting stickers on your clothes like they do at the "organic drycleaners".  Just a safety pin with a piece of paper on the clothing label. They only accept cash or checks. Worse case scenario, you can use the ATM they have inside their store.
4	I've been using Regal for almost a year now and have only had one problem and that is why I'm compelled to write a review. They shredded the light silk-like material off of my brand new cardigan. I still had the receipt and the owner, Dave, was very nice about paying for my sweater. Very reasonable prices for dry cleaning and laundry. A bonus for me is the location..two buildings down from my office. Sweet.
5	Affordable, quick turnaround (2 days max), and great hours (open until 7 pm, even on Saturdays!).  The cleaning was always professional and spotless.
5	I have been using Regal for about 10 years now.  I have been dry cleaning my clothes here in the valley for 20.  BY FAR the best dry cleaners I have ever used and not over-priced whatsoever.  Other dry cleaners provided average service and over time destroyed my clothes.  At Regal, the service is quick and friendly, the owner is pleasant and readily available and when something is torn or lost (only happened twice in a decade mind you) they accepted responsibility and were quick to resolve the situation fairly.  I love Regal cleaners!  -- DBT
5	This has been my favorite Dry Cleaners for many years now. I wish i had coupons  to use here but, i never get them in the mail. However, i love this place, they do a fantastic job. Everything is always clean and fresh and pressed just the way you want it.  Good location, always very busy. The staff that works there are always very friendly. Plus it is very inexpensive/    So what more could you want.
4	I've been going here for a couple of years now and always get great service and quality. The price is reasonable (although I'd love to get some coupons!) and the turnaround is fabulous. My only qualm is that when I got home with my very nice, strapless cocktail dress it was attached to the hanger with metal spikes and nothing in between for protective cushion. I kid you not. I can't for the life of me understand why someone would do that to a silk dress. It left little holes and screwed up the stitching a bit, but not too badly. I didn't notice until I got home and I was FUMING. Had I gotten off my lazy butt and taken it back, I'm they would've handled it- they really are wonderful. At that point there's nothing they could've done to fix the dress. But I hope they read this and ream out whoever used those spiky thingies on nice dresses. NO! BAD!!Anywho. Great cleaners. Just watch out for spikes.
1	Apparently I'm too nice. I wrote in my last review after they drove spikes into my nice silk strapless dress that I was sure they would've taken care of it, had I gotten off my lazy ass, because they really are wonderful folks. Wrong. WRONG!!!I am too nice. Period. I brought in a pair of pants that I had altered recently... taken in at the waist and replaced back buttons for a mere $23 Oh, I should mention the back buttons were missing due to Regal cleaners services. Did I ever complain then? Nope. Should I have? Yup.Upon getting these pants back, they were missing a button and had weird white stuff on them. I figured they would take care of it. I took the pants in, explained that I had just had them altered (great work at The Fit Alterations, BTW) and now they were damaged. The manager was out and I waited on the call back. I miss the call and stopped by that night only to be told that the white stuff was the fabric wearing out and that was from normal wear and tear. Um, ok. They weren't like that at all when I brought them in and now they are almost unwearable (especially because of the button flap sticking out on the ass of the pants because you took it off... yet AGAIN).No offer was made to put the button back on... no offer of returning my money for the last cleaning of said pants. Nothing. If they'd sewn the button back on, at least I could've worn them one last time. Yes, I am that cheap, I would've worn them even with the white junk all over. Now, they are trash. Expensive trash. It's just weird that they went from fine to completely unwearable in one single visit to the cleaners. And that was the day that Regal lost my family's business.
4	Nice job on dry cleaned pants and cheap. but laundered shirts always come out wrinkiled.  I take pants there and shirts elsewhere and pay a bit more so i won't have to worry about touch up at home on the shirts.
5	I just got 9 items dry-cleaned for about $20!! Can I get a "HELLS YEAH?!!" I'm so happy I discovered this cleaners.  They are a HUGE step up from my old cleaners and are awesome with their same day turn-around service!  They charge about $1.25 to have any item dry cleaned and if you turn it in by 9am, then they will have it to you by 4pm.  Regal also has later hours, staying open until 7pm.  Be aware that they do not accept debit/credit cards but they do have an ATM in their lobby. I never thought that I could get so excited over a dry cleaners.
3	You get what you pay for here.  For $2.50 per garment, you'll get your clothes dry-cleaned, but you could pay more elsewhere for a better pressing with fewer wrinkles.
3	The review that says they charge $1.25 to have any item dry-cleaned is incorrect. They charge $2.50 per item. I like their prices, but I was not impressed with how they ironed my suit pants when I got them cleaned. They came back with double creases in some places and random wrinkles in the knees and legs. I had to re-iron them myself. I'm going to try American cleaners a little more south on 7th Ave. to see which is better.I do like that they are open late until 7 PM though.
2	they return the clothes wet, the service is  quick and go that they don't dry the garments, just hang them  wet in the plastic wrap, by the time you place them in your closet they get smelly bad chemicals ,smell like dirty laundry. and they ruin my suede blazer they employee  don't read the  tags, because you pay cheap everything gets the same  wash.
5	I have moved from downtown Phoenix, to busy, busy Tempe. So I keep looking for a great Dry Cleaners close to the new Crib.No luck with that. So I keep coming back to Phoenix to Regal Cleaners. I love their work! They are always done when they say they will be. In all the years I have been going here nothing has ever been damaged! A major plus when I read or hear about other cleaners.They are open Monday thru Saturday. Only closed on Sunday.The owner is there a lot as well, so he makes sure everything is nice. Although when it is just the staff they are really great also.All young people at the front counter,yet they are still nice and answer questions properly and not on the phones. Halleluiah!Parking is tight, that is because they are so popular.Love this place!They only take cash or Check, No credit cards.
5	I am surprised at myself for not writing a review before now. I thought I had.So sorry to Regals.This place has been great since day one. Everything they clean here is fantastic.They do an excellant job and the price is right.They staff is always pleasent. I do not think I have ever had a bad time here.Shows you someone knows how to do business.Cash or check for all work and you pre pay,Closed on Sunday.
4	$2.50 per item and if you drop-off before 9:00 am your stuff will be done by 4:00 pm.Good basic dry cleaner that doesn't charge you an arm and a leg just to get your clothes cleaned and pressed.Cash only - but if you forget they have an ATM in the lobby.Recommended.
4	Kind of a barebones dry cleaner, but their work has been good and on-time so far. Their prices are cheaper than most, but you must pre-pay and they only take cash.
1	My first time here, I got 2 skirts and two dresses dry-cleaned. One dress came back with a hole in it, which it did not have before, and the other dress not only came back with a stain still on it, but the armpits are shredded! The fabric around the armholes are all torn. Do not go here. Extremely careless and are now not picking up their phone.
1	Well I gave them a chance based on the rave reviews below.   my mistake.  I just got my garments back in worse condition than they were when I gave them over for cleaning.   there's a tear in one sleeve and another item looks like it was slept in it is so wrinkled.  even when I asked them to press the item a second time they brought it back to me and said "oh she pressed it again" and of course it still looks terrible. I'll be doing my own pressing from now on since apparently I'm the only one who can get wrinkles out of linen.When I voiced my concern, the quote unquote manager looked at me as if I were speaking German.  I'll not be going back.
1	i been coming to this cleaner twice a month and for 3 months that six visit  they never get the job done right,clothes is wet,collar is still dirty,wrinkled,i think i give them a lot of chance to get the job done!But it never happen!there is lots of dry cleaner out there to try and who can get the job done right,wont come back here again!
5	I have used Regal for several months now with no problems.  Recently, I took multiple shirts in for laundering and when I got one back it had an ink stain under the wrist.  I knew for certain I did not put the stain on the shirt.  I contacted Regal and returned the shirt and they attempted to get the stain out; however, when they couldn't they had me fill out an easy form assessing the value of the shirt.  I had only purchased it a few months ago and worn it about three times---so I put the full cost to replace it according to the Nordstrom website.  Today, I received a check for the full cost to replace the shirt.  They did not question or challenge me on one step in the process.  In my view, their reputation is outstanding.  Not just because of how they handled this process, but they do a great job overall, they are always timely, and they are pleasant to interact with.  I highly recommend Regal and thank them for how well they handled the incident with my shirt.  Easily five stars.
5	I have been going to Regal for years they know me by name and the staff is friendly and prompt, I recommend them to all my friends, best place to go and get your clothes cleaned!!Liz D
5	If you have to get your clothes cleaned for work, this is the place to go. Very reasonable prices for dry cleaning and laundry, next day service, and open pretty long hours. Definitely spartan in decor, but that is not important to me in a dry cleaner. I have been going here for years and they have always done a great job.
1	It's 2015, what legit business only takes cash or checks? Who carries that with them anymore? I'll take my business elsewhere.
