2	I would recommend reading the reviews of the other locations and see how people are promised one thing when they sign up only to have it change when it is time to renew their contract.  Prices going up over $180 a year after being told their "price for life"  to being nickel and dimed to use separate pieces of equipment.  Do research!
4	I have been a member since October 2010 and so far have enjoyed this facility and the services it has to offer. The mind and body clsses are my favorite and the instructors are absolutely amazing. One complaint I have are the showers, as the shower curtains are in need of replacement!
4	I just joined today and the biggest reason for the membership is the distance to my home (1 mile away).  The gym itself is beautiful inside and out and they are a little too cocky in my opinion.  They also said that their prices are non-negotiable which is nice as long as I don't find out someone is paying less than me which always happens.  I came from a 2 year membership at 24hr Fitness for $300 which is a smoking deal since it comes out to $12/month but closest gym is 43ave & Bell.  I agree with Bianca the shower curtains look like there is mold on them and my salesperson told me that their prices are higher because they are a high end gym which means that the water should be soften in my opinion.  I mean I have soft water at home and wouldn't call my home high end.  Anyway, I worked out here for the first time and all the equipment is 1st class nice new equipment, I thought it was odd that there was only ONE flat bench press which means I wont be doing that much.  Good thing there is lots of other nice equipment to work out with.  I love all the cardio machines and how everyone has its own TV.  The entire atmosphere is really, really nice.  There is a large movie screen room as you enter the bathrooms, there is several showers, and nice lockers with plenty of room to change.  There is carpet in the bathroom locker area which is OK as long as it is replaced every few years because that would be gross.  There is all kinds of other services and a great snack bar and the kids area seems cool with surveillance for anyone to see what is going on.  My biggest complaint about this place is that there is no jacuzzi, I love using them after a workout because it relaxes my muscles and is very therapeutic (only reason I took a star away).  Other than that I really enjoyed the work out and hope that this review stays at 4 stars....I mean I hope they get a jacuzzi so I can give them back a star.
4	Been a member for 18 months!  Used to go to LA Fitness, but this is my new home.  Only wish they had a pool and racquetball courts
4	After several months of being a member at MSF, I decided to cancel my membership. The Gym itself was great and classes are wonderful, but I wanted something more intense for the mind and body classes. I had no problems cancelling my membership and I can highly recommend MSF for anybody that is looking for a new gym.
4	This gym is by far the favorite i've left my money at. The prices seem fair...i've seen alot of bait and switch talk...i don't know but i thought they were very straight forward. i've been there three days a week for the past six weeks and other than the fact that i injured myself(past knee issue) i've had nothing but a good experience. they never seem to be terribly busy no matter what time or what day i go there. the busiest day i've seen is monday after work but even then i was able to find a treadmill and an elliptical free. the locker rooms are certainly adequate and have any amenity that i need. they are rarely crowded although they do seem to run a tiny bit hot. i really felt that the core concepts people tried to actually match me up with a trainer that was appropriate to my expressed needs and my personality. misty is fantastic and has worked with my injury to make sure we don't do more damage but keep on moving forward. towels are always clean and available and i rarely have to wait for equipment. so...that basically means its up to me to keep going rather than pay and then quit!!
1	Worse customer service ever!
5	Wow I don't know where to begin. Convenient location for us out in the boonies of Peoria, beautiful facilities, classes are free, blow dryers in the bathrooms are amazing, tvs everywhere....seriously changed my life. I lost 20 pounds going to this gym. Worth every penny.
4	I've been a member of this gym for three months.I've had a good experience all around. CHILDCARE: (4 year old and 19 month old) IS CRAZY busy. However, after a few weeks I  learned when to go, so the child care isn't so busy. I have found the 8:30 am classes are a safe bet (so the childcare isn't insane) but if you go for a later class in the summer, the place is nuts. I learned they are not state certified, so the state law of 10 children to 1 employee doesn't exist to them... however, they "try" to stay close. Once time, It took me 10 minutes just to pick my kids up because the line was so long.  Both of my  kids think the place is really fun and look forward to going. It's kept very clean (from what I can see) and the staff is very nice. It is also very safe because you have to badge in with key fob and show picture (which is in the system) to drop off and pick up. The only reason I'm not giving this a 5* review is because the childcare is simply too busy for my taste. CLASSES: amazing. The teachers are very nice and friendly. The programs are great. The power yoga is amazing. Muscle classes are great, as well as the TBC classes. Cycle classes are fun. All work up a great sweat and are great. All equipment is kept clean, but some of the hand weights are getting old. LOCKER ROOM: nice. I came from arrowhead country club, and I think that this locker room was nicer from theirs.I have never used the "gym floor" with treadmills or free weights.
4	Great gym and awesome kids club. You won't feel bad about leaving your kids in this club while you work out. They even have a bouncey house for the kids
2	Went to a class in the "mind body" room at Peoria location. Temperature of the room 68 degrees.  Thermostat is locked and am told temperature can only be adjusted "remotely . The teacher and staff attempted to adjust the thermostat without success.  Am told the corporation wants to "lower costs"  68d degrees is not compliant with industry standards.
1	I attended yoga this morning at the Peoria location.  Just as last time the weather cooled, the temperature when I entered was 69 degrees, which does not meet industry standards.  Once again the employees at the desk said it could only be done "remotely"  The instructor found a maintenance man who also could not adjust the temperature, he "didn't know why it wasn't working".  So in spite of reassurances it would be kept between 75-77 degrees after my last complaint, absolutely nothing has been fixed or changed, and employees are still saying they cannot adjust it.
4	A good crowd, kind of reminds me of "Cheers" the TV show, "everyone knows your nam"e. As far as gyms go, it's clean, well organized and has just about everything even an advanced gym user would want. The trainers are always helpful and friendly. I am always greeted with a smile as I am checked in to the system. The childcare is the BOMB! What don't they do, is the question. Mountainside has a clientelle that is pretty gym savvy for the most part and very family oriented although we still see issues with gym etiquette but I am not certain any gym can do anything about members not putting their weights away. Overall, I love this gym!
5	gotta love mountianside .. i go the surprise one. but been to this one many times. they are very nice and i feel welcomed when i go :)
5	Been going here for 3 years.  Great gym.  Other than a pool they have everything u need!  Because of the no pool, I was going to give them a 4 star.  However, because they give yelpers an awesome deal by awarding them with a free smoothie and tan if they check in... It will be a 5 star!
4	I've been a member here for years now, and I have recommended it to anyone who has asked.  Plenty of machines and other equipment, classes available, clean locker rooms, and with a few exceptions, a helpful staff.  Only knocks:  * Only 3 AMT machines, and they're usually full.  Wish there were just a few more.* Although every machine has its own TV, not all of them work, and maintenance on them seems to be pretty slow.  Some of them stay broke for a few weeks.* A little pricier than some other places, but not enough to make me switch gyms - yet...* Wish it had a pool.  Overall, though, it's a great gym.
5	I don't go to Mountainside Fitness for working out, but I do use their Chiropractor there for a long time.  Never have I walked in the door without the staff giving me a super friendly greeting and being extremely helpful.  The place is always super clean, too, with plenty of trainers around to help.I have a great impression of this place from what I've seen.
3	Very busy. Childcare staff needs more training with infants. Need more classes, they are always packed and not able to fit everyone. But it's very clean.
5	This gym is great. Tons of machines and all the latest equipment. Staff is super friendly and very clean. Almost all the people are there to work out and not socialize. Lots of classes and a full size basketball court. Locker rooms are clean.  Great place.
1	This 1 star rating is for the personal training. The gym itself is 5 star. Checked in at 10:45 for a 11:00 fitness evaluation. The front desk told me that the trainer will be with me shortly as he was at the desk with new clients. I sat around for 45 mins before I decided to work out. I noticed the trainer was still at the desk with the same people. At 12:00 I noticed the trainer training somebody else. I told the front desk that the trainer blew me off. Later the manager came by I said she was sorry but they did not know I was there. I guess the 3 free personal training sessions I received for signing up will go to waste. New clients seem more important than existing clients. Will not be ignored again. I highly recommend  Mountainside Fitness just don't get trainers.
5	I've been a member of Mountainside Fitness for 5 years and wouldn't change a thing. The gym equipment and the facilities are great but the it's the Core Fitness Trainers that are the best. I've been working out with Brian twice a week for 3 years and his workouts push me to my limits and are never boring! All the staff at the gym are friendly and helpful and make you feel like you truly belong. This is a great place to work out!
3	My husband and I have been members since October 2013.  Membership is a little pricey, but you do get what you pay for.  The amenities are great, the gym is clean and well-staffed (staff members are very friendly!), the M Kids childcare center is fun & they offer some great events like date night and parent's night out.  (Another special feature for parents - you can take a peek in on the little ones while you're working out just by changing the TV station to a dedicated channel.  Cameras are in every room of M Kids.)  Great sauna and steam room, and there's plenty of equipment which is great because this is a busy gym!  I did try the free training sessions, and my trainer was very knowledgeable (if a little conceited and condescending)... Pricing may be on par for personal training (I wouldn't know), but it was more than I could afford.  In terms of membership I would recommend paying 12 months up front, which saves you a little on the overall cost.  I haven't joined a class yet but there are quite a few offered, at all times of the day, which are free to members as well.  All in all, if you're planning to spend a good amount of time at the gym, this one is worth checking out.  TIP: Check groupon and livingsocial for periodic special offers.
1	I went to this gym with two of my friends and we were  greeted nicely at the front desk. We showed up with a 5 day pass to see if we liked the gym and possibly to get a membership. We are taken to the membership counter and immediately bombarded with questions from this older blonde lady, who doesn't even greet us or act friendly might I add. She treats us like were being interviewed, asking us why Mountainside? Then shows us the ridiculous monthly fee of 41 dollars a month.  Oh and then doesn't take my free pass because I have a VA license yet plenty of other proof that I'm an AZ citizen. She was completely rude and ruined the whole experience for us. Just because you see 3 19 year old girls instead of some rich middle aged woman doesn't mean you should be disrespectful and treat us like were not a potential customer..
1	I went in with friends to get a trial pass. A young, nice, blonde, lady greeted us. We were directed to a membership counter when a blonde older lady started to badger us with questions. She later denied my friend a pass because she had a virgina id (which the lady at the front said was no big deal and we would be fine) we had plenty of other proof that she lived in Arizona but the lady still didnt except it. We wanted to all go to the gym together! And were not going to buy a memebership wiithout trying it out first. Theres a $120 mountain sides not going to get every month! Were going to fitness one instead. It might not be as nice but they treat you much better and its not a ridicoulous price.
1	The front counter people were very friendly & it was my first time so I was very thrilled about trying this gym out. They introduced me to a blonde lady who handles memberships. First off she did not even shake my hand or introduce herself to me. She just told me to take a seat and began badgering me with interview questions like, 'why mountainside? what's interesting about it?' Like IDK! Isn't that your job?! You tell me! She had this rude, snobby attitude and talked down at me like I was stupid. I couldn't listen to her bs anymore so I just stormed out. Worst experience at a gym. Never going back unless it's to kick her behind! I'd give it zero stars if I could!
5	On January 17, 2014 my daughter and I joined Mountainside Fitness, Peoria AZ location.Being 80 years old with a body that has been totally out of 'alignment' after major reconstructive shoulder surgery in 2012 I needed much help and a personal trainer.I am immensely fortunate that Brian Lawson of 'Core Concepts' took me on. Already, after two months of twice a week half hour intensive training, my spirits are up, my body is getting stronger and more flexible, I am sleeping more soundly, hurting much less over all. Brian challenges me within the limits of my abilities, he knows human anatomy, Brian is thoughtful, knowledgeable, professional, funny and very supportive. When entering MSF one always is greeted with welcoming smiles and a warm salutation. The facility is impeccably clean and provides a wide variety of first-rate equipment.Indeed, joining MSF in Peoria and having found Brian Lawson are lightening up my life!
2	UPDATE: Had to remove a star.  Do NOT depend on the WiFi here.  They shouldn't even advertise free WiFi, because it only works about 50% of the time.  Clearly the adapter needs to be reset but none of the beautiful people who work here seem to have a clue what to do.  They just repeat the access password to you like parrots.  Expected better for the price we pay for membership.  I'm starting to consider other local gyms.... any suggestions?
4	Been a member for 2 years now and I like it. There are some improvements they do need to make like the WIFI sucks. At least they got new treadmills since they were all constantly breaking. They need to have more classes early morning. But love the staff.
4	They upgraded their WiFi since my last post. It's much more reliable now.  Appreciate that management takes member feedback seriously!
5	Great customer service and trainers. But it smells bad inside when it's hot and humid outside
5	Nice staff and beautiful facility. I especially love the group fitness classes.
5	I have been coming to this gym for over a year now. I have lost a total of 125 lbs with the help of my awesome trainer, Blake!!! I never feel intimidated or out of place here. I would highly recommend the core concept trainers. They have helped me change my life!!
5	I have been working out at MSF Peoria with the help of personal trainer Shaun since April 2014 and am making steady progress in my mobility, strength and flexibility after  serious shoulder surgery and an upper leg injury. I am in my eighties and can attest to the fact that regular exercise with Shaun's expert and highly skilled assistance have been incredibly and wonderfully helpful: I feel better overall, sleep better and have less pain than before. Which is also important for my improved outlook on life! Thank you, Shaun!
5	This is a place you can go and do activities to lose weight. Or you can bulk up and learn how to bench press cars or crush boulders. I mean the choice is yours. It's dope tho cuz you can like lift weights or do some cardio on the machines. They got a basketball court too but some people be real good like they are trying out for the NBA, so I just wait till their done and shoot a bunch of air balls but look good doing it. Oh and you can like tan or use their steam room which is cool unless and old guy gets naked then it's just weird. Probably don't eat a pizza after you get done working out like I did, but that's just me, I don't conform to societies rules.
5	Mountainside is great! I've been doing personal training there for 9 months, and I'm very happy with my progress. My trainer Shaun is extremely knowledgeable, friendly, and knows exactly what I need in order to keep pushing forward. The facilities are very clean, and while it does fill up during its busier times, it's never so busy that you have to wait for a machine or equipment.It's not the cheapest option out there, but you get what you pay for, and this is definitely well worth the expense if you're serious about getting in shape.
5	Love it! "Gyming",  training, and exercising is a lifestyle, which is exactly why Mountainside Fitness(Peoria) was the choice for us.  It's size, and the availability and diversity of equipment can accommodate a lot of people with variety of needs and interests; and I especially love the large mat space. The selection of  FREE classes, geared toward a wide range athletic abilities, are a treat.  I would recommend taking Lorrie's Spinning class and then join her Pilates class that follows.   You WILL leave her feeling challenged, physically and mentally stronger, and a craving to return.  #keepingitreal is what comes to mind  when I think of her. I am completely humbled and impressed with the Core Concepts training staff.  I had been a competitive runner for 30 years and following surgery found myself wondering: "What next"?   Truth is, I didn't THINK I needed a trainer. Me? No. But.. I figured I would give it a try; something different while I recovered.   I was assigned to Shaun.   He is an elite athlete with expertise in kinesiology and exercise physiology. HE proved me wrong.  I DID need a trainer. His attention to detail translates to being sure proper form is paramount, especially when recovery is involved.   More important...he learned very quickly MY battle was far greater then just doing one more rep. or lifting one more weight.  It was life-changing. Shaun listened to my needs and frustrations; and he ignored my meltdowns (at my request). He helped me  find new challenges that would still fulfill my competitive nature.....and kept it fun.  Another surgery didn't get in "his" way, because he knows something I have had to learn. Sometimes, it's about what I CAN do...today... that matters.  Eight months later, I am better, I am stronger and I have stepped outside the comfort of my running shoes (for now)...and I am still moving forward.... thanks to him.
