5	If you understand the differences between absolute and program music and can deliver a dissertation on Baroque, Classical, and Renaissance styles then good for you. Drop me an email because some of it is completely over my head and skip this review because it's not for you. If your looking for something different, a brief respite to rip you away from the grind and let your mind wander formlessly amid the music then check out the symphony. Despite popular belief there is no formal dress code however you might find a favorable response from your fellow patrons if you wear a shirt and shoes after all this is the symphony not the South. Though some people wear jeans you may feel more comfortable in a pair of slacks or casual business attire but ultimately who cares you paid for a ticket just like everyone else. Largely, the only complaint I can muster are the somewhat cramped seats in Phoenix Symphony Hall. Intermissions usually offer a coffee and cocktail bars. Also make sure and arrive slightly early, while they might not care about how you're dressed, etc. I promise you they absolutely will not let you to the hall after the doors close, you will be stuck in the lobby until the intermission.  Downtown Phoenix and the other symphony venues also offer a variety of wonderful places to dine before or after the performance. The Phoenix Symphony website www.phoenixsymphony.org offers additional information, performance calendars, and ticket sales. Unplug and give it a try.
5	I'm not sure someone who is tone deaf has any business reviewing the Phoenix Symphony, but here is my unqualified take on it minus any technical critique.It's something everyone should go to at least once, even if you think it's not for you.  And don't buy into the tales of these evildoers that wander around Yelp complaining there is no culture in Phoenix.  The musicians are talented, at least in this tone-deaf Yelper's humble opinion.We've gone to a few performances.  The Mr. prefers the Classical series which is enjoyable even if sometimes I want to take a nap.  I prefer the Pop series.  And mixed in with this are a variety of holiday performances (the Hocus Pocus Halloween performance was really entertaining!)  On the plate for next Spring...an Elvis tribute.  Yep, I'll be there.  Also Simon & Garfunkel and McCartney/Beatles tributes, and music from the 30's & 40's.  Now between all that and the Classical stuff, there really is something for everyone.  Also, I'm on their mailing list and recently got a 48% off if you purchased tickets within 48 hours for Hocus Pocus.  I love a good deal!  One final note.  One of the musicians has an assist dog who is darn cute and had a pumpkin cape on last time.  How can you say no to that?
5	We have had season tickets to the Pops series for three years now. We love us our music! Last night we saw again the wonderful jim Witter who did a tribute to one of my favs of all times, Simon and Garfunkle. ( I know every word to every song they ever wrote. Yes I know nerd alert here) JW usually does a Billy Joel and Elton John tribute. Ha! Last year I even got to sing and dance on stage to Crocodile Rock. Na-na-na-na-na  Na-na-na-na-na!  Don't ask, but life goal number 1 completed! LOL! Well as far as last night goes, all I can say is that we were rocking the place. ( Well ok as far as one can rock out to Simon and Garfunkle) I am sure the conductor was cringing at how rowdy the third row was. Teeehhhee! We were jamming out to the music. ( Yes sorry handsome conductor man. I know it is the Symphony and probably made you cringe with all that classical training in the house. Then the NY, Alice Cooper gang hooligan types came in-hahaha thus why I like the Pops more than the classical. I will go to classical shows too so really I am just kidding. However. I do love the pops so much more. I know, I know, I feel like "Just Jack" from Will and Grace. I love me my musical theater and showtunes, Gleek here.     Last year I even got to see my all time musical theater hero diva perform,  Patti Lupone. SIGH! Got to meet her after the show too. Thanks Phoenix Symphony for that photo op! (Life goal number two, check!) Advice, now if you could only get Mandy I would truly be in heaven. ( Life goal check number 3 perhaps?)    However, I do went to point out they do have something for everyone with an eclectic yearly calendar of different musical genres. I do worry about cultural Arts programs and budget cuts in Az so hope people continue to support them in any fashion. I know it is not NY or London but it's still good!  I also love it when I see the young set being introduced to the Symphony. We sat next to a delightful 13 year old young man last night. He was rocking out with us. ( Ok Dad listens to S/G in the car every day. But at least the boy didn't  appear to be having his teeth pulled out by being there)  So to all of my fellow music lovers, check it out, support local Arts, and enjoy!Oh an afterthought- The person who sings with Jim ( can't remember his name) does the meanest, most awesome, best impression of Edith Bunker ever. I have no idea how a man can even hit a high note like that. If you ever have the chance to see him do this I would strongly advise you to do so. It is so fun!
5	I can't believe I haven't written a review for the Phoenix Symphony since I've been a regular here for the last 3 years!I've brought my son here to see the Nutcracker performed by the AZ Ballet since he was two. And we're season subscribers to the Phoenix Symphony Family Series for the last two years. We have tickets in the Orchestra section so my son who is 5 can see all the musicians up close and personal to keep his attention.  I love how they add a little kid friendly entertainment and/or performance to each concert to make it fun for the little ones. Also love the family activities an hour prior to start of concert. While there is no dress code, it's always nice to use this occasion to dress up my son a little so he knows we are going to some place special.
4	We attended a great  event on Saturday for Dios de la Muerta with tons of great Hispanic Music, dancers and puppets. The event was family friendly and very well put together. there's not a bad seat in the house and the ushers were  VERY helpful. all in all, great experience!
5	I love this venue.  The symphony is amazing and the staff have great customer service skills.  I have seen a ballet, three symphonies, and the Texas Tenors so far  at this location and I have been pleased each time.  Great place to spend your Saturday night!
3	My BF got us tickets with the best intentions.  He thought it would be a great excuse to doll up. BUT I think we went overboard.  When we got there it felt like were the only ones that dolled up. =(Lots of stuck up older women. Felt like a scene from pretty woman... UGH....  I didn't think I looked like a hooker at all but when in the elevator I questioned my outfit.  *** I should have worn nylons or slacks lol*** cause obviously a peplum pencil skirt and a silk blouse made me look like a whore!!  We spent the whole day driving so when we saw the concert.....the beautiful music got us so SLEEPY...  we ended up leaving early. =(We promised to each other that we will come back in 15 years!!
4	I am a total fan. I just began going to the Symphony on a general basis this year...already three times! All have been a great experience, and now I will pass off to you what I think about the Phoenix Symphony...~What To Do~Listen to sweet sweet music. The business model for the symphony is interesting. I want to quickly point out in this section that they hold concerts at numerous venues in the valley, the prime and good 80% of them being at Symphony Hall. The variety of performances is fresh, not too much of either genre or historical music eras.~The Good~ They offer other types of events that you simply don't expect. I saw South Pacific in both a significantly stripped down play format, accompanied by the Symphony itself, was truly exciting to see such a different performance. It makes me into a real music buff, and I truly enjoy sitting back and listening to the great vibes and sounds these amazing musicians provide. The site itself is very pretty and classically done up, and as always, the location is perfectly situated right by numerous restaurants you can stop by at. But once again, before I go further, they are a complete symphony offering all the different types of music, including newer acts which you would usually see in other formats. Its comprehensive music viewing!~The Bad~Not too much. The prices are as is, can't whine about them when the music is top notch quality. They have to make their money somehow. But being as is, prices do scare me away a bit. That's OK. The drink stations are also a bit expensive, and they barely give you anything. I always thought they could extend the food options further to light o'dourves and such...nothing too much. Honestly I am being picky at this point, really not much to be upset about.~The Down Low~If you are interested in having a sweet date night or simply looking to tickle your eardrums with outstanding ear vibes, come here. Its a chance to get dressed up as well. They get 4 stars for variety of acts, a wonderful facility, proximity to restaurants, and the unique special events they put on. Enjoy the sound of music!
5	Attended dress rehearsal for Maestro John Williams leading the Phoenix Symphony in advance of the concert tonight with Steven Spielberg.  It was 10 a.m. on a Saturday morning for the rehearsal and the PS staff and ushers were dressed up, courteous and professional.  Plus, on the way existing the concert hall, two ushers thanked me for attending "the rehearsal."  Great service all the way around.  Wish I was attending the concert tonight.  Awesome experience and always love attending the Phoenix Symphony.  Thanks too, to Maestro Williams.
5	I've been to the phoenix symphony a handful of times now and I always leave wanting to go back. There are no bad seats in the hall.The staff is completely professional and generally very friendly. Here's a couple of tips if you want to go. 1) Bring cash for parking. I'm not even sure where you would go if you didn't have any cash to park. It'll cost roughly $12 to park in any of the nearby structures. 2) Keep an eye out for discounted tickets.  the 2013-2014 season has been exceptional in regards to special offering for tickets.  This is probably because of their lack of real musical direction while they search for a new Music Director/Conductor.Try the symphony's website or living social for deals.3) Take a coat. It can be cold in the hall. If you're a guy, you should especially bring one for your girlfriend who will inevitably get cold and take it.
5	Culture! Now I have had my cultural experiences in my past, and it has made me stand a little more upright and eat more with utensils. With that said, I have reached an all time high, or low (to some), by going to the Nutcracker with my GF. As I entered the Phoenix Symphony I had to wind my way thru little girls in poofy dresses and lost men with their girlfriends. The entrance is somewhat plain, but once you enter the hall you feel like you blew it by not wearing your ascot. Needless to say I was very entertained by the Nutcracker and the Ballet Dancers and Symphony were fantastic. I am very surprised that little girls don't get creeped out by the Nutcracker guy. I see that thing come to life and I'm running!Oh yeah, now I know what the hell a Sugar Plum Fairy is too!!!
5	I heard Maestro Falletta on a radio interview.  She was lucid and deft with her language.  Speaking extemporaneously.  I wondered if she was more truly a verbal maestro than a musical one.  She made me realize how good it is to live a life immersed in music, something redemptive.  Not clogged with bitterness or bottom lines.  Stress?  Sure.  But in the service of something eternal.  The music.  Which lasts when administrations and trends are gone, and flashes in the pan are revealed as pyrite.  Speaking of eternal, the particular piece she was discussing was Beethoven's fifth.  And I learned something!  Real pros don't call it Beethoven's fifth. They call it "Beethoven Five".  Can you imagine composing something that the best talents of subsequent ages compete with each other to try to do honor to? She also discussed the ruddy earthy tambre of another piece, and those words resonated because I was careening across a stretch of Arizona's ruddy desert at that point and I felt her words echo the landscape.  She was more lyrical and relevant and hard hitting with her prose than many self-styled prose gurus and 97% of talking heads.  As a Virginian, I was proud to learn that she is a director at the Virginia Symphony Orchestra, also.  Attaboy (or girl) JoAnn!
4	Great venue.  Great shows.  I've had seats in both the lower and upper levels, and both were equally good.
5	Nice facility. Not a bad seat in the place. I went here to see My Fair Lady....Theater meets the symphony! What a show! There is a parking garage attached to the symphony hall. I was lucky; I found parking in front, on the road! :-)Great experience. I will definitely be back.
5	Love coming here with other students, teachers, or just on a date night! When I met my fiancee I was more excited to come and see his mentor, John Ebinger the bassist. I was lucky enough to watch Michael Christie before he left his tenure with the Phoenix Symphony Orchestra. We were very lucky to have him for eight years. I cannot recommend highly enough the Pops series for a bit of fun with the family or friends. The orchestra plays almost 200 concerts every year, so there is always a ton of concerts to choose from. They offer a regular series of Classics, Symphony Pops, Chamber Orchestra, and Family offerings. They also celebrate the holidays with special events and community celebrations. I get tickets for free from my honors program, but they offer a college club program where you can attend unlimited Classic concerts for only $30! They also offer a special price of $11.50 one hour prior to performance (excludes special event/family concerts) for students with ID, and 25% off for seniors. Teachers get 50% off any ticket! Yay!Dress: This is America so you can pretty much do what you want in terms of dress, however, I prefer to dress formally when I go to the symphony, it makes the experience for me. You can dress business casual and feel quite comfortable, though I usually notice that people dress up when they come (conservatively, not Jennifer Lopez navel baring, Versace dress wearing). When to clap: look at the conductor's arms, are they down? Good, more than likely the piece is over and you may clap your little heart out. It's always amusing to see people go crazy in the middle of a piece. Woooo! You conduct you little conductee!Come ahead of time to attend the pre-concert chats before every Symphony Classics, and Coffee Classics concerts, where members of the audience get to interview guest artists, and members of the orchestra! Allow time for parking, the main entrance and will-call window is located on the West side of the building. They have a full bar, including coffee and tea if you choose to imbibe before, during, or after the concert. There are so many restaurants to choose from in the CityScape area.
3	Not the greatest sound system or sight lines. Also a bit out of the way and somewhat inconvenient for me to get to, so it's not the sort of place I'll go out of my way to see a show unless I really, really love the band.
5	I am in love with the Phoenix Symphony!  I have seen two concerts performed by the Phoenix Symphony so far and I cannot wait to see more.  Most recently, my husband and I watched the Nutcracker.  We purchased the "cheap seats," which were still pricey.  We arrived 15 minutes late (tacky, I know).  This stunt ended up being a blessing in disguise.  Since we were late the usher told us we had to sit in the balcony until intermission so that we would not disrupt the show by entering through the main doors.There were only a handful of people in the balcony so we pretty much got our pick of seats.  The orchestra was down in the pit (correct term?  Dunno.) and we could actually see the full orchestra from that angle.  It was like panorama view!At intermission we went to find our actual seats, but we were turned off by how crowded it was.  Plus, our seats were in the second to last row which wasn't exactly a primo spot.  Mind you, Symphony Hall is not that big so there really isn't a bad seat.  We decided that the balcony was better for us so we made our way back upstairs.The previous concert we experienced was with Broadway singer, Cheyenne Jackson. These seats were complimentary from the Phoenix Symphony via our apartment management.  On this occasion the orchestra was directly on stage backing up the singer.  This was a more intimate set up, whereas The Nutcracker was more grand. The Phoenix Symphony is a great way to sneak in a little culture and to experience one of the treasures of downtown Phoenix.
