4	This place is very off-the-beaten-track, I'm sure most people overlook it....I only came across it whilst searching online for somewhere 'different' to eat...and when I came across the review on the Phoenix New Times website(http://www.phoenixnewtimes.com/2005-02-10/dining/sultans-of-shish/), I knew this was it...I only docked a star for the (extremely) sparse decor and atmosphere...this place could have been any other type of business with just a change of sign and omission of tables...anyway, the food was great! my fiance ordered skewers of beef and lamb(I'm not too keen on lamb, but the beef was tender and succulent...very well spiced!)...I had a cucumber salad(diced, along with onions and parsley, and soaked in vinegar-lemon juice), which enchanted me so much that I created my own version at home and make it every time I feel like doing a bit of dicing(msg me for the recipe--it's a bit death-breathy and labor-intensive but delicious!)...and, during dessert, I could see why Samarkand was voted 'Best Tea in Phoenix'...the black tea was easily the best I've ever had(besides a special brand of blue ginger tea I make a point to keep my cabinet stocked with)...it was strong and rich...absolutely incredible!definitely make it a point to search this place out--it's worth the effort!
3	A friend of mine has been going on and on about this place!  So finally, he and I went to lunch there!  Like Mr. K, we were the only ones there for lunch.  The same thing happened, walked in and staff stopped talking, looked at us quizzically, smiled and ushered us to take a table.My only other experience with "Russian" food was in Berkeley, and it was run by sophisticated Muscovites.  So having a family style Russian meal simply intrigued me in wondrous ways.  It was obvious from the buzz and the extra elaborate decor that there was a party planned for later that evening.  The disco ball was adorned with navy blue satinized ribbons matched with silver Mylar.  I had to ask my friend if this was usual, and he said no...it's extraordinary.Our suspicions were confirmed when we started ordering, "No we don't have.  no we don't have.  no we don't have.  We have big party."  Okay...so she suggested alternatives to what we initially wanted.  We ended up with cabbage salad, bean salad, borscht, bread, beef kebab, lamb kebab...oh the eggplant salad also.  We had a lot of food for two people!  The food was definitely home-y.I would put this restaurant on my quarterly circulation, but I can't see myself visiting more frequently.  It's too out of the way for me.My rec...go for lunch and have the lamb kebab and borscht, you'll be full for hours!
1	This is my first review on Yelp and Samarkand is the restaurant that inspired me to register and write my first review.  Unfortunately, this is not a good thing. This restaurant was utterly disappointing and has set a new low point in my culinary experience.I went in for lunch on a Monday with a friend.We walked in to the restaurant to find it empty and decorated with "Happy 1st Birthday" banners.  We thought that they were closed for a private party and my friend suggested we should go somewhere else.. I should have listened.After spending a minute or two shouting "hello", we were greeted with a nice lady who assured us they were open and sat us down on one of the many empty tables.  The place was clean, but had a "funky" smell to it.Since we had never had Russian food we decided to be adventurous.  We ordered some home made fruit drink that did not agree with our palates, and sumsa (which is bread, filled with ground beef and onions) to start with.  We also ordered some bread (can't remember the name) to eat with our marinated lamb and marinated beef sheesh kabobs.Fruit drink: Did not finish.  Not for us, not sweet, had an odd aftertaste.Sumsa: Did not finish:  Tasted and smelled like the meat filling had gone rancid before cooking.Bread: Majority consumed.  Tasteless, but edible.Marinated Beef: Did not finish.  Tough, chewy and tasteless.Marinated Lamb: Did not finish.  Chunks of fat on bone.  No meat to be seen.  Absolutely disgusting.Needless to say, I will not be returning, or recommending this place to anyone.  I wish I could rate this place to zero stars, but Yelp does not allow for it.NOTE: No one else came in to eat at the restaurant the entire time we were in it (peak lunch hour time).
5	For years I heard about borscht and pirozhki amongst other Russian and East European favorites. I always wondered what the hype was about borscht. The problem is that there aren't many Russian eateries in Phoenix (just this place and another up north, that I know of) so I never had the chance to try out this cuisine. Then a Russian friend told me about a Russian-Uzbeki place he heard about called Samarkand Restaurant and naturally I went, and he came along with me. We've actually been there twice already. Like Mr. K's review said, it's in a strip mall which sits directly across the street from another strip mall in which the Russian Market resides (I have reviewed the Russian Market too). We walked in and immediately got a whiff of some sort of soup (it was pelmeni soup, more on that later) and got an eye full of the nice decor (they did some decorating since Gina W's earlier review); mirrored walls with pictures of domed mosques, a chandelier, gold inlay adorned tile floors, fancy dishware set out on each table, and of course, traditional Uzbeki-Russian music playing overhead. Behind the counter there's a framed picture of Mike Tyson himself posing with with Svetlana and her husband at the restaurant. Apparantly Mike has a taste for more than just mutulated ears and he has stopped by a few times for a bite (no cheesy pun intended). We stepped forward and Svetlana greeted us, told us to take a seat, and handed us menus. The food is actually pretty good. This is what we ordered on our first and second visits: ------------------------------ First visit: We weren't fully familiar with the menu, so Svetlana sat down and walked us through the menu. I got: **Borscht - The infamous borscht that I had heard so much about. It was pretty good; tasted similar to what I thought it would taste like. **Pirozhki - Small meat filled pies approximately the size of a dinner roll. You'll find these under the appetizer section as "Samsa", the Uzbek alternate name, but they'll know what you mean by pirozhki. My friend and myself loved these. We ate a couple of them. l recommend you get a couple of these, you won't regret it. Our second visit was mainly inspired by the pirozhki and lipioshka alone. **Lipioshka - A danish-like round bread served hot and fresh. We shared it, and much like Mr. K, we also really liked it and it's very filling. This bread comes with a tasty sauce that you dip the lipioshka into. It's much like salsa but with a greener/leafier taste. I recommend also getting the lipioshka along with the pirozhki. **My friend also got pelmeni soup and two marinated beef kebabs with a complimentary side of rice. ----------------------------- Second visit: Like the first time, we asked for pirozhki and a lipioshka again. This time I decided to try the pelmeni soup and I came to find out that the whiff that you first get as you walk in is that of this soup. I really don't know why it smells like pelmeni, seeing as to how it's obviously not the only thing that's prepared there. Anyhow, the soup itself is simple but good. It's basically ravioli squares stuffed with beef in a broth with a sort of grass. Very filling. Again, my friend ordered some kebabs with rice and onions. ----------------------------- Just like another reviewer said, you will be full for hours. We will be going back to Samarkand later on. (If you are wondering about price, my friend and myself spent $15-$17 each, both times there.) I recommend it because the food is good and filling and besides, how many other Russian-Uzbeki joints have you seen around town? None right? Then here you have the opportunity to experience a culinary rarity. And If a tough nail like Mike Tyson likes it, then you know it must be good. And besides, you wouldn't want to disagree with Mike's choice; we know what happens when someone has a disagreement with him. Just watch the news. It's not pretty.
3	I'm going to echo some of the other reviews on here. This restaurant is close by my office so I tried it for lunch, recently. Upon entering, the place looked deserted. The dining room is attractive, but seemed to be set up for a birthday party. It looks like it was remodeled recently. After making a bit of noise for about 3-4 minutes, a lady came out and seated us.The woman was very friendly and did a good job making recommendations. The food took a while to arrive. The soups we had were great and so was the salad. We had some shish kabbabs (lamb, beef and sea-bass). The beef and sea bass was good, but the lamb had bits of bone and was fairly gristly. The rice was good for the first few bites and then I got a mouthful of slimey wierdness once I got through the top layer. If you ask for water, you get a bottle of Aquafina, which is fine, but unexpected.While we were eating, another party showed up (that makes 2 groups total). Even though the place was almost empty, it took almost 10 minutes to get our check and another 5 to pay. This wait would have been expected in most parts of Eastern and Western Europe, unfortunately it can be a deal-breaker someone who has a limited time for lunch.I hate to sound overly negative about Samarkand, because the people working there are actually quite nice and some of the food was good. I will keep it in my lunch rotation and see what happens in future visits.
5	It only took 10 minutes at lunch and already we had the sneaking suspicion that this was a great place. Clean, neat, friendly and oh, the food! Like so many places in Phoenix Samarkand is not a treat from the outside, but the food is out of this world. The 4 of us had the lunch special at the recommendation of the one of us who had been there before (Oksana) - and that was a great decision. The main entree was lamb chops cooked in a unique and special way with wonderful spicing, on a bed of precious sweet rice and vegetables, plus dumplings and Russian beer - we were in heaven. We'll be back and report more, but this is a keeper - highly recommended and worth the drive, near 19th Ave and Dunlap.
4	Sunday dinner never tasted so good.  We drive by all the time and eat next door at Las Glorias but had never tried Russian.  Lamb rib kabobs....need I say more.  Wow.  The Borscht was amazing, served with mayo on the side.  The tomato salad was refreshing and Peroshky, filled with lamb and a tomato relish topped the chart.  Check out Russian in Phoenix.
5	great food!
3	The food here was good  when we went about 2:00 pm.  We were only customers there.  The Samarkand is a mom and pop place.  The wife tried to be helpful but her English was very limited.  Fortunately there was a young man, Jonathon, who was there from the Rabinite whose job it is to make sure everything is kosher.  He was a great help to us in ordering.  We got  a pickled salad of whole pickled tomatoes, and egg plant.  Then came some bread which cried for butter.  Little meat pies came next and were quite good with a tomato-based sauce, thicker than salsa but without the mexican pepper spice taste.  Next we had a skewer apiece of lamb and beef shishkabob on a base of wonderful rice w/ slices of raw onion.  Of course we had hot tea to go with it all.Inside the restaurant, it was clean and nice.  Much better than you would think it would be from outside.  Would have liked to see some sort of sauce to go on the shishkabob and rice.  Was good but a bit pricey but not terribly so. Jonathon wound up sitting at our table and talking to us during the meal (at our invitation).  We really enjoyed his company.  Thank you Jonathon for making our lunch into something special.We'd go back again and try more and varied dishes.  Perhaps we'll find a saschlik (which they seem to call shihkabob) with a sauce.All in all a very enjoyable meal.
2	This was possible the most laughably obscure dining experiences of my life. I wanted to like this place so much. If there was one food I could eat for the rest of my life, I would probaly choose borscht, and maybe lamb kebabs. This place has both, and desperate to flex my Russian language and culture muscles in Phoenix, I went into this restaurant on a Saturday afternoon to grab a menu to find the place completely empty. We left to go shopping and returned over two hours later to find this place still empty, but we sat down after the great reviews, and my over-powering love for Russian and Middle Eastern food. No one greeted us, and we stood in the doorway calling, "Hello?" at an increasing volume. After several minutes I wandered into the kitchen and asked if they are open, to the disgruntled and seemingly annoyed owners that said yes. The lady that I assume was the owner was very nice, she helped us navigate around the bread menu and recommended the Kompot, which was a little sweeter than I have experienced before, but was still decent. Her husband in the kitchen was yelling at her the entire time not fifteen feet from our table, and I never complain about ambience, but even this bothered me. The borscht came, which was large chunks of beets cut into thirds, and carots nearly whole boiled in water. I know I am used to the creamy Saint Petersburg borscht and this is more of an Uzbek restaurant, but it was so flavorless and disappointing I had to add table salt to the clear pink broth (and I really hate salt). The lamb was all gristle and fat, and the chicken was very dry. I asked the owner/our server if she had any sour cream for the borscht. She looked at me with a blank stare without saying anything, so I asked the same question in Russian, to which she stared at me as if I was a moron that asked her for a golden pony. She said no, and disappeared into the kitchen without a word.Halfway through the meal a young woman came into the restaurant and started speaking frantically to me, in a language that was neither English or Russian. She grabs my arm and starts to corral me towards the kitchen (as I am still mid bite, chewing) and places what I think was a business card in my hand and yells at me pointing, to what I assume was a command to give it to the owner. After I swallow and get past my initial moment of absolute puzzlement of why I have to do this, I notify the owner that someone is looking for her, and walk back to my table, very confused. The owner screams at the girl until she runs out the door, and without pause or apology, refills our water glasses with a smile.I will break from my story to address the decor in which everyone seems to be upset about. It was probably on of my favorite aspects of the dining experience. Blue ocean wallpapers and mirrors gave this small restaurant a unique and more open feel, and it felt distinctly like Uzbekistan. It was certaintly not a 5 star dining experience, so who expects the decor to match?So after we paid and left, we mumbled with a confused laugh that the dining experience was...well, an experience, but I will probably not return. I reviewed this a few months late, so perhaps they have gotten their act together, or maybe just came on a very peculiar day? Nevertheless, I will probably not return and just make my own Russian food at home.
4	I do like exploring different Kosher restaurants around the country and they're usually okay. I went with a party of ten, so I expected the service to be a bit slower, which is fine. Our waitress was very nice and helpful. She let us taste all of the appetizers. I have to point out, the hummus was very good. The food was good, I had the lamb chops. The french fries were excellent.The entire menu was very reasonably priced.Overall, I'd give it four stars.
5	I am Russian so I love having a little bit of home right here in Arizona. Food and service are excellent!
1	I've stopped in twice during normal hours and was told they were currently not serving?!?! If third try is a charm, we may never know.
4	The sign outside proclaims that the place is Russian. But if you consider that the city of Samarkand is one of the largest cities of Uzbekistan, you won't be surprised to note that the restaurant has strong Middle Eastern influences, and these influences are reflected in the murals and the menu.  My friend and I came in mid-afternoon so we were pretty much the only people there. We ordered eggplant salad, cabbage salad, and kababs; all were quite tasty and filling, especially with the samples of the dense Uzbek lepeshka bread the friendly hostess gave us. A really nice Russian lager complemented the fine meal. I'll definitely be back; I need to try the more mainstream-Russian dishes next time.
