5	This is for the credit card department of Chase Bank.Our ID has been compromised five times and each time Chase has caught it as it is happening. They call to make sure it is not we who are charging these item and close the account right then. We have never had to do anything beyond acknowledging their actions. One time in Paris France Gus dropped his wallet at a restaurant. When we went back they had the wallet but not the chase card. We called Chase, they stopped the card and sent another to a hotel in London for us the next day as we were traveling there in the morning. It was at the hotel when we arrived. I have nothing but good to say about Chase credit fraud department, they are on the ball.
2	I switched to chase from BofA, I wasn't a customer for very long because they put a hold on all of my checks. I was younger just starting college and didn't make much money but still, they put holds on my checks. and back then my $200 checks meant life or death basically. It was soooooooooo frusturating so i closed my checking and savings account. I currently have a chase credit card and everything has been fine, no problems. but nothing great either.**update** chase increased my CC apr to an insanely high amount for no reason. i asked to have it lowered based on my good standing and what not. they declined so i opened a CC w wells fargo w a MUCH lower apr.
1	If you love being lied to, then Chase is the way to go for your mortgage! I had a terrible experience getting a mortgage at Chase. I had to call multiple managers at Chase before anything was done. They reimbursed me about $1000 for all the headache and bad information they gave me. $1000 seems like a lot, but they should have given us at least $3,000 back for deceiving us. I used Chase as my mortgage lender, and it was one of the most frustrating experiences I've ever endured. Robert Page, my mortgage lender, said that we would close on October 16th. Then he pushed it back until October 18th. Then he pushed it back until October 21st citing some ridiculous reason. Of course, we couldn't close on the 21 because of another ridiculous reason, so Robert pushed it back until October 25th. You see the trend? Then, we were supposed to close on October 28th....which didn't happen either. If you can't close on a certain date, then don't make a promise. It's that easy! I would have been much happier if you told me from the beginning that we wouldn't be able to close until October 29th...in which case I could have chosen a different lender.The situation got so bad that I had to reach out to Robert's boss, David Campbell. He said he would "take care of us" which is also another broken promise. In an effort to rectify the situation, Chase promised to reimburse us for the rent we had to pay when we couldn't move in on October 16th. Of course, they reneged on that as well.Take your business elsewhere!
4	I love their app and this particular branch's easy driveway right off of Central Ave!  I don't personally bank here but I have in the past and I used to go in monthly to pay my rent.  I appreciate their warm welcome, fast service and extensive services.
