4	Y'all, I am cheap. Really, really cheap. Unfortunately, I also live in a society that requires me to wear pants on the daily. You know who isn't paying 40-70 bucks for a pair of jeans? This girl!Enter Plato's Closet.You give them a fraction of the retail price, they give you lightly used clothes that you won't me ashamed to show your face in. I picked up a pair of Forever 21 jeans and a cute yellow sweater dress for $12 each.What they could do with more of is dressing rooms, being as you definitely need to try everything on. I waited a good 10-15 minutes to get into a booth each time, but I still consider the trade off to be a good one.
3	I have sort of mixed feelings about this place. Being a guy I tend to feel out of place shopping here and selling my old clothes here because a majority of the clothes here are women's and therefore a majority of the people shopping here are women. Add to it that I've never seen a guy working here.The men's section is really lacking. Most of the men's clothing they have is in larger sizes. Since I'm a S or M I can't always find something I like in my size.That's not to say I don't like the place. I do occasionally find things I like that fit and they have a nice selection of DVDs and books. Every time I bring a bag of clothes to sell they buy some. They pay pretty well for what they buy and sell things fairly cheap. I think they could benefit by supplying a more varied selection of men's clothing and maybe try hiring a guy to look through guys clothes.
4	I've been to the Plato's Closets in Anchorage, Alaska and Raleigh, NC.  This one seemed surprisingly a little more hip and had a huge variety of apparel, purses, shoes, books, and accessories.  I was quite impressed.  I do believe my Mom, sister, and I lost an hour of our lives in this store.  Oh, what fun we had.  There was no wait for dressing rooms and the staff was super friendly and helpful.  My purchases: $10 Wet Seal purple tunic top with rosettes around the neckline.  $15 dark red Jessica Simpson heels with zipper accents on the sides perfect for work or being a style icon.  $10 lovely Lacey black clutch purse.  $10 Vintage silver beaded clutch style purse.  $6 tiny card holder.  $6 black pearl bead necklace.  Probably didn't need to purchase the card holder, but I couldn't resist since I was on a high after my other discoveries...they need to be careful with how they tag things though because one of the prongs on it came undone so I'm going to have to find some tools to put them back in place.  With everything else, I can't wait to wear my new treasures out and about!
3	Decided to check this plate out since it's near UNCC.  Well...that's just the problem.  You are getting the leftover clothes from poor college kids.  Granted, there are some decent items but you really have to look through a lot of stuff before you can find the gem.  If you have time to kill, I'd say check it out.  However, I wouldn't drive out of my way in hopes of a good find.
5	I love this plato's closet... They give you a good price for your clothes. They always make you feel welcome and the wait time isn't really that long depending on how busy they are and how much clothes you bring
3	I'm plus size and don't see where they have much roboffer in my size except shoes and accessories. I do shop there for my daughter.
