5	This salon is the best in town! I won't go anywhere else.  You change into a silky robe and grab a complimentary glass of wine,  champagne,  Mimosa, or even a cold draft beer and relax in the lounge before and after your tan. The airbrush tan is fantastic. Warm air and beautiful color.  Bethany is wonderful and takes the time to get your tan just perfect. They also have an amazing spray tan booth if you don't want an airbrush. State of the art and nothing like it in the whole state of az. I tried it and my tan was beautiful. The whole experience is fantastic.  My friends and I love to go together and have happy hour while we get bronzed and beautiful.  I love this salon !!!!!
4	I absolutely love this whole concept! Anytime you can get the ladies together especially before a big event to all relax in silky robes and get gorgeous. Plus they have drinks and ENCOURAGE hanging out there! -- WIN!They have online booking abilities, which is very nice especially since the four times I called I always got their voicemail. Unfortunately there wasn't an option to cancel your appointment so I had to leave a voicemail for that and once it was addressed (almost 24 hours later..) I rebooked online for same day. The lady who gave me the tour was super sweet, helpful and knowledgeable. I have spray tanned custom and in booths many times but even if I had been a first timer I would have been very comfortable. I tried the Pura Booth. I am a light olive skin tone but have absolutely no base right now. Usually in custom tans I do a medium-dark spray and in Mystics I do a level 1 or 2. Never a 3! I said I wanted to get pretty dark for The Open so she suggested a level 3. I was a little hesitant but she assured me that would work or I could "double-dip" and get twice the amount of color. I erred on the side of caution and stayed with a basic level 3. The spray process was so nice and the booth itself is really high tech and left me not feeling sticky or drippy (yay no streaks!) it's nice that the booth does a PH balance spray and the color solution is heated so it was a welcome surprise! I left with just a slightly bronze color and showered the next morning for maximum development. I was really disappointed with the color. Nobody noticed I had gotten a spray tan. I didn't FEEL tan. It was almost like using a self tanning lotion like Jergens for a couple weeks. Very subtle but natural I suppose. I ended up getting a custom the next day from another place because it was THAT light. I understand getting a double when you have some kind of base tan but I don't think my tan was "Level 3" dark. I won't be back but I might send all my fairer skinned friends there.
5	I was in town visiting from San Diego over this past weekend. I went into Bronzmopolitan was very impressed by the atmosphere, and the adorable lounge where I was able to enjoy a Mimosa before using the Pura spray tan machine. I have been spray tanning since 2003, and have lots of experience with a wide variety of spray tan machines. The Pura was the BEST spray tan I have ever had for a number of reasons: 1. It got me SO dark, and did not looked amazing. 2. It went on extremely even and blended great with my skin. 3. It has lasted me almost a week!! NO other spray tan lasts that long!Bronzmopolitan is one of a kind. Bethany is amazing, and very knowledgeable about the tanning products, and makes sure your experience at Bronzmo is a great one. I wish there was a spray tan bar in San Diego like Bronzmopolitan! I would HIGHLY recommend this to all of the ladies in AZ looking to get a spray tan and a drink! C
5	Hands down best spray tan salon in Scottsdale, no smell, natural color,longer lasting.
5	This is such a great place! So happy it started. The experience is very relaxing and pleasant. The free mimosa's don't hurt either :) The owner was very nice and helpful and provides you with a silky soft robe and the spray tan is new to AZ and smells amazing. I highly recommend!
5	I love Bronzmopolitan!    I had a spray tan a long time ago and it was horrible and I was nervous to try it again.   I went to Bethany at Bronzmopolitan after it opened and had an air brush tan.   It looked so fantastic and natural that I'm now addicted and I go to Bronzmo faithfully every week. You will feel so comfortable and welcome the minute you walk in the door.  You can have a drink, read a magazine, watch TV, or just hang out with your friends before and after your tan.  Best tan in town - I highly recommend you try it.
5	Spray tan sessions for $19?!? I had to investigate this evening for myself.First of all, love the location being on FLW and 101 freeway. Perfect for me commuting home from work. Love the simplicity of the salon, modern but welcoming feel. The owner greeted me w/a huge smile and walked me through entire process from start to finish.Complementary alcohol is optional but of course I had to partake to get the "true experience". They have wine, champagne, and beer available. I went w/the champs as I was in luxurious mood. ;)I was led to the changing room and handed a black satin robe and locked my clothing up in a locked locker. Then, hung out in the cute "lounge" area w/magazines on bistro tables w/flat screen tv. I did the Pura machine and it was pretty easy to use. The British lady (automated voice) is very clear and easy to understand. I smiled every time she said "Assume the position" in her snooty Brit accent. But, then again, I'm easily entertained...It did remind me of that scene also in the very first Austin Powers movie (where Austin was melted from being frozen since 1969 and he was being prepped in 1997 to hit the streets?). But... I digress.Another added plus for me is that the Pura machine did a full-body pre-treatment, which was all pH balanced. NICE!! My past Mystic machines never done NOTHIN' like that for me before? Plus, all tanners are offered plastic (individually wrapped) noseplugs and breathing aids/filters. I didn't bother w/those, but it was a nice touch. Oh, and warm "body drying"? I felt like how my car must feel after it's wash/wax! Bonus!This is my new spray tan place. Really great place!
5	I'm SO happy I found a reasonably priced tanning salon near me! I discovered Bronzmopolitan through a website called BASHelorette.com. I got my first spray tan yesterday by Bethany. She is so nice, and makes you feel very comfortable. The spray looks very authentic, and it is streak-free. I will not tan anywhere else! They also have a liquor license, so you can enjoy a glass of wine/beer and have a tanning party with your friends!
5	Amazing!  She made me feel very comfortable and very reasonably priced. I'll definitely be back. And of course...The tan turned out BEAUTIFUL!
5	The perfect amount of color!  I am fair skinned and usually turn orange with the airbrush tans.  Bethany, the owner did my Evolv Airbrush tan and it was so natural!  I got the lightest hint of color and she only did one coat.  It also lasted for a good week and didn't wash off uneven.  The place is super clean and nice and I can't wait to go back this Friday for another session.  I even got compliments at the nail salon about my color...which I was surprised about because I was worried it would scrub off.  Definitely not the case!  I LOVE this place and you will too!
5	I have never gone spray tanning before and had my engagement photos this weekend... sort of risky to get my first spray tan before this big occasion, but it was definitely needed. Marina greeted me and ran through the different services (Machine spray and air brush). She said since I has such a special occasion that the airbrush would be a safer option. I was a little hesitant to be naked, but Marina was amazing. She was so professional and made it such a comfortable environment. Such great coverage. I'm so happy with the results. 4 days later... still going strong. I will definitely be going back!
5	I had my first spray tan with Bethany! She's so great at what she does and the place is awesome. I have had so many compliments about my tan that I can't wait to do it again. She made me a natural golden dark, not orange. Love Bronzmo!
5	Amazing!!!!! Definitely coming back! Tan turned out perfectly! The woman who helped me with my tan was so sweet and seemed to really care about how happy I was with my tan! I have officially found my new go-to spray tan spot!
