4	I don't normally review chains but this one is tiny and local so I figured I give it a quick and dirty review anyway if only to spew off a few words about this Sandwich Shop.Not that there's a lack of sandwich shop in Montreal. There's a lack of seriously good ones and I think Sac Wich can somewhat fill that hole though it's not a Mom and Pop store and any shop that claims to be "The Best Sandwiches in Town" will undergo certain cynical scrutiny. But I don't believe Sac Wich tries to move in on the Mom and Pop stores' turf but rather it's telling the bigger shops like Subway and Quisnoz that they can do better and here's the proof.Sac Wich has a gimmick which if the chain grows I foresee they will give up which consists of picking a brown paper bag writing your name on it and picking your sandwich from the list off the bag. Cutsey at best but I don't care for it. I much rather communicate verbally with my hosts what it is I want. Apparently it's about getting the customer more involved in the process. Maybe I'm just not motivated by this and am reminded of Kramer's build your own Pizza fiasco. Also if I'm eating in, I don't see the need to trash an extra high quality paper bag in these days of environmental sustainability. But I won't let a paper bag get in my way of a good Sandwich.The owner was on site and hand held me through the whole process and I was tempted to put him through the ringer when I spotted the Philly Steak sandwich. If you're the best sandwich in town and you have a Cheesesteak on your menu well this dude who lived in Philly is tempted to put you on the spot about your cheesesteak. But it's not served wit whiz so obviously not a real Philly cheesesteak so I opted for the Prime Rib to avoid probable disaster instead.So Sliced Primed Rib (yeah yeah), Gouda, Roasted Red Peppers, Roasted Onions, Tomatoes, Basil, and Aioli sauce all on some dense chewy Chiabatta bread. All fresh and not cheaply portioned. Sounds good huh? Well you would be right. They set up your sandwich and then stick the sucker in a brick oven to heat it up real good. No not a microwave oven, a brick oven. So what you get is one hot crispy tasty sandwich with a side.A side of what? Well like the big chains you have your chips but they also have cold vegetable and pasta salads and to differ they have criss-cross-cut French fries which I took. I love those. Sadly they were soggy or soft. I expect them to be crispy with this cut but they were still ok and served with a zesty mayo. You also have a choice of pop but also a good selection of beers and wines bringing a more European feel to the shop than an American one. Something Montrealers can better identify with than soft pre-digested slop served at Subway'sIn all the sandwich menu is somewhat predictable with some surprises but way above what your options are at Subway's and Quiznos and tastier. But it doesn't top the homemade taste of Italian sandwich shops where you eat sandwiches until you explode like the fat man in a Monty Python sketch because they are THAT good. But scanning your meager options when at the AMC theater for a movie, this is some good eats.Despite being a sandwich chain I can't help but give a slamming 4 outta 5.
4	I've had the Soprano chicken sandwich here a couple of times and I've learned that the quality of the meal is governed by the skill and generosity of your sandwich-maker. My second time around was significantly better than the first. The sandwich was bursting with chicken and the melted cheeses were abundant. Price is still a bit high ($7.49 before taxes) for a sandwich that size, but at least they offer a 15% discount for students!
2	Sac Wich was good for what it was. I'm spoiled living in Boston because there are a number of phenomenal sandwich shops everywhere you go. Sac Wich doesn't quite compare, but I can't exactly hate on it, either. This was close to the Residence Inn at which my friend and I stayed, so we decided to check it out for dinner one night. The prices were good, as were the options, but I didn't leave with an eagerness to go back. If you're looking for something quick and decent to eat, I would suggest stopping in. As a (spoiled) visitor to the area, I would suggest that you not have your expectations too high, especially if you know and appreciate great sandwich shops.
1	Pretty terrible in almost every way. The free fountain drink refills are the only positive. First, it for the small size, it ought not to take too long to order (however, no biggie). The real issues: staff rather unfamiliar with their own menu, lengthy wait for food after ordering, rather bland food. Now, the meat on the sandwich I ordered resembled.... maybe eggplant, maybe soggy breadcrumbs, or something. Heck, the server wasn't even sure. But the worst part(s): the lettuce on my sandwiches (the original and the replacement) had dead insects in it. To make matters worse, so did the complimentary salad that comes with the combo. When I brought it up to the attendant, he (well....) didn't bat an eye, no apologies, nor excuses. So very unhygienic!
