4	I am a fan.  This place has great Ethiopian food.  I prefer their flavors better than Lalibella and Blue Nile.  Their prices are also comparable.  The service, however, is a bit lacking.  We ordered hot teas and were never once asked for a refill.  We also purchased bottle water because we were not sure if they offered regular tap water on ice.  But this restaurant has only been open for about four weeks.  So, hopefully they can improve on the service issues.  We tried a variety of  meat dishes.  They were all really good.  Very flavorful and each dish had its own distinct flavor. Next time we will get less meet and some veggies.
4	Three of us went for a leisurely mid-afternoon lunch and enjoyed it thoroughly.  Solid Ethiopian food and friendly folks.  Not the place to go if you're on limited time, but make it a destination with some friends and you'll love it.  If you're new to Ethiopian food, it's served communally on injeera, a crepe-like bread made from teff grain (an addiction of mine, I have to admit).  The dishes, meat and/or vegetable, are thickly stewed and heaped on the injeera; you tear off a piece and use it to scoop up the food.  My friends asked for forks to help, but I just dug in--hope you will, too, as it's half the fun of the experience.  Portions are generous (we had three substantial servings plus four more from our leftovers of one meat and one vegetable dish).  I won't go into the individual dishes, you just can't go wrong here.And don't, by any means, skip the Ethiopian coffee service at the end of your meal.  Beans are roasted and ground on the spot (love the smell), then brewed over an open flame and poured into lovely demitasse cups.  Add some sugar, and . . . dessert!BTW, the New Times mini-review said the restaurant is "in the back of a convenience store."  That info will help you figure out how to get into it (there's no "front," just a door), but it doesn't do justice to the Ethiopian market out front, which covers everything Ethiopian from colorful headscarves to cooking pots.  Be sure to stop on the way out for a tub of halawa (similar to halvah, which you may be more familiar with).  The sesame candy will keep you happy until your next visit.
3	This place is ethnic, and interesting.  It feels like your in another country; the customs are different and everyone is different from you and doin their own thang.  I liked it for that aspect.  However, the service takes a long time, so make sure you have the at least two hours to kill.  Also make sure you go with a few people, the cuisine is like chinese where you share all the dishes.  Also you might want to bring a bottle of water, they don't serve you your drinks until they serve your food. While I appreciate ethnic food, this was my first time trying Ethiopian.  There are many more meet dishes than I expected.  I have to admit there were left overs from our party of three, and I didn't eat mine, and neither did my friend who is an ardent believer in not wasting anything and an African from Tazania??The coffee is good by the way.  They serve it at the end as well in a little tiny tea cup, but very flavorful rich tasting coffee, that even I who drink my coffee black, needed to add a itsy bitsy teespoon of sugar.
5	Cheaper than Lalibela and perhaps even more delicious! The food is amazing. I shared #5, the beef and lamb combination, with a friend, and we had some left over (and I eat a lot). We stayed for the traditional coffee, and it was SO great. It takes some time, so don't order the traditional coffee if you're in a rush. My friend, who spent time in Ethiopia, was so happy to have this experience again; it brought back all the memories.You can munch on fresh popcorn and smell burning incense while the green coffee beans are roasting. They're roasted DARK! Then, the beans ground and freshly brewed in a beautiful pot. Served in tiny cups with or without sugar.I can't wait to go back to this place!
4	Who would have thought eating without utensils could be so enjoyable?The first time I ate here, I had no idea what to expect. My only other experience with Ethiopian food wasn't favorable, but I'm always willing to give food another chance. And I'm glad I did!Ethiopian Famous Restaurant is an experience of its own. Tucked away in the back room of an African grocery store, it's unpretentious and very basic by all appearances. The food, however, stands out. I prefer the meat dishes over the vegetarian options, but that's not to suggest the latter isn't flavorful and fulfilling. I just really like meat.Everyone I've taken here is initially skeptical--will they serve me dirty water and boiled rice?; am I going to get shot in that neighborhood? But upon eating here, they have all agreed that Ethiopian Famous is truly a remarkable restaurant.
3	Hey--it's an Ethiopian restaurant in Phx!!  What it lacks in decor, it makes up in the fact that it is prepared to order in the small kitchen in the back.  Definitely feels like you've stepped into another country, however, the food takes FOREVER to come out...be prepared to spend a good 45 min to an hour waiting for it.I got a vegetarian dish and was not impressed.  Definitely not as good as other spots in the valley (like Lalibela).  So, if you're veggie, skip this place or don't expect to be as satisfied as the carnivores.
5	A must for anyone with a taste for international cuisine.My wife and I shared the meat combo and vegetarian combo... Both were amazing, even our eight month old was eating the lentil dish.They brought lightly sugared popcorn out after dinner and we polished off a pot of Ethiopian coffee (it's similar to Turkish coffee and is best without sugar). Definitely worth the trip and worthy of a repeat visit.
4	This place is definitely worth visiting.  The food, and the eating experience are unique and enjoyable.  Service is great.
3	Okay food.  Delicious coffee.
5	We ordered the meat and veggie combos for the table and everything was excellent. The dinner was topped off with the fresh roasted coffee and a tasty bread. The staff was very friendly and we had a good time talking about the food and the coffee. Make time to make this place a habit and keep them in the neighborhood. Parking in front and plenty of parking in the back. They also have takeout but it was such a delightful experience that I would hate to miss the time in the restaurant.
4	OK ... My first comment/question has nothing to do with this restaurant, per se; but maybe someone can help me out:  I've been to four different Ethiopian restaurants in PHX so far and three of the four have clear, plastic tablecloths on the tables.  Is there something I'm missing?  Is my grandmother driving to Ethiopian restaurants and covering their tables with plastic?  If they had couches, would those be covered in plastic, too?Elderly-grandmother decorating aside -- and in a hot place like PHX, plastic tablecloths can actually be an uncomfortable decoration to have -- it's true, as one reviewer wrote, that decoration is basic.  And ceiling fans would probably make a big difference to making the place feel a little less hot and claustrophobic, too.  I also read a few people's comments about it taking 45 minutes for the food to come out.  Perhaps because there were only a very few people when we arrived our food only took 15 minutes to come out, but I saw no sign of foot dragging here.We had the combo meat and veggie platter, as we have at every Ethiopian restaurant we go to.  It's gotten to a point, where we've convinced ourselves, that true Ethiopian food only comes in mixed platters.  How did this platter stack up?  Well, as far as it being good for two, as they claim on the menu, I would say, that unless you are very healthy eaters ("healthy" as in "gluttonous"), the claim is justified.  But you won't be bursting at the seams when you're done (and, here's a hint:  you're not supposed to when you eat in a healthy manner).  Still, if you DO like to eat, two people splitting this might not work.One reviewer wrote, that for $11.99 for two people (the cost of the platter), you couldn't beat the price.  That's true.  However, to be fair, I should point out, that for $2.00 more, the same platter is much larger at Gojo, has more items, more bread and is much tastier.  That is NOT to say, that this platter is not worth every penny of the $11.99.  Let's just say, if you're REALLY hungry, you'll want to order this at Gojo and pay the extra $2.00.The owners are quite friendly and always ready to give advice, converse and do Ethiopian food justice (though they're not Ethiopian ... ask them where they're from and let's see how geographically savvy you are!).We decided, that this place is well worth the hype it gets.  We still like Gojo better for several reasons.  But if aliens dropped down from one of Saturn's moons and kidnapped the cook at Gojo, we would definitely pick this as an alternate place instead of slitting our wrists in despair.Well done.OH!  One VERY important postscript:  this place has a dinner buffet for a very reasonable price on Friday nights.  Considering the only evening buffets I've ever seen in the Valley at nights were Chinese  (most other places I've run into have buffets for lunch only), the buffet is probably a fantastic deal.  (Though I'm not sure I have any stretch-pants left in the closet to risk it).
5	Our agency has ordered delivery from this restaurant several times.  The food is always delicious and healthy. We love this place and will keep ordering from there!
5	Great value. Delicious food. Friendly staff.I totally passed by it while driving though, since it wasn't well lit. Maybe the sign was off, or there was no lit sign. Either way, I'm glad I tried it!
2	Definitely a "meh" - everything seemed lacking here --- lackluster service, bland food -- it just wasn't a hit (and at $20 for two for lunch it was a definite "not again")Atmosphere was drearyLamb (yebeg kilkil) was a bit dreary -- a mixture of ground lamb and lamb chunks -- very watery sauce --- wicked sweetYellow beans were good --- nothing amazingInjera bread = OK --- a little more dense than I likeBut definitely dreary atmosphere --- went at 12:30 on a Friday --- no one but a few Ethiopian regulars eating alone, dark, plastic tablecloth, grimy feelStill looking for that nice "go-to" Ethiopian restaurant in Phoenix --- need one, this not it
4	We go here pretty regularly so obviously our opinion is positive.  The service is friendly if not hyper efficient or attendant. The food is consistently good quality w veg dishes generally stronger than meat.
5	Ordered the Combo meal, and it was very appetizing! Ethiopian coffee was amazing, strong fresh floral to the taste.  Highly recommend this place if you are looking for new healthy delicious meals.
5	What a delicious surprise!  Do not be deterred by the location or looks! While the restaurant was quite empty on a Sunday night at 730, we were greeted like friends and ate an amazing vegetarian meal. We ordered the vegetarian combo plate and it was more than enough for my boyfriend and me.  It was full of flavor and perfect combinations of spice, sweetness and a touch of sour to dip with excellent injera. we were treated to a taste of Ethiopian coffee (very sweetened) and they had just pan-roasted it, bringing the beans out to us to smell before making the coffee!  We will definitely be back when in the area!
4	Got the combo plate, which was fun and delicious! Service was very friendly and attentive. Don't miss the coffee! Also, don't be deterred by the appearance from the outside, or it's location in a semi-strip mall of liquor and pizza joints - it's great!
5	insanely good. I have brought several groups and have never been disappointed. the large shared meals come on a round tray, about the size of a pizza tray. great mix of flavors & spices. if you've never had Ethiopian, it's similar to Indian and very unique. the owners & staff are all Ethiopian and it is super authentic.
5	This place truly has blown my mind.  It is definitely the best.  The lady who served us was super sweet and hospitable.  I truly loved it.  I will definitely return.  :-)
4	I went at 1:00 PM. Each of the four Ethiopean restaurants have all been likeable but completely different experiences.This one in addition to experiecing different dishes also gives me rhe desire to better understand and why things as they are. Chains have little or no cultural character. This visitwas a brief introduction leaving many unanswered questions. Explain the seating, the coffee and tea and food preparation. The coffee seems to be a ritual as with tea in other cultures. Up until today I thought of Ethiopean as delicious vegatable dishes. It showed I know nothing. I enjoyed the food, the presentation and the restaurant itself. The host was gracious and inwardly I was laughing at my own ignorance. I mention more than dood and service to give some feeling of a personal experience  Were it not my lack of knowledge I would rate it as 5*s. Imperfect which is greatly preferred to overly orchestrated.
5	I have come to this place many times and i am never disappointed with the food. My nephew is half Ethiopian and his family recommended to eat here for authentic Ethiopian food. It is delicious and the service is great! I recommend this place to everyone! Let keep this little family owned restaurant going... :)I dare say that this is way better than Lalibela...
