4	All the same charms as the Manor Theatre: a great crowd that can get a little chatty, a fine selection of films, a great bus line, the convenience of the neighborhood. And the same quirks: spotty projection, "vintage" seating. Add to that an amazingly beautiful sign out front, and the Tango Cafe next door, with its moviegoer-friendly hours.
3	This is a decent place to see a movie.  It isn't the greatest, but it is clean and it is reasonably priced compared to the area megaplexes.  Like the nearby Manor, they'll play the occasional "art" or "inide" flick.  The Squirrel Hill and the Manor are usually the theatres of choice for my husband and I.
1	Perhaps the most faulty projection in town - this theater is a giant disappointment. The staff is sub-par as well, often promising to fix problems as people complain, but never even entering the projection booth. The theater is run down, and not in a charming way. The staff doesn't care about your movie-going experience, and it shows. The choices of movies are pretty good on occasion,  but it is a very rare film that I cannot find at a much better theater.This is the only theater in town where I have ever had to ask for my money back because the quality of the projection was just too unbearably awful.
4	I love neighborhood movie theaters, and that's why I love this one.   The screens and sound are just fine for most movies. If you want something huge and wraparound, get into your car and head out to the nearest soulless shopping mall megaplex.  It's the only movie theater in a residential neighborhood of Pittsburgh that shows general release movies, especially movies for kids.  Kids can walk to this movie house. Unfortunately, this theater and all the other businesses on this corner of Foward and Murray are due for demolition next year, making way for a twenty-story hotel, of all things. The Squirrel Hill Theater will be sorely missed.  May it rest in peace and live for a long, long time in the memories of its fans . At least its companion theater up Murray, The Manor, showing mostly art films, will likely stick around for the foreseeable future. Ah, and I'll also miss its magnificent bright red neon marquee, providing a scenic view from the curvy Eldridge Street that overlooks it.
1	Did NOT check the reviews prior to going last night.  As others have said, "vintage" seating -- meaning truly uncomfortable.   We moved FIVE times before finding something we could endure.  THREE times I left the theater to ask the staff to focus the projector.   The last time they ignored me.  And the projection quality was horrible: flickering throughout.  The staff?  More interested in sitting with each and chatting.  No "I'm sorry" or any other apologies when I asked to have some focus the projector.  Just a mumbled "we'll fix it" from the old man in a tie.  Awful.  The worst movie-going experience I've ever had.  And people wonder why the small movie houses are dying?  They have NO concept of customer service.  This place could be such a gem if they cleaned it up, fixed the seats and upgraded the projection equipment (or at least monitored it).  Instead?  $9 for a miserable experience.
1	A terible place. The speakers were blown out the camera was off focus. After complaining they said they fixed it but nothing changed.
1	Terrible sound here
