5	I've had several facial treatments performed and I'm extremely happy with the results.  My skin feels and looks younger, healthier and invigorated, especially after the message.  Shayna has a great personality and she's a good conversationalist.  I'm a dedicated customer, so where ever she is, I'll follow.  Professional, inexpensive, experienced and great customer service/care, what more could you want.  Certainly deserves FIVE STARS +.
5	I've been seeing Shayna exclusively for my facials since 2012. She always customizes my services and my skin has never looked better. Her prices can't be beat. Her services are better than other facials I've had at resorts. I'm so glad I found her.
5	I have been going to Shayna for a while now and I absolutely love how I feel when I am done with my facial.  The environment is so relaxing and Shanya is friendly and very professional.  People comment on how great my skin looks and that makes it worth it all.  No question--a five star experience.  Can't wait for my next appointment.
5	I just had my first dermafile treatment and I couldn't be any happier with the results.  I've been concerned with some of the red and dark spots on my face for quite awhile, therefore, I decided to try this process to see if it might help.  After the first treatment there was a noticeable difference and most of the spots were either lightened or some were  completely removed.  The results have definitely exceeded my expectations and I've already scheduled my next session in October.  Great job SK !
5	I just had my 1st facial ever & man oh man was it AMAZING!!! I have always had a hard time pampering myself but going to Skin by SK was nothing less than wonderful. I was completely relaxed (which is difficult because I have the blood pressure of a hummingbird). Everything smelled great & she was incredibly informative about skin needs. I can't wait for my next facial, I recommend her to everyone & anyone! Thank you thank you Miss Shayna, you made my first experience memorable, relaxing & enjoyable. You're AWESOME!
