4	The service is always friendly.  The food is always well done.  If you are around the metropolis of Indian Trail, it won't get any better than this!  When they bring your chips and salsa.....ask for the salsa verde.
4	Thank you La Unica, I was growing so tired of these generic phony Mexican restaurants.  'Would you like a burrito, an enchilada, and a quesadilla or how about an enchilada, a quesadilla, and a burrito?'  How about a chile rellano stuffed with rice, beans and real queso.  Top that with habanera salsa, sour cream, and more cheese (the white crumbles).  You can get that here.  I put on the cowboy boots, sweat like a real rancher, and set my mouth on fire when I eat here.  This is what it is all about.  If you want Mexican food eat it at a place where a lot of Mexicans dine, La Unica.
5	I love going to La Unica. The service is great, and the food is better. They offer a pretty typical mexican restaurant menu, but the food is MUCH better than your typical cheap mexican eatery. Free Chips and Salsa when you are seated, and service is always fast and friendly. Lunch is always quite busy, so you might have to wait for a seat. (Large crowd just shows you that the food is that good!). Due to the lunch rush, they do require that your whole party be there when you are seated.
5	If you really like Mexican food, there's no better place in Charlotte than La Unica.  Driven by it for years, never paid any attention until a coworker took me to lunch.  OMG is it good.  The food is hot and fresh, staff is friendly.  Free chips with two types of salsa just for showings up...gotta love that!It's busy because it's GOOOOOOD.  Seriously skip the chains and step up to the real deal.
5	I am a fan. Coming from California, most of the mexican food in NC has been disappointing at best. La Unica, however, is authentic and good. Free endless chips and salsa with a variety of fresh made salsa's and cheeze dips is a great start. Every dish I have had there has been excellent from the Barbacoa burrito's to the Chilequilles to the enchiladas. They don't serve liquor though so get a beer; no margaritas. It helps also that I speak some spanish.
3	I went for lunch last week and got a taco salad - it was nothing to write home about. The portion was fine, but there we no beans (not refried or black) and the lettuce was a little on the brown side.The best part about this place is they offer you 2 different kinds of salsa with you meal - a smokey, chunky salsa and then a medium, pureed kind. Both we very good, and I found the chunky salsa super addicting. Don't go during lunch without expecting a 15 minute wait. A little noisy, but a good little spot.
4	We stopped in for lunch this past weekend.  It had been a while.  Nothing has changed.  It's just good food, at a good price, executed well, and served attentively.  What else do you want when dining out in Indian Trail?!
4	If you're still searching the Charlotte Metro East for honest-to-goodness Mexican food for cheap, this your "ultima parada" (last stop).  Most people quickly dismiss a strip mall restaurant where the anchor is a Food Lion, but the proof is in the flavor.The chips are hot and fresh and they offer several kinds of salsa-mild and spicy.  You can even order tomatillo salsa.  The queso dip is little pricey but SOO good.  I normally order the tacos.  Their tacos are two small flour tortillas with minced meat (pork-'al pastor', carne asada, chicken, or BEEF TONGUE) with a little cilantro and onion.  The meats are overflowing on these little treasures.  I think they run about $1.50 a pop.  The rice is not dried out like other Mexican chains and the taco salad puts those Cali-Mex chains, like Chipotle's, to shame!  La Unica has fast service, friendly staff, and are usually busy on weekends.  Regardless of when you go, you can expect prompt service.  Keep in mind that this particular La Unica doesn't serve alcohol.  But you can fill up on quality Mexican cheaper than a Toxic Bell combo...word to your madre!!!
4	Carnivore heaven.  Seriously.  Charlotte (and surroundings) has no shortage of Mexican places, especially to the East and South sides, but go a little further beyond the usual and out to Indian Trail if you're looking for your fix.  It's worth it.I totally get if you want some mole at Casa de las Enchiladas, as I jones for it too.  But if you just want some tasty pork to drip flavor down the esophagus, look no further than this almost unmarked location in a strip mall.Do not linger - signs on the wall warn you to have your entire party before being seated and not to have business meetings during lunch.  They pack them in and get them out again.As others have mentioned, the chips are tasty and they are served with two salsa.  The chunky one is awesome.  The mild one is so-so.  If you go for the chunky, you might need something to tame the heat.  Consider yourself warned.Everything else?  Nothing special.  Rice, beans, tortillas.  The real star here is the meat.  I don't know if they marinade it, kill it fresh or age it in a backroom somehow.  Frankly I don't even care if it's mixed with something I'd rather not see.  It is that good.  I only wish the rest of the food would match up to the meat.Still, you can get average sides anywhere.  I don't think you can get meat this tender anyplace in the area.  Go.  Now.  And bring me some.
4	This place is simply good food at a great price.  I love their authentic chicken tacos and the salsa is wonderful, but some of their other dishes are just OK.  The atmostphere is nothing special and they don't serve alcohol, so don't expect a whole lot more than a good meal and some awesome chips and salsa.
4	Okay so this is another place that I would have never walked into but so glad I did. My sisters live close and took me once and now I have to stop by every time I am out that way. There always seems to be a little bit of a wait, usually around 20 minutes, but definitely worth it. Once you are seated they serve you pretty quickly. This place is small and it's always packed. Their food is the best! They bring you chips and different salsas to start. If you aren't afraid of spicy food ask them for the avocado salsa; its a green salsa that is usually made super hot but can be tamed when mixed with their other salsas. Their chips are always hot and taste fresh like their dishes. I usually get anything with Carne Asada because they make it better than anywhere else. I wish they had a full bar because a good mojito would make this place perfect :)!
4	Went here for dinner on a Monday night.  It was PACKED!  I would think that weeknights would be slow for some restaurants, but that was not the case here.When my friend suggested it, it took me 5 seconds to find it on my phone and when I drove up it seemed like a small, run-of-the mill restaurant that offers Mexican fare.  My experience started as soon as I found a place to park [parking lot was a little small for the strip mall this place is associated with].  Opening the door, I was engulfed with heavenly scents of whatever was cooking in the kitchen.  Now I take it the crowd and the aromas wafting from this place just from the parking lot was a great sign.Out wait was quite long, but it was well worth it.  The hosts did not forget about us... but I totally could see that the larger groups were getting "priority" since they can bring in more $$ with them.  No harm done... everyone gets to eat and the restaurant makes a killing.The chips were offered with 2 salsas... One mild and another with a good kick to the sinuses.  Of course both were really good and you can tell, they were made fresh.I had the enchiladas supreme.... which were very good.  I have to admit I am a sucker for enchiladas, but my friend swears by their carnitas.  They looked very good.   My meal also came with rice, shredded lettuce, 2 slices of tomatoes, and a dollop of sour cream.  Good stuff.Overall a great place.  Can't wait to go back and try more of their offerings
5	My wife and I have been going here for 2 years now.  The food is always EXCELLENT and the secret is out because they are always busy.  I love the carnitas tacos and the carne asada.  The salsas are fresh and have varying degrees of heat.  Service is always excellent.  I can't say I've ever had a bad meal here.
5	As a Mexican-American with an Abuelita that is a stickler for traditional Mexican food, the hunt for an authentic Mexican restaurant in Charlotte has taken many years. I finally found one that makes chilaquiles, and even better,  just like hers! Chopped fried tortillas covered in a creamy tomato sauce con pollo y queso, this warm and cozy dish took me right back to Abuelita's kitchen in East LA. My boyfriend and I loved the food so much, I asked him to bring me here for our one year anniversary. I didn't need a $7 frou-frou margarita to celebrate, I needed food my Abuelita would approve and a cold glass of horchata (a sweet rice drink, don't be scared to try , it's great for cooling off the spicy salsa!).La Unica sits in a surprising location, but the packed tables should tell you this place is worth the drive from Charlotte. If you're looking for traditional, no-frills Mexican, come here!
4	I have visited La Unica many times and the experience has always been consistent... excellent food and excellent service.I am hooked on the Tacos La Unica. Two or three of these and I am happy! I have also dined on many of the specials mainly during the lunch hour and they have all been excellent.The chips and salsa are free. The food prices are very reasonable for the quality. We have never had a bad experience.The staff is always prompt and polite. The manager always makes an effort to stop by and say hello to us and make sure we are being taken care of and that the food is good.My family loves to go to La Unica and asks all the time to go. Now that La Unica is on my mind, maybe I'll be the one asking to go tonight!I would give five stars if they had cervesas or margaritas, but consider this a 4.5.
5	I seriously doubt you will find a better Mexican restaurant within 100 miles of this place. Service and food are EXCELLENT! Try to get one of Victor's tables and you're set! Fried Ice Cream to die for. Chips and Salsa are great, too. Some "babies" on here are crying about the chunky being too spicy but all you have to do is mix the milder in with the chunky for perfection. Great fajitas, great Cheese-steak Burrito, great Crazy Burrito, great everything!Now if they'd only knock down that wall and rightfully take over the space from the beauty salon next door and add a bar, I might be there 2-3 times a week.Your pal,Walter
3	I enjoyed La Unica, but I was disappointed they did not have alcohol. I really was in the mood for a margarita. The service wasnt great but ok. One salsa was hot and one mild which we quickly found out. I had the pollo quesadillas Mexican style.  The food was good and cheap.
4	Good mexican here. They even have mexican breakfast options on the menu which most do not.  It holds the Indian Trail market on LockDown, destroying any competitor that attemps a sad effort.  Its good but outside of Indian Trail awaits something better!
4	For 8 years I have been meaning to give La Unica a try.  Well, I finally did and I am so disappointed that I waited so long!!!   I went during lunch hours on a Thursday and it was busy, but was able to get a seat right away.  I had a Carnitas Taco and a Chorizo taco and a side of rice.  Everything was fantastic!  I wonder if they make their own Chorizo because it tasted better/fresher than any store-bought Chorizo I have ever tasted.  The chips and salsa were good, but I had to mix the medium and hot to come up with something tolerable for my "not too hot" taste.  Prices were great ($1.95 per taco and $1.99 for the rice), service was acceptable, and the food came out quickly.  I can't wait to go back!!
4	Authentic Mexican food. They make their lemonade the hispanic way with limes. Soooo good. Crowded during peak hours of lunch and dinner. No alcohol, but the food is the best. Looking for good Mexican food this is your spot. Nothing on the menu will go wrong. It is a place to try good quality mexican food.
5	I've frequented many Mexican restaurants in Charlotte. I'd have to say that this place is one of the best. The atmosphere is always hustling and bustling. They're almost always busy. If you go at night, be prepared to wait in line. They will not seat you if your entire party has not all arrived!! I felt bad today because my friend and I got in before these two couples who were waiting on one more person to complete their group. But oh well, there's a sign up that details this rule, with "No Exceptions!" We were seated quickly. Our hostess had eyeliner that she drew to the corner of her eye and beyond. I thought it looked cool, like a character out of star trek or something. Within no time, they served up the free chips and salsa. The salsa was home made, and very good. The super hot salsa is extremely hot, and will make you sweat. I ended up ordering Camarones Diabla (I took a picture of it and placed it in the gallery here). I almost always order this dish when I go to the more authentic Mexican restaurants. The dish was very good, the sauce was perfect. Although I could've used a little more spice. They also put a lot of shrimp in it. One thing I will complain about though, is that I think they would've done better by deveining the shrimp. Also there were still a couple shrimp peels that hadn't been completely peeled off, so I did it myself. Regardless of those minor details, the dish was still superb. I've had their pulled pork soft tacos on previous visits. Those are also very good. Especially when you put that super hot salsa on it. Their tacos are definitely way better than Taco Bell. The service was great, my water was constantly being refilled, and the waitress kept calling me amigo, making me feel like she doesn't hate me and that I'm part of her extended family. I welcome that kind of affection. This is a great Mexican restaurant. I would definitely return, recommend, and bring amigos.
5	This is one of the best Mexican establishments that I have ever visited. I have eaten at La Unica twice (about a year apart). My flight into Charlotte was delayed and, instead of arriving at 4pm, I did not get in until almost 7. But my business associate who picked me up at the airport knew that a visit to La Unica was high on my priority list. He took back roads and got us there by 7:30.What has struck me about both visits is the fact that this place is packed - both visits on weeknights (a packed restaurant is always a good sign).The chips and salsa are great and they bring you both mild and hot salsa (I mix the two). I like the burrito combination - one beef and one chicken. The food is very tasty and served piping hot.It's certainly not fancy. But the quality of the food MORE than makes up for the no-frills atmosphere. The service is very good; maybe not outstanding but certainly at least very good. But, again, it is the food that is the star here.I thought that I would throw this in: They do accept credit/debit cards but not American Express.Another visit to La Unica will be high on my to-do list for my next visit to Charlotte.
4	Fantastic Mexican food!! Very unassuming restaurant in a little strip mall  on Old Monroe Rd. You must find this place & give it a try next time you're in the Indian Trail area. The chorizo quesadilla was top notch. Hell, anything chorizo gets my vote! If there is a downside, it's that there is no alcohol served. I can live with that. Highly recommend this place!!
4	Let me first say that the food at this place is 5 stars!! It is so good and tastes very authentic. I give it 4 stars b/c I fully believe that every good Mexican restaurant should have a bar. Mexican without margaritas is unheard of. This place has no bar and not the greatest atmosphere. Just a bunch of tables in a room. Greater ambience and a bar would make this place 5 stars!
5	Food is always fresh & delicious. Love the fresh salsas & friendly staff. My family's favorite Mexican restaurant.
5	La Unica rocks. The authentic tacos are awesome, there a $1.75...try one if you have never had one.  We almost always get the burrito Tuawana...also their ice tea is perfection mixed 1/2 sweet and 1/2 unsweetened.  Staff is AWESOME, some of best people I have ever meet.  To ME there is no doubt this is the best Mexican food in the Charlotte area.Also, this is in a small strip mall...they also have signs to that read no meetings, no seating before all parties arrive...in other words "we're too busy to seat you if your not ready....and please don't hang around because we are really busy..."  (my interpretation)  GREAT FOOD!!!
5	We have eaten here a number of times and it would be very hard for us to find one bad thing to say about this place. Service has always been superb and the food is absolutely delectable. From start to finish we loved every second here.
5	Fantastic food, great service & FAST!  Couldn't ask for more.
5	5 stars and still going strong!I can't get enough of this place! I find it extremely hard to eat at any other Mexican restaurant.  This is a weekly stop for me. This is well worth the trip out to bold, beautiful Indian Trail, ya'll!Fajitas LaUnica are da bomb! Cheesesteak Burrito is out of this world! Carnitas are always a home run! Fajita Quesadilla....*drool*Try the homemade strawberry lemonade. A tad bit pricey but well worth it. I just wish they would pour out some of the froth and give you more of that sweet, delicious nectar. The sad thing is that after drinking one of those you would feel that this place would make a great margarita but sadly they won't get a liquor license. It's kind of a good thing because this place would be twice as crowded and the restaurant is a little bit on the small side to handle that size of a crowd.Your pal,Walter
5	Stumbled upon this place accidently and so glad I did. Food is fantastic. Service is great.  I visited on a Tuesday evening and it was packed. One minor comment - if you are traveling on business, La Unica does not accept American Express.
4	Great food. Friendly service.
5	Having lived in Charlotte over 10 years, I can't believe I hadn't heard of this place till 2012!Authentic, hole in the wall type Mexican restaurant that gets very, very busy every day. Excellent and very friendly waiting staff. Seeing that we're Indians and that we probably like hot food, the owner brought out a green colored salsa (Guac based) in addition to the 2 red salsas given out with the chips. We LOVE the green salsa - really spicy and flavorful... haven't you sometimes felt like eating on even when your mouth is burning hot? Its like that!Over the last few times that we've gone there, we've ordered a number of dishes - california burrito, la unica burrito, carne asada tacos, arros con pollo, camarones al chipotle, pechuga de pollo ala mexicana, chimmichanga dinner, etc... you get the picture. All were great; better than we've had anywhere in Charlotte or elsewhere. Not one case where we even felt like the dish or experience could've been better.A recommendation - the place tends to get very packed and depending on what time and day you decide to go, you may have to wait to be seated. You can also phone in your order and pick it up once ready.
5	This place is a must if I'm ever within striking distance. Clearly I'm not alone in my love and adoration by the other reviews on here.Three words: Authentic. Carnitas. Tacos.Crazy cheap. Crazy delicious.
3	Always consistently good food! The salsas are awesome, the burritos and tacos are yummy. Expect to wait during normal dinner and lunch times because this place is always packed! My favorite Mexican restaurant, and I have no reason to go anywhere else!
2	In my opinion this place is very over priced.  They are the only Mexican restaurant in the area and they know it.  The people are very nice and the service is decent. I guess if your out in the country and your hungry for some Mexican this place will do.
5	Awesomely good
5	LOVE the food and service. And the price is very reasonable. Being born and raised in Los Angeles, I've been blessed to have eaten at some really good mexican restaurants. In the greater Charlotte area they're tough to find. La Unica is certainly one of them!
4	This place was surprisingly good! I usually enjoy a nicer atmosphere, but for the amazing flavors of their food, it was worth it. They are the only place to have chilaquiles in Charlotte. I tried it in Mexico and have been craving it ever since. La Unica's was really good. Thank you guys! The shrimp quesadilla's are really good too! It is nice to practice my Spanish, and the servers are always happy to speak it right back. They are so nice. Muchos gracias!
5	This place is awesome!!!  Authentic food!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!Best Pork Carnitias in town! Beware it gets CRAZY busy for dinner especially on the weekends and there is no beer or alcohol served. So if you can't eat your Mexican without a Cervesa like my husband can't seem to do, then Take Out is more for you.
4	Delicious, fast, and friendly!
4	The Hot Salsa is very Hot, the mild Salsa is very Mild, Both were VERY Good!  They give you some Lime Wedges - In my Bowl I mixed a three parts Mild Salsa with one part Hot and a squeeze of Lime Juice!My Girlfriend had a Chicken Chimichanga... I'm not sure I have ever tasted one of these and I know I do not want one again... She said it was very good!  My Soft Pulled Pork Taco was very Good and the Hard Ground Beef Taco was good!Our Server was GREAT!  She knew we would not like certain things and would like others! Mr. Union County Physique World told me there is Mexican Food and there is Mexican Food, this would be the later!  Mr. Hoy Approved!
5	Hands down, the BEST Mexican food in Charlotte. If you go to this place and order a normal Tex-Mex entree you a SERIOUSLY missing out. Order the traditional tacos, carne asada, carnitas, arroz con pollo, sopa de pollo, etc. You will NOT be disappointed. The staff is awesome. They always greet me upon entering and the manager always makes time to come visit my table and say hi to my son (he's 2 and this is his favorite restaurant).It is ALWAYS packed. But absolutely worth the wait.
5	LOVE this food. Most authentically Mexican food I've found in a long time. This is not tex-mex... it is authentic and oh, so good!Try the beef tongue. It only costs about a dollar, and will open your eyes to a new cut of meat! The tongue is tender and flavorful, it tastes like braised stew meat.Every single thing I've gotten here is just incredible. It is so fresh, so tasty... great, now I'm hungry!My only complaint is no alcohol.** Edit: They've expanded! So now there won't be such long waits to get to incredible tasty tacos!
1	THE WORST MEXICAN FOOD!!! AND SERVICE!!!! 1st and last time there. Food was horrific . Rice had to much garlic or condiment and texture was nasty. It seems like they have the dishes ready , but sitting under a hot lamp. Every dish we ordered had no taste/or to much.  My son didn't even touch his burrito. What a waste!!! Horrible, Horrible. I get upset because being Mexican/American we can do much better. These people just got lucky they have a crowd !!! Really NC there are better REAL MEXICAN PLACES (AZTECA) is the place. Good luck!!!!
4	When there are lines to get into an eatery tucked away at a dingy strip mall on Old Monroe Road in Indian Land, two things come to mind. One, either this is one hell of a good restaurant, or, two, it's the only decent place to eat within a ten-mile radius, and people are hungry, and better eat there than go hungry. Thankfully, La Unica is indeed one hell of a great Mexican restaurant.As far as "authentic" Mexican eateries are concerned, La Unica passes some strict requirements. Being that most Mexican restaurants tend to lean towards Tex-Mex (and there's nothing wrong with that), La Unica is one of the few that serves more typical Mexican fare, more from southern Mexico. In other words, lots of seafood in addition to standards like enchiladas and tamales. Everyone's mentioned the carnitas, and I too will sing its praises: best carnitas in Charlotte. So tender and succulent! I had the carnita burrito, and it was so damned good that I was tempted to have another, but, crikey, that would have been excessive. One big thing to keep in mind: La Unica does NOT have a liquor license, so you won't be able to chase down your carnitas tacos with a cold Tecate. And, no, they won't allow you to bring your own cerveza either. Bummer. YO QUIERO TECATE CON MI TACOS AL PASTOR, PINCHE!
5	Proof that quality of cuisine trumps atmosphere.  Great Mexican food that you would not expect to get off of Old Monroe Rd.
5	Best Mexican food I have ever had. Hands  down... A+++ if you ever eat here get the Crazy Chicken Burrito.  YUMM!!
4	Very good food at a good value.   4-star rating due to dining area, very generic.
4	Food is excellent!!!  And fast service...although they could be a bit nicer!
4	Great Mexican food at great prices.  The tacos with pork, beef or fish are awesome and cheap!
4	Hallelujah! This Southern California girl has found authentic Mexican food in Charlotte! After visiting many a restaurant that says Mexican but only to find Tex-Mex, La Unica was a welcome find! My benchmark for Mexican food is always carnitas and La Unica's carnitas are excellent - tender chunks of pork with crispy edges - it's so good.  Their rice and beans are excellent too.Their salsas are fantastic.  For spicy food lovers, be sure to ask for the salsa verde!It is hike to get out there but the food is definitely worth it.  The service is nice and friendly and FAST!  I can't wait to go back!
4	Food was great! The carne con nopales was exactly like my mother in law makes and the barbacoa tacos were delicious. The kids menu is lacking though, my daughter loved the frijoles y arroz however I've tried better ground beef tacos.
5	I could not believe i had not written up a review when I checked for their phone number tonight! As I have said in previous reviews, I am a Canadian Irish man, far from a Mexican food critic. In fact I had not eaten "decent" Mexican until moving to NC 7 years ago. I do now love it, and Three Amigos in particular (see my review's) and this is my next fav Mexican in the Charlotte area by far!I have been to & reviewed the La Unica in Huntersville and assume they are related as they have the same logo, and I like this one much better. Everything I have ordered, from the mole, to the enchiladas, & the best way to test Mexican, the basic taco. All are fantastic. We have dined in and ordered take out, I am normally not a fan of take out Mexican, but they make it work, and work well.Unfortunately they do not yet have a liquor license and therefore feel I am missing something when dining in without a cerveza. Hands down best Mexican without driving down to Central Ave, or Tijuana. Gracias La Unica!
3	The first few times I went to La Unica I wasn't that impressed.  I ordered the veggie fajitas and they were basically just onions with one or two peppers,and mushrooms smothered in salt.  I am used to Azteka where you get broccoli, zucchini, squash---you know, actual vegetables in the VEGGIE fajitas.  The guacamole is not tableside which is a problem for me because I could take a bath in guacamole that is how much I love it.  They use some pureed version which isn't bad but I am doubting it is truly avocados in that mix.  The salsa is also the pureed type which again is fine but it pretty much tastes like smashed up tomatoes.  I just prefer fresh salsa so this just doesn't quite satisfy.  The chips are crunchy and thicker so those were on point.My most recent visit was last night and I tried the shrimp fajitas for the first time and they were very good.  The shrimp was not shrimpy if you know what I mean!  :)  They were plump, fresh, seasoned well and grilled---lip smackin' good!  They were accompanied by some salty onions and I think I found one teeny tiny green pepper straw in the mix.  My fajitas, per the norm, also came with beans and rice.  The beans were good but there was about 2 bites worth.  The rice was fine but there was no pico or guac...only sour cream.  Not cool.For the most part the service was good and fast--as it is with most mexican restaurants.  The only annoying part of the service was when we arrived at 6:30pm on a Tuesday night we were told we had to wait until our whole party was present.  What?  Where am I?  Ruth's Chris?  If my party was of 10 then I could understand but we were waiting on two other people.  Why couldn't we go down a basket of chips and salsa before they arrived?  A) they weren't that busy and B) you're La Unica.  I understand from a waitstaff perspective but with a Mexican restaurant like this, it is basically fast food.  You are turning tables over no matter what.  What's next?  Is Wendy's going to start taking reservations?   Let's just not get too big for our britches La Unica and you will be just fine.
5	I love everything about this place. I've been coming here for around 4-5 years now, which means they're doing well. In fact, they're expanding into the building next door. Every meal comes with free chips and salsa. This is pretty standard for a Mexican place, but it comes with two flavors in salsa jars: mild (which is thinner and very tomato-y and garlic-y) and spicy (which is a lot chunkier and has onions and cilantro mixed in). If you ask your waiter or waitress, you can get a green salsa and a brown salsa in addition to the two you are given. The brown one is really spicy. I can't really recall how the green one tastes, but that's because I don't really ask for it. It's just good to know there's more varieties of salsa if you need it. I'm vegetarian and I usually get one of the vegetarian dinners, especially Vegetarian Dinner #1. It's simple, but delicious. The sauce on the burrito and enchilada on that specific plate are always authentic-tasting. The rice and beans are also very good, but maybe not the most flavorful. Another thing about this place is the consistency. If you like something, it will always be that good every time you come back. But, best of all, is the extreme friendliness of the staff. If you go there enough, they pick up on it and know you by name (or at least by face) and they will come over and say hi. Best Mexican Place i've ever been to!
5	Delicious food. As authentic as we have found. I was encouraged by the reviews that said they were disappointed that this was not Tex-Mex cuisine. Those are usually a good sign to us. We aren't the usual quesadilla crowd.
4	I grew up with Mexican food, with a father who grew up in Southern California.  While I'm no snob, I'm sick of the faux-mexican restaurants in this area and what they pass off.Well, La Unica is a breath of fresh air!  My 2nd favorite mexican restaurant, and IMHO the 2nd most authentic in the Charlotte area I've tried.  Anything on the menu is good, the servers are friendly and attentive, and the prices are fair.The one complaint I would have is crowd control.  They're almost always busy, you almost always have to wait, and the entrance is a mash of people waiting, leaving and paying - such that sometimes you can't catch their eye to get your name on the list because they just don't know if you're coming or going.But it's worth the wait to have real mexican!
5	This place rocks! The food is consistently great as is the service. We've never had a bad dining experience. Very reasonable prices. Go!
5	My wife and our daughter have been here many times and every time we are amazed by how nice the people are, how quickly we get our food and how fantastic that food is. They have TE best tacos I have ever eaten. It's not really worth making them at home once you've had their tacos. There may be a lot of people there but the change over is quick and you never have to wait more than a few minutes. They do a great job and you can't go wrong.
5	Very good Mexican food in a very unexpected location.  The restaurant is a bit cramped and always busy.  I've never had a bad dinner here and my GF and I eat here once a month for over a  year now.  The food is always quick and very tasty.  Skip the hot salsa for the chips....too overpowering.  This place is like Azteca minus all the cheesy props and Mariachi band.  The staff is always friendly and will go out of their way to make you happy if the dish you ordered isn't exactly what you thought it would be.  This place is our "old reliable" when we can't decide where to eat out....we default here.  Yum.
5	If you never find another Mexican place in Charlotte, don't worry - you don't have to!La Unica is fantastic.  Always fresh, quick, and delicious.  They immediately stock your table with two types of salsa (medium and hot!), limes and crispy wonderful chips.  Then you glance over the menu - I always get the tacos - and boom, best Mexican food ever.  They are located in a little strip mall, but just renovated the restaurant and it's gorgeous on the inside.  They made the space bigger, added more tables, and painted murals all over the walls.  I love this restaurant, and am so happy that we found it.  It's not the fanciest place, but it'll keep you coming back.
5	Closed for renovations right now!! Expanding the wonderfulness.Yes that is a word.
5	Re-opened! Can't wait to check out the new expanded restaurant! So good they had to buy out the adjacent lots!
5	This is our favorite Mexican joint in town. The food and service is consistently good. The sauces seem to have gotten spicier over time, or so it seems!  Definitely try the green sauce- it's delicious and super spicy at the same time. The wait can seem long at times but its usually no longer than 15 minutes.
5	Don't go anywhere else for Mexican -- this is the best. We eat here for dinner and lunch with everything simply delicious. Salsa is amazing with both HOT and mild versions. Chips are freshly made and served warm. All menu items are typical Tex Mex -- my favorite is the Arroz con Pollo which you should try...Yum!  Oh by the way the prices are low too.
5	This is authentic Mexican and it's as good as it gets. My favorite Mexican restaurant in Charlotte (Indian Trail). Try all the different sauces with the complimentary chips so good and spicy. Their 'street tacos' are amazing. Three tacos are really more than enough. Very filling. The restaurant was recently renovated so can accommodate the regular crowds even better. Expect a wait if your going during peak lunch/dinner hours. Super nice staff that is generally attentive. If you haven't been and love Mexican food, this is a must try location.
5	Just took the family to dinner and the reviews for this gem are spot on. The food was fabulous, fun atmosphere and super attentive and efficient wait staff. We shared the carnitas dinner ( by far the best carnitas I have had since leaving the southwest), enchiladas, burritos and veggie fajitas- all plates were delicious. Awesome place, will definitely be going back.
4	I love this place. The food is fast, and the salsa and chips are good. My orders are never complex but I've never had a problem with service. My only complaint is that they are a Pepsi restaurant (usually that's a deal breaker for me) but they get the food right, fast, and reasonably priced so I overlook it and get a water.
5	This is hands down the BEST Mexican restaurant around!! The food is excellent with plenty of flavor! I love the nachos, the tacos, the burritos, and the spinach dip is amazing - and I don't even like spinach!! The chips and salsa are really good. They give you a mild and hot salsa, which taste freshly made. Both have great flavor. I prefer to mix them because the hot is REALLY hot (to me) but still very good!! The service is fast and the servers are very friendly! They recently remodeled and it really cuts down on the wait times. Great atmosphere and great food!!
5	Raised in Oklahoma with real Mexican food, this is a good as it gets.  We drive from the Marvin area weekly to enjoy the food.  The green salsa for the chips is amazing albeit a tad on the hot side.  Tacos are like eating street food in Baja.  Carnitas are spot on, and the guisado is like the little old woman down the street made from my childhood.  Teamwork makes for quick service, and the kitchen executes with great speed.
4	We stopped by the restaurant for lunch around noon on a Thursday to find this place stuffed to the rafters. I can't say I have ever seen a lunch place  as packed as this, except maybe Roosters on a Friday. There were a lot of Hispanic folks which really spoke to the authenticity of the place. We were given a booth in the back (it is surprisingly large in there - like the Tardis) and two large menus by a man who seemed almost comical in his "very tired of the day and of his job" air. I almost felt bad for the poor guy.The menu did a good job of presenting itself as authentic while still allowing for explanations of what each dish was comprised of for gringos like us. Mine was essentially a deep fried burrito, filled with #4 spiciness ground hamburger, with a pile of lettuce shavings, some tomato, one plop of sour cream, a wee bit of beans and a queso poured over the top which, unfortunately, ruined the fried crispness. My husband had the enchilada. This was one of those circumstances where we had all the same ingredients, just folded differently, that happens in American Mexican restaurants now and then.Also, the salsas they brought out (without explanation): 2 cute milk bottles. One had nothing but pure red and the other was a chunky, garden-style salsa. We needed to experiment to see what was hot (the red) but they wisely brought out three little bowls so we had one for each salsa and one for a mix of the two. These were either a 2 on the a hot Scale or an 8 so mixing is wise.The bill was something like $17.Overall, this was really good. I think it is a matter of finding your favorite dish and they'll probably do that one spectacularly. Once they ditch that queso....stuff.
4	Great place for a quick authentic meal. The place is a Mexican blue plate. Atmosphere has improved since the last time we ate here but still not the kind of place to impress a date or stop in for a beer because they don't sell it but the food and staff are great!
5	This place is located in a small shopping center that looks a little questionable but this restaurant is a secret gem in the heart of indian Trail.  They changed the inside and instead of a big cafeteria looking restaurant, they added booths, decor and sectioned parts off to make it look more intimate and bigger.  The servers are super friendly and attentive.  They offer two salsas that greet you with chips when you first sit down.  Food is delicious and the portions are very large for the price you pay.  Two thumbs up!!*No liquor license
5	Amazing and authentic. Super clean. Efficient and friendly service. One of the best Mexican food places I've eaten at. Highly recommend it. Best of all, inexpensive! A great value!
5	So far away but well worth it. Astute service, wonderful authentic food, and a simple no frills experience. It far exceeds the tex-mex that Charlotte knows. Every trip is a decadent experience.  Feels like god is rubbing your tummy.
5	There is no reason to eat at any other restaurant in Indian Trail. La Unica is simply the best. The service is great, the newly remodeled interior is roomy, well lit and just all-around pleasant. The real gem is of course the food. In probably close to 100 times eating here over the past 6 years I've never had anything I didn't like. If you are in the mood for something a little different try either the Pollo a la Crema or the lunch chicken soup. The only minor quibble I have is the flour tortillas. They are just Mission tortillas. Fresh and always warm of course but nothing special. But short of making tortillas themselves I'm not sure what they can do, it's not like there is a tortilla bakery in the area.
5	If they told me the truth, they now have a new restaurant in the clarion hotel on carowinds blvd. across from the park..... delicious!!!
4	This was good Mexican food. I decided to try something I had never had before (I forget what it was called) and I was glad I did. My wife ordered a torta, and raved about the bread. La Unica is a little out of the way for us, but worth it if we are in the mood for Mexican. It was fast and relatively inexpensive.
5	This place is always packed every time we pass by so we decided to try it for dinner tonight. It was some of the best Mexican food we have ever had, even the rice tasted good. The place was clean and the customer service was great. The food came out  extremely hot, fresh out of the oven. We will definitely go back soon!
3	I got take out here once.  I don't remember what I ordered, but it wasn't anything great.  Being that Mexico is a large country I asked the waiter what the regional differences were & was met with the answer that there aren't any.  Not too impressive from the start.
5	Finally - a place to go for good Mexican food that answers the question "Why am I paying so much for a fork and plate?" All good.(Joke Hint: Most Mexican food is all the same but for the fork and plate - and the price).
5	The BEST mexican food on this planet!!  Our favorite.....their rendition of salsa verde!
4	This place is great and always packed to the gills during busy times. I've placed To Go orders while filled to the rafters and still receive my order in about 15 minutes. Always enjoy everything I try on the menu and the horchata is amazing, try it!
5	Food - 2/2*Simply the best traditional Mexican food in all of Charlotte.  My favorite item to order is the Fajita Steak Nachos.  The steak is so savory and delicious.  The chips and salsa that they bring out are excellent.  They'll bring you both mild and hot and watch out because the hot is HOT!  I end up mixing the two together.  I've never had anything here I didn't like.Service - 1/1*Fast and very friendly.  Some of the staff are some of the most personable and friendly staff I've ever had.  You're food will come out fast!Price - 1/1*Appropriately price in the $7-13 range.Atmosphere - 1/1*You don't expect much.  This is a hole-in-the-wall and I wouldn't change anything about it.  They recently expanded and it's made a huge difference for traffic flow.  This place is always busy.  We've learned you need to arrive before 6pm or you better be prepared to wait.  Side note- traffic coming down Old Monroe from Matthews is horrible around 6pm.  It could take you 30 minutes to get to La Unica from the 485 exit.Overall- my favorite traditional, authentic Mexican food.  I find myself craving this food.  It's the best.
5	My husband and I just moved from LA, and we had to get our mexican food fix. We loved it! The burritos are so good. Fresh tortilla chips and salsa. The horchata is really good. We will be back!
3	Very average dishes. Bland rice. No refried beans with the steak dinner, however the bowl of beans was very well spiced and good. The steak itself was decent. My sister said her enchiladas verdes were very good. I had a combination plate of a tostada, taco, and enchilada. It was all okay.Relocated here from Chicago and we are still on the search for a real good taqueria that serves up some carne asada that is tender, well seasoned, and juicy. The food here is passable but it's not great enough for us to want to return. However, it is probably better than others in the area so give it a try.
5	My family and I had an excellent experience at this restaurant! The server was very pleasant,the food was done quickly and tasted delicious! We will be back again and again.
5	After a long hard run at carowinds we decided to stop here. Of the 5 times we have been here there was 1 time that the food was just not as good as the other times. We brought it up to our waitress and she said if it's like that again to let them know. They have the best salsas and selection of salsa that they bring to you. Finally since my family and I moved here we have found real salsa that has a kick to it instead of the full and bland. Every place Mexican restaurant we have been to when asked if they have anything spicier they bring back chili oil which is not how you make spicy salsa. Cecilia's is the only place we eat at in irmo, sc because her food has never disappointed us , the salsa is amazing and we will never go anywhere else unless he head up to carowinds.
2	I absolutely used to love the food here! The burritos and tacos are to die for and their rice and salsa are prime. However, my family disagreed with me the first time after we went and now I see why. It made their stomachs upset, but it didn't affect me and I decided to keep going.One day while eating I excused myself to go to the restroom and while I was washing my hands I saw an employee walk out of the stall and leave without washing her hands. Gross!!  I'm wondering if this is the reason they only got a 96% on they're sanitation rating (which is pretty bad considering everywhere else I've eaten doesn't have less than a 98). Hopefully the rest of the staff doesn't do this but I'm not taking anymore chances! Especially since the last time I ate there it didn't agree with my stomach, nor my brother's. I just wish I could have a look in the kitchen to see how "clean" it really is!
4	no alcohol...nooooooooooooooooooo!
5	Truly the best Mexican food you will find. The food is so fresh, I usually get the taco salad and the chicken is the freshest I have ever tasted. The service is quick and everyone is very friendly. Before you even have your drink there are fresh tortilla chips on your table with 2 delicious salsas. It's a must try when in Indian Trail.
5	The best Mexican food I've ever had...period.  Salsas and queso make it an over the top experience.  A must have if you live in or around Charlotte.
1	We've eaten here before, the former times during the dinner rush. Those dining experiences were 100x better than the awful service tonight. We arrived around 8pm tonight, we waited at our table for 15 min before our server opted to take our order. My biggest pet peeve (which is why I hate being seated in a back table tucked away from server stations) is being unattended for more than 10 min ESPECIALLY when it's slow! So we finally get to place our order and boom server doesn't know the menu yet. Because apparently what I ordered was a new one for her. Above all, they came back confirming my order thrice, thereafter, one time another server confirming. To top it off, my order came out wrong anyways and our drinks never once refilled. At that point, I've succumbed to their poor service and decided I could skip a meal. At check out, we're asked, "how was everything?" Glad someone else was with me to kindly pass a, "it was great."
5	My gf and I go here quite regularly. We are always amazed at how fast the service is and how consistently amazing the food is. The staff is always very friendly and are very quick with the delicious chips and salsa. We HIGHLY recommend this place.
2	Bringing it down another notch.  I'm sorry folks.  I know people love this place but I do not get why.  I ordered the veggie fajitas yesterday and literally only sizzling onions came out.  I asked the waitress why there were only onions and she said because they only have peppers, onions, tomatoes and mushrooms in their veggie fajitas.  So, I asked why it said on the menu "and other mixed veggies" and she said she didn't know but she could add some more peppers to the fajitas if that would help. I asked for corn tortillas but got flour.  We asked for lemons for our water, they only do limes and forgot to bring them.  I asked if I can substitute other beans (ie black or charro) for the refried and she said no...The menu states no substitutions can be made to menu items.  Seriously?  Our waitress had a sourpuss look on the face the entire time as did others that approached our table.  We asked for more chips and salsa and they forgot to bring them.  Overall, a horrible experience.  I was willing to try them again because they seem to be the "hit" but they do not cut it for me. My original thought remains:  too big for your britches La Unica.  Get over yourself!!!!
4	Really good food.  SUPER FAST!!Would have given 5  stars except for the inattentive waitress.  She never came back and checked on us.
5	I love this place! Always delicious food with  friendly service! I will recommend it!
5	Wow! What a find...Me and my wife were looking for good Mexican food to try in the Charlotte area. So far, this place is close to what we got in California. In CA, there are burrito places all over.I am jaded about my Mexican food being up to par.The quality of service and food were top for what you pay.Our waitress, Rafaela, was very cool and hooked us up!We will definitely be back soon!!!!Thank you.
4	Best Mexican food in town - hands down. Always friendly service- always packed (for good reason)- the food is awesome!
4	I have spent time opening facilities in Mexico (DF, Queretaro and Tizayuca) and although I wouldn't rate La Unica on that scale I would say that this is some of the best Mexican food my wife and I have been able to find in the Indian Trail area, it's always fresh, and the service is great.  We order a lot of take out and its always correct which we appreciate so as to not have to come back.  We really enjoy La Unica and glad you are in our neighborhood!
