2	Went here and needed 2 tires replace - which went well. Went back a couple of days later for a Realignment. Had early appointment, and 2 hours promised by salesperson. Things going okay until salesperson called me (in mall shopping) about an hour later and tire turned into two (both rear with shims on both needed) - salesperson re-promised same time (? - I expected a little longer).Upon returning at appointed time - was told another hour and was told "who promised that time & that was before we found out shims for both needed". - The senior store person seemed irritated that the previous salesperson had over-booked the shop, made promises and then left for a few days off.Didn't leave until 40 minutes after official 8pm close........6.5 hours after arrival and 4.5 hours after original promised time.-Did receive 25% discount after asking for a discount.Note: They told me I was very patient.
1	Terrible customer service. I was quoted a price of ~$40 for a battery warranty replacement over the phone.  I drove to the shop (which is 30 minutes from where i live), and was promptly greeted by a technician who tested by battery to confirm that it needed replacement.  The battery did need replacement, so a sales associate ushered me inside to pay for the new battery.  The associate selects the battery, rings up the purchase, and adds a $20 installation fee.  Up until this point, my experience had been very pleasant.  I told the associate that the price I had been quoted on the phone did not include an installation fee.  He said that it was a standard fee, and I again stated that an installation fee had not be quoted to me over the phone.  He said that I could take the battery and install it myself, but that I would have to return the old battery to the shop.  I told him that while I was happy to install the battery myself, driving 30 minutes back to their shop to return a car battery was not convenient.  He ran into the shop, to stop the technician from removing my old battery.  I waited... a different associate returned.  This new associate was pushy and abrasive.  He told me that I had two options: 1) to pay them $20 to install the battery now or 2) to pay full price ($120) for a new battery, install it at home, and return the defective battery to their store (requiring an additional hour of driving on my part) to receive the warranty credit. I again told this technician that an installation fee had not been quoted to me over the phone and paying full price for the battery now to get a credit later also had not been quoted to me.  He said because I told him driving an extra hour roundtrip to return the battery was inconvenient, he would not give me the warranty credit because I was unlikely to return the defective battery.  I told the associate that neither of these choices was the option quoted to me over the phone.  He said that he didn't have a technician in the shop that was willing to work for free, so he could not waive the installation fee (although if the battery had been less than 3 yrs old instead of 3.25 yrs old, installation on replacement batteries is free).I have no problem with installation fees as long as they are quoted to customers.  This allows the customer to make an informed decision.  Because this fee was not included in my quote, I opted to drive to Sears to get a replacement battery. IF YOU DON'T QUOTE AN INSTALLATION FEE, DON'T CHARGE ONE!  This is the mistake of the shop, not the customer, so the shop should fix it.  The associate made no attempt to correct the mistake.  Instead they were pushy and unflexible.  Don't go to Sears Automotive. There are many repair shops in town that will value your time/money and make every attempt to keep your business.  Sears is not one of them.
2	I stopped in for an oil change on a Wednesday, but had to leave my car there and pick it up on Thursday with fresh oil and a NEW RADIATOR! A mechanic was removing the skid plates to get at the filter, when his wrench slipped and punctured the radiator. The manager told me they had to remove the plates because using rags to collect the oil when the filter was removed was considered 'hazardous waste' and was against their policy? My vehicle has about 150,000 miles on it and has had its oil changed faithfully every 3,000 miles. This was the first time the skid plates were removed for an oil change. I've trusted Sears auto centers for years and had no reservations about getting my oil changed here, but that was the first and last time they change my oil. The good news is that after the manager told me they were going to put an aftermarket radiator in the car, and I said I wanted an original manufacturer's one, he agreed and had it shipped and installed the next day, and didn't charge me for anything.
2	The actual car repair part of the shop has been fine/average. They lose points from me for having not-so-good customer service.The people who work the front desk have typically been unhelpful or indifferent at best and rude at worst. I mean, if they knew me better I could understand them not liking me. But we just met! And all I did was ask about getting tires replaced and maybe an oil change. It's not I kicked over a display or something, although they sure acted like I did something offensive.
1	Caution they do not honor there own battery warranty. I took a battery into the store in order to get the battery warrantied. I had it tested at another shop and it failed. The I took it into the east side to have it tested and warrantied out. They were very rude about it as if I was wasting there time being there. They stated I must leave it there for a few hours so they could test the battery. But there was nobody in the store at all. I went into the shop and everybody was huddled around a desk chatting. So I left the battery got a call later stating the battery was ok. I went and picked up the battery and asked to see the test and what was the cold cranking amps. The employee stated they didn't know and they could not show me the test or the print out of the results. I asked how do I know it is good he said it is ok and to leave. I then took it to napa and car quest and had it tested and it failed. Took the results to the west side store and asked if I could warranty out the battery. The guy behind the counter stated they would test it and see if it is bad. He stated it would take til tomorrow to check the battery. There was not a single person in the store. I asked for the manager and was told he was not there. I asked for his district manager and the man behind the counter called a person on he phone. I spoke with him and he stated that he would do nothing about this. I asked about the 3 year warranty and it was 2 years old it was still under warranty. He stated they would not warranty it and not stand behind the warranty. I feel this is wrong and he would not take care off me.
