2	The 1st Tony Roma's I had ever been to was in Okinawa, Japan of all places.  After eating primarily Asian food for 2 straight years, the ribs there tasted like HEAVEN.  Both my wife and I were curious if it was just that particular dinner or if Tony Roma's was really that good.  It was definitely the former.  Not a terrible place but not that great either.  I would go with Memphis Championship BBQ any day of the week over this place.
4	Setting:  If you've been to a Tony Romas, the one in Sahara is all the same.  It has the normal restaurant look...nothing too special.Food:  I haven't had a bad experience in a Tony Romas yet.  The ribs were their usual good self.  I suggest ordering ribs with original sauce, then ask for all the other sauces on the side...then dip and dip and dip.  Yum!Service:  Our waiter was cool, talkative, was joking around a few times.  No complaints here.  They were all nice folks.  A couple of them came by to talk about the Superbowl.  :)
1	our waitress was slow but friendly spent most of her time yelling across the restaurant to other employees about chit-chat kinda rude really-then seating a large loud group right next to us when the entire place was emptythe burgers were good, well done with fresh toppers. the onions/onion rings were terrible all one solid clump like a rookie cook had done them. the bbq sauce was very tasty. iced tea was good & strong not that watered down stuff$20 for ok burgers & bad fries & onion rings is not a good lunch but their ribs looked good and maybe its better to stick with what they are famous for. the service was poor and inexcusable it was soooo dead
4	The ribs are always good at Tony Roma's. St. Louis style of course, baby backs are for amateurs. do not forget to order the onion loaf because it is awesome. The sides are alright and the sauces pretty much taste the same to me, if you cannot decide stick to the original. The service was just a bit below par. Other than that, it is all about the ribs. 4 stars for the ribs.Note: This was the location were Lefty Rosenthal got car bombed in the parking lot during the 80's.
4	I signed up for the E-club and they sent me a FREE Entree for my Birthday!! I love FREE Stuff! Last time I went here I tried the burgers-NOT real impressive, so this time I asked the waitress to suggest the best thing. RIBS!"that's what she said"So I got the full rack of St Louis Style Ribs with sweet corn casserole & loaded baked potato.The restaurant was fairly slow with 4-5 customers so the food came out fast and the service was adequate.They have a large LCD Tv on the wall so I was able to enjoy the MNF game and the food was really good.Not REAL bbq but the meat was tender, the sauces were all good. The baked potato was great & so was the casserole(just not enough of it).Be sure to take advantage of this offer and CLICK on any Image!
3	Came by for a quick dinner before going out. Service was pretty good and the food came out pretty fast. Portions are rather large for their moderate price range.
1	Came in with a hungry party of 18 and left with an angry and even hungrier party of 18.We were seated quick cause it wasn't busy but we waited like 45 mins for only two appetizers then waited another hour for nothing! The waiters never cared to take away our dishes, refill our waters, or even apologize for the wait and let us know our food would be a little while longer. Instead of waiting longer because it was already 930pm we left and went to in n out for my uncle's birthday dinner.
4	While in Las Vegas for my Dad's wedding, we choose to eat at Tony Romas for the rehearsal dinner. Good choice, I loved the baby back  ribs, the variety of sauces, I really liked the seasoned french fries and there homemade coleslaw . The waitstaff was outstanding, we had a great time!
4	A great meal:Carolina honey sauce on the St Louis or baby back ribsGreen beansLoaded mashed potatoesGet a half price lemon drop martini during happy hour!Service was great, tooEnjoying my leftovers today ;-)
2	This is not our usual Tony's but we were on this side of town so we tried it out. The food was good. We both had steak and they came out like we like them. My drink on the other hand was not great. The bartender left for the day & my waiter..who was very SLOW had to make it. Eghh. He was annoying the crap out of my hubby with his lack of concern for us. We never got the bill so we "guessed" what what owed and dropped cash down & left. Wont be coming back to this one again.
1	I visited the restaurant during lunch hours and received the worst service. Our server got all four orders incorrect. The filet medallions were either bloody rare or dry well done when asked to be cooked as medium. The fries were rock hard and inedible. Our drinks were not refilled during our entire luncheon.  The server was rude when I requested another steak that was cooked appropriately. He disappeared for 45minutes and sent the hostess to tend to our requests. I placed a to-go order at the same time we got our meals and when the to-go order came out I informed the server that the side salad was missing. He did not acknowledge what I said instead turned around in a rush to head back to his beloved kitchen cave. I must say I am not a restaurant diva by any means but when the service is this ridiculous a yelp review needs to be done :)
3	They have a super cheap lunch menu. I'm talking like $9 for a sirloin steak. My favorite menu item is the BBQ Brisket sandwich. The Brisket is sometimes a little fatty...but it is yum! (and it's only $7.00). And here is a fun fact if you go in on your birthday they give you a FREE bottle of BBQ sauce and a coupon for a free onion loaf on your next visit. And speaking of onion loaf all I can say is YUM. It is the best of all the fried onion apps out there. I have never been here at dinner or on the weekend. And  the service is hit or miss. This is not an in and out in an hour place (more like an hour and fifteen minutes kinda deal). But it is close to downtown and it is nice to change it up every once in a while.
3	This is a fairly good option for lunch if you work downtown.It might take a little more than just an hour, so if you work at a place that is very stringent about time, be warned.It's pretty standard American fare - burgers, chicken dishes, pasta dishes, sandwiches, and some lunch-size portions of some of the dinner options (like the filet medallions which I do recommend).  Prices are fair too.The service is usually really smooth.  Sometimes there is the need to remind a server for a beverage refill.  Parking can sometimes be problematic as the private lot is shared with some shops and another restaurant.All in all, a good option for lunch for those that work downtown.
1	This place was horrible, I had never been before but had heard good things from a friend. My boyfriend asked me to have dinner with him here and I was pretty thrilled. Long story short, this place is way overpriced for the food quality and service. I think going to applebees, TGIF, outback, etc are way better and cheaper. Every thing my boyfriend asked for as a side for his entree they were out of it, so he had to settle for other crap. Come on now, the amount of things this place was out of was ridiculous! It's a restaurant. Shouldn't they stock up? It's not like it was out of season, it was vegetables! Definitely will not be going here ever again and I don't recommend it to anyone.
1	Horrible. Worst service and the food was cold when they brought it out. I used to go to Tony Romas when it was in Utah and it was amazing. I was extremely disappointed by this location.
3	OK, it's OK, but' I'd rather give 2.5 stars instead of 3.We got a coupon in the mail - buy one entree and get the second one for free.  Now I knew this wasn't going to be some 5 star eatery, so I take it for what it's worth.It's a chain franchise that makes OK to decent food.  It's not going to blow you away unless you've never had a great steak or ribs or fish.  I mean like if you are from some place where your best meal choice is Applebee's then you probably consider this a topnotch steak or rib house.Yeah, but it's not.  It is what it is, a simple chain style joint that offers like I said OK food.  The place is clean, the service was good till it got a bit backed up, but I can't complain and the food was alright.  At least my steak was alright, but my wife had the Mahi-Mahi (is that how you spell it???)  and it was a bit tough and too dry.The sides were OK but the appetizer onion loaf was way too greasy.You know the coolest thing about this place?  It's the last place Frank "Lefty" Rosenthal ate before the "boys" put a bomb under his car and tried to blow him to kingdom come.   I mean, what's not to like about a joint that still does have a historic connection to the old Vegas mob? http://www.lvrj.com/news/7387901.htmlWe won't be back unless they send another coupon, why, because, there are far better options that are more reasonable with a better quality of food.  But hey, that bomb thing in the parking lot, now that had to be cool!
4	Though I enjoy supporting small businesses I think franchise businesses need love too, it can't be all about small businesses.  But for real I am a fan of this Tony Roma's because the crew gave me exceptional service from beginning to end. I was surprised by the hostess opening the door, smiling, and greeting me when I came in, conversing, some places does this but I really felt welcomed and that it was meant. I was here to redeem my free entree birthday coupon and they took it even though it was for the Henderson location awesome saved me trip.  The server was on his A game. I kind of gave him the impression that it was my first time to Tony Roma's cause when he asked "is it your first time to Tony Roma's" I did say yes. I'm a yes man FYI I don't listen I usually nod and agree with people force of habit. But he did give me a very good impression, one that if I was really a first timer I would be back.  Very politely and proudly explained the menu, give his recommendations, of course I just ordered what he recommended. As I was eating checked the staff checked on me enough times.  When I was finished he suggested desserts, which I got. When I left I got the bye and thanks you for coming.  Service was way up there, Tony Roma's never fails.Food is good if you've had Tony Roma's before, I just wanted to highlight their excellent service. But just in case you wanted to know what I ate. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tony-romas-las-vegas-4?userid=vWP8-aQX0rYJszqkWVL7Ew#mDPvi8GBjXC53-rbMUCd9w  and  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tony-romas-las-vegas-4?userid=vWP8-aQX0rYJszqkWVL7Ew#tY7lJFydLiSYDMETb5A76g The interior was not new but clean and maintained. Two older flat screens not in the best locations, I couldn't see much of the NFL playoff game. It was less than half full for a weekend, so I think they need love.AYCE ribs on Mondays you might find me here one day.
1	We went to tony Roma's looking for some good BBQ and ribs, but did not even have the opportunity to order our food. We were seated and told our waitress would be right with us. After 15 minutes of being ignored, with guests who arrived after us being seen to first, we decided that this was not the place for us to eat. The poor service and blatant disrespect we received that night was enough for us to never support this business again.
4	On vacation in Las Vegas for a few days, I was happy to see Tony Roma's close to our hotel, since the one by our house has been closed for a few years now.The hostess greeted us when we came in, and seated us at a nice booth.  The server, John, was very attentive and got our drinks out quickly.  The manager even came out and chatted with us briefly.  Another server offered us "Rib Bibs" which I accepted with no hesitation, to my husband's amusement.We started with the onion loaf, which has gotten smaller over the years, but is still tasty, served with their signature barbecue sauce.I ordered the St Louis ribs and was able to get corn on the cob instead of the coleslaw.  My side dish was the loaded mashed potatoes.  I don't care for my mashed potatoes with the skin left on, but that seems to be how it's done at Tony Roma's (Belatedly, I seem to remember the Orlando location did the same thing).  John brought me a dish of Carolina Honey sauce on my request.My husband ordered the baby back ribs with the Maker's Mark Bourbon barbecue sauce.  He liked the sauce, but it was a little spicy for my taste.We ordered  the Chocolate Chunk Cookie Sandwich for dessert.  Hubby asked for it to be split in the kitchen so we wouldn't have to lean over the middle of the table to share.  John took the initiative and had it made open-face (Single cookie topped with ice cream, chocolate sauce and whipped cream) so we each had a nice little dessert rather than a (possibly) butchered ice cream sandwich.  I love the way he thought outside the box to take care of us!I found an online coupon for a free appetizer, but couldn't get the link to open on my phone.  When I explained my dilemma to John, he asked the manager to give us the discount anyway.We had a very pleasant meal with good food and exceptional service.
5	We had such a great dinner and Kory was our waitress. She rocked it for us. We had 6 or 7 of us. She worked with all of us and our separate checks. She offered us all of these yummy appetizers and even made us a special sort of thousand island dressing since they don't actually have t.i. dressing.  Loved the desserts she recommended and the cocktails she recommended, too.  We had a great family dinner and it was so amazing thanks to our server, Kory.
2	My girlfriend and I stopped in long enough to have a few relaxing drinks at the bar before taking in a show at the Sci Fi Theater (should give it a look if you haven't been before).  We had about 45 minutes to waste so we thought we could easily have a drink or two.Sorry to say we were NOT able to really enjoy our one drink as it took the bartender almost 25 minutes to acknowledge us and then almost that long to make her a simple Cosmo.  He actually had to get a mix book out and look it up, then it wasn't even a Cosmo.The manager tried to help, but she didn't know how to do it either and kept apologizing. When we mentioned how long took and the problem, she apologized saying it was a bad night and try them another time.I don't think we will be back...
