3	Ooooh!! Pretty sparkly things... Unfortunately this pretty sparkly store didn't have a lot of stuff at pretty prices. :( I'm surprised its located in an outlet mall...
5	I really liked my visit to this store. Not only was I able to find the necklace that I was looking for but I also found the matching ring. Even better, the prices were awesome. I don't know what you could really be complaining about.  The necklace and ring that I found were both more than half off. That's a great deal if you're asking me. I was very happy with the sales associate. He was very polite was very chatty.  He and I had a great conversation about what places and occasions the ring would be SO appropriate for. One thing I will remmeber about him, because I cannot remember his name, is that he is SUUUUUPER tall. His co-worker was walking around in his coat and it looked like a ball gown. He's so tall. I couldn't help but giggle. Shiny sparkly things!!
4	Awesome Black Friday sales!All store items were on 50% - 75% sales. Be sure to check ALL the purchased items carefully before paying, 2 items I bought had minor problems but luckily we found out while the staff inspect the items :)
3	I was looking for a Mothers Day gift and noticed my mom has been buying up their stuff lately so it seemed like a easy time this time around. She's a hard one to shop for. The selection was okay. There were so crazy gaudy party girl stuff, but some more classic things that is better suited for everyday wear. Some things here were half off which makes for a good deal. Swarovski isn't cheap to begin with so I wouldn't call it cheap even on sale as it can still add up! Service wise, no one came to ask if we needed help while we were there looking at things and debating on what to get. They were telling personal stories loudly and laughing while there were that many customers there. I work customer service so I know how boring the day can get, but be appropriate!  I noticed that the price of the floor sample of an earring was different from what was on the box when we were checking out so I asked about it. I was asked "Oh, so you don't want it then?" No, I know I want it, but if it's actually $55 instead of $70 then won't you check that out? The boyfriend went to go look for me while she explained people change the prices and didn't bother to go make sure. Double check the prices, double check to make sure the item is not damaged before walking off.
1	Like Jade W., my wife and MIL were totally ignored while every other customer entering the store were greeted in a friendly manner.  That young lady has no idea just how they were gonna spend on gifts.  For sure Hawaii people will get an earful and I'll sure pass the word on.  Never again!
4	Great deal all around today. If you're looking for a great gift items this is the place to be.
