3	For those of you without kids, I get that Cici's is probably not your cup of tea.  Even those with kids may not want to brave the place.  But for a relatively small investment, you get a decent pizza, and they are made just a few feet away.Perhaps most important is not that the quality is excellent, because they are not the best pizza in the world, but that they get a solid variety on the buffet.  There are a handful of other pizza buffets in town, but they have somewhere between 3 and 5 pizzas out at any given time.  At Cici's, they usually have closer to a dozen, and that does not include the dessert pizzas.They also include pasta (though it often looks pretty nasty), a cheese bread, and a smallish salad bar, and once the kids - or the rest of the family - is done, they can head off to the arcade, watch television or just annoy other families, which is generally acceptable practice here, unlike at most other restaurants.
2	Slow unfriendly service. Desert area of buffet was never stocked and was dirty.  I ordered the wings and the wings were TINY.
4	I've been coming to this CiCi's for years and they have definitely made great strides of improvement lately. A recent change in management has resulted in a brand new salad bar that I found to be surprisingly fresh and well stocked. The old broken game machines are go me and replaced with new ones. Definitely a good place to bring kids or teenagers who eat a lot since the buffet is all-you-can-eat.For the money this is really a deal. The pizza is what you would expect... marginal at best. But this is about quantity over quality. Just be careful not to come on a night the local football team plays. On those nights the place is jammed with loud middle and high schoolers.Most of the staff has worked here for years. I have seen the same dedicated employees for as long as I can remember. The sweet lady that cleans the tables speaks only Spanish and some sign language but always smiles and is efficient at keeping tables tidy. Behind the counter, Arisali runs a tight ship and always takes care of special orders. Two thumbs up for her dedication. I would give 5 stars but there are still some things that need to be fixed in the dining room. Otherwise this place is great if you're looking for lots of food on-the-cheap!
