5	I'm new to comics and although I've never had a bad experience, it's always a bit intimidating to walk into a comic store.  This place just opened today.  I found them while digging around the website for free comic book day (first Saturday in May).  I'll return for that as well of course.I was warmly greeted by the owner Jason when I walked in.  He was able to answer all my n00b questions without any smugness (although I could tell that he was knowledgeable).  Their facebook page had an offer for a Walking Dead comic which I took up since it seemed like a somewhat collectable issue and a good deal.  We talked about what stuff I liked and he gave a few recommendations.  I got a couple $1 re-issue #1s of a couple series that I'm going to try.I had questions on pull boxes and how they work and whatnot.  Once again, all questions were answered.  I did end up getting a pull box set up for my addiction to My Little Pony.As they are brand new the cash register was broken and sent off for repair.  Stock on the shelves was a bit slim.  None of this bothers me though as it is literally their first day open.Anyways, friendly and knowledgeable people without an attitude, so I'm very satisfied.EDIT: 3 months later and I still love this place.-Today I was impulse buying $75 worth of buffy the vampire slayer tradebacks.  I would normally just amazon prime this sort of thing, but decided to go ahead and support the local business.  I was rewarded by the owner Jason throwing in an Angel #1 for free.-Comics on your pull list are 10% off-Not sure if they are still doing it, but they used to have free doughnuts on Wednesdays when new comics would come out
5	Awesome store with great selection! The owner, Jason, is super nice and friendly and will help you get the best deal you can on your cards if you're selling. Scott, the manager, is super helpful and knowledgeable about Magic: The Gathering and will help you learn if you're new. Then there are the two employees Sig and Tyler. Sig is an awesome comic writer and artist and they sell his comic in the shop called Germz (really good read) but  my favorite employee there is Tyler. He is funny, cute, and has super powers.Overall, great shop that does magic events and the like. 5/5!!
4	Looks like the place has some growing to do, but for a startup store they seem well on their way.  They are friendly, have competetive prices for most cards and comics, and seem fairly knowledgeable.  They helped me pick out a comic for my son which was nice since I am not experienced with comics.  I do hope they get more memorabilia and just overall expand the selections a little more, but I think they will and the store will be even better.  It's not a large store by any means, so I am not sure if they will have meetings and game nights like other comic stores have had for like MAGIC players etc....but even if not, it's a good place to pick up the items you need.
5	Just a fun store all together, this is what comics are supposed to be all about! Gigantic wall painting of the Incredible Hulk's face, the inside is all brick with well organized walls, and random things you didn't know you needed grab your eyes as you walk through. I don't know much about baseball cards or Magic the Gathering, but they do have a bunch of that stuff too. My favorite part, they had some great mini-write-ups on Trade Paperbacks, so I got into Saga and Chew because of this store (hadn't even heard of those series before at other Las Vegas stores since they are not Marvel or DC). I keep coming back to the word fun, and I guess that's how I'd describe this place. Right across from the South Point on Las Vegas Blvd tucked in a corner of a strip mall.
3	What comic aficionados like to find in a store are great service and even greater price. You get one out of the two in this place. As of this writing, there is a 3 D mania that is sweeping the comic world. Along the same mania, greed is also tagging along. I walked into the store and the same day that the 3D comics were released, the store has already raised the prices above cover price from $3.99 to $6.95. I understand the law of supply and demand and the capitalistic environment we live in. However, when I drove to three other stores, they were selling the same comics for cover price. These stores understand that loyalty to customers can improve their capitalistic endeavors. The back issue of this place is improving, and again, overpriced. The staff is friendly and the people who play with MagicThe Gathering are cool people. I just wish that the prices of their comics are not so high.
2	Went to the store 11/9/13 @ 10:41 am but the store wasn't open. Sign said 10, called and the voicemail said 10. Checked their website it said opens at 11. So I waited til 11:10 still no sign of anyone inside or out. Left feeling pretty disappointed.
5	I stopped by Stripside to buy some Magic The Gathering cards for my 11-year old twins after finishing up with a convention that brought me in from Seattle. I was happy with the advice I received about what cards would be good choices for my children.
5	Really friendly staff and lots of activity for MtG. The crowd for sealed play on Saturdays is fun. Will be back to play soon.
5	These guys rock if you are into Magic the Gathering, they have happy hours and the best prices and games in town. They just started FNM for free!
2	I stopped into this shop for free comic book day the other day.I'm not a fan, really...this shop is tiny, with a very small selection of comics, and doesn't seem to be as well kept as some other shops I enjoy.They didn't have the comic that I wanted (to buy, not for Free Comic Book Day...that selection was pretty bad, but it WAS late in the afternoon, I'm sure the better selection was taken in the morning...that does not factor into my rating at all.), so we ended up picking up a "Death of Wolverine" comic, but it wasn't what I wanted.I really wasn't happy with the selection at all, and probably won't be back.
5	Very Good selection of all types of cards, with exceptional customer service by the owner, Jason. Very cool store, with an owner that is happy to answer your questions, whether you are buying something or not!
5	If you are an mtg player looking to play either casual and competitive magic, this is the place for you! This store stocks practically every single mtg card you could possibly need, whether it be for block, standard, modern, or edh. This is extremely convenient for a competitive mtg player like myself. I just recently moved to las vegas for work and I am so happy to have found a store like this! All FNM events are free (booster prizes and promos are still given!), which is great because it encourages newer players to participate and also encourages homebrew deck creations. They have a large inventory of decks sleeves, comics, and other games as well. The staff members here are hands down the friendliest I have met at a game store. Played against the store owner and employees a couple times. Great guys. This store is relatively new, but has huge upside potential. I would recommend this store to anyone! Be sure to check out their facebook page to stay informed about their latest events, which happen quite frequently.
5	Came here on Labor Day weekend and was helped by Jason. Cool little store, really nice & professional guy. Spent lots of time answering my questions and showing me the books. Thanks so much for your personal attention.
5	I recently decided to get back into paper Magic after playing MTGO/MODO for the past 6-7 years. I went to several shops in town trying to put together a competitive standard deck and this was the only place I went that had anything more than a couple of the cards I needed. Jason, the owner, was extremely friendly and helpful. Where other shops threw me a box of hundreds of loose singles and said good luck, he actually looked for me and, thanks to actually being organized, found them almost immediately. There was even a particular card I was having difficulty tracking down a copy of and he made it happen. This will definitely be my go-to store for any future paper Magic needs.
