4	Miga presents the most aesthetically pleasing modern restaurant space in Champaign County.I came here a week after it opened in September 2014. There were two or three customers inside and a dozen professionally dressed waitstaff standing by.The service was competent and friendly.Miga offers several varieties of sake, but none are served warm. Our sake was served over ice and slices of cucumber in a clear glass pitcher after being poured from the bottle tableside.I spent only 30 minutes here having one drink and no food. I will definitely be back to eat sometime soon.Miga is justifiably pricey by the looks of the place. I hope the food sends the same message.Our waiter mentioned that Miga and the Campustown restaurant Sakanaya are owned by the same person.
4	4 stars to the atmosphere and our cute waitress Rose. 3 star to the food. 2 to the cocktail Miga75.We had the Golbi Rib-eye, nice flavor and texture and large portion. But no surprise there. The Buddism Bibimbap was just mediocre. The Miga75 was a plain mix of Gin, Soju and lemonade (with pulp). And one big plus is the serving team was really on it, nice, pleasant and helpful. Good place for a date night.
3	4 stars for environment, 3 stars for food (I would say no surprise), 3 stars for cocktail.Environment is definitely great in Cham-bana area. However, the food taste more like average. Still, Chashu Bun is a great starter!
4	4 stars for the atmosphere.
2	We decided to try this place after watching a great film at the art theater.  We arrived around 9pm on a Saturday and there were plenty of diners and the atmosphere was nice. We decided to sit at the bar since we were only going to have some light food and a drink. We sat and sat and sat for about 15 minutes at the bar where staff was coming and going constantly before anyone said anything to us. After we were finally acknowledged the staff person was nice and gave us menus. Then our actual waitress came to take our orders and give recommendations.  I had a cocktail called It's Seoul Good. The cocktail was tasty similar to a cosmo with soju.  We decided to share the Migu noodles which was very pretty and flavorful but VERY spicy. Even my boyfriend who loves spicy food thought this was a bit over the top. Admittedly they mentioned it was spicy but this still seemed a bit on the extreme side and I'm no wimp.  We finished our meal and as we finished our drinks I pulled out a credit card to pay and then the waiting began again. Another 15 minutes before anyone said anything or came to give us the check while the waitress stood less than 5 feet away chatting up someone the entire time. It's one thing to be super busy and the service be slow but there was plenty of staff that just were totally ignoring us or so busy chatting up one customer they couldn't be bothered to check if we needed anything.  A quick bite that should have taken at most 45 minutes took closer to an hour and a half. The food and drink were ok but still fairly pedestrian. I may give this place one more try but I'm not itching to get back for anything we experienced.
3	Food is OK. Environment is awesome. Service is off. As previous review mentioned, chashu bun is a must try. Fried apply pie is special. However, the waitress is not prompt, who won't come to check if water is needed for the entire dinner.
3	Came here for dinner a few days after my first visit.The nice looks of the place started to feel misleading pretty quickly.The booze pours are super stingy. Both the beer and the wine glassware was modern and nice to look at, but the volume of liquid they were filled with made me feel like I was getting shafted by the bar tender.To eat, we got the Louisiana Chicken pasta dish and the Bibimbap.The Louisiana Chicken pasta tasted great and, in all seriousness, probably checked in at 2,000-3,000 calories. A significantly heavier meal than a double cheeseburger and fries at Five Guys. It was a huge bowl of heavy whipping cream and melted cheese, with some pasta for texture. The whole time I was eating it, I felt like the waitress should have been wearing a vest with flair pins and saying "Welcome to Applebees!" Totally not what I expected to be served in a restaurant like Miga.The Bibimbap was super sexy looking, but left everything to be desired on the eating side of things. It was missing the most important component of that famous dish - the dolsot, or hot stone bowl. It tasted only okay. Bottom line is that it was closer to a cold salad than any Bibimbap I've ever had.I'm sure I'll come here again, but I'll give the menu some time to work itself out.
5	AMAZING! Food was great and the presentation was beautiful. Jamie our waiter took such good care of us. He was such a good sport! Can't say enough wonderful things about this place! I'll be definitely be back!
5	Just found this place. Great atmosphere french/ Japanese fusion. Nice wine list. It is right next to disthl and right across the street from the Hyatt. Signage isn't great so hard to find. Food is all awesome.
5	Came by for a solo dinner here, and loved every minute of it. What I thought was going to be a simple dinner turned out to be a spontaneous treat for myself. Nick took really good care of me even while he was busy running around helping other tables. He recommended a Spanish Blanc to start off the meal. Light, dry, well-balanced with plenty of depth.I had the Soy Cream Louisiana Chicken Pasta paired with a Riesling (can't remember the name). The dish was all-around fantastic. The sauce was moderately thick with plenty of heat, bow-tie pasta was cooked to perfection, and the chicken was so crispy on the outside, I almost enjoyed slicing into the meat as much as I enjoyed the meal itself, ha. The Riesling was mildly sweet enough to match the heat from the pasta. Simple and spectacular. I loved it.Overall, I felt like I got what I paid for, and then some. I'd love to come back for a full coursed dinner (eyes on that garden steak). Well done, Miga!
5	I was in Champaign last week on my way home to Honolulu and am so glad that my brother took me to a different restaurant from our usual.  Miga was great.  The menu is innovative, with something for about everyone; the food is not only beautifully presented but really delicious, too.  It was challenging to share the Caesar salad with wasabi dressing!  Wine list is good, service excellent.
5	Started with the sashimi garden salad and scallop.  We both decided on steak and I got the garden fillet and the wife got the ribeye.  Both were superb but the ribeye was definitely the favorite.  Finished with the red bean Moche ice cream.  Service was excellent, I can't find anything to criticize so definitely 5 star.
3	Nice environment and atmosphere for dating but the food taste may not match. We ordered Beef SSAM, Zen Style Ceviche, Mandu, and Chashu Bun for appetizer. They all have delicate plates but with my highest expectation, ceviche did not reach what I thought, tuna not fresh, no soy sauce and wasabi for the fish. Chashu Bun was also far below my expectation, at least that's not as the traditional Chinese bun as it should be. We all agreed that the dishes with beef would be the greatest, no matter the appetizer or the entree Bi Bim Bap with beef. Anyway I don't think it deserved the high price.
