4	UIUC has several "in-campus" dining options ranging from the Illini Ballroom to the fast food restaurants in the basement of the Union. Bevier is run by food science students, which may sound shady, but we do happen to have one of the best food science departments in the country and there is an actual chef who helps out. The menus vary from day to day and can be found on the website. Nearly everything I've tried at Bevier has been good, except a "test kitchen" dessert I evaluated.  Ingredient quality is superior and I know they purchase some local/organic ingredients. I've found their flavorings to be unique and delicious as well. Prices are reasonable and can be found on the website. For such an tucked away location, it usually is crowded by professors and students during lunch time, but the clientele is typically older. The cafe itself was recently renovated and now it's quite nice inside. It's a great place to get lunch if you are on that side of campus.
4	i love bevier cafe and i fear it may be my new go to destination for lunch over all the overpriced sandwich/pasta shops in campustown.  you can get a delicious full sized entree for under $5!! the ambience is a little like a dorm cafeteria but the service is efficient and the food is really tasty.  They also offer portable coffee mugs for $10 with $.50 refills for an eternity after! take that, espresso royale!!  on my graduate student budget, it sure makes me warm and gooey inside to know that i can get real food (and the elixir of life- coffee!) at such an affordable price and in a convenient location.  sure beats my made in 30 seconds pbj for lunch!
5	I ma having a continued, ridiculous love affair with Bevier Cafe.  You see, I have a class from 11-12 in Bevier Hall, and the cafe itself is exactly one floor below my classroom.  Did I mention I get out at noon?  When lunch is served?  Yeah, you do the math.It's a damn good thing that B.C. is relatively cheap ($4.50 for a major entree, or sandwich), or I'd be broke and panhandling in front of the place at this rate.  The Food Service students run a fantastic local cafe that helps them get hands on experience and gets me lunch time eatin' on the cheap.  There's always a vegetable side, some mouthwatering dessert, and the space is cheery and pleasant if a bit utilitarian.  Bevier's well worth the visit.  That said, it's basically cafeteria style in that you pick up a tray, select your food options, add on bread, dessert, drinks, etc, then pay for your meal.  They'll give you a number, and a smiling food service student will bring you your food--often eerily promptly.  Now, my only request is that you don't crowd up the place when i come charging in all hungry like.  Cuz that's not cool.But go check out the cafe, with a fantastic array of food orders (and a daily changing menu!), you're bound to be satisfied.
4	I love this place. The menu changes daily and now the cafe is using foods from local farms and businesses (Prairie Fruits Farm, Pekara bakery, UI meat sciences dept...)! As mentioned previously, you can get a great balanced lunch for under $5 or get stuffed silly for maybe $7 (they have $2 and under desserts that look tasty). Some of the menu items sound a little strange, but be daring because these kids know what they're doing! I tried a cold salad with potatoes, apples, bacon, candied walnuts, and chicken... yum. Today I had indian stew with lentils, veggies (carrot, bell pepper, onion), salmon, and tilapia.. super yum! It came with verrrry tasty fried pitas. love it!They always have lots of options for discriminating palates and take cards!
5	i love this place toooooooo!! they are sterile and yummy. :) reminds me of a daily changing ikea cafeteria and i love ikea.i love coming here for lunch.. and since i'm at IGB these days, i don't even have to leave my building! it's awesome. their menu changes... but it's always decently priced for alot of food! Great soups for a buck with any entree! That's awesome enough for me.
5	Hey, they are now serving local dishes every day. There are many local farmers raising delicious top-quality animals and heirloom produce...which you can now eat for $5!
4	Pretty good food. Pretty good price. Sandwiches are a little small, but the sides are cheap. The service is really fast. My girlfriend says the portions are good for girls, but not for guys.
4	This place is awesome.  Great menu, they put a lot of care and thought into the food, AND ITS GREAT.  The use of local ingredients, at an affordable price, makes it even tastier.  Just watch out for the crowd during lunchtime--you'll likely have to wait a while (10 min or so) to get your food, but they bring it to your table and its absolutely worth it.
3	When I read the positive reviews on Yelp, I expected to fall in love with Bevier Cafe.  After going to Bevier Cafe yesterday with a couple of friends, the good news is that I don't dislike the place.We arrived a few minutes before the cafe closed, and they were out of some of their entrees.  The food we got seemed to have been sitting out for a while, and it wasn't as tasty as I anticipated.  Also, their service seems kind of disorganized--you take a tray, tell the people at the counter what you want, pay for it, go sit down with an empty tray, and then the employees bring you your food.  Couldn't they just hand the food over the counter?  Or just have real servers?  Even with the not-as-good-as-expected food and the confusing service, I like the concept of Bevier Cafe.  I'm happy to support a student/university-run restaurant, and I will eat there again.
4	It's convenient.  It's cheap.  Dessert is always good, and again cheap, so I only feel guilty for being overindulgent, not for spending too much money.  The menu rotates and there is always a vegetarian option.  You order your food, you pick up salad (if you must) and dessert (you must) and get your drink.  Sit down and a cheerful student delivers your hot entree to your table.  And I don't have to go outside to get there.  Bonus!
4	Bevier Cafe has some great deals for good quality food. I love their food, the lasagna is great! But the dessert is just okay. I'm a sweet freak, but even I have to say that the dessert is too sweet, but not enough flavor. Other than that, the food is delicious and nice for a quick bite.
4	The cookies here are amazing. Especially the White Chocolate Pecan. They are so rich and delectable. I also had the South Western Fiesta Turkey and Corn Salad and the daily special- which was Chicken Gumbo. It all cost about $11 which is more than I was expecting to pay but I was very full. The Salad was great. And I NEVER like salads. I generally go out of my way to pay extra for an alternative but I noticed that the salad today looked pretty good and I was glad I made that choice. It was chock full of fresh vegetables, juicy chicken, and great taste! The salads here are wayy bigger than the entrees. I was not impressed with the Gumbo. I can't put a finger on it but I have to say that the overall flavor was not appealing...
4	This place is solid.  It's cheap, especially for campus.  The menu varies day to day, which keeps things interesting.  You probably won't love every dish they make, but there's little displays so you have a pretty good idea what you're getting.  The prices have increased a little from what other reviews say, to $5 an entree for lunch and $0.75 for sides.  But I think it is usually worth that.Some things I've had here:Pastrami on marbled rye: was quite tasty.  Maybe not quite as flavorful as the Beef Stand, but cheaper and closer for me.  Fried okra: is the best I've had in town.  Yum.FSHN chips sandwich: I was a little disappointed in this one - there seemed to be less fish than breading.Beer battered cod and chips - was pretty good.Mushroom and turkey panini - also pretty good, and satisfying on a cold  day.Manhattan clam chowder: I liked this a lot, it had a tasty broth and many chunks of fish.  I'll have to try the soups more often.Overall: since there are multiple dishes, it seems like there's usually at least one thing worth trying.  I've never had the salads or desserts, but they look pretty good.  Service has been good every time I went, though obviously this depends a bit on the students working.  I've been pretty happy with the food, I kinda like the cafeteria style set-up, and the price is right.  I'll be coming back here to try out more of the menu.  Great for a day when you forgot your lunch or just need a break and some tasty grub.Since I found it, it has become one of my regular lunch spots.  And you can look the menu up online before you even walk over:http://beviercafe.illinois.edu/index.cfm
5	It's a treat!  Great prices and value.  Convenient location on campus. The food is tasty and I love supporting the University of Illinois Food Science students.
5	Ever since I discovered it a couple of months ago, I have practically been living here.  It's a nice cross between a fancy restaurant and a cheap cafeteria.There are always at least a few dishes to pick from, rotating daily.  They also have a house salad and Greek salad every day.  They charge $5 for (practically) every entree, which is sometimes too much, sometimes too little for the dish.  On the other hand, all sides are $0.75, so it all kind of evens out.  They also have rotating desserts, but always have big, soft, fresh cookies.Although going through the line to pay with your tray feels like a cafeteria, the seating is basic, but very nice, wooden, and pretty comfortable.  You sit with a number and relax and wait for your dishes to be brought to you--which usually isn't too long.They do serve breakfast, but I haven't been able to try it yet.  The convenience of being able to check the menu on the website pushes the score to an A+!
1	Terrible...
1	I was extremely disappointed by Bevier cafe during the 2012 summer.  On many occasions the food was inconsistently portioned or prepared.  For example, the country fried steak on several occasions was extremely greasy, with oil oozing off of batter - a clear sign that it was not cooked at a high enough temperature.  When broccoli and beef over rice was offered, take out orders simply were not portioned with enough food.  For a dish over $5, there should be more than two pieces of beef.  Items billed as hot sandwiches arrived cold, with cheese not even partially melted.As this is a student run enterprise, let's hope that the Fall batch of students are more detail oriented and the quality improves!
4	Bevier cafe has significantly improved in 2013. There is much more consistency in the preparation, seasoning, and portioning of dishes. Orange chicken is still too sweet and syrupy, but overall, the quality of food is much better than before.
4	The food is certainly better quality than dorm food. However, it is over priced for the portion that you get. The only reason I would eat here is if I have class down stairs on the same day.
