5	I stopped in today on my lunch break and had an amazing $10 manicure with Tracy. This salon is right next to Sprouts and opened two months ago. I will definitely be a repeat customer. I am going back tonight for a pedicure with a hot stone massage for only $18. Great price, great location, great service. VERY impressed!
5	Hey yall! this is my first Yelp review. I can't wait to write more! So let me start by saying Sienna Nails rocks! So....my sister Susan used to get her nails done by another local nail salon, as did I until today. A few weeks ago, Susan and her husband invited me  for a BBQ. I noticed her super cute pedicure. I asked her if she went to the "usual" place and she said a friend of hers advised her to try Sienna Nails. So Susan continued to explain what a WONDERFUL job they did. She went into detail about all the services and options Sienna Nails provides. I have had plenty of pedicures from a number of salons in the Valley. And some have been ok, while others were just plain awful!! From massages that left me with bruises and "salt" or "sugar" rubs that left me with rashes that wouldn't heal for weeks. Not to mention, the pain that came with nail filing down to the nerves! YIKES! So, after seeing my sister's wonderful pedicure, I decided to give it try. I walked in at 5:00PM today (05.27.12). Mark asked me if I needed a pedicure right away. So he immediately prepared my chair and foot tub after asking me to choose my color. After seating myself, I promptly apologized for the condition on my toes and feet (as I try to make it somewhat less embarrassing for myself). Mark was very sweet and told me "not to worry, that is why you're here." Mark did an EXCEPTIONAL JOB!! Not only was Mark gentle on my feet, but he gave the greatest massage I've ever had! Then he did "hot rock" treatment (which I've never had done or seen before). I wasn't even born with feet this soft!!! :) Mark was very courteous (as were the other ladies working on other customers-one in particular who wasn't even worthy of such awesome customer service!). Then I asked Mark for some flowers, and received the greatest nail art I've ever had! True artist!So, in ending, I cannot stress enough how awesome Sienna Nails (Mark :) ) is. I will never go to another salon for my nail care again!YOU ROCK, SIENNA NAILS!! Thanks again, Mark..you are pure awesomeness!  :)  :)  :) I love, love, love my pretty toenails and feet! Love the artwork!
4	I've had two really nice experiences here and think this will be my go-to place for a pedicure. I've yet to experience a wait and my pedicure lasts for-ev-er. Plus, it's a great value that includes a bonus hot stone massage.
5	Very impressed.  Excellent pedicure for $18!
5	I'm visiting from California and I'll be making a 5 hour drive every month now just for a Gel manicure. I love, love, LOVE my nails! Hanh did a fabulous job AND who can beat $23? They're funny and sociable. Nail techs in California are mean and stay mute.
5	My favorite nail salon EVER!! I dumped my last nail salon for them =)
5	Greatest. Pedicure. EVER. :)
5	I'm a dude and my first pedicure was with Hanh as a father's day gift! The experience was so relaxing! She  to put so much love into what she does  it comes through her work! Relaxing. Rejuvenating...and did I mention wine during my time? love it! Took my mom and sister there for Mother's Day and they loved it, too!
1	I had my eye brows waxed here twice, but after this last visit I will never return. It's super busy during the weekend. I came on Saturday and waited 15 mins and waited another 10 mins in the little waxing room. The girl who waxed my eye brows was in the middle of a manicure and must've been in a hurry because she tore off pieces of skin from my eye lids and my upper lip. It's been almost a week and my skin is still healing. Be careful, I'm switching to threading.
5	Tina does my nails and pedicure!  She's wonderful, I get many complements on my beautiful gel nails.   And the pedicures Woohoo! With the hot  hot rock massage .  As good as it gets.  Too bad they don't serve wine while your getting a pedicure That would be as good as it gets.
5	I love the staff the ladies are very friendly and the service is awsome  I moved form the area but i will drive for the service
5	I got a gel manicure with designs for only $30! The staff is super nice and friendly too! I went there a couple weeks ago for a gel pedicure and it's still in tact, going to wait a couple more weeks to get a new one since they did such an excellent job. It's my new place to go!
3	Went there yesterday for a gel manicure. Turned out wonderful looking. It would've been four stars if they would've been more prompt on starting my manicure. I was sitting there for awhile not knowing when I'd be helped. But once things got going it was good. I'd go back for sure. Plus $23 is a great price for a gel mani!
2	SO surprised with all the positive reviews. I have been here twice and the first time I sat and waited 45 min and had my 4 year old with me. I would have never waited if they told me it would be that long. The second time they rushed and were so unprofessional. I left paying $50 for a mani and pedi and bleeding on my hands and feet from them cutting my cuticles carelessly. I will never go back. It is small and smells really strong of chemicals and could def use a makeover as far as the interior goes. I rather travel to 16TH st and Morten where I have the best customer service for cheaper and a better job overall.
2	A friend of mines recommended this place. Well I called to for an appt so my hubby and I would not have to wait long, well we still waited 45min. They had me sitting n the massage chair with my feet in almost cold water the whole time making me feel like ok ur on time so we will get u started with ur feet n the tub, that's crapp and my hubby just sat there patiently. They were understaff and over booked. Why have an appt if we still have to wait 45 min b4 taking us. The atmosphere itself isn't the most comfortable n relaxing. There was much drama with a customer over services she wanted but the salon staff could not understand what she wanted, it was all crazy. The shop wasn't clean, they don't use liners n the tubs. I took my own nail set n the women refuse to use it, she only used my clippers, agrrrr....(I saw the 20/20 special about mail salon not being clean n how many folks r getting infections, scary) anyways as I looked around I saw trash where it shouldn't b. I couldn't see where they sterilize their equipment so that made me uneasy. One more thing I had read  (yelp review) that their towels were dirty looking althought they maybe clean, that was so true, the towels were dingy with nail polish and just old towels. I will not b going back there again and will tell my friend to find another nail salon.  Oh on a positive note the staff was nice and apologize for taking so long and my pedi and nail polish look good, as for my hubby his manicure was ok, I didn't appreciate paying $15 with no clear polish.
4	Great bang for the buck - this salon offers high quality manicures, pedicures, and waxing at an affordable price.  Lucky for me, I've always managed to walk right in and beat the rush, but this place does get pack rather quickly.  They have a great special for regular manicure/pedicures for under $30.  Offering a wide range of gel colors and low cost add-ons for pedicures, such as callous removal and sea salt scrubs, this salon quickly rose to the top of my list among nail salons in the Valley.  The only reason why I didn't provide a 5-star rating is that the ambiance could be improved.  The decor and layout of the salon could be improved to provide a more relaxing experience.  Additionally, other salons I've been to in Scottsdale, Dallas, New York, and Boston offer similar quality, prices, along with additional perks - like a complimentary tea or champagne and complimentary paraffin wax.  I highly recommend going there, just be prepared for a bustling salon that may require a wait.
5	This nail salon is the one I will be going to forever! G and Jaycee are the best best technicians I have ever encountered! I have to preface this with the story of the salon my sister & I usually go to. We called ahead of time @430pm & asked if we could come. & have 2 fill sets & 2 pedicures. On the phone they said yes, come in. We drove 45 minutes from the west Valley & when we got there, they rudely turned us away saying that their only nail technician was too busy. After arguing for a couple mins, we just left, vowing that was the last time we would ever go there. So we started our search for a new nail salon home, and frankly, I glad we did! Upon arrival at 530, when they close at 7pm, I was greeted even though every employee was busy with another customer. I asked pleasingly if they could get us in for 2 full gel sets and 2 pedicures, and without missing a beat they said of course! G started our pedicure after seating us. The salon was clean and it didn't smell of harsh chemicals. During the pedicure, G was very attentive and spoke with me in a way an old friends would speak. I felt very comfortable! After the pedi, I was directed to Jaycee's table where she prompt started prepping my awful nails. She too spoke to us as of we were old friends, joking & laughing with us in such a refreshing way! By the time she was finished, it was after 7 but they didn't complain or make us feel in any way that they were trying to get out of there on time. We will definitely be coming back to Sienna Nails as long as it's there!
1	The salon is clean and the reception is fast and friendly. I called half an hour ahead for a pedicure.  I was seated rapidly in a Friday around noon.  However, my nail tech was more interested in talking to two other employees than focusing. I am a massage therapist and I know I am choosy about how people touch me. At one point she scrubbed my shin bone with her knuckles and I told her that hurt me. From that moment, she was jumpy. When she rubbed lotion on me in so distracted a fashion while whispering to her neighbor that she kept stopping  between light/ticklish movements, I asked her to please focus on what she was doing because if she talked while touching someone, it doesn't feel good. She and her chatting partner got defensive. She did focus for a few minutes  and I thanked her. Shortly thereafter she began craning her head around to watch jeopardy while she massaged my leg. Look, I know this is not a salon at the Four Seasons, but attention and care creates a good impression and repeat business, not to mention higher tips. I will not return.
5	Great place! Everyone is nice. When I go someone greets me and makes sure I am taken care of right away. There is a guy there that is awesome and fun to talk to while he does your nails. The owner did a awesome job on my acrylics too. Don and Kevin was also super nice. They will meet any nail request as long as you tell them what you want. Great place for sure!
3	I've been coming here for almost a year to get gel manicures and pedicures. Overall, the staff are nice (to an extent); they will engage in conversation with you. There are many nail polishes, gels, and acrylics to choose from. There are two nail technicians that I REALLY like.  Their work is flawless and they pay much better attention to detail. Waxing is also available. Bottled water comes free of charge (upon request). I have NEVER been offered, nor have I seen wine being consumed in this establishment (I read that wine was disbursed here from one of the reviews). I wished! I'd probably show up more often...and on time! ;-)Unfortunately, they do not do 3-D nails here... a trend that I recently started liking. A couple of days ago I got a 3-D set from another place, but pedicures were not available. (Arrrrgh!)  So I will be coming here for pedicures only.They are always crowded in the evenings, so it will behoove you to schedule an appointment, prior to popping in... unless its during the week. I showed up out of the blue in the middle of the work day three Fridays ago, and I was treated like a queen! Not many customers was in there. Which left technicians time to give a great mani-pedi. This was the first time that they actually asked me if I wanted a design..on my fingers and my toes!  Again, I've been coming here for a year, and on a slow day they finally up-sold me.  :-)This is not your resort spa, but they make sure you're happy before you leave. ***Three stars because they have the potential to do more. Someone there can learn 3-D. Keep up with the changing times, or get left behind.
5	I always love my pedicure and acrylic overlay! Tracy does a great job and each time I bring her a design I want, she nails it (no pun intended ) I drive from Tempe to this nail salon and it is well worth it! I have been coming here since February and couldn't be more satisfied. I will most definitely be returning!
5	This was my first time at this salon. Bonus they are open on Sundays which is my only day off on a weekend. Kim took care of my nails and was a delight.  My daughter who is 10 received a manicure and a special flower on each ring finger. My nails were a set of white tipped acrylic with a surprise deco on each ring finger. The establishment was clean everyone was friendly. Though most spoke veitnameise chatter was inter spurssed with English and they were all engaging and pleasant.Kim let me know how much a leg wax would be and very thoroughly told me about how I could have my toes done just like my nails. My toenails are not pretty as far as I'm concerned.  However having never had a pedicure I just might dive right in next time we visit.pricing is very fair tip for both ladies and our nails came to 55.00 which I thought a bargain. Oh the tip I gave was 15.00 so our nails and manicure with deco and special flower were 40.00. We will be returning!!
5	Have been coming here on an off now for a year and have to say it is the best in the area!!!  I will only come here for both mani/pedi's when at home in Arizona. The ladies are great too. Kind and very nice!!!
4	I like the service. The work quality is good and the staff is friendly.  Its a small shop so it gets crowded easily especially on Saturday.  The prices I like as well.
