5	Great hole in the wall place. They take their time and do great work. There are only 2 ladies who work there so anticipate a wait. I will definitely be going back.
4	Nice place for a pedicure.
5	I've been going here since she opened forever Cindy is great she always gets me in and she know what I want I tell all my friends to go here!
4	This place has great prices! The owner is a sweet humble Asian lady, shes not pushy and she even gave me a free lotion sample on my first visit! What other nail place does that?
5	When I went here there was only one girl working,she said she is usually alone. Color options were not as large as other places, but honestly, who wants to decide between 15 shades of red. The work was of good quality, but what I appreciated most was when a walk-in came in she was given an accurate quote of how long it would be before she could be helped. I hate not having an appointment and being told "15 minutes, pick a color" and the wait is closer to an hour. Honesty always wins my loyalty. FYI she does not offer waxing,bummer. But the honesty and her dedication to quality is why I would recommend bebes
1	I came here one day looking for a new nail salon closer to home. This place was less than a mile away from my front door and I was really hoping it was a diamond in the rough! I walked in and the salon was empty and there were two ladies working there. Both ladies were very nice and super friendly! I picked out a color for my pedicure and took a seat (not many color options but I've seen worse). They started to ask me questions and make small talk about what my husband and I do for work and if we have kids etc. She also asked me if I wanted any upgrades like a sugar scrub or callous remover. Everytime I try out a new place and they ask me if I want to add a service I almost always do because I like to see what places have to offer.I agreed to get the callous remover and then she told me it would be an additional $10 which seemed like a lot to me but if she's charging double what most people do I assume her service is better in some way so I went along with it. She also asked me if I wanted a flower and I said no thank you because I honestly really think they're tacky and just prefer a regular pedicure. As I'm watching the news and not really paying attention she's painting away and all is good. She tells me shes finished, I look down and see a big yellow flower with glitter and a rhinestone on my big toe. She told me it was a gift and there was no charge.   At that point I just decided it wasn't worth the trouble of asking her to take them off so I paid and left. After all of that it came out to $35 with tip. Out of curiosity I called today to ask how much a pedicure is with a callous remover and to my surprise it was $20 for a pedicure and only $5 for the callous remover. Interesting... I can't help to think that I was charged extra based off of the questions she asked me. I also think that if someone says they don't want a certain service they should respect that. Thanks anyway!
5	Beautiful salon and lovely girls!! The were very kind and served bottled water. Great nails at a very reasonable price.
5	Wonderful shop! Beautiful decor and upgraded equipment...with an owner that cares about her patrons...and she came to the aid of two ladies with a generous donation...awesome!
