4	This was the second AF base I have been on, and so close to Vegas too!Very nice with a desert theme (surprise) there were lots of big planes there that were pretty to look at and we did end up picking up a lost airman on base and taking him back to his buddies. Alas, we had to let him go.All in all, a cool time for the short visit I had here.
4	Pretty dope base! Been here a couple times!
3	The review is for 3.5 stars, but seeing as I don't remember going to any other military bases in my life, don't really have anything to compare it to, though, in all honesty.I came here for two reasons:I went to the heavily guarded base a long time ago to visit a friend years ago, but didn't see much of the base. I came here for a wedding reception held at a banquet hall- about seven years ago. It was my mom's best friend's son's wedding reception. It was like any other hall- except it was lot cheaper for military personnel- a benefit. The room was very spacious and when decorated, looked nice (if you're Filipino, you know the drill, been going to these banquet halls since I was a flower girl for my uncle's wedding at three years old). They had the room reserved for a few hours. The parking was roomy as well.
4	City in a city! I love the exchange!
5	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (39 of 365). I have a lot of catching up to do!Dude.  This place is awesome!  They have anything and everything you could absolutely need and want; TAX FREE!I recently came here w/ my cousin who is in the Navy.  Yes, you need someone from the military to get you in. I bought a beautiful couch for $700, tax free!  I purchased other items in the Exchange as well.  Prices aren't too bad.But then I went to the Commissary.  Whoa!  Super cheap prices for groceries and again, TAX FREE!  And they have EVERYTHING!  Make sure you tip your baggers because they will load up your trunk for you as they do make their money off your tips!We also ate at Burger King there.  They have other food options like Popeye's Chicken, Sbarro, Baskin Robbins and Charley's subs.  This place is pretty cool; definitely better than other bases I have been to.
4	Nellis is a bit of a hike for me, I rarely come here,just for doctor appointments and to visit with friends.This base however is pretty good, the A&FRC offers support for not only just deployed airmen but to unaccompanied tours as well, which was a big help to me! The BX here is really nice, I wish they'd ID more people though, there were a LOT of people that should have not been using the BX, but whatever. I like the furniture store, but in true AAFEES fashion, its over priced and 100$ for delivery. The Commisarry is great, if I didn't live closer to Creech, I would shop here more often, maybe as gas prices continue to drop, I'll shop here more often. Great prices for meat and produce. I wish they'd limit the coupons here, these coupon hoarders come through here to clear out shelves.All in all, this base is one of the better assignments we've had, hopefully more is come!
4	Proud to be an American!
5	Is there a better way to celebrate Veteran's Day than this? I was excited when my friend invited me to go, I haven't been to an air show since I was a kid, it was an annual event for us to go to Miramar and enjoy. This was a great way to pay respect to our military, past & present. They offered free shuttle service, and free entry. There were so many planes & jets around to check out, my favorite was the C-17 we were able to go in. They show cased lots of different flying styles but my favorite was the Thunderbirds. I was so obsessed with watching the flight crew & maintenance crew walk in uniform & do their pre flight checks, there is something so satisfying to my OCD to watch them all in sync and fly so perfectly (yes I really did say that out loud). I was so impressed with the only female pilot on the team, she was pretty amazing. I also got to enjoy fresh kettle corn! Stellar day! Happy Veteran's Day!
5	We went to watch the yearly Aviation Nation at Nellis AFB.  WOW, what a great show.  1st of all, entry is FREE.  You cannot beat FREE.  Take your kids, they will love it.  Watching old airplanes, new jets and helicopters flying around simulating air strikes and parachuters jumping from planes.  You can also get in some of the planes on the ground.  They gave away free american flags to wave around.  Although it was super cold out there this year, the event itself was GREAT.  My 5 year old thought for sure one of the planes was StarScream from Transformers and a helicopter was Blackout..lol He loved the show and so did the rest of my family.  Also, transportation getting in and out was proficient.  Although lines to get on a bus do get long when everyone leaves at the end, they at least have a constant stream of busses going back and forth.
5	The Little Guy is into planes and what better place to show him some serious aerial work than at Aviation Nation!What the heck is Aviation Nation?  I've been living in Vegas since 2007 and sadly, I have only learned about this last year! Aviation Nation is Nellis Air Force Base's annual open house!  What makes this event so awesome is that it's FREE to the public.  It's a Saturday and Sunday event that goes from about 9:30 am to 3:30 pm during the Veterans' Day weekend.During this event there are several military air demonstrations going on, so your eyes are constantly looking to the skies.  You get to walk through a giant military transport aircraft as well!  They have a bunch of other military planes and jets sitting out that you can take a look at up close, or relatively close at least.This is a very family affair with tons of food stands available and bounce houses for the kiddies.  (Of course, that part isn't free.)Parking is free too and they are an organized  bunch here.   They have you parking at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway and the shuttle buses will take you to the air force base.  We arrived pretty late in the day, but there were still quite a few latecomers as well.  And when there was a mass exodus at the end, it was easy breezy getting to our cars and back onto the freeway.  (It was freakishly efficient!)Security is super strict though!   You will have to pass through a metal detector and your bags will get searched.  No outside food or beverages, except water in clear plastic containers.  No glass or coolers.  The only exception would be if it was for your child.  Strollers are allowed though.  Small chairs are allowed too, but you will have to take them out of its carrying bag when you go through security.  Only personal bags and small camera bags allowed.  No lugging around a backpack at this event.It can get super loud at this event with those jets whizzing by, so bring some ear protection if you have it.  Of course, you can always purchase some of these there too.We had a great time and our 21 month old kept asking for "More more" as the jets would zip on by!  See you next year!
4	Attended the annual Air Force show and thought it was pretty darn good. Always appreciate a free bus ride and free parking. The B1B and F22 were spectacular.
5	Airshow is  a great experience, very organized, it has parking and buses that shuttle you to the base.  Lots of vendors and lots of things to buy.  Always bring a warm jacket or 2.
5	It was my third year attending the amazing Aviation Nation in Las Vegas. Veterans Day 2012 was extra special for me.This is one of the best free annual family orientated events that people can go to in Las Vegas. Usually, getting onto an Air Force Base takes a lot of time and you have to know someone to get in. With free parking and bus shuttle service, there really isn't a reason not to go.The amount of technology in some of the airplanes can not be matched anywhere else on the planet. The Thunder Birds are key to the entire weekend show. They are based out of Nellis Air Force Base and perform over 50+ shows around the country every year. It was announced on Sunday November 11, that it was their 61st and final show for the season. If you've ever seen the Blue Angels, you must see the Thunder Birds.Their aerial acrobatics are choreographed like something you might see out of a Cirque Du Soleil show. There are always surprises and new things to discover. This year they had on display several unmanned drone aircraft equipped with ordinance. Last year I saw a stealth bomber up close.Aviation Nation air show in Las Vegas, is the only way to get access to this amount of aviation's past, present and future!
5	As far as Air Force bases go, Nellis is the bee's knees.  It really is a city within a city.  Their commissary and BX are a nice size, they've got some fast food options, an elementary school, multiple resources, and an expansive on-base housing set up complete with parks and such.  As it grew, they built up more housing and a hospital on the other side, with a community center that holds meetings for the base family Girl Scout troop, among other things.  Very cool. A great sense of community here on this very large base!!
5	It's an absolute city within a city. They have pretty much everything you could need. Medical, postal, fast food groceries, hotels, housing....etc Everyone is polite!
3	Coming from macdill afb in Tampa florida this base is about half the size and not as nice. make sure to obey posted speed limits at all times and only use cell phones with a hands free divice. The military police at Nellis do not play!
5	Venue:  Nellis AFB Decor: AFBService: Nice, Friendly, HelpfulEnvironment: MilitaryFood: Fast food on base, Commissary, and more Prices:  Varies depending on the venue on base Debbie Downers: One of the nicer AFBs ive been to Conclusion:  Seemed upkept, new.  Definitely had the city within the city .  If comparing other bases, this has to be one of the best ones as far as look, space, has a lot of things within.   Overall: B+ / A-
4	This seems like a pretty good base. I was tdy for two weeks.It's pretty easy to find your way around and it's not too crowded.BX and food court are pretty good. It's very hot... Wouldn't want to do a PT test here.The area right off base is a shit hole! Tons of shady people and drug dealers.
4	It pains me to give Aviation Nation only a 3.5 (4)-Star rating today but given my experience of this first air show at Nellis AFB since the government sequester of 2013, I have to do what is right. What is right is to let the people know what is up. First of all, parking was at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway as it always is. I followed the traffic from I-15 down Speedway Blvd and went to where the military personnel directed me. Where they directed me was towards the ADA bus stop which I was then informed I could not use as I am not disabled. Instead I was told to use the busses on the opposite and far end of the parking lot. Why did they not have me parking over there? Now people who arrived later received the better parking spots. That seems backwards and extremely frustrating. What they did right, or at least satisfactory, was crowd control. And at 10:00 sharp the busses were rolling. I was amongst the first to board and enter Nellis.On the ground everything looked completely normal. All of the static displays, souvenirs, and food booths were as in years past. It is the same set up as always. It must be a master plan or something. "Variety is the spice of life" is a phrase unknown to the air show world. At least they are consistant. It makes it easier to navigate the rather long flight line on which spectators gather.  Having been many times (at least 5) in previous years, I did not see a need to look so in depth at all of the planes on display. I walked the length amd saw what there was to see and took a few pictures along the way. Perhaps most fascinating was the F-35 Lightning JSF which I anticipated seeing in the air later. It is new(ish) and highly advanced. Exciting.Disappointing. The F-35 did in fact fly but not in the way I expected it to. Along with the bigger brother, F-22 Raptor, the Lightning opened the air show with a flyby. That was it. No flight demonstration as I had read on various sites. Come to think of it, there were several aircraft that did not fly that I was looking forward to. The B-1B Lancer, a P-38 Lightning, more than just two F-86 Sabers and one F-22 for the heritage flight. It used to be something like. P-51 Mustang, an F-86 Saber, an F-4 Phantom II, and an F-22 Raptor. Four planes representing four generations of air superiority. There was a lot missing from the air this year. And what did fly was not all too thrilling. Sure, some of it was cool. The Albatross was actually impressive for just a little trainor plane. But the reinactments actually put me to sleep. It was the same planes in the same order making the same gunning/bombing passes over and over again. Once is exciting. Twice is acceptable. Three times and more is just sad. Do you have nothing else to offer? The F-15 Eagles and F-16 Falcons were loud and fast and that is never a bad thing. Seeing them drop flares was kind of a cool feature. One I have not seen often at the air shows. But their little demonstration was short on variety. Where was the individual display of performance for these air beasts? They use to showcase what a modern jet fighter can do. The only one that really did this was the F-22 Raptor and no matter how many times I have seen it, I am always left in awe. Lockheed inginuity has made the F-22 one remarkable and wholly stunning beauty in the air. The things this plane can do is just unbelievable wven if you see it for your self. This, for me is the highlight of the show. I left after this and missedthe Thunderbirds. I have seen them so many times and I have the highest respect for them. I just don't need to see them perform everytime. When I am hot and tired I just like to beat the 100,000 people out of the parking lot. Especially since I have such a long walk back to my car.I am grateful to Nellis AFB and all the armed forces for opening the base to the public. And for all they do for our country whether at home or abroad. But when it comes to Aviation Nation 2014, it was a let down when compared to the past years. Orginization just leaves something to be desired.
5	an incredible and super impressive installation! all the folks serving on this installations are superb champions dominating their MOS and very knowledgeable. NO FLUFF, all killer!
5	What a way to honor everyone who has served and is serving than to throw and annual open house and air show right around Veterans day every year. This is a great way for the public to get up close and personal with the people and the machines that help protect our country. It is also a way to see your taxpayer dollars hard at work. Parking and the event are both free. The initial bus ride over will test your patience but it's all worth it once you enter the gates.  They have to run everyone though a metal detector, totally understandable.  It did take nearly 2 hours to get through the line from the Speedway parking lot to the neighboring base. Make sure to wear comfy shoes as the flight line is huge. I think we walked nearly 8 miles of back and forth. Oh and make sure to bring a folding chair too!There are tons of food  stalls( the usual dogs, burgers, tacos,burritos, etc.) For the plane geeks there are shirts, insignia, buttons and patches for sale by each of the various squadrons. Nellis is home to the best and the baddest the USAF has to offer and the home of the dubious Red Flag squadron. The training that goes on at this base insures that our fine men and women of the military get the most realistic bad guy training out there.The mock squadrons are even made up to look like the planes of our non-NATO foes.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nellis-air-force-base-aviation-nation-nellis-afb#GQY_8IkPZVHVlgOWd1gHVghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nellis-air-force-base-aviation-nation-nellis-afb#MSsy7w3FL6Uk4IcVUNqjqQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nellis-air-force-base-aviation-nation-nellis-afb#OVF7V_OfcelKtYrKxBAqjABoth old and new perform at the show with air re-enactments from WWll, to Vietnam  and Cold War all the way to our latest and greatest. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nellis-air-force-base-aviation-nation-nellis-afb#NATHmQPR0FxL8w1b6IqDegdazzlhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nellis-air-force-base-aviation-nation-nellis-afb#QzJozoyB3NxXD1jCy0khGged The F-22 Raptor everyone there, even the seasoned pilots. You feel such a sense of pride watching not only the aircraft themselves being expertly piloted and maintained, but the engineering...incredible! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nellis-air-force-base-aviation-nation-nellis-afb#6PT51EuAqEm1d3rm33uyFgIt is also home to the Thuderbirds acrobatic precision flight team. Just awe inspiring and well worth waiting to the end of the show.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nellis-air-force-base-aviation-nation-nellis-afb#V-EKpieFGS7D-h0yjWeB1AYou will leave with a renewed sense of pride when visiting Nellis. The history, the bravery and the service are on display every time one of these marvels of the air takes flight.   Seeing service men and women beaming with  joy among the civilian crowd as they share this day with their family will bring a tear to your eye.What a great day to spend the day and feel humble, inspired and appreciative all while having a fun time.
3	Potentially great show marred by poor planning, no signage, lack of buses, lack of metal detectors and understaffing. As an Air Force veteran, I expected more from the current crop of flyboys. The flying was great and the static displays were great. I never found an actual schedule or a map of aircraft on display. The website was less than helpful. Parking was a real problem. There were no signs indicating this is the Blue lot or this is the Red lot, and many people took the wrong bus back. We spent more time parking, in line for the security check, waiting for buses than we did at the airshow.
5	Once a year Nellis AFB hosts an open house for public relations and to show off some aeronautical displays of awesome.  As a fan of aviation I have attended many of these and this year I had both my sons enjoying the exciting roar of F-16's and A-10's hovering through and simulating combat maneuvers.  Complete with simulated explosions as announcers explain the complexity of the aerial displays.  Let us not forget the impossible feats that the great F-22 Raptors float soar rotate mid air and basically blow away anything else in the skies.  My personal favorite are the heritage flights which include classic planes like our national treasure the P-51 mustangs and such.  One year my favorite jets the RF-4 were flying too!  They basically rip your eardrums out.  The static displays are spread throughout and can offer much inspiration.  The sight of some of these relics can surely draw out much pride and appreciation as you see the badges of downed adversaries adorning their fuselages.  I always get choked up and teary eyed to see them.  War is ugly.  Unfortunately until we as a whole organism can evolve, war is an unavoidable mistake.  Yet without these planes things could possibly have been much worse today.There are the usual fairground concessions.  Bouncy tents, port-o-potts, beer & refreshment stands and lots of merchandise tents.  The parking is at the LV Motor Speedway and busses run continuously back and forth after the mandatory metal detector check point.  There are K-9 and law enforcement abound to assist the air force soldiers in keeping the event safe for everyone.Most of all everyone is very helpful and will essentially be more than willing to answer any civilian questions.  Many veterans from numerous previous wars enjoy this event with the public and they make the event even more enjoyable.  At the end of the day as the sun begins to set, the whole base stands still and faces to the west as our national anthem plays.  All soldiers and veterans face the flag and salute, as the civilians watch silently until the song ends. This commences the end of the event.  I gain a great amount of pride and appreciation each year from this and events like these help to restore our countries patriotism.  I salute these great men and brave young soldiers.  This is a "must do" experience for families or any American.
5	I am so glad that Aviation Nation was open again this year. I really missed it last year. So many planes on static display, many of them you could walk through. This year there were quite a few combat situations that allowed us to see explosions, and hear radio communication from the pilots. They really went out of their way to show the many planes from Air Force history. I got chills when the F22 came out. What an amazing aircraft. There were a few drones on display as well, and I was surprised to see how large they are.This is a free event, and they bus you right to the base. There are many busses running back and forth from the parking lots. Just remember what color your bus is for the lot you parked, and where exactly you parked. We had a great time.  Lots of informative booths, good food (although somewhat pricey), and excellent coverage of which planes are flying, as well as the history of the planes and their pilots.
5	Aviation Nation for Veteran's Day... a great idea to nurture patriotism.I'm not an American, but I felt honored to be able to enter the perimeter of Nellis Air Force Base.The show was pure amazing. I have seen Blue Angels many times in San Francisco, but this is the home of Thunderbirds... felt very special.There were so many fighters, bombers and other weapons exhibited, enough to spend all day.I even saw my favorite Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor did mid-air refueling with KC-135 Stratotanker. Can't ask more...
