3	Guthrie's recently replaced the KFC near where I live.  At first I thought "good bye and good ridance" to the KFC.  They have really gone down hill lately.  So last night I thought I would try this new place.  It is not anything like KFC.  And that is not necessarily a good thing.  It is really more like Raising Canes.  They have chicken fingers, fries, toast and coleslaw.  Not much else.  The fingers were about the same as Canes.  The sauce was about the same as Canes.  The fries were so salty they were making me feel sick.  And that was after brushing most of the salt off.  The coleslaw was good.  Perhaps the best part of the meal was the coleslaw.  The toast was good too.  It reminded me of the toast I used to get at Sizzlers.  I prefer the fluffy toast at Canes though.  Guthrie's is not a bad place but I wish the price was more reasonable.  Almost $8 for a few fingers, overly salted fries, three bites of coleslaw, and a piece of toast is too much.  And they don't even have sweet tea to drink.
4	It would be safe to say that if you like Raisin' Cane's, you'll like Guthrie's. They serve golden chicken fingers and the Guthrie sauce is very similar to Raisin' Cane's except here its a little bit thicker. They have similar combo deals that come with fries, toast and coleslaw.When I pulled up to the drive-thru, I could tell the person on the other end had a smile on their face. I appreciate that because it is so uncommon to have a pleasant person take your drive-thru order at fast food places. I noticed there was no one inside eating in the lobby so I assumed that a) my order will probably take a while since they'll have to make some fresh food or b) my food will come out quickly because it's been sitting around for a while and will taste not so fresh.It turned out to be c) none of the above. The food came out right away and everything was hot and fresh. The chicken fingers are great by themselves but they do offer a variety of sauces like ranch and buffalo, along with their signature sauce. The toast was nice and warm with lots of butter on the toasted side. I like theirs better than Cane's. The fries were your standard crinkle-cut varietal and cole slaw was just that-- cole slaw. I never found cole slaw to be anything spectacular anyhow. I ordered an Arnold Palmer to drink and it was good, with a slightly floral taste to it. I think the lemonade might be made with honey, that might explain the "something different" taste. It was good and unique. I'll be coming back for more.
4	Guthrie's is all about one main thing: chicken strips. They have a concise menu that includes fried chicken strips, grilled chicken strips, sides (toast, fries, cole slaw), and salad. Their chicken strip offerings include a sandwich, small or large combo box, and varieties of chicken strip buckets/meals.I went there for lunch, and had:1 Fried Chicken Strip Box ($6.99):- 5 fried chicken strips- 1 side of crinkle-cut fries- 1 small cup of cole slaw- 1 small cup of Guthrie's sauce- 1 piece of buttered toast1 fried apple pie ($0.99)1 medium fountain drinkNotes:- The food is cooked hot and fresh, not ready-to-go from a heat rack.- The fried chicken strips are lightly breaded, crispy, and juicy. The focus is clearly on the chicken, not on batter or breading.- The toast was surprisingly good - thick cut, crispy, chewy, and buttery. I found myself wishing I had more than one piece to go with my meal.- The crinkle-cut fries were cooked nicely - crispy, not burnt, and not soggy.- The cole slaw was excellent, although the portion is quite small.- The sauce was pretty good - almost like a variant of a spicy ranch type sauce.- The apple pie was completely coated in sugar and cinnamon. It was good, but very messy. The amount of cinnamon and sugar coupled with the fried dough gave it a churro-like flavor.Overall, I enjoyed it quite a bit. I'm fond of places that focus on doing one thing really well, and Guthrie's is that kind of place. I don't know if their salads or grilled chicken strips are any good, but if you're in the mood for their staple - chicken strips and fries - you can do far worse than Guthrie's.
5	Very impressed.  When I first went in to the restaurant, my expectations were not very high since most franchise places are usually a big disappointment.  Here the staff was very friendly and assisted me with ordering.  Although there is a small selection that was OK.  I got my order to go and when I ate it at home I was exceedingly surprised as to how good my meal was.  Everything was fresh and delicious.  The meal was fairly priced and there was a lot of food including a drink.  I will definitely go back.
1	ordered the 7 strip and the chicken box would not return I work in food industry the grease on chicken had a flavor as though it hadnt been changed and the size of chicken strips was not only small but also very inconsistent in size very disappointed want some great fingers go to bfg chicken you,ll love it on rainbow next to home depot in shopping center blows away all the competition
4	Last night, I went out to run a few errands and passed by Guthrie's.  After seeing decent reviews, I stopped for some chicken.  I almost always check reviews before I head into a new restaurant.  I seen comparisons to Rainin' Cane's, which I've never had but decided to give it a try.  I ordered the large chicken plate/box and of course a sweet tea.  Being from the east coast, it's hard to turn down fried chicken and sweet tea.  The food is all cooked to order so I had to wait a few minutes but my food was hot and fresh when I got it.  I took my food to go but couldn't resist eating on my drive home.   Inside was very clean and the girls taking orders and running the drive thru were very friendly.  The best place I can compare this to is Zaxby's. The portion sizes are generous and my plate was enough to have leftovers for today.  Though it is unhealthy and I'll have to work extra hard at the gym today, the fried chicken, french fries, texas toast and Guthrie's sauce was worth every bite!  I'll definitely be back!
3	Everything is very plain.  Raising canes is better.
5	Guthrie's is a great choice for people who are fans of the service and quality of Raising Cane's!  It practically has everything that Raising Cane's has to offer, but for a cheaper price.  I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of their chicken fingers and sweet tea.  You should definitely check this place out!
2	After reading all these good reviews, I was pretty disappointed with my visit...We ordered a couple "box" meals that come with 5 fingers, fries, slaw, toast and a drink for $6.99. The food came out hot and everything tasted pretty good. Chicken was moist and tender. They have a great sauce which is similar to Raising Cane's but in my opinion it's a tad spicier, which I like. Fries were hot and crispy, toast was good, a little soggy but good and the slaw was, well it's fast food slaw. For the price you get a decent amount of food. The fingers are a little on the small side but that's nothing unusual.I'm giving Guthrie's two stars because the service was horrible and the restaurant was filthy. After ordering, we were never given drink cups. We get our food, still no drink cups. I go up to the counter and the girl behind it who was running both the counter and drive thru, completely ignores me. One of the cooks in the back asks what I need, tells her, I stand there for about 2 minutes and nothing. I decide to sit back down and wait, another 5 minutes go by, still no drink. I go up to the counter again, the same gentleman asks what I need, tells her yet again and they actually start a mini argument right in front of me about how busy she is and can't grab the drinks! The drive thru may have been busy but it was dead inside with only one other customer, who also did not get their drinks after they ordered. That's got to be fixed, it doesn't take but 30 seconds for her to grab a cup and ice.The restaurant was also pretty dirty, all the tables were visibly greasy and had either salt or some sort of trash on them. With as slow as they seemed to be inside, I was surprised by this as other reviews mention their cleanliness. I'd eat Guthrie's again simply cause the food was decent and the price is great, but when I do go back, it will definitely be a drive thru visit only!
4	Been here a couple times now.  Every time so far I've had great customer service.  Considering this is a new establishment I think they are headed in a good direction.   To the food!  I got the 5 finger combo.  The chicken was cooked well, and had good flavor.  I sub. The coleslaw for a extra toast.  Which was good.  Nice to be able to do that at no cost.  The fries were made fresh.  Also had to get another Guthrie sauce cause I don't like dry food. Worth the extra cents.  As soon as they get the ice up front not much to say negatively.  I will be back.
4	I have to say, I do like this place a lot more than Cane's or BFG. The chicken is pretty juicy, and the service was pretty good. It's also nice that, unlike Cane's, this place actually has sauces to pick from besides honey mustard and that disgusting thousand island sauce with pepper and paprika in it. My only gripe about the place is the bathroom could have used a bit of attention; however, the manager/owner (not sure which) took care of restocking it as soon as I mentioned the issue. I'm definitely going to come back here when I'm in town and craving chicken.
2	I'm not sure why I've heard so many good things about this place as I was disappointed over all. For one, the place was empty at lunchtime...never a good sign. The service was ok, but the menu is very simple and limited and the staff really didn't seem to care if you were there or not.the food was mediocre as well. My meal came out quickly, but the strips were luke warm and the coleslaw was too. When I asked the staff if the strips were fresh, she assured me they had just come out of the oil...I don't think so!I will give them props for having crushed ice for the fountain drinks tho! LOL
3	Gutherie's is ok. I go from time to time when I am craving chicken strips because it is close to my house. The food tastes ok and is quite similar to Raising Cane's. I do like their sweet tea though, it reminds me of my Grandmother's from childhood. I do think the amount of chicken you get should be more for the price. The strips were quite small. I don't mind small but maybe add an extra piece or 2. Overall it is ok but nothing special.
3	The chicken strips were small but juicy and good.  I like more seasoning on my chicken.  The sweet tea, toast and coleslaw were all good but unremarkable.  The fries were regular crinkle cut fries.  The pies lemon and apple were OK but I didn't like the sugar crystals all over the outside of them. Service was friendly.  The tables, chairs, and walls were kind of dinged up and worn looking.Edited review after being contacted by Store Manager via Yelp. Nothing shady just "hey sorry you didn't have a good visit, please give us another try." One star added.  I like it when business are responsive to customer feedback.  I may give these guys another try.
4	This is a familiar place to me. I frequented the Guthries in my college town (Tallahassee,FL) so I was familiar with the food. A few things..1) they are smaller than Canes. But also cheaper. To me that's a plus.2) I think their tea is superior. Always have.Try it,  you wont be blown away, but you will not be dissapointed....both are comperable and too close to call.I minused a star because of location,  think this would do better by UNLV.
5	Fast service. Food is always fresh and hot. Menu is very simple, but that's good. Coleslaw is very good. Must get the Guthrie's sauce.
5	OK, its fast food, was quick hot and fast... chicken strips were actually surprisingly GOOOD.... I enjoyed chicken, cole slaw, fries was ok, but again I came for the chicken strips... Tables were clean and kitchen looked it also... but restaurant was a bit dated, but again not here for decor only some good fried chicken! Service was fast and friendly.... Will come back again...
3	This location used to be a KFC, I went there one day and they were closed. Drove by sometime later and saw they were putting a Guthrie's in, never heard of it.I was working in the area and I like to try new places, gives me something to yelp about, so I went to try Guthrie's.Think Raising Cane's, without the logos, they would be hard to differentiate.Chicken fingers, crinkle-cut fries, coleslaw and toast, that's the menu. Actually, they also had pies and salads and the fingers could be on a bun for a sandwich.The differences between Guthrie's and Cane's:The chicken fingers are available fried or grilled. There are more sauce choices than the signature sauce, ranch, buffalo, etc..The fingers were good (a little small), fries were alright, the toast was excellent, coleslaw (I don't like coleslaw, so I'm not one to judge)The counter girl was smiling, charming and friendly (I added a star for that) .  Much better customer service than the Cane's at Decatur and Charleston.The food, since the only comparison is Canes, it's a coin toss, not enough difference to choose one over the other. Pick the one that's closest. (in Vegas that would probably put you at Cane's, since Guthrie's only has one location here)All in all, I would go there again, if I'm in the area and in the mood for fingers. That's the double-edged sword of specialty restaurants, they make one thing, so they should be good at it. Ex. In and Out, they only make burgers, they are good at it. Guthrie's make chicken fingers, they are good at it. But, if you're with a group of people in the mood for different things, it doesn't work.
3	Just like Mary P. said, its safe to say that if you like Raising Canes, you will enjoy this place. I am not sure who bit whose style, but one of 'em sure did because their menus are pretty much the exact same. Chicken fingers, except with tons of sauce options. Blue cheese, buffalo, spicy ranch, wasabi cream. VERY unique options. Which is why this place is a tad better in my opinion. Fresh chicken. Sides were decent. But what else is there to say?! Is it amazing? No. But it's far from bad. Unfortunately this place is super far from my home, or I'd return when I was craving good chicken. Not worth a far drive for a typical meal.
3	The chicken strip, fries and coleslaw were ok. I did like the sweet tea and the people working there were super friendly. They really seemed to care about their customers. I would go back just because of that.
3	I remember eating Guthrie's all the time on the East Coast years ago.  I was pretty excited to find out there was one here in Vegas. (I tried Cane's a few times but have always been disappointed, so seeing Guthrie's made my day.) I got the box meal which includes toast, fries, 5 chicken strips, coleslaw and a drink.  All for $6.99.  Not too bad of a deal price wise. The food was okay. The size of the chicken strips were small, and I have to say the coleslaw was a disappointment! Absolutely  no flavor!  Will I come here again? Yes, but I won't drive out of my way to come here like I did today. If I happen to be in the neighborhood I would stop by...oh and they charge you .38 for an extra sauce.  It comes with 1 sauce per meal and they are the tiny dipping cups :-/
4	The food was good fresh and did not take to long but the best part was the staff in this city to find nice friendly people willing to talk laugh and give you the history of the companymade me want to go back again ,keep up the great work thank you for a fun experience T, R
4	Hard to decide what to rate this.  The coating on the chicken was lighter than Cane's which was a huge plus and got my business.  The slaw was like wet cabbage, that's all.  I mixed some of their sauce in and it was much better.  Don't go in to sit down unless you like hard surfaces.  Wood benches and chairs are not comfortable, and the staff left us feeling less than welcomed.
5	Wonderful customer service! I adored the female cashier that took my order she was extremely polite. The prices are good and so is the food! I will definitely be back!
4	Very similar to Canes. Sauce tastes the same just a bit stronger. Toast is more of a slice of bread buttered like no tomorrowFries are way better than Canes, same crinkle cut style but not so dull as Canes.Chicken was nice and juicy HOWEVER they were quite small for my liking, may have just been my box.Prices are average around 7-8 bucks a combo for 5 fingers
2	The chicken fingers taste great but $1.06 for a finger half the size Raising Canes offers? They're simply too small, not enough bang for your buck. This place isn't bad at all, but there is a much better alternative in Canes.
4	I've passed Guthrie's numerous times and today I finally went and got their chicken strips. It's really good, tender and moist. Really important when eating fried chicken. $23 and got a huge bucket of hot chicken strips! Great deal really good strips!
4	So Gutheries is the original, since it's been around since 1965 - way before. Cane's is more known locally, but it's safe to say if you like that, you'll probably like this.The food is almost identical but I think Gutheries coleslaw is better and I like that they season their fries.I always order a muddy water/Arnold Palmer at places that can make them and I think theirs here is rather good. The food was hot when I got home so it was indeed cooked to order, like they advertise.I see some reviews say they have other sauces than the house sauce, but I did not see any on the menu? Either they took it off or I missed it somehow. That is definitely something that would make it better than Canes if they do - I get bored with not being able to get anything but the house sauce. I'll probably be back and see about those sauce choices. So far though, for fast food it's not bad since it's real food not boxed up and premade stuff.
1	Yeah no... Fries are dried up. They are the frozen crinkled kind. Texas toast was buttery that's fine... The chicken I have to admit was lightly breaded... But dry and seems like its been sitting for a day. So wanted to try it. I did. And I will now continue to pass it on my way.
4	As I was driving back to my hote land I noticed a sign for Guthrie's. Chicken sounded good so I stopped. I had no idea they were a chain. Walking in I noticed they had a big screen tv tuned to ESPN, nice touch. Was greeted by the cook and a few moments later my order was taken by the register lady. Food was out quickly. I think Rasing Cane's fingers might be a smidge better but it is razor close. The dipping sauce is wonderful. It has a hint of garlic and works with the chicken the fries and even the Texas Toast.
3	Went to Guthries after passing it many times driving. First impression of it was small establishment but fairly busy whenever I pass by. I did drive thru on my visit and it was quick and they explained my options for the meal I chose and were very courteous. Paid and took my food to the parking and ate in my truck. The food: much like canes but on a smaller scale, chicken strips were small, toast was avg in size, good size fries and the dipping sauce and cole slaw were as expected. All in all, decent meal, tastes good no doubt but it just didn't fill me up. Good customer service, the only thing keeping me from absolutely loving this place is the size of my chicken strips
4	My boyfriend loves the sweet tea! Just as good as Canes if not better! Too bad there's only one in town.
3	I love the salad with fried chicken and honey mustard dressing! Not a fan of there french fries, cold slaw or bread... chicken is always fresh and love the sauce!!I like that they have more options than Cane's.... you can get a good salad or a good chicken sandwich. Not just the fingers and fries.
4	A coupon brought me in here, and even though I get my Pug groomed every week in the same center, I have not been back since.Like Jade says, this was the original, and Cane's is a knock off. Comparing the two; Guthries gives you more pieces for the money, but it's not as thick as Cane's.  Both give you crinkled fries, but Cane's seems to give you a little more with your portion. Toast at Cane's is better. Guthrie's cole slaw seems to be either better made or home made; it's better. I did like the service at Guthrie's, because I was served by one of the franchise owner's and he wanted to please. Guthrie's get's an extra star because they have a more varied menu, and consider healthier choices so you can bring people who are on diets or health conscious. They are really out numbered by Cane's and need to do a better job promoting themselves. I do like their attitude better than Cane's.
3	I really was hoping to be able to leave here giving this place a 5 star rating but honestly they were LUCKY to get 3 stars. When entering we were greeted by a cashier who didn't seem all too thrilled to be there. Sadly  I didn't catch his name. When I asked if they had kids meals he just replied back in a not so excited manner about the fact I could choose between the 5 piece box or the 3 piece box. We decided to go with two 5 piece boxes since it was two adults and two kids. The plate comes with the Strips,Fries, Coleslaw and a piece of texas toast. For the price I would say the food is alright. Personally the chicken almost didn't even look like white meat on some of the strips and the batter is very thin but it does have a nice flavor its just the tenders aren't all that juicy. The Cole Slaw tasted super gross but when walking back from the bathroom I noticed they had "Kraft Coleslaw" containers. It explained why I was not a fan as I hate Kraft Mayo lol so cole slaw isn't much different. Their signature sauce   to dip the strips in was a sauce almost close to a big mac type deal it had a very strong pickle taste to it for me. My  Mother did enjoy it on the other hand but i wasn't a fan. They charge about .36 for different sauces. We ended up having to purchase another ranch on our visit and we were helped  by Alex she was the reason this place got bumped up to 3 stars for me because she was friendly and attentive and seemed to actually care about our experience.  My daughter got one of the apple pies and it didn't come out with our order but once we let Alex know she was quick to correct the mistake and gave us a big smile!  Overall I still prefer Canes but if you are in the area and looking for some chicken this place is affordable and offers way less of a wait then canes!
3	Good Quality Chicken and sauces, Iced tea is also really good too.I ordered a bucket....just to see how many I could eat.  From the time I ordered them to the time I picked them up at the window, it had to have been only a minute; which led me to believe the chicken tenders were already cooked, they just dropped them in one more time before serving them to appear freshly fried; that's kind of how they tasted.Next time I go I'm ordering allot less and dining inside where I can verify the chicken was fried fresh.
5	The chicken and fries are excellent. Great "special sauce". I don't expect much from fast food but I know great service as I work in the service industry. The service here is the best I have EVER had from any drive through and even compared to finer dining establishments. There is absolutely no reason not to go to Guthries.
2	I'll start off with what was great, the people and the service.  Very friendly staff and fast service.I found nothing in the meal to rave about.  The chicken, while a good value is bland and the coating was not crispy.  Fries, freshly cooked were still limp.  The toast, just don't ask.  The cole slaw was not to my taste but maybe you like vinegar more than I do.I have not tried Cane's but I can't see going back to Guthries again.  The food was not flavorful and the chicken and the fries which should have some crispiness didn't.
5	The staff is always very friendly! The sweet tea is amazing, definitely my favorite! And the food is great! You can't go wrong if you come here :)
5	Love this place.  My lunch stop 2-3 days a week.  Chicken is moist and tender.  Could use more seasoning if eaten alone, but with the sauce it's awesome.  I love the amount of butter on the toast. The fries were good but nothing special.  They have the best tea around though.The service is what's sets it apart for me.  Everyone was real friendly, courteous and professional.  The food came out hot and fast.  I'd eat here 5 days a week, but a man's gotta have his beef too.
5	For me Guthrie's is hands down one of the best fast food places in town. I had never eaten at Guthrie's until as of today and it's amazing from the food to the value, staff to the service, and I must not forget to mention it tastes great. I'm not a fan of fast food I hardly ever eat out but my wife works at UHC and a lot I wait for her to get off work. One day I'm passing by the place and said let me try it. The food and staff completely wowed me and I will be back.
