3	The terrace is worth it. This is a nice place to come for some drinks and a light meal, the drinks are good and not too expensive, and the food is acceptable, although more in line for brunch than a full on lunch or dinner, lots of salads, and crepes. My one complaint is about the live music, while I love live jazz, it's often so loud in the enclosed terrace, that it can be hard to speak with table mates.
4	Jardin Nelson is a beautiful venue, with an open air terrace and large tents. Birds were flying around which was kind of amusing. (Luckily, none of them pooped on us!) We didn't wait long to be seated, managing to score seats even though it was crowded.The jazz band on-stage was good, and didn't seem too loud to me. We took a moment to relax and sip random libations. I had a glass of Orvieto Classico from Italy (C$8), a refreshing white. We shared a cold dessert, but I don't remember what it was - I did photograph it, though.Treat yourself to a visit. Find Jardin Nelson in Old Montreal by the waterfront.
4	This is a fabulous place to grab some food in a delightful setting.We went for dessert and each got a crepe. They were good - not great.The savory crepes sounded delicious, I want to go back and try them.The jazz music was beautiful and I thoroughly enjoyed this restaurant.
4	Excellent date or group lunch or dinner place very suitably located in Jacques Cartier square in Montreal (old town). They have beautiful flower pots everywhere with heat lamps and live band playing on summer evenings. We ordered a pitcher of Sangria and it was the best. Pizza was excellent. Truly romantic and hip ambience that helps you get relaxed as you should be on a vacation. Our waitress was also very sweet.
5	Ever wander around, trying to find the perfect place to have dinner, overwhelmed with options and unsure how to pick? Well, we trekked to Old Montreal and perused probably ten menus of all different restaurants to inform our dinner location decision. By the time we found Jardin Nelson we were hungry and getting punchy. I looked to the back and saw the outdoor patio and large canvas coverings and said "oooohh, let's go here!" We were led to a quaint table at the back, a jazz band playing lovely music. The greenery and flowers hang all over the place and the whole atmosphere is warm and inviting. Our server was super nice, friendly, and courteous.I got the leek soup special. It was creamy, savory, a perfect soup. I got the veggie crepe for dinner and gobbled every bit. It was so delicious. For dessert we had the cheesecake crepe and it was heaven. You have to get this thing. Topped with graham crackers and strawberries, totally decadent.Exquisite dining experience from top to bottom. Would return anytime and recommend to anyone.
4	Good food and prices. Okay music, great space in the courtyard. Accomidating staff.
5	My husband and I were big fans of this place, not only for the great food, service, and jazz but for the experience as a whole. We sat outside in the garden (after a 10 minute wait for a  late dinner on a Friday night) and marveled at the design of the place. The giant, umbrella-like contraptions probably allow for outdoor seating when it rains and made you feel like you were sitting under giant flowers. The south wall and the foliage definitely made us feel like we were in a garden. The sounds of a jazz quartet wafting through a fresh summer night definitely capped a most romantic evening.Now the food: we started with the Estivale salad (intricately prepared mixing refreshing fruit and vegetables together in perfect balance - one of the best salads we've ever had) and for our main course, had the charcutiere pizza and the saddle of rabbit crepe. The pizza was amazing - thin crust with the tastiest meats on there! The crepe was also very tasty but difficult to isolate all ingredients within (no big deal).For dessert, we shared the pouding chomeur and omg was it incredible. It was very sweet (because of the high quality pure maple syrup) and the vanilla ice cream balanced that perfectly.One of the things I really liked seeing was that on the comment card, there was a question for rating price/quality ratio. Indeed, this place had an excellent price/quality ratio! They could easily charge more, for the setting, for the jazz, for the food but they don't. Very respectable!For a perfect romantic summer evening, this is it! Highly recommended. We would totally go back.
4	Great place; fantastic patio and the prices seem fair.  Sitting out front is also pleasant in the sunshine as the back patio is almost all shade.  So many tourist traps around this area, we found this one listed in Frommer's and were not disappointed.
3	Only 3 stars because of the crepes, if it was atmosphere it would be 5 stars but I couldn't go 4 over all because they are known for their crepes.  The patio is super cool, the sidewalk dining and location is priceless.  A fun place to go, problem was we went for the crepes...I mean french quesadilla.  Maybe I'm been spoiled or eating the wrong crepes but I thought they should be moist and a bit ply-able but ours were dry and crunchy almost like a quesadilla.  I was also not happy with the quality of the ingredients and the variety of the wines by the glass both of which are not what I think when I think Montreal.
3	Ambiance is wonderful for weekend brunch. There's plenty of outdoor patio seating fully equipped with umbrellas that catch rain and heaters / fans. Unfortunately the food was nothing to write home about. It was okay but nothing great compared to all the wonderful choices in Montreal. Come here for drinks and the ambiance.
5	To be honest, we stumbled across this place almost by accident, and to top it off, we almost missed the best part about the restaurant!  There is a patio situated right onto Place Jacques Cartier, however there is an open section behind the restaurant, where a jazz quartet was playing.  The food was really good.  My wife had a crepe, my sister also had a crepe (not the same kind of course), while I enjoyed an "Italian" pizza, which I know as a Margarita pizza.  We absolutely loved the atmosphere and sitting outside on a hot and humid Montreal evening, drinking wine, listening to live jazz  and eating great French food made this a real highlight of our trip.
3	I would have probably given this restaurant all 5 stars, had it been just my husband and I dining. But we visited Jardin Nelson with our young son. From the get-go, our waiter was rude about everything that had to do with our son. We asked for a side of roasted potatoes, but apparently they couldn't be separated from the roast beef sandwich. Then the waiter brought our son cold pasta. The manager was quick to try to fix the situation and even brought us dessert on the house. All three of us really enjoyed the atmosphere, the live jazz and the outdoor seating. The bacon and apple crepe, and sangria were delicious. It's too bad this place is not child-friendly.
4	The atmosphere is really lively and fun. Coloured lights shine down on sections of diners seated at different heights.  Huge umbrellas loom overhead.  It's quite a unique space.  Live music plays at night.  The appys were very tasty.  That was my first time having crepes for dinner.
3	Came here with my cousin, my aunt and my sister.The french onion soup.  It was really very good, and it started off the meal very well-- a nice clean broth, good onion flavor, and I'm a sucker for emmental cheese.  As for the rest of the fare, it was okay.I had a veal crepe, my aunt had a seafood crepe (Newburg), and my younger sister had the Cartier pasta salad (which is really just pasta).  The crepes themselves are a little buttery.  The veal crepe came in a curry-like sauce with a bit of an orange-y flavor.  The seafood crepe had nice pieces of seafood in it.  The pasta salad was slices of lasgna with pesto and a strange combination of mango and kalamata olives as well.The dessert (a pudding chomeur) was much too sweet, and tasted like the toasted brown sugar on the top of apple crumble.  The apple cider sangria tasted like juice.Beautiful place, the food was all right.
5	Jardin Nelson is fantastic for several reasons, the first of which is that it's one of the cheaper joints in vieux-Montreal.It was hot on the sun-baked cobblestone main path and I was aching to sit and enjoy a french style brunch and JN delivered beautifully. We sat in the back garden, and we were instantly cooled by the shade and breeze the architecture of the inner eaterie. It's beautiful, with lots of garden plants and stone walls, well lit and your meal is accompanied by jazz music (sometimes live as when I went!).The waitresses are cute and friendly, and can obv accommodate if you only speak english. The menu is somewhat sparse, but what's on there is made with a delicate and professional touch; all of our food was top notch and delicious. I had the house crepe, a friend had the rabbit and another the scallopene. We relaxed and enjoyed the meal and the scenery and heartily recommend the jardin Nelson to both tourists and locals alike. Prices are btwn $15-25/person.
2	On our recent vist to Montreal we dined here and had a very disappointing meal. The service was pitiful. When our waiter was not avoiding our repeated attempts to gain his attention he was just plain rude and unhelpful. The food was 3 stars at best but the portions were stingy and the food overpriced for what you receive. The ambiance was 3 stars. The service was a big zero. We weren't the only ones either. I noticed multiple tables with unfilled drinks and frustrated patrons. It took atleast 20 minutes to get our bill and after that he ran our card 4 times before he was able to provide the final bill which ending up triggering a fraud alert with our credit card company. Never ever will we dine here again.
4	Enjoyed an lovely evening on the Jardin Nelson terrace...listening to their house jazz band and enjoying our drinks and dessert.  Great location in the heart of Old Montreal.  Although you're probably paying more for the convenience of being in the the tourist area but a nice venue.Didn't look at dinner options or prices but two desserts and a pitcher of Sangria set us back $37 Canadian. The garden terrace is cool and inviting, location is very convenient.  Jazz was also pretty good for a house band on a Sunday evening.
4	On a super hot day, my husband and I were looking for a nice place to stop in a have a cold drink.  After my husband saw the live duo play (a stand-up bass player and a keyboardist), he wanted in.  This is really a nice place to sit and absorb all the loveliness of the garden around you, and the music, too.  We were seated and the waiter didn't seem to have a problem with us ordering drinks and Jardin Nelson had a long list of drinks, which we happy to see.  My husband had a beer and I had a $10 mojito which really hit the spot.  Kind of expensive, but this is a very touristy area in Old Montreal.  If I'm ever back, I'd like to come back for crepes or some other French food.  This would be a nice place to be at any time of the day.
4	Jardin Nelson is a beautiful restaurant in the heart of Old Montreal. We stopped in on a very hot, very busy holiday weekend during the Montreal Jazz Festival. My advice--don't be impatient and sit inside or in the front. Wait in line (it moves fast) for a table on the back terrace, where mammoth hanging planters filled with gorgeous blooms filter the sunlight and offer respite from the heat. The service is fast, friendly, and efficient; the staff definitely knows how to manage a busy scene. And the jazz combo playing softly in the background is a nice touch.The main menu section features more than a dozen different crepes. I had the Jardin, which is a corn and sesame crepe filled with fresh, seasonal veggies, olives, and goat cheese. Delicious! My husband opted for the French Dip, which was heaped with savory roast beef sandwiched between amazing French bread--crusty on the outside, yet soft and chewy on the inside. The dipping sauce and horseradish sides added great flavor, and the frites were pretty darn good too!Because we had an hour's drive ahead of us, we couldn't try any of the drink specials, but the pitchers of house-made Sangria passing us every few minutes looked like the ideal remedy for the hot summer weather.
4	Great atmosphere & OK crepes.
4	Awesome food and exotic mix. But the service is slow...Otherwise the terrace is beautiful and the live concert of Jazz is excellent!
4	My wife and I ate at jardin nelson for our 3 year anniversary and we weren't disappointed. The live music was the perfect volume, the crepes were very good (I had the ham and asparagus), and the flowers with birds flitting about were lovely. Try the apple sangria!
5	Very pretty place. You're kind of outdoors but with a tent like ceiling with jazz playing. I had a crepe...which was plain...I thought they were known for their crepes but all crepes looked plain. I should have gotten what my friend had...the egg dish...which looked like it was in a casserole...MMmmmI was eying some guy who got a HUGE French onion soup. It looked like twice the normal size. Should have gotten one. Get that French Onion Soup!!!
5	One of the most unique dining experiences I've ever had. It's a building constructed around a courtyard, with wind sail overhangs that protect you from the elements inside. So basically, your entirely outside, and if it's raining it's quite the show. Rain funnels down the sails into large glass columns. Hard to explain, but VERY cool. Food was above average, but set amidst all of the tourist attraction area, it's more than what you'd expect. When I'm back in Montreal, I'm going back!
4	My wife is a huge fan of this place and she was eager to share it with me.  The great food, the service, and music add up to an experience that one will remember.  We arrived for a late dinner and were seated promptly.  The design is quite unique, giant, umbrella-like contraptions  allow for outdoor seating when it rains. The  walls and the foliage definitely make one feel like one is dining in a garden. The sounds of a jazz quartet waft through a the beautiful night and  definitely cap a romantic evening.Highly recommended. We would totally go back.
4	I was here over 2 years ago, but I don't think this has changed at all based on the reviews. This is a great place to bring anyone, date, family, big group. It's unique that it's all (mostly) outdoor with live jazz, and will always be a favourite of mine. The food is good, not the best crepe I've ever had but the atmosphere is really inviting and a great place for lunch, or dinner. Especially nice on a warm summer night. I also remember it was open late and one of the few places that served food at 9-10pm
3	Call ahead to make sure they are open. Their website says "From May 1st, the Jardin Nelson welcomes you into its courtyard seven (7) days a week, regardless of weather". After reading reviews on Yelp and checking their website, I went for dinner on May 3rd and they were closed.
4	After seeing the great reviews, I had been eyeing this place for several days. I finally went here for brunch on the day before flying home. I ordered the Nelson crepe and my bf got the smoked salmon and goat cheese egg casserole. Everything was very delicious and fulfilling. If the prices were a little more reasonable, I would definitely give this restaurant 5 stars. The bill was a little steep for 2 dishes and an orange juice, especially for brunch. the service was very good and the hostess was a very sweet and accommodating lady.  I would go here again and sit in the adorable outdoor space. Highly recommend!
4	My experience at Jardin Nelson was great!PROS:1. Beautiful atmosphere with a wonderful live jazz band. 2. Service was very prompt! Food and drinks came out at appropriate times even though it was a full house. 3. Perfect place to take anyone: family, date, friends, etc.4. Friendly employees who look happy to be there.CONS:1. Food was a tad underwhelming but still good. I had the salmon pizza which was good but lacked a certain je ne sais quoi that would have made it even better.2. You can't make reservations, however the line-up went quickly--we waited ~15 min on a friday night.OVERALL:-I will DEFINITELY  recommend Jardin Nelson to anyone.-I will DEFINITELY go back.-If my pizza was better I would give this place 5 stars.
4	Hubby and I were in Montreal for the weekend...did an entire day of biking, sightseeing, etc and needed to wind down after a nice dinner. Enter Jardin Nelson! What a cute, quaint little restaurant! I can only speak for drinks and dessert...excellent! The waitress was super nice (and spoke English) and very knowledgable about the drinks and dessert. We had the porthouse sangria which was awesome and the pudding. The pudding was a tad sweet- very maple-y but balances nicely with the vanilla ice cream. A definite plus? The house jazz band played while diners dined! The inside (which is actually outside) is heated. Sooooo nice. Would come back if I ever escape the city again!
3	This place is unique because you are sitting outside in a garden that is covered when it is raining, the food was alright but it was over priced and there are very limited options for vegetarians, and almost none for vegans.I know this isn't the right town for a vegetarian or a vegan but they could add a few more options for us. I am giving them 3 stars for the atmosphere and excellent service.
2	We`ve been here a few times over the years.  The food is average.  Service is slow and they don`t really go out of their way for you.  My friend can`t eat gluten, but they said they were unable to modify any of the dishes to accommodate him (even something as simple as leaving out some cheese was too much to ask).  Probably won`t bother coming here again.  There are plenty of great restaurants in Montreal, but this isn`t one of them.
4	Went here for brunch and was very pleased. I got the orange and cranberry pancakes with cheesecake and ricotta cheese. It was fabulous. As much as this sweet dish tickled my tongue, my wife's not so sweet dish was what really blew me away. She got a crepe with salami, onions, tomato sauce, and something else I can't recall. I was so delish. Great spot for brunch. I highly recommend it.
3	Came here last weekend and the food is neither good nor cheap. Ordered a thin crust pizza that would serve maybe one hungry adult for around $20. What you end up paying for isn't the food but rather the live jazz band that plays all night on an elevated stage in the dining room. They hit all the classics but my favorite was the Sinatra numbers. Overall still a good experience. If you're more in the mood for entertainment rather than fine cuisine, Jardin Nelson is a fine choice, but stay away if you're in the mood for delicious Italian.
4	It is expensive but on par with Old Montreal rates. But lets be honest, you go here for the atmosphere first and the food second. And it would be tourists that go here so they don't really care about the price. Atmosphere: You have to sit outside. It was raining what we went, but the upside down umbrellas catch the rain to keep you dry. There are a couple places where the rain enters the patio area but it isn't a big deal and it is kinda fun to watch the servers walking with umbrellas so not to get your food wet. Service: The service was some of the best I have ever received. They were friendly and accommodating. I asked to have the forest crepe with something other than the chicken sauce that came with it and they didn't have a problem with this. Food: Delicious and eye-appealing. Price: I said that it is costly... and it is... but it is not too over the top. It was actually cheaper than the hotel I was staying at. So for the great presentation, and wonderful atmosphere it was worth trying.
5	Our visit to this wonderland of cheese was quite possibly the highlight of my friends' and my recent visit to Montreal. Even if the food had been terrible, the scenic brick courtyard with its lush, flowering planters, live jazz band, and oversized umbrellas would've made the dining experience memorable. But luckily, the dinner was great too!We tried the brie, pesto, and pine nut fondue as an appetizer, which was served with toasted baguette slices and a bunch of grapes, and which met with enthusiastic reviews from our cheese-loving crowd. A smorgasbord of the signature crepe dinners followed - we sampled the mushroom-filled Forestiere, the vegetable and goat cheese, the apple-bacon, and the duck. At about $15-$20 a plate, we didn't find the cost incongruous with the food quality. For dessert, we sampled the "pudding chomeur," a Quebec favorite that features some sort of spongey, sweet base soaked in maple syrup and served with a side of vanilla ice cream - also delicious, though we were too stuffed to finish the modest portion, even between the four of us!The service was equally pleasant; we arrived around 9:30pm on a Saturday night and were seated within ten minutes. Our dry-witted French waiter was a delight, suggesting that a hungry member of our party "start with one crepe, and then if you're really still hungry I may bring you another," and later threatened to deny me dessert for not finishing my main course. English menus are printed on the reverse of the French, for visiting anglophones. Overall - great decor, food, ambiance, and service. We'll be returning if we're ever in Old Town Montreal again!
3	3.5 StarsThe chicken liver mousse appetizer was creamy, light, and tasty.  Before I knew it, the basket of carbs was empty!  The  duck crepe was savory, but could have used more duck.  Hubby said he liked the rabbit crepe. The hard cider was bubbly and refreshing.  We were seated in the patio and it was a nice place to take a break from sightseeing and enjoy a relaxing bite.
4	Great find nestled in the heart of Old Montreal.
4	After a day of sightseeing, we were looking for something a bit different with a little local flavor... and Jardin Nelson definitely fit the bill. Interesting crepes - our family of 5 each had a different crepe and we took turns tasting each other's dish. All were excellent. A three-piece jazz band was playing in the courtyard. Great ambience. Crepes were about $15 each. Very enjoyable experience.
4	A mix of families, dates, casual, and nicely dressed people.  Good food, priced a bit high, but to be expected in an area like this.   But mostly its about the ambiance.  A live, light-jazz band playing amid the balconies, flowering plants, multiple levels, and open-air environment.
3	We stopped in for dinner while in Montreal in search of good crepes and this place came up as a place to see.the area is tourist trappy so my expectations were low but when I'm outside of NYC, I go into tourist mode so don't judge me.The wait to get in was ~40 mins but they moved us along rather quickly.We were seated and our server greeted us promptly and took our order for drinks.  Their beer and wine selection was pretty good. I tried a Boreal Red on the strength of our servers suggestion and it was a great beer. I wish I would have brought back a 6 pack or five with me.The menu had nice offerings but we all went for crepes.  I tried the Pork cutlet crepe and it was really good.  The crepe was cooked well and not overly goopy and cheesey. The flavor was aiming for Greek and they got it right on the money with the red onion, spinach and yogurt sauce.  I've only hade crepes one time before but so far, its Jardin Nelson 1, other place 0. My companions also enjoyed their crepes, and being vegetarians, they had choices galore.The ambiance in the rear seating area was nice. Although it was very crowded, the tables weren't on top of each other so there was a sense of intimacy. They had a jazz quartet playing on the stage which was nice. If we find ourselves back in Montreal, I would venture to say that we would make a repeat trip back.
5	I adore the Jardin Nelson. Not only is the location stunning, being surrounded by historical buildings just off Place Jacques Cartier in Old Montreal, but the atmosphere in this indoor/outdoor restaurant can't be beat.The largest part of the restaurant and most well known is their big terasse (can you call it that when it's more than 3/4 of the restaurant?) with huge parasols in case it rains. Sit under the sun or the stars while eating perfectly cooked meal or dessert crepes, while sipping on a glass of fine wine.Jardin Nelson is perfect for a romantic night out, especially when the jazz band is playing!
5	I went to Jardin Nelson on a Friday at lunch.  There can be a bit of line, but the wait wasn't too bad.This place is worth the visit for the ambiance alone! A beautiful courtyard patio with canopies and, trees and flowers and a jazz combo played in the not so background.We shared the nachos ($15) for starters and they were very yummy and cheesy.  My father kept commenting on the cranberry salsa.  My mother started with the French Onion Soup and said it was the best she had ever had. I had the UnBeetable salad and found it filling and delicious. I also ordered a 16 oz pitcher of White Sangria.  It was GREAT!  So yummy on a warm afternoon and great to share with a friend.My 3-year-old was nicely welcomed and given crayons and a paper.  She had the pancakes (other choices for kids were limited to pasta or pizza). A place I will return to.
2	Completely touristy and overhyped! Pass!!!They do have a lovely patio but it all goes downhill fromthere. Food is overpriced and underwhelming.They have a large selection of savoury crepes ranging from $15-$20. Crepes came out looking more like a calzone, I think they were made in some kind of machine that presses them in half. What the CREPE????Server was friendly but was in the back folding napkins, ignoring us as we waited impatiently for water, dying in the 30 degree heat.Not for locals. Stay away.
2	Hmmm...3 words...FORTUNE COOKIE CREPES.Blech!  Overpriced and overrated.  The serving sizes were large, but the food was mediocre at best and at over $15 for crepes...you've got to be kidding me.The batter is overly sweet and the texture of the crepes was just plain odd!A note about the wait staff, friendly enough, but as we sat broiling in the hot sun, he sat inside the restaurant folding napkins while our drinks ran dry.I've been to better.
4	In the heart of the adorable and toursity old town you find Jardin Nelson - a mostly outdoor cafe with delicious food, a great selection of wine and live jazz.  Really couldn't ask for better on a warm summer afternoon. We loved it so much we went back twice in one weekend.  Recommend:the Riojathe cidercheese plateFrench Onion Soupmushroom crepe, (the radish slaw served with the crepes is SO good!).  The fish gravlax was a little bland but the salad with it was great.  The chicken liver pate was good but the onion confit was far too sweet.  Prices are on the high side but you are also paying for a lovely and relaxed atmosphere - consider it a tip for the ever present live jazz.  Service excellent and I have to give props to our server who ever so deftly suggested that there was wine by the glass after 3 of us polished off our second bottle.  A classy way to cut us off.  I wonder if the fact that my friend was posing with the ramekins over her eyes was a hint that we'd had too much?
4	On my first to Montreal with my gf we came here to eat a nice mid day lunch before walking around more and departing from Montreal. Now obviously i am one that has a love/hate relationship with spots that are touristy and well known but in this case it was worth it. I liked the fact that we walked down a nice cobblestone corridor then was greeted by the hostess who promptly showed us to our table. Our seating was right in front where they had two jazz players performing throughout the lunch playing soft melodies for all of the diners entertainment and i always believe with soothing music a meal is always made more enjoyable. Looking around this was definite a place i could fall in love with, beautiful flower bed arrangements with different colors that made the restaurant really pop, the large umbrella's which provided a nice cool atmosphere and most importantly shade, plus birds flying around during the meal and  nicely arranged plants i loved the ambiance. The food on the other hand could be improved, with such a nicely designed restaurant i would expect a vast selection, also my gf suggested that when your in a new place you should try new food and i 100% agree with that, but in this case i should have just gotten the salmon, because everything else i looked at on the menu, i just was not feeling. Had the veal meatballs style dish and it wasn't that great i'd say it was at best a 6 out of 10 if i had to grade it. But overall the decor/ambiance made up for that. Plus our waitress was extremely helpful/friendly. I also agree with some of the reviews a bit overpriced for what they were serving.
4	I had the opportunity to re-visit Jardin Nelson on my recent trip to Montreal.  As in the past, the crepes, the jazz ensemble, and the overall atmosphere were wonderful.  Yes, it is a bit touristy, but isn't most of Vieux Montreal?I enjoyed the Newburg and my dinning partner the Argenteuil....wonderful!
4	Picture a cool autumn night, sitting under a giant tarp with lush greenry all around you, sipping a fine drink, enjoying a bite of cheesecake, while a smooth jazz band plays some wicked Ella Fitzgerald in front of you.  Got it?  Then welcome to Jardin Nelson.
3	I was just tooling around Old Montreal, and I wanted to visit this place because of the live jazz and the outdoor seating.  It was in October, and the flowers were still abloom.  I ordered a pineapple daiquiri, and it was good, but the texture was off.  I ordered a crepe with ham, cheese, and asparagus.  It was huge, fresh, and delicious.  I took a chance and ordered the strawberry cheesecake crepe as dessert.  It was pretty good but I wouldn't get it again.  It was just something different, and I wanted to stay around longer for the great, open atmosphere and the lovely jazz.They aren't the best crepes around, but the food along with the location and ambiance would keep me coming back (if I lived in Montreal).
4	It's all about the environment here. I went there for an evening. I wasn't looking much for the food but their crepes were not bad at all. However, if I leave this review with one note is that this is an ideal place for dates and/or to show a visitor a good relaxing time in Montreal.
4	We came here because it was there and we were with a friend that lives in Montreal. It's a nice place with out door seating and our waitress was friendly. We ordered drinks, appetizer, and food.As an appetizer, we had nachos which were AMAZING! As a matter of fact, they weren't your typical nachos... they tasted like pizza!!! The Tokyo Iced Tea is a MUST TRY! I downed that thing in a minute and you didn't even taste the alcohol. We ordered a tropical drink, not sure what it was called and that too was good. I wasn't too thrilled with my Crepe (I ordered one with chicken) but it was still good!
2	Yes, the outdoor dinning area is nice and romantic, and the live music is great.... but that is all about it. My husband and I each had a crepe (the one with the duck and the one with rabbit) and they were a little disappointing, Not only by the look, but also by the taste and the price! The batter they use is more like a cheap pre-made waffle batter mix. The portion is not that big. It came with a little slaw that was topped with cheap Kraft dressing. And really, 2 crepes for $41!! It is kind or overpriced considering the poor ingredients they are using. If you want to cut corners in your quality, you should maybe cut down the price too. We were thinking of having dessert, but the waitress didn't even refill our water once, so we went somewhere else.
3	We came here on a hot day and sitting outside over the kitchen was a bit much.  This is a large place created behind facet of the Old Town.  It has an interesting overlapping set of huge inverted umbrellas to shield diners from rain.  Menu is kind of nouvelle Quebec cuisine.We started with chicken mousse, caprese, smoked fish and fried calamari.  Few of us chose crepe.  I had a duck casserole topped with potato slices.  Wine was a Bordeaux red following cooling local beer on a hot day.While food was ok, waiting staff was inexperienced and we had to wait quite a while between courses and a few item was missed.
4	What a magical atmosphere.  It really is all about the environment with this place, with the jazz band and all the flowers on the walls, but the food was pretty good too.  The service was friendly, and I loved the blue sangria.
4	My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our dinner. Live jazz music, an open-air garden setting, very good food and service.
4	came into town for one day after a week long cruise from boston.  stayed at the embassy suites (would definitely give it a thumbs up).  There are a lot of expensive restaurants in the area.  I was traveling with a family of 10 (grandparents and grandkids).  Needed a restaurant with a nice atmosphere, reasonable prices and good selection on the menu.  This restaurant fit the bill.  Ask to sit in the garden area, not street side.
4	Very happy to have stumbled upon this brunch place.  LIve band, nice outdoor area, and good food.
5	Stunning decor, live jazz music, and delicious brunch fare. This is absolutely one of my favourite brunch spots.This restaurant is the perfect marriage between outdoor and indoor dining. The decor is simply stunning - the unusual giant umbrellas, the potted plants and flowers, and the exposed brick create a whimsical and romantic environment.To eat I had the bacon breakfast crepe. It was heavenly! The crepe batter is much thicker than the expected paper-thin variety, but it definitely works. It's still light and soft, and the hint of sweetness works so well with the salty bacon and savoury cheese and eggs. Just writing this review makes my stomach growl.If you're looking for a great brunch spot in Old Montreal definitely check this place out!
3	After a long day of walking around Montreal, we were so tired and hungry.  There are many choices of places to eat in Old Town, but as it gets late there aren't so many.  This one was open and I happened to have been recommended by a friend.  So, we sat down.We had a beet salad that may have included the most beets I've ever seen on a salad.  Typically beet salads have much more greens...but not this one...which was basically a "beet dump", if you will.  It was tasty, but nothing exceptional.  We also had bruchetta, which was okay.So, overall...it gets an A-OK rating.  Not bad, not great.
5	The goat cheese empanada thing (from the appetizer menu) is amazing! I was in Montreal for a few weeks and we went back time and again just for that one item. Oh, and their signature bread pudding! Also amazing. I ordered a crepe the first time I went, but nothing compares to their goat cheese/brie empanada. It sits on a sublime tomato sauce and the cheese oozes out when you cut it open. Super duper.
4	Even if you're not hungry, GO without a moment's hesitation to this restaurant. It is a gorgeous marriage of indoor and outdoor dining. There is a phenomenal jazz quartet riffing on recognizable tunes ( in an accessible and fun way ). There are modern lighting installations warming the facades of the centuries old buildings which define the dining area. It's a visually stunning place. We went with seven people and everyone was happy with their meals. Four of us are vegetarian, and the menu served us nicely. I had the roasted beet salad which was terrific! Fresh, crunchy, and with beets, pine nuts, cranberries, wide planks of very good parmesan, and raspberries all atop a bed of fresh greens. There was another salad at the table that looked even more pretty than mine did (which is saying something) as well as some crepes, a duck shepherd's pie, and white wine sangria that everyone raved about. With an atmosphere that enhances your Old Montreal experience, and food that pleases a wide palate range - I highly recommend!
5	Something about Jardin Nelson is all about summer to me!  Maybe it's the jazz singers playing in the background, maybe it's one of the best french onion soups you can find with emmenthal cheese.  Or maybe because they have a duck shepard's pie on the menu that's just amazing!  Even if you order a crepe here you won't be disappointed!  A true "Vieux Montreal" place to enjoy a lazy afternoon under the giant parasols in the courtyard or facing the open square!
3	We had a nice light lunch of French onion soup, Caesar salad and shrimp in a sweet red pepper sauce that was perfect for the beautiful fall day. The outside tables very comfortable and and allowed for some nice people watching. Our waiter was very pleasant. Over all a very nice yummy break in the afternoon
4	Was looking for something different as we walked on Jacques Cartier.  This fit the bill perfectly.  I had the pork crepes & my dining companion had a seafood one.  Both were delicious - we gobbled every bite down.  Was the perfect way to finish the afternoon, sitting here with a beer & crepes.  We will be back again.
3	This is a cute touristy place to check out during the summer months.  The seating is courtyard like, no roof but large canopies block out much of the sun and they have industrial heaters to keep the area warm. It was still open in early September which was nice.  The prices are a little on the higher side. If I remember correctly, most of the savory crepes run in the $16 range.  We were there for lunch and enjoyed the pottage du jour (a broth based vegetable soup), the Pizza American (personal size pizza with cheese and pepperoni) and my husband had the Roast beef au jous which he enjoyed. The service was good although rather impersonal.  They had an excellent live band who played a lot of the standards and some Nora Jones hits. A nice place with ambiance, decent food but prices a little steep.
2	We stumbled in here while strolling around Old montreal and being too lazy to walk back to the Quartier Latin (too much time at Le Distellerie the night prior).  Of course, this was the best service we'd had our entire trip.  Would have been a gem if there was food to match.They boast about the crepes, except each one has about 9,000 ingredients in them, which don't always seem to be good sign.  Think bad diner meets French Canadian in Times Square.  The combinations in the crepes didn't seem to be too well thought out.  We started with a goat cheese soufle which was over proccessed goat cheese in a very, very dry pastry shell with tomato sauce doused over it.  Literally tomato sauce, not pasta sauce, but straight up, out of the can type of sauce.  I honestly don't remember the entrees except that they weren't that great.  Again, service was so, so good and super friendly.If you're in Old Montreal, skip all of the restaurants and walk a few blocks to Chinatown even.  I wouldn't come back...
4	Good pizza. Too many birds
4	Jardin Nelson was a place I visited last summer and thoroughly enjoyed it. There was a long line up the weekend that I went but there was so much to see and do that, I had no problem to kill time. Once I was seated, there was a live jazz band that wasnt overbearing and they really set the tone for the evening. I got myself red wine and a regular ceasar with eggplant parmesean which was awesome. Earlier that day I had a big meal so I didnt really have room to explore the menu. I will definitely come back :)
3	Jardin Nelson came up as one of the recommended places for brunch on our trip to Montreal. The place itself is very beautiful, the ambiance is lovely and the Jazz playing in the background makes it a perfect weekend brunch setting. The downside - both the dishes that we ordered were bland. We were warned that the food is not what people go o Jardin Nelson for. The service also was very poor. It wasn't very busy when we were there but it took our server forever to get water. It's good to check out on a visit to Montreal but we'd never go back again!
3	In summer it's a great place if you're looking for a terrasse.  They also have live jazz music which adds a nice touch.  The pizzas aren't that great but the crepes and salads are usually a decent bet.
5	Delicious! A friend took me here tonight and the first thing you notice is how gorgeous the location is.  You're actually in a garden eating outdoors (which was lovely on a day like today).  I had a crepe filled with seafood that was amazing and an ice cream sundae that was fresh and just the right size.  If you're in the area, you can't beat this location and the food was just perfect.
4	Great fresh place to spend a Sunday brunch for a friend's birthday. The terrace is beautifully designed with a open ceiling. You can see and hear the birds chirping and a live jazz band playing in the background. The brunch was good, I had the option of an Eco friendly fresh salmon salad, it was refreshing to eat, with a delicate taste of coriander.  Everyone enjoyed their meal.
4	Decided to eat here after walking by an open window and hearing a jazz band playing in a garden. We waited in a short line and were quickly escorted into the garden section (you could choose the balcony facing the square as well, but in my opinion the garden is nicer and quieter). The live jazz band played almost the whole afternoon. We ordered a pizza to share and it was delicious! I think they are known for their crepe dishes, so we ordered one for dessert.. Also amazing. The reason one should go here as opposed to anywhere else? The beautiful garden views, the look of envious passerbys, the music, the great service and the casual, relaxing vibe.
3	This place was recommended to us.  It is in the heart of the tourist section.  We went on Saturday so they had a special brunch menu in addition to the regular menu.  There was a band playing which was lovely.  We sat in the courtyard which was pretty with beautiful flowers and covered with umbrellas for some much needed shade.  Service was just OK.  I got the Asian chicken salad which was good but had a decent amount of ginger in it.  Also got a fruit drink (called ambrosia) which was just OK so not worth the high price.
5	House of the Rising Sun, Crazy, done very so nicely by a live jazz band over brunch (I think I like jazz now). Food was terrific. Waiter insisted I not tip him because the eggs came a bit  late.  And he comped the fish. A lovely spot. Choose the garden in back instead of the street.
5	Awesome place! Very good food! Live music! What else do you need to spend a good time!
3	Great atmosphere, love the multi-level courtyard seating with live jazz.  Definitely come here more for the environment than the food, which was ok, but did not dazzle.  The crepes are a good bet, especially the Nelson (apple, maple syrup, bacon, cheese...)
4	Went to this place for dinner while on vacation in Montreal for July 4th; it was recommended by friends. The live jazz music is amazing! The food and service was also very good - the Crepes Nelson (not sure if I have the name down right) are a must-try.The downside was waiting in line for about a half-hour before being seated (this was around 10 or later at night), but the wait was definitely worth it! The warmth and ambience of the place makes for a great atmosphere.The location is perfect - take a stroll along the docks and through the old town, then settle down for dinner at this very cozy restaurant.
3	Beautiful beautiful place! I felt like I was in Europe (ok, maybe I also needed a vacation!) with the gardens everywhere, live music softly in the background, and ordering sangria and crepes. The appetizers we had were quite tasty: shrimp with red pepper sauce and some sort of sausage thing. The sangria was eh and my crepe was nothing super, but overall it was so pleasant an experience I was ok with my mind not being blown by every food item. Dessert was good, we shared a key lime custard thing (think: deconstructed key lime pie) and some sort of bread pudding like substance. Our waiter was very friendly and tried to be attentive as possible, though it was quite busy in there. And on a Monday! I would probably go again if I was with people who had never been to Montreal, though I'm not sure I myself would make it a point to go back on my own.
4	Food is ok. Drinks look good but haven't tried them. Great live jazz.
5	Jardin Nelson Restaurant is hands down best food in Old Montreal! Everything we tried is simply insane. The sangria is a must!!!!!
3	A gorgeous space to feast your eyes/ears in  Old Montreal in Summer. Highly recommended for late night drinks/dessert with live jazz.  The full brunch thing, not so much.  Basically, the problem is that the food just isn't that good.  Then again, its the atmosphere that's magical.  Solution:  go at 11pm and get an (expensive, but good) drink and enjoy the beautiful space.
3	A local recommended this place to us while we were on vacation to Montreal. In the heart of tourist Montreal, this restaurant attracted hundreds. In fact, on a Monday night, we had a 30 min wait to be seated, and we arrived there around 10pm. Inside, the patio is absolutely beautiful, you feel like you're in Europe's backyard - trees and flowers everywhere, awesome jazz music, and the buzz of people everywhere. We expected something great, but I gotta say it was nothing but average. The waitress seemed unhappy and tired, we had to constantly keep asking for water refills, the food took forever to be brought out. there was a sizeable period of time where our waitress disappeared.The food was okay, we had the lobster salad - that was a treat. Absolutely delicious, fresh greens, and the grape and pineapple really made it fresh. I had the Diva crepe, it was okay, nothing memorable. And the rib sandwich, also okay. For dessert we had the banana chocolate crepe. When we asked for dessert the waitress looked exasperated. Again we waited forever. It was sweet, but nothing as exciting as what we expected. A packed restaurant, yet the food was just alright.
2	The ambience for the most part is great, as is everywhere in Old Montreal. Food is below average and service is below average especially for the price you pay. Heat lamps are not very attractive from where we were seated as well. Ill never be back.
3	This place is in the best location.  You are right in the middle of the action.  There is a covered patio where you can eat and take in the scenery.  The atmosphere was excellent. The kids loved the eggplant parmigiana and cinnamon apple and bacon crepe. My French dip was excellent. Unfortunately, my wife's dill shrimp pizza was terrible. It was bitter and the shrimp was over-cooked.  There are two lessons here -  (1) not everything should be on a pizza and (2) don't go to a French restaurant and order fancy pizza . . .just saying.
5	Very romantic spot in Old Montreal. Ask for seating in the back "courtyard garden." Live jazz quartet entertained us & added to the ambience & they were very good! Lovely & delightful garden setting on all of the levels of the terraces with lightly running water, full-growth trees, accent lighting & very pleasant atmosphere. Food was delicious! French onion soup was the best we've ever had, tomato bisque soup was tasty with fresh herbs, crepes were very tasty (including buckwheat & hemp flour) with a large choice of fillings. They graciously switched & gave me their homemade tomato sauce since I don't like any white sauces. Pitcher of "sangria" was very good, but a tad too sweet for our palates. If Jardin Nelson was in my hometown, I'd dine there every week! We loved it!
5	Amazing. We were seated in a timely manner considering the lunch crowd, and the waiter were always available. The food was Amazing!!! Mind blowing and you can taste the quality of ingredients. The atmosphere is relaxing and entertaining and it was a beautiful day out. Even if its seasonal im definetly waiting and going next summer and telling everyone i know to go as well!
5	It looks like we just caught this place before their off-season renovations, but even as it was, I would highly recommend Jardin Nelson situated in the heart of the touristy part of the Old Port District/historic area of Montreal.After a long walk along the waterfront we were surprised to see so much action at Place Jacques Cartier.  At the heart of this location is Rue Saint-Paul, the oldest street in Montreal, first paved in 1672!  There were quite a variety of restaurants (and many places to shop if that's your thing) at the plaza, and even a few bars with live music along the waterfront, but Jardin Nelson caught our attention because they were offering live jazz in the center of their garden-centric dining area.  We were outdoors, but the giant umbrellas (and I mean huge) overhead, flowing gardens and colorful lighting gave it a wonderfully intimate feel.  The jazz band was outstanding (just the right volume too) and the service quite solid.  I enjoyed a charcuterie pizza, which was divided into four sections, each with a different Italian meat.  Their Barbera complemented it perfectly.  When in town you need to go to the historic district, and once the restaurant is freshly renovated, make sure you stop by, particularly if you appreciate live music.
5	Located in Old Montreal close to the Old Port, this restaurant was one of our highlights while on vacation.  We enjoyed a wonderful brunch with live jazz in their beautiful garden. The menu is extensive and features lots of freshly made items and the service is attentive.  Most at our table had crepes (they are famous for them) while I had a delicious salad with field greens, beets, goat cheese, nuts and lots of other goodies.  We had a ringside seat to a 3 piece combo and lovely singer.  This restaurant is a must for a fun Sunday Brunch if you are in Montreal and nearby after April, 2014. They are currently undergoing off season renovations.
5	Great location, open air but under tents. Great menu and drinks. "Jazz" live music, not to overwhelming. Nice wait staff.
5	I had heard great things about Jardin Nelson long before my first trip to Montreal so I was very excited to be able to finally dine there. I was not disappointed.The location in the Old Port is convenient for tourists like me and upon wing into the outdoor dining area it felt like I had discovered a secret garden. The decor is beautiful, with a few tiers of terraces, a small stage, and lots of greens and flowers.The ambiance is wonderful and both romantic and family friendly. I was able to visit on a night with a live jazz band.I knew they were famous for their crepes, so I ordered the duck crepe. The waitstaff was very friendly and our waitress was extremely attentive and even started a pleasant conversation about the arts with us.The food was the highlight of my trip to Montreal, he best meal I had while I was there. The idea of duck in a crepe is not nearly as mouthwatering as the actual dish served to me. I wish this restaurant was close to home.Mid-meal, it started pouring but the outdoor area was equipped with rain catchers that feed into their plants so we stayed dry the entire meal.There's definitely something especially romantic about spending my birthday night dining in an enclosed garden, in Montreal, in the rain.Half a year later and I'm still reaching about this place to everyone I know and I am looking forward to another visit.
5	I love this place! Amazing service, food, location and love their live bands! I wish they were open all year long. Their melon sangria is the best sangria I've ever had in my whole life! The place gets crowded very fast. I suggest you wait in line and sit at their terrace in the back which offers a live band and an awesome atmosphere. We love the chicken wings as an entree! The american pizza is also delicious. Although, a bit pricy, it's worth every penny!
5	TheBestFrenchOnionSoupInMontreal(Their tartares are pretty darn good too)
4	Beautiful ambience with outdoor seating and a live jazz band. Excellent hospitality.  We tried the melon sangria which was light and refreshing and something different.  And, loved the food... We ordered the cheese pastry, chicken liver patte and eggplant forna bake.  The food was delish!!!! We were very happy with the whole experience.
4	Hands down the best French onion soup in town!  The Beef dip sandwich is pretty darn good also!  We came for a nice Saturday strolling around old Montreal and were not disappointed as per usual although we we're seated at one of the more boring tables at the beginning of the restaurant!
4	Great location for locals and visitors to have a bite to eat in the day or evening. Right in the center of old Montreal. They often have a live jazz band which I found not too disruptive if you're trying to have a conversation. A quick note that I found unfortunate is if u are ordering crepes most of them have cheese in them and you can't asked to remove the cheese. There is still a selection but expect a limited choice of crepes if u can have cheese.
4	The one restaurant a friend recommended we go to in Montreal was Jardin Nelson simply for their French onion soup. This place is in Old Montreal and the inside doesn't let you forget that with the stone walls. It's cool!All we ordered was the French onion soup and it was amazing! One bowl was enough for each of us and we slowly ate it to savor every bite. It also helped that it was pouring down rain so soup was the perfect lunch!Definitely stop here to try heir French onion soup if you're visiting Old Montreal.
4	Definitely a tourist place, but it has a great atmosphere and the crepes are excellent. The wait staff are nice and don't rush you out if you're just relaxing and enjoying the live music. I highly recommend the white wine sangria, as it is particularly refreshing on a warm day.
5	We had a lunch here. We ordered Rabbit Saddle Crepe, Duck Shepherd Pie and Pets de Soeur for desert. The food was delicious. Service was ok despite the fact that restaurant was full. This is definitely a place to come back. Small touches as maps with welcome phrases in many languages and napkins with restaurant name are adding to the overall thoughtful decor.
2	Location and music is good; service isn't, and the waitress was impolite. Wouldn't recommend it.
5	We had such a wonderful time we went twice!  Both times we had the white sangria and nachos.  Both times we listened to wonderful music for about an hour!   Service was great....as waste ambiance.  Go!
5	The food alone might not necessarily be 5 stars, but I really think that the overall package is well worth it. My family of 9 got a table very quickly because there was ample seating, so big groups are going to be very comfortable here. The service was friendly and prompt. No finished plate stayed on the table for more than a few minutes and I always got my water on time--amazing since I pretty much inhale water when dining out. They waitress also gave us a tip on how to calculate tip--the taxes add up to be 15% of the subtotal. We usually give 20%, so it's not hard to calculate, but the advice was unprompted and so honest that it was pretty endearing. We got:Duck Confit Salad--probably my favorite thing that day. The duck confit was tender and flavorful and the portions of duck and salad were very balanced. The salad had ample fresh fruit and just the right amount of dressing. I just loved every bite. Rabbit Crepe--pretty rich, but accompanied by a nice little salad that I thought cut down the richness of the dish a little. Seafood Crepe--definitely loaded with seafood and had a prominent taste of vermouth. Surprisingly not too rich even with the cream sauce and cheese. Beet Salad--my second favorite. This place seriously made me reconsider ordering salads at restaurants (I usually refrain). Everything tasted fresh--the most important thing about a salad--and it was tasty and very summery. French Onion Soup--pretty flavorful but salty. I couldn't have much of it at all. We also had a couple of other things, but I didn't get to try it. The crepes alone are a good enough portion to fill you up. It took a lot of coordination to try a piece of everything without getting too full. Definitely returning here.
5	Great spot for brunch! Beautiful indoor garden. as central and spacious, it's a hidden gem. Map out and get there. The fruit drink Amazon is delicious. Crepes are yum. Service is friendly.  Prices are moderate.
5	If you're in old Montreal, you should probably consider this place.  It's very much a come-as-you-are environment with really good food and fairly priced.My wife and I split the french onion soup (I have a weakness...) and it was a very good rendition of the classic.  Be forewarned, it's on the appetizer menu but could easily be a meal in itself.  I had the vermiere crepe, while my wife had the asiatique salad.  The crepe came on with a shredded radish side (all the crepes do) that had a mild white creamy dressing.  I don't know if the radishes had been blanched, but they were very mild and the dressing complemented them well.  The crepe was very good.  The shell was light and crisp and the vermiere filling was done well.  I wouldn't change a thing other than making clear the size of the soup.I sampled my wife's asiatique salad and found it well balanced.  The basic construction of the plate was several small chicken fillets in a sweet soy based sauce with garlic and ginger, on a bed of romaine lettuce and Chinese vegetables.  It was well balanced with none of the flavors dominating the show.  It was very pleasing.Our waiter deserves special merit.  I appreciate the French Canadians' desire to maintain their culture and way of life.  With that said, I've gotten to an age where I just can't cram a French language CD and fake it.  Our waiter engaged us in a very friendly way once he understood this, even coaching us on our very, very limited French.  The banter as we went was memorable.  Oh, and the jazz....
4	Obviously you gonna fall in love with the ambiance... Their food is really average, but drinks are unique :)Negative point: I asked if they can warm up my bread, the guy said no.
4	Lovely ambience at Jardin Nelson! The restaurant is an open air restaurant with live jazz music. It's quite busy. My girlfriend and I went there on a Wednesday and people were still arriving at 10:00pm. I had the Saddle of Rabbit Crepe and my girlfriend had the Seafood Crepe. Really enjoyed both. The hostess at the front was a bit rude. Otherwise, a great experience!
4	This place is a joy to live across the street from. On a regular basis, Jardin Nelson pipes in delicious smells and beautiful jazz music directly into my apartment, which compel me to visit it again and again.If you're looking to impress a couple of friends or relatives, this restaurant is IT.
5	Very good place, family friendly.  The nachos are ORGANIC, which is a HUGE deal to my family.  It is so beautiful to sit outdoors and protected from the elements.  This is the third year going to eat there and it is just as good.
3	This seems to be a popular restaurant and had high expectations (after seeing a long queue and returning early the next day for dinner). We ordered pizza and a pasta dish; both are average and nothing much to talk about. I think it's  pricey for the quality of food.
4	I absolutely love the Backyard terrace, and so does everyone else apparently, so expect a waiting line at all times lol. It goes by pretty fast though.The ambiance is so romantic and green/natural, the live Jazz band is perfect, the kind of band I've always dreamed of hearing at a restaurant. Smooth.The waiters are all hot and fit, which surprisingly adds to the appearance of this place, maintained and polished.Our waiter was a bit of a weirdo, couldn't crack a smile, but he was still nice.The price is pricey lol in general for the meals, but you can still find a drink or dessert worth the trip, if, like me, you're looking to share a snack with some friends for the evening.The place was so nice it was hard to leave, even after we paid our bill. Even though there was a lineup, no one ever rushed us out, and I really appreciated that! That was worth the price in itself. So take your time and enjoy the scenery, evening colors and smooth music. Lovely, all throughout the day! Ill be coming back for all special occasions.
4	To add to what many reviewers said, location is wonderful, the outdoor seating and live jazz is quite possibly the biggest value of this place.Food is alright, nothing terribly impressive, but still good. Service is polite and respectful, it's always nice to see some warmth towards American guests. Music is beautiful and the seating so comfortable, we could've sat there for hours ordering drinks. Definitely an evening place to be, though I wish they were open later!
2	Recently re-visited after coming here once for dinner 3 years ago. The terrace was lovely and the atmosphere was great. However the veggie options on the menu were much more limited than I remember (2 pizzas and one crepe). Firstly was told that the "poulette sauce" was vegetarian but further questioning revealed that they actually did use "chicken powder" to make it. Not good! Crepes were sub-standard, as was the pizza. 4 meals and all were poor/okay. Food was not cold, but not as hot as you would expect it to be coming straight from the kitchen. Would not recommend for the food- definitely better to had!
4	This was probably the best overall meal I had in Old Town Montreal. I went for brunch and ordered the Open-faced Grilled Cheese served with a summer salad and it was BANGING. So much flavor in the grilled cheese with cheddar, blue cheese, dates and drizzled maple syrup. My girlfriend got a crepe and loved it. They have a full bar and we got some bloody mary's which did not disappoint.
5	Quite possibly the best dining experience I have ever had. The service was courteous and prompt. The dining room is located in a repurposed alley way in old Montreal and absolutely gorgeous as all of the restaurant is located outside save for the kitchen. No need to worry in the rain because they have a canopy which protects all the diners from the elements. They have a varied and exceptional drink menu I had a martini that was made with orange peel gin and champagne and was incredible. We started with an order of the nachos which were absolutely delicious, the fresh made salsa included cranberries and were a delicious compliment. Next I had one of their dinner crepes which had chicken and was delicious, well seasoned and well portioned. The meal ended with a cheese cake and was divine! Definitely check this place out. Lastly they had a live jazz band that really set the mood for this wonderful meal.
4	Love the service and atmosphere! The food are surprising, but taste average like homemade. The dessert pudding is so satisfying although it's a bit too sweet and heavy. But, who cares as long as u sit in a beautiful restaurant and ready to dig in! I would come to the restaurant very often. No need to worry about getting an awful dish.
5	Quite possibly one of my favorite spots in Montreal. Set in a beautiful garden with live jazz playing, it was such a romantic and elegant atmosphere. The menu was plentiful and had everything for our group of 8 girls to  choose from. French onion soup is an extremely large portion, so if you do order that, I would recommend sharing. My dish was the Lobster Salad which was the most divine salad I have had in a long time. I would have come back to eat it again the next time I am able to be in Montreal.
5	Most people who are visiting Montreal will visit Old Montreal and this place is terrific to grab a bite when you are there. If you are lucky and can get a table outside - you can enjoy the roadside shows along with the food. In case it is cold, the heaters installed on the porch outside will keep you warm.The food was awesome ... I had salmon chowder for the first time ... I was a bit worried if the soup will smell right ... it did and it was absolutely fantastic. I could not put my spoon down until I finished the entire cuppa salmon chowder! The freshly squeezed orange juice was a treat! Crepes and salads were also yummm!Good food along with the view of tourists getting their caricatures done, juggelers, musicians etc was a delight.
1	Although the crepe was very good and our waiter was a kind young lady, our seemingly great experience turned into a bitter one when a rude Monsieur told me to walk out or throw away a partial sandwich I had in my bag that I was going to finish from my breakfast earlier. I understand if you would like to point out that it might not be allowed in this establishment considering I was completely unaware of it, but if our table is still consuming from the restaurant as well, I personally would consider it twice before interrupting what seemed to be a lovely afternoon snack, with such an unwelcoming display of service. Would not recommend this location.
4	Great little crepe restaurant in the heart of Old Montreal (Vieux Montreal).  Patio is perfect for people watching, and has beautiful flowers, music, and overall ambiance.The food is great, crepes are perfectly cooked, with slightly crispy edges. The Nelson especially was an awesome explosion of sweet and savory, definitely haven't had anything like that before-- so definitely worth a shot.One minus: the restaurant suffers from what has to be a bee hive nearby... we spent most of our meal swatting them away to no relief!
3	What happened!? This place was great a few years ago, and now all of the crepe dishes taste the same as if the same sauce is used in each one...TOURIST TRAP.The Good:- The atmosphere is still very nice with the live jazz band and indoor gardenThe Bad:-The tables were very squished, the woman sitting next to me (not in my party) and I had to coordinate whenever one of us wanted to get out of our seat-Not family friendly, no options available for children-The sauces in the crepes all tasted the same, my party had the foresteire, rable de lapin, and fermiere- we had the exact same meal a few years ago and it was very delicious then...what happened to the creamy wine sauce for rabbit crepe? Why did everything taste the same now? -The worst by far was the foresteire..the worst crepe I have ever had. It tasted like someone opened a bottle of Campbells Mushroom soup and poured it into a crepe (and even that would be more appetizing). Avoid at all costs!-Our waiter disappeared halfway through our meal and we had to continuously walk around to try to get  get another waiter to help us, really disrespectful Overall, very disappointed with this restaurant. The atmosphere is the only reason why it is getting 3 stars.
4	This place is smack dab in the middle of Old Montreal but it didn't feel like a tourist spot.  We had two different savory crepes that were both pretty damn good.  They resembled quesadillas with a french twist.  We sat outside in the front which had great ambiance and was good for people watching.  The sun and the heaters kept us warm on a chilly October afternoon.  The waitress was attentive and you could tell they were interested in more than just turning tables of tourists.
5	On my first trip to Montreal (4th Of July weekend 2014) Jardin De Nelson was one of our dining stops. We had walked up and down the street trying to decide where to eat and I am so grateful we ended up deciding on this one.We sat in the outdoor garden, which was overflowing with flowers and plants. Directly across from us was the Jazz band. The music was perfect as was the food and service. I wish I had a place like this near me.My sister and i ordered the Diva our friend the Florentine. Our meals were perfect. We are looking forward to going back.
1	Terrible service, just terrible. Before our drinks even came there was a bird pooping onto our table but the staff couldn't care less (perhaps because we're an "ethnic" family). Both the wait staff, and someone, who I assume is the manager, were extremely rude and very unapologetic. Sure, they couldn't do anything about the bird, but they could have, at the very least, let us move the table slightly, to avoid unwanted filth falling directly into our food and drinks. After a long while of this absurdity, the staff (very reluctantly), moved us to another table (inside this time). By this point though, this place had completely ruined our mood, both by the staff's deliberate avoidance of our issues, and their continued insolence. As a party of 7, we ordered a variety of dishes. Again, the food was not only subpar, but actually unenjoyable. In fact, we all concluded that we had had substantially better food elsewhere. Overall, not going back. Somehow, their blatant ignorance of our concerns during the service, and the unapologetic 'gtfo' attitude towards us (and to no other patrons present there at the time) is quite evident of a very bigotedly racist attitude embodied in this rather unremarkable eatery. As a paying customer, it's disappointing to be treated as a 'lesser person' in this day and age.
5	Loved everything about our experience at this restaurant, the music, the flowers, the heat lamps.  There is a video on YouTube of the restaurant parasols being opened at the start of a day.  Absolutely incredible.  My husband I each had a crepe.  I don't remember which ones but remember they were tasty. We shared a pitcher of the Apple Cider Sangria which I highly recommend. It's built on a white wine and high quality apple cider.  Great option for those who don't favour red wine.We'll definitely eat there again the next time we're in Montreal.
5	Went on a Sat. night in July. Romantic. Dimly lit at night. Great for groups. Bustling scene. An elevated stage where a jazz band performed. Seating out by street level,indoors and out back with high ceilings. Food was good. Would return.
5	Worth the wait! We loved this place! Amazing atmosphere, great food and solid service. What more can you ask for? Sure, there are cheaper restaurants in the area but you will not be sorry to spend the little extra.
