5	Brenda and her team are amazing.  They do excellent work and they really go above and beyond with customer service.  Go see them for all your logo'd items.
5	Our company has used Brenda at Embroidme for several items. We couldn't be happier with her prices and her service. Thanks Embroidme!
5	Very extensive product knowledge & selection.  Tim & Brenda are extremely helpful, and will work with you to make sure your finished product is exactly what you had imagined!
5	I learned very quickly that EmbroidMe is the place to get all your promotional items! Brenda and Tim are always willing to show new products; which in my world is VERY helpful. They help you think outside of the box for your business, providing AMAZING customer service. Stop by and see what products EmbroidMe has for your business, but also for any personalized gifts you want to give. They are a one stop shop!
5	We have used EmbroidMe Phoenix for 3 years now and use them exclusively for our work tees, and logo'd sport shirts, as well as some of their promotional products. Tim & Brenda always deliver on time at a reasonable price, and truly care about helping us make good decisions for our particular business. I feel as though they are part of our marketing team and recommend them to anyone "needing to be remembered".....Remember EmbroidMe-Phoenix!!
5	If you aren't using EmbroidMe with Brenda and Tim you are missing out on a fabulous experience.  And I mean Experience!  Brenda and Tim will help you find the perfect gift, get it personalized, and then help you look like a Hero!THANK YOU Brenda and Tim of EmbroidMe! :)
1	SO EXPENSIVE! I brought in 2 Toddler t-shirts and an infant onsie to be monogrammed. Being from the South, I am very familiar with monograming prices and expected to pay more now that we live in "the big city." BUT NOT $32 AN ITEM!! $16.95 to monogram and then another $15 setup fee! I immediately left and went to another Valley embroidery shop minutes from there and paid $10 an item.
5	Trust Tim & Brenda to handle all your embroidery needs.  They have embroidered multiple items multiple times for my business, and the transactions are always flawless.  They also do screen printing which may be an option we use in the future.  Thanks Brenda and Tim treating me like close family!
5	Good prices
