4	Hotel Indigo is a fairly new hotel in Edinburgh (opened earlier this year). The hotel is within a brisk 10-15 minute walk from the central station in Edinburgh (on the New town side of the city). Location is good so easy to walk to many of the parts of the city center. The hotel faces the rather busy York Place but we were never disturbed by any traffic noise or such but we were on a high floor.The check-in procedure was a bit slow (only one person handling check-in) but it was friendly enough. It was however apparent that it was a new hotel as it also appeared as if things were new to some of the staff. There was a concierge that actually insisted on following us to our room - in general I prefer to be left alone and tried to hint at that but with no success (would have helped more by having two people handling check-in).The room was however nice, fairly spacious and new. Design was perhaps not what I would have selected for home but pretty good to be a hotel. Big plus for the minibar being free - not a huge selection of things but a few sodas, snacks and water so very nice little extra perk. We also received a welcome tray of fruits and chocolate.Otherwise the room had everything one would expect from a 4 star hotel (desk to work at, safe, iron, ironing board, TV, free wifi, coffee/tea making facilities)  and the bed was very comfortable to sleep in. The bathroom was new and clean. No bathtub but I can live without that - did however like the fact that they put in speakers in the bathroom so possible to listen to the TV while in there.The hotel also offers a nice fitness center with new machines. I did not try to restaurant but they tried sell it very hard - would however instead go for the excellent restaurant by Mark Greenaway that is just 2-3 minutes away from the hotel.
4	Great hotel and wonderful staff.  New hotel opened in 2013, this trendy hotel from ICH hotels does not disappoint.  Great modern design, comfortable rooms, free mini bar (no alcohol), Aveda bath products.  The staff was beyond helpful with recommendations both in Edinburgh and the rest of Scotland.
4	A modern hotel near the heart of Edinburgh's oldest sights. The staff were extremely helpful and our experience there was well worth the money. Their complimentary mini bar was a nice treat as you'll always have a few beverages or snacks to enjoy after a long day seeing sights about the town. I found the shower to be a little colder than what I'd prefer but I would certainly stay there again. 10-15 minute walk from the castle.
4	A very nice if somewhat simple hotel. The room as fine with nice furnishings, a very comfortable bed and a great bathroom.  Sadly my king room had an outlook of nothing and as almost no sunlight came through the window it was almost like being in a windowless room. The free minibar is a nice touch, but a shame there are no alcoholic beverages in the room.  Ordered room service which was expensive, cold and plain accompanied with a boring selection of beers.  Give this a miss if you stay. Not as glamorous as you would expect for the price and the many hallways and staircases take away from the luxurious feel.  Probably more suited to business guests than those wanting a romantic weekend getaway in beautiful Edinburgh.
