1	Horrible experience with this agency and its owner! Moved to Scottsdale, AZ recently and was looking for personal medical coverage and found Healthinsuranceaz online. Spoke with the owner Ed Husarcik at the end of February 2014 requiring coverage by March 1. He assured me if I signed up through his agency my coverage would begin March 1, 2014. Most of what Husarcik communicated to me was misleading or outright untrue. This agency and its personnel will do anything and say anything to procure your business. After signing up for the policy through this agency, I was notified by the insurance company that my coverage could not begin until March 15, 2014. That would leave me with no medical insurance for two weeks. I contacted Ed Husarcik who admitted he had misled me and that he would cover the cost of the two weeks coverage prior to my policy taking effect. Not only did he fail to do that but when I asked him about specifics of the plan I had purchased, his responses were wrong. He had no idea about any particulars of the plans his agency is selling.Healthinsuranceaz is dishonest, will mislead you and are unfamiliar with the particulars of the policy they are selling. I am preparing to contact the Better Business Bureau to file a formal complaint against's Husarcik and Healthinsuranceaz. I ultimately dropped the policy with their agency and contacted the insurance company's sales department directly. They did a tremendous job and had me signed up in no time.Beware of dealings with Healthinsuranceaz and Ed Husarcik!!
5	After tons of confusion & trouble with the marketplace just trying to get My family insured I was on the brink of a breakdown. I expressed my frustration to a friend & she referred  me to healthinsuranceaz. I called them & talked to Ed. He was so knowledgeable & helpful. He really took the time to explain the policies that would be good for me & got me a better rate than I could get on the marketplace. I was really impressed with  his service & loved that he had a direct line in an office rather than having to dial a toll free number hold for 20+minutes & get continually transferred to not get my questions answered. I seriously couldn't believe they don't charge extra for their business, although I would have been willing to pay more to have the relief this company provided. They made it really easy to get insurance.
5	What a wonderful experience with Health Insurance AZ! Helped save me a great deal of money by explaining my options in detail and finding me the best policy for my needs and tailored to my situation. Extremely knowledgeable and up to date with the current insurance marketplace. Would definitely recommend to anyone looking to change their policy or find a new one.
5	Ed and Carrie care! I'm a Sole Proprietor business and Carrie always updates me with options via email in a changing marketplace. I've known Ed and his wife for years and their integrity is of the HIGHEST level. I highly recommend them! Bruce BoeppleWestern Data Processing
