5	We were there a few months ago, but I forget to write a review.  Anyways, my hubby brought in his bike for a work over (new tubes, gears check, etc).  They took the bike and was done in a couple of hours.  WOW!  We thought it was going to be the next day or so before the bike was done.  They were friendly, fast, and awesome!
1	I am an avid cyclist and know what exactly what I am in need of. . . With that being said, I really hated the condescending attitude of the mechanic who tried to convince me that SRAM and shimano were completely interchangeable and there was no difference between the two when it came to drivetrain components. . . .walked out and will never go back. If I were running the store I would ask a few more questions to potential customers before trying to sell them something. . .their team riders have the same attitude at events, should have known better. Go up the road to the Trek store or to Slippery Pig in Phoenix.
5	Note: Sadly the Avondale location has closed so don't give a bad review for that! The good news is all the team is still doing the same great job at their Scottsdale and Mesa locations. It's worth the drive for the best.So glad I found the team at DNA Avondale. I've been to MANY bike shops trying to keep my Walmart Mt Bike going. DNA did the job so I could commute to & from work thousands of miles. I no longer needed to "call around" for best price. The work quality and expertise was better than I could have done myself.Time came that I outgrew my old bike, always dreamed about someday getting a new Specialized, and knew the place I'd go to make it a reality. Again they gave me the best price in town. It arrived in just a few days and is spectacular. The fitting was very thorough and Ted made follow up fine tuning for a truly personalized fit. When I got my shoes & pedals, again, they made sure it was set up right.Now that we have 1,400 miles on the Allez I'm happy to report the maintenance, service and accessories are all still great. The few minor warranty issues were fixed right the first time in a very speedy manner.  Truth be told, I sometimes just go there to say hi and ogle the newer better bikes. I don't know which Specialized will be my next dream bike, I don't know when, I do know where: DNA Avondale! A+++++
1	I'm a novice biker and felt this store's condescending attitude was nauseating. I bought a comfort bike for my mother and when I took it back in for a tune-up I was treated with a pugnacious technician who interrogated me for my request for service and acted put out that I wanted to leave the bike for the day.I also considered buying a more expensive mountain bike, but after this small shop treated me like I was an idiot when asking questions on things, I went to Slippery Pig and gave them my $1000. My friend who also wanted a bike was not impressed with this store's attitude and bought a $1200 bike from Slipper Pig in Phoenix.I will say there was one technicians who was very friendly, knowledgeable and had good customer service. The guy who thinks he's Brett Michaels is just a jerk and should not be dealing with customers. Overall, I'm disappointed that I cannot use this shop as it's so close to my house, but they don't deserve even the cost of a tune-up, let alone several thousands of dollars in sales.If you live in Avondale, Goodyear or Litchfield, go the extra distance to Slippery Pig in Central Phoenix. The owner, Eric will help you find the right bike for your skills and there is no condescending attitude about your level of knowledge or riding abilities.
3	Part took forever to arrive
