5	Even if you lose your money and pants in Vegas, bakery lovers will find a winner here. Sweet Deligts is a new, friendly family run European style bakery in North Las Vegas. I'm rarely wowed by the food choices north of Sin City. But Sweet Delights is sinfully yummy. Most sweets here are tasty enough, not too much sweetness. So I was probably going to give this place 4 stars. The clincher for me was the average $1.75 price which is about $1 less than they would cost at most LA/OC bakeries. The relatives and I shared:Eclair - A classic, dark chcolate ribbon piled above the chou puffed pastry and filled with a creamy custard fillingCream Puff - round chou prasty with a layer of whipped cream and a layer of custard fillingKey Lime tart - My favorite.  It's a rich lime green color and taste, slightly tangy with balanced sweetness in cookie pastry with dollop of whipped creamCanoli - egg-pasta crust fulled with a chocolate chip and brown sugar flavored cream fillingGuava cheese pastry - guava preserves with cream cheese in a light square shaped pastry crustCream Cheese pastry - long cylinder pastry crust with soft whipped cream cheese with a hint of sugar, drizzled with a very light glazeStrawberry Cream roll - a slice of a strawberry jelly roll with almond paste and almond slices on top of light frostingDutch Apple tart - a creamy, apple filling mixed with almond paste in a cookie crust topped with frostingBeef pastry - just okay, salty and tomatoey, not enough beef filling, the chicken pastry is better.Come early and some of the stuff is still warm. Everything was good except the beef pastry. All in all, I hope they're around for awhile. They also have cupcakes, cookies, wedding cakes, artisan (I hate that word) type bread and some donuts. I only sampled the apple fritter, a lighter, less greasy version than most places serve. I wish they were in OC, I'd definitely be going every week at least. Just don't tell my doctor, the anti-sweet, kill joy kind of doctor who's always trying to make me geat more broccoli and beets and less of bakery goods and sweets.  If he were ever up here, though I bet he'd sneak in and have an item or two to eat out of the sight of his patients.
5	The best bakery in vegas bar none. The food is always fresh and the staff is always friendly! When you say above and beyond this is the place that comes to mind! The sweets are highlighted by the HUGE apple fritters and something called a whoopie pie!! The prices are always right and the food is always amazing! Don't like sweets? Not a problem!! The ham & cheese croissants are to die for! But you better get there early!! Those puppies are gone quick, and with good reason, they are best in vegas! Don't believe me? I dare you to find better :)
3	In the area an found this place on yelp. Little bakery in a warehouse looking building.  Service was really friendly . The display case was little , there were no name tags on pastries or prices. We bought 2 eclairs, 2 lemon tarts, 1 bread pudding square , 1 chocolate cake sandwich thing filled w/ whipped cream and 1 loaf of challah bread, for $18 .        The lemon tart was good . Filling was like a lemon curd and the crust was a typical short bread cookie tart crust.  Wife loved the eclairs , custard filled .  The bread pudding was thick and dense like u would find in a Mexican bakery, it was very good had an alcohol flavoring , maybe rum , not sure but I like it . The chocolate sandwich thing w / whip cream was moist and good .  I also had a taste of the challah bread so I could write this review, boy the things I do to get my reviews out, anyway bread was very soft and has a nice sweetness to it . If I lived anywhere this bakery I would buy this bread on a regular bases. The counter girl maybe owner? Said they would b making bagels soon too . Overall i like the bakery and would luv to go back and try the things I missed .
5	I love.this place it bring back.to my childhood back east I would have never thought I would find a family run place with a great bread n pastries I can't wait to go back
5	Mmmm.... This was a great little hidden gem of a bakery shop.  Kinda tucked away in a small shopping center, I wouldn't have seen from the street, it was just a small sign that had one word, "bakery" at the street, so we only found it by doubling back to the small shopping center and driving around until we found it.  We were greeted very warmly as we entered, and began to drool over all the goodies displayed in the case.  There wasn't a very large selection, but what I saw look delicious.  Right way my eyes caught the lemon tart, it went in the box, next I spied the cream filled, chocolate covered eclairs and we picked up a couple of those.  The staff told us that they were the most popular and wanted to know how did we hear about the shop, we told her, yelp search of course!We continued to make our selections, my husband loves bread pudding and they had a very thick heavy looking one and a stuff whip cream chocolate cookie sandwich.  There were a few different types of cup cakes, but I didn't feel like cup cakes today.  There were several different shelves loaded with different types of fresh baked breads and we picked up a Challah loaf.  It smelled great, felt soft and would end up making a great tuna sandwich my husband made me for dinner the next night.Overall, the "sweet delights" we picked up were great, it's nice to know that I would go back for more, but I just hope I could find it again.
5	If I lived near this place, I'd be a diabetic. I'd probably eat dessert and maybe I'd have room for a healthy meal I'd be a happy, smiling,yelping  and sweet toothed dude!  But my doc, the everlasting kill joy, told me "Everything in moderation."  Exept here the stuff is so good, I'd eat this stuff in moderation times 2..Everytime I visit relatives in Vegas, this is a must stop. This is the first time I've been here since they moved to this new building right across from the Cannery Casino right off the 1-15 on Craig Road.  The old location, while convenient for North Vegas customers near the Aliante Casino, supposedly had an unpredicable oven.  And that is as bad as a barbecue without fire or canoeing in shallow water.  So these new digs have reliable electricity for their ovens.  It's also bigger in the front area, so  they can offer a few places to sit down and eat a delicious lunch, such as their pizza, soda, and sandwhich combo for $6.00.  I love their Cuban Foccacio Pork Sandwhich. With a slice of ham and baked pork, some pickle and Swiss Cheese, it is grilled with butter so there is some sweet and sour, crunchy and soft, meaty, and nicely aromatic.  But I came here for dessert.  As usual,a I had the bright green lime cream tart, slice of flan, a very fresh fruit tart, and vanilla cake with frosting.  Yet, even better than the dessert might be the Cuban bread.  People drive from miles around to have this lightly sweet, soft dough and crisp french bread.  If you heat the loaf before slicing it, the subtle flavors come through and the crust gets crisper. The loaves are big, and only  two bucks plus change for a loaf.The staff is friendly, and service is good.  You might have to wait for a sandwhich, so be patient. They supposedly make awesome cakes, too.
2	Would have loved to try this place. They were constantly closed on Sunday mornings, like at 9am...what bakery does that?!"LUNCH SPECIAL" in their window...and they were closed.So the wife and I gave up.Now its turning into a pizza shop (again), we'll see if they survive, this is the 3rd business it has been in 2 years
