4	The idea of customizable  Italian food really appeals to me. I can have whichever veggies on my pasta that fits my mood that particular day. ANd what's more awesome is that I'm feeling less adventurous, I can just pick a pre-made entree. Oh, and did I mention that the tiramisu is absolutely scrumptious here? I think it beats Moonstruck's!One more thing about this location.. it's across the street from the Marketplace mall! What a great way to end a trip to the mall!
1	Honestly I really don't know why people like this place so much. It's incredibly overpriced for smallish portions, and just watching them make the food, you can tell not much thought goes into it and it's all just thrown together. Even the pasta is preboiled and just thrown back into the sauce. A robot could cook here and nobody would notice a difference. Save your money and eat somewhere else. The only good thing about this place is the tiramisu and the cheesecake, and Za's doesn't make either of these themselves. Skip this place!
4	I really like the food at ZA's.  I've read other reviews complaining about portion size and being over-priced.  But honestly, I disagree.  In fact, I basically disagree with this nation's view on portion size completely...but that's another subject for another time.This place offers something unique in that you get to choose what style of meal you want.  When you walk in there are 4 separate menus: Pizza, Panini, Salad & Pasta.  They also have a Soup and Kids menu.  To these you can also add whatever your little heart desires like garlic bread, soup, toppings, etc.  I also saw some nice looking dessert options (Cheesecake, Tiramisu, etc).  You mark what you want, then take your menu to the counter and pay (don't forget to get a drink!  It's not listed on the menu and everything is ala-carte).Granted, it can be intimidating on your first visit since you won't be familiar with their selection options.  But there is space to stand aside and choose without feeling "rushed".  And for a preview of their menu, go to "http://zasitaliancafe.com/" ahead of time.Something I learned from their website is that you can print the menu of your choice on-line and make your choices before you come in.  Or (if you have 5 or more orders) fax in your order ahead of time.  Great for avoiding the lunch-hour rush.Now let's talk food: I LOVE the Chicken Carbonara sandwich.  Comes in 2 sizes: Traditional (large) and Thin (1/2 portion).  Nice thing is that prices vary based on size, not what TYPE of sandwich you get.  I've also had Barbecue Chicken Ranch Pizza and Sausage & Cheese Pizza.  They are small (9" thin, cut into 6 slices) but mighty tasty.I say it's good for groups, but it really depends on the individual restaurant.  This one on Neil St. has a back room that is partitioned off and made more private from the rest of the main dining area.  Can get a tad noisy, but as a free meeting space, I'll take the noise!Overall, I have come back time and time again.  I really like the food.  I can eat by myself for under $8 and feed my family of 3 for right around $25.  Don't be intimidated, give ZA's a try next time you're in Cham-bana.
4	I've been to the on-campus Za's countless times over my years in Champaign and have always enjoyed it. Food portions appear to be fair for the price, there are decent vegetarian options, they fill out orders quickly, and the selection is a good balance of flexibility and ease. The stand-alone Za's was of similar quality.
2	At least the atmosphere is fun, because the food stinks!  The only reason I'm giving two stars is the delicious iced green tea.  I ordered a pasta with lemon butter, artichokes, spinach, broccoli, and fresh garlic, but as far as I could tell, the lemon butter was supposed to make up for the lack of vegetables.  Please give me more than six leaves of spinach and five small broccolis for a whole plate of pasta!  Norm P.'s food was even worse.  It was swimming in sauce to the point of being disgusting and he couldn't even finish it.  All in all, come for the drinks but not for the food.  I could make this same meal at home for less than a dollar, and it would taste much better.
5	Like any other Za's: excellent. Great location if you're in this area.
4	Great food. Love to go there when I'm craving a toasted sandwich. Love how you can get salad and soup as well!
3	Nice, more upscale feeling fast casual food. It has the potential to be pretty great but this location is a bit inconsistent with their food. The interior is nice though.
4	Yummy food, many choices of iced tea, reusable cups (with discounts), and fairly decent prices.  I like that it's an order-at-the counter type place, and the seating/atmosphere feels like a regular sit-down restaurant.I had the Mama's Broiled Tomato panini with pasta salad on the side.  It was reeeeally good.  I have no complaints.  It was flavorful and filling.  I also drank about 5 full cups of iced tea while my boyfriend and I played Scrabble.  So, I was perfectly happy with my food and drink.My boyfriend had a slightly less satisfactory experience.  He ordered a coffee with his meal, and the guy behind the counter said he'd have to brew some.  Ok, so we waited for our food to be ready and 10 minutes later my boyfriend went back up to get his coffee.  Not only was it COLD but it was also extremely watered down.  I don't know what happened but apparently the staff here don't know how to brew coffee.  The guy was nice about it and just gave us another regular drink.  But still, how is it even possible to mess coffee up that badly?Za's isn't in a particularly convenient location for me to visit it very frequently, but I'm sure I'll find some excuse to come back.  I want another one of those broiled tomato paninis...
2	I should have taken my food back to be reheated.I ordered an everything pizza on pizza bread but not all of the cheese was melted and the green peppers and mushrooms were sprinkled freshly onto the already warm bread.Otherwise, good place to hang out during off-peak (lunch/dinner) times. Large menu.
4	Ate here before the Illinois Marathon, so needless to say, me and my group ate a lot of food. The food itself is probably only 3-stars (A-Okay), but the fact that it's so inexpensive gives it another star for me. I love Italian food and sometimes I don't need the white tablecloth, the server with the green button or even Euro prices. I just need carbs and Za's did it for me. We had a few desserts, which were great. My wife got the creamy chicken pesto, which actually wasn't that good. I got the lasagna, which was probably 3 stars, but again - it was quick, easy and cheap. That's what Za's promotes and that's what it is. I'd go back.
2	The employee handled my food with her bare hands and then put a plastic covered fork inside my box on top of my food.  This is not sanitary!  Please train your employees.
4	The restaurant itself has almost a casual cafeteria vibe, but I go there every time I pass through the area. The food is quick, cheap and DELICIOUS. The portions are great as well. I have only ordered one thing, but I've tasted a lot of friends' meals. Everything is top notch. Delivery + drive through as well.
4	Good value. Starting at the register I had friendly and courteous service, which in today's world, is not so c'mon anymore.
4	Za's is good food for about the right price I'd say. That's really all you can ever ask from a restaurant. They got an incredible renovation after the fire - the upstairs rooms are now larger and filled with massive HDTVs playing music videos and the entire restaurant is now super clean which is a bonus for sure.My go to is the Mac & Cheese with Buffalo Chicken. It's incredibly filling for sure, you definitely get your money's worth with this order and the flavor is superb. I admit I find myself wishing for a bit more buffalo chicken but I love the flavors so much it's still my go-to order. It also comes with some garlic bread which is good for mopping up the leftover cheese sauce. I've also had their sandwiches and pizzas (the BBQ chicken's pretty good) and been satisfied with whatever choice I make.The customizable options on the food are good because you end up getting what you want, but they can seem to nickle and dime you. Pick you entree and then add a meat for a few bucks, add a sauce for another buck, add a drink for a few bucks, add etc for a buck....just something to be aware of when making your meal.Solid 4 star restaurant though.
3	Not too thrulled with they food. Pizza wus aight. I would not rite home to brandine about it. U have to rite down wut u want on a peece of paper and give it to the lady. I dont rite so good. But I do my best. U got a problem wit me?
4	I didn't go to U of I, but when I am in that area, I demand to stop here! The line is facilitated well with menu cards to check off what you want, and the meal will be ready, hot and fresh in 10-15 minutes. The food is awesome! I've tried pizza and some sandwiches and have not been disappointed. Prices are college-kid friendly. It's like an italian Panera, but x100 better!
4	Restaurant reviewI am glad that I am back by Za's after moving back to Champaign. This was my favorite place to eat at on campus when I was a medical student. Now that I am back I have found out that there are multiple locations which works out well. I tried this other location before the springfield avenue. Very similar experience. The prices are actually cheaper than when I was here for college due to a modification in the menu. For the pasta you get to select from multiple types and sauces with 4 toppings for 5 dollars. The premium protein items i.e shrimp, meatballs, chicken will run you a dollar more each. The food is prepared quickly, however I don't know if they changed it now to use a convection oven/microwave to nuke your toppings which is one down side. This is then added to a pan with the sauce and served quickly. You also get a nice piece of garlic bread. All and all this is better than McD and for the same price. There are also other options such as pizza, salads, sandwiches etc. I have never strayed from the pastaPro: inexpensive, quick, large portionsCons: microwaved toppings (i guess you get what you pay for)Hidden gem:Sign up for the perka app. You need to check in and tell the cashier so they can give you the punch to earn free food. I did not realize this and ended up not getting my first check-in. You can't just check-in which makes sense or people would abuse the system
3	Made to order pizza and sandwiches. Great alternative to endless chain restraint food
