3	Took the kids here for lunch while we were on our way to the Touch A Truck event a few months ago.It's your standard franchise restaurant which seemed to be running smoothly, despite being opened recently.One note is that the person at the counter taking the orders struggled to take the order, but that is to be expected with a newly opened store.
3	Not big on flame broiled but we were in the area and needed something to hold us until dinner time. The food is pretty consistent, dry patties, soggy lettuce... My favorite part is the little bit of onion that they have in it lol.For the most part, it was pretty clean. It's a pretty small dining area but if you're in and out, I guess it's ok :)
2	I've never been a big fan of BK, I have held pretty true to my Micky Ds however the chicken fries with multiple dipping sauce options are a great snack.  They are always advertising apple fries for the kids but this location never seems to have any in stock.
3	Yo, everyone knows about BK.....   but this one was a great experience.  I am not sure if the lady behind the counter was a DRILL SGT.  She ran such a tight ship... there was virtually no wait on a busy lunch hour visit and she made everyone laugh.... very impressive.....
1	This place has got to be the slowest Burger King on earth. It also doesn't help when someone in front of you orders $36 worth of food.
1	I went to this location at about 9:30 at night. It was one of those double drive thru's and I pulled in the first one, noticing that there was a red mustang in the next order menu, waiting to order. After a full minute (literally, not exaggerrating) I finally said "Hello?" A lady replied "I'll be right with you." I noticed the red car guy still at the next menu board. I waited for five minutes, still, no one took my order.  My patience were gone and I left to the McDonalds two miles down the road. On my way home, from my ten min. trip to McDs. I passed Burger King and spotted the red car guy still waiting to order. This was crazy. They didn't offer and explanation or apology,  just silence.  Despite this occasion, previous trips to this location always rendered me unhappy, and this time I decided I'm not ever going back to that location.
1	This was the worst BK experience I can remember ever having.  It was just me and my 5yr old son.  I ordered a Bk stacker combo meal with no sauce, and a 4 piece chicken nugget kids meal for my kid.  After waiting for about 10 minutes I walked back towards the counter assuming my food should be done any second.  While standing there they called out 2 order #'s that were after mine.  I seen several kids meals going out the drive through window also.  So I stand all the way by the pickup counter waiting for someone to come by so I can ask, and I get ignored for several minutes.  Finally a supervisor person tells me my order is coming up next, so of course I wait a few minutes when they place a tray of food out and call out the #.  Guess what, not my order either.  So the supervisor asks what my order was and I hand him my reciept.  He does not apologize for the wait or anything but turns and yells my order to some cooks.  He then asks me what sauce we want for the kids nuggets, I ask for Ranch and he hands me like 6 ranches, like that will make up for now having to wait like 20 minutes.  Again no apology for the long wait and basically them losing or forgetting my order.  Than when I get the food, it was sloppy, burger patties hanging half way out the side of the bun...just a mess.
1	If going through the drivethrough I would check your order before leaving. THIS BK CANT GET ANYTHING RIGHT!
1	I have lived in the area for 7 years and the service is the same. Short of not opening the doors. Rude and unprofessional staff. Customer service training for management staff is required.
1	Every time I go to this Burger King the service is getting worst. This timeRude employees. #Terrible
1	these people dont know how to work.... they should fire all the dumbass employees and hire people who need to work.... everytime i come here and get someting they always gotta fk somehing up.... every single damned time this place sucks dickkkkkk
1	Poor excuse of a BK! Stay away, they forgot my dessert, the food's cold, had to wait a while at the drive thru, plus they don't even have a full Burger King menu.
1	I gave this place a 1 star because zero isn't an option. I have received poor service here on several occasions and didn't want to visit tonight but I was out voted by the rest of the family and didn't want to make a separate stop. I ordered the Tendercrisp. It was cold and hard, the breading was tough and dry. My husband ordered the BBQ Bacon Whopper. Laughable. The meat was the same temperature as the lettuce and about as thick as a piece of paper. I now have the family's backing that we will not return. Thank God.
5	I've actually been here four times, and I've yet to have a bad experience! Thanks for the good service and the freshest fries! Keep it up guys :)
1	Slowest services ever! Do not go threw the drive threw window. Understaff and slow! Plus you will get skipped in line if you go in the drive through window. Never am I going here again.
5	Great customer service. The order taker was kind, patient and looked happy to help me. It was Good hot n fresh. They always hire good staff. I am not a family or friend of anyone there I just really enjoyed my visit yesterday. Going to go the survey too.
2	I know what you're thinking... Who leaves a review on a franchised fast food joint? This girl apparently. If you happen to check in here and notice the reviews while waiting for your food, please double check to see if your order is right. There has been multiple times when a different burger from what I intentionally ordered ended up in my bag. And taste your soda! It might be flat.Also, if you're mad about the situation and is the type of person to be proactive about it instead of complaining about it to the next person you encounter, call to speak with the manager since he/she will reimburse you for the same meal. The other reviews stand corrected on this specific location. I guess I was one of the unfortunates also. *face palm*I'd still go back for their soft serve though.
