5	We celebrated our first wedding anniversary at Alize.  I simply cannot imagine a way the experience could have been better.  The decor is lovely but simple so as not to take anything away from the breathtaking panaramic view of the strip.  The service is top notch but the staff retain their sense of humor avoiding the stuffiness that often accompanies fine dining.  I am a complete "Sally" and almost always have to rearrange the menu choices to suit my tastes.  Everything on the menu was paired so perfectly (and uniquely) that the only challenge was what to order.  The dishes were created so imaginatively that even items we've eaten thousands of times before (like the crabcake offered on the crab trio appetizer) tasted like something brand new.  Every item was prepared perfectly and with incredible flavor.  The dishes were plated beautifully and served with flourish. The spinach risotto topped with lobster and a beuure blanc sauce was as beautiful to look at as it was to eat.  The complimentary courses from the chef  were perfect additions.  The wine listed is excellent and the cocktails were some of the best we had in Vegas.    We found out the next day that it was recently voted one of the top 75 restaurants in the world.  It certainly tasted that good.  In a city full of amazing restaurants, this one is truly a gem that should not be missed.
5	Well, I used to work here. Not to brag but this is the best restaurant in the city. hee hee. To be fair though, well, its not fair because this restaurant offers the best seasonal menus and special items. You could go there every day and try somethign different each time. Every time, you will swear it was the best food you ever had... man, i miss that place.
4	Great food. And though I'm not usually a fan of chocolate, the chocolate souffle was to die for! The view is wonderful, the service was great. Not the very best Las Vegas has to offer, but still mighty fine!
5	Excellent food!  I've been consistently disappointed with the food in vegas.    To be fair, the food in Vegas has been solid, but not good enough to justify the 25-30% premium Vegas places seem to charge.  This place is the exception.  We started out with this ridiculously large cold seafood platter, which included lobster, king crab legs, oysters, shrimp, and a few other things.  Now cold seafood is generally cold seafood, but the presentation and the mix of different types of shellfish made this starter simply divine. For the main course I had the bacon wrapped duck, which was out of this world.  One of the best duck dishes I've ever had.The chocolate souffle was also excellent, but then again, chocolate souffle usually is.
5	While I didn't actually get to dine here, I did have one of the best martinis I've ever had.  Jewel of Russia Ultra - appropriate film of ice, and two blue cheese stuffed olives.  I'm spoiled.I'd be honored to actually have dinner at Alize at some point. Maybe mama will get lucky at the tables.
4	Mmmm, carpaccio with nifty little seasoning spreads ...  Ooooh, mushroom risotto, excessively topped with andouille sausage but nonetheless mouthwateringly electrifying.Even my one friend's dish of roast chicken and another's of tuna was beyond the usual. Dessert was a homemade sorbet with a fascinating crunch, delicious (but not true to life) buttery hot beignets, and included petit fours we were too full to eat.The service was joyous - my friends kept marvelling that every time they left their seats the waitstaff would make the point to beat them to their chairs and seat them. When we stepped away, our napkins were refolded into place, and our glasses were always filled without our having to ask.The view is sensational - look down onto the entire spread of All That is Vegas, twinkling below. You can make quick and easy reservations online, no hassle, with a credit card (not charged, just to hold the reservation). You enter the restaurant from the ground floor VIP elevators that also serve ghostbar; you check in with the hostess at the door, she walks you to the elevator, presses the button, and voila, you arrive to a quaint French lushness that The Ivy in Hollywood pretends to but fails at.The tableware is charming, some plates decorated with "Alize, Andre's" on them - for Alize is in the Andre's chain, known to be the best French restaurant in all of Las Vegas (the original is off-strip).It falls short of a 5th star because only two out of 5 dishes surprised me, and after our entree we were left sitting around for 10+ minutes waiting for further service. Our waiter didn't offer coffee/tea/dessert and had to be flagged.Pricing was very good - I do like wine but we didn't partake that night, so this may be why it felt reasonable. Dinner for 3, $250!
4	In Las Vegas?  Alize, a long-time fixture of the LV restaurant scene, is a great choice for finely-prepared French cuisine housed on the top floor of the Palms Hotel.  Andre Rochat, the owner and chef brain, has assembled a package of cuisine, service and ambiance that is worth your dining attention in a city chock full of great restaurants.     With a group, we had the opportunity to graze the menu including specials.  Top of the list:  the veal chop with mushroom canneloni - the best veal chop I have ever had - tender, flavorful and prepared to perfection(including arriving warm on a warm plate).  Other winning entrees were lamb, minute steak, duck confit and dover sole.  All arrived exactly to order with vegetable accompaniments and presented beautifully.  This included the obligatory domed delivery by the experienced serving staff and dramatic(?) undoming by same.     Appetizers, salads and soups are on a par with the entrees.  A tomato and shrimp timbale, spring greens with a pear super reduction and gorgonzola-stuffed phyllo, warm potato leek soup(deep, savory flavor), and lobster and prawn bisque(a house specialty) were all tasty, presented with panache and quite large.  I expect teeny courses but Alize breaks that mold.      Dessert choices are adequate with the souffles featured.  We had both a chocolate and candy cane mint souffle which were well-prepared but a little short on chocolate sauce.  Our one cake dessert was the best choice.        Alize's view of the Vegas strip is a lovely addition to your dining experience.  I suspect, that on a busy night, getting a window table may be difficult;  however, almost every seat has a north or east view.  We lucked out(a slow night) and received a corner table.  Complete with sunset, flashing neon casino lights and eight airplanes in line to land - all night.     One negative is the wine list, a negative that is shared by almost all LV high-end restaurants.  The prices, compared to Los Angeles, are ridiculous and encourage suboptimizing the evening's experience by going cheap by necessity.  As it is, Alize is $125-150 per person for a three course meal with obscure wines carefully chosen.  It is very easy to increase this by $50 per person with recognizable wines at over-the-top, premium prices.  Bring a friend who knows wine.      In fairness to Alize, its prices for the quality of food are reasonable, particularly compared to its competitors.  It is located a little off the strip so rent must be a little cheaper than at the top casino venues.  And service, top to bottom, seemed to reflect a sincere desire to please and to have the patron return.     As a package of all things fine dining, Alize is a excellent choice in Las Vegas.  I feel fortunate to be able to afford dining experiences like Alize once in while.  Save up - you won't forget your evening.
5	This is by far the best formal dining experience we have had in Vegas and arguably one of the better meals we have had in the past year.  When you walk in, the view is stunning and we were fortunate enough to get a window table.  When you make a reservation, ask for a table by the window on the West side of the building because those are the best views of the entire strip.  The atmosphere is very romantic with dim lighting, windows across every wall and dark wood booths with red cushions.  The service was spectacular for the most part.  While the sommelier was helpful, he was a bit of a snob when we chose a lowly $175 bottle of wine.  It was completely overpriced and we were not going to spend more than that because the markup was about 500%.  Ridiculous.  However, we did not let his little attitude ruin our evening and the rest of the staff was so wonderful.  I love that the main courses are brought out under silver domes and removed at the same time.  It entertains me everytime!The amuse bouche was a wonderful pasta with smoked salmon and prosciutto.  As a starter, I ordered the scallops and my husband ordered the French onion soup.  The soup was some of the best but the scallops were the best scallops we have ever put in our mouths.  I had a completely different experience than Cynthia because these scallops were plump and fresh with a delicious accent of bacon and scallions, but I cannot remember the sauce.  They were the best.Then, my husband had the green peppercorn filet and I had the duck.  The filet was delicious and the duck was very well prepared.  The duck included a puff pastry with peaches and foie gras on top.  Yum.  Although we sufficiently stuffed ourselves, we continued on with the beignets for dessert and they were a divine, sweet finish to an inspiring meal.  After having a few disappointing meals in Vegas, this was definitely a turning point and a high standard of dining on or off the strip.
4	okay this place is very classy and romantic. the view is FABU!!!!! The food was really yummy! i didnt eat cause i was feeling kind of sick, but i got a salad and mushroom soup, which were both just ok. We got the calamari appetizer, i wouldnt really recommend it, cause it was very little. my cousin got the crispy duck, which was a special and it was DELICIOUS and very filling, my bro got the tune, which was just okay, and his gf got the chicken which was very DElish as well. we got the souffle desserts, which i would not  the prices were not outrageous. our server was kind of not friendly, which really pissed me off so i talked to the manager and he said thats weird cause hes normally the nicest one. but i think he was assuming we wouldn't tip well. so i took a star away because of him. I would recommend this place for the view (which u should request when u make reservations, but its still first come first serve for the window view).
1	The WORST restaurant experience I have ever had.  One of the guests in our party got ill the next day from eating the steak entree.  We called management to complain and they failed to acknowledge that their meat was bad and did not make any concessions to amend the situation.   I would not expect this from a so-called Michelin star rated restaurant (according to the concierge).  Customer service is just as important as the quality of the food.  Alize failed to deliver on both.
5	I went into Alize with high expectations and I am happy to say that it met and surpassed them all. I had made a reservation and then when we got there we realized that we weren't going to be sat by the window. SIT NEXT TO THE WINDOW! The staff were really friendly and accommodating when we told them we'd wait for a window seat. It only took about 20minutes but we were happy to wait. I went with four friends and we all ordered the 7 course tasting menu. It was all absolutely superb!!!  Quite possibly the best decision I've ever made. In addition to the food, the presentation was fabulous. Each dish was placed in front of us and all of the waiters came around so that the metal top/dish thingies could all be removed at the same time. It was honestly like Christmas each time they did that revealing the most beautiful food that has ever been placed before me. I know what you're thinking: too showy, and you'd almost be right. But hey! It's Michelin star food we're talking about. So not only was it gorgeous but all of the dishes were fantastic. We began with a "ceviche" which consisted of tender shredded crab in a sweet cooked red bell pepper accompanied with a fresh guacamole and chili sauce. All topped with a sprig of dill and a spinach leaf. The biggest surprise of this dish was how complex the single spinach leaf made and balanced all of the flavors. It was really impressive and surprising. For the second course we were served a salad. It was a cantaloupe, green apple, and heirloom tomatoes all stacked atop one another with some greens on top and a piece of fried phyllo wrapped brie cheese on the side. All of this was topped with vinaigrette. This was my favorite dish. It was simple and rustic and the best part about it was the freshness of the fruits and the loving preparation. For the third course we had foie gras, it was perfect(but hard it is to mess up foie gras-It's the materialization of smiles and rainbows?) and it came with a cranberry jelly and caramelized apples.  yum.The fourth course was the dover sole. This was the first time I tried this fish and I loved it. The fish has a very nutty flavor and it went perfectly wit the sauted grapes. There was also truffled potatoes on the side with some veggies (not a big deal in comparison). Next came a little ball of passion fruit sorbet as a palate cleanser. Beautiful presentation btw.The fifth course also superb. Tender steak atop fried phyllo wrapped cauliflower and cheese puree and a bacon wrapped short rib. The short rib was orgasmic and is tied with the salad. It really needed its own plate. The sixth course consisted of three different cheeses paired with a jelly. I cant remember all of the cheeses but one of them was paired with a red onion jelly that was delicious. I honestly felt the meal did not need this dish and would have preferred two desserts. Maybe a cocktail or something in addition to the desserts. The seventh course was absolutely beautiful. So beautiful and inviting, it was the only course I forgot to take a picture, and didn't until it was too late. The desert was presented in three parts on one plate. A chocolate souffle, a raspberry cannoli with mint, and a crispy donut like ball with pumpkin and powdered sugar. They were all wonderful but the pumpkin ball was absolutely heavenly. If you can afford to put down the cash, definitely go here. We had been saving up for a long time to go to a nice place. There were a few other restaurants we were looking at that were too expensive, but we decided to go to Alize because of the food quality and the atmosphere. It was a great decision.HINT: Alize customers get to go straight to the front of the line at Ghostbar. Tell your waiter and they'll give you a slip to cut the line.
3	*Note that this review is for the special Thanksgiving Menu.Went here with my family for our Thanksgiving dinner.  It was a lovely restaurant with stunning views.However, the dinner was disappointing overall, especially since I had heard so many good things about the chef and Alize.  Perhaps it's because it was Thanksgiving, and it's not like this on other nights, but I don't know.The service was mixed.  A few odd moments included the waiter not bringing enough soup for everyone during the soup course, the waiter getting very confused and almost combative when we asked for sparkling water for some of us and flat water for some others, and one of our group having to send back their turkey because it was underdone.The food had both plusses and minuses.  Very good dishes included the salad with huge cubes of bacon, the duck confit starter, some dish that had pork confit, and the turkey confit underneath the cranberry sauce holder (I love confit).  Not so good dishes included the butternut squash soup, the turkey itself which was dry and unflavorful, and the stuffing which had waaaay too many fruits and nuts in it.  I even liked the very buttery baby vegetables on the side more.Like I said, perhaps it's better on a more typical night, but I wouldn't recommend this place for a special occasion themed-dinner.
5	In my most Chinese accent I can use, "the food was dericious." If you got some money to drop and an empty stomach, I suggest getting the 7 course tasting menu with a bottle of cabernet sauvignon. It has one Michelin star so that should say something about how good this place is if you're into that kind of stuff. The food was impeccably made and wow talk about feeling like a high roller eating a fancy meal with a view of the strip. Service was great. The waiter knew all the dishes and the best part was that he has eaten all of them so he could describe in detail what they were about. Be sure to ask them for a line pass to the Ghost Bar afterwards; it's not a free pass but just one so you don't have to wait in line. After eating here you won't feel like you got gyped out of $200, more like wow that the best money i've spent and an experience that I'll keep talking about for a while. You might even cry a little bit.
5	Alize is my favorite fine dining in Las Vegas.  There is nothing to not like about this place.First, the restaurant itself is beautiful.  The view is amazing, the decor is wonderful.  It can be a little crowded, but never unruly.  The staff, from the management down, is top notch.  I don't think the sommelier likes me much because I only order cheap wine (good wine is wasted on me), but everyone really goes out of their way.  I call ahead to request a certain desert, and the waiter already knows about it before I ask.  They are on top of things there.The food is incredible.  Every time I bring someone new to Alize, I hype it up to the point they think it can't possibly be that good.  Then I get to see the look on their face when they take their first taste.  It's truly amazing.The 3 dishes I can recommend are the rack of lamb, dover sole and the filet mignon.  Also, call ahead and ask for the coconut souffl.   It's the best desert I have ever experienced.  I promise you will not be disappointed.
5	I remember this place being amazing, but I also remember being there with the most beautiful girl I've ever dated.  Food was delicious, wine was good too, and the bill was the highest I've ever paid for two people... somewhere in the $500 range.  We did get a corner booth with the most amazing view, and that didn't cost anything extra.
5	amazing food, amazing service and an amazing view of the strip. what's not to love! skip lunch if you have dinner reservations.
4	I ate here in May 2008 with my wife and sister to celebrate my sister's birthday.  We had the 7-course tasting menu and the sommelier wine pairing.  For all the great reviews I've read, I was expecting a spectacular dining experience. The first two dishes were okay, but the balsamic vinegar in both dishes seemed to overpower the other ingredients (I hardly remember what they were).  The foie gras and their speciality, the Dover sole, were the most delightful courses of the evening.  Their cheese plate was fantastic as well.  Unfortunately, the sommelier wine pairing we had did little to complement the dishes, so I was a bit disappointed.The wait staff was good, and service was typically provided by a number of people.  I had to laugh at the presentation of each course though -- the waiters would proudly make their way from the kitchen to our dining table, carefully hand carrying each of our covered dishes.  As they reached our table one by one, they stood over us.  Then one waiter would give the others a nod and voila - the lids were removed simultaneously! Kinda circus-like and a little cheesey if you ask me, but they were nice.The dining room ambience was good and the views of Las Vegas were spectacular.Overall, it was a pleasant dining experience although I probably wouldn't come rushing back any time soon.  I would likely recommend the restaurant more so for its great views rather than the food.
4	don't come here unless you plan to spend SERIOUS BUCKS. but the food was worth it. and romantic =)FRENCH FOOD...very rich and creamy! the fish was the best ....basically tasted like butter. I think it was some sort of a filet. foie gras was soooo good. (personally, spago 's 12 course with wine is only $420 sounds better).  this is a 7 course. I suggest getting the chef's choice. WARNING: when you look at the menu it says chef's choice is $125 (I forgot the real amount) and then there is a separate WINE PAIRING. $175 for sommelier pairing. That DOES NOT MEAN you are getting wine pairing and chef choice together for $175. It means THE TWO CHARGES ARE SEPARATE. The food was yummy but I READ THE MENU PRICING WRONG.Guess how much dinner was for 2? $680.00it is by far the most expensive dinner I've ever had in my life.
5	My husband and I selected Alize to celebrate our anniversary.  We have been to many fine places in Las Vegas over the years, but agreed that Alize topped all of the others (including Prime, Eiffel Tower, etc.)  We had requested a window table in our reservation and did not have to wait to get one.  The service was impeccable.  The wine list was varied and not nearly as expensive as some other reviewers have indicated.  The watercress salad was incredible, as were both of our entrees (veal and filet).  We also had a souffle and bananas three-way for dessert, which were both delicious.  Our bill, with a tip, was $425, and that included two bottles of wine.The only negative comment I can make is that a very casually dressed party strolled in (wearing old jeans and dirty tennis shoes), so the restaurant definitely does not enforce the dress code.Do yourself a favor and dine at Alize.  We can't wait to celebrate another special occasion so that we can return.
5	Simply put, this place is excellent.There appetizer taster was fantastic, the wine list superb, and the entree I ordered (the salmon oscar) was amazing.  We finished up with a creme fraiche with fresh fruit and a fig compote bottom, which was a nice light way to finish off the dinner.The only weakness in my book was the roquefort toasty that was served with the salad.  Some people may have liked it, but it was way too strong for me because of the cheese.  Perhaps a smaller serving size would have worked given the extremely strong flavor of the cheese. In any case, if you are staying at the Plams and want a nice French dining experience with a nice view, then Alize is the place for you.
4	The French food here is fabulous, though almost too rich at times.  The view is amazing (top floor of The Palms), and the service is great.  It's a pretty romantic place as well.  It's also very pricey.
5	Romantic? YES. View? Amazing. Food? Deeeeelish. We came to Alize for the whole experience and we were not let down one bit. Beautiful restaurant, terrific service, fantastic food and oozing with ambiance. There are so many fine dining establishments in Vegas, and although I havent eaten at them all - I can't imagine many having the same total package as Alize.
5	I went here w/ 5 other girls for a graduation celebration. My bf told me to go here because it had really good food. Plus it was upstairs looking over the strip. Too bad it was not dark enough for us to take pictures. We were upset. We were the first guest there. Hahaha. The waiters were nothing but guys. It was really weird because they all were looking at us and help clean the table. We couldn't really eat because all eyes were on us.  I mean, i'm not saying we were HOT, we were the first ones there. Haha. The best thing i liked was the food. Mmmmm... My heart just melted. For my little entry i got a salad called Phyllo Wrapped Baked Anjou Pear Roquefort Cheese, Raspberries, Spicy Pecans and Raspberry Vinaigrette. Mmmm that was really good... My dinner entry i got the "Pan Seared Muscovy Duck Breast and Cherry Stuffed Duck LegFoie Gras Mousse, Haricots Verts, Pine Nuts and Smoked BaconOrange Shallot Sauce" I was in heaven. hahaha. You really should try it. If you get the chicken, i prefer you guys get the duck. It's better. Trust me. My friends got the chicken. They didn't want to finish it. The price is not too bad. It's about 60 a person. I really recommend this place. Really awesome....
4	Let me start off by saying...I wish I could give Alize 3.5 stars...I loved the stunning view of Vegas from the top of the Palms hotel but I was less impressed with the food and even less thrilled with the high wine prices.  My friends and I definitely splurge on food regularly so spending top $ for food is not an issue at all.  But, in a restaurant where the least expensive bottle of wine is priced at $120, I really started to feel like my six figure salary isn't enough to support my "wanna be" lifestyle (we ended up having cocktails and a bottle of wine priced at $150 haa haaa).The food was pretty good but it wasn't impressive, which made me a bit sad.  I had really high expectations for this place and for some reason, I walked away feeling a bit empty.  We started out with some yummy starters.  - lobster bisque was decent, but not superb. it was creamy and tasty but seemed to have too much all spice or some type of spice that really overpowered the taste of the seafood.  - pesto escargo was surprisingly well seasoned and nicely executed; it was awesome dipping bread!- pan seared foie gras - my friend said his was done perfectly- warm duck confit, black truffle and spinach salad with toasted brioche and Sunnyside Quail Egg was really unique, and wasn't too salty.Next we moved on to entrees:- both boys had the rack of lamb which was moist and juicy but for $52 dollars, I guess I was expecting a bit more...- NY strip with roquefort risotto...as you know, I don't like blue cheese, so when I tasted my friend's risotto, I was a bit overwhelmed.  It was so so so strong.  It overpowered the taste of the beef!- I ordered the veal loin medallions w/ sweetbread.  It was surprisingly good.  The veal wasn't thin medallions, it was a thick cut.  It was juicy and prob the biggest piece of veal I have ever had in my life.  The sweetbreads were really yummy...there wasn't nearly enough on the plate.  The contrast of the grapefruit slices and the salty slighy crispy sweetbreads was absolutely delicious. Finally, we closed out the meal with dessert.  we ordered the souffle when we ordered our meal because we were told to do so by our waiter but he didn't tell us we needed to order other desserts as well.  Therefore, after our meal, we wanted to add another dessert (bananas fritters or peach strudel cigars), they said we should have ordered that before placing entree orders.  It was quite disappointing.This is not a three star restaurant since I loved the sommelier, Blake, who was witty, not to mention I enjoyed my veal a lot.  But, this is not what I would envision a five star would be - The food was good but it wasn't fabulous.  So I struggle with the four star rating.I definintely recommend going to have that experience...not sure I'd want to go back again though.
4	I'd give this place a 3.5 if I could but I'll round up.I really liked the view and the ambiance of the restaurant.  The food was okay, but NOT spectacular.We asked the sommelier to suggest a wine to accompany our dinner, somewhere between $100 - $150.  The bottle he picked was a decent bottle of French Bordeaux, but $160, he had to go over by ten dollars.The service was just okay, they messed up my order & they were not clear about ordering dessert.  The server said that the souffle had to be ordered at the beginning of dinner, but he did not mention that all the other desserts on the menu also had to be ordered in advance.  Thankfully 1 soufflee for 4 people was more than enough.I think the appetizers were the best part of the meal!For more info on our dinner, I will defer to Chiyo W.'s review.  She's soooo on top of those details :-p.Once is enough for me, I probably won't go again.  Too expense for what was served.
5	Absolutely the BEST meal ever!  My husband and I go to Vegas every year and try out different restaurants while we are there.  Most restaurants we find are overpriced for what you get and overrated.  Not the case here.  We read reviews online, and several locals we talked to also said Alize was known for really great food.  This was our first time at Alize, and this will be one restaurant that we will return to.   Warning...it is expensive.  But worth every penny in our opinion.  The food was amazing, service was outstanding, and most of all the view was stunning (we made reservations around sunset time and it was dark by halfway through our meal so we had a wonderful view of the city lights.)  We chose the 5 course tasting menu with wine pairings, and it was more than enough food for me, and my husband was full by the end of the meal too.  (He did finish some of my courses/wine for me.)The wines were perfectly paired with each course and the food was delicious.  First course was the crab-stuffed piquillo pepper...so good.  Then the spinach salad with duck confit topped brioche with a sunny-side up quail egg...presentation was beautiful and dish was terrific.  Then came the Dover Sole and that was followed by the Veal with crispy sweetbreads and green onion fondue.  All outstanding.  Then the dessert course:  3 mini portions of their best desserts.  My favorite was the cheesecake wrapped in caramelized phyllo with a sour cherry sauce.  And I am not a big cheesecake fan, but this was to die for!  If you don't do the tasting course, get the Dover Sole.  It's their signature dish and it will not disappoint.  Neither one of us would have ordered it (because who craves dover sole?), but one bite and we were hooked!  It was amazing. Our server was Juan Augustino and he was the BEST!!  Extremely helpful, very attentive, and he made excellent suggestions.   This is our new fav restaurant in Vegas.
5	I went here again for the second time. OMG!!!!!! the Salmon was delicious. It was the best salmon i had forever. The outside was crispy and the inside was just right. Of course, we also got the duck too. That was the best dish in the restaurant. It's really worth it for a nice dinner for two. Very pricey but well worth it.
4	I'm going to go with the 3.5 stars as well.We walked in without a reservation and got a great window seat right away.  I really did like the room, it worked and was warm.  I had the asparagus soup which tasted well nothing like asparagus but it was a winner because the scallop in it was fabulous.  There was also a potato puree involved.  For my entree I had the salmon with crab, bearnaise  sauce, fingerling potatoes and asparagus.  Now my fault for ordering the asparagus soup with potato puree and then having repeat ingredients on my entree.  It kind of peeves me when restaurants have repeat ingredients.  It's a personal thing.  I kind of instantly found the bearnaise sauce a little cold but moved on.  The food was good, old school good.  Like it reminded me of something I'd have years ago at dinner.  Classic French, but I did like it!I found the service a little stuck between two different places. They tried to give good, fine dining service but I found these little upsells that I wasn't really buying into.  Like coming over and trying to sell us a Cognac flight after we both said we didn't drink Cognac.  Weird.  Also giving us INSANE pours of our wine.  Who does that?  We won't drink me just because it is in our glass.  Lastly, the cheese plate seriously needs to be worked on.  Great concept but really generic cheeses.  There were about 7 different types that were the size of practically my fingernail.  They were things like "gouda" and "white cheddar" - I have no idea what they were doing on there.  There was also this one cheese that they made look like a flower.  It was HORRIBLE and quite possibly the worst cheese I have ever tried.  Overall I did like it for a Vegas restaurant.  I could just really do without the little upsells they sneak in or maybe not be so obvious about it.
4	I'm actually pretty easy to please....on my birthday I wanted a restaurant with a great view, a solid martini, a well-prepared piece of meat or fish, and a reason to wear my fabulous new birthday dress. So BJ suits up and away we go. Whisked up and seated precisely at the time of our reservation, I was sipping that solid martini and enjoying the view from a corner table within moments. We started with and enjoyed immensely an appetizer of sauteed jumbo lump crab, ahhhh, delicious! Treated to a surprise amuse bouche, also delicious! I ordered a steamed 2lb Maine lobster and BJ went for the grilled Angus Rib Eye with parmesan and sweet potato gratin. BTW, the sommelier had personality-plus, even though we do not enjoy wine and thus declined his services. So, along comes BJ's steak and not-the-lobster-I-ordered. What was on my plate looked delicious, but it was my birthday, damnit and I wanted my lobster! As soon as I pleasantly mentioned this to our server, it became quite clear that he was a summa cum laude graduate of SnootyWaiterTradeSchool. Now I can out-snooty the best of THAT particular group, so my lobster arrived, to their credit, right away. Too bad it was overcooked. BJ's steak, on the other hand was melt in the mouth delicious. Seriously. So, on to the dessert we had pre-ordered, a s'more-type-thing with warm chocolate fondant, toasted marshmallow, graham cracker and smoked vanilla ice cream. Let's go with.....the tiny-cookie plate that the chef sent over was much, much better. SnootyWaiterTradeSchoolGrad dropped the ball big time on coffee and perhaps an after dinner cocktail for the birthday girl, so we lingered a bit anyway, enjoying the view. All in all, a very, very good meal, an amazing view and a five-star review becomes a 4-star review because of the waiter. What a shame.
5	http://www.thesoloreviewer.blogspot.com/Out of all the restaurants I have dined at in Las Vegas, or anywhere for that matter, nothing comes close to the dinner I had at Alize! Located at the Top of the Palms Casino, it brings a classy restaurant to a extremely trendy casino. As soon as I stepped into the private elevator to when I left, the experience was nothing but top class and a meal I will remember for a long time. I e-mailed the restaurant prior to making my reservation to ask if I could have a few items incorporated into the tasting menu and let the Chef choose the rest. They replied the next day and were more than happy to make my requests! I was seated in at a decent table but saw a little table in the corner that look much more comfortable and they were more than happy to move me there! The view is breathtaking! No bad seats in the house! If any couple is looking for a romantic dinner or a guy to pop the question this is the place to do so. Dark and spacious room with a sort of classic look to with large windows surrounding the entire room so every single person has a view of the Strip!Once I was seated my server Ricardo Hernandez, PLEASE request this server as he gave me the best service throughout the night and the best I have ever received from a restaurant, presented me with my first dish, which was a request, Jumbo Lump Crab with Potato Gnocchi, Smoked Paprika, Mushrooms and Lemon Chive Butter Sauce presented perfectly on a bed of rocks still in the crab shell! OMG words can't even describe how good this dish was. A gift from God is what it was. So melt in your mouth good! Everything just blended so well together and had a silky, rich and smooth taste on the palate! Just try it and you will see what I mean!! Next request was the Phyllo Wrapped Anjou Pear with Roquefort Cheese, Spicy Pecans and Pomegranate Vinaigrette. The pear had a nice crispy outside and a sweet taste inside! Pecans added a little spice and the cheese adding a richness to the dish that I loved! Overall a great dish!I had requested there duck dish but after overlooking there tasting menu of the night I saw it featured there signature Dover Sole dish and I couldn't resist! It consists of Important Dover Sole Sauteed Veronique with Winter Vegetables and Truffle Potato Puree! WOW! Much like the texture of Halibut, this unique and delicate white fish has a mild but yet sweet taste and was a honor to consume such a well respected fish in the culinary world that was prepared just perfectly. The potato puree was the best I've had and the vegetables fresh and cooked perfect as well! Its worth every penny!Last and final dish before desert was the Rib Eye with Parmesan and Sweet Potato Gratin, Honey Glazed Turnips, Nebrodini Bianco Mushrooms and Horseradish Beef Jus. Steak was cooked perfectly with the juice still flowing out. The Parmesan and Sweet Potato Gratin was sweet and rich and I loved every bite of it. Simple, beautiful, and tasteful dish!The palate cleanser was a refreshing peach sorbet that was the best sorbet I've had and cleansed my palate perfectly. Last and not least the desert trio!!! First was the Carrot Cake with Ginger Brulee which was my favorite! Secound was the Hazelnut Marquis and Chocolate Custard! Third was the Pineapple Fritter with Macadamia Caramel Ice Cream. All were of Oh So Good and rich but portion sizes were perfect making it able for me to eat all three!I asked the Wine Sommelier, who was a nice fellow named Alain Visinoni , to do a wine pairing throughout my meal and he was spot on letting me try some very great and rare wines that I am now in search of for my own collection! At the end of the meal the Chef came out and introduced himself and I told him congrats on keeping the Michelin Star for 2009 and thanked him for the best meal of my life and he graciously said thank you and invited to dine at Andres downtown before they closed but unfortunately will not make it back to do so but I can't wait to see the adventure that awaits me when I try the one at The Monte Carlo in the feature. Everything about my meal here was perfect. Ricardo was AWSOME, Alain was AWSOME, Food was AWSOME, and the view is AWSOME. The portions were sized perfectly unlike the other restaurants I dined at and was able to enjoy the meal more this way. I was made to feel like the only guest in the room! At the end they present me with a plate of Petite Fours and a mini menu featuring the custom tasting menu along with the wine pairings I had and I left feeling like a King!
5	o what a view. one of the few michelin star restaurants i have eaten at. but this restaurant definitely has the best view of of the others. very romantic, great view, but the quality of the food is not affected unlike top of the world restaurant. after taking the elevator up almost 70 floors, you enter a beautiful restaurant. the wine cellar is smack in the middle of the restaurant where you can choose many bottles of wine to enjoy your meal with. went with 2 apps and 2 entrees. no desserts. 1st two apps:foie gras with granola and apple- first time i had foie gras. melt in your mouth delicious. tartness of the apple cut right through the fat. very nicescallop with potato risotto- this is where i first saw a non-rice risotto. the sweetness of the scallop paired nicely with the creaminess of the potatoentrees:new york strip with braised shortrib and st. andres cheese- cheese added a nice salty touch to this otherwise plain steak. filet of big eye tuna- this sucker was humongous. very fresh and meaty.  the food is not out of this world extraordinary, but it is reallly good. but the service and ambience, push this restaurant from 4 stars to 5. definitely a special occasion hot spot.
3	The view is outstanding and this is the MAJOR reason to come here. The food is mediocre and the prices are high (wine prices are outrageous). If you'd like a cozy romantic table, ask for the one next to the window where you can sit next to each other (not across the table from each other). BAD: Spinach salad with duck confit and quail egg - the brioche tasted stale, the confit was very salty, the spinach was doused in dressing, the fried onions scattered over the leaves were pedestrian.BAD: The chocolate souffle which was doused with liqueur even though none was mentioned on the menu. I couldn't eat it.MEDIOCRE: Filet mignon ($58) that was slightly overcooked with tasteless truffles, parsnips that were not thoroughly cooked through, some rosemary gelee, a cooked prune, an overly salty eggroll filled with potato puree.GOOD:  French onion soup.GOOD: Sea urchin & crab fondue which arrives inside the urchin body. There is very little meat and it comes in a soup style, not fondue, but the meat is delicious. I was left wondering if I was supposed to eat the rest of the mousseline "fondue" in the shell, which was way to heavy to eat alone like a soup, but there was just so much more of it than the meat.EXCELLENT: Chocolate fondant cake with marshmellow top. The ice cream is awful but that cake is great!
4	I brought my girlfriend here for the great view and the warm reviews of the food.  Luckily, it wasn't the busiest time of year and we had a window seat with an amazing view of the city.The food was very good, as was the service.  In fact, the girl at the front gave us a card that got us into ghostbar, moon and the playboy club VIP and no cover.Overall value was okay.  The wine list is extensive, with prices inflated as is typical at almost any vegas restaurant.I think Alize is a great place to take a date.  I would return.
4	Wonderful view, wonderful service.  I've eaten here several times but I always get lobster so I can't comment on other items.  The food was always great.
5	Definitely the best fine dining and French restaurant in Vegas hands down! I love everything about this place, very accommodating to vegetarians when they know you're coming it's even better.
4	If I could give a 3.5, I would, but our experience was nice so I'll round up. My boyfriend and I went here to celebrate his 35th birthday. The view is nice as we were there before sunset and were able to see the Las Vegas nightline lit up but it doesn't quite compare since we're in the middle of the dessert. Nonetheless, the ambiance of the restaurant is elegant yet cozy at the same time. The reason for my lower rating is the food was ok. My lobster was tasty but a tad on the creamy side. Perhaps a weekend of decadent food was a bit much for my tastebuds and I wasn't able to fully enjoy the dish. Everything was nice but we weren't wowed, especially with the price you pay and the Michellin rating. The desserts left me wanting more. We would recommend giving the restaurant a chance at least once but no hurry.
3	Unless you have money to burn, don't waste your time.I'd like to tell you about my meal, but it was forgettable.  Why?  The service in this outpost is very fast - too fast for your meal to make an impact.  My wife and I spent our anniversary at Alize, and our four course meal was done in under an hour.  They whisked us in, served us like a hurricane was coming, and then whisked us out.  Look, the economy is hard, and getting an extra turn each night really helps, but what's the cost in the long run?  We'll never go back, and I'm telling you to stay away too.  Spend your money at Nove in the other Palms Tower - it's the same view with cheaper prices and better food.  Well, at least I remember Nove's food - I still can't remember the food at Alize.
2	The only reason i can ever forsee coming back to Alize will be for the view. Service - sucked, and they got my ribeye wrong! But, with the right company even a sucky restaurant makes it seem like  a great meal.  That's all im going to say about Alize, because if i dont have anything nice to say, i'd rather say nothing! Btw - no one in our party of four raved about this meal, and we're all foodies =)
2	Alize is the biggest disappointment in Las Vegas.  In a city of shattered dreams that is a heck of a statement.  The only thing this place has going for it is the view.The service was poor with the staff being unnecessarily pretentious.  The food was bland and uninspired.  I think they found the sommelier hanging around in the casino bar because the wine-food pairing was horrendous.Skip this place, it is for 19-yr old Hollywood actresses who don't know good food.
4	After my second meal at Alize, my opinion of their offering has become a bit clearer.  While the menu does not have a wide taste range (almost every dish contains mushrooms or truffles), the food is very focused and quite good.  The restaurant feels like an event and the management clearly understands this is what their customer is there for, with almost every table set as a two-top facing the stunning top floor views.  If you are in Vegas for a romantic getaway, this feature alone should warrant a visit for dinner.During my last visit, my wife and I experienced some of the worst service we'd ever had in a fine dining restaurant.  Our dishes were rushed in and out, the service staff barely spoke to us, and the most memorable part of the meal was how quick it was.  This latest visit was completely different.  Our meal was very well paced, allowing us time to enjoy each dish.  Our server, food runner, and busser were available whenever we needed them.  This meal was entirely enjoyable and worth the money we spent.I will make a recommendation for you when ordering your entrees - order the chocolate fondant dessert at the same time.  As it takes 20 minutes to prep, you'll be happy that you ordered it early.  And the chocolate cake with orange ice cream was a highlight of our meal.
4	I do not remember exactly what we had to eat, but I do remember loving the restaurant. Not only is the view spectacular, but the food is equally impressive. This is definitely a rarity for niche restaurants. In other words, good locations, views, celebrity chefs do not always equate to good food, this is not the case at Alize. The only reason it isn't a 5 star restaurant is because of the slower service. While it wasn't a problem, it was a bit slow. I will return here without question... maybe the best French in Vegas!
4	The view is the best in Vegas for sure.  The staff was very professional and accomodating. The shrimp coctail was a little skimpy but still good with a spicy sauce. The ribeye was perfect  with hardly any fat. Complimentary chilled potatoe soup before app and complimentary sorbet before entree was a nice touch. Chocolate fondant for dessert was delicious. Very romantic atmosphere. Not cheap but worth the splurge.
4	We were at a company reward function and Alize was chosen.  I liked this restaurant a lot.  Maybe I'm easily impressionable but it all started with the salad which at first I thought was salmon "hmm I didn't order salmon" then looked closer to see it was thinly sliced tomato's and greens as well as goat cheese, it was fantastic, I have no idea how the chef was able to slice tomato's like that.   I'm picky with salad,  this one was so well done.  Then on to the rib eye, good, nice..and filling, I'm not a big eater so it was good to be able to eat the entire meal.  Then desert..so good I almost cried..don't know what it was, but some cream thing where the chef flamed the top to create a hard candy like surface, and graced it with a little fresh fruit.The only thing that fell flat here.  The wine..when we asked what it was, the server said "a mix"  I'm guessing a mix of swill, water, and something which created an unpleasant aftertaste after about 10 seconds in your mouth.  They made up with it with the Sherry.  It's a shame that such a great restaurant doesn't hire a wine consultant to get it right, white wine would have probably gone better with most of the dishes, but then again I've never been much of a fan of red wines.Great meal, then we were on to watch the Play Phantom of the Opera which rounded off the evening which highlighted the trip. I'd recommend this to anyone, worthy of a drive off the strip to enjoy an evening.
5	My husband took me to Alize on Christmas Eve and it was one of the best presents I have gotten! We are both "foodies" and could not wait to try the chef's 7 course tasting menu with wine pairings. Even the amuse-bouche was delicious and really did it's job of waking up our taste buds. My favorites were the phylo wrapped crab claw, fois gras, and rib eye. The truffle vinaigrette on the spinach salad is something to pay close attention to, they did a very good job of not overpowering with the truffle taste as is so easy to do. The staff was extremely warm and friendly, not at all pretentious or stuck up. Our waiter, I think his name was Silvio, extremely professional and knowledgeable. He explained all the courses in just enough detail and also the wine pairings and why they were chosen for that particular dish. We received attention to our table at all the right times and never once needed to look around the restaurant floor wondering where our waiter or busboy was. Of course, who wants to look around the restaurant when you have one of the best views of the strip in all of Las Vegas! We were lucky enough to have a window side table in the corner that faces everywhere from Encore and TI down to Luxor. We also very much enjoyed the classy, elegant atmosphere over some other restaurants that try to be too trendy with loud house music and waitresses wearing lingerie. One more thing to pay attention to on the way to the elevator- the nearly 200 year old bottles of cognac that line the entryway. The one downside of Alize is right around 10 PM. you can hear the subtle rumbling of the bass from whatever club is upstairs. Very unfortunate that this is how we had to end our very romantic Christmas Eve dinner. Other than that, I can say nothing other than praise for Alize and their staff.
2	I heard this place was great when it first opened. Let me tell you it's gone downhill. We had salmon and lobster risotto.  All I can remember was that the salmon was overcooked and there was a hair in the dish! The risotto was watery and too salty.  Then when we got our wine ( bottle) and drank a glass it tasted odd. We sent it back they admitted it went bad. Luckily, they did the right thing and took it off thebill. It was awful for a supposed upscale joint.  Not to mention the decor was very oudated.
4	Ok.  This review is for a visit to Alize a few months ago (right after xmas) so details are not fresh in my mind.  In general we had a nice experience there.  We ordered the prix fixe with the regular wine pairing (not the sommelier wine pairing.  Left us wondering then who did the pairing for the regular pairing?).  The view from the window seating was beautiful.The service was very nice from friendly staff all around to a very attentive waitress.  Food was yum, and the courses that kept on coming kept us on our toes.  A side note: two orders of wine pairing was a bit much for us.  I think we could have shared one glass.  One star off because for how much we paid I'd expect to be knocked off my feet by the experience.  I mean overall was a nice special meal but definitely was too pricey.  Not complaining all that much tho.  Good job Alize.  haha =]
4	Have eaten at many Andre Rochat restaurants, my favorite was the downtown location near the Federal courthouse, which is now closed.Alize has a very nice design/interiors, takes good advantage of views.  Has a great corner table on the SE corner, where I sat next to my spouse in a booth and we had a full panoramic view to the east of the Strip - very nice.Service was very good, only mistep was we requested to see the price fixe menu (we like to see these, although we do not always order off of them if they do not offer things we like), and waiter strongly dissuaded us for ordering off the menu - suggested it was much lower quality than the main menu (which is generally not the case in my experience - most fine restaurants offer price fixe as limited options of similar quality - they will not serve food that tarnishes the perception of their fine restaurants).  I sensed the upsell here more than a recommendation fully in the customer's interests.Would up ordering one price fixe menu item and a series of a la carte items, both were very good - high quality, creative, well prepared/presented.  Rocket salad, french onion soup, ribeye with bean ragout, other items were very good.One can easily spend $150-$300 per person here with food and wine, so be prepared, as this is a fine dining experience.Recommended.
5	Bring your black AMEX as this place isn't cheap but it's well worth the splurge if you can afford a $500 plus dinner (bottle of wine and champagne included of course). Book early so you can request a window seat as the views of the Las Vegas strip is breath taking from atop the Palms at night with all the glitz and glory Vegas has to offer. I came here for Valentine's Day dinner with my boyfriend so it was a set tasting menu. The food and service was top notch but guess you pay for what you get.
3	I came here to celebrate a very good friend's birthday with her husband and three others.  When you first enter the restaurant located on the 42nd floor of the Palms Resort, if you have a date, you had better get a room because this place is Tres Sexy!!!  Sweeping views of the valley all the way to NY it would seem.  OH....Dress to impress Boys and Girls.  This is the kind of place that would frown on casual dress.  Just deal with it.  It's the way they roll.  If you want to dress casually then there are opportunities for great food in Daisy Dukes and flip flops on the first floor.  Think Sexy...be sexy.  You're sexy!  Okay, so lots of smiles, lots of love when you walk in.  Have reservations please.  You're seated and then an phalanx of Wait Staff swarms over you like the locust in The Ten Commandments.  A chorus of greetings,  a symphony of ice and silverware clinks and next thing you know, your water glasses are filled, napkin's in your lap and the show has begun...Drinks, appetizers...which I personally think were the best part of the night.  We ordered the Chilled Seafood Platter...Invited guests were Lobsters neatly halved and easily accessed so to maintain your sexiness as you eat.  King Crab legs, also sexy ready...careful of the butter drip though...succulent raw oysters on the half shell...chill and with the perfect texture and freshness10 point Prawns, Party on your pallet baby; it was nice.  Try with a buttery Chardonnay like Cakebread.  Your senses erupt with the freshness and abundance of it all.  Honestly, if we would have stopped at the Seafood Platter and wine, I would have given one or two more stars but alas, tradition calls for the Entree... I had the Fillet.  It was dry and overdone like, again, it was out too soon and placed under a heating lamp.  Didn't have that just off the grill sizzle happening to it.  I understand the challenges of x amount of Chefs and cooks servicing x squared patrons, but my job is to eat, theirs is to satisfy.  I gave it an "Ok" due to it being so SEXY and perhaps, on another night, the Fillet would curl my toes.All in all, it's worth a go.  I've only been once and Alize, like a lover that cheated, deserves another chance.  No, I've never cheated on my girlfriend...Honey? Honey?  I didn't!  Chow!
4	Top notch service. The view is unmatched. The room is very nice. The food is very good, however my ribeye was overcooked which is why I can't give 5 stars (no, I didn't complain about it). I had lobster bisque with a ribeye and finished with a wonderful chocolate dessert. My partner had onion soup and a filet followed by a pistachio souffle. Between courses we were given a tuna, salmon and halibut ceviche which was excellent as well as a very flavorful sorbet. The bread that preceded the meal was excellent too. Prior to the meal, I ordered a Glenlivet on the rocks. it was just one shot...no more no less. I was curious to see the price of this lousy pour (I later ordered a second) and was happy to see that the price of each drink was $14. I thought that was reasonable for that type of pour and that type of restaurant. The bill for two with tax and tip was $263, which I think is reasonable in light of the flawless service, the spectacular view, and the food quality. I will return to this restaurant in July when I revisit Las Vegas.
5	This is what fine dining was made to be... The food, service, ambiance, and the view of Las Vegas were amazing. If you are interested in wine - ask Claudio! Their wine list is unlike anything I've ever seen or tasted. Dining at Andre's restaurants is always an unforgettable experience, but Alize is the jewel! Be ready for a unique experience from the time you arrive at the bar to the time you leave. We had great martinis at the bar served by Lisa. Alize's General Manager, Stavros, made sure that we were brought to our table exactly at the time of our reservation. The view of the strip from our table was stunning! Every detail in our dinning experience was handled with such precision. I started with the Foei Gras and the Phyllo Wrapped Pear Salad. The combination of taste and presentation left me aching for more. I chose the Dover Sole Amandine for my entree. The fish was absolutely delicious and moist. For dessert, I ordered the Grand Marnier souffle. This was the cherry on top. OMG... just delicious! Is it expensive - Yes! My sister and her two guests were so impressed. There is not enough money in this world to pay for the satisfaction of my lovely sister. Great Job Andre!
3	My boyfriend and I tried their 7 course tasting menu about a week ago. Overall:3* for food.5* for service.Because the food was so uninspiring and at times disappointing,we definitely would not be going back here anytime soon. As a result, I can't bear to award this restaurant more than 3* overall. Would recommend tasting menu for:1) Those who do not like surprising new dishes but would like to stick with classic dishes. 2) Those who typically like to add salt to their dishes 3) Those who want a tasting menu experience but are on a time crunch4) Those that appreciate well-waited service or a beautiful view of the strip The more detailed summary:Food:I always thought Tasting menus are to sample the chef's more innovative dishes.  None of the dishes were innovative, just dishes you would typically see listed at any typical fine dining establishment.The evening started off promising with an amuse bouche of seafood ceviche. They also came around with freshly baked bread and the raisin-walnut bread was oh-so-good! However, the first course came out and I was already disappointed. It was basically a dish of nicely sliced melons and tomatoes. I thought "Did I just pay 1/7 of my $125 on a dish they did not even cook?" Unfortunately, the dressing it was served with didn't bring out anything more. As for the rest of the meal, it was unremarkable. It was basically smaller portions of classical dishes you would see listed on the menu of any typical fine dining establishment. The menu made it appear that they were going to take a new twist on these classical dishes, but that wasn't the case.It was your typical foie gras, risotto, lamb, fish, etc. The sauces they were served with did not add anything either!What was really surprising was that many of the dishes were overly salty! It wasn't just one, it was quite a few. i don't remember which dishes in particular, because, as I mentioned, this meal was rather forgettable. Also, the fact that we noticed that the sorbet palate cleanser was pre-scooped and refrozen only left more negative memories of this place.Service:I know that some people didn't like the service here, but for us personally, it was amazing. It was well-staffed and they went above and beyond what we expected. For example, any crumbs were gently swept off after each course. Our glasses were constantly refilled with water. Also, when I came out of the restroom, my waiter was already by my chair, waiting to tuck me back into the seat. We were surprised at how attentive the service was but at no point did we feel that their attentive eyes were intruding on our privacy. A++++++ for service!Other notes:The dishes came out very fast! From the time we checked in downstairs, to when we got on the elevator again after the meal, it took us 2 hours flat (maybe even less!). We felt there was barely time for a breather between dishes. At times, it felt like we either only had time for a quick chat or a sip of water, but not both, before the next dish arrived. We would've appreciated more time to relax, talk, reflect on what we just ate, etc.The view was spectacular! It had a gorgeous panoramic views: you can see the strip, and you can also see the red rock canyons behind. Too bad they rushed our meal, so we weren't able to stay long enough to see the beautiful night lights illuminating the strip.
3	-Breath taking view-Beautiful ambiance-Delicious foodsWhere do I begin? My bittersweet experience at Alize was sadly more bitter than sweet. Mainly due to the very rude, disregarding, and upsetting service that manager provided. I can say in the least that I will not be back to the palms by the service that tainted my experience at Alize.The food was amazing, cocktails were  strong, wine recommendations were on point. At mid-meal, I definitely thought this was the perfect dining experience: Fantastic food, great drinks, and impeccable service... or so we thought. Service aside, the restaurant was incredible. If you boys want to wine and dine your lovely lady this is most def. the place to go. Though it isn't cheap, it's well worth the $^10, and will def. sweep the ladies off their heels.Service was great up until the manager came and sucked the air out of our balloon. My party was def. taken aback by his comment/'suggestion'. We felt completely disrespected and can say I/We/any of my close friends will not be returning/dining to Alize.It's very sad to see such a immaculate staffed restaurant led by a complete douche
1	We had a Groupon to Alize, and wanted to check out what was recommended to us by a couple tourists at the Wynn.We arrived for an early dinner, around 6PM, as we had a show in the Palms that night at 8.  It was slow at Alize, so we were really able to relax and enjoy the views.The presentation here is superb.  The wait staff is knowledgeable, the wine list is excellent (though very expensive, with very few mid-level options), and the appetizers were delicious - we tried the veal cheek.The issue here was the main courses.  They simply weren't very good.  We both ordered our steaks (one rib-eye and one filet mignon) medium rare, and one came out rare (rib-eye) and one came out beyond well-done.  Even at rare, the meat was tough somehow.  The sides were very good, but small.  The potatoes with the filet were fried bits of dough - no taste outside of oils and minimal starch.Needless to say, we didn't stick around for dessert after being underwhelmed with the main courses.If you're looking for a view, check it out for a drink - I just don't recommend staying for the food.  So many options in Las Vegas that dominate this performance.
5	Hands down the most elegant, fanciest restaurant I have ever been to in my entire life. Fist, the view from the top floor of the Palms enables you to see the strip and surrounding area. We went at night and the lights of the strip sparkled like little jewels. But it gets better... The service is incredible and the waiters are at your beck and call. The food... well the terms "melts in your mouth" and "mind boggling" don't really suffice. However, every dish we order was superb and the wine selection was just as magnificent. PS - Order the Filet mignon and lobster soup.... you'll thank me later
5	Among tthe best of the many great restaurnts in Vegas. We were there during Restaurant Week and had a pris fixe meal for $55. All 3 courses were well prepared, and well presented. Unlike some high dollar places, the portions were also very generous.Great food served in a great atmosphere. What more can you ask?(The lobster bisque was by far the best I have ever had.)
4	This place gets 4 stars because the food, view and service, all incredible, however, we did the 7 course menu and dinner/drinks were approx $600 for 2.  The portions are very small and we found ourselves very hungry later that evening.  I've been wanting to try this place because I've heard its one of the best in Vegas, however, it fell short of my expectations.
4	Lucky enough to be in Vegas during Restaurant Week because otherwise I wouldn't have thought twice about eating here on my own wallet! The deal was fantastic, and the food didn't upset. And of course, the view was beautiful, and let's face it, Vegas is just 20 times better at night!Had the lobster bisque (which they gave a way too plentiful heaping of) that I loved, the ribeye (with mashed potatoes and asparagus -- thank god because I'm sick of Chicago restaurants just giving you a hunk of meat on the plate. Beef a la carte is pathetic... but that's a sidenote...) and the chocolate souffle. All pretty divine.  I think we had 3 servers, all attentive and wanting to know how our meal was, it was nice but odd. The chairs and dim lighting made me want to pass out after the meal, similar to after a Thanksgiving feast... On any other night would it be worth the money? Food was great, and view was killer, so I don't know, what's in YOUR wallet?!I left this place wanting nothing but a chair with a back set in front of a blackjack machine. Viva las Vegas.
5	At the very top of the Vegas culinary scene.  After visiting the restaurant several times in the past few years, I can truly say the chef has a great respect for ingredients.  The menu has changed over time but its always been based on quality.  Additionally, the menu has been fine tuned to the American palate.  Far out flavor combinations and ingredients that you can't pronounce have given way to more familiar dishes.  You can order in english.  You no longer need to point.The mainstay of the menu has been the Dover Sole.  It is excellent.The chef's tasting menus are outstanding but know that everyone at the table must agree to try it.  Unless you have not eaten in a week, the seven course menu is too much food.  Souffles are wonderful!The telephone book (if you still remember what that is) size wine list is incredible.  Every region of the world is represented.  You will need sommelier to help you no matter how much you know about wine.  Be very honest about how much you want to spend and you won't be disappointed.Service is impeccable and is adjusted to your tables needs.  You will never be interrupted mid sentence and asked if you are ready for your next course.While you can enjoy a great meal with wine for less than $100 a person, save and splurge here.  On a past visit, dinner for four was $3,200 but the memories of the evening will last forever.
2	I thought the food was good, but the issue with Alize is that the service is horrible.  For that type of service, the food was overpriced.  The view is pretty nice depending on the area of the restaurant that you're seated in.  In all, I would give food a 4, service a 1, ambience a 3, value a 1.
2	great view, great service, food could of been way better and price was way to steep.. i felt like i was paying for the view
4	Silver dome service from a crisply uniformed staff and stunning yet classic decor dress up an otherwise unpretentious meal. Alize brings to mind accessible quality that lends itself to closing a business deal, or meeting the parents, etc... Be prepared for a delicious evolved steakhouse with an endless wine selection...but keep in mind it's more a steakhouse than the standard Michelin starred 'foodie' venue.
3	Not a big fan of absynthe.Overall, though it was a nice meal, I felt that things could have been better.  For a top notch restaurant, the view was best part of my meal with some of the options being a 3 star rating at best.  Oh and the bar selections were poor when you weren't looking at $100+ options.
2	For the price and the location, I had much higher expectations of this establishment.  Service was spotty and frankly the food was vastly overpriced for what you get.  $60 for dover sole?Oh, and the bar has lots of really old bottles of hundred year old whiskey but only carries 5 kinds of vodka?
1	SAVE YOUR MONEY!First of all, I told him it was my wedding night and wanted a good seat. They had us facing the suburbs of vegas instead of the strip. Then our food came. We did the 7 course tasting menu without wine,  $350 later we were hightly disappointed considering what we got. Maybe my expectations were too high but I honestly don't think this place is work the $$$$. Maybe you're paying for the view, just make sure you're facing the Strip. Service was great. I'll give them that.
4	Super delicious food. I had Roasted Venison Loin with Sweet & Sour Cabbage, Wild Mushroom Herb Spaetzle, Poivrade Sauce and Lemon Cream Beignet's. Heaven!
5	We were in town for my boyfriend's birthday and I wanted to make sure he had a good birthday dinner.  Alize was definately a good choice!  Luckily I made reservations far enough in advance and requested a table near the floor to ceiling windows which made for an amazing view.  We got the tasting menu which was perfect to try multiple items.  We opted out of the wine pairing though.  The food was surprising and out of the ordinary.  It was definately worth the pricetag.
3	Here is it. Food- yes, the food was good, more like B+ good, not great though. My dish was really tasty (filet mignon) and it had a lot of sauce added to it. My girlfriend's plate was so so, she had the salmon or sea bass, not too sure which one but it did lack flavor, too bland. We also had the scallops for an appetizer and for $26 for 3 scallops they we not the best tasting by far. Service- They were good too, not the best but good for their restaurant. Our table- the table was not the best and from what I had heard, there was not a bad seat in the house. Yeah, we had a small table in the back corner and it was very uncomfortable, I do not know why they even have a table there. The amazing views of the strip are for only about a third of the restaurant, the rest are not all that (who wants to over look housing?). Atmosphere- Look, if you want to have a quality meal go to Alize, but I will say this you will be bored and after you eat you will want to head back to your room and call it a night. The vibe is for someone who likes food and wants to talk for 2-3 hours after. I thought this place would set me up for a night out, I was totally mistaken. Will I go back? Probably when I feel like treating my parents. Overall- I didn't want to dis this place too much, but you really need to try it out for yourself. The restaurant is very nice and they have a ton of old bottles which can go for 30k each. What average person actually buys that? Go try the place out, you may enjoy it. Cheers
4	I've been here twice and the food is great!  The view is fantastic but we are never seated by the window with the view of the strip.  I think that is window is reserved for big ballers, as I often see lots of business people at that end of the restaurant with lots of expensive wine.  I am in my 20's and I just show up on a special occassion either with my sister or my husband; we are seated with the view of the suburbs but being so high up and seeing the twinkling suburb lights is still a lovely experience.  Both times my bill ends up being over $200 but I definitely don't mind splurging here because I feel like royalty dining here.  Alize puts a lot of effort into the presentation of your dish.  All dishes are covered with chrome domes, and several of the staff unveil the domes at the same time.  The waitor is very descriptive when he explains dishes that I have questions on (unknown ingredients), and they are very prompt.  I also want to mention that the bread here is amazing!  The French put a lot of love into their bread, so delish.  The "experience" here is fantastic and right up my alley: relaxing, upscale, nice view (even though I don't get the prime view), and unique tasting meals.  I'll five it 4.5 out of 5 stars, losing half a point just because I want a prime table, maybe next time I'll speak up and ask for it!
2	Let's play "earn your stars".  I've been here twice, once with a medium sized group and once with a small group.View - positive three starsAmbiance - positive two starsFood - negative one starValue - negative two starsService - zero starsThat nets us at two stars.  The competition is stiff in Vegas and Alize doesn't offer enough value to justify the price.  If your focus is the view, buy a ticket for any observation deck and a hot dog.  If your focus is the food, choose from any of the countless restaurants that offer better food for similar costs.
2	The service was good, but the food not.  You pay for the view.  Go to SF for a real restaurant
3	I guess you can say I had high expectations for this place since it I read good reviews about it and the fact it was on the top floor of Palms and I was familiar with Chef Andre's work.  We were sat right away after arriving in the middle of the restaurant which I was not a big fan due to the fact I wanted a seat by the window for the view.  Here's what we ordered: Pan Seared Scallops appetizer- 3 scallops?! for 29 bucks?! Hmmm..........no thank you 12oz Australian Wagyu- Not what I had expectedand the girlfriend had the Duck which was cooked pretty good. Overall in a nutshell, probably my first and last time here.
1	Dined here last week with my wife and another couple and did not have a good experience.  Great view but they seated us at a table too small for 4 people and away from the windows.  I brought a nice bottle of wine to share with the group and was surprised at the $50 corkage fee until I saw the overpriced wine list.  Few items under $200 in the red wine category.  My friend and I ordered the venison and it was overcooked and served with a tasteless sauce.  My wife had Roast Duck (a classic French dish) and it was served in a sweet, non-french style sauce.  We all ordered Grand Monier souffles and they were also dull in flavor.  With so many great restaurants in town, you can do better than this place.
4	A group of our friends went to Las Vegas for a wedding. This restaurant is where the guys group decided to go for dinner. It was funny because the girls group went to a steakhouse.Honestly, the food is very close to 5 stars, but the service was lacking. We waited almost 40 minutes in between the appetizers and entree. They finally started moving once the groom sarcastically asked for a second round of drinks.  Their old fashioned is excellent! The view from the 56th floor of The Palms was really nice too.I got the escargot appetizer. It was great tasting, although a little small (6 snails). The sauce was awesome with some of the provided bread.For my entree I got the Pan Seared Muscovy Duck Breast with Foie Gras & Black Truffle Terrine, Chorizo Sausage, Quinoa, and Chanterelles.  Two other guys got the Lamb and the groom got the filet.  All of it was delicious. I highly recommend the duck and steak.No dessert for us.
5	One of my favorite locations for a romantic evening in Vegas.  The food is great and the view is phenomenal.  They have an amazing selection of wine which always makes me happy.  Be prepared to pay the price for this evening out but it is so, so worth it.
5	If you really want to spoil yourself come eat at Alize. They're located at the top of the Palms Casino. The service was awesome, we felt like ballers! LOL The food...gosh, I don't even know where to start. My bff and I both ordered the lamb duo -- I think my eyes rolled to the back of my head once or twice. LOL it was so good. The guys ordered two diferrent cuts of steak, which they both enjoyed. The wine, food, service and ambiance was well worth the money we paid. All together about $100 per person =)
3	Tasty food...great view...exceptional service. But I've had much better food for the price paid. Be careful at the bar....$28 peach bellini. Also, not sure if it was honest mistake by the barkeep or not, but I ordered Johnny Walker Black and they served me Jack Daniels. After one sip, I called the waiter and told him it wasnt Johnny. Waiter immediately took care of it and apologized. Again, not sure if it was an honest mistake or if they wanted to stiff me with the bill of quality alcohol but serving me cheap scotch.
4	fantastic view and excellent tasting menu. I am deducting one star because of the outdated decor and the furniture. There were several chairs with ripped fabric and wood chair legs got bruise and bump marks. I wish they will redecorate the place to match the view and the foods.
5	So, is there still romance after 30 years of marriage?  Well, Hubby certainly surprised me with this romantic dinner atop the Palms. Alize has a spectacular view of Vegas at night, and he had arranged for a corner table with roses and chilled champagne waiting.  Sometimes I wonder if the man has lost his mind.  Mind you, we're not rolling in the dough, but this is the same man that will drive MILES just to save $0.01 a gallon - despite my protests that all the gas we burned getting to the bargain gas station has off set the savings.  Never mind, back to romance...We were treated like VIPs by the staff.  Even the chef came out to congratulate us.  Guess 30-years is quite a feat to celebrate in Vegas.  Anyway, besides the outstanding and attentive service (crumbs removed from table, glasses constantly filled, utensils replaced, napkins re-folded when I left the table, etc.Started with foie gras and marinated lobster salad.  The foie gras was nice and pink in the center, and lobster meat was a nice contrast to the celery root.  Main course - I am a sucker for the Dover sole.  Hubby went for the Wagyu NY strip.  Presentation was over-the-top, and the sauces served with the dish were well done.  We were too full for dessert, but opted to go "European" and ordered a cheese tray to go with the remaining dinner wine and the after-dinner brandy.Hubby dropped a nice 'wad-o-dough' but it was the best return for our investment so far in Vegas.  Besides the food, the view really made the meal memorable.  Oh, lest I forget, and to brag to the rest of the Yelpers, Hubby came through with a nice piece of bling that came with the cheese tray.  Gotta love the man!  I think I'll keep him for another 30-years!
5	I have been to many fine restaurants in my life. This is one of the best. The service and food was outstanding. It was our 11th & 12th anniversary- we got married American & Cambodian on successive days, so it was our 6th year. Couldn't have been better.
4	On the Anniversary of our 1st date my boyfriend and I dined here. It also happened to be the 4th of July, so in addition to a delicious meal we also got a window seat to all the fireworks shows happening that night.We both ate off of the Farmer's Market Prix Fix Menu, which changes with the seasons. I had a filet with fois gras and summer vegetables (somehow the chef transformed these into the the most flavorful carrots and squash ever.) We also each ordered a souffle for dessert, mine the Grand Marnier and my boyfriends the Chocolate. Both very scrumptious. The highlight was the window seat where we were literally inches from the outside glittering Las Vegas skyline.The food was delicious, I can't remember everything we had unfortunately, since it was a year ago. Prices were not too unreasonable either. I think we had dinner, dessert and wine and it came to under $140.00 total. One note: There is a niteclub directly adjacent to the restaurant and so we could hear and feel the music througout dinner, but it is Vegas, so it didn't really bother us.
3	It is with great regret that I write this review, not because I had a bad experience, but because when you can't usually afford a place like this, it almost seems like a sacriledge to say something negative about a restaurant with 2 Michelin starts. Nevertheless, I always keep it real for yelp and so will be as honest and thorough as I can.Not gonna lie, I had a little wonder dust in my eye when I walked in and saw the place, got seated by my server and had a napkin placed on my lap ("seriously, I can do it myself... oooh well, ok.. thanks"). The menu looked amazing and so we procedded to order a round of cocktails (a tart martini for me (pomegranate liquor with ginger ale) and appetizers.The tart martini was fine, not amazing but drinkable. The heirloom tomato salad was very very nice- containing a range of different heirloom tomatoes, beets and melons. Very lightly seasoned, but delicious enough that my non-watermelon-eating boyfriend actually enjoyed it. Success.Then on to the main course. I ordered the lamb dish and my other counterparts ordered the steak, the sea bass and the lobster (among other dishes that I did not try and hence will not review). The server told us that main dishes take about 30mins to make because they are made from scratch. I was perfectly fine with this as it promised to be a great meal.My lamb dish was good- alright here it goes: The lamb was cooked well, and it camed with thinly slices potatoes layered with thin pieces of lamb. Separately there were large chunks of lamb that were rubbed in an olive tapenade and cooked that way. To be honest, I have had more flavorful lamb at a lower (almost diner style) restaurants. The lamb was tender but it had no flavor - it didnt seem like it had been marinating in any sauce, and that the cooking time was fast (some of the best lamb dishes get cooked for 8hrs+). The potatoes did not have a lot of seasoning to it and it seemed overall bland. My bf's steak was great, juicy and cooked perfectly. The brocolli souffle that came with it, however, was pretty bland and nothing special (hate to say that I have made better broccoli souffles at home). His mom did not like the sea bass at all- thought it had no flavor (it even came with bacon mashed potatoes) and that it wasn't even coocked properly.Finally, we ordered a chocolate and lime soufflee for dessert. The chocolate one was ok- a little undercooked and lacking fluff. The second one was definitely flulfier, but I could tell the undercooked factor because it tasted predominately like raw egg-whites- not a good sign.The service seemed to be impecable except for one giant giant mistake: According to standard table service, servers should wait until all members of the table are done eating before they can remove all plates. However, the servers here did not wait and removed all plates but 1, leaving my bf as the only one still eating at the table. This is very rude because when you remove other people's empty dishes, you make the (still eating) person pressured and rushed to finish, which is not the dining experience you should be creating.So there you go folks: my (hopefully) super objective opinion about a fancy 2 michelin star restaurant. Feel free to agree or disagree. I am sure everyone has a different dining experience.
3	On my most recent and likely last (for awhile) Vegas trip, my intentions were to eat at some top-notch restaurants...We stayed at the Palms on Thursday night and headed to N9NE for main course and then to Alize' for dessert...Upon entering we were told that we could not be seated at a table for just dessert, that to set the table alone costs $45...(Our rezos were at 10pm, they were almost closed and the manager told us that they need the tables for other guests who were actually dining)We were placed at the bar instead where we had our desserts and drinks:I had a Sauvignon Blanc and the warm chocolate fondant (I love Chocolate), was good, on par with every other restaurant that offers it....My friend though had roasted pears in a pastry shell with glazed nuts and ice-cream....this dish was Out of this world good....Its a very Nice restaurant to dine in and the view is amazing...I gave three stars b/c I imagine the actual food is grand, but the waitstaff (particularly our bartender who reminded us of Kris Jenner and waiters who felt sorry for us b/c we did not get a table) is what really made our visit....and there were empty tables from the time we entered to the time we left....One of the waiters even gave us their free after dessert drink which was a whiskey with bourbon cherries, very good!Also my other girlfriend needed a pick me-up for the rest of the night and wanted a coffee drink with liquor..."Kris" offered her an espresso with Sam Buca in it and guaranteed her she would stay up all night...True to her word...my friend stayed up till 8am!
5	I saved my 100th Yelp review for my Birthday dinner, and a very special restaurant. Alize, on top of the Palms is and exquisite place to eat with a spectacular view, and a huge wine list that is actually presented to you on an iPad. Atmosphere - 5 View - 5 Food - 5 Wine - 5 Service - 5 Overall Experience - 5 If you are eating at this restaurant, you need to order the 7 course chef tasting menu and the wine pairing. The cost will be about $200 per person when you are all finished, but believe me, if you are looking for a stellar experience, amazing food, wine, service and overall execution, you need to order this. Each dish arrived with a glass a wine that was perfectly paired with the food. As a sommelier, I truly appreciate a perfect wine and food pairing, and I was not disappointed. The staff was amazing - professional, cordial, loved their job, and couldn't have done a better job. I was impressed. I will eat here again when I visit Las Vegas...I am already wondering what the new items will be on the chef pairing menu...and of course, what delicious wines I will find perfectly paired.
3	Good food, not awesome. Service was slow. Our reservation was at 930. For thee people, drinks, appetizers and entrees, without desert... We didn't leave untill midnight. Then,the next day, I found out if you eat at Alize, you are entitled to free passes and entrance into the ghost bar...which out of the 7 staff members we encountered, all failed to mention that to us. Great view and food presentation.
1	My mother always says "If you can't say something nice, don't say anything at all". I am taking this to heart, as I really have nothing good to say about Alize. The manager refused to sit us lovely ladies at a table and shoved us to the bar. He said it would cost too much to set a table just for dessert. Ok, that is it I have said too much. Point is do not waste time on this place!
5	This is going to be a long review as there is much to say...I came here while visiting Las Vegas, sadly my brother had left the day before so I was in the city by myself mainly playing poker. I love trying new food places and I wanted to do fine dining at least once before I left sin city and settled on Alize. So I ended up fine dining solo, dropping $200 by myself the food was awesome but it was an odd experience haha. Anyway on to the review___I opted for the 7 course menu ($125) with wine pairings ($75)Food:1) Heirloom Tomato Salad -- One of my favorite courses of the entire list, beautiful presentation, flavors were perfect, came with a Shallot Vinaigrette and a thin slice of watermelon which I thought was the touch that brought everything together.2) Sauteed Diver Scallop -- Arrived on a potato crepe and a spicy shrimp bisque, scallop was cooked nicely and the bisque was a nice complement, good second course.3) Duo of Foie Gras -- This for me was just ok, the first preparation came as a sandwhich style cold to me it was nothing special, the second preparation was hot with an apricot chutney that was pretty good but not as good as the first two courses.4) Seared Duck with Chorizo Sausage and Baby Bok Choy -- Paired with some Merlot Cab blend from France, it was an interesting wine different from what I've tasted before, don't even know how to describe it except it was mellow and kind of earthy? This dish was pretty good I'd put it behind the scallop and even the salad but it was tasty. 5) Roasted Veal Loin, Oyster Mushrooms, Yellow Corn, Truffle Port Jus -- Definitely my favorite dish of the night, 10 out of 10, not so much for the Veal (it was good but I'd just as easy have a different cut of steak) but everything else worked so well together the mushroom, the truffle sauce, the corn was sweet, so much going on yet simple, by far the favorite which for the main course is a home run.6)  Manchego Cheese Apricot Compote and Pecans -- Paired with a nice Zinfandel, I was pretty full by this point cheese was good but no wow factor7) Dessert came in two sets first the Kiwi sauce Yogurt Sorbet was pretty good and light, but the real winner was dessert #2 a cherry cheesecake with a graham cracker crust, easily the best cheesecake I've ever had in my life it was perfect.Service:My server Thierry was very friendly and very helpful with explaining each dish and the wine pairings that accompanied them. The runners were fast to change silverwear and remove dirty dishes, and finally the timing of the food was absolutely perfect.Overall:Alize was one of the best tasting menus I've had. The price was definitely cheap but I enjoyed my experience. The view is fantastic and this is probably one of the most romantic places I could imagine bringing someone, presentation for the food is great it's a must try if you love tasting menus and fine dining.
5	5 stars all the way! Impeccable service and the food is absolutely delicious. Me and my wife along with our friends decided to splurge ourselves with a nice dinner before see a Vegas show. And boy Alize did not disspoint. We started off with Foie Gras, 3 ways. The terrine and the sandwich(?) preparation was delicous but the seared foie gras was a homerun. Succulent, juicy, and mouth-watering. After that we had a tiny peach-like sherbet to cleanse our palette. That 'tiny' sherbet is exlpoding with flavor. For the main course, I had a wagyu NY steak and my wife had Pan Seared Muscovy Duck Breast. Now I know how wonderful wagyu beef is. If I were to describe it ,it's like the full flavor of a rib-eye with the butter-iness of a filet mignon. With smoke bacon and a Pinot Noir sause, it is everthing I can imagine that perfectly compliments the steak. The chamonix potato though is somewhat lost with all the full flavors around it. My wife's Duck breast was excellent too. For our dessert, we shared a warm chocolate fondant. For me, thay have taken cocolate to a new level! the chocolate fondant was so delicious, it even topped itself when it was paired with the lime sherbet, a perfect combination.The wait staff have a flawless attention to detail. We felt pampered. The sommelier even has an iPad for you to use to brose their selection of wines, cool! Lest I forget the absolutely stunning scenery of Las Vegas, the atmosphere in this resturant is romantic and scerene, especially during sunsets. Alize is 5 stars across the board.
5	AWESOME!We've been there three times and every time it is fabulous!Breathtaking views of the Strip from the Top of the Palms casino.Excellent food and service. 5 stars all the way!Tip - Let them know if it is a special occasion and they'll do something special for you. We celebrated my wife's birthday and they brought her a special birthday menu, which was pretty cool.Check them out, you will not be disappointed!
5	Perfect! Everything was absolutely perfect!
5	I don't hand out alot of 5-Star ratings, but in my opinion Alize deserves one. Where should I start...the amaziing view of the Las Vegas skyline and strip from atop the Palms is simply awesome. Everyone I encountered from Nikki who took my reservation and made a few special requests come to reality to the hostess and wait staff was perfect. The food was also amazing, I had the Dover Sole which was the best fish entree I have ever had in my life, prefectly prepared, perfectly portioned, perfectly delicious! They also have an impressive wine list and house specialty cocktail list. They have an in-house pastry chef that prepaired a beautiful and delicious customized ( I sent in a photo) Fondant cake for us(that was one of my special requests) . Their attention to detail was excelent, they really made our party feel special, when making your reservations be sure to mention is you are celebrating a special occasion such as a birthday, graduation, engagment, anniversary, etc. because when we opend our menus they were customized and said "Happy Birthday", these are the little attentions to detail that set Alize apart from the rest of the great places to dine in Vegas, which is in my opinion the dining capital of the world these days.
4	Met my wife at her conference at the Rio and made that short walk to the Palms for dinner...it was like stepping out of pergatory and entering heaven...no offense to the Rio folks, but your best days, if you had them, are behind you.  Took the ride up to Alize and the views are spectacular...we were seated one row from the window seats and looked piningly at the heads of those with better views.  Service was great, as expected.  Took the recommendations of the french-accented waiter...I orderd the lamb and my wife the sole...it took a while for the food to arrive...I timed conversation well so that just as the main course arrived I would have exhausted by pithy comments..with a flourish they brought sterling covered plates to our table and...voila...they uncovered the wrong dish (filet mignon with some brown sauce)...now we had to wait another 20 minutes for our food...they got it right this time and the food was excellent.  With a little prodding they allowed up to go the Playboy room which has even better views both of the city and card dealers.  I will say, all of the employees we met at the Palms were aggressively kind...if there is something positive about economic decline...folks appreciate their jobs apparently a lot more.
5	Ordered the 7 course tasting menu.  Excellent flavors and impeccable service.  My husband had the 5 course tasting menu.  Great view,  Nice wine selection...had Chardonnay and Malbec.  Good choices. Good idea for watermelon pairing with heirloom tomatoes and balsamic vinegar.  Duck breast and spicy quinoa was a good pairing.  Loved the poached pear.  Beautiful plating and dish selections.
4	We were there for a wedding, so our food was different from their regular menu. The hot appetizer trio had braised pork belly (delicious!), crispy medallions of calamari (ok) and seared foie gras with toasted brioche (scrumptious).The phyllo wrapped baked Anjou pear salad was pretty good and the main dish of honey almond crusted rack of lamb was melt-in-your-mouth yumminess.
5	This place was the most amazing place by far to eat in Las Vegas. The staff was amazingly conscious of us and our needs. Very nice, always refilling our drinks, and on top of everything we asked for. We even got a few desert treats from the Chef. For an app we had Calamari, and holy cow. All we kept saying was "wow".My husband had the ribeye, medium rare, and he couldn't stop raving about it. Hes a huge steak guy and is so very picky about how well his meat is prepared. This was stellar.I had Irish Seared Salmon with Crab. Wonderfully prepared, the potatoes it came with were beyond delicious. Our desert was a chocolate fondant with vanilla bean ice cream. BEST DESERT EVER. The chocolate was sweet without being overpowering or too rich. The ice cream had a buttery and sweet taste that (being from Wisconsin) rivals even the best ice cream Ive ever had.This is a place that is well worth the price. We spent $150 for a martini, an app, 2 entrees, and desert. Well worth it! We are planning to make this a place to eat every time were in Vegas.OHHH.. and the view.. SPECTACULAR!
5	Awesome views, service, and food!! Great selection of wine on an iPad. You have to order the Dover Sole - hands down the best entree I've ever had.
4	Phenomenal view!Great experience. Dover sole good but the truffles potato mash was incredible. I also loved the music selection and great eclectic drinks. Definitely one of best restaurants in the city.
5	Amazing.The view was amazing, the food was amazing and the service was phenomenal. I came with three friends and all of us ordered the Christmas tasting menu. Foie gras, calamari, rib-eye... My god, it was an experience. One of the best 7-course meals I have tried thus far. The waiter suggested an amazingly mixed cocktail...that hit the spot  and the other wait service were all just as amazing, accommodating and polite. I'm a sucker for pretentious gimick, so i tickled me pick with all the bougie etiquettes on par.From left side serving to the announcement of every course, we were all impressed with the attentiveness of the staff. This is definitely customer service at it's best and it's so incredibly refreshing to see waiters who take their jobs seriously and yet still seemingly enjoy working. The decoration was clean and beautiful. As mentioned countless time, ambiance is incredibly important to me. I love the lighting and the whole atmosphere. It was definitely a worthy experience. I paid $175 for my whole meal and I think it was worth every cent! From my cocktail to a SEVEN course meal that left me so full, I'm definitely coming back if I have the chance!
5	Went there for New Year's Eve. Had been once before a couple of years ago. On both occasions we were there with another couple....good friends and "foodies" also. In short, it's a great restaurant. The view is breathtaking of course. But what is actually a bit surprising is that the food and service are also outstanding. Surprising because the restaurant is in the Palms so it could easily get by selling the great view (while serving mediocre food), to the Kim Kardashian crowd. But it takes itself very seriously, and it seems to exist in a world apart from the rest of the hotel.In short....a great experience that will not disappoint.
5	They accommodated for vegans! Great food, great atmosphere and great service! Had a great time!
5	What a view!!!  Real nice decor, professional service, and prices that I could tolerate (when in Vegas) make this place a winner.I'll be back - thanks Andre!
4	Don't know how. But a drunk and crazy, possibly homeless guy, got into the restaurant and screamed, "Y'ALL GOT SOME RED BEANS AND RICE IN THIS MOTHA *expletive deleted*?!?!? Truly hilarious, made our night. If you've been in up here, you'd understand how strange this was. I mean, how the hell did the guy get through security, up the elevator, past the host, and all the way to a table. Priceless!Anywhoo, our dinner was very good. It was a while back, but all I know is the view alone is worth the visit. When we dined, there was a whole bunch of heat lightening going on in the distance, simply beautiful atmosphere. Most of what we had is no longer on the menu. So wont go trying to guess my way through a dinner we had over 2 years ago. Their plating was masterful, unforgettable drink list (aperitifs, cocktails, wines, cordials, etc.), and beautiful decor. The food was good, but we felt slightly let down due to our high expectations and the total cost. However, I would not say the total experience wasn't worth it. We had a very fun time. Alize has a beautiful view, with equally beautiful cuisine. Dining here will likely be an unforgettable experience.
1	My wife took me to Alize for my 30th birthday. I was so excited about the meal and the view was exceptional.  The food on the other hand not so much.  We had 8 people in our group and not one of us walked away thinking the food was worthy of a 3 star restaurant.  For starters, I ordered the 7 course wine pairing.  After the second course I asked my waiter when does my wine pairing start.  He then brought out 3 glasses of wine with my next course with out apologizing. I now had  3 glasses of wine which I had drink before the next courses came out.   Our third course was scallops my absolute favorite at every restaurant except here.  I looked up at the rest of our group and we all were trying to force the scallops down, because they were so bad.  I honestly did not  know you could mess up scallops.  Anyway we had to send back the scallops and the meal continued to get worse.  Steaks were well done on a medium rare order.  I would not recommend this restaurant to any one with a decent taste of what fine dinning is. It was Terrible!
5	Beautiful view + awesome view! Came here during Las Vegas restaurant week and they had a great deal going on. 3 choose for $50...great price! My filet mignon  melted in my mouth with its juiciness. Paired it with a glass of white wine. Ambience was goodalong with the  phenomenal service. Highly recommended!
3	I came here in 2009, and was underwhelmed. great view, but the food was not quite michelin star quality (almost like it was trying too hard).
2	Exceptional view and exceptional food!!!  However service was less than mediocre. We were greated by a server who offered us a drinks' menu and never came back. Next thing we know he is helping other customers ( I guess those customers were more important).Another server showed up a while later asking what we were going to have for dinner, and he mentioned if we wanted souffle for dessert we have to order at the time we order dinner. We said yes we want to try the souffle. When our dinner was served we asked the server to take our picture, he said "I am serving food when I am done I will take it, guess what "he never came back." To top their mediocre service they forgot about our souffle. The manager told us there was an accident with souffles when everyone else was enjoying theirs.  I don't know if any other reviewer had this experience but I and my husband noticed that this place is playing favorites in a very obvious way. It was our first wedding anniversary, I and my husband wanted everything perfect. However, even if you are willing to pay for such high priced restaurant to have the best experience, it can be ruined very easily by unprofessional service.
3	Another trip to Vegas and the wife loves French food so I thought I would take her to Alize.  Its at the top of Palms Casino and we got a corner table with an awesome view of the Vegas strip!  The restaurant itself has minimal decor.  One cool thing was the wine list came out on ipads so you can just choose whatever category and scroll down.  We decided on the 7 course tasting menu.  Overall it was good but did not meet my high expectations.Tiger Poached Shrimp- I'm not a big fan of cold shrimp.  This dish was just average although the hazelnuts really added a nice crunch and excellent toasty flavor.Diver Scallops- My favorite of the menu.  Scallops were nicely cooked although kinda thin.  Very herby broth with a great flavor.Duo of Foie Gras- Sauteed Foie was excellent but this is something that every restaurant has and hey..... how can you mess up foie?  The other foie was a foie terrine mille feuille.  Nice foie flavor but nothing that wowed me.Duck Breast- Actually a very nice smokey flavored duck breast.  But, I got just 3 thin slices and there was some tendon running through it that made it chewy.Rib Eye- Perfect medium rare, nice smokiness, and an almost crispy crust that was oh so good.Macerated Strawberries and Funnel Cake- I've had this at every fair I've ever been to so I was kinda disappointed with this.  Tasted just like every other strawberry and funnel cake I've ever had.Chocolate Yuzu Custard- Very chocolatey, creamy texture, kinda semi-bitter.The service was impeccable, everyone was very nice and acomodating.  All in all a nice evening but I don't know that I had a wow moment at this restaurant.
5	I came her for a birthday a few years ago and can't get this place out my head.The food was great, the wine was exquisite and the decor was beautiful!Escargot was equal to those I ate in Paris.
2	It's been a couple years since we ate here, but I'm making my list of Michelin-starred restaurants and forgot that I never Yelped Alize. This was my first real "fine dining" experience, and I wasn't terribly impressed. Now that I've been to other greats like Cyrus and French Laundry, I'm even less impressed. The food was heavy and overly sauced, and the service was pretty damn snooty. Great view, but nonetheless, give Alize a miss - like most things in Vegas, it's overpriced, overhyped, and underwhelming.
3	i came here for a friends birthday while we were in vegas. i wasnt too hungry so i tried to order what i thought was going to be the least filling. i ordered the duck breast that came with mashed potatoes and some kind of custard pie with foie gras on top with a lobster bisque soup for a appetizer. the food also came with bread and some kind of ceviche. the soup tasted like blended pizza which i liked but was very rich. ive never had bisque before but i ordered it because the menu said minimum was $45 per person. when i asked the waiter, he confirmed but my friend only ordered $40 worth of food and it seemed to be fine? the duck was okay. it was different than what i had imagined it to be. the foie gras was good but it was weird with the custard pie. i thought it didnt mix well. i thought the overall meal was very rich  and sweet. ive tried my friends food (classy) and no way in hell is that sole worth $70. the lamb however was cooked perfect and tasted pretty good.the service was excellent at this place. it also might have helped that we had a big party. some always came by to make sure we were taken care of. the view of this restaurant is one of the best ive seen. its at the top of the palm hotel. i would ask to sit next to a window if i went again. i think its worth a visit if you are at the palms hotel.
5	Four of us dined here. The view is fantastic!  We had the venison, the sole, the duck, and the chicken. Every dish was OUTSTANDING! The presentation alone was amazing!  Our Captain, Silvano gave us excellent recommendations and was a delight. You must ask to be seated at one of his tables. I must go back next trip to Vegas!
5	Basically - if the cost of this place isn't going to make you stress out ($100+ per person) then it is awesome.  If you are going to sweat the $$$ you probably won't have as great a time.  Also, be ready to settle in for a 1-2 hour dining experience - especially if you get one of the multi-course tasting menus. Practically every table has a great view from the top floor of the Palms tower, through glass walls, looking onto a panoramic view of the Vegas strip.  We try to make a reservation for half-an-hour before sunset so we can watch the Vegas skyline transition from daytime to nightime neon. So it is a bit like a dinner and a slow show.I've been here several times - mostly on the basis that they offer a 5 and 7 course vegetarian menu with optional wine pairings.  This restaurant is great example of how if you let really good chefs be creative, they will create beautiful looking, tasty vegetarian food.  They also modified items on the tasting menu to accomodate my gluten-free wife.Most recently I took my parents there for their 70th birthday and I knew they would stress the money - even though I was paying - so when I made the reservation, I asked the host to print a menu for our table with no prices on it.
4	Went here for Restaurant Week 2012. The atmosphere is very nice and since they are located at the top of the Palms hotel you get an awesome view of the strip (very romantic).  I ordered from the Restaurant Week tasting menu. I had the the beef tenderloin with jumbo shrimps (delicious) with the chilled potato and leek vichyssoise for the appetizer (rich, yet refreshing) and chocolate coeur a la creme with orange cream for dessert (very rich). We also ordered their escargots du burgogne and crab cake.  The escargots was drenched in butter and garlic, as it should be. Very tasty, rich, and tender. The crab cake although a little pricey ($18 for one cake) is well worth it. It barely had any filler and was practically all crab meat, plus it was light as air. Service was fantastic and the servers were very attentive to our needs. Be prepared to spend a couple hours for dinner. This place isn't slow, it's just a place where the food comes out at a pace where it should be savored and enjoyed.
5	Amazing view and service. We can't wait to get back for the tasting menu!
3	Amazing view, good services, good food.
4	Every time I'm in Vegas, I hit this place. I was just there last weekend but was so preoccupied eating I forgot to check in! Lame me.So I see there are some people who are saying it's overpriced. I won't lie, over the past 5-7 years, the portion sizes have indeed gone down, and in some respects, yes, the creativity. However, the QUALITY of the food has not gone down in MOST cases, though yes, I do see them making more mistakes in that regard over time. Also, the quality of staff service is becoming more inconsistent, which given the price tag I don't think you can allow. To wit:SERVICEWaitstaff was not on point on our visit, where we blew over $1K on multiple tasting menus, two bottles of pricy wine, and add-ons. They were a B+, which, for that kind of money, is not acceptable. The very first time I went to Alize, years ago, they were so impeccable with their timing of presentation, no mistakes made, no details missed, every time you moved there was someone suddenly standing there ready to attend you, or adjusting something for you, catching all the little details. For example, at this level of restaurant, you shouldn't even have to move your own glasses, for the prices they are charging you. If your glasses are in their way trying to present a plate to you, your main waiter presents and another guy comes under him to adjust what he needs to and make way. On this trip, I kept moving stuff around for my WAITER. I am not eating at Chevy's people, this is a starred meal, what is going on? Don't get me wrong, I come from a working class family. I am more than happy to move stuff around for people if I'm at Chevy's. But when I pay you this kind money, I expect you to meet that. Also wait staff switched two people's appetizers, one of whom was eating the tasting menu, another of whom had ordered a la carte. One waiter gave one friend at the table an elaborate presentation of her dessert (he presented, cut into her desert, elaborately poured on a sauce)  then left the table to go somewhere else. Two other people who got the same dessert were just handed the dessert as is, then forgotten. Someone had to flag another waiter to ask them to come back with the sauce, which we then got to pour on ourselves. We had multiple conversations with at least two wait staff serving our table who were not up to par with the rest of the staff (confused, missing things, forgetting things, rushing around stressed out) and you can see things slipping here.Aside from that, though, the staff was nice and friendly and personable. They were definitely well meaning, they just weren't on the ball.WINEThe sommelier saw me eyeing the wine list and early on Sat nite was eager to help out. Picked a great wine. I let him go slightly over budget. It was delicious and worth it. As mentioned by others, your beverage list is on an ipad which definitely makes it neat and fun and easy to evaluate your drink options. Sommelier was friendly and felt a bit like a dapper gentleman with a sparkle in his eye.FOODThe whole show so far would have been a 3. The food won me back to a 4. It wasn't perfect, but it was enough.- Seared foie gras. Someone else says you can't mess up foie gras. Um, ignore him. I have had all kinds, all over the world, and will tell you that THIS foie? Orgasmic. It is a hint on the too sweet side, but is still amazing. If you could have "lean" foie gras that won't make you gag on its richness, that's what this was. The puree beneath it, paired with the Saturne? Blew my mind.- Carpaccio : This was my all time favorite dish the very first time I came to Alize. This was what made me keep coming back, to find it again. But after that first time, they never made it the same way. The dish gets more and more mediocre. The first time it came on a giant platter with different dips and sauces and crackers. Each time I've had it, there's less to accompany and the meat tastes tender, but not as flavorful as the last time.- Shrimp and scallop dish. My friend loved her scallops, I tried it, was great. The shrimp however, were mediocre.- Dover sole: Signature dish. Very very good, I am very glad I had this in the tasting menu otherwise I would have felt only the foie gras were worth my time and been angry. Sweet with a hint of tartness, bright and smooth and rich.- I had a rare something, filet mignon maybe it was tender and good, but red meet is not my thing.- I had some pork loin on the tasting menu, I ate it, and don't remember it. It was passable.- The amuse bouche the first trip to Alize blew my mind - this time, along with the palate cleanser , everything's forgettable.- Souffle - great texture. Not amazing. I would have preferred to switch to another dessert but didn't bother asking. I ordered the butterscotch. Kind of meh. Unless you love that flavor I recommend you do another flavor.-  As mentioned, wines were great. I ordered one cocktail and it was foul, barely touched it. It was citrus based.
5	Hubby and I went to the bar at Alize before seeing Joe Walsh.  The bartender was very friendly, and it was a warm, fun experience.  It is definitely a splurge, but well worth it.  Also, I really appreciated the kind service from the staff running the podium downstairs--not snobby at all.  Can't wait to return.
4	I love this place. Very good food..
4	Excellent food, superior service, and by far the best view in Vegas! Definitely check Alize (located at the top of the Palms hotel) out the next time you're in Vegas!
4	This is a swanky place reserved for special occasions. We dined here on a Sunday and there were only couple of other tables occupied. The view is very romantic as the restaurant is located on the 54th floor of The Palms. It is one of those places that is uncomfortably quiet with elevetor-esque music playing. My boyfriend kept on whispering at first until we got more comfortable and adjusted to the atmosphere. Our server was extremely attentive and had a great attitude. We started off with some cocktails. The wine and cocktail list is presented on the Ipad and left at your table so you can browse the several categories. Once you see something that you like you simply select to order it. Boyfriend had the Devil's Pancake which was a bourbon based drink and extremely potent and delicious. The ginger after taste was just amazing. I had a vodka based cocktail called French (and some # which I forgot). It was extremely delicious..it had Grey Goose and a sugared rim..with fresh raspberries garnish. So good!The menu features a la carte menu or the chef's 7course tasting menu which was $125. We opted to go the a la carte route this time. As an appetizer we had Seared Pork Belly which was pretty good...it came with white cheddar polenta under and a quail egg on top. On the first bite I though the pork belly tasted a little overcooked..but combined with the polenta and runniness of the egg it worked really well. As an entree I opted for the good ol Filet Mignon medium and boyfriend went with Almond Crusted Rack of Colorado Lamb also medium. My contention was that my steak was unevenly cooked, yet his lamb was pretty consistently medium. The fact that my steak was not cooked evenly is the reason I am taking off a star. If I am at a place where I am paying over $50 for a small piece of meat, I'd prefer it blow me away. I would say given the option I would have gone for the lamb as that was just perfect. We opted to skip dessert and order another round of cocktails instead. At the end of dinner we asked the waiter to take our picture who responded with "It would be my pleasure." That was very gracious of him. We definitely did not experience any of the snootiness or bad attitude from any of the staff that some of the other reviews mention. It was a great restaurant for a perfect romantic evening out.
5	The presentation and service is outstanding!!!! All of the food was cooked to perfection and on top of it all, there is a great view. The price was definitely worth the happiness my taste buds experienced!
3	For the price and the amount of food you get, I think it's only ok.  I'm a small little girl with a tiny stomach. I went to earls afterwards and put down a salad, a soup, and half a sandwich.  The service was great tho.  It's just a little too quiet in here for me. I almost fell asleep.
5	Gorgeous view. Great food. Beautiful atmosphere. had the pan seared pork belly for an app. Then Dover sole as a main. The fish was soo good. Accompanied with a bottle similar to "pouliefousse" white wine. Definitely a place to go take someone for a special occasion. + neat how they have 20 iPads just around for tables to browse and order with. Michelin level for a reason.
5	My absolute favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  Drop dead views, incredible service and amazing food.  Mom loves rack of lamb, and even though it wasn't on their menu, they agreed to make it for us (we called in advance) and it was the best rack of lamb we've ever had! (sorry, Carl)
5	Suck it Joel Rubichon. This place is fantastic. One of the best meals ever. Great service and fantastic food. The foie gras was the best I had in Vegas by far.   Ramsey and Flay wish they could cook this good. The duck was creative and delicious. This is a must try.  The fantastic view is merely a bonus. Your great dessert will leave you floating in the clouds.  I would never have entered the palms if not for this place.   Other restauranteurs should dine here to learn how service is supposed to work. This place was firing on all cylinders. Do not miss. I don't give 5 stars lightly but this meal was absolutely flawless.
5	Yummm... so happy I took my husband here for his birthday dinner. Took a cab to the Palms and went up to the top. The views are awesome so try to get a window table if you can. Service is very good. The food is amazing - everything was cooked perfectly and had such wonderful flavors. It's a little pricey, but definitely worth it for a delicious meal with top notch service and views.
5	It was a perfect way to spend Valentine dinner.  Perfect view, amazing staff and the food is beyond awesome
5	Too many things to mention overall. But don't miss out on the Dover Sole. It is awesome.
5	Alize was outstanding.  This is a new favorite for us in Las Vegas.  The views of the Las Vegas skyline are stunning, and I highly recommend visiting at sunset or after dark where the city and traffic provide constant entertainment.The food was incredible, and while it's not given away, it would be worth the price even without the dramatic and romantic setting.  I've had less appealing meals at much higher priced restaurants in Las Vegas.  Highly recommended.
3	We looked over reviews for several restaurants before deciding upon Alize. All in all, a pretty decent meal was enjoyed, but for $400. without ordering a bottle of wine, decent shouldn't have been the opinion we were left with. I tried the filet with foie gras & shaved black truffles. This was exceptional. My girlfriend ordered the lobster thermadore; and while the presentation was impressive, the lobster was on the tough side. The main area of contention with us was the sommelier. we asked for him to make a choice by glass, as we we're going in such different directions with entrees. I briefly looked at price points for reds, and they topped out at just under $30.I didn't  bother with the list for the white wine, and left that to him. The surprising reveal looking over the bill, was the white wine (Montrachet ) was $47. a glass. I payed the bill, decided against mentioning it at the moment, but ran into the sommelier in the hall on the way out. When I asked him why he didn't point out the quite high price point for the white, he replied " maybe you're not use to dining in restaurants of this caliber"  What an arrogant ass!. We dine in restaurants of this caliber, but no one wants to get blindsided with paying nearly fifty bucks for a glass of wine. The manage heard about our rant from the Ghost Bar bar keep, and contacted me to hear the story, and offer a credit on the bill. Well done by him. Hopefully the sommelier will have more consideration and tactwith his patrons in the future. This should on the main page review, but the stupid system fails again. I take the time to write this review only for it to be placed where few can see it.  A waste of time.
5	Foie gras. Oh, foie gras.  Nothing surprising.  Amazing food, great drinks, spectacular views, top-notch service and high prices.  There are so many incredible places in Vegas, but this is a must-visit at some point if you're celebrating something or if you just want to have a luxurious meal.
4	The atmosphere was great, not too loud but just right with acceptable talking levels, lighting was really nice and set for the mood and tone of the restaurant, entry is distinct with being walked to the elevator upon check in on the bottom level and the host on the top level as well, upper class appearance from decorations and staff, customer service was great as well. When being seated all chairs are pulled out for each dinner party member and napkin placed on lap, silverware was clean, complimentary bread was always hot and served with room temperature butter, also provided cleansing palette treat before first course, meal was fantastic, liked the nice touch of keeping the food covered until everybody received there meal.
2	We reserved a table during Reataurant Week and were told by our concierge that Alize was a participant in the Restaurant Week program of which a three course meal could be purchased from a special select menu for $50 per person. When we were seated we told our waiter why we were there and he acted like he understood. When we were done our bill was $360 for my husband and I. When we questioned the waiter he responded that we only ask about the program and didn't specify that was what we wanted....we feel that he knew what we wanted he just saw an opportunity and took advantage of it. If you choose to eat there beware of unexpected charges from waiters without integrity. The quality of food was good but not as good as Mesa Grill where we enjoyed dinner the next night where they were a proud participant of the Restaurant Week.
4	Amazing food.  Great drinks.  Top notch service.  Incredible view.For the four of us with two appetizers, two cheese plates, four entrees, one dessert, and six cocktails, the price was pretty steep--$590 with tip.Not exactly inexpensive, but for a special occasion, not terrible.I'll be back for sure.  I'd love to try the tasting menu.
4	my wife and I ate here after we got married and it definitely has the jaw-dropping view. the service was superb and the food was delicious, although it didn't blow us away. definitely a worthy spot for a special occasion.
5	Alize is top notch!  Our entire dining experience was exceptional.  It began with an amazing view, followed by delicious wine, wonderful ambience, impeccable service, the best Dover Sole I have ever eaten.  Our visit was to celebrate a birthday, and our restaurant choice truly made the trip to Vegas worthwhile.
5	Upon stepping out of the elevator, I was greeted by a warm decor with dark wood-paneled walls and marble statuettes. The atmosphere was definitely romantic, muted, quiet and somewhat airy - quite fitting considering I'm near the top floor of the Palm's hotel and casino. We were seated at a window table which has a breath-taking view of the Strip and a brightly lit view of the surrounding city. As I'm not entirely crazy for fancy places, I really appreciated this view more than anything. Alize's menu has two options: a tasting and an a la carte menu. We ordered from the a la carte one instead since I'm not much of an eater. He got the ahi tuna and I asked for the duck, with the chocolate fondant and ginger ice cream for desserts. If you enjoy fish, in particular ahi tuna, you will probably like this dish; although I've tasted several similar dishes at nearby places with a much lower price. My duck came with foi gras sausages and baby potatoes. The potatoes were undercooked, I mean seriously? How do you mess up potatoes? The duck was very tender, however and delicious and so were the sausages. The highlight of the evening was our dessert - a warm round piece of chocolate sitting happily on a plate next to a scoop of amazing ginger ice cream. As we made our way to the middle of the chocolate, its gooey and warm center blew us away! Out of this world, this item!
5	I would normally write a long, thoughtful review of a restaurant of this quality, but it mostly has all been written so this is short, sweet, and simple. Great view. Great food.Very friendly staff. Expensive (it is supposed to be)I ordered the tasting w/ wine pairing and everything was fantastic. My only "complaint", not even sure it is a complaint, is that the pairing had too many white wines selected. That said, one of the pairings was a sweet white wine (Reisling I think) with the foie gras. Holy $4!1 batman - that was amazing. Perfectly seared, tiny little sea salt sprinkled on top, then BAMMM, the reisling to kiss it. If you are at the Palms, here is my recommendation. Even if you aren't sure about spending this much money or aren't that hungry, no matter what you do, go up to Alize and at least sit in the bar and order this one dish with this wine pairing. I don't know if they have rules against that, but if they do, offer to pay double - it is still worth it.
5	Oh yeah...another Michelin star restaurant added to my book. We were a pretty big party of 11 including our kids venturing into the fine dining experience. This time it's Alize in Las Vegas at the top of the Palms hotel. First of all let me start by stating that I ordered the chef's 7 course tasting menu which is the basis of my five stars...had i only ordered certain a-la-carte items my rating might have been different, such as the Chilean Sea Bass which I would have preferred to have had a nice crispy skin and a lot less sauce/broth and what ever else was swimming around in it. This is one of my favorite choices of fish, I wish they would've kept the dish a little more simple. Also, the pork belly, though it was tasty and tender, I felt was nothing too special. Now, with that said, the tasting menu was great! Everything from the lobster bisque, and NO, it's nothing like the bisque one gets at Red Lobster...to think so shows just how uncouth you are, to the King Crab wth Black Truffles tucked in between the meat, to the Rib-eye that was soo tender and flavorful and of course, drumroll please..the Foie Gras. Whomever banned this stuff from California should have their taste buds hung. The generous amounts of Black Truffles and good portions of Foie Gras all contributed to a great dinner. I've come to the realization that just because a place has a Michelin star does not mean the food is automatically good and memorable, this is one of those places that got it right...at least with the tasting menu items anyway.
4	The only reason to go to Palm.  Walk past everything on the casino floor to the elevator up to Alize and take in the best view of Las Vegas while experiencing one of its best gastronomic performances.  If you can snag a window table, and there are many, you will never forget the time well spent.  Service is attentive and informed, wonderful wines, sublime menu, and a hearty check.  Loved it.
4	We came here on a date night and ordered their 7 course tasting menu. It is a typical french restaurant so if you have things planned at a certain time, you should give a good 3 hours at this place , especially if you are trying the tasting. The view is breath taking. They have one side facing the Strip where you can see the busy traffic and another side facing mostly residential areas, calm and nice with lights scattered all over just like the stars in the sky. Our server is very knowledgeable, he explains every course, ingredients, way of cooking as well as the origin and special points of the wine, Each course has a different bottle of wine paired. Both me and my boyfriend's favorite is Seared Ahi Tuna. It is half raw in the inside and nicely seared all around. Amazing! The only little complain I had is that after 11pm, ghost bar starts to play really loud music and we can hear it in the restaurant. I think it gets louder at some point that the glass windows are shaking which breaks the romantic,intimate mood of the restaurant. But overall, I have a great impression of this restaurant and we will certainly return.
4	A lot has been written about this place, certainly one of the top places to eat in Las Vegas.  A spectacular view and top-notch service complement outstanding new French food.  The wine list comes on an iPad and while it's cool to do that, the interface and organization of the list is cumbersome and you still have to speak with a person to order wine - imagine that!  That being said, the sommelier capably steered us towards a delicious Vouvray to start the meal but couldn't stop us from ordering a Dolcetto d'Alba that had seen better days.The tasting menu is a delicious choice.  It's a unique testing menu in that there are three choices for each course (one of which is vegetarian) - there are 7 courses and therefore 21 different tasting menus can be selected.  Furthermore, when ordering tasting menus, most restaurants have an "all or none" rule - either everyone orders it or no one orders it - however Alize does not require this - so we could all order what we wanted.I had the tasting menu.  I have to agree with other Yelpers that the seared foie gras is outstanding - what a revelation to have it properly seasoned!  Other highlights included the tempura calamari and the ahi tuna.  The rabbit three-way (get your mind out of the gutter!) gets a demerit for the bone-in rack which was impossible to eat because the chine bone (spine) was not removed.  Some of the other courses were just ok, not spectacular, in particular my pear beignet dessert was nothing to speak of (sorry, I spoke of it).  My friend had the roasted pineapple and banana cake - now that was delicious!As an aside, this being a top destination in Vegas, there are a lot of "pretty people" dining here.   A couple came in and we noticed them because of their attire - so casual to be practically backwoods - he with a messy pony tail and unkempt beard, and she with a drab smock-like top and lack of makeup.  This is Vegas, baby, and these guys looked like they should be on a pedestrian bridge selling water.  Anyhow, during our meal the sommelier came out with a wine cart and a dusty bottle of wine.  He worked the cork for what seemed like several minutes, taking it out in two pieces, and then decanted it lovingly over a candle in the old-school French way.  We found out that he was opening a 1981 Mouton-Rothschild - not something you see everyday.  We wondered who in the restaurant could have ordered that ... on the wine list it was about $850.  We scanned the dining room, checking out the various bedecked diners,  but to our surprise, it was the plainly dressed couple that we had "dressed down" earlier!  Wow, you really can't judge a book by it's cover.
3	expensive and kind of awkward. Rich people live uncomfortable lives
5	Just the view is worth the trip, but the food, drinks and service are outstanding.  Tried the trio sampler of the chefs best - excellent.  Cocktails and wine very nice.  Eat slow so you can enjoy the view!
2	Better places to eat in Vegas then here honestly ...
1	My first Yelp review and had to give it my thought. I eat out often, I can eat all kinds of food, but I must say for $135 for a 7 course meal I would expect top notch food.Went for the 7 course meal for 135 per person for memorial weekend, I picked the top selections of the 7 choices per menu recommended.  3 out of the 7 was good but nothing great.  I gave 1 star just because it is a fancy restaurant above Palms casino.  Second star for appearance of food.  Service is ok, I can't say is great.  -1 star for overall value and experience.  The service they keep filling water and did say what we got served.   Personally I do not recommend this place for the price.  I went to Bacchanal buffet at Ceasars palace the next night, and all I can say  Bacchanal blows  Alize away..  Technically cannot compare buffet over a course dinner, but what a waste of $135+tax+tip.  (oh...excellent wine though)  My friend got the 3 choice selection with the lamb, i sampled his lamb and was delicious and did not have gamy taste and was cooked to almost perfection, and tender.  But that was his food selection while mine was on the tasting menu.  I'm not sure if I went at a bad time, but all I can say is I wouldn't be go to Alize again
5	Everything I order here is so yummy. And nice view too.
4	I used a Travelzoo voucher and really enjoyed my dinner at Alize. My date and I were seated right next to the window. The views were spectacular and the service-level was top-notch. The desserts were a bit boring / uninspired, though.Unfortunately, I also had a stomachache after having the steak tartare appetizer. Be careful, I guess. It's probably not something you'd want to risk, if you're vacationing.
5	My husband made reservations at this restaurant for my birthday dinner. We had reservations at 6:30 and had the restaurant to ourselves for a good 45 minutes before any other guests arrived. We had a window table with a fantastic view of the strip from the Stratosphere all the way down to Mandalay Bay, as this restaurant is on the 56th floor of the ivory tower in the Palms Hotel/Casino.We arrived and our waiter Salvano greeted us and took our drink orders. We ordered off of the tasting course menu. This menu consist of 7 courses. You have a choice of 3 options for each course including one vegetarian option. So the variations are numerous. My husband and I decided to get different entrees for each course to maximize our experience to taste as much of the menu as possible.The first course was a complimentary sampling from the chef. It was pheasant with filo dough wrap, with a strawberry puree, and a cauliflower puree soup. It was a nice surprise to start the evening from the chef.1st course: Russian Golden Ostera caviar and Truffle caviar.($20 supplement)2nd course: Ribeye Carpaccio and Maine Lobster and herb salad3rd course: Sauteed foie gras and Chilled terrine of foie gras4th course: King crab leg croustillant and Tempura calamari5th course: Sauteed Dove Sole and Red Snapper6th course: Aged beef ribeye and Spring rabbitChef palate cleanser consist of meringue coating around grapefruit puree and poppyseed sauce.7th course. Gran Marinier souffle and Chocolate souffle.Overall the dishes were decent size. The variety and flavors in each course made it so unique and delicious. With the foie gras the waiter recommended a glass of Sauternes wine, which was a pairing. The service was impeccable, even when it got busy the wait staff worked as a team to keep up the incredible service. Every waiter was knowledgeable and described in detail each dish as they served it. The view is priceless especially as dusk turned to night and you could see a clear view of the strip lighting up. Awesome!!. Walked out feeling as if we had spent the day at the spa. Totally relaxed and satisfied. Definitely recommend Alize for a very special occasion.
2	The two stars is purely for the view, which is simply fantastic; and for the service, which was delightful (servers were polite and attentive)We were here with the Travelzoo voucher, and I'd say the food was abysmal. Frankly, lunch earlier that day at Grand Lux Cafe in the Palazzo was leagues better and cost less than half the price.Firstly, the 'free' cocktail that came with the set came in a cheap plastic glass, and was so watered down that neither of us finished more than half. The food was equally bland - tasteless, not very fresh, and frankly, difficult to stomach. I really did not know if they were saving the truly good food for people who paid full price for the tasting menu, or if the restaurant really sucked. Truly, even a great chef would not serve disgusting food even if it was a discounted set. It was really hard to believe that the place had a michelin star in 2008 and 2009.Again, the only reason why this does not get 1 star was because of the phenomenal view (ask to sit by the windows when you place a reservation), and the service. (they say 'voila!' and serve you your plates with a flourish!) Having said that, i would not visit this restaurant again.
5	Went for the prix fixe menu - gorgeous location, literally perfect service and mouth watering food.
5	Went here on the Travel Zoo deal for a date night. Let me start by saying the view is gorgeous. I never get sick of seeing the view of the strip and I live here in Vegas! The service was friendly and very attentive. The cocktails that came with the deal tasted cheap and was a lil gross for my tastes. For food we started with the Maine Lobster Bisque with Lobster Profiterole and Lemon Meringue and Cured Beef Carpaccio and Steak Tartare. Both of which were absolutely delicious. For entrees we had the Aged Beef Rib-Eye, and the Chilean Sea Bass. Also, very delicious. For dessert was the Chocolate Souffle, and Peach Galette with Almond Marzipan Ice Cream. I'm not a huge fan of Souffles, but the Peach Galette with the Almond Marzipan Ice Cream was heavenly! I love the Almond Marzipan flavor and to taste it in an ice cream was so yummy! I'm totally bummed I can't find this anywhere else. This deal was great, and this place was awesome The quality of the food was excellent. My only gripe would be the cocktails, but it wasn't enough to lower my rating of this place.
4	I want to give this 5 stars because the overall experience was so superb but a few things keep me from doing so.service: the best I had!  I loved how a place so formal and grandiose could also be so friendly and inviting.    Also needless to say the high rise view was amazing.the bread: was very good yet very basic with plain butter.  Waiter said they were out of the other bread they serve.  I expected a much more robust and exotic bread offering at a fancy french cuisine place like this.appetizer: lobster bisque, OMG best lobster bisque or any kind of soup I ever had!  I'm not a soup person at all and neither is my wife but wow I could eat this dish every day.  the little lobster croquet, lemon puff, and the table dining theatrics of our server pouring the bisque onto the plate was perfect.  My only small complaint was why did they put the soup in a plate instead of a bowl?  To eat it you are basically scrapping the bottom of your plate which felt a bit out of place in a classy place like this.Wife had the salad and was not a big fan of it.the maincourse: ribeye.  My least favorite dish.  It was good dont get me wrong but I thought it lacked something to set it appart from other steak dishes I eaten.  Honestly it was only marginally better than some mass produced wedding steak plates I have had.  Also it was a tiny portion.  I'm kicking myself because I didnt realize they had chillean sea bass offered :(dessert: creme brulee.  Impossible to get much better than this.  Perfectly caramelized top crust, perfectly rich and creamy custard. wife said Peach galette was amazing and better than my brulee but I didnt get a chance to try it
3	We ate here last night and the food was superb. Unfortunately, they are too expensive for what you get. Two ounces of Seabass for $49 is ridiculous. The restaurant was half empty on a Saturday night and the hotel was packed. At the bottom of the menu it says minimum $49 entree per person. It's sad because Andre has always had some of the finest food in Vegas and so many people will miss out. I, for one, can not justify paying those prices for the serving sizes.
4	Loved this place! Great atmosphere, ambiance, view, service and food. What else can you ask for. I will be back.
5	Amazing views, service and food!  Go for the tasting course, it is beyond awesome.  Great seafood and steaks!  Alize is far superior when compared to the poor service and overpriced Paris Eiffel tower competitor.
3	The view at the top the Palm hotel is amazing, the service was impeccable, but the food was average french fare artistically decorated.  No one is my party of 4 was wowed by this restaurant.
5	This is probably the only restaurant that I can go to, where I'll eat anything that's put on my plate. I don't care if I don't know what it is, I know it's always going to be delicious. The food is absolutely mind blowing. The views overlooking Las Vegas are spectacular. Everything about this place is just amazing. One of the true five star restaurants, highly recommended!
5	Best food and view in Vegas hands down! Short review: Wine list-greatIce wine list-BETTERFood- Is now my top restaurant (Used to be Per Se in NYC)Bottom line-Been to Vegas too many times to count and this was by far my favorite experience.
4	Before we talk about Alize's excellent food, I have to say this. Alize has the best view of any restaurant in Vegas. It is certain to wow anyone you take there. I would recommend it for this alone.The food is excellent. Not the absolute best in Vegas, but its in the top 10. I would say its  a step down from Robuchon or something like that.Definitely a special occasion type of place.
2	All flash, no substance. That goes for the service as well as food.  You can say the waitstaff was trained to hear, not listen.  Our waiter failed to mention that the vegetarian dishes listed w/the tasting menu can be ordered a la carte until we asked whether they have side dishes.  When I pointed to the warm corn terrine, he instead brought the foie gras.  Big difference.  When we alerted the staff, they just said, 'well, i can take it back or you can eat it.'  Which the rest of the party did. And was charged. The corn terrine never appeared.  Did I mention that I told him specifically that I'm pregnant and couldn't have certain foods (to my sadness), such as foie gras, soft cheeses, rare meat. A full conversation.  But apparently, he isn't paid to listen.  Because   my medium filet (again, no rare meat) was presented still mooing. After it was sent back, it came back still kicking around.  AT that point, I just ate the end piece and was done with it.  Look, if that particular kitchen usually goes the rarer side, you need to tell the diner, and she/he will order appropriately.  Onto dessert; what a dissapointment.  Half the dessert menu requires that you order it 25 minutes prior.  This included the souffle.  Which was gelatinous.  The entire table had a taste and wouldn't eat the remaining.  I eat out.  A lot. And I've been to some of the best restaurants in the world, and not all of them expensive (that falafel joint in Marais (Paris)!) but Alize should really just give up already.  The 'we're so tech-forward' iPad wine menu (lame) and the view (lovely) can't save this place.  This is one of those places where insecure men take their ignorant dates with thoughts on impressing them with an expensive French menu and view.  There are so many great French restaurants in Vegas; if you want to impress, go to Joel Robuchon, Bouchon, Guy Savoy. Don't even bother with this place. And btw, half the people at dinner had a case of dinner regret the next day on their flights back home, if you know what I mean..
5	Easily the BEST meal I have ever had. My boyfriend and I both had the 7 course tasting menu and it was phenomenal! Service was great, beautiful view, amazing food, clean and comfortable atmosphere... what else could you ask for? :)
3	This was our second time. Used the travelzoo voucher for a prix fix. The portion size is super small. Small portion of lobster bisque, a couple of slices of rib eye steak and desert ( which we declined) and had a small assortment I cheese instead. The food was good but the portion size was so small it was not worth it.
5	Best dinner ever.I took my family there for a cozy dinner and everything was on top.I had a prefix 3 corses menu through a travelzoo deal.  Totally worth it! The food is excellent. Service is A+. Amazing views.We will def be back.
4	I had my birthday celebration here with my girl friends. Alize has been on my yelp bookmark for long time. Since I am big fan of Andre. I had high expectation on Andre's sister restaurant, Alize. View from Alize was spectacular! (better than mix) Our group pictures came out awesome because of this great view. I sampled all dishes my girls ordered. Everything was pretty good especially pan seared foie gras, roasted pork belly and lamb chop. (I have to say I think seared foie gras at Andre is slightly better)I am not going to details about our dishes. I want to talk about service here.  My girls got me a custom fondant cake with big pink bow on top. Alize charged $8 per piece as slicing fee. They also decorated each piece of cake with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. I thought that was wonderful. There are some places on strip charge same price but don't give you anything extra! We split our bill to 6 bills at end. Our waiter didn't give us any problems. It was such a great group dinning experience at a fancy restaurant.
3	As a Torontonian who has had a spectacular panoramic view from the 360 Restaurant at the CN Tower, and who lives in a city where delicious, locally sourced foods from contemporary chefs can be found at very affordable pricing, Alize did nothing amazing for me. We had the 7 course menu, that included scallops and seared foie gras which I love. Both were good, the sauces complimented the food quite nicely, but once again nothing to write home about. The service is impeccable, and everything arrived promptly with gracious servers. The place is tastefully decorated, and I loved the wine cellar situated in the middle of the room. This is a very big tourist restaurant, and there will be a lot of people taking pictures of themselves and the view. The only complaint I have are about the chairs, quite heavy and uncomfortable to sit in for more than an hour.
5	Had a great dinner here two nights ago. It was very pricy but well worth it, particularly compared to some spots on the Strip. The view is spectacular! The service is top notch as well. The food was also excellent. Had the seared foie gras and it was wonderful. The Dover sole was outstanding and the mashed potato side was outstanding as well. Highly recommend this place for a special occasion, be prepared to pay but as noted, well worth the pricing.
4	Wow! My husband brought me here on Saturday night to celebrate our wedding anniversary and we were definitely impressed.  Upon arrival the host escorted us to a corner table for two with the the most BEAUTIFUL view of the strip we have seen to date and definitely set the romantic tone for the evening.  Sylvano and his team took very well care of us throughout our dinner.  Speaking of Sylvano, he tactfully shared his knowledge of our meal, especially the wine pairings.  Even though I personally wasn't interested in knowing which small french town my Cabernet Sauvignon was cultivated...or the how and why...his genuine enthusiasm and unpretentious service  was very refreshing to come across at this type of a restaurant.Everyone has different tastes in food and we felt that the food was very very good. Towards the end of our meal we were given a "congratulatory anniversary gift" from the restaurant...very nice touch!Had the restaurant revolved (like Sky restaurant at the Space Needle in Seattle) and the food tasted like that of our favorite french restaurant (Fouquet's in Paris, France) it would of been a perfect evening....but maybe we're asking for a bit much. LolCan't wait to come back!FYI: For an additional great strip view, after dinner, head on down to the 55th floor to Ghostbar. Entrance will be free as long as you identify yourself as a patron of Alize.
1	It is my first review on yelp. I feel I have to say about my terrible experience in Alize. I had been there 3 years ago with my husband when we just start dating on my birthday. Then we went to Alize to celebrate our wedding cuz we just got marriage. We went to there to celebrate our special occasion cuz our experience three years ago was great. BUT today the server who serve us was just totally break our mood on special day. He DID NOT explain abt their dessert need pre order at all n I just ask him why he didnt tell me when I order.. I was lil disappointed that I cannot have the dessert what I went there for.. but I was ok.. I thought he might forget cuz it was busy today..  BUT He was very offensive to us. He kept saying he did explain to us so that is our fault. Then he brought n show us their menu n said they already explain on the menu.. so that is our fault cuz we didnt read n pay attention on every word on the menu... OMG.. what kind service of fine dining restaurant could be like that???We were just so mad n still dont understand how he can keep his job in the restaurant. HIS SERVICE WAS WORSE THAN FOOD COURT ON THE STREET. Although the food was alright, I think there is no next time in Alize for us. I WILL NEVER EVER SPEND THAT MUCH MONEY FOR ALRIGHT STEAK WITH TERRIBLE SERVICE.I HOPE WE ARE THE LAST CUSTOMER GET THE TERRIBLE SERVICE FROM Alize
5	They carrying lots of aged wine and whisky (from 1900...and so on) and present them beautifully.Great taste on every dishes, a little bit too much portion for me.Nice and friendly services.Not along the atmosphere and the view from table.TOTALLY worth the price and time.
4	Well damn.  My friend and I drove banzai-style to Vegas (in ~8.5 hours from San Jose) to see a John Legend show at the PALMS.  We got in, napped, showered, bootylicioused up, ate dinner here and then saw an amazing show.  Clubbed a bit and then slept until 2am and hit the road.But back to this restaurant -- great service, great, AMAZING views.  Great menu.  Fantastic people watching.
5	We had the experience of a lifetime at this restaurant. The staff were fantastic, the view was inspiring, the food was perfect! Pricey, but worth it. Loved every minute of our very special and memorable dining experience at Alize!
5	This place is great! My wife and I went for our 1 year anniversary. We wanted something special and memorable and they did not disappoint! The services was excellent and they catered our night with regards to our celebration. It was a great environment and wonderful atmosphere. Would go back again anytime!
4	After numerous websites telling me that Alize was the best restaurant in Las Vegas, I figured I had to give it a try.  After all, it received a Michelin star so my expectations were pretty high.  In fact, this was the first Michelin star restaurant I have ever been to.  I'll say this up front- Alize is pretty damn good but fell slightly short of my high expectations of what Michelin star restaurants would be like.  I got the 7 course tasting menu for $135 to enjoy the real experience so I will go through each menu item in some detail.First, the dissapoint- the bread.  For a fancy french restaurant the bread was pretty mediocre with a small variety of plain tasting bread and *HARD* butter which was preposterous.  Luckily, the rest of the meal didn't follow the same path.Course 1- Rib Eye Carpaccio Pretty good but not great.  It didn't seem to distinguish itself from any carpaccio I have had at other lesser known restaurants.Course 2- Sauteed Foie GrasFairly tasty but slightly underwhelming.  It didn't have all of those intricate and unique flavors that chef's usually add to a dish like this.  It had plenty of potentially flavorsome components but most were overpowered by the flavor of Foie Gras.  This certainly isn't a bad thing.Course 3- Seared ScallopGetting to the good stuff.  This was pretty delicious.  Perfectly made scallop and a lot of flavor.  I only wish there was more than one :(Course 4- Pork BellyI'll admit that I've had better pork belly before but this was pretty delicious and very flavorsome.  The vegetables in particular were nice accoutrements.Course 5- Lamb LoinVery flavorful and cooked perfectly. Delicious side of sausage too.Course 6- BREBISROUSSE d'ARGENTAL aka fancy cheeseI'm not gonna lie, its just fancy cheese.  This one in particular was like a very salty brie cheese.  A bite with all of the components on the plate made it quite tasty.Course 7- Chocolate SouffleThis dessert was about what I expected.  Very light and tons of chocolate but was clearly inferior to the peanut butter cheesecake my dining companion had.At the end of the meal they serve little candy trinkets that were pretty good and were a nice light ending to the meal.Obviously the view is great and you can see most of the strip.  So, if you are one of those people that really care about ambiance and all that, you will enjoy this restaurant.  In the end, I thought that the 7 course tasting menu was slightly below my expectations BUT I'd definitely return to the restaurant for a regular entree of the Lamb Loin or Seared Scallop.
5	We were fortunate to arrive at Las Vegas on restaurant week. And read that Alize had one of the best view in Las Vegas and decided to give it a try. We had the front seat and were not disappointed by the view. We had the complimentary carrot soup and small piece of foie gras to start and some bread to fill our tummy while we wait.I ordered the following:Roasted Beets With Aged Goat Cheese, Quinoa, Port Braised Cipollini Onion, Arugula And Truffle VinaigretteI loved the harmony of flavor with the aged goat cheese and the mildly sweet beets. I couldn't really taste the truffle, but it was great nonetheless. If you are not a fan of beets, stay away.Sauteed Irish Salmon With Black Olive Puree, Sauteed Spinach, Artichoke Ravioli And Limoncello NagThe salmon was cooked right to perfection, a second more would've spoiled the salmon. The most surprisingly p art was the artichoke ravioli which had a black cover. The flavor was plain, but with the limoncello sauce and the black pasta skin, it was interestingly delightful.Caramel Crunch Banoffee With Toasted Coconut CreamI liked the flavor and the texture, but had a hard time eating it with my spoon. The tart shell is extremely hard with the caramel crunch crusted on the bottom. I risked clinking the plate a few times, but go through with it with no plates broken.Overall, if you have a romantic outing or proposal or anything in that sort, this is the place.
3	This review is from a visit on 9/2013. We had the tasting menu and I cant remember much but the foie gras which is amazing. View is fabulous and service was great.
5	After many disappointments on the strip with five star restaurants, we headed to the palms to check Alize out. Incredible service, food and the view is awesome. We got the tasting menu with the caviar addition. The stand out of the meal was the lamb curry and the foie gras. Best foie that I've ever had. Try the "beautiful lady" after dinner shot. Yummy!
4	The food was very good and the Groupon coupon helped with the value as the portion sizes are not that large which is to be expected.
3	We really enjoyed our 2.5 hour meal here, two main reasons for the two star downgrade. One was for the non-enforcement of the dress code, the guy at the table next to us wore a leather motorcycle jacket and some guys were wearing jeans. One star downgrade is because of the misleading menu, see below. We requested a seat near the window when making the reservation and they granted our request. We were seated immediately after arriving.We both ordered the 7 course tasting menu with the $95 wine pairings.We both ordered caviar listed at the top of the menu, the truffle caviar has "($20 supplement)" printed directly underneath. They billed us $20 extra for the truffle caviar I had as well as the russian caviar my wife had. They also billed us $11 each for the glass of bubbly. They also charged $20 for the sauteed foie gras that I had even though there was no mention of the upcharge in that part of the menu. Starter couse of caviar was just ok, probably the least memorable part of our meal although the champagne was a perfect match.1st - We both had the lobster salad, very nice with big chunks of lobster.2nd - I had the sauteed foie gras, excellent especially the port reduction which was surreal. Wife had the Toban-Yaki which was enjoyable.3rd - I had the dover sole which were small fillets wrapped around a stuffing. My wife had perfectly cooked seared scallops.4th - I had the pork belly (which I had never tried before) which was mostly fat but everything else with it just made the dish come together. Wife had the pheasant which had an excellent flavor but was a bit overcooked and dry. 5th - I had the lamb loin, this was the best piece of meat I have EVER tasted. I would go back just to order this off the A-la-carte menu. Wife had the veal tenderloin that was merely excellent. 6th - I had the Apricot confiture which I really enjoyed. Wife had the Etorki and she enjoyed that as well.7th - I had the Grand Marnier souffle, perfectly done. Wife had the chocolate souffle and absolutely loved it. The wine pairings were excellent in every course and the sommelier did a great job explaining the pairings. Next time we will try the premium wine pairing. All in all the bill was $560 plus tip. The food varied from good to perfection, next time we will do the A-La-Carte menu and focus on the selections we liked from the tasting menu. The misleading menu was inexcusable, EVERY upcharge item should be marked on the menu. The service was impeccable except for one server who asked me if I wanted more bread, when I said "not right now" he removed my bread plate! Just a minor glitch that was more amusing than irritating. There should have been a different section on the bill to allow me to tip the sommelier separately. We will absolutely eat here again
5	Excellent!At the top of the hotel, and it felt like it was away from the casino atmosphere.  Marvelous view.  Service overall was excellent without being overbearing.  Ordered the tasting menu; the serving sizes are smaller (as is to be expected with fine French food), but I felt very full afterwards.  Slight ding for the 3rd course (the scallion pancake).  Absolutely nothing special about this dish; it was basically an imitation of Chinese scallion pancake, but it was too starchy; I felt it didn't fit in with the rest of the courses (which were all outstanding).  Highly recommended if you want a romantic place.  Had a really nice feel overall.
3	Called and made reservations requesting a window seat, and got it. The staff is attentive. I liked how they had a digital menu.While we were waiting we were offered 3 choices of bread. I had the french baguette. It was not warm. I expected better.I ordered the $135 tasting menu and the St. Andrews cocktail. My boyfriend ordered the lamb entree with the same drink. Our bill was $275. OMG! That's grocery money for almost a month, but we decided to splurge. It was the most expensive meal either of us had eaten. The experience was nice but definitely not something we would do often.Now on to the food. I am not used to eating like this and could not pronounce a lot of things on the menu. The waiters were helpful in describing what each item was. However I was disappointed in the overall taste of the food as well as the portion sizes. I expected more for the price.  The sauces were what made most of the food edible. Out of the seven dishes I had the lobster and the lamb were the tastiest.For desert I had the chocolate souffle. I've never had it before and I would not have it again.After your meal they offer you sweets, which were all tasty.Overall I enjoyed the experience.
5	My experience was beyond exceptional . The service was great. I felt welcomed , and the tasting course was a beautiful artful expression of food made with class. Flavors were there and you are not leaving hungry . The plates are small but they keep them coming ! I truly enjoyed this restaurant and will be back !
5	Oh, Alize! How I love thee. Andre Rochat, you have reached perfection my friend. Your chef's tasting menu is among the best we've had, and for this, I solute you.
1	I thought I wrote a review on Alize in the past but Yelp is asking me to write one so maybe I didn't.  I'll try to keep it short and sweet.  I dropped $650 for dinner for two before tip and my dining partner had bones in her fish (and I later discovered one lodged in her throat!), sauces were hardened to plate, service was very old school and overall my feeling is they need to hire a restaurant consultant to make them in to what they think they are instead of what they actually are.I'm stunned the chef didn't personally come out and talk to us over such a basic but dangerous prep oversight.  I was stunned when a comp wasn't offered.  I was more stunned that it took me THREE letters until I got a response offering a $100 gift certificate to come back. (why would I ?)I have to say the wine parings were quite good but the bar and the wine set up was just a weird set-up and awkward all the way around.With so many good restaurants in this town and so many high end places to eat, this should be your last stop, if at all, not your first!Heck, the caviar appetizer was an affront to caviar!  (Just to add a little more color imagine caviar served on a soggy, cold wheat cracker... blech)
5	Came here with a friend.  Amazing food, amazing wine, amazing service, amazing views!      I had a duo of Foie Gras for appetizer, and for dessert, anything was amazing by the pastry chef!
5	Fantastic food, great view and service. Highly recommend for French foodie. Foie gras  is the best, very tender and delicious!!
5	to this day, best surf and turf I've ever had. I saw a menu item for lobster, and one for fillet mignon. I asked if I could combine them and they not only said yes but made it come out in style.  it was three pounds of lobster in a pink champaign and cheese sauce.  and a pepper crusted fillet mignon on a potatoe medallion, side of cauliflower and carrot puree.  delicious. service was top notch. server was knowledgeable, and always on the spot.  he did not splash the wine, and delivered the food with practiced expertice.   I can't find a single thing to say as a negative.  and I have bought long about it. top of the palms, excellent view at sunset of Vegas. great atmosphere, great service, great food, and great quality.
4	Very expensive, but testy. Amazing lobster salat and soup of the day. Did like the service only.
5	We ate here nearly two years ago, and we still talk about this meal at least once a month to date.  If there is a more upscale, classy, and romantic restaraunt in the US, I'd like to see it.  We used to think Le Circ in the Bellagio was the best, but this is even on another level.  It helps that the view at night on the 54th floor is mind-blowing.  The cocktails are A+, and food is so good it's a waste of time to even describe it.  You have to go for yourself.  If you want the perfect setting for a romantic night, start here.
5	Our special occassion restaurant to dine and take out of town visitors to in Las Vegas. Exquisite service, sensational views, food that never disappoints.
4	Pricey, but outstanding service, excellent menu and incredible views of the Vegas Strip. Was here few years back on a tip from Wine Spectator, and just had dinner a couple of weeks ago with 6 friends. A lovely experience each time.
5	Me and the boyfriend gave Alize a try because of the awesome Travelzoo deal I got, which featured a 5 course tasting menu ($135). If it weren't for that, I'm pretty certain we would have not gone there to try because of the insane prices. It was our one year anniversary so I wanted to do something fancy, and I have never tried a tasting menu before, so that was pretty exciting!We made our reservations for 7pm, about an hour before we wanted to dine. Keep in mind that it was a Wednesday night, so it might not be as easy to get a reservation on a weekend. The self parking was a bit far from the Ivory Tower, which is where the restaurant is located. It's on the 56th floor, but when you look at it from the outside, the building doesn't seem to have that many stories (just an observation). I requested a table near the window because of other yelp reviews, and luckily, there was one available! The host graciously gave me the seat with the better view facing the strip, while my boyfriend got the seat with his back to the strip. It was quite beautiful. You could see the whole strip and the twinkling lights of the neighborhoods in Vegas too. They also laid our linen napkins on our laps, which made us feel extra fancy.When we sat, there was a plate on the table decorated with a key design and a hefty, silver skeleton key laying on top of it. The host said it would be for the end of the meal, and opened a box with a gift for us inside. I just wanted the key. It was a quirky and mysterious concept. I loved it! We started off with bread service, which featured french baguette, a pretzel type bread, and gluten-free biscuits. We both had one of each. My favorite of them was the gluten-free biscuit. The french baguette was a little ordinary, and the pretzel bread seemed a little tough to chew on.The amuse bouche that they brought out next consisted of pear, radish, and something I couldn't identify on top of that. I didn't really remember everything that he said, but there was also a cup of delicious apple-cinnamon consomme on the side that really made the dish feel comforting and homey. The pear itself was refreshing and crisp, and a sharpness about it, but the consomme really helped mellow it out.Our first course consisted of the hamachi tartare and maine lobster ratatouille. I personally preferred my lobster to the hamachi. The ratatouille underneath it was flavorful and was really the star of the dish even though there was lobster on there too. They were both cold dishes.For the second course, we chose the sauteed foie gras and the foie gras terrine. This was probably the first time I ever had foie gras at all, so the second course was an adventure for me. My foie gras terrine was served cold and with toasted and buttered bread. I thought it was just ok, but again, I don't have a defined palate when it comes to foie gras. However, the sauteed foie gras... DELISH. Probably the star of the entire meal. It just melted in your mouth with smokey goodness and was absolutely delectable. It was a freakin' sexy bite of food. Would do it again, fo sho.Third course. We got the seared scallop and Irish salmon. To me, this was a tie. I loved both dishes. The presentation was spot on for both! Just good seafood. Both were perfectly cooked. Flavor-wise, the salmon was probably more flavorful than the scallop.Fourth course consisted of the entrees! This was probably the hardest one to choose from cause we got to pick out of 6 choices instead of the usual 3, like the others. The boyfriend had the rack of lamb. I ended up choosing the veal wellington, just because how often do you have wellington? And also, I've never had veal before. I felt a little guilty though, since it is a cute baby animal. Oh well. It was so freaking good. So tender and moist.Last, but not least, dessert. Chocolate souffle and grand marnier souffle all the way. My boyfriend preferred his grand marnier and I preferred my chocolate. The chocolate was decadent and rich, but still so fluffy and light. It was like magic in a bowl. His tasted like a custard with the essence of orange to it. We usually don't finish dessert when we get it, but this time, we did.At the end of the very satisfying meal, they offer you coffee/after dinner drinks, and petite fours (small chocolates/sweet morsels of candy, etc). They lured us in and my boyfriend got a coffee and I got a cappuccino. I also wanted to indulge and try all the petite fours but I was so stuffed that I only got a toffee, hee hee.We finally got to open our box too, and they had given us a tiny chocolate cake with a chocolate disc that said "Happy Anniversary" on top. It was adorbs. We loved the whole meal and would definitely consider doing it again. Also, for vegetarians, the tasting menu always had one choice in each course that was vegetarian so hooray for that! The presentation was spot on for everything. And the ambiance really elevated the romance level. It was a great night.
5	One of the better views in Vegas. Food was phenomenal service was spectacular. I wasn't treated like I was dressed as I was very casual. We got the 7 course. I'm not real familiar with this style but the chef gave us an amuse bouche in between meals. Very tasty and not over filling. Great for a special occasion or a date.
4	My husband and I found this rare gem on TravelZoo. The sunset and evening views are incredible and we lucked out with a window table. We dined in late Oct and a seating at 5:30 was perfectly coordinated with the sunset that time of year. Service was impeccable but disappointingly rude which is the only reason we gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because judging by food alone it absolutely deserves a 10. The sommelier and servers didn't even attempt to hide their condescension at our having gotten a "deal" on TravelZoo - despite meal/wine pairing setting us back almost $400. We are well versed in wines and have dined at multiple Michelin starred restaurants but were explained things as though we were classless peasants, not to mention treated as though we were broke backwoods yokels. To reiterate, the treatment was only due to the promotion we'd purchased, as we were dressed appropriately, arrived on time, didn't drink too much, etc.The courses however, should not be completely overshadowed by service. All entrees were absolutely breathtaking in both presentation and creativity. Being Californians, we miss our fois gras, and Alize's did not underwhelm! Everything was cooked to perfection, the duck, scallops, hamachi, salmon, and the souffle at the end was stunning! A meal not soon forgotten.One thing that was neat was their special touch if you're there for a special occasion. We were celebrating my husband's birthday so he was given a key at the beginning of the meal which opened a small box afterwards filled with a card and special birthday truffle. Very unique and really cool.
5	Went here for my birthday with three friends. We got to the table and had a little birthday surprise waiting (I won't ruin what it was for anyone else going). Very nice touch. Ordered a nice bottle of champagne and had a few  appetizing bites compliments of the chef. One of the best martinis I've had as well.  Food was spectacular! I had the veal Wellington, amazing, and tried a bite of everyone's food. All equally as delish.The service was great, not too uptight. Our waiter was professional and had a sense of humor. Bill was fairly steep but worth it for sure! Had a nice little bday cake to top it off.
4	If you want window seating, make sure to call in for your reservations and not do it online. And ask the operator nicely for some cool window seating views.And dinner time seating around 630-7pm is a perfect time to enjoy the sunset and to start seeing the lights come on on Vegas blvd.The tasting menu is a great deal. For the value and quality you are receiving plus the views from the top floor in the Palms Casino, it's really a no brainer to do the tasting menu because you get to stay there a lot longer if you were to just do the ala carte menu.And if you choose the tasting menu, you have plenty of options to choose from so you can essentially have a little bit of everything in the food group pyramid. My favorite was the seared foie gras and the grand marnier souffle. Such indulgence.Besides the food and ambiance, I was a bit perturbed with the constant bickering among the servers. It seemed like the main guy...the guy who looks like some mafia mob boss, who is probably the the floor manager...kept "coaching" the other servers right in front of my table. It was a bit annoying.But other than the servers issue, I had a great experience here. Not spectacular but good enough from the food and the nice views.
5	One of the best dinning experiences of my life!! Chef's Tasting Menu is amazing!! Highly recommend!
5	Great service, great food and an amazing view! I don't usually think the extra cost to eat at high-end restaurants for the ambiance is worth it (probably because I'm not rollin' in dough either! Lol) but this place is an exception. Right when you walk in, you're warmly greeted by staff and in awe of the decor. The view is as good as it gets in Vegas and the service here is very attentive and professional. The food was delicious. I would highly recommend the Bison T-Bone!This is a great place to celebrate an anniversary, Valentines Day, bday, etc.If you bring a date here, expect them to put out after! Lol!
5	We came back to Alize after 3 years.  It was still as good as we remembered.  The food was great and the service was impacable.  Only downfall was we had to wait a bit for our dessert.  The view is the best one can ask for in Vegas.  A little away from the strip gives you some peace and quiet time.  Will definitely come back again
5	The restaurant was very busy but you still were under the impression that you were the only customers who mattered due to the attention paid by the staff.
