3	Yusef is a cool authentic Middle Eastern food place.Mr K was right on his warning of wait time for the food, fortunately, ours came out in less than 20 minutes.  Time passes pretty quick in here browsing through the extensive selection of Middle Eastern spices, cheeses, halvas and other specialty foods.  Solid rendition of gyros and falafel...but the sublime baklava is what will be drawing me back to Yusef...just the right amount of sweetness and a light touch with the rose water.Tasty and cheap alternative for lunch with sandwiches going for just $4.99 and 2 pieces of buttery baklava for just $1.75If you're thinking of grabbing a bite for dinner, beware that they close fairly early at 7pm.
4	Yusef's is my old standby place when I crave middle eastern food, Lebanese style.  The Gyros are excellent, right down to the pickle and the sweet onion... mmmmm.  The portions are generous, and everything is always well prepared.  They serve a hummus dis that I really like... it has beef and pine nuts.  The baklavah is good.  They usually have several different varieties.The place has always been run by really nice people, but the new owners are the nicest people yet.About a month ago, I was on the way home from visiting my cousin in the hospital when my growling stomach let me know that no food for 12 hours was not making it happy....  I ran into the store at 6:45 pm.  They close at 7.The owners were at the front counter.... "You're hungry," said the woman looking at me with concern"yes," I nodded  "Can I get a Gyro, or is it too late."She looked at her husband... "she's hungry," she said to him... He hesitated."She's hungry!" the wife repeated...I knew they had probably cleaned up already and were getting a sandwich even though it was inconvenient.  I was so grateful.  It was the best Gyro I have EVER had...  I stop there about once a week now, on my way home from the hospital.  I get a few groceries and something for dinner. I always get there by 6:15 though.
3	Yusef's has to be the largest and cleanest, most organized Middle Eastern markets that I have been to in PHX. Stopped by here over the weekend and was really impressed by the selection and size of the groceries. If you're looking for anything Middle Eastern, you'll find it here. Their hummus is heavy on tahini; the baba ganoush is very good. Haven't sampled their food, but after my overall experience, the Vegetarian Combo is calling my name. Only downside is that they sell premade pitas, which are very generic.
4	I'm a half-Anglo Mexican, raised on cheesy potatoes (thanks, Mom) and tamales (thanks, Nana). It amazes me that Middle-Eastern food came to be my favorite.I dig Yusef's. The Gyros are delicious. The hummus is delicious. Everyone is nice. It's cheap. Maybe not Haji-Baba cheap, but if two can get a good lunch for under 15 bucks, that's cheap enough. I've never bought anything from the grocery, save for a chocolate-covered banana candy, but they seem to have a pretty good selection of everything you'd need to make some awesome grub.I hope they're open today - I'm hungry.
4	My friend was in the Service and had a craving for some Middle Eastern food so I pulled up Yelp and this seemed to be the closest in my area. I have driven by this place a gajillion times in the last 13 yrs or so and thanks to Yelper's I have learned that not everything is what it seems looks wise. It was 6:30 this Saturday we barely made it in time. It was clean I was happy to sit down inside and get out of the cold.The server was pretty polite. The food took a little while but it was worth it. I had the Veggie Platter they were out of something they substituted with rice bit it was all good. Great humus and falafel yummmm I want more now lol I love love grape leaves and cant get enough now I know where to go to get my fix! The lentil soup was awesome and served steaming hot in this weather totally hit the spot with fresh pita bread. This was plenty of food perfect for sharing and I'm not even sure I'd ever order that plate for $12.99 on my own. My friend had the lamb kabob and some soup as well and no complaints here either. They have hookah's and the good shisha my friend grabbed us some mint flavor which he love's I'm pretty sure its not any cheaper here than say a smoke shop. I saw a sign that said they have whole lambs and they had tons of stuff like gallon Tahini tubs and cute little tea sets among all the food stuff that looked good too. All in all I will be back to try some more delicous eats!
3	I've only been inside once for a jar of Nutella.  I know, kinda strange that I would stop at Yusef's for a jar of Nutella but I live right by the place and every deli has Nutella (and Yusef's did too, see-- I told you).Anyhow, I like this place for one really odd reason-- my Dad buys cherry juice at Yusef's by the case-- he says it helps his kidney stones.  My dad likes the owner and I think they are nice to him, so I am happy about that.I would like to try some of the fresh food they make, I'll need to make sure I take mental note to do so.
4	falafel phoenix best falafel best phoenix best falafel phoenix best phoenix falafel phoenix falafel best phoenix best falafel6 Star Falafel !    IT'S GREEN!Seriously the best in the valley, perhaps anywhere.  AND IT'S GREEN!It really does look like some hippies may have cooked up a batch of "Magic Falafel" in the back of their VW camper bus in the Shakedown Street parking lot of a Dead concert.  I'm sure it's more benign spices making these garbanzo flour patties the color of money, grass, and a soccer player's ass, but they are a mos def a HOMEMADE recipe.  I'm not saying all light brown falafel is from a box, but that's what most gyro places are doing.       8^ P`.',.`    ---pPbblltptllptbtI can do box all by myself.Various kebobs, dolmas, greek and tabouli salads, pita sandwiches -- the menu is classic greek fast food deli style, which just like the strip mall pad they occupy, the menu is a bit smaller than it used to be. They've changed ownership and also pared down the size of their store significantly since their heyday.  Yusef's was Best of Phoenix by New Times, or AZ Republic, or Get Out, etc, quite a bit circa 90, 92, 93, 95, 96, 2001 if I remember the signage.  Since then, things have gotten tough in the American economy for a niche market of Middle Eastern folks.  I sure hope they didn't suffer from former customers purposefully avoiding them after 2001 for any sort of discriminatory reasons -- what a shame that would be!Perusing the aisles of the grocery while waiting for your food to be prepared is like being flashed to an indoor version of an exotic marketplace bazaar (like in the first Indiana Jones movie, or hey, like Shakedown Street) full of strange and enticing shapes and smells and textures, foreign languages, and lots of "What the heck is THIS!?".  Spice grinders!  Pomegranate juice! Curry powder! Turkish coffee pots!  Anchovie fillets! Fresh Olives! Tamarind extract!I'm ready for the PARTY!  Where's the Houkka?  THERE IT IS! Up on the wall, several to choose from actually.My green falafel sandwich was freshly made, hot, and delicious.Still the best falafel in the Phoenix area (but sadly, it was found to be "Magic" only in it's tasty savory goodness).   Only $5.99 with a soda, or check with the owner on bartering your knit sweater-making skills.Can anyone recommend a good Goo Ball vendor for dessert?
1	Used to be great, now there's a new owner. He smokes inside the store. Menu the same, but the portions are smaller. Sad, I won't go back.
4	As a lover of Middle Eastern food and being half Lebanese I found this place to be great. I had the kefta sandwich and enjoyed it. Also if you are looking for grocery items they have some great ingredients.
5	I've been coming to Yusefs now for awhile to get gyro meat to go, along with their fresh feta, pitas and cucumber yogurt. BEST I'VE HAD! Finally I was able to eat there as they have a kitchen and OMG, it was delis and the prices are fabulous. I ordered the lentil soup and holy cow, it was UNREAL! I got the gyro plate with gyro meat and fresh rice (basmati?) and it was fabulous. Gyro Greek salad was amazing too. I love coming here because the owner is nice and very sweet!!!!!I recommend you try this little gem!! It's worth the drive!
4	Great little hole in the wall middle eastern deli. I like their grocery store. You can find many unique and hard to find items. There food is great. LOVE their lentil soup. It is so creamy and flavorful. I have never had lentil soup like this anywhere else. I order it often when I'm sick. Great salad and falafel. Service has always been good. The older man that owns the place is very sweet. I just wish they had expanded hours. Last I checked they closed at 7pm and were closed Sundays.
4	Stopped in last night for a take out dinner. I wanted to bring home something different than burgers or a pizza or fried chicken. So I used my Yelp app.... And showed Yusefs nearby with good reviews.The owner was a very personable person....and very helpful. Everything smelled wonderful, and it was pretty busy....all good signs.I order 2 of the falafel dinner plates, and the stuffed grape leaves plate. The only "side" for a dinner plate was the split pea soup. It was a generous portion....and VERY GOOD!The falafel and grape leave were both generous portions....and delicious!I want to go back a do a little grocery shopping for some of the unique items that I think you could find only in Phoenix here.Good job Yusef! I liked it!
5	Falafel is outstanding here, dark exterior with green interior, and a nice spicy peppery taste that is satisfying.  Cooked just right too for texture.  Fries are a nice side.  Prices reasonable here, plenty of parking, and a few atypical sodas available in the fridge.  Note that there's just a few seats inside, since this is also a grocery place.  To-go will probably be my main strategy for this great Falafel destination.
4	Stopped in for the first time not having known for 10 years that we were neighbors.  I'll start with the fact that the owner/operator was extremely polite greeting you when you enter and welcoming you.  I had my 2 toddlers in tow, and this can be intimidating to most small shop owners knowing one bad move can cause chaos from a toddler.  We sat down ordered some meals, lamb gyro, chicken ka-bob sandwich, hummus.  Easy mediteranean meal almost imposible to mess it up.  We walked in at opening so it took 10 minutes or so for food, but the array of goods in the market to shop made the time fly.  With no prompting they took it upon them selves to split the gyru meal for my kids, which was awesome and a super time saver for me.  The flat bread pita was good more authentic to the chew than the buttery mall version (though I like both).  The meat was perfect the lamb tender with a nice sear on it, very generous thickness as well preserving the meat texture.  their tatziki was a chunky version with great flavor and a crisp cucumber crunch through-out very refreshing in the 100+ degree lunch temps we were having.  The chicken was good with a nice subtle flavor and plenty of juice left inside the well grilled meat.  The hummus was traditional and very smooth more dip than spread.  Overall I am super impressed, the market has every canned and jarred good you could imagine from SPAM to stuffed Olive leaves and all stops in between.  The deli counter had a simple variety of olives and various feta cheeses, their produce was depleted (possibly because I walked in as they unlocked the doors) or not stocked yet.  I will be returning to shop and to eat again.  The welcoming owner made me feel as though my children will also be dining there regularly.  I will try to work my way through their menu board over the coming weeks, and will try to report back.
4	I usually come here once or twice a week. I love their gyros and fries - both very authentic and served Chicago-style. The staff are very friendly and accommodating, and they serve some good desserts as well. Good selection of Middle Eastern sodas, snacks, and other ingredients as well. I'm a fan!
5	All I can say is WOW! I have not found filafel this good since moving back home to az. They have all the traditional favorites, boba ganoush (which is EXCELLENT) humos, fattoush, tahini, salads and pretty much everything else. the grocery is stocked full of amazing things.. sauces and spreads, 'pickled' veggies of all kinds , exotic jams, jellies and honies, breads, meats and cheeses, candies, pastries, even found my beloved persian cucumbers :} they also carry a vast assortment of spices and marinades. i LOVE this place. The owner is very nice. I ordered a filafel (they have the GOOD kind, nice and FRESH and green inside like theyre SUPPOSED to be) wrap with sides of humus and boba and it was perfect even down to the nice ripe tomatoes. AND the prices are decent. I highly recomend this place
5	Alli can say is thank God they changed owners. The new owner is fantastic. Nice. Helpful. Smiles too!!! Plus they have all the goodies I need. The string cheese. The bulghur pilaf. The salted pumpkin seeds. And the Persian cucumbers. My new favorite!
4	Highly recommended for all your middle eastern dietary needs.My husband's family is Syrian and they swear by this place's falafel, hommus and baba ghanoush (sp?). They have every middle eastern candy, canned good, kitchen accessory and obscure food item you can imagine. A fun place to browse. Don't let the exterior and the strip mall location fool you, it is very cleanly and well-kept inside. You can even order some lentil soup and eat it in a booth by the window.
2	i got the chicken sheesh kabob plate......rice, chicken, and grilled veggies (2 slices of tomato, 2 slices of green pepper, half an onion), lentil soup and bread. 13.00!!! Haji-Babas gives you more for half the price. Plus Haji-Babas gives you some sauce. Come on Yusef! not worth the money
4	Delightful.  My falafel sandwich ($4.35!) was made with care. It arrived at my table nex to the window in the clean and orderly grocery store very hot, with a generous portion of tomato, just the right amount of onion and tahini sauce that had a bit too much "tahini-tang" for my taste.  The falafel itself was, again, nice and hot, but lacked an crispness to its outer layer.  The flavor of the falafel lacked salt but tasted very fresh and wholesome.  On my way out I purchased a couple cans of baba-ganouj and dolmas at reasonable prices.
5	Just had another delicious lunch at Yusef's.  I am lucky enough to have Yusef's as a neighbor to my catering business so when I am tired of what I am cooking, I go their for lunch.  The felafel was GREAT and they always have all of the obscure items I seem to need!  Come have lunch and buy some fun stuff for your next meal at home.
5	I ordered take-out a day in advance for a lunch meeting at work. The man who took my order was very helpful and easy to work with, and our order was perfect and so delicious. We got beef, chicken and lamb kebabs, and Greek salad. My co-workers loved it!
4	Really good lentil soup.  Great rice.  Lamb combo was ok but everything else was pretty good!
4	Very tasty and friendly service at the market. Picked up some fresh ground Turkish coffee while there.
4	The food is excellent. The prices are very reasonable. The people are pleasant. In addition to the four tables for dining in, there is a fascinating array of groceries for sale. We always end up with a few items to take home. The ambience is fine except for the constant sound of refrigerators, which sound in need of help. This is overall a gem.
5	When ever I'm in Phoenix I eat at this place 3-4 times over a two week visit to the area. This place is located in a quiet strip mall with plenty of parking. The market its self has a nice verity of foods and goodies with several tables in the back to sit and enjoy a good meal. Today I took my two cousins with me, we got two kibbi sandwiches, falafel sandwich and a plate of humus with pita to share. I'm 6'4 and can really eat a lot and I am always amazed at how filling their sandwiches are not to mention tasty! For 25 bucks all three of us managed to leave stuffed. They have the quality, taste and price that makes this place a frequent visit on my todo list. Ps. Get a plate of cucumber and yogurt with pita, it's very refreshing; also there are these amazing chocolate and pistachio wafers called nutymax try one!
2	Got a gyro here. I was dissapointed. small portions of meat, and a few pieces of lettuce and tomato, and WAYYYY too much sauce....It was pretty much pita and tsziki half the time..I had high hopes for this place. :(
5	Great little middle eastern deli market! I was looking for some sumac spice and other items and did not want to drive all over to find em. They everything I needed and had lots of unique items too. Call they will tell you if they have it in stock or not! Great prices for the items I bought today Super nice owner too !
5	I have nothing but good things to say about this grocery & deli. The food is AMAZING. The service is GREAT! Wouldn't change a thing! I love going there!
5	Stopped in and was greeted by hostess who was polite and friendly. Service from waiter, Gavin, who explained the food and recommended plates. Very professional and friendly. Ordered calamari as appetizer and it was delicious. Ordered the salmon and it was good. The Tiramasu I ordered for dessert was ok.  The place is small and there is an outdoor eating area . Place was busy but wasn't very noisy, which is good. This place does stay open late, like past 2am. I did like the atmosphere and would go back again.
5	I wanted Middle Eastern food from a small mom and pop type place and this place delivered. I like lamb and so I ordered a lamb kabob sandwich. The guy behind the counter asked if I wanted sauce on it. The lamb was juicy and little drops of it ran out of the bottom of my sandwich. There was 4 or 5 large pieces of meat and vegis and the sauce (yogurt) he asked about. Great sandwich and good value. $5.95. I also got the falafel and it was crisp ( not burnt) and delicious. The sauce with it was a chunked tomato and maybe onion in a yogurt sauce. Fantastic, I should have asked for more! I'm sure the gentleman behind the counter would have accommodated my request.  I can't wait to go back and try the hummus and other regional staples.
