1	We finally had the cash together and a weekend day available to go look at beds together and Sleep America was having a "King for a Queen" bed sale that was about to end. We went to the Sleep America on Power and we were immediately greeted. The lady that helped us was nice and did not rush us. We told her what type of bed we were looking for and she asked what our price range was. She had us try out three beds and we alternated laying on each one multiple times before deciding on a Euro-top Sertapedic King Size bed. The total one the tag was around $950, but after all the add-ons (Mattress protector, pillows, delivery fee, tax) it came out to about $1,400! Talk about after-sticker-shock. Of course we went ahead with it and scheduled delivery. The way they schedule delivery is pretty dumb. They say you can put in a request for a time, but they can not guarantee anything. The delivery driver will call you between 7-9 am on the delivery day and tell you what time. Ok, fine. We decided to have it delivered the next day which was a Sunday. Luckily, because of the way their route worked out they were able to meet our request. The crappy thing is I wish I could have know that earlier because I wouldn't have had to bail out on the other plans I had for earlier in the day. They get there and drop off the mattress in our bedroom and I got a phone call while they were there so when they left I was no where near the mattress and I put the phone down to sign off a piece of paper which he didn't even tell me what I was signing for. I assumed it was just confirming that the mattress was indeed delivered. Here's the thing....we had been warned by a family member to not use Sleep America because she said they purposely drop off a cheaper mattress than the one you purchased. Since their prices were so good and me being optimistic I decided to use them anyways. Well....here's my YELP! They did the same thing to us! After laying on it and noticing that it was a FIRM mattress and not a nice Fluffy one like we had tried, I told my boyfriend that it didn't feel right. He got home and immediately noticed the problem. They didn't even give us a Euro-Top! It was a standard mattress. BTW, A "Euro-Top" is just a fancy word for the new version of a pillow top. It is a pillow top that has been sown down to look like one mattress, but you can still see the sow line to tell if it is a Euro-top or not. I was just unobservant. Anyways, I immediately called them and told them that we were delivered the wrong mattress. The lady apologized and said "Oh, I'm so sorry. This is the fourth time this week they have done this" . She clicked around on her computer for a bit and then said that she accidentally put in the wrong SKU . (kind of find that hard to believe when we were charged for the bed we were supposed to get). Anyways, because of their wonderful scheduling I once again was not able to get a definite time that they would come until the next morning between 7-9 am. Now I have to miss work on Monday because of their screw up. I was obviously not happy about that. I ended up not getting my correct mattress until about 2 pm on Monday. NOT FUN! At least I won't need another one for another 7 years. If you decide to go with Sleep America, I just have to say PAY ATTENTION and plan on possibly getting the wrong mattress delivered "on accident" .
5	Worked with Ron here. Quite knowledgeable about different mattresses, and more importantly he LISTENED to our sleep style and offered accordingly rather than just let us lay on everything. Went in "not buying anything" left with a wallet $3000 lighter. Cannot wait to get our new Tempurpedic tomorrow and get back to sleeping good after another mattress store stuck us into a mattress that is far too soft.
1	Do not shop at this location.  My wife and I went in last Saturday made our purchase and set up delivery for today. I just called the store to find out that not only are our goods not coming today our delivery was rescheduled to next Saturday without any notice.  I will be canceling my order and never shopping here again.
