1	The service here is good and everyone I worked with was pleasant and professional. The entire process can be a little cumbersome but flooring is not an easy item to sell. There is a lot of signing a lot of paperwork, even of you are just picking up a few things. For the most part I am happy with my large purchase. BUT My only beef with LL is when they asked for my email address I should NOT have given it to them. My email has been filled with SPAM  24 hours after my first purchase. I know LL sells my email address because all the SPAM involves flooring and home improvements.  Very disappointed LL would make a side profit by selling my personal information. I find this sneaky and under handed.
2	The workers were friendly but full of excuses for delayed delivery of flooring. We really got the run around. Drove from Colorado to Vegas to put in a flooring that they said would be in when we arrived. Spent $2000 and our flooring was 3 days late and the transition moulding never arrived. We purchased this on advance to make a special trip to install. Very disappointing customer service.
1	Worst service ever.  Don't order from Lumber Liquidators.  They tell you 7 to 10 days for delivery but it takes close to 21 days.  Even though their warehouse is in Pomona, Ca.Every person gives you a different story and corporate is no better.  Worst experience ever.
1	I will say this about this business, they are happy to get your money but when you may have to change your decision about something and decide not to get the flooring and you put a nice deposit down and haven't taken the product, it is virtually impossible to get your deposit back! My husband and I was thinking about getting some flooring and put a deposit down. We knew the flooring was on sale so we wanted to leave a deposit but before we did we wanted to inform the salesman that we might have to change our minds and he said it would be no problem and that you get your deposit back within 1 to 2 weeks max. Well unfortunately we had to change our minds and lets say we still have not got our deposit back and we asked for the refund the 26th of July and today is the 25th of August and I just got off the phone with their head quarters (who by the way aren't very pleasant to deal with) and they say they just mailed the check out for our deposit and should be getting it this week, maybe. So to anyone who is deciding on getting flooring and want to possibly get it DON'T put a deposit. You won't see it for at least 4 weeks. You would think a company of this size would put service first but unfortunately they don't. I will never purchase from here and will recommend my friends not to either, of course their choice lol. So happy to take your money but not happy to give it back!
1	Pretty much the most terrible customer I have ever received.  I spent over 4 grand and got treated like a rat.  I ordered stair nosings and was told it would take 3 to 5 days. I ordered then November we 22nd and finally received them, after endless excuses of reasons for the delay, on December 13th.  To make it even better we ordered tongue and groove and started laying the whole top floor of our house with the template they gave us. So starting the entire floor with this template (matching what we ordered) we received lip over molding which was completely different setting out whole floor back and not even matching the width of our already set floor. The customer service matches the experience.  We were not compensated at all and told that we probably don't know what we were doing it didn't know what we were looking at. The person doing my floors has been doing this for over 30 years.  They offered to send someone out to identify the nosings were different but then stated they wouldn't come for days. They have set this project back by weeks causing extra expenses for my girlfriend and I and causing our move in date to be pushed back father and farther. They do nothing to correct their issues and just blamed the whole thing on their computer system not being correct.  After they admired their fault they offered a refund and offered us the right moldings in a other color that WE would have to stain to match our floor we bought from them. Best part is we would again have to order them and probably wait another month. They insulted the person doing my floor and have caused our expenses to go well beyond what we might have saved on just getting the wood from home Depot.  This has been by far my worst experience ever with any purchase big or small and I will never ever recommend or use this ridiculous company again.
