3	New location, same great assortment of healthy food and goods.  Just popped in the other day and it still looks like they are unloading into the new space.  I was glad to see the same smiling faces and the same products from the old store.While some of the things are overpriced IMO, the selection can't be beat for those looking for the upper crust relative to organic and health foods.  The only drawback and the reason for the 3-star review is the sheer amount of vendor tables setup peddeling samples, etc.  It was just too much given the smaller space they now have.  One or two would have been alright, but it felt like there were people at every turn.  Maybe it's just during this opening time frame, I sure hope so.
2	Too many excuses for not being prepared.  While understanding their move and supporting the store from South Blvd to Plaza Midwood, they just don't have it together.  HHM is extremely overpriced IMO.  Those necessary bulk items (not packaged), they did not make the space for, i.e., Raw Cacao.  Also, every time I'm checking out, the cashiers continually have personal conversations with each other while serving the customer.  Sorry if I feel the need to interrupt the conversation to inquire about store products.  Lastly, I asked for a manager for assistance and just found out from another store - she wasn't the manager.  I'm not impressed with HHM any longer.
1	Unhappy! Went to get juice after yoga and it was a disaster. Person making two of the same juices at once made 1.5 cups worth and never stirred so first person got top half of juice and I got second. When they went to refill mine, machine was "broken" so I paid $8 for half a smoothie. Offered to take two dollars off but when they realized they already rang me up, they just stared at me until I left. Terrible customer service this early in the game. Will not being going back if I can help it.
5	I've been shopping with HHM for well over 6 years and was so sad to see the South Blvd location close down, but I've been very pleased with the new Plaza store!  Reading the other reviews was surprising as I've only had good service here, so I wouldn't let a couple of bad apples spoil the bunch.  I think the addition of the hot bar was excellent and it is quickly becoming my favorite place to grab my lunch when I'm in a hurry but want some good comfort food.  The new store is certainly smaller, but I can still find most of my favorites and they'll do special orders when I ask for particular items.
5	Excellent service as usual! I stopped in during rush hour to speak with one of their vitamin experts. For less than the price of my GP's co-pay I was referred to a great cleanse and a high quality probiotic that really helped with the stomach problems I have been having! And the falafel from the deli just melted my mouth. So excited about this new location- am expecting great things as they settle into the new neighborhood! Will miss the South Blvd. store for the rest of my life but the new location at Plaza  has given HHM an opportunity to step up their game. I suspect the other reviews here with lower ratings are one-offs from the opening pains. No one is perfect 100% of the time but HHM has heart and soul and is LOCAL - support our Charlotte businesses!
3	I'm so very happy that Healthy Home Market had moved into my neighborhood! Their vegetables are high quality and their meats are as well. I just purchased fresh beets to roast and I'll saute the greens in olive oil and garlic. This is a great addition to Plaza Midwood.But, one thing I really wish is that the cashiers would be friendlier than they are. Today the fellow checking me out said nothing to me even after I said hello and thank you.
