5	I've learned that you shouldn't go through life with a catcher's mitt on both hands.  You need to be able to throw something back.  ~Maya AngelouVolunteering in the local community is something I definitely don't do enough of, but whenever the opportunity presents itself and my crazy schedule allows, it's always gratifying to work at the Mission.  I've worked the dinner service here many times over the past couple of years and the work they do there for the homeless is priceless.  My teenage son and I worked dinner service again on President's Day and the couple of hours we spent working with the staff and other volunteers flew by.  We served up just about 315 trays of food that night to the homeless who lined up for their share.  It may not seem like much, but every little bit helps if you're looking for a place to make a difference. Go to their website and you'll find info on how to become a volunteer.  And, big thanks to LVRM--you make a difference in my life and the lives of countless others!
5	We were cleaning out our pantry and closets, I coupon a lot so I get a lot of free products, especially women's hygiene stuff.My husband and I put together 10 bags of food donation, 1 bag of shower products and another bag of feminine products. When we arrived there was homeless everywhere outside of the mission, I'm guessing they where waiting for some meals or other services.  The facility was guarded with a security office to help direct traffic and open and close the gates. He was very polite and appreciative of us bringing in a few donations.We first parked by the food center, a very polite man greeted us asking what he could do for us and looked so happy to see us open the trunk to 10 bags of non perishables. He filled out our receipt, and chatted with us about what they do there and how they make bags of products that will nourish a family of 3-4 for at least 2 days with everything that they need.I walked over to another area to donate my hygiene and women's products  , a woman took them and expressed such gratitude for the women's care products, she said it's often over looked and couldn't thank me enough for bringing them in. I told her I coupon so much that I get most of these products free, and that I'll continue couponing them and bringing them in more often. As a woman, I could not imagine being homeless, surviving the element and wondering how I'll take care of myself while I have a cycle.  I had a lot of deluxe sample  sizes of body wash,shampoo,razors,lotion etc. As well as some full size blonde shampoos (which I'll no longer need) and I was able to get some bath and body works full size lotions bogo, so I hope whomever gets them gets to feel wonderful for at least a little bit.I plan to return fairly often with more donations, using my couponing skills to find more things that they need. And I plan to check out they're thrift shop! I LOVE that they pick up donations as well! Can't wait to go back and check them out! I appreciate everything that they do for the community, I hope more of our local homeless will reach out to them.
5	This is an excellent agency.  From what I've seen they treat their homeless population with respect and dignity.  Volunteer here just once and all the stereotypes that you may have once had about the homeless will quickly be proven wrong.
5	If you feel like giving back to the community this is a good way to do it. This organization does not have any government assistance so they are always grateful to have volunteers or donations.  I was able to volunteer and the experience was great. You can have the opportunity to help in their thrift store or serving food to their residents or homeless. I know some of the most busiest days are Tue and Thursdays, for more info please visit their website!
5	I can't say enough great things about the Mission.  Everyone involved really works hard to make sure those in need are provided all the help possible.  A meetup group does an event here every Saturday and is always looking for extra hands.  I go as often as I can and it's a really rewarding experience.  Love volunteering here and seeing the effect of good deeds.
5	Thrifty.I love thrift stores and I had no idea that this was even here. Now I am not going to sit here and lie to you. I had to do some community service here this past weekend. The thrift store is so cute.The warehouse manager (Tony) is so freaking nice. The to cashiers Candace and Des are super friendly as well, It was like I was already an employee there. The merchandise is actually OK.  I found alot of good stuff plus the prices are super cheap. REALLY CHEAPI really want to keep coming on Saturdays they get so busy plus I could help the Hispanics trying to communicate but don't know how to speak English.This is a great way to help out. Plus it is super fun.p.s.On any debit/credit card purchase it is a minimum of $10.00
5	What an awesome place! I felt God's presence there when I visited in January when my son commenced, 1 year sober. Every single person I spoke to during my 4 day visit was courteous and kind, whether they were staff or residents. Saw the kitchen, thrift shop, offices, etc. and can say it is beautifully and lovingly run.  If I lived in the Las Vegas area, I would gladly volunteer and I do plan to volunteer the next time I visit. May God bless the Las Vegas Rescue Mission--they are truly changing lives and saving lives!
5	I was so blessed to share the word love and my faith of GOD with the great people at the rescue mission blessing
4	I like this charity, and I volunteer with them, also do their meet-up group to hand out hygiene kits. BUT....I HATE the atmosphere of 'here's some help, now say you love Jesus'. It almost seems militant. That and if you work in the kitchen you are forced to listen awful Christian music. Christian music isnt always bad, but this is. If this place were interfaith tolerant, it would look a lot better to me. I would even feel more comfortable volunteering if someone wasn't shouting about Jesus every ten seconds. It's pretty awkward, really.
5	I've volunteered here numerous times, most frequently in the dinner service. The staff is always so friendly and run the kitchen like a well oiled machine. Its easy to drop off donations and they offer a tax write off receipt. I love volunteering here and seeing the good that the Mission does for the local community.
5	How do you ever give a rescue mission any less than 5 stars? Quick answer...you don't.  But if I could give the Las Vegas Rescue Mission more than 5 stars, I would.  The Las Vegas Rescue Mission has to be one of the most organized rescue missions that I have ever been a part of. I've donated some of my time giving back to shelters and rescue missions in San Diego and in Los Angeles.  Both those areas are big and sometimes disorganized.  Here at the LV Rescue Mission, I was quite impressed with how organized the staff was.  You're given an quick orientation when you start, then they assign a job for you.  We worked dinner service and the jobs ranged from the food assembly line, meal counter, bus tables, trash duties, in the kitchen, or dish washer. I had trash service and absolutely loved it. Trust me, this is the job you want to be assigned to. This one of the few jobs where you get to meet and socialize with people that you just served dinner to. I'm not about to imply that I'm a saint. In fact, there's a lot more that I could do to help our community. When I have an opportunity, I will do my part. The Starfish StoryA young girl was walking along a beach upon which thousands of starfish had been washed up during a terrible storm. When she came to each starfish, she would pick it up, and throw it back into the ocean. People watched her with amusement. She had been doing this for some time when a man approached her and said, "Little girl, why are you doing this? Look at this beach! You can't save all these starfish. You can't begin to make a difference!" The girl seemed crushed, suddenly deflated. But after a few moments, she bent down, picked up another starfish, and hurled it as far as she could into the ocean. Then she looked up at the man and replied, "Well, I made a difference to that one!" -Adaption of "The Star Thrower" by Loren Eiseley.  You too can make a difference.YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (405/500)
5	Anyone who is looking to volunteer in Las Vegas, start here. The staff is very friendly.  I just had my first experience at their dinner service. It is very organized, clean,  and those who are in need are very gracious and friendly as well. Will definitely continue to volunteer here, they do great work and have established meaningful relationships with those in need.
5	What a great organization.  I volunteered at the Mission with work and was so happy that I did.  We forget how lucky we are to have good jobs, enough food & a roof over our heads.  It was great to give my time to help people in need and be reminded to be thankful every single day for all that I have.  I also really enjoyed seeing how the regular Mission employees connect with the families that come in.  They genuinely care & want to help every person who walks through the door.  Please don't forget to donate some of your time this Holiday Season or whenever you can.  Give back to your community!
5	The Las Vegas Rescue Mission is a very special place.  They offer refuge and sanctuary to the homeless, feeding on average 1100 meals daily.  They are also a Recovery Program for individuals suffering from drug and alcohol addictions.This place changes lives.  Every Thanksgiving they give away turkeys and food baskets on a massive scale, and in 2012 they gave away over 1500 turkeys to families in need.  They repeated this in 2013 and continue to be an instrument and beacon of hope and help in the community.  Their recovery program for individuals, both men and women suffering from substance abuse disorder/addictions is second to NONE, and world class.  Most importantly it is free; so anyone needing help can find it here.
5	I volunteered here today for their Christmas event. Families in need brought their kids and their kids received Christmas gifts, selected from some clothing, took photos with Santa, received cookies, hot chocolate, and candy canes, and left with big smiles. There were some very needy families and it felt great to help out.
4	As a social worker, my beliefs are that the homeless need to get their needs met through community resources because that lets us check in on them and maintain both their safety and our own, as well as the opportunity to let them know about other resources available to them.  I volunteered here once and was impressed by this organization.  The clients were truly homeless living on the street.  They had two different dinner hours.  People coming in off street from the Fremont area and the second group were living and enrolled in their residential program.  I called ahead and asked if they needed whole turkeys as I had one left from Thanksgiving, he said most definitely.  They did serve a stew type entree, including whole fruits and even ice cream bars donated by some kind of distributor.  There was very little waste other than the very full plates as seen on other pictures.  A huge bin of day old bread was available for the taking as they left. Again, donated by a bread distributor.  This place was truly serving the needs of this community and their location was placed in the midst of a large population of homeless in our community.  I was impressed by the coordinator and someone had obviously done their work in lining up the relationships with mass vendors.  I would volunteer here again.  The staff were organized and thankful.
5	Truly a great experience!I imagine that when a volunteer walks in here for the first time, they are unsure as to what they will witness and experience. I admit, I was slightly uncertain and naive myself; I figured I would just stroll in, pass out some food, pour some water, and walk away selfishly feeling good about what I did for a few hours. However, seeing the hundreds of faces of adults and kids who came in here for a warm meal and place to safely relax for a while really put things into perspective for me. I was surprised by the immediacy of these thoughts and emotions that, for lack of better term, filled my heart. The amount of smiles on everyone's faces were quite surprising...and I'm not talking about us volunteers, I'm referring to the people here for dinner service. You could feel the genuine happiness that came in with them. Sincere "thank yous" and, "god bless yous" were consistently uttered after I took and cleared their food trays. I asked myself a simple, but perplexing question, "Would I be this happy in their situation?" "Would I be saying please and thank you, or would I be angry, and possibly jealous knowing that these volunteers go home to central heating and fridge full of food?" I don't know the answer to those questions, nor do I care to ever find out. What the Las Vegas Rescue Mission does is quite amazing! Not only do they offer free dinner services to the homeless, but they offer recovery programs, housing for families, and help to people who are determined to get back on their feet. It's nice to see that there are still places that rely on the power of human emotion, faith, and patience. I don't mean faith in the sense of religion, but the literal definition of the word... "confidence or trust in a person or thing". It's nice to see this is still alive in the age of twitter and witless/hollow comments left on social media blogs and sites. I can remember a time in my life where I was struggling, living and hoping that I could pay my bills for the next month. Realistically, I was about one missed paycheck away from being in the street. I was lucky enough to have a family that could catch me if I were to fall. The Las Vegas Rescue Mission is a grimm, but real reminder that not everyone is as fortunate as I am. Sadly, I believe I'm in the minority when it comes to that family support system. I'm glad I was able to be apart of filling peoples' bellies, even for a brief moment, and providing stability in an unstable society. I will be back to help volunteer at the Las Vegas Rescue Mission soon to take out the trash or load up a family's food tray.
5	I am a fairly new resident of Las Vegas so I am always looking for ways to get more connected with the city I now call home. I heard through a friend that volunteers were needed to help out with dinner service at the mission and decided to sign up. The people who organize and run the kitchen do an amazing job. The kitchen and dining room were all set for dinner service by 5pm. Diners entered in groups and were served quickly and with love. I would like to see my school's cafeteria run this smoothly and with such ease. Seeing the love and caring of the volunteers and organizers was very infectious. The hour passed very quickly and then it was time to clean up. I would describe my first experience there as very intense and emotional. Admittedly it was tough to see over 400 people in need of a warm meal. I am so thankful that there is a warm and welcoming place like the LVRM to give a bit of love to those who are in need.
5	For the last few months I've had the opportunity to volunteer at The Las Vegas Mission. Had it not been for Terri R inviting me to join in this adventure I probably would not of come here on my own. One thing I learned and I think is great about this mission is that they have residents. The residents are people that are going through a program to become drug or alcohol free. While going through the program the residents are placed into positions around the community. The positions can include security and working in the kitchen. Which also helps with placement into jobs once they complete the program. There are two dinner services, one for the residents and one for those that are homeless. More volunteers are needed during the homeless dinner. Volunteering at the LV Mission has been a great opportunity. Marcus does a great job with organizing the volunteers. I highly encourage you to volunteer when your able.
