3	This Tropical Smoothie location is mainly kitchen. The order/dining/waiting area is pretty small, with 5 tables cramped into it. It's also too noisy to be able to enjoy a meal here. The kitchen noise (are those industrial blenders or what?) drowns out the classic rock thats piped in. The best option is to sit outside at one of the common bistro tables outside this & the other 3 restaurants in the building.I love Tropical Smoothie. If you make the right choices you can get a very healthy meal or treat here. I know that the pineapple is canned not fresh, and the grape isn't actual fruit, it's juice concentrate. They also put turbinado sugar in most smoothies, but you can always ask them to leave it out. (Splenda is offered as an alternative, but  for me it just doesn't blend well with the fruit flavors.)They also offer sandwiches, salads, and wraps. This is a much better choice than the pizza place two doors down, for all kinds of reasons.
3	Meh.  This place was just average for me.  It's about what you'd expect going into a Jamba clone.  Service level was friendly. The smoothie didn't have me doing cartwheels, but it did did hit the spot to curb those semi hunger pangs that hit between lunch and dinner.  Definitely sit outside (unless it's Winter or Summer).  Although much healthier than the Pizza Hut a couple doors down, I did have a weird craving for Pepperoni and Jalapenos after leaving here.  =P
5	The best smoothies I've ever had..i go a few times a week..try the berry blast or the island intensity..its loaded with bananas, strawberries, and blueberries..also has acai and pomegranate juice..they also have sandwhiches, wraps, and soups..the soups are muy deliciouso!
3	The Tropical Smoothie Cafe inside Red Rock Casino at the food court. Its one of those places you just come to get a quick drink, or kill some time before the movie starts.Prices appear to be slightly higher than other locations, $1.50 for some drinks, making the drinks $6.50 for some before you add any extras. I guess you got to pay more for being inside a casino and by a theater. Order. Pay. Wait. Drink. Enjoy. Nothing exciting or bad about this place.
5	I think 6.50 for a smoothie is expensive.  But, I got one from there and I got a small cup to split the smoothie.  So the smoothie only cost 3.25.  That makes it a much better deal.   This place is a run of the mill food court mass production smoothie joint, a generic mall type place, but I am giving it 5 stars because the staff was nice, and my smoothie transaction went well.
3	I had the Southwest Chicken Salad for dinner tonight and it was quite good.  While they were working on the salad, I walked next door to Starbucks and got the dinner drink of champions and then took both home.  Now, that's what I call a two-fer.The young woman who waited on me was quite pleasant and I felt it was a good choice for my dinner.
5	THANK YOU CHARLESTON LOCATION FOR KNOWING HOW TO MAKE A PINEAPPLE TWIST! miss that drink on the menu!
4	Although the smoothies are rather pricey, the combo deals are great if you're their for lunch! I love their selection of smoothies and food items as well as the fact that you can sit down inside and enjoy your lunch or just grab a smoothie to start your day!
1	I'm trying so hard to write this review without using curse words and profanity. To sum it all up, this place and location sucks!!!!The lady who took my order was very rude and short. Before she even took my order she was on the phone in the back and didn't even acknowledge me until about after 6 minutes of waiting at the register. I was asking what all came in a honey ham & swiss wrap and she pointed and said "everything in the picture!" That was the rudest service I've ever experienced.So I just went ahead and ordered the flatbread sandwich, a banana, and a 24oz mango smoothie. The flatbread sandwich was dripping with some kind of weird honey dressing and she only gave me one napkin that was already soaked from the sauce leaking. The banana was beat up and bruised and the smoothie was the thickest drink I've ever had. Literally brick hard! There was no way to possibly consume this smoothie through a straw so I was forced to eat it with a spoon.Overall, DO NOT EVER EVER EVER visit this location unless you want to or have $10 to throw away on a lunch break. I am upset at myself for that. Tropical Smoothie will never get my money again!
4	Too bad we don't have this place in LA. Much better than the big chain smoothie joint we have here.
1	I've never bothered writing a review but I would have to agree with other reviewers. THIS IS THE WORST LOCATION!  They couldn't get my order right, the food came out cold, the cheese in my flatbread wasnt melted, and the employees didn't close the smoothie lid tight---which caused HAVOC in my new car!!!! Even if the place is close to my house...I'm NEVER GOING BACK!!
4	Get the punch card if you frequent this establishments and is other locations. Get up and go with mangoes ! Yum.
1	smoothies tasted great but their CUSTOMER SERVICE SUCKS!!! omg!!! i usu. never bother to make angry reviews but damn, i was just so pissed at this location. me & my cousin went in there the other day and some as$h0Le looking teenager walks to the register and just stands there looking at us like we were inconveniencing by waiting for our order...i'm NOT exaggerating here folks and i know i'm a polite customer so i didnt say anything...let it go...i still didnt know what to order so i heard his stupid ass sighed like damn i was taking forever. this fcker didnt even bother to greet us either, not one hello or even a smile!!! that's fine and all but he looked so bored and his co-worker, some other teen aged girl looked rude too. thank God the smoothies were good, otherwise i would have been more pissd. i will NOT come back to this location, w/ their attitudes like that, they can go fck themselves.
1	Horrible management. Understaffed and poor service. 20-30 min wait is regular during peak times for a simple wrap and a Smoothie. Avoid unless u like being overcharged for mediocre food.
4	Always quick and easy. Though its busy.. There is a bakery next door to keep you occupied while waiting when extremely busy.
1	Went here for the first (and last) time a few weeks ago while visiting Las Vegas. NEVER again.  Only one person working the counter at the noon hour, so very slow service.  Ordered the fish tacos, two for $4.99.  They have very nice pictures in the window and over the counter of good sized tacos filled to the brim.  My tacos were the smallest things you ever saw, about one bite for each taco, and that was mostly shell.  What a ripoff.  Not even that tasty either.  Don't get their food items if you go here.  I also saw them making up smoothies for other customers.  Looked like about 90% ice in each one.  Probably best to avoid them altogether.  And their corporate office isn't any better, as I contacted them and they never responded.
2	The smoothies are ok. The real problem is a few of the teens working here. Rude and not interested in working or helping customers. Real easy solution for the owner of this location considering how many people needs jobs...
2	Please pay attention when they make ur smoothies. they add hand sink tap water to the smoothies. When I ask why used in tap water. Their response were "it's just water~" At least use filter water...
3	Ok where to start? The smoothie I had was sunrise sunset with Splenda and it was really good. I got protein in it too so I essentially had it for lunch. Not bad at 260 calories for the whole thing!However they don't have many other healthy options including the wraps and salads with all the extras thrown in. They have low carb but they weren't sure if it was wheat. The people at the register weren't very friendly or patiEnt as they answered my questions but seemed to be rushing me and getting frustrated with my questions. I'd be surprised if nobody else ever asked any questions....
3	This location is ok. The staff is friendly. The location could use a regular deep cleaning with attention to detail
4	This Tropical Smoothie store is my favorite location. Probably because it is closet to my house.  It's located on W Charledton just East of Towncenter Dr.You have to wait too long sometimes at night because they are under staffed. The staff is pretty quick here, but there is only so much one person can do with a store full of customers. They are finally one of the locations that are open 24/7. Now I don't have to drive to Flamingo at night anymore.They have great smoothies. I usually get the Tropi Colada or the Acai Berry Boost with Splenda. They also have pretty good wraps and sandwiches too. I like the wasabi roast beef sandwich.If you enjoy smoothies give this place a try. You won't be disappointed.
1	The most disgusting bathroom I've ever seen!!! I sure hope the kitchen isn't taken care of the same way. Will never go to this one again.
5	So I just waited about 30 minutes just for one smoothie and I'll be honest, I was irritated at first but the employees were actually working as fast as they could and even apologized about the wait. It wasn't even their fault, they were slammed so I just chose the worst possible time to go get my fix.I've been going to Tropical Smoothie's in the valley for quite some time and I think this one is my favorite so far. Since starting their 24/7 hours, I have always been satisfied with product I receive.I always get either PEANUT PARADISE or PEACHES N' SILK. Both are very good for a very reasonable price. All of their smoothies are always prepared very well and I have never left this location unhappy with my product. Especially with the Peanut Paradise, sometimes they skimp you on the peanut butter at other locations and the taste is just off. Here, it's just how I am expecting it each and every time. They even have delicious wraps that I would highly recommend. If I'm getting a wrap I get the KING CAESAR, TOTALLY TURKEY or the THAI CHICKEN WRAP. All are heeeeelllllllllaa good and are insanely filling. I will continue to come to this quality location as long as I live here and as long as it is open.
5	This review is for Mikey! I've came here at night before and he is definitely the best. Favorite smoothie so far
2	Staff was friendly enough (1star) smoothies were ok (1star). Forgot our smoothies literally 20 min later... As one guy goes on break busy flirting with the girlfriend that came in the other tells another customer they are slow. I stand there and he goes "are you waiting for something?" .... I reply "yes our smoothies" I had to tell him what I ordered and wait all over again.
5	I always come here to get my late night "island green" smoothie fix. The staff is always friendly, and tonight was no exception. The young lady at the counter was so sweet and I had my smoothie in hand a minute after I ordered. Love this place!
1	Rotten macaroni salad. Lovely. DO NOT COME HERE (unless you're into rotten food).
