5	This review is th comment and update on the 5/31/09 review. Lake Las Vegas, as with any other resort  in the world has been affected by the economic downturn.   There are several separate and distinct neighborhoods in  LLV including villas, condos and single family homes.   Celine Dion  as well as Nigel Lithgow (so you think you can dance) have homes in South Shore.  This place is gorgeous!  the views, the lake and the village.  It feels like europe, a world away from the strip.  Many of the foreclosures were 2nd home/investment condos in the village.   Many of the owners simply walked away from them as they were not their primary homes.   Currently, there are only 4 actively listed condos in Viera and about 6 in Luna Condos.  This is out of nearly 350 condos.     Most people paid  WAY too much for these hotel condos during the boom and when hotel occupancy numbers fell, as anywhere across the country,  they were no longer profitable, another reason why investors just walked away. The HOA dues that the prior review mentioned that are $500.00 are likely for the condotels.  But, this amount includes ALL utilities including electric, water, high speed internet and cable TV etc. Not bad when you consider what it pays for.  Most of the  single family home HOA are appox $200.00 per month.   The banks are paying any past HOA dues when the properties are being sold, so the HOA's are financially fine. There are actually very few forclosures in LLV right now.Montelago Village is usually busier during the weekend and holidays. During the summer, the place is packed.  This past August of 2009, the village was sold out on several occasions.   While there are slower non-peak times there, Montelago Village is not a ghost town.  I was there last Sunday (1/31/10).   By lunch time, the village was busy, it was  a sunny day, people were packing the patio dining and families were ice skating on the rink.   Week day mornings are slower, but it was this way during the height of LLV. The LLV bankruptcy only really affects the residental component of Lake Las Vegas.  It has little to do with Montelago village itself, other than the bad publicity of the bankruptcy affected the village.   People hear bankruptcy and stopped coming. However, this is all turning around!!   Lake Las Vegas is exiting bankruptcy in April of 2010.  Rumors are that Reflection Bay and/or The Falls Golf course will reopen in April.  There are new restaurants opening in the village including Black Pepper Grill and Bernards Bistro.  The Irish Pub, Sonrisa, Luna Rosso and Sunset and Vines are all wonderful restaurants offering great food, service and some with entertainment.  Cafe Tenuta in the casino is the best breakfast in Henderson.   Lake Las Vegas isn't 25 miles from the strip.  It's about 17 miles and a 20 minute drive.   It's so beautiful in Lake Las Vegas, it's worth the drive. It's not the strip.  It's not supposed to be the strip.  Thank goodness it is not the strip. :)   Speaking of the drive,  Lake Mead Blvd is being widened to 6 lanes, as I type, all the way out to Lake Las Vegas.   This will also include landscaping and bike trails.  Henderson is creating a wonderful gateway to Lake Las Vegas and Lake Meade. There is a new buzz going on at Lake Las Vegas.   The spring/summer music series will begin soon on the weekends.  Jameoke at Sonrisa Mexican Restaurant is a hoot!  It's karaoke to a live band with your own back up singers.   If you don't want to sing, you can just play the bongos!!!   The Ritz has a wonderful garden with a firepit to relax around. Go check out the village!
4	Quiet and away from the Strip. Great for productive meetings. Loews always does things first class. No exception here. Economy has not kept the service from excelling. Kudos.
4	This place has so much potential. I wish it wasn't quite the drive to get there though. It is nice and quiet, but doesnt offer too many shopping and dining. I would love to see some places here open and make it so people have to keep coming back. Great for a romantic get away with that special someone for a day. Get some hot cocoa or coffee at saxbys and go and sit by the water. (bring a blanket even and cuddle by the water.) They offer ice skating now for the holidays which could also be fun on a day date. I say suck up the drive and make it a day to go down and just relax. It is very pretty even to just drive by and look at all the houses up there. I was impressed on my first visit there and cannot wait to go back and just check out more things the nearby hotels have to offer.
1	This review is mostly for their "floating" ice skating rink.  This alone is NOT worth the drive.  We were already staying in Henderson so it was only about 12 miles one way to Montelago Village.  However, it did not take long to decide that the rink was not worth trying after seeing it for the first time.  Not only was it smaller than the regular NHL or Olympic size rinks, there were orange cones _on the ice_  for small kids to use as they go around the rink!  What kind of idiot thought of this???  Let kids learn the right way (not leaning forward!), let them fall if they must and remove those skating hazards from the ice!  The ice also looked rough and we got there within maybe an hour after it supposedly opened to the public for the day.  Hardly anyone but a few kids with orange cones were there!  By the way - there is a roof over the ice so don't get the illusion that you'll feel like you're skating on frozen pond!  It's more like skating on a small covered dock on a small lake.There was nothing else that made us want to stay - it was a ghost town so we immediately went to our car and headed back.
4	We went out on a Sunday night just for dinner and to walk around the lake and village for a bit. We had 3 people and assumed it would be a little busy in the late afternoon early evening but oh my was it ever DESERTED. We parked in the Village parking garage and just saw a couple other car and walked through a passage to the lower village shopping area and it was almost scary/embarresing how empty it was. Walking through the main shopping area we thought we were in the twilight zone and would be attacked by zombies at any moment. We ate at the Black Pepper Grill which we had the ask the one guy if they were open and sat at a table in a restaurant where we were one of two total parties. Awesome food and service but just plain creepy with no people around especially at prime dinner time on a weekend. We walked over to the newly opened Ravella and it was warm and comfortable and had a great front bar that was had surprisingly cheap prices, but again just a random person walking through the hotel lobby. I really hope Lake Las Vegas comes back cause it has so much to offer...Until then I am going to film a episode of "Life After People" on the property
3	I have mixed feelings about Lake Las Vegas.  One the one hand, I hate the fact that we allowed the diversion of water from Lake Mead to create this artificial lake for an upscale resort, shopping, and housing area.  On the other hand, isn't the whole valley built on Lake Mead diverted water?The Great Recession has hit as hard here as it has anywhere in the Las Vegas Valley.  Many of the stores are empty and available for lease.  The best thing about Lake Las Vegas are the large number of special events they have to drive traffic to the resort.  If you ever saw the Andrea Bocelli concert: Amore Under the Desert Sky, then you've seen Lake Las Vegas.  Bocelli performed from a stage for special events that's in the Lake Las Vegas Village near the Ravella Hotel, then the Ritz Carlton.The resort is fine but mostly for special events.  It's not worth the drive for me unless there's a destination reason.
2	This is a shell of what it used to be. I came out here with a friend to take some pictures and it was a ghost town. There wasn't anything too impressive to capture. Most of the property has been neglected. This is most evident with the lagoon. It has now receded and turn green. No longer is it a place for swimming, relaxing, but it has turned into a cesspool for mosquitoes to breed. The shopping area is mainly abandoned with most shops going elsewhere. The area is beautiful in architecture, but no longer the oasis getaway from the crazy Strip life.
3	Waste of a drive from the NW part of town.  With Tivoli Village now open, I have a much shorter drive to pretentiousness without ending up in a scene from Twin Peaks.  It was so empty there, that if something happened to me, I don't think I would have been found for days.
4	I love this place. I bring my triplets here to feed the ducks. Also I am able to take them to eat with the many choices of outdoor restaurants. There a few shops there to check out but mostly its just nice to walk around and grab a nice meal.
4	If you wanted to locate the real upscale side of the Las Vegas area, then you've probably found the right place. I had done some research on Lake Las Vegas and wasn't quite sure what to expect in-person. It's a really nice village to walk through and features a nice housing area and hotels; don't know the price range but I sure wouldn't pay so much to live in luxury like that.
3	The Village at Lake Las Vegas is a beautiful Mediterranean style open air shopping area. Like much of the Las Vegas area,it has been hit hard by the economic downturn... There are not as many stores or eateries here as there were a few years back... but business IS picking back up, slightly. I still do not see The Village as a destination for shopping, for me the best reason to visit are the events. The Village plays host to many events throughout the year including beer festivals, wine walks, concerts, car shows, holiday celebrations and competitions like triathlons and other races.If you live in the area there are also some restaurants at the Village worth checking out, like Sunset & Vines. I wouldn't make a long drive over there just to try them though. Someday soon I hope I am able to update my review and give The Village Lake Las Vegas another star. It has the potential to be fabulous, it just needs to offer a little more to make it worth the drive from The Strip or the west side of town!
4	MonteLago Village is still hanging on and there are a number of restaurants worth checking out. Storefronts still come and go on a regular basis, but there is always a variety of stores open on the quaint Village walkways. Waterfront dining is available at some of the restaurants as well, and Casino MonteLago is still open (as of this writing!). There is live music most Friday and Saturday nights on the hill overlooking the lake. There are wine walks and beer festivals at the Village throughout the year. All in all, a great place to spend the day and/or evening.
3	I returned yesterday from Montelago Resort and I am still very satisfied with the resort stay, however, I agree that it is a ghost town and made me very scared. I walked over to the shops and was very shocked that most of them are now gone. There was no foot traffic and the help there did not understand English to help me understand what happened.  The convenient market that was there does not exist anymore.I did enjoy the jazz on Saturday night but was disappointed with the service, or lack there of, at Bernard's Bistro since they told me I couldn't order take out because they were too busy....really?!?! So, I went over to the Mexican restaurant and ordered a burrito that I never got because they forgot to place the order. Needless to say, that lack of service is enough to make me not want to return to the resort. If I can't depend on the few restaurants left to buy a meal, I may as well stay elsewhere. Hopefully, business will pick back up because the resort is too beautiful to go under. I hope when they do lease the empty stores, they will get owners who actually care about the customers who are spending money at the resort.
4	I'm at the Village at Lake Las Vegas at least twice a year.  Once for the Brew Best Beer Fest in Spring, and again for their Beer Fest in the Fall.  The Village is also a great place to do photoshoots with the nearby lake, chapel on the bridge, and waterfall.  There are shops, restaurants, and a few casino properties nearby too that make it a nice destination to escape Vegas without having to drive too far.During the past year restaurants and shops have re-opened, and so has the Montelago Casino.  The lake still hosts boat races, winter ice skating, music at the lake; there are plenty of reasons to make the trek to the Village throughout the year.  The place will most likely be empty without an event, so be sure to visit while there is something going on.
2	My trip out here was actually quite a let down. It was a Sunday morning and we had no plans and wanted to do something a little different so after seeing a commerical with the sparkling waters and the awesome looking shopping and dining it looked like we had found our Sunday afternoon destination. We loaded up the car and began out 35 minute drive out there to first drive by a completely dead golf course on the way in, which we let go since we had not made the trip out there to golf. Following the signs it led us to the casino parking garage and we thought we had made it to this awesome desert oasis. This is when things went south, It is very unfortunate because this could be a great place but walking through the shopping area was like watching disney's Cars when they all freak out because they have customers coming down the street. It really felt that way, Most of the buildings are vacant and the few that were not had the shop owners/keepers sitting out front basically asking you to come inside and look around. It was more of the PLEEEAAASSSEEE come in, not a hey, how is your afternoon come take a look. I did feel a little dooped into coming out there, the TV commercial that aired showed this amazing lively happening place to go and that could not have been further from the truth. Unfortunately I have to say I don't think I will be back.
3	This is a glorified strip mall that seeks to resemble a European village.  The economy has not been kind to this shopping area and there are many empty businesses.  There are several restaurants that are better than what's available in many of the nearby hotels but they still aren't that high caliber.  The Irish Pub/Restaurant is probably the best place I experienced in this area.  The area seemed to virtually be a ghost town the entire time I was there and I made several visits in the course of over a month.
3	I was really excited to make my first trip here with the fam. From the moment you turn into the entrance at the Lake Las Vegas sign, to passing the nice little waterfall on the right, you would think these things would be a good indicator of more good things to see.What I found was an empty, almost ghost town type of setting. Most of the stores were either closed or just empty. There were only a handful of places open which didn't make it any more appealing. Since it was a 100 degree Saturday afternoon, you would think the place would be bustling with peeps. Makes me wonder how these businesses manage to even stay open since there is hardly any foot traffic. I think this place would be a great scene for a post apocalyptic zombie movie.The only place that was actually busy was the paddle boat rental place. Im assuming when the weather gets cooler whether at dusk or other than during the summer this place should be busy. There are lots of places for good picture taking opportunities. Sadly, that's all I can review about this place. Hopefully on my next trip it will be much better.
3	We spent our anniversary here.  It was a good place to do so.  Very quiet and nice, but not a lot happening.
1	If you're looking for something to do, Lake Las Vegas is not a place. Its a beautiful Village that is literally a ghost town (Went on a Saturday).The only place that had people in it, was an Irish Pub. You can also see the confused tourists wondering "why am I here, there is nothing to do"Granted, the scenery is nice... but I am going to predict that the next series of "The Walking Dead" will be filmed here. Why? Cause as everyone else before me mentioned -- this place is dead.
1	The Village at Lake Las Vegas was a very memorable and special place to my husband and I. We were married at The Westin Lake Las Vegas when it was formally The Hyatt and we have so many fun memories of a jam packed hoppin Village. We use to bring groups of friends with us and we all would dine and gamble at the Casino for hours. We would bring our kids and have fun walking all the shops and spend hours at the village. The Hyatt would boat us from the hotel to the Village and we would take a continually running shuttle back to the hotel at the end of a fun night. We just got back from a recent stay at Lake Las Vegas and decided to stroll over to the village where it is absolutely depressing and empty! There is a gross sewer smell throughout the village, most all buildings empty and not a single sole around. It was heartbreaking for us to see as we had always experienced the village to be such a fun spot. I hope there is a turn around as the Homes, hotels and condos out that way would thrive on it!
1	One thing that I can say about my visit to the village is it was very quite, because nobody was there. The best way to describe this place is to call it a ghost town. With one about 3 to 4 places open there is no reason to make a drive to it. BUT if alone time is what you want than this is the place for you.
1	We took a guest from out of town there this weekend and told her how charming and friendly a place it was.  The first shop we stopped into we asked why it was so empty and the shop owner snapped at us that she was not an information center or concierge and that she was just trying to keep her business afloat.  Not at ALL the charm and welcome we had told our guest to expect.  The woman then asked where we were from and she said she would talk to locals but not out of towners.   WTH???  Don't they want out of towners to stay at the hotel, visit the stores and restaurants?  I was shocked!!  The rude attitude will NOT bring in business to an already struggling area.  Our friend had hoped to find this a great alternative to the strip as she loved the beauty of the area and was even curious about purchasing or renting a second home there when we had told her about it.  One visit did away with that idea.  Why would anyone want to move there and do business with that type of person.  The place remains pretty but is in disrepair, sadly so, and there are very few places open any more.  It is sad and we used to take guests there.  I think this was the last visit.
2	So I just visited Lake Las Vegas on a whim. I had always seen special rates for the Hilton ( formerly ritz) and Westin ( formerly Hyatt) . I heard Elton John and Celine Dion had houses on the lake back on the day, so I figured it would be a classy upscale place to explore.,It's not a close drive from the vegas strip. If any thing its a long uneventful drive up past a bunch empty lots and abandoned shops. Finally you'll drive through some hills and see the waterfalls and  newly minted signs indicating the resorts and casino ( the Casino is closed ).First thing when you arrive is you think , Is this place even open? parking your car in an empty parking lot is only the beginning of this surreal and bizarre experience.After aimlessly trying to figure out how to get to the hilton ( there are no signs or other people indicating the direction of the lake ) , I finally went up to the third floor to a neglected walk way that connected the parking to the back entrance of the Hilton. Upon arrival you pass by the village which is desolate quiet and has an eerie feeling that people are watching you.The whole place seems like a fake movie set; with lovely lighting a quaint Disney like fairytale village . But no one is there. I came on during new years, but all I saw were a few people walking there dogs in the distance and some bored looking couples.The whole village is empty. There are signs pointing to the casino which is closed, as well as rentals at the dock ; but again it's hard to tell which places are open and which are indefinitely gone into bankruptcy or just have their doors closed .Strange thing is the few stores that are open don't even look open, and seem to not have any one working there. You have to investigate, kind of reminds me of an episode of the twilight zone. I just keep thinking aliens or some locals from the cult are going to come out and murder you.However, on the plus the surreal is part of the strange appeal . It's absurdly quiet; you can hear the wind and doors creek. The lake itself is very shallow , which probably explains why there aren't much motor sports to do. It's a sad brown color, but is very beautiful at sunset.Part of it does feel like an abandoned movie set , or perhaps an old European villa hosting vagrant gypsies , but its oddly calming and unsettling at the same time.The one saving grace was the Mexican restaurant Villa Sonrisa. Though it appears closed, you go inside and find an very warm and inviting staff. I hope that they can make it through, or somehow are getting away with an insanely cheap rent. Otherwise, like the ritz and casino adjacent it too will have to close down shop.The whole town is probably the result of an overly enthusiastic investor that didn't realize the location is  terribly out of the way. And with no entertainment , no casino, no shopping, no restaurants, and no water for water sports, no one will go to this fantasy get away resort town.I was planning to visit calico on the way but, but if anything this was much more the authentic ghost town .  Overall rather depressing, but in that you can be alone with your thoughts and mourn all the money wasted in vegas and excess nights of drinking and gambling in a broke empty town and rethink the decisions you've made in a drunken haze.
5	Relaxing place to take a stroll. The Beauty of the lake is amazing.  There are shops open. Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory, two pizza places, irish pub & soon a Brooklyn NY themed place.  We walked around, stopped at Perk N Post coffee & post office. Stopped in Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory & enjoyed some almond bark.Give this place a try to fall in love with. Very romantic spot, so many restaurants that are trying to bring in business.Spend some money, give this place a little visit.
