5	I first found Freddy's on a family trip to Texas.  Now I am able to enjoy it on business trips.  This location is easy to find and has the same quality of all their stores.  Unique high quality fresh burgers, great fries and try the custard.
2	Freddy's has finally opened!!! The place was very busy and as soon as you walk I'm you see a plethora of Freddy's workers  in the kitchen. The atmosphere reminded me of an In-N-Out with a mix of Five Guys service and a Steak N' Steak diner feel. Anyways, my boyfriend and I shared the #6 combo- double cheeseburger California style combo with the Chicago style hot dog. The burger had a piece of hair on my bf's hamburger patty! The meat tasted plain and dry. The fries were shoe string fries but had too much salt!!! The Chicago style hot dog was wrapped in a butter toasted bread with an all beef frank, peppers, onions, and some celery salt. The hot dog was overpriced for a small piece of meat, same size as your typical grocery store hot dog. If you take a bite of the hot dog itself, it is very salty...Overall, while the concept they were trying to create was cool, the food itself needs to work out some major kinks. Try this place out and you might get a different experience then we did!
5	Freddy's customer service was impeccable. My sister had gotten the wrong order, but chose to keep what she got. One manager came back, and instead of taking the wrong order away, he gave her what she originally ordered and let her keep the other burger as well! Food was great and price was reasonable. Five star service!
4	Cool another burger joint! That sells custard to boot!! It's what distinguishes this Midwest franchise from I&O, S&S and 5G's.Ambiance - Whole area surrounding Freddy's looks new, from the repaved blacktop in the parking lot to the modern stylized 50's diner interior of the building which used to house Fazolis. The dining area is pretty spacious,airy,open ceilings. There is also a drive thru, didnt see any cars go thru during my visit. So FYI there is drive-thru service Yelpers. BTW the address is listed wrong..should be 9809 (see my photo) Service - Hard workers!!! Minute you walk into the place you are greeted by smiling faces eager to help you. In fact one of the employees saw us walking up from the parking lot and opened the door and greeted us. For being so new it was nice to see staff was confident when giving descriptions of their menu items. You place, pay and pick up your order at the counter when your number is called. Our wait time was less than 3 minutes.  Tables were cleaned up pretty quick.  Eagle eyed workers also came around and continuely cleared our table as soon as dirty napkin,empty straw wrapper hit the table...no kidding! Food -  Ordered their Orig Freddy's Dbl Steakburger which was their plain burger just pickles are on it..cheese was xtra.   If you want the lettuce, tomatoes whole bit upgrade to the Cali Burger . We also got Chili Cheese fries  to share and the Mr. got the Triple burger + a hot dog combo.  Our order came to $20 for all  food and drinks!  Everything was cooked to order,  so food was still hot when we sat down to eat.The burger patties are pretty lean, no greasy oozing out mess here. They are smashed thin so the texture of the edges were pretty  brown & crisp on the outer part and cooked well done inside.  They're evenly seasoned with salt, pepper, garlic.(that's what my tastes buds detected)  The bun was buttered and toasted. If you're a big eater the portions might be small for you, but it was perfect for me, it satisfied my red meat craving and  I didnt feel guilty "super sizing" it to a double burger.The fries were the shoestring variety, still hot and still crisp with all the chili and velveta like cheese poured on it.  Their chili is a tad salty for my taste.  Mr. B said the hot dog was okay, I thought the buttered Texas toast was a different and cool take for a hot dog bun.  The custard I ordered was a Vanilla concrete, similar to DQBlizzard. I dont get why it's called a "concrete" though, I was thinking it was going to be served up as brick..lol  The custard concrete is like a real thick ice cream but more dense, creamier..and felt very  rich & fattening ..the mixin I chose was caramel.  The custard was good but I only had a few spoonfuls since I was stuffed as it was.(so note.. order it to go next time) .  Overall we enjoyed our meal, food was good, service great! I will probably choose this place over 5G's for my go to fast food burger joint when in the area because the prices are more reasonable and Freddy's got the custard!!
4	Fries were great- very crispy. Fry sauce not much, but if you are a fan of mayo and ketchup you might like it. Custard is top notch! The burger tasted exactly like Steak n'Shake- which is not a problem, I love that place. If you are looking for a thick burger, this is not the place. These are thin steak burgers so maybe get a double. All in all, very clean and good customer service.
5	I just did the drive through but I thought this food was pretty good.  I only purchased a hot dog and fries and the bun was buttered and grilled, yum!  Service was quick for something made fresh.  Employees were ridiculously nice.  While waiting in the drive through, a gentleman who worked there passed out menus.  I will be back to try their burgers and of course their custard!
4	Went here on the hottest day of the year. Seriously delicious. Kindy pricey and the chicken was a little plain but the hot dog was delicious and the California Burger is better than a Double Double. (Sacrilege, I know) the fries are tiny shoestrings that are delicious.
3	Everyone is super friendly here. You can feel the "Happy Days" spirit right when you walk in. This is the first place I've been to in a long time where the business was overstaffed for the amount of customers there. I guess its a good thing for customers, but it looks too busy behind the counter. Anyway, I'm giving this place a 3 out of 5 because I went in to try their frozen custard. Their vanilla custard tastes like McDonald's ice cream. Don't get me wrong. I LOVE McDonald's ice cream, but I think I still prefer Mr. D's frozen custard. However, I do like that Freddy's has mini size options, so I may opt for this on my not-so-frotard-craving days. I must go back to try their steakburgers now!
4	I have to say that I wasn't expecting much when I saw this place go up. Another "specialty" burger joint in Vegas... Oh,  yippee joy! What I found was an amazingly fresh burger (cooked to order). The pickles were a nice touch (long, bun length) and the bun was toasted just right! My only knock is that the bacon was just ok and you need to add some sauce to the burger as mustard was the only thing on there. But, Im sure if you play around with it you'll find your perfect way. First impression thought is that It still lacks in the signature taste department compared to In N Out, but this is the best #2 I've found... And that's saying a lot! The custard was to die for! Tried a turtle sundae and I wasn't disappointed at all. I think next time it will be the Hawaiian one... Actually, it will be up to the wife to choose the next one so who knows!The place was clean, the people were friendly and very inviting. Way different then other "steak burger" places in Vegas located in or near Southpoint Casino. I will totally be back!!
4	Cool new place. It's a lot like Steak and Shake except without the shakes. It's like Steak and Custard. (badum bum) We ordered the traditional California burger, the chili cheese fries, and a turttle custard concrete. The California burger is what you would expect a traditional California steakburger to be (it tastes just like the steak and shake california burger). It's got the thinnly sliced steak burger with the all the California burger fixings.Now, I do love their chili cheese fries! I'm not a big fan of chili cheese fries only because it's so filling and I get full off it so fast. It's got the steak burger chunks in it with nacho cheese and mini cubes of onion on it. The french fries are also those thinly cut fries which makes it all the more better. You taste more of the chili cheese than the thickness of the fries which I loved.Now, the turtle custard concrete. DELISH! The custard was nice and thick and super solid! It was rich and creamy. It had all the fixing of a turtle any thing. So the pecans, caramel, and chocolate just made that custard taste so good. If you prefer it premixed and you want to just sip on it, get the concrete. If you dig the helpings on top where you can eat the best of the best first, get the sundae.
3	The burger carton at Freddy's proclaims, "To us, every order is a special order". Maybe that explains the missing top bun on my burger. This wasn't a great first impression of their food after waiting about five minutes at the drive through window. Luckily, I planned on eating in the car and noticed before I got home. I headed back inside and approached the presumed manager (wearing a polo shirt), and he was friendly and apologetic.Once he bunned me, I went back to the car and tried my double steakburger, California style. California style comes with American cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, raw sliced onions, and the typical thousand island-style special sauce. The burger is smashed and crispy, Steak 'n Shake style. It was tasty, but I felt it was a little small for the $4.69 price.Despite the bad first impression, I will probably give Freddy's another try. The chili cheese fries are calling me...
4	Driving around the area during lunch time, I noticed Freddy's had just opened up. I checked my trusty Yelp app and after checking out the reviews, decided on an impromptu visit to Freddy's. I chose to drive thru, for convenience. I ordered a chili fries and a mini vanilla malt with cheesecake and cherry added. The fries were fantastic! The perfect texture. I love skinny fries with a bit of crispiness and the chili was really tasty too. They add onions, so now I know for next time to specify that I don't want onions, but it was still fantastic. They reminded me of my favorite chili fries from The Original Tops in Pasadena, CA. The malt was really great too. Very tasty and they included a boba straw so you can suck up all the delicious add-ons through the straw. I'll definitely be back to try some of their steakburgers and get another taste of those fabulous fries and custard.
1	I'm NOT impress!!!! Very disappointing.  We had Patty melt,  the patty was thin crispy not juicy at all over cooked.  Onions inside the burger has onions skin not pleasant.  No flavor. So not worth it. Waste of time and money. Over price too. Just my opinion.
4	Came back to try a burger and also a little from a hotdog. The burger was pretty good. Very similar to Steak n Shake or Smashburger. The meat was flavorful and I enjoyed the crispy edges. It's not typically my favorite type of burger, but I do appreciate the smashed version at Freddy's, since they do it well. The pickles were a nice touch. Sliced lengthwise, they were full of flavor and nicely crisp. I almost enjoyed the hotdogs more than the burger. The hotdog was meaty and made to order, which was great. I'll definitely be back for lunch again soon.
4	I am thrilled Freddy's has opened a location in Vegas!  The burgers are flavorful and delicious.  The custard creations are heavenly.  The service is quick and wonderfully friendly.  This is the only place I've been to that has those wide straws that help you be able to actually drink their thick malts.  The only reason I left off the 5th star is that the prices really are too high for what you get.  That doesn't keep me away, though.I wish you had pretzels to mix into your concretes!
2	Freddy's burgers are tragic. I know tons of people will disagree, but poop on them. This is my review. I can appreciate a good burger just like anyone else, but I did not find any trace of one here. The patties are pounded too thin and cooked in oil destroying any actual meat flavor. They re-kill the beef! There's also entirely too much Mayo in the Thousand Island like burger sauce and an unneccessary amount of it on the paper thin patty. The bun tasted like it had been saturated in butter. Good thing they are located so close to the hospital. I also ordered the chili cheese fries which had potential and were cooked perfectly until someone assaulted them with salt. Did I mention the SCREAMING children everywhere? Ugh.I looked around and observed close to ten people around 300 pounds each. All enjoying these unhealthy burgers and I thought to myself," Am I at the Heart Attack Grill place?" Feck this. I left without eating even half of my meal. Don't remember the last time I did that.Freddy's gets TWO STARS for having Diet Dr. Pepper and for having excellent customer service and a clean restaurant which is important. They lose three stars for the prices and the overall flavor.  Maybe they should have an ambulance out front with a Freddy's logo on it to attract more potential heart attack victims, I mean loyal customers.
4	Freddy's is a great new addition to Las Vegas.  The food is good and the prices are reasonable.  The frozen custard is great too!!  Portions are pretty big so you could probably share.  The burgers are thin and come with everything.The only thing is that they are seem to be a bit more greasy than other places. They just opened so they still have a few kinks to get out with the service but overall it's a nice change from bigger fastfood chains.
3	This place was good, but not great.They have a lot to offer and a lot of potential, but there could be some improvements.  I had their cheese burger which was good, but not anything special necessarily. Reminded me of In-n-out because they also have their own sauce. If someone I'm with wants to eat there I'd have no problem with that, but I don't think I'll necessarily go back just for myself.Something to note if you do go: they have a horrible line area.  We got lucky and seemed to go during a lull, but about 3 minutes after we got there the line got incredibly long and it was uncomfortable because people didn't know where to stand, it was kind of funny.  Also, there are WAAAYYY too many workers walking around and standing idly.  It made it super awkward when my family and I were trying to eat and every few minutes someone asked us how our meal is..not gonna lie but in 3 minutes nothing is going to change from our answer haha And at that point we were kind of wondering if they're going to have that many workers why don't they bring us our food instead of calling numbers and we go up and get it? Just a thought.
5	Truly a great burger joint! Freddys puts Steak-n-shake to shame. Their people are much more personable, the food is less expensive, and the taste FAR exceeded my expectations. Shoestring fries are flavorful and crispy, steak patties are tender and juicy, and the burgers are well put together. I can't help comparing this place to Steak-n-Shake but they are only similar is what they serve. Everything else is black and white. S&S would not accommodate a group of 20 local students and Freddy's will. Support this local business. One that supports its own community. I was VERY impressed with this dining experience.
4	I haven't had a patty melt in years! It was just as good as I remembered! Love the skinny fries and they have Dr. Pepper! Next time I'll bring my kids!
5	Great burgers...amazing onion rings..excellent service. I was being indecisive and changed my mind 3x at drive thru...as I apologized the employ said change your mind as many times as you like...refreshingly sweet attitude. Drive up to get my Order and the employ reached her hand out to shake mine and said nice to meet you my name is heaven ...I have never had a drive thru attendant shake my hand and introduce herself. And then after all that which was a great experience ....the manager gave me a comp chocolate custard...which was delish! ...crazy cool fast food joint. If you havent been...GO Another bonus...there is no tip jar at the drive thru window (-:
5	I just went to the drive thru and ordered a chicken sandwich (lettuce-wrapped) and a six patty (lettuce wrapped) steakburger.When I got to the drive thru, the associates could not believe that I was ordering a six-patty steakburger. They upgraded me to ten patties upon my request calling it the, "Freddy's Challenge."I took it home, although I told them I can eat it there. They insisted next time I come by. Pictures are posted.
3	Ugh, shoestring fries.  Why?  Why?  Why? What's the point?  They don't taste like potatoes.  They're impossible to dip in ketchup.  I hate it.I got a patty melt to go with my fries that tasted nothing like potato.  The bread was very buttery which is awesome.  The onions were thoroughly grilled.  Cheese was nice and melted.  The patty was unimpressive though.  Beef was super thin and then smashed even thinner for good measure.  Similar to how you can't taste the potato in shoestring fries, you can't taste the meat in the super thin smashed over cooked patty.Ice Cream looked good, but I didn't have a chance to try.Restaurant was clean and staff was friendly.It's a bit more expensive, but Five Guys is still the king of trendy burger joints.  They have real french fries and juicy patties.  Also, Red Robin is quite excellent (AYCE steak fries!) if you are okay with being non-trendy and can deal with the annoying kids running around.
4	Thank you fellow Yelpers for helping me expect the potential unexpected.As others state, this isn't your typical savory, juicy, meat loaded burger. This is a burger has a much thinner patty, is a bit crispy (on the outside), has great toppings, and in all honesty, is one of the better fast food burgers I've had. Decided to go with ol' #1 - because if a #1 can't be done right in a fast food restaurant then they can't do anything right. Burger included two patties, 2 slices of cheese, onion, pickle, and decided to have them substitute the mustard for Freddy's sauce. Excellent choice if I do say so myself. The burger was cooked perfect, crispy outside, not overcooked inside. The Freddy's sauce made the burger & fries spectacular. My order was to go, but I was happy to see that they had Freddy's seasoning salts right at the to go counter available to use prior to leaving the restaurant. Great service, got the food quickly, and I definitely plan on going back.The decor inside the restaurant is great, very 50's looking - and more importantly it's CLEAN. How often do you walk into a fast food chain restaurant and see tables that look like a flock of 4yo's dominated a smorgasbord? I can't wait to go back and try some of their custard. If they taste half as good as the pictures look I may be checking back in with a 5 star rating.
4	I been to this place at least three times now. I can only write a review on one item on the menu because every time I go there, I get the same thing. Why? It is because I am in love with that burger and I can't let it go. =)My favorite at this joint is the number #6 combo, double steakburger california style (you can request grilled onion and with or without cheese) with drink and fries. The steakburger is tasty and juicy. The fries are thin sliced and crispy, perfect way to eat it. The drink that I always get is the passion fruit iced tea, I like the flavor and taste of the passion fruit. The only negative about this iced tea is that it's warm, I had to put a lot of ice just to drink it and a little sugar to add a little sweetness to it.
4	Yeah Freddy's!  This is a nice place for a burger and with the kids!I have to say this is a nice place to try for Burgers and good place to come back to many times.  To me, it is a definite notch above the McDonalds, Burger Kings, Wendy's type of places and near quality of Inn and Out.1.  Ambiance - 5 star - Nice amount of room, people always cleaning and keeping it up.  Even the toilet is very clean and fresh.  I say one of the best when it comes to overall appearance and ambiance.2.  Service - 5 star - Everyone here, from the manager to the staff is top notch.  Helpful, friendly, open to giving suggestions and ideas.  I find them all to be very, very pleasant and makes coming here even better.  You know how some of these fast food places, they get what they pay for.  Here at Freddy's top class!3.  Food - 3.5 star - The food is pretty good overall.a.  Fries - 4 star - Best thin fries ever.  Great sauce near the cash register just for the fries and of course the huge ketchup dispenser with small paper cups to douse your fries in.  Very crispy, lightly fried taste, and you will want to grab a bunch. They give you a bunch.  Not like Five Guys, yet certainly plenty.b.  Steak Burger - 3 star.  Actually enjoyable, easy to palm in your hand and eat, compared to some of the ones at Inn and Out or Five Guys where it is so huge that you have to create a logistics plan on how to eat it.  The taste is nice, nothing spectacular in my book, however, tasty overall.c.  Hot Dogs - 3 star -  Actually I do like the lightly toasted bun they put it in, so that is a plus.  It is a hot dog and we did not get the chili dog or anything. However, I find that the hot dogs at Costco, in those amazing soft delicate buns are freakiin awesome and something like 1.50 with a drink, so compared to that, it is a good hot dog..... just not mind blowing.  d.  Variations - 4 star - they have plenty of variations, doubles and plenty of your basic condiments. Not over the top and confusing, so that makes it nice for your all around all american burger and dogs.e.  desserts - 4 star - Oh my, oh my.  you have to leave room for the desserts.  The Turgle, PBC & B, and Chocolate Brownie Delight are great whether as a Sundae or as a Concrete, which is custord mixed in like a shake with all the other ingredients.  Tasty for sure!I really like this place, professional, tasty , easy to get in, easy to park, easy seating, quality, and nice for family, teens, adults.  Nice!
2	I have eaten here twice and I wasn't impressed at all - the patties in the burgers are flat like at Smashburger which I love but here the patties don't seem to be seasoned and the burger was just - UMM - Boring. The fries are skinny - don't like that and the custard is watery - don't like that either. We had to return the chicken fingers cause it was fried too long so it was to hard to eat. The employees were all attentive and I was given a free meal comp. for the next time .The special sauce for the fries is good but nothing else really does it for me at all. I had a chocolate brownie sundae concrete which surprisingly wasn't very chocolatey at all and the other time I had a vanilla concrete with banana's and marshmallows - I didn't tast any marshmallows and the banana's were minimal.My daughter loves the free WIFI - but all in all I honestly have no desire to come back.
3	my review is more like a 3.5. My attempt to find the best burger in Las Vegas continues. I am still at heart, an in-n-out fan, with Five guys coming in at a close 2nd. Freddy's has only one location in the entire Las Vegas. It just happens to be down the street from my dentist. I got the #7. which is a double steakburger with bacon. unlike Five guys, in-n-out or even smashburger, their burgers are pressed, flattened sort to speak.  It was good, but i prefer my burgers thick and meaty.the flavors were right and overall it was a good burger. The service was fast, the place was really nice. It was busy, i dont know if it is because this was the only location in town, or because the area is just really busy. They serve shoe string fries, really thin, with very light seasoning. different, but good.. but nothing amazing. The highlight was probably  their custard. Again, not too sweet, and they had fry sauce. which was basically a thousand island with a little less zing, not bland, but mild. I would go again, but only if i am on that side of town,  I wouldn't drive that far, for a burger.
5	This place is going to give In and Out a run for their money. I am soooo addicted
4	It is difficult to give a fast-food burger joint five stars, so I hesitate, but my family would easily do so for Freddy's.. Freddy's was easily worth a second visit. On the first trip I had the double California and it was very good, my wife had a single steak-burger. The patty, although slightly thin,  has some nice char which we both really enjoyed. My son had a hot dog and he said it was better than Nathans. He gave it 5 stars.The bun is loaf style, buttered and toasted. The thin-cut fries were excellent, and we used the special sauce for dipping which was far better than the usual ketchup. The meal ended with a shared Turtle Sundae which was first-rate and very tasty.The second trip called for a Patty Melt, it was delicious. The onions were perfectly grilled and tasty, the bread toasted and buttered. A nice meat to bread ratio. I added some of the Freddy Sauce and it made the sandwich even better. The meal ended again with a Turtle sundae.The price is reasonable along with an ample menu selection to warrant future return visits. I would not say that Freddy;s is better than Two Guys, Smashburger, In-n-out, they are all on the burger radar, but Freddy's offers a great alternative and excellent custard creations for dessert.The dining room is large and has a welcome ambiance, the self-serve drink station, Freddy's Sauce & Ketchup dispenser are a welcome change to tearing open 10-15 small packets plus the amenities are well-done. The staff is helpful and friendly plus eager to answer any questions.The only reason to go to Micky D's is if you only have a dollar in your pocket.
3	Freddy's is definitely in the same league as In 'N Out and Five Guys.  This is a compliment as I love those places.  The bad news is that I'd rather have either of those, and they are both within a few blocks of Freddy's.  If you want frozen custard, then it's probably worth it (however I didn't try it - but I'm sure it's good based on the amount of people ordering it).  Personally, if I was really craving shoe-string fries, I'd go to Freddy's.  While it's not my favorite fast food burger, the steak burger is also very good and you will like it.
4	Went here for our weekly family Friday night dinner. It's another 50's style hamburger joint. It's a pretty original concept actually(sarcastic grin). I ordered the #6 California burger meal. It's a double cheeseburger with fries and a drink. The burger was very tasty and to me very similar to in n' out. My wife mentioned that this place reminded her of steak and shake. Same vibe and the food taste similar. There fries weren't bad and you get a huge amount per meal. Good size drinks but stay away from the brewed ice teas. I couldn't taste the tea, it was just water really. This will be another one of our go to places. They also have a drive thru which is a big plus. I almost forgot to mention that most of the staff is very friendly.
5	When I was in college, my roommates and I would play video games. A lot of video games. In between ditching classes and playing Halo: Combat Evolved on our super rad LAN parties in the dorm rooms, we would eat (because most humans require food to operate and we required food to operate our Xbox controllers.) The choices in the small town weren't plentiful, we had the choice of the student union, chick-fil-a, Wendy's or a little place called Freddy's Frozen Custard and Steakburgers. You see, chicken sandwiches and square patties got old after a thousand times, but something about Freddy's steak burgers and their thin patties hit the spot in a way the other chains couldn't. I'd like to say that many a study sessions were fueled by these delicious burgers, but I didn't study, studying is for nerds. Long story short, Freddy's on Eastern is everything I remember from college and is a welcome addition to the Vegas fast food scene.
5	Love Freddy's!  We have been there 3 times since it opened and love it.  The first time my kids ate their entire burger and my daughter ususally doesn't heat burgers at all.  On our 2nd visit they did give us the wrong order but quicky fixed it and checked on us 2 times after.
5	Best Shakes in Town, sorry Steak N Shake Freddy's has you beat!
3	First time at Freddy's, not sure if I'll return mainly because of price point.  Went through drive-thru, and you know what they say about drive-thru.  Oops.  They almost got it right - just the California burger was opposite of what we ordered (everything, no onion).  Darn!  They read the order back correctly too, so I had such high hopes.The patty melt was good, and I enjoyed the super skinny fries.  Ice tea seemed fresh as well.  Kids ordered a mini sundae and concrete.  My husband kept announcing the price with surprise each time we added another item - it really was quite funny.  In the end, after three hamburger meals, a chicken tender meal (regular), and two mini desserts we spent $43.  I guess that's a bit higher than most other fast food joints.  What surprised me was the price of the mini desserts ($3.50 each) - guess I don't get out much.All in all, not bad but not great.  Have to say I do like being able to get a patty melt in the drive-thru.  Ok, maybe I'll go back for another patty melt someday.
3	Vegas gets another new burger joint. I really was never going to go out of my way to eat at Freddy's, but because I happened to be on the side of town where it is located getting my nails done with my sister we decided to go here. I just so happened to see it when we were driving around.The inside reminds me of an Inn N Out with obnoxiously nice employees. I know, how can employees be so nice they are obnoxious? When while in the course of being there for about 30 minutes and we are asked how everything is about 4 times. Okay, I'm complaining for nothing... I concede to the fact. But I am assuming the niceties will only last for so long, until Freddy's is just the 2nd Steak & Shake in Vegas.Okay food - I ordered a cheeseburger with fries and a soda, the combo. My sister ordered a hot dog and a water. We shared the fries - it's a good thing we did. The fry portions are massive, which basically does not surprise me anymore. They are shoestring fries though, kind of refreshing... as far as french fries goes.My sister said her "Chicago" dog was tasty and good. My burger was good too. Now I've had the whole "Steakburger" thing. I don't know... is it better than other burgers? I just can't decide. I mean, it was good, but... uuuhhh, I just don't know. I'm just not really impressed.Would I go back? Isn't that what it comes down to? When I go get my nails done and on that day I feel like a burger, perhaps I'll stop by Freddy's. But to go out of my way to come here? Nah. PS - They have fry sauce. Obvi everyone knows this is ketchup and mayo, but yea, still... FRY SAUCE.
5	Great hamburgers and yummy fries...but that doesn't compare to the 5 Star service.  From the front counter to the bussers.  Always pleasant and service oriented.  I would go here just for the wait staff that cares!  Check it out!
1	O.M.G. Part 1: I came here when it first opened & was excited to try a new place to eat. Upon entering on one of their "Grand Opening" days I was pretty impressed with the atmosphere.  However, the service there was not impressive. ---I'm not impressed :T I came up to the register ordered a patty melt & a hot dog.  So, when i went to pay my order and made a comment on how there was a lot of workers/trainees; the girl that was helping me gave me a snide response back (whoa! ok lady calm down.)When we received our orders and tasted it: the patty melt was just plain and gross. A The hot dog was okay, but i'd rather go to costco & i would get a bigger hotdog for a cheaper price. The quality of the food and for the price we paid at Freddys, wasnt a place we wanted to go back to. However, we did go back since our friends told us to  go try their steakburger & not some patty melt. Part 2: I suppose the service was better this time around, but the food was sighs, ewww. We ordered the steakburger and the significant other said, "it tastes like a mcdonalds burger" LOL. oh geez, i guess he wasnt impressed, either.  The steakburger didn't taste like anything and all i can taste was the bun.  Sorry, Freddy's but you lost this time.
4	Burgers and custard are awesome, fries suck though
5	Old fashion steak and shake variety now close to my house? I'm in love:)om trying the custard next time!!
4	Third visit here. Every time they have gotten my order just right. Even in drive-through, the car after a $45 order (wow, big family!), they got my special order patty melt right. No grilled onions, on sourdough, and with fry sauce and bacon.Yes, that is my main attraction - FRY SAUCE! Love the stuff. I agree with the Yelpers that say it is like Steak N Shake, also with the Yelpers who say the burgers are a bit dry. Since I dunk every bite in the FRY SAUCE, I really don't care. Their onion rings have been outstanding. (Dipped in FRY SAUCE), perfectly golden brown and crunchy just the right size for soaking in...yeah, you got it, and beautifully crunchy. Personally I love the shoestring fries as well.....need I say what ladens each crunchy bite? Kudos on having more than one diet drink, though I wish it were Diet Mountain Dew rather than Diet Dr. Pepper. Haven't had any of the custards since my combo lasts me at least two meals. The combos were all a little strange, but I will try a cone or dish sometime.Overall, Freddy's is a welcome change from the prior Fazoli's and I will probably be back for, at least, the onion rings and......FRY SAUCE!
4	After eating here dozens of times, I used the restroom. I'm sorry to say the it was pretty bad. It was similar to many truck stop restrooms on the interstate. Come on Freddy's, great food, great service, and great prices. Don't give it all up for cleanliness.
4	Late evening Saturday and this place is packed.  We look over the menu, place our order and found an open booth.  There are several large groups with sporting uniforms, the place is a buzz with noisy chatter.They finally call our number and the burgers arrive.  The bun is fresh, butter roasted on the flat top, the burger moist and has great flavor, they call them steak burgers and they are cooked when ordered.   The skinny french fries are golden brown and crispy.  Overall, a good burger meal.  Once finished, we decided on the custard.  I got a chocolate brownie delight.  The brownie was a bit hard and at the bottom of the cup.  The custard, whip cream and nuts on top made it difficult to get a bite of brownie, but I managed.
5	In my opinion, I think they are better than Five Guys. I got the double bacon cheese burger & it was hot and delish! The staff were all very friendly & took our trays when we were done eating. We decided to get a frozen custard to take home and the girl at the register suggested the pumpkin custard. She said they take a whole slice of pumpkin pie and blend it with the frozen vanilla custard. So glad she suggested it because it was amazing! We will definitely be back again!
3	I have driven by this place a few times.  I noticed the sign said steak burgers.  I have never heard of this burger and custard place.  I went on an adventure with my friend Google to do some research.  This is a Kansas based franchise chain.  It was a Sunday night and we decided to assemble the family and try this place out.  It was pretty packed but we didn't wait in line very long.  They have hamburgers and hot dogs.  I ordered the original double and my wife got a hot dog with the chili cheese fries.  We got my daughter a grilled cheese.  The order came out pretty quick.  The service was great.  the dining room was pretty clean for this place being so packed all the time.  I was bummed out that it was a Pepsi establishment, but that just my individual complaint.  They do have Dr. Pepper though.  Overall the burgers were good.  It didn't blow me away.  I think there are better burger places out there in the same price range.  This is definitely worth checking out for lunch.  The fries did disappoint by themselves.  I ended up eating some of my wife's chili cheese fries.  If you get the fries don't get them without toppings.  Cheers!
3	I believe that if the Pilgrims and the Indians had tried the Pumpkin Pie Concrete from Freddy's there would have been less scalping and more smiling. Yes, I did it. I ate it and loved every sinful bite of it. I did it for America and for Thanksgiving really. Now on that special day in November instead of sitting around a table with my family pretending to LOVE that kind of food I get to be home, alone grubbing on Thai takeout which I enjoy so much more. I might even eat it in my bed, and not shower and drink my Thanksgiving away. This will lead to several explicit drunk texts I will knowingly regret the next day, but my friends will be entertained. Yup, that's how I will give thanks. Back to the hotel...I mean the concrete. Charlie Brown would even agree it's the Great Pumpkin.  If you dig pumpkin pie at all they shove the whole shabang in there including the soft crust, pumpkin filling, nutmeg, whipped cream and crop dust it all with cinnamon. You don't have to wait until November to give thanks. Do it for your country and sweet tooth today and grub on this goodness!Warning: You will look bloated after so don't eat one if you plan on wearing a slutbag Halloween costume right after.
4	Found this place by accident while, trying to find the trailer to vote.  We were going to just stop in and check out the menu.  OMG, the smell just captures your attention.  Before we even got in we decided we were going to eat!   It was really good!  The fries are thin, and the burgers are good!  They also sell shakes, and custard Ice cream or what ever custard is.   We will be back thats for sure, it was awsome, and the price isn't bad either.
2	I ordered the Double Steak Burger California Style without the buns because I'm on a low carb diet.  It was good to know that they can accommodate you on that front.  So  my burger was kind like the protein burger from In and Out.  The only problem was, the patties were under seasoned.  I think this may have been the first time ever I had to salt my burger.  The patties were smashed so they're flat kinda like smash burgers' patties.  I was a bit disappointed about how, the only difference between my burger and whatever it is my husband ordered was that, mine had tomatoes.  I wish they could have made it more exciting like perhaps adding avocados to go with the title, "California Style".I have yet to try the frozen custard.  I hope its worth coming back for.
4	Great burgers, great fries, great shakes. I ate here three times in on week. Yummy!
4	Loved the Kansas-style burgers, very unique and tasty. It's hard to describe them, I would say the best way is if you took a steak, chopped it up very fine with a knife, and somehow were able to put it back all together. It's not the greatest description so you will have to go there and find out for yourself. The meat itself could have used a tad more seasoning. Shoestring fries were perfectly cooked. Thin and crispy, again, just a little bit more seasoning. All the employees were very friendly and even the manager came out to see if everything was OK, I liked that. Those milkshakes looked amazing, gonna have to try some next time.
5	Before I could write this review, I had to put on my pajamas with the elastic waist.I affectionately refer to these as my "fat pants" ,and break them out for special occasions. Truth be told, I overate tonight. I wanted to stop midway through my meal, but it was too damned good.I love all kinds of burgers! Sliders, turkey burgers, green chile burgers, and of course steak burgers. Freddy's has perfected the steak burger-sorry Steak n' Shake. I chose the Double Steakburger (California Style), which consisted of 2 patties,cheese, lettuce, tomato, and a thousand island sauce on a soft delicious bun ($7.29 for the combo). Wow! The burger was so juicy and tasty on it's own, I didn't even need anything else to go with it. However, the burger came with a pile of shoestring french fries that were seasoned to perfection and cooked perfectly.I never eat all of my fries as I usually save my room for the burger and soft drink. Until now! I put those things down and took it as personal challenge to finish every last one. Then, my wife had to mention dessert. Hah? No way! Oh, OK! Did someone say PBC & B sundae? Vanilla custard , Reese's Peanut Butter Cup, banana, whipped cream & cherry-sounds good right? My wife and I split the mini sundae ($3.59), and it was plenty. But then again, I was full long before the sundae arrived.
4	My fiance and I found Freddy's after stopping at Serene & Eastern, looking over at In-N-Out and thinking oh no, not again. We wanted something different so we started aimlessly driving down Eastern and we looked over and saw Freddy's. A couple of sharp turns into the parking lot, a check of the Yelp app, then a look at the menu and we're like let's try it. We mentioned it was our first time there and the service was helpful without being overly so. We ended up ordering a regular steakburger and a California steakburger, onion rings and the shoestring fries, along with a regular drink for me and a strawberry shake. We loved it all. There wasn't a bad item in the bag. And their food is the closest I've found to my favorite super old school hamburger place back in Kansas City. Sometimes you just want a good hamburger...and great fries or onion rings. Freddy's hit the spot for us, and we will be back.
3	My Freddy's experiences are like high school dating. The first time out was awesome. It was like she could do no wrong and everything was good. But the second date, or in this case a visit is the one where you quickly learn she's not a keeper and she's got some real annoyances that makes you glad when she gets out of the car and you can drive away. I like Freddy's...the hamburgers are flavorful and the service is fast, but things are not quite as they should be. The California steakburgers sound good but beyond the steakburger itself it's just lacking flavor. Perhaps changing the toppings might help. And the onion rings this time were hard to chew, and in one case didn't seem to be quite fully cooked as if the staff was rushing the orders. But as I write this I have to call out their concrete as a failure. When I think of a concrete for dessert my mind instantly compares it with one of America's standardbearers, Ted Drewes frozen custard off Historic Route 66 in St. Louis, Missouri. They offer a simple test for a concrete. Turn the cup upside down. If it stays put it's legit. If it starts to run and drip it's a pretender. My Freddy's cup maybe got to 120 degrees of rotation before failing miserably. And while the Hawaiian was supposed to have pineapple and macadamia nuts and other goodies in it, this concrete was boring. So much so that I dumped it in the trash. Will I go back? Yeah, but In-N-Out will likely see my car in their drivethrough ordering Animal style before Freddy's does. 3 Stars. Sorry but it's the best I can give.
5	Great Burgers and delicious Custard!!! Best fast food burger in Vegas much better than In and Out... Don't forget extra freddy's Sauce
3	I just happened to be in the area and decided to try Freddy's for lunch. I had high hopes for this place, I really did. The aroma in the parking lot was enticing. The restaurant itself is clean and neat. I ordered the patty melt and my daughter had the kid's burger. I thought the burgers themselves were great. The fries looked delicious,. I was sorely disappointed. The sheer amount of salt used on these fries rendered them inedible. My little girl is a french fry fanatic and barely touched hers. They were almost painful to eat. I was approached by a server and asked if I would like to try the fry salt. Um, no. I feel like I'm already dipping chunks of a salt lick in ketchup. The concretes and other goodies looked yummy, maybe next time we'll just go for treats and not lunch. The staff seemed very friendly and the service was good.
3	Its a cool old school spot great for kids and family
4	First off we were 5 guys fans. Good food but overpriced. Freddys is fantastic. The burgers are very flavorful. Also they do have shoestring fries which are good but wish they were a tad bigger. You get a pile of fries an they are great but they are small. The Fry Sauce is fantastic. It even tastes great on the burgers.  The customer service is great. They come around to all the tables an check on you, take your trash and make sure you dont need anything.  My wifes had the Patty melt and Ive had several different burgers and all have been very good.  Now on to the Dessert. I have had several of the sundaes. All were very good. I am not a huge fan of the concrete as all the flavors are mixed together an find it hard to have the satisfaction of tasting different flavors separate. But it is very tasty nonetheless.  This is a great place to eat.  The food is always hot an very good. The custard is fresh and tasty. Customer service is great. I would definitely tell you to stop by and try some food. Its Good!  The prices are normal for this type of fast food. Comparable to In n Out but less than 5 guys.
5	Last Saturday, my husband and I were hungry and we aware on our way to Montesano's for pizza when I saw Freddy's in the old, failed Faziolis space at Silverado Ranch. Let me start out by saying that I DO NOT LIKE SNS AT ALL. So I would never compare Freddy's to them. Would you compare a watermelon to a grape?   No. In short we LOVED Freddy's! Service? Fantastic. Speed of service? Lightening. Food? OUT-EFFING-STANDING! I like Five Guys and In-n-Out, actually, I love In-n-Out. But here is what Freddy's does that Five Guys doesn't have or In-n-Out doesn't do...charge extra for a shake instead of a soda. A beverage is a beverage, end of story.  For those who gave Freddy's a less than exuberant review, I implore you to try them again! This doula will be feeding on Freddy's frequently! YUMMO,
1	Ended up going here because it replaced Fazoli's. I ordered the double California burger. Pretty much the nastiest, greasiest burger I've ever had. The bottom bun was so soaked with grease, I had to take it off and eat it upside-down. I ended up throwing out three-quarters of it and still feel like I might vomit. The shoestring fries were alright but I was so disgusted by the burger, I could not finish them. My husband said that his double cheeseburger was also pretty gross. All in all, I can say that we were both very disappointed and definitely will not eat here again.
4	Good day friends! CFC here with YET ANOTHER restaurant review!You all know by now that I'm a Chicago transplant, so when I saw a sign advertising "Chicago style Hotdogs" while driving down Eastern in search of feed... I immediately thought, "Oh no. This is dangerous. If they screw this up I'm going to have go on Yelp and TEAR em' apart! Don't me do this!" and I'll do it... I've done it!  But, thankfully, this didn't have to happen.  :-)I'll say flat out that the hotdog wasn't "Gene & Judes good", but it was definitely good. As soon as I took the first bite, a memory swept across my mind... leaving Hot Doug's on California, hooking a right on Addison, I was heading home again! The right toppings, which of course includes pretty much everything but ketchup (don't you dare), a nice buttered up bun and most importantly... the right kind of dog. You have to hear the "break"... and you do! Real Chicago Hotdog lovers know exactly what I mean by "hearing the break".The fries were just alright. I tend to like a thicker french fry so I'm not going to dock them for that as it's a matter of personal preference. I will definitely be back for the dogs and I will be trying the steakburger and frozen custard next time. Regards,CFC
3	Not bad but reminds me of in and out. Burger is since it is thinly sliced and crispy. And fries are a hit since if is thin. That is if u like them that way. My kids just love them and fries alone will let me eat in peace and enjoy the burger. I can't really say anything too bad about it since its downright homely with the fried stuff. Not spectacular but certainly not bad if u want a quick fast food type food comparable to in and out.
4	I love this place. My girl and I went on a Saturday night and to our surprise the drive thru was empty. I ordered a classic Freddy's double steakburger combo w/fries and a drink, and a pbc frozen custard. My preggo lady had a bowl of chili, a chocolate shake and a large fries( sounds like a pregnant cocktail to me). Came out to $19.30, kinda pricey but it was worth it. Their burgers are juicy and all the toppings including the classic burger bun were fresh to def. they gave us a lot of fries and we both ordered regular size. The fries were probably the best fast food fries I EVER had. Yeah I said the best I EVER had. The frozen custard was great as well, I'm not a big fan of FC but they made it amazing. The PBC had bits of choc. Chips and peanut butter and real banana in it. My girl couldn't eat the chili, it was to much for her, but she said it was great and I agree with what I tasted. Real homemade chili not any processed meat or sauce. I'll be back to Freddy's to try the Cali burger. Also ask for fry sauce, there's is amazing, homemade! And the service was fast and friendly. If You have a love for steakburgers, you will come here. Great place and personally I think in n out has some competition.
2	Their exterior made me want to go in. The red and yellow made me salivate. The guy at the counter looked tired. I ordered a california burger. The beef was very flat. The lettuce was 14 times thicker than the beef. The french fries were shoestring-like which is a good thing but overly salted which is not..I went home with a mild tummy ache.Not sure I'd go back.
5	I am so glad they opened a Freddy's here in town. My mom lives in San Antonio and she raves about how she loves Freddy's patty melt. Unfortunately the last time I visited her, we had so many other places to try and never got to Freddy's. I mean, when faced with the choice of a puffy taco in TX or a burger in TX, the taco will win every time. So I brought my family here a few months ago and we all enjoyed our food immensely. As my poetic husband wrote in his review (Ray L.), it was "fat pants" worthy. The meat in the burger is not like the other places around here. It just screams "Hey! someone made me on a real flat top grill and I'm hella good!". With the yumminess of the burger, the deliciousness of the fries, what else can a girl ask for? Dessert...Oh Yeah!I get the PBC&B every time. I want to try the brownie sundae but can't get myself to switch. My fam and I always leave this place feeling overstuffed and super satisfied. The staff is friendly, the food is fresh, and prices a right.I would recommend this place to anyone wanting to take a big bite of heaven disguised as a burger.
4	I don't go here too often -- usually for lunch with a friend that works in the area -- but when I do go it's always a pleasant experience.  Both times I got the fries and I ADORE them.Customer service is great!  Everyone is friendly, and they'll even clean your table for you.  I know some fast food places are picking up on that and it's a cool feature.This place reminds me a lot of Steak 'n' Shake, but seeing as I lived in Texas for several years I do like SnS better.  However, Freddy's is certainly nothing to shake a stick at.  Easier location to get to and plenty of seating for all!  Their prices are higher than SnS but they also have a drive-thru (huge plus).Taste-wise, I enjoy it.  I've had the fries, fries sauce, and burgers.  Those three are pretty darn tasty.  I definitely could NOT eat here every day because the meals are heavy (I ate around 2:30 pm and now 6 and some change hours later I still feel it in my tummy), but it's great to relax and get a bite with a friend.Want to try their chili cheese fries... Perhaps next time.  Mmm I love chili cheese fries.
3	If you love mustard, you'll love this place.
4	Very good double steak burger and I must say the fries were really good, food was still hot when I got home!
5	yum! such good food and custard! i definitely recommend this to anyone who loves a good burger and fries!
4	awesome place for burgers and shake! Had the patty melt and a shake and everything hit the spot.  Good alternative to steak and shake if you don't feel like walking through a casino or waiting in line.
4	I love the fries and seasoning. Burgers were great! The Chicago dog was tasty, but not a true Chicago dog. The bun is a slice of bread.... lol
5	If you like steak burgers and actually know what that is Don't hesitate.   Freddy's is a better version of Steak & Shake The Chili Fries are on point and the Burger is everything A Steak Burger is suppose to be But the Star of the show is The Turtle Shake Even if you just order Shake its worth the trip Customer Service is awesome Good alternative to In & OutK.I.S.S.
5	This is one of our quick weekend spots when we're craving junk food. The shoestring fries are perfectly crisp and they have a great veggie burger for non-meat eaters. We've never tried the custard so I can't attest to that aspect of the restaurant, but their special sauce and seasoning salt keeps us coming back. The prices are great too!
1	Look elsewhere for frozen custard. The vanilla tasted like McDonalds & the chocolate tasted like Wendy's frosty. Horrible!!
4	Delicious hamburgers, hot dogs, and fries!   A bit pricy, but once in a while it is worth it!!!!
3	This place is nothing extraordinary that would make me rush back. The guy at the counter asked if it was our first time at the restaurant, to which we replied that it was. He was upbeat and very friendly while he explained the concept and different menu offerings. I opted for the California burger with cheese fries. The burger was very bland. The cheese on the fries was the cheap melted cheddar cheese that reminded me of old high school cafeteria lunch cheese. I wouldn't opt for this place again. The price was higher than average burger joint like In N Out. The stars are mainly for the friendly employee and clean/spacious restaurant.
4	Order two of the single combos.  The steak burgers come with mustard, pickle and onion on a plain toasted bun.  The burgers are smashed flat like we would do at home, a little crispy at the edges, moist but not greasy, made to order and piping hot.  The shoestring fries are worth a trip back.  Hot, crispy and I could eat a basket of these alone.  Our order came to just over eleven dollars for the combos and that includes medium refillable drinks.Had to try the custard, so ordered the turtle sundae.  The small cup looked a little well, small, at the counter but is very adequate.  The turtle comes with caramel, pecans, hot fudge and the richest creamiest custard I've had.  Definitely worth a trip back.  The burgers are good, not great but good.  The custard is outstanding.  Four stars.
5	Once again, one of the best burger places in town. It's review is focused on the new fish sandwich and fish and chips. Fish sandwiches are all the rave right now infant food restaurants. McDonalds started with the fish sandwich many years ago and others have followed suit. Without commenting on any other fish sandwiches, Freddy's fish sandwich is among the top of the list. Crispy, hot and full of flavor, this sandwich is two pieces of fish in a fried batter, served on a toasted white bun with a slice of cheese and a "Freddy's" sauce (tasted like 1000 island). On this day, I chose the sandwich and the fish and chips. I hope these two items become part of the regular menu. Both are worth the money and a great addition to the already amazing menu.If I were to give one piece of criticism, it would be the pricing for the hot dogs. The dogs are pretty spendy. Although they a delicious, there is just no value for the hot dogs.If you're going to eat at a fast food restaurant, skip the chain places and go to Freddy's. Simple food done well, good pricing, and some of the friendliest employees in Las Vegas. Keep up the good work Freddy's.
3	Im glad I didnt have high expectations based on the 4 star average rating. I ordered the Double California Steak Burger Combo. It came with shoestring fries and a drink. The burger itself was not as big as I thought since there were two patties. It's about the same size as an In n Out Double Double, only In n Out's has a little more veggies. The patties themselves were a bit salty and just a tad overcooked. The fries were your average shoe string. The Freddy's sauce and special seasoning is what probably allowed me to finish the fries.What is making me give them 3 stars instead of 2 is the dessert they are known for! Frozen Custard! From their menu you can have it either as a Sundae or Concrete (milkshake form). I ordered the PBC n B Sundae. Comes in mini, medium, or large. Im glad I got the mini cuz I could not finish it! The PBC n B consists of a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup, Sliced Bananas, Frozen Vanilla Custard, Whipped Cream, and a single Cherry on top. (refer to my pic!) They have other tantalizing flavors as well which is probably the only saving grace in coming back here.Service is friendly as evidenced by the smiles and attention I received at the counter. Prices average about 7 to 8 bucks if you want a decent meal to fill you up. The overall size of the place is very spacious with enough tables and booths. The bathrooms are a nice size and is actually pretty clean.Overall, its an ok burger place. For you peeps with a sweet tooth, the desserts will always hit the spot here. If anything, make this place as your go to dessert place after having dinner somewhere else.
4	Freddy's burgers and fries hit the spot.  Always.  The concept and food is very similar to Steak n Shake - but I think the burgers might be better here!  In a twist of burger irony, we tried to eat at In-N-Out burger on Easter Sunday night  around 6pm, but they were closed. So we headed for Freddy's because burgers and fries were calling our name.  The California burger has a sauce similar to thousand island dressing - which is my favorite burger.  The fries are shoestring style.  If you don't want too many fries, then share a plate.  Each burger comes with a gazillion fries - you can easily save money by sharing one order. The kids meals also come with a gazillion fries, so skip the kids meal and just order a  solo burger and share your fries with the kiddos!  For my 3-year old and myself, we walked out feeling very full for a mere $12.  Freddy's is a very family friendly place.  The staff is always super nice!
5	My new favorite burger joint. TOPS IN N OUT!!!!!!! The steak burgers are delicious! and the fries with the Freddy's sauce is divine. I wish California had a Freddy's!! You have to try their frozen custard if you ever come in! Dang it now I'm getting hungry..
1	I, as well, am glad I didn't have high expectations.  There is hardly anything to the hamburger, which were very flat and charred on the edges.  The onion rings where slightly better but not the best onion rings that I have every had.  How about some more meat to those burgers.
4	I thought I already wrote a review for Freddy's and thought it just got filtered but nope.  Even thought I had a picture and a tip but nope.  Was I imagining my whole Freddy's experience?  Anyways I am a fan of their good.  It seems like more of these amazing burger spots are coming here. Their burgers were mighty tasty.  You can order singles, doubles, and triples.  As originals (pickles, onion, cheese and mustard), in California style (onion, tomato, lettuce, cheese, and thousand island sauce), or however which way you wanted it.  Just expect it to be a little messy when you eat it.  I've had the Double Steakburger California style and the Original Double Patty Melt both very very delicious.  Not a fan of shoestring fries but they were well made.  It should be more of a topping added to the burger and piled with fry sauce that's at least how I do it.It gets incredibly packed during lunch, good luck finding a seat.  A bunch of us from work came here and we ended up seating at random table that freed up.  We probably sat at 4 different tables scattered throughout the dining area.  There are a lot of seats but it just gets busy.  They do have a drive thru. I don't like their booths they are long and can fit a bunch of people but everyone has to get out for if the person closest to the wall needs to get out.  Because it gets busy during lunch, this one time they must have mopped but didn't place those caution signs and I slipped but didn't fall.  I was holding the food tray and my food was sliding freely on my tray.  Try balancing your food on a tray while not falling on but sliding all over the place on a slippery surface.  Would've been one hell of a mess.I still have to go back for their custards and milkshakes but it is getting warmer so maybe tomorrow.
5	I love this place!  I tried it for the first time yesterday because my husband wanted something quick but different.  It's bright, roomy, and there's plenty of seating inside, and there's a drive through if you want to grab and run.  The service was fast and friendly.  The employees wouldn't even let us throw away our own trash! lol  The burgers were fresh and delicious.  I may like this place better than five guys for quick burgers!  The fries are shoestring and very tasty.  Especially with some of their seasoning.  The custard is smooth, creamy, and delicious.  And the prices are so reasonable.  I think of getting a frozen treat at a place like cold stone and, although it's like comparing apples and oranges, I enjoy custard SO much more and it's usually so much cheaper!  We'll definitely return and so glad we finally tried.
4	Great tasting steakburgers and delicious frozen custard...My fav is Hawaian Delight Sundae or Concrete (blended)
4	went to freddy's in victorville,  ca i had the classic double cheese combo the shoestring style fries are great the buger was not pink cooked perfect and the custsrd sunday was wonderfull im a fan will try the vegas store when i get home 4 stars.
4	Average Burgers and Fries, The Custard is Delicious and I always have to get the Passion Fruit Tea my favorite.
4	This place left me with a really good first impression. The burgers are the bomb! The patties are juicy with a well-seasoned flavor and have this nice crisp around the edges. The interior is clean with large booths and ample seating. Much nicer ambience than your run-of-the-mill fastfood joint. The custard was good but not the best I've had. Nevertheless, it's a nice finish to the meal.
5	I had only tried this place once before on the way back home from California and boy was i pleased. Great burgers and a change of pace from the regular burger franchise. Delicious burgers, awesome chili fries and mouthwatering custard. Love the simplicity if the food, less is definitely more here! Drove all the way from the east side of town to get it.
3	First time we have had Freddy's!Not sure what the hype is all about truthfully...the burger was good, but I think I prefer In N Out myself!What WAS good though....the Vienna all beef hot dog on a butter toasted bun + fries! Sitting on a delicious Raising-Canes-like butter toast...The bread was so good and the hotdog full of flavor, that I didn't even put condiments on it! It's good enough completely plain jane!  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/freddys-frozen-custard-and-steakburgers-las-vegas?select=bC8jpNtxPAf_pUtBXxEQxwWe didn't get to try the custard, since I wanted to go to Nielsen's right down the street! Glad I did...it was excellent!Good food here, just don't drive 45min like I did and expect anything better than InO :(
5	Myself and my family love this place. Good food, great service! Clean! I love the burgers (YES more then InNOut) The hotdogs are great too. I love the fries with cheese sauce YUM. The custard is smooth and creamy!  5 Stars from us.
5	Wow! This was my first time here! I had the signature turtle custard and it was soooo good!!!
5	My easiest description... Dairy Queen meets In&Out Burger.However, Freddy's has earned their own category.The frozen custard alone is worth the trip! There is nothing that comes close to the richness and creamy texture of their frozen treats.The shakes come with with a straw big enough to launch a cashew through (when you are done drinking).PLUS, they have hot dogs and Philly steak sandwiches too. If you order a burger, make sure to get a double or triple. The single patty burgers are great for the little ones.Did I mention that the frozen custard alone is worth the trip???If you have a soft serve ice cream fetish, this is your place!Caution! This place IS addictive.
4	has become one of our favorites. always always always good service. never had a disappointing meal. burgers good, generous fries. mango tea is good. gotta have some freddy sauce (like thousand island, good on fries and i am sure it is healthy.) dont forget to try a custard, hawaiian, turtle and brownie are tasty. i prefer the sundae as opposed to the concrete except around thanksgiving they do a pumpkin pie concrete which is very nice.
4	Cracker jack concrete is really good. Went through the drive thru so by the time I got home in this heat it was half melted. No problem I used a straw and spoon. I also have to say every time we have come here the food has been great from the fish, chicken and burgers to the custard. Love the fries and that fry sauce they give you OMG! the best to me its better than ranch :) The employees have always been nice and helpful and they even gave us extra straws to take home to our cat who LOVES to play with them!!!They are open 7 days a week from 10:30 am to 10 or 11 pm.Give it a try I think you will be happy.
3	It's like eating in the 70's. . . Has awesome Custard, and it's original. I am not  a fan of the burger * the patty is not my style * but it's still tasty. . . The hot dog was a  normal hot dog, but it's like something I would cook at home, so it's got that comfort food feel to it. I enjoyed the home feeling from the employees, it's a joint that serves up some fast food. I don't often eat at these types of places, but it was for a good reason, and im glad I did.
5	I'm not going to lie, I go here for the desserts. My favorite are the Oreo concrete and the chocolate shakes made the right way (vanilla custard and chocolate syrup). Amazing way to cool off on a warm Vegas day.
5	If you don't like the burgers or fries here you better just stick with your favorite, Burger King right? By far the best. Even a tad better than In n Out.
4	Ordered the #7.  Bacon and cheese double steak burger, fries, and drink. Folks, I am in a burger quandary here.  I may have to move up Freddy's over my beloved Fatburger because it was that good.  The fries are insanely good.  Why?  Super thin cut shoestring fries that are nice and crisp.  They are not shy on portions either.Fast service in a packed location.  Nice job Freddy!
4	Good burger, clean restaurant and fast excellent service. Heavy appetites should order extra meat. The fries are crispy, tasty, but once again I do not like those shoestring/angel hair french fries. We ordered our food and sat down, but within a few minutes a tidal wave of diners came in and the line was huge, but to the credit of the crew the line vanished within a few minutes, they got their routine down! When we were done someone even came by and took our tray for us! The prices are very reasonable too, just over $10 for both of us (we shared our fries). We'll try the ice cream and shakes next time. Good place good place!
3	The food was good so was the service everyone very friendly but I didnt think there was a wow factor. Its way better than a burger king or a Mcdonalds. 1. I tried one of there New mexico hatch chilli burger that was good and spicey (seasonal burger)2. tried there regular burger they only put mustard on it, wish they put ketchup but you can do that yourself. 3. the fries are shoe string but thinner, didnt care for then that much.4. The frozen custard was good, didnt notice any difference from nielsons down the street.Overall good but not great tasting, I will go again and try the California style burger next time.
5	Never heard of it and friends took me there.  Liked the joint. had a 50's feel.  The hatch chili burger was fantastic but didn't care for shoestring fries.  Friendly people and was clean.  Will go back but there's only one in the valley.
5	Other reviewers are spot on in their description of Freddy's. Great burgers. Really good fries and chilli fries, hotdogs, and chicken.. And the frozen custard is awesome. Combine that with super-friendly staff and you've got a recipe for successes. They are head and shoulders above In n Out and 5 Guys. I don't know of another burger place in town better than Freddy's. We stop by this place nearly every time we're in the Silverado Ranch area and will continue to do so. If you're anywhere near Freddy's, you have to stop in and try it.
3	3.5 stars.Freddy's Frozen Custard & Steakburgers is apparently known for their burgers and custard, but I haven't tried either! The first visit I only ordered fries because I'm not into burgers and wasn't too hungry. I also hit up the drive-thru on my first visit so I still wasn't sure what Freddy' s was all about and since hubby was in the mood for a burger I suggested we go back and try this place again. Since Freddy' s promotes Chicago dogs outside their building and the fact that they use vienna all beef hot dogs, I figured they were based out of Chicago. Nope! Freddy' s started in Wichita, KS. The burgers are fresh, never frozen and grilled to order. Custard is churned fresh daily at each location. I will try the custard on the next visit!This visit though, I ordered a "Chili Cheese Dog" priced at $3.89 and "Chili Cheese Fries" priced at $3.59. The hot dog, all beef, was topped with chili, cheese and onions. I enjoyed it! The chili cheese fries were much bigger then I expected. The fries are shoestring and covered in chili, cheese and onions. I liked that nacho cheese sauce was used and I love shoestring fries, but the fries were soggy from not being hearty enough to hold all of the toppings. I'm a fan of onions rings so I ordered some priced at $2.29 and found them to be pretty good. The onion rings weren't as thick as I would like, but they were big round-wise and cooked just right. Hubby ordered a double "Hatch Green Chili Burger" priced at $5.49 and he enjoyed it. The inside was clean and the employees friendly.
3	I have returned several times after my initial visit and I have to say, I haven't enjoyed really any of the food I've tried so far. Chicken sandwich was bland, veggie burger was bland, burger was bland, fries were bland, hot dog was bland. I see a common thread amongst the food. The only thing I really like and actually return for are the concretes and one in particular. I enjoy the Hawaiian Delight.  They have a drive thru so if I'm coming here, that's why.I'll skip the food from now on.
4	This was a different experience. I can't say I have ever had a burger like the one I had here. I can't say I ever saw one that looked like it either. The burger didn't look appetizing when I first opened it. The burger just looks different. I went with the hatch green chili burger. It had grilled hatch chilies, grilled onions, mustard and cheese. The burger tasted pretty good. The grilled chilies and onions tasted nice together. My wife had a chili cheese dog and we split an order of chili cheese fries. I took a bite of the chili dog and liked it. The chili cheese fries were just okay, it was more like chili and cheese soup with a few fries floating in it. The dude that took my order was nice and the place appeared clean. They have bathrooms but I didn't visit them.There is a drive thru.
5	This is NO regular fast food burger joint!  Their staff has great character and are quick to take care overall, their humble service was awesome!  Their whole environment was pretty nice! clean bathrooms (yay!) and a well kept up parking lot! I was surprised to see a drive-thru! then again... this is Vegas! how awesome is that!  but I'm not lazy, I like to take my time when I can and enjoy what I paid for! lol!!!As far as the food went:  YUM-O!  I love the lil fries and to top it off that crazy sauce!!! lol  the fries had MY right amount of salt! (I'm downing lots of water tonight! lol)  so, if you don't like too much salt, hey! mention it!!  you'll get fresh fries I bet!the steak burger single was what I ordered. it was just right for me, but now I know when I come back hungry: double it plz!!  I got all but the onions... usually I don't do the pickles... but I figured, why not!  and boy did that make a yummy difference! it was snappy!  I like the clean counter access of big humongous over size foster family size ketchup to top my burger any which way possible!!! :-)  lol!!  I like the variety a lot! Since I am cutting back on my splurging, I didn't try the custard... but! that means another reason to go back!  momma always said, ice cream never goes bad in the winter, I'm assuming that goes for Custard!   so, when winter comes, I will be swinging by!  hopefully, they'll be playing some 50's rock n roll to change the mood!  thumbs up!
4	Well run restaurant. I didn't know how good a steak burger was until I stopped by here for lunch. A must try! Very clean and friendly.
2	I expected more. The burgers were dry, salty and didn't have anything special about them. Their supposedly "addictive" fry sauce is an over hyped 1000 Island dressing, that should be slathered on all their burgers if it's that special. The shoestring fries were good and generous portion. The restaurant itself had a Diner type feel. Looking at the diners will tell you that if you've seen the inside of a gym lately, you shouldn't be eating at Freddy's. Last night was about rebelling a little,  but given the quality and taste of the food,  I could have made a more satisfying choice of places to indulge.Their service was very friendly, leading me to think they hired a good group and/or Freddy's treats their employees right.
5	They need to change the name to Freddy's Frozen Custard, Steakburgers, and Chili Cheese Fries! LOL - seriously the Chili Cheese Fries were the bomb! My son and I went with the double w/ bacon combo (upgraded the fries) and it came with a refillable beverage for about $8 each. Great portion size, quality, and service for a great price! It gets better, they also have a drive thru! My kinda place!
5	Awesome burger, fries, and service!!!  Burger was perfectly cooked with just the right amount of juiciness.  $7 for a combo meal with double burger.
3	The burgers are decent, and the concrete's are great. I like that if you order a concrete or sundae they will hold it back till you are ready for it so it won't melt. Another thing about the concrete's are that they are huge. The few times we've been there I've needed to share the smallest size because it is too much custard.The unfortunate side to Freddy's in my opinion is that their chili tastes canned (I know it's from a can, but not everywhere tastes like straight up Hormel chili from a can, which is nasty), the fries suck and are flavorless, unless greasy is the flavor you are going for, and if you order the chili cheese fries they come standard with a gross cheese sauce and in order to get real cheese you have to psychically know that real cheese is an option that you can ask for. Honestly this place is ok, not great, but definitely better than the other steak burger and shake place near it.
5	First time I came here I had a cheeseburger. Very good but will order a double next time, patty was very thin. Next time I had a hot dog. O....M...G!! Fantastic! They serve it on texas toast which adds to the flavor of the hot dog. Next visit I ordered a chili cheese dog no onions. WHOA!!! I didn't think the hot dog could taste any better but it did!!! I like the shoestring fries. I tried chili cheese fries but they not only use shredded cheese but also the cheese sauce, I could do without the sauce. Overall I love Freddy's!!! YUMMY!!!
3	My wife and I heard a lot about Freddy's and decided to give it a try. On our arrival the dinning room was busy adding to my anticipation.I ordered the #1 which is Freddy's original double burger with cheese. When it arrived I was disappointed with the portion.  Where's the beef! Although the burger was flavorful the patties were similarly sized as cold cuts. There was way more bun than burger.Freddy's is a good choice and I would return if I was on the area. However, with that said I would not drive out of my way as I was disappointed.
5	I was in the area getting my fill of Freed's Bakery when we decided to stop in and try out this place.Honestly I was blown away by the service we received upon entering we were greeted by various people. Once getting up to the register we were helped by a guy named Aaron. He provided service with a smile and answered all our questions about the menu, not only did he have tons of patience but he also made sure we got the best deal possible. After we were all rung up he realized we had never tried their custard and brought us some samples of the different flavors. They were all DELICIOUS . My Mother and Daughter loved the vanilla custard and my son and I were big fans of the chocolate. For our meals my Mom got a Patty Melt which I took a bite of and was pleasantly surprised at how delicious their burger patties were. I got myself a Chicago dog to try. It was so good not only was the flavor combo awesome the hot dog bun was cooked to perfection. Both my kids also enjoyed their kids meals which came with tons of fries. I would of gone back to this place just for the service alone but now I plan to come back to enjoy some more yummy food and next time I plan to save room for dessert.
5	I had just moved to Henderson from out of state and I was looking for new places to try. Freddy's looked like a fun place so I put it on my list .This place is awesome! Great food, love the skinny fries, great service, very friendy, great prices. This place is now on my Saturday afternoons must do list.
4	Although I didn't go for the food the Frozen Custard was BomB... So I know the food won't disappoint me when I return :D I'll be back!!!
4	Sorry, but I have to knock off a star from my other review.  I have been here several times.  The last time I went, it was a late Friday night, and I wanted a concrete.  I decided to go inside, we were the only ones in the place.  Didn't get that overly welcome feeling I always get when I come here.  I got the Turtle concrete and hubby got the M&M concrete.  When we came home, it was hardly blended at all!  The yummy chocolatety goodness, pecans on mine were at the bottom, same for the M&M's in hubby's concrete.  I told the cashier it was to go, but we got the overflowing cup and had to ask for a lid.  Not cool at all.  But, since it is tasty, I will give them the benefit of the doubt and chalk it up to an off night.
3	Tried the chili fries... its an all meat chili which was good because i don't like the ones that are full of beans. Also tried the chicken strips and frozen custard. Overall food was good. We didn't eat inside we went through the drive thru and the service was great and speedy. I still prefer Steak n Shake better.
3	Freddy's is near our home-we eat there about 1-2 times a month. The food is consistant.  The employees are friendly.  The steakburgers are paper thin. The chili and chili dogs are really not that good in my opinion.  Pattymelts are decent.  Sundaes are really good!
5	I just want to say Freddy's is the bomb-diggity! Awesomely good Steakburgers. They are like no other!  They give you a ton of yummy crispy fry's. I haven't even been able to get to the treats. Great friendly service from Ryan this last time!  The service is consistently superb!
4	It was very clean inside. I'm a mom so I inspect mostly everything. As we walked in, I explained to the cashier that it was our first time and to please give me time to look at the menu. He was so nice to explain everything to us. I have 2 young kids are they are pretty picky eaters. My son had no problems finding something to eat. My daughter, I've never seen her eat with such gusto. It was nice to have a nice family meal together. The burgers themselves are a different story. I really enjoyed the fact that the meat was skinny. It made feeding the kids easy. The taste was good. A bit on the messy side, but in my opinion, that makes a better burger. The shakes, I says have one to start with and a custard to end!
5	First time coming here but won't be my last...thin cut fries are excellent, burger patties are cooked to perfection...dining area has that comfortable diner feel to it...customer service is phenominal...recommend this place to anyone.
5	Freddy's Frozen Custard & Steakburgers has a drive thru! That may have honestly been my big reason for coming here - try some place new and too lazy to get out of the car to get it. I'm so glad I went here though because the food is rocking.I ordered a Single Steakburger California Style (steakburger patty, Freddy's Sauce, cheese, onions, lettuce and tomato) with a large shoestring fries and a small Chocolate Brownie Delight Concrete for dessert (chocolate custard, hot fudge, brownie, and whipped cream with a cherry on top). I had ordered this separately, but the lady at the drive thru made it a combo to make it a little cheaper for me.Actually, the best part was how great and friendly that lady at the drive thru was. I was very surprised. She was bubbly and patient as I ordered for myself and the passengers in my car. A really close second was how delicious and filling my food was when I got home. I was stuffed and I enjoyed every bite of food I ate. And now that I've written this review, I want to go back and buy some food here (but alas, it's closed right now). Yum!
4	Solid little sit down spot, when you feel like dining in for some decent food but want something better than a fast food joint.I've had the steak burger, a little thin on the patty, but great flavor and prepared well.The chili cheese dog was ok and the chicken tenders are solid.Custard was pretty good, think it's something that I'll have to get used to.Now to my favorite item, the chili cheese fries, they're awesome.  Great tasting chili with nacho cheese sauce on the top of some shoestring fries. Could eat just those for a meal, great portion size.Staff is great. Saw manager and assistant manager walking through bussing the tables and checking on  customers.It's a "go to" spot for me.
4	Wanted to give a shout out to Aaron. Great customer service and very friendly. He made our time at Freddy's very enjoyable.Thanks Aaron for the wonderful service.The steak burger was awesome and really enjoyed the chocolate ice cream with brownie concrete .
5	My absolute favorite place. It's up there next  to In n Out lol First lets start with the customer service since they are always so nice and cheerful when I walk in like they missed me or something. On our first visit there they gave us a free custard and they come around and take your trash, it's the little things that matter. Second the steak burger is quite amazing I leave it original and love my fries crispy. The fries my just be my favorite they are thin and crispy and not greasy. I also like their hot dogs they are amazing I can't even describe. Then finally their custards are like little cups of heaven. Something like ice cream but smoother and with tons of extra toppings. Overall a great place to eat and take the family.
4	Ok so finally had the chance to try out their burgers. As I predicted their food wouldn't disappoint me. The double steak with cheese burger was Awesome... Yup im going to start coming back...
2	When Freddy's first open I would have given them 5 stars.  The food was great and the place was packed every day.Ever since the opening team and trainers left it has gone downhill and is not packed any more.It is still better than McD's and Burger King, but I don't go there either.
5	Freddys hands down has some of the best shakes/concreates/custard is LV and NV for that matter.  That mind you, is comming from someone born and raised in Wisconsin which is know for their shakes/malts and custard, thinlk Leon's and Copp's in Milwaukee. I usually like to try the vanilla shake because vanilla is kind of a litmus test.  If the vanilla they serve is good all the other flavors will inevidebelty be good. I got a mino choc shake which was as good as anything you will find in wisconsin. Also tried the oreo concrete which isn't quite as good as dairyqueens blizzard, but still very good.   So now on to the food lol, I had the chilli cheese fries and a single steakburger w/ onoins ketchup and mmustard.  The burgers are very good the best part of it is the nice thin pattie which is crispy and kind of burnt on the edges which I really like. Reminds me of 5 guys patties. The bun isn't exaclty my fave, I prefer true german thin hard rolls.  But regardless the bun is stil fresh and good.  The chilli cheese fries are great, more or less shoestring(really really thing) fries with a cheese sauce which is pretty good and not artificial tasting at all likke a lot of cheesse fries from other places tend to be. All the other toppings seemed to be of good quality and tasted good.  Overall, I have found a new fave joint to go to 3 or 4 times a month.  I really like it that much.  Of and also they really have increible service and get your food out crazy quick.
2	After posting my initial review I received a message from a Freddy's executive.We had a great chat.I have to leave my rating the same, as I have not been back yet, but the exec asked me nicely to return, as they have fixed purveyor and employee problems... hope so!
4	Super delicious frozen custard sundaes!The (Hawaiian Delight) frozen custard sundae was so good, my husband and I came back the following day and brought along my in-laws along to try it!I did knock a star off for the patty melt and chili cheese fries that I had tried on our first visit which I thought were just "meh-okay tasting," but like I said the frozen custard is so good it didn't stop us from coming back. Our kids enjoyed the Dirt 'N Worms sundaes (vanilla custard, Oreo crumbles, gummy worms, whipped cream and a cherry) and Chocolate Shakes. The Hawaiian Delight sundae consisted of yummy vanilla custard, pineapple, strawberry, coconut, macadamia nuts, whipped cream and a cherry. I also tried the PBC & B sundae (vanilla custard, Reese's peanut butter cup pieces, bananas, whipped cream and a cherry) which was tasty as well but not as great as the Hawaiian Delight.
5	Ok, so today was the first time ive ever eaten here. For burgers I usually prefer 5 guys, Smash Burger, or Fat Burger but Freddys is great. Also the shakes are hella good.
4	These burgers were really good! Way better than your typical fast-food burger. They have thin shoe-string fries which aren't my  favorite, but they had different seasonings for them and FRY SAUCE! I haven't found many places in town that have fry sauce. Their custard shakes are also delicious. Perfect place to go if you want a good burger and a milkshake.
4	Only reviewing the frozen custard. I had brunch earlier and driving by couldn't resist my fave crave-custard. Really good and flavorful wasn't expecting a huge cup when i asked for 2 scoops but not a bad thing right? I devoured it all. Burger review next time.
4	Things I love about this place:  frozen custard, amazing delicious burgers, fry sauce.  All of those made my stomach very happy.  Replace any fast food place with this one and you will never be disappointed
3	Freddy has pretty good burgers, but I like the hot dog with the butter toasted bun . I enjoy the hot dogs plain the way it is with this type of bun. The thin fries are yummy but I wish it was bigger. The dessert. are good, but after my meal I am too full, and no one wants to share with me. I might have to order dessert first or have my meal with no fries......... next review, if I come back.
5	Super awesome food I get the cheese burger and the meat is great also the service is awesome when ever you need some thing they will be on it love this place.
5	Awesome place! It is very nice and comfy.Their custard is amazing! I definitely recommend this place 100%.
4	This place is probably in my top 5 fast food burger joints. Their classic burger includes mustard, pickles, and onions. Basically, they won me over right there! Oh, and a regular burger is a double- be warned. For those of you who aren't feelin that-, they have a California burger. More classic style with a fry sauce, lettuce and tomatoes. You can tell everything is fresh, and they use a good quality beef. The also offer hot dogs, shakes, malts, and fries. Usually I don't even review fast food- but this is one place I can go when I don't want fast food, but I still want cheap and convenient. I have seen them do specials too, like a green chile burger. And they will customize, want grilled onions, just ask. This is how fast food should be. Why people still eat Mcdonalds when there is Freddys, baffles me!
5	I love this place, especially  custard ice cream and steak burgers. It's next door to Freed's bakery in the Silverado center.  The interior is red - ceiling lamps, seats, etc. the staff are nice. The self drinks have diet dr pepper and cherry Pepsi which I normally don't see. The steak burgers are thin in patties and cheese w/ onions make it extra tasty. The fries are crips and thin. I highly suggest to try  custard ice cream cone, it's very smooth and melts in your mouth.
5	Perks: good food, good price, fast service!This place has one of the best veggie burgers I've ever had from a fast food joint, or in general. My boyfriend and I had placed an order for a veggie burger and a hatch Chile steakburger meal. The food was out within 3-4 minutes of us ordering! Amazing! The fries were like matchsticks and so delicious. Like I said, the veggie burger was so tasty and filling. My boyfriend loved his pepper burger and the fry sauce that they have. We were both pretty stuffed, and by that I mean STUFFED, but we really wanted to try their frozen custard. We decided to share a mini pbc&c which is a peanut butter cup and banana (with cherry) concrete... A weird name for a really thick shake. :)It was so amazing but I really wanted to barf by the end of it. Completely my fault for having no self control, but I blame them for having such good food.The only thing that makes me sad about this place is how far it is from me. The completely opposite side of town but it is totally worth it. For my veggie burger and my boyfriend's meal together, the total only came to $12. Add that mini concrete and it came to $16. So worth it for the gorging and wanting to barf (aka me not being able to control myself with their delicious food right in front of me). We'll definitely be coming back!
4	For being fast food, this place is great...I honestly haven't tried the actual food, but the frozen custard is rich and delicious.  The chocolate is really chocolatey and the mix-in options are great.
4	Good customer service, price was right, and  the food was out fast. Burgers were okay--I've had better, but also much worse. Fries need seasoning. My husband said the hotdog was terrible. But the custard is really amazing. Don't order a double unless you have a BIG appetite.
5	Why have I never heard of this place? Definitely the best fast food burger in town! It is a steakburger,  not just hamburger, and you can taste the difference. The super skinny fries were perfect! Other places with fries this skinny are too oily, but not here.  The chocolate custard was very chocolaty,  and a single scoop more than enough. The staff seems to really enjoy working here also. Great prices, great food, great environment! We need more Freddy's in town.
2	Mehhh.... if you like Big Mac's you might like this place. I found the meat to be mushy and lackluster. I don't get the hype at all. I ordered a #1 combo (cheeseburger, fries, drink). I gave it 2 stars only because it was affordable and the girl at the drive through was very nice. I didn't try the custard, but I didn't really want to after I had the burger. I've had much better, even at Carl's Jr!... Sorry :(
5	I would drive across town for the french fries and turtle sundae alone.  Manager is extremely friendly and helpful.  I just witnessed him personally bring a food order to an elderly woman at her table.  His momma brought him up right!!
2	What can I say? There food is excellent best  ANGUS BURGERS I've had ever! With that being said I've only got the correct order 2 out of 15 times, through the drive-thru so far.    Obviously with me continuing to go back, that tells you how good their food is! Be aware though you MUST check your order before pulling off. Oh! Their Root-Beer floats are also Bar-none.
5	They seem to do everything right. Great fast food! I get the number one and haven't ventured far from there except to try the patty melt which was great. The wife loves the Veggie burger and the custard is legit.One afternoon I hit the drive through and when I got home I was missing an item. Next time I mentioned it to the manager... My whole lunch was free. So I'm loyal now. If you haven't tried Freddy's your missing out.
5	The bomb
3	Stopped by after my flight - never been here and I was too tired for anything but fast food. I had Freddys original double - basically a dbl cheeseburger with pickles and onions, no lettuce or tomatoes. It was pretty sloppy, fell apart fairly easy, but it wasn't bad - tasty. The fries are of the shoe string style- a little bit bigger maybe, but nothing to go back for.I would probably hit the In N Out next time, but this wasn't bad. The only thing that bugged me a bit was the drive thru was empty, and the dining area was fairly slow but it still took a while to get my food - maybe they were short handed...I dunno.
5	Delicious fresh burgers!! every time I come I try something new and I am never disappointed
4	Great fast food! Great burgers - great fries - great friendly customer service!Freddy's is definitely worth a visit!
5	Love this place, burgers and dogs are really good and good prices.
5	Um good .com .org .net! The meat is really flaky (that's a good thing) so get a double of whatever you get! The shoe lace fries are really good and you get a lot. Customer service is top notch too!
3	This is my 2nd time in this junt. The steakburgers are ok. They got my burger wrong please see my pictures. Everyone is kind you don't have to wait all day for your food. But attention to details is everything to me. They say they treat each order as if it is a special order well they need to prove it to me. Because each time I've been in here to eat they got my order wrong. The place looked pretty clean I seen flies in the place so I choose to eat in my car. But I guess they can't help the flies. Over all I will return the husband says he would give them 5 stars but this is not my husband's review I proudly issue them 3 stars total.
4	You can tell the food is good when there's always a crowd! They have great chili dogs that come on Texas toast. I was skeptical at first being the hard core Chicagoan I am.( hot dogs are a big deal to me!) that skepticism melted away with the yummy toasty goodness that accompanied that first bite. They've made a mistake or 2 in the drive thru so always double check. Even with the mistakes they're very good at making sure customers leave happy.  I recently tried their hatch chili burger and it doesn't disappoint on flavor. They dice the chili peppers and mix them with grilled onions so it's an even distribution unlike Carl's Jr.'s whole seeded pepper.
5	My go-to fast food hamburger joint. Much as I love Fat Boy's pineapple-packing Hawaiian burger, or a good Fatburger on the char (always order on the char), Freddy's hits the sweet spot for me in price, distance, consistency, and drink selection (I like Wild Cherry Pepsi; your own mileage may vary). I can say that some days are better than others, but overall it gets my highest marks. I very much love the maillard crusting along the skirt of the thin double patties; it's good proof that you don't need a flame grill to make a great burger.
4	A really good burger.
4	This isn't Bachi or BurGR so not fair to compare to other great burger places we have in Vegas.  They are not mind blowing or innovative and that's ok.  These are fast food burgers.  The burgers are small, kinda smashed thin and a little greasy.  All of which I like.  They remind me of an old school burger at the frosty I would get as a kid.  They are similar to Steak n Shake and In n Out.  The custard is good too, tons of flavors/options to customize your concrete or sundae.  I don't crave burgers often but when I do it is usually Freddy's.
4	Fair prices and delicious food. Not to mentiom short wait times! If im ever craving a burger and fries, I go here. Theyre milkshakes and custards are to die for. The fries are thin and always crispy.
5	Wow x2!  My steakburger was out of this world! The fries with there fry sauce and there seasoning was awesome.  But the cherry on top was my turtle  dessert
5	FIRST TIME TRYING.I went through the drive through.Best customer service.I'm usually hard on drive through because usual drive through employees are lousy and  a bit prude, but NOT FREDDYS.Fast and 100% customer service even through drive through.EXPERIENCE:Drove up and was greeted right away with a friendly and welcoming voice.I told the girl that it's my first time and I asked her which was better, the number 1 or number 7? She told me number 6 with bacon. She did not hesitate to tell me what and enjoyed and to be honest I'm glad she told the truth! I also ordered a mini chocolate milk shake and OH MY GOSH, bestChocolate shake I ever had!!!Got my order quick and they greeted me goodbye! Definitely coming back!THEIR STEAKBURGERS ARE THE BEST AND THEIR FOOD IS NOT OILY AT ALL.No regrets. I'll be back for great service!
4	Greasy goodness.  Don't want to eat here if you are watching your weight or being health conscious, but boy does it taste good.   The fries are very addicting and the service was pretty fast and friendly.  Just thinking about the fries as I write this making me wanna drive over and get some.
1	Been going to this location for over a year now  Last week i ordered griled chicken breast on rye bread. They brought it to me on regular bun. I noticed human hair on the chicken. Thats gross! I could have a big seen but i didnt in front of his customers.Today it was brezzy do i took my mccaw, into store. Ordered the same sandwich as last week again they could not get it right the first time. Then the mgr comes to my table and says my bird cannot be in the store. I told him i wanted my money back. And that i would never return to his resturant  . This owner discrimated against a 2.5 lb animal that brings smiles to countlesss people everyday. He wasnt hurting anybody. This proprietor, was extremely condensending,rude & obnoxious. Shame on Freedies Custard on Eastern Ave Las Vegas, NV.
5	So this might sound a little crazy but I just found out this place has the good iced tea (you know fresh brewed and hint of flavor) It is hard to find the good iced tea in a drive thru! So far I've only had the Patty Melt (no onions) and it is really good. The sign is a little misleading. It kind mashes you think you are getting a double burger, but the steak burger patties are quite thin. Still very flavorful and it ended up being enough for me, but I'll need to double up if ever ordering for the bf. The girl St the drive thru was great. She informed me of what came on the burger, basically allowing. We to customize (remove onions, please) I ordered a combo with chili cheese fries because why not? And she also reminded me that they came with onions. This place lives their onions! Small issue, when I received my order the chili cheese fries still had the onions on them... Luckily I was planning to devour them on the Way home, so I was able to easily go back through drive thru. The girl was very good about making me a brand new order. She insisted that I keep the other order. All and all pretty good meal/experience... I'll definitely be back for some of that drive thru tea!
4	Just visited the drive thru and double bacon burger was awesome! Onion rings were great and so was the Turtle Concrete! The excellent customer service is a deep breath of fresh air here in Vegas! Thank you! I can't wait to return!
4	Everything I have to say about Freddy's has been said in other reviews here, so I'll make it quick and just hit the high points.First, this place is pretty much a copy of Steak & Shake. The burgers are the thin patty "smashed" style burgers and the fries are thin and crispy matchstick style fries. Both the burgers and fries are very tasty IMO.When you get sick of the large chain fast food burgers, Freddy's makes a nice change of pace.
4	Freddys is different  but really good. I give the burgers a 3 star rating. The reason not higher...Very thin meat patties with mustard and no catchup unless you specifically order it otherwise.  Not a fan of mustard burgers.Having said that, tonight I ordered the burger with NO mustard and with catsup only. It was wonderful. The best thing about this restraunt is the side orders. The french fries are wonderful and the fry sauce is out of this world. Really Really good. My favorite thing is the chili bowil with cheese. I have heard rumors that it just canned chili, but, I have never found chili so good in a can. It is out of this world. No beans all meat and very flavorful. Then the iced tea is passion fruit in a burger place. Really wonderful!!The service is 5 stars and cleanliness 5 stars. Will be making lots of return visits to this place. Great Job!!!
5	Best fast food burger ever; and the shoestring fries are better than the burgers! Now the custard, we get concretes with our meal everytime it's like a sundae all mixed together. Our favorite is the turtle but with chocolate iced cream...big chunks of pecans and bunches of carmel you need a very fat straw.A friendly place with great food and great service. It's a winner every time.
5	Absolutely love this place. From the environment to the location. Food and the employees. It's always a great time here at Freddy's. Definitely a must place to eat at.
4	Went here because I saw as I go to work. So I took the family after church Sunday (10/26). Never had a steak burger. Was not greasey, fries were cut small, and had a hot dog with mustard, onions and chili. Loved all of it! My wife is Asian and she said she liked the place because the burgers are not greasy and loved the fries also. Plus they have fry sauce...Custard was great also. Try it you will like.
3	I'm really sad to say that I was underwhelmed by this Freddy's location.After going to the Victorville, CA location...and then finding out that this one is owned by the same person, I had really high expectations, that were not met.The good:The staff is SUPER polite, and very helpful:  welcoming us when we walked in, wishing us a good day when we left, etc. The fries were FRESH, and hot, and delicious.  The not so great: Comparing to our visit last weekend to the Victorville location, the burgers were REALLY underseasoned.  They weren't bad, but it was definitely noticeable.  They messed up my fella's order...a lot.He ordered the original double steakburger, adding ketchup, lettuce, and tomato. He got a single steakburger, California style, including thousand island...and he hates mayo based sauces.  He wasn't thrilled with it initially, noticing that it was a lot smaller than it should have been, but about halfway through the burger, noticed the thousand island, pulled the burger apart and saw why it was so small...Now, we didn't send it back...mostly because he was already halfway through it, but he was super disappointed.  I'll attribute this to maybe being an off day, and would still gladly go back...but I don't know that I'd drive out of my way to eat there.
5	Shoestring fries, fresh custard shakes, and fry sauce. Freddy's is a "Fargo's Favorite!"
5	I am revising my reviews of this place. Went back again tonight and was really amazed. The burger was good, the sides and the service was outstanding. I mean a burger place where people greet you and come around and ask if they can get you anything. Then, we finished eating and they were right there ready to clean up our mess. They had a minimum 2 people doing nothing but cleaning up in the dining room. It was impressive. McDonalds, BK, Wendy's take a lesson in customer service from these people. They do everything but park your car for you. Wonderful wonderful wonderful. Today was Veterans day. The cashier asked if I was a Veteran. Said yes, she shook my hand and thanked me for my service. Then she handed me a certificate for a complete free meal on my next visit. WOW....What a place.Great job Freddy's!!!!!!!
4	I love burgers and this place is awesome! I don't know why it has taken me so long to try it. Every time I'm in the area I see the long line at the drive-thru here so when that many people line up, you know it must be good. This is my new go-to pre-movie quick dinner before hitting the Colonnade for a film. Freddy's is FAST. I mean, order and you'll get your fresh and hot order in 5 minutes or less. I don't know how they do it. I also don't know how they can have such low prices. Seriously! My husband and I had a soda, cheese fries, double bacon burger and a triple cheeseburger and our total, with tax, was around $16.00. Now you can't beat that for a meal of this quality!If you are watching your carbohydrate intake or are an Atkins / low-carb eater, Freddy's is wonderfully accommodating! They will wrap your burger in lettuce or just give you the meat with a fork and knife. They don't act weird and employees actually understand that you want a lettuce wrap. The burgers are very small and thin but they are super flavorful with a nice little "crust" around the edge. I would compare them to a cross between Smashburger and In-N-Out. There are lots of free toppings you can add to your meal as well as reasonably priced premium add-ons like chili and bacon. If you are extra hungry, I'd recommend the triple patty burger. That's what I normally order and it's a good size and will take the wrinkles out of your belly (I don't eat fries or bread so I NEED that extra meet and cheese)! The chili here is kind of gross. I wouldn't recommend it. And if you order the cheese fries, beware that it's not real cheese. They are covered in squirt day-glo fake cheese (like Cheez-Whiz). Yuck. The cheese slices on the burgers are nice and melty however. Don't miss the fry sauce (much loved in Utah) available at the counter. I like to slather it on my cheeseburger (it's basically thousand island dressing). The menu is simple and straightforward -- burgers, fries, frozen custard and hot dogs. Be sure to ask about any special promotions so you won't miss out on a tasty bbq bacon burger with onion rings! I've never had the frozen custard here but the desserts and sundaes look super delicious. If you have a kid under 12, buy them a Freddy's t-shirt for $5 and each time they wear it to the restaurant and buy a kid's meal, they'll get free frozen custard. Luckily they don't have a promotion like this for adults or I'd weigh about 400 pounds.The soda fountain has Pepsi products and Diet Dr. Pepper! The interior dining room has a red and white vintage vibe and is spotlessly clean. Ample seating and friendly employees. I love this place and I am fast on my way to becoming a regular.
3	A decent burger chain, the nice thing about this chain is that they have a good sized dessert menu.  They have a variety of custards, shakes, cakes, and malts.  But their main thing is still their burgers.The Freddy's Original double with cheese is pretty good.  They do thin and bigger patties.  The flavor is standard and not too oily, nothing special in my opinion but a solid burger.  The fries are the thin type, which I like and they have fry seasoning you can add after too which is nice.The new Philly cheesesteak is a bit dry for my taste and could use a bit more meat.  The cheese sauce on top is pretty good and helps make the sandwich.  The turtle custard is yummy, a nice way to top off the meal!
3	Ok place for lunch.  Prices are ok, the food is average.  Place is pretty clean and friendly.  There is a good food selection, food is greasy.
5	Outstanding!!! If you live here and haven't come by for a great steak burger or a concrete then you are missing out. As much as I love the food here the staff is by far the best group of people I have ever had the pleasure of dealing with. The place is kept spotless. The green chili burger is Sooo good (real hatch green chili)!!! They even have military Monday's. Again, if you are looking for a quick meal for the family that won't break the bank make Freddy's a list topper.
4	Freddy's is a better-than-average fast-food restaurant.  The service is good, friendly, helpful, and consistent.  The steakburgers are good, as well as their frozen custard.  Food comes out in less than six minutes, usually.   It often gets crowded between 12-1.
5	The burgers and fries we got from here were so delicious! The fries are thin & crispy, the burgers had great flavor. The customer service was wonderful. We ordered through the drive-thru and the gal was so sweet and accommodating. We ordered one root beer but they accidentally made two so she gave it to us for free, that was very nice of her. I'll definitely be back soon.
4	Wow! I was not expecting to like this place as much as I did! I got the grilled chicken sandwich, and it was very good! The fries are great, too, especially with their special sauce. The frozen custard is the real deal. I recommend it!
5	Pretty much the best burger joint besides in n out. It's up there at in n outs level. Their steak burger are on point. Their fries and the seasoning they put on it is amazing! And their turtle custards are delicious!!! Was so excited when they finally opened one up here in Vegas. Wish they had more places in town. But def worth the drive considering we live in north Las Vegas. Def a must try! #goodeats
5	This is not my first time trying Freddy's. I first tried Freddy's in Wichita, KS and the food was amazing. I recently found this location and I am still in love with the food, service and customer service. Today a few Soldiers and I decided to have Freddy's for lunch. Graciously a Korean War veteran purchased our lunch for us. As a service member myself I'm so grateful. Later during our meal another Marine Corp veteran paid us for our service and our meals. The Freddy's clientele is always amazing and never lacks the welcoming feeling. I'll be back for my Oreo cookie sundae!
5	I love this place.  The food is always delicious.  I love the shoestring fries and the fry sauce.  If I could drink it I would, ok not really but its yummy. The hamburgers are always cooked to perfection, the fries are always hot and we get our food quick.  With a family of 5 that is always a plus!  The staff is always friendly and very helpful.  They will clear your trays when you are done.  The custard is delicious.  I like the chocolate, it is rich and creamy. This is our families go to burger place!!!
4	Wow. After the disaster across the way at Freeds Bakery I wanted something to eat to soak up the liquor and ventured into town for this gem! The only thing that would make this place 5 stars is Diet Coke! Why does everyone in LV have Pepsi products ?? Gross!! Anyway the double patty melt was so good on super toasty rye bread and the shoe string fries were perfect ! I wish they had this chain in OC !
4	I was in town visiting my cousins and they suggested I try Freddy's. Being from the east, I thought it mandatory to stop at an In & Out, but most of them said no...if you can eat at Freddy's, do that instead. So I decided to give it a go and we all loaded up in my aunts 15 passenger Econoline and proceeded to take over Freddy's. I have a lot of cousins, so we essentially amassed 4 tables and staked out claim in the restraurant. It was a take over! My 2 cousins, Mitch & Marty, kept saying "concrete" the whole way to the establishment. I thought we were going to build something...or they had Tourette's. Here I found out that Freddy's concrete is this THICK custard. I had the banana peanut butter cup...excellent. My cousin, Matt, tried to get me to eat the triple decker which is also lathered in bacon. It just looked to be too much for me, so I went with the California. Not sure what makes it Californian, but the Freddy's sauce that they put on is awesome. You can also get side cups of Freddy's sauce for your fries! Yummy! My cousin, Martha, came with her baby, Macy. And Matt's wife, Matilda, who's expecting there second child, Matt Jr., and their little one Mindy. Plus Maurice, Martin, Mike, Missy & Carl. Carl's the loser in the family. No one likes him. My other cousin, Mark, is a staunch In & Out supporter. He was NOT happy about going to Freddy's. He begrudgingly ate a triple decker. We think he liked it, even though he complained about every little detail. He seems to think even the chairs at In & Out are better. That's why I gave Freddy's a 4. Just cause he was SO adamant on his defense of In & Out that it was admirable. Secretly I would give it a 5. We talked about various ways to commit suicide off the Hoover Dam and how to ditch Carl. We attempted to leave when he went to the bathroom....but loading up all those people took to long & he caught up to us. I've seen my family & eaten at Freddy's...really can't think of another thing to do here in Las Vegas. Gonna get a car & drive into the desert......OUT!!!
4	Don't live on this side of town but decided to check it out since I was in the area. Very satisfied with that Steakburger! Amazing portions and cooked to perfection. My cashier was a younger white lady, Wasnt too impressed with her but as long as she makes me a GREAT burger im happy haha. Anyways, ill be back when im down on Eastern again. cheers guys
