2	First of all I wanted this place to succeed. The Ballantyne area has been getting a label as a style over substance area for which restaurants have not been on par with areas such as South Park and Birkdale Village or the Uptown. I decided to order the Gumbo and Crawfish bites as a lunch meal. The Gumbo arrives and I instantly begin to notice clumps of rice within the bowl. This would not be an issue if I was using chopsticks and eating Asian food. The flavors of the Gumbo were not properly mixed. It seemed as if the Gumbo did not get enough time to simmer. My Crawfish bites arrive late due to confusion with another dish. I take a look at the dish and realize that they used cornmeal as the breading. For those of you not familiar with cornmeal, proper execution is needed to insure that the cornmeal does not dominate the product. And in this case, they failed. There was too much breading which in turn made a gritty dish. My critical judgement of this place was finally justified when the manager came over and asked "how was our meals". We made mentioned about the clumpiness of the rice, and without hesitation the manager stated that we could just mix it in as if our criticism was petty. Keep in mind that this spot had just opened this week. If the top of management doesn't acknowledge their shortcomings, this place is doomed to fail.
5	Clumpy rice...hehe. Nice criticism.Look, I lived in south Louisiana for 16 years...I have a pretty good understanding of cajun/creole cuisine.  Other establishments like Boudreaux's and Cajun Queen attempt to get it right, but ultimately serve up more miss than hit.We ordered the fried pickle/okra appetizer, which was really good.  The Lafitte sauce was a nice contrast to the spiced breading on the fried veggies.  My son ordered the roasted 1/2 chicken, which was perfectly cooked and well seasoned. He loved it.  My wife ordered the shrimp creole, which tasted like my mom's...very good.  I ordered the jambalya and was pleasantly surprised.  The seasoning was good...nice balance of thyme and heat.  The rice they used was a bit strange...it was a short-grain rice that wasn't normal, but didn't subtract from the flavor.  Oh yeah, the gumbo was good too...real andouille and good sized chunks of chicken and shrimp.  Good roux, good flavoring.Overall, it's probably a 4.5...it will definitely make our regular restaurant rotation.
4	Lunch Jambalaya was really good. Very generous size chunks of chicken. I will be back.
3	I had heard and read bad and so/so reviews for this place since it opened... both here on Yelp and from friends.  I went this past Sunday to watch the Saints game (I knew it would be on there!!!) and to try the food for myself.  Based on one dish, I would say this place is not as bad as the 1 star review on Yelp or some of the other slams I have read/heard.  Maybe after the bad reviews the owners worked on fixing a few things, but I had a good experience.  I ordered the Cajun Pasta and it was like Cajun Pasta should be: salty and spicy.  I liked it.  I am only giving three stars because I've only had that one dish... I will amend it when I try some more things on the menu.
4	CLOSEDI don't know why folks gave this place poor reviews but the jambalaya I had at lunch had delicious scrimp and plenty of them plus the mufaletta was also great. The only down note was that they need a new bread supplier. Their current bread is standard commercial quality and does not measure up to the rest of the food. Bottom line is, at lunch, food is great and the price is very very reasonable.  My personal experience says their food is a bit better than Cajun yard dog, which is pretty good. Hey this is Charlotte so don't try to compare these restaurants to New Orleans.
4	Best Cajun/Creole food in Charlotte. I grew up in New Orleans so I know the difference. Dishes are NOT too spicy (the tell-tale sign of poor Creole food) and most of the breads are flown in from New Orleans bakeries.  Even dishes that are only really known by "Yats" (such as Red Beans & Rice) are comparable to what you would get in New Orleans.  Highly recommend you see for yourself.
3	I really like this place. And I'm fortunate that it's across the street from where I work. I've been about 6 times in total, including today.Right now, Monday and Tuesday are buffet days. The buffet is a bit amateurish, like a cheap catered meal- Sterno under disposable aluminum trays- but, honestly. Forget that. The food is great. The buffet gives you a sample of what they've got on their menu. It's all good, but let me mention a couple of standouts. Their Alligator Chili and Gumbo are out of this world. The Chili is sweet, with a building hot that never becomes so overly hot as to distract from the fact that this stuff is yummy! Alligator, anondule sausage, and if I'm remembering correctly- crawfish and beans add protein and texture to the delicious base. So far, my favorite dish here!But the gumbo is also fantastic, don't forget to give it a try as well. It's just not as fresh in my mind, and I would oh so hate to lead you astray, dear reader. We have always gotten great service and it's never crowded at lunchtime,  I hope this isn't an indication they aren't doing well, because I hope to be stopping in her for some time to come. Oh. One more thing about today's visit. Three of us ordered the "entree" sized bowl of chili today. What a mistake! I normally wouldn't call us "light" eaters, but we got about half way through this repast and just stalled out, full. Ah well, leftovers for lunch tomorrow! Or, what the heck, breakfast.--- Update ---After telling my wife the above, many times. We went to Creole's for dinner. What a disappointment. After many wonderful lunches with the same great chili - the chili was, quite honestly, bad tonight. Not awful. But not worth ordering twice. This is a 180 degree turnaround from all my previous visits when the chili has been just fantastic. In addition to this - The fried oysters I ordered were over cooked and over breaded. And the hurricane I ordered seemed to be ALL sweet syrup. The only thing about the dinner tonight that was even remotely good was the gumbo, which was as delicious as ever. I would have rated the dinner tonight a two star at best, but in deference to the GREAT lunches I've had here - and hopefully I will have more, I am only dropping my original review by one star. Was this a fluke? I hope so. I really hope so.
2	I ate here with a friend for lunch one day not too long ago.  We got there around 2:15PM and we asked if the lunch specials were still available.  The waitress promptly told us that they ended at 2.  We shrugged it off; rules are rules I guess!I ordered the shrimp po-boy and my friend decided on the oyster po-boy.  The waitress took our order and then returned to tell us that the "oysters are bad".  We kind of looked at each other like...wha?  My friend changed the order to a shrimp po-boy.  When the waitress brought out our food she said she misunderstood the spanish speaking cook and that the oysters weren't bad but they were out of oysters.  What?Anyway, the shrimp po-boys were dry but came with some sauce on the side which helped a little.  The french fries I had were old, hard, and kind of dried out.  When the checked was paid we were both in agreement that we wouldn't be back.
3	I really wanted to love this place, but was disappointed overall.  I ordered one of my favorite dishes - Shrimp Etoufee. It tasted ok, but not what I would consider good. They were stingy on the shrimp, the Etoufee was not rich in flavor or texture - it was bland with the consistency of runny gravy, and to top it off,  the rice was sort of hard like it was day-old rice, or just not cooked properly.  In addition, it was not served with a side of  veggies which I found disappointing.I gave the restaurant 3 stars because my partner did enjoy his meal - he had a french dip and fries.  On the night of our visit, we had pretty good service but  it was not what I would consider outstanding.We did enjoy the live jazz - it was nicely done, not too noisy or obtrusive.  I will give this place the benefit of the doubt and will try it again sometime, but will probably stick to something like the Shrimp Po-Boy.  When I am in the mood for a good shrimp etoufee or creole, I will head over to the Cajun Yard Dog where their dishes are more flavorful and have more shrimp (and they also include a side like fried okra or your choice of  other veggies).
1	My wife and I love Cajun food but this is not the place for it.  I too, would have really like to have a good Cajun restaurant in south Charlotte.  I had the Cajun Pasta, it was ok, but the chicken in it was way over cooked and had the consistency of rubber.  My wife had the shrimp etoufee and like others that have reviewed it, it was very bland.  It had small shrimp and really no taste.  Meals were also higher priced than they should be.  They want $17.99 for catfish.If you want good cajun food, drive up to Concord and go to Razzoos.  I'vs been to New Orleans several times and Razzoos is very close and very reasonably priced.
2	Not suprisingly, this place is now CLOSED.
