3	I keep trying to check into this location but it is not on Yelp so I am forced to review it... ha ha, anyway.  I go here since it is close to my home and it is better than the other place on Lake Pleasant and 83ave (cant remember the name of the place).  It is still no Carolinas but they have decent chorizo burritos and the rolled tacos and beans are way better here.  It looks like this location is pretty new.
3	I give this place a 3, just because if it was truly authentic I'd give it a 5. So it's good in my opinion. However, the dude at the drive thru has the personality of a napkin. Not that I'm expecting the best customer service, but at least pretend like you are happy to be alive. My husband loves the burritos, I love the tacos. It's good for your "typical" Mexican place!
1	This USED to be my favorite Filibertos.I've had quite a few bad experiences with this one. And today is the last time I'll ever go here.I went around 3 pm. And it was extremely hot in there. I ordered my food, I said 3 jr. quesadillas. And the guy who barley speaks English charges me for 1. I had to ask my boyfriend to ask for 2 more because the guy didn't look me in the eye whatsoever. and I just couldn't stand the fact that I had to repeat myself, when I clearly said what I wanted.I went to the salsa bar to get my green sauce that I love so much. And guess what. It wasn't over there.... So when our food came out, I asked for some and over course the guy didn't understand me. He ended up only giving me four sauces(2 green and 2 red). And I love spicy food, so I wanted like twice as many as he gave me. So of course they're annoyed when you ask for more.Then I sit down to eat my food, and our quesadillas are really burnt.. YUM!To top it off, the sauces were warm, like 90 degrees and tasted bad. Like sour almost. In the past when they were in the actual salsa bar, they've been the same way. It's obviously not refrigerated. (Someone please call the health department.)I couldn't enjoy my food at all. Oh well.I just know I'll go to the one on 83rd ave and Thunderbird next time.
1	This was my first trip to Filibertos and it will also be my last.  While the food was ok (it was ok, nothing more) the service was beyond pathetic and I will be following up with corporate after I finish this post.  We got there at 5:50PM tonight (Sunday) and the place was empty except for a car in the drive through.  After waiting several minutes and being ignored by the 5 people behind the counter, somebody finally came to take our order.  Our counter person had difficulty understanding what we were trying to order and then walked away without giving us our drink cups.  I stood at the counter for another 10 minutes while everyone in the back continued to ignore me...one guy walked right past me 5 times a few feet away and actually looked over at me.  FINALLY someone came up and I got our cups.When the food came out my order was wrong.  I ordered the fish taco combo and an additional shrimp tack.  I went back up and tried to get my order fixed but the guy at the counter was arguing with me telling me that I ordered two shrimp tacos.  When I tried to speak with him he suddenly was not able to understand me again.  I asked to speak with the manager, and was told "no manager, not here".  I asked where the manager was and was told "be back tomorrow."  I then said I wanted my money refunded and he said "no" and walked away.  I'm not sure how they get away with no manager on premises, but that's also a conversation for corporate.
1	So here's a Filiberto's update.  After giving them a few days to respond from the corporate office in Phoenix, I emailed them again.  Nothing.  So, I have a BBB complaint in progress against them.  Stay tuned...
1	So here's latest.  I received a message from the BBB this evening stating that they were unsuccessful at getting a response from Filibertos.  Not sure what the next step is, but I am not finished.
1	Dude, don't eat at Filiberto's.  I do not understand why they are so popular all over the Valley.  Maybe it's good for drunks whose stomachs are so polluted with skunky beer and whose palate has been ruined by smoking cheapass ditchweed, but the food at Filiberto's looks like someone already ate it and they put it on a paper plate.  I tried it twice to be fair and I feel lucky to be alive.
4	This is a great location for Filiberto's food.  If you want fresh, large portions, and have a craving for Mexican food this is your destination.  We have ordered several times for lunch for work.  We call in advance and place a to-go order which in our case could be 20 breakfast burritos.  The best part is that when everyone at work gets one of the breakfast burritos or Carne Asada burritos everyone is happy.  Nothing like a happy workplace and a satisfying meal.  The breakfast burrito has lots of egg, green onions mixed in, ham, pico, bacon, and cheese.  Be ready that bacon is real bacon with fat also, so if you hate fat skip the bacon.  If you love bacon that fat adds a nice flavor to the burrito.  They also give you green and red sauce, but both are mild to no heat.  I also enjoy the Carne Asada burrito and be prepared it is a large burrito.  Most cannot finish it in one sitting.  I pride myself on doing so and then fall into a work coma after wards :)They serve breakfast all day I highly suggest a breakfast burrito to fill a really empty belly.  And at $4 it really is a lot of food for the cash.  Enjoy.
1	The first time I ever ate at a Filiberto's was at this location. I was a little hesitant and my girlfriend ordered for me because she's hispanic and has more knowledge about what is good. We got two tacos and a taco salad and it ended up costing like $25. Afterwards I thought it was weird that it cost that much and looked up the prices. What we ordered cost more like $14-16. The workers here overcharge you because they don't even speak english. It's kind of sad because I've been to a couple in the ghetto of phoenix and they were delicious and the workers are awesome over there. Avoid this location though. Go to the one on 83rd or on grand if you live in surprise.
4	Good specials.  Service is always slow, but they make up for it in the food.
1	Food taste just like any other location. But what is different about this one is the horrible service.  I have only been there twice and both times I have got probably some of the worst service I have ever experienced. Taking 15minutes for a bean burrito? Then on top of that someone who storms off when you ask him for hot sauce then basically throws it at you when he finally gets it to you. Definitely the last time I'd ever go to this particular one. Wish I could do more than write a review but doesn't look like anyone's had any luck.
1	Horrible service!! The guy sounded like he was high and could give two shits about us. Asked for stuff on the side and was never given it. Won't be back, that's for sure.....
1	I went there cause I was hungry...The one by my home better food...The meat was dry...The  green sauce was watered down ...not very impressed at all ..I'll continue to go to one near my home nice and fresh... and love the food there...This place just fell short
