4	I have always been upset that I missed the chance to grow up in the 60's.  I know more "oldies" songs than a girl my age probably should, and I was even told by a middle school teacher that I was "born in the wrong decade."  Perhaps I may be a bit overdramatic about my love for this show, but I certainly wasn't the only one that seemed to really be enjoying myself.  Even my husband was groovin' along to the songs!Trent Carlini is amazing at what he does.  He certainly looks the part of Elvis and even has that sly Elvis smile down.  His voice is eerily similar.  Combine that with great stage presence and you might catch yourself thinking you were seeing the real deal.The show is primarily Trent singing solo on stage with several (really fun) costume changes.  Sometimes his backup dancer Ashley joins him.  She is also amazing, by the way.  There are a couple video montages with pictures of Elvis and Pricilla, but it's mainly a pretty low-key production.The longer the show went on the more the women in the audience returned to their teeny-bopper ways and swooned over "The King."  He even handed out some scarves to a few lucky ladies.The only downsides were when he started to talk politics at the end of the show (really killed the mood, in my opinion) and when you felt like you could only take a picture with him after the show by buying his CD/picture/scarf combo.  I was too shy to ask (and didn't have the cash to buy anything) so I just took my picture with a sign instead.I definitely recommend if you are an Elvis fan.  Or to anyone that can let loose and enjoy an evening that screams "Las Vegas."Held in the Shimmer Cabaret at LVH.  Approximately 60 minutes long.
3	Voice is better than his looks. May be getting up in age and getting some pounds on. The moves quite aren't there.I had a cousin who was a bodyguard for Elvis at one time and he didn't think much of Trent.The show is worth the money and he works hard. The songs are good but that's about it.Very stingy on the scarfs.
4	Trent Carlini has been doing his Elvis tribute show forever, in various venues on and around the Las Vegas Strip, but right now he is performing at the Las Vegas Hotel on Paradise at 6:30pm.  The show lasts around an hour and ten minutes, and plays seven nights a week.  For a man pushing fifty, he does not lose energy and puts on a good show.  He dances like Elvis, he does some great classic Elvis poses, has about a dozen costume changes, and he even does a couple of pretty impressive kicks.He begins with early Elvis songs, and we go chronologically through his career.  He does start to look a lot more like him once we get on to the period when he grew sideburns.  He does not change the wig, and he does not put any padding in the jumpsuit for older Elvis.  I must assume that he changes the songs around a little every now and again, because people keep coming back, and he must get very bored if he always performs exactly the same stuff.  The show opens with music, a film and a dancer.  At first I was quite pleased that there was a dancer, because a tribute show can be a bit dull without something else to watch besides the singer.  They're not the real thing, after all, so not as exciting to watch.  After a couple of acts I realized what a brilliant dancer she is, and what a great compliment to the show she is.  I think Trent Carlini probably knows Elvis better than Elvis knew Elvis.  He has obviously watched him on TV for hours, and he must be a huge fan.  He captures the mannerisms and moves very well.  But only Elvis sounds quite like Elvis, and he does not quite get the voice.  When he spoke to us, he gives us the impression that he designed the show, and I like the way it is done.  There are so many costume changes, backdrop films, and movement around the theater that you do not get bored.  He talks to the audience a little, but not too much, and throws in a few jokes, which always win points with me.  There is a point near the end where he mops his sweat with a scarf to give away, as, presumably, Elvis did.  There were quite a few ladies of a certain age in the audience who knew what was coming and went up to the front to get this sweaty prize.  There is just no accounting for some the behavior of some people.  This is a good example of keeping the energy up in the show, and providing some authenticity, and, for me, providing some comedy.  My only criticism, and this is major one, is that there was no "Suspicious Minds".   How can we go on together, Trent, without Suspicious Minds?
4	I have seen Trent Carlini several times and I like the impersonation of Elvis that he does.  This show seems a little muted compared to the shows I saw a few years back.  The changes of clothes are not as dramatic as before and they take less time.The show is in the Shimmer Showroom at the LVH and all seats are good.  We were seated at the railing of the second section and the seats were great!  Carlini has added to his act a wonderful dancer, Ashley Belle, who is a very talented dancer.  She dances during the clothes changing breaks and and she sometimes does some modern dance accompanying Carlini.  I was really taken by her smooth moves and talent!  She's a great addition to the show.To get me to stand up and grind the hips a bit takes some doing but Carlini got all the guys in the room--for the most part--to get up and show their stuff.  I sat down pretty quickly because no one was doing the Twist.  Do they still do it?  :)Go see Carlini.  His show is good and the showroom is terrific!
4	I had family in town and decided to take them to see Trent Carlini this evening. I have seen him in the past, so I knew what to expect, but we had a great time. He is currently performing in the Shimmer Cabaret at Las Vegas Hotel. It's a relatively small theater, but good because it's an intimate setting. Trent Carlini does a pretty awesome impression of Elvis. The costumes and scenery aren't as elaborate as his previous stage, but he stays true to his persona. His voice is right on point and his dancer Ashley is so absolutely beautiful and talented. I might just have a girl crush.Trent is absolutely talented and his performance is fabulous. Extremely personable and charming and his singing is absolutely on point. Definitely a talented duo and worth it if you have the chance to see him live.
3	I really didn't want to go, but I was dragged here by my girl and her family and it ended up enjoying it much more than I expected. The show isn't too long and made for an entertaining night out. Make sure you look for discounts.
3	Saw many Elvis impressionists before. He might not be the best one.But still a very good tribute to the King.
5	My man and I came here as a date. We are in our twentys and both Elvis fans, and we were definitely younger than the rest of the crowd. However, it was a blast. An older (fantastic) woman behind me said she wanted to dance so I danced with her and we got a good crowd going. When Trent smiles, it's like Elvis is there for sure. He did an excellent job with mannerism and voice. Although my boyfriend seriously wanted him to play suspicious minds, we both enjoyed it.Definitely something I would do again. Also, the bar wasn't as expensive as you'd think and our ticket came with discounts to the restaurants in the casino.We chose the steak house and although it was more Than we expected their service was great. Fantastic date night.
5	Better than I thought it would be!! This show is at LVH in the Shimmer Showroom so the seating is a little tight but, well worth the show. It starts at 6:30pm and we were out about 8PmTrent Carlini has been performing since 1990 as Elvis and he can belt it out!! He interacts with the audience and shakes your hands and he even had us get up and dance! There was an older couple maybe in there 60"s that was really dancing like they did back then. Sounds very close to Elvis and he also has an awesome dancer that comes out at times in great outfits!
5	A super fun show.  Trent has an amazing voice and he has obviously studied Elvis and been doing this a long time because he really has the moves and mannerisms down.  (Plus he really looks like him!) I thoroughly enjoyed the entire show.  I've seen a few Elvis tribute artists both on video and in person, Trent is definitely the best, a must see! Plus he also just seems like a really nice guy and will take pictures and chat with you after the show, I loved the interaction both during and after the show.
1	The worst impersonator with the worst personality.  Don't waste your time on this joke.
3	My beau is a huge Elvis fan and we spent most of our southwest road trip listening to Elvis Radio on Sirius XM, so of course we had to go see him when we got to Vegas. We got discount tickets from Tix4Tonight which was good because while the show was okay I think I would have been disappointed if we paid full price. Trent is fine. He was definitely off at the beginning--almost seemed tipsy. But it got better as the show went on. He's older, and was much more convincing as older (70s Vegas jumpsuit Elvis) than as the young King. We were among the youngest audience members (we are late 20s/early 30s) but one of the most fun parts was watching all the old ladies go wild. They sure love Trent.Make sure to check out the real outfits from the REAL Elvis on display in the LVH lobby!
2	Trent is a gift entertainer but the female dancer, must go.  She adds nothing to the show and in fact, takes away from Trent's amazing talent.  While she is a great dancer, it's not fit for this show.Trent - you need to be on iTunes!  What a waste of talent to not have your voice heard by many Elvis fans.  Get more active on social media, you deserve it.  The show would be over the top good if you get rid of the female dancer. Several people walked out of show and were mumbling about her dancing.  I will come back again and again, but not with the dancer.  Trent is the star, not her.  She isn't even a compliment to the music or show.
5	Elvis has not left the building, Elvis is Alive and he's smokin 'n smolderin hot at the ol LVH now named Westgate in the Shimmer Showroom. An early show that starts at 6:30 where drinks are not too high, unlike the Hard Rock's Venue. The showroom was easy access not a far walk through a crowded casino. I like a lot of the older Las Vegas showrooms that remind me of the days when I was young and saw live bands in small venues such as the Roxy, Whisky, Golden Bear, McCabes Guitar Shop,  Hong Kong, etc.. but LADIES.. leave the men at home or least in the back of the venue and tip or pay extra to be down front and come with a large group of female friends. Next time that is where I want to be with an extra pair of panties ready to scream, faint, cry and get that sweaty scarf! Guaranteed I will have a lot more fun because just like "The King" Brent Carlini is the real thing when it comes to eye candy, suave moves and a fabulous voice! Roaring " Glory Glory Hallelujah His Troops Go Marching On.." in his red and gold custom painted on jumpsuit and jet black hair was a purrrrfect ending song for the 4th of July... :P
5	Carlini puts on a great show. If you loved ElvisYou will love Carlini. This is as close to the kingYou will ever find.Bill Pulfer
4	GREAT show.  Small theater that brings me back to Vegas of Yester-Year.Very personable entertainer who does Elvis proud.I HIGHLY recommend this show.  Especially if you dropped a few hundy the night before on a Cirque-gig.
