3	I usually go to Regal Stonecrest Cinemas 22 because (a) I'm in the area shopping or dining already, (b) they offer movie options (including 3-D screenings) that other places don't, or (c) because they have so many theaters, they're showing the movie I want to see at the time I want to see it.   Other than that, I wouldn't go out of my way to go to this particular theater.  It's usually very crowded with teens who just like to "hang out" in the lobby or outside, the ticket lines move slowly, the automatic ticketing machine is usually broken and/or isn't set up to accept my Regal movies rewards card, their rewards program isn't that great, and the lobby (especially the snack counter) and theaters aren't as clean as they should be.  Regal could learn A LOT from AMC Theatres in many respects.
3	Big theater. The carpets are saturated with the smell of buttered popcorn and corn syrupy soda; however, the seats are good and comfortable.The popcorn leaves you disappointed. Even fresh it wasn't crisp and tasty. Bummer.The employees were friendly and worked fast.All in all it was a good movie experience and they offer lots of movies! They have 3-D movies too!
3	I've had good experiences with this theater, of course, my opinion must be swayed by the fact that I have yet to pay for a movie here.  Each time I've come (twice so far) it's been with a free pass for a screening.  The theater has always been clean, the seats always cushy and comfy, and I am quite satisfied with my kids pack combo - a small serving of popcorn and drink, with a fruit snack.  But you have to ask for it, it ain't on the menu.  Aaand I've only come during the week, they don't have the screenings on weekends usually.  So I haven't had to deal with ticket sellers, teenage crowds or anything else that gripes the other folks here.  So I'll give three stars now, and maybe I'll make it on a weekend just to see if that's all they get or if they deserve four.
4	Came to Regal Stonecrest to see Rifftrax Live - House On Haunted Hill. Rifftrax is the Mike Nelson-version of MST3K. Michael J. Nelson, Kevin Murphy and Bill Corbett - aka the more sarcastic comedic geniuses behind MST3K, are together to riff on this Vincent Price classic - perfect for Halloween! Not sure why there aren't rave reviews for this theater but I liked it a lot! Seats were super comfy; seat spacing ratio was more than adequate - no pesky people to get in the way of my view; sound was too low at first but quickly rectified & from then on was nice & loud but not too loud, like some theaters are tending to do nowadays The entire venue was pretty dark but I thought it added to the "movie theater" sense of the place. Ticket takers were nice & concession stand was nicely staffed.....I snuck in my snacks (shhh, don't tell!) but their stand looked pretty darn decent Wonderful movie, lots of laughing people & minimal talking during the flick! Yay! I'm a fan!
4	With the advent of Netflix (and other streaming sources, like Amazon and Hulu, not to mention your run-of-the-mill, uh, adult services), it's rare that we actually go out to a movie much.  So when we do, it's a bit of a treat.After picking up an actual treat at Kilwin's, just down the way, we scored a pair of passes to The Social Network, which was cool, because it meant we didn't have to pay to get in.  The only bad thing was that we had to go through security worse than an airport to actually get into the movie.While they didn't have any metal detectors, and they didn't pat you down, they actually made you (requested that you) removed all potential recording devices, which included cell phones.  Seriously?  The movie came out in two days.  Makes you think Mark Z. is behind this thing.Anyway, the review is about the theater, not about the movie.The theater itself is pretty decent.  Solid stadium seating, good amenities and nice bathrooms.  Prices, as usual, are outrageous.  But that's nothing new.  Wish they were cheaper, but that's why we usually stay home instead.  Don't have to deal with those prices or the other people making the experience worse for us.
4	In the land of big poppa movie theaters, Regal Stonecrest is pretty sweet.The positives:1) Lots of advanced screenings here, so if you can score passes, that's pretty sweet. Everyone loves free movies.2) A variety of flicks shown. 3D, dramas, new releases, comedy, etc. They've got the space thus they show a decent variety of movies!3) Comfy, spacious seats4) Pretty clean theaterThe negatives:1) Damn, movies are expensive.2) The popcorn was meh. Hubs is a popcorn fiend at movies, so I've also had my share of fresh popped movie popcorn. This was not very delicious.See you at the movies!
4	Although I live in Fort Mill, this is the closest and easiest movie theater to get to from my house.   We enter from behind Stonecrest, so we don't have to deal with the Rea Rd traffic entering the shopping center.Movies are expensive, but we rarely pay full price, and sometimes see movies for free (Fandango codes can be bought cheap and when used at Regal they count towards their Crown Club loyalty program).  We have earned "star status" so the free popcorn, sodas, and tickets are earned quickly.  On Monday they have $1 candy with paid admission, on Tuesday it's $1 popcorn with paid admission, and if you go to Regal's site on Facebook, they have been issuing a lot of concession coupons.I tend to stay away from this place on Friday and Saturday night - too many teenage offspring of South Charlotte/Ballantyne yuppies and the whole shopping center gets crowded.  It's nice to go during the week though, and there is no shortage of places to eat in the shopping center from Wendy's and Qdoba to Flying Biscuit and JoJo.I love that they have added IMAX but it is expensive at regular price.  Sure you can watch movies at your home on Blu-ray, but that doesn't compare to IMAX (the difference would be  like comparing VHS to Blu-ray).  The popcorn is also fresh and not brought in in bags like other theaters.  The concession stands had some bad sanitation grades a few years ago but over the last two years they have been good.  The theater is clean, comfy, easily  accesible, has alot of screens, including IMAX, and the presentations are high quality.  This is our theatre of choice for those reasons.
3	Oh, Stonecrest. You mecca of loud high school children, how I avoid you. But you can't blame the theater for all the chatting kids when you're trying to watch a movie, but it's one of the reasons I don't go here - rudest crowd in Charlotte!But the theater itself is good. Lots of parking (so packed Fri/Sat night, though!), lots of ticket kiosks, and lots of screens so what you want is always playing @ Stonecrest. They offer lots of 3D and IMAX options (you're going to have to pay though!) and plenty of staff to handle the rushes. The downside is how expensive it all is. Stonecrest is definitely one of higher priced theaters in Charlotte and I don't think it's warranted (it's in the rich section of town, I get it! They can charge what they want, people will still go, etc etc). I'll admit, though, I don't go see movies because of this. A date for 2 with drinks and a bucket of popcorn is $35 and for what? The loud 17 year olds who text behind you? I will go during the week for matinees in the future, but I think my days of Friday nights at the movies will never come back at this location!
3	One thing that sticks out to me for this theater is a color:  PURPLE.  Looks pretty normal on the outside, but when you go inside, it's like Barney exploded all over the place.  That paired along with the neon lights make it pretty unique... but almost spaceship-like inside when you are walking to the theaters.This is a decent theater to see a flick... the seats aren't the most comfortable, but what you are paying for is the screen.  Have not had the pleasure to experience an IMAX movie here since it got converted - sounds like the options to watch in 3D and IMAX can get pricey though from the fandango website.I actually used to work here when I was in highschool (summers)... so that pretty much ruined the concession stand for me.
4	I must admit I would probably never have gone to this theater if I hadn't had adv. screening passes for Thor. It looks very nice on the outside, and parking is spacious. The inside smells like the typical popcorn and sugar of most theaters and offers a nice surprise in being all purple and neon. The popcorn was pretty good since I was craving it at the time, but the soda was not very fizzy. Maybe they need to change it more often? The seats were quite comfortable and the floors and bathrooms were quite clean and well maintained so that's a plus. I'll have to see about going to watch an IMAX movie here sometime since it's one of the few theaters in Charlotte with that option!
4	As far as Big Time Cinemas go, this place is pretty nice. I came here for the Advanced Screening of Thor and even though I got stuck in the front seat for the showing, I didn't have that hard of a time getting comfortable or seeing the whole screen. Whoever planned out the viewing space needed for the theater, did a great job considering every seat.The Advanced Screenings they do sometimes can be poorly planned. They'll hand out too many vouchers and then you show up (I got a Pirates advanced pass from Heroes Aren't Hard to Find) and "Sorry, you thirty people aren't here an hour early so its sold out. Better luck next time". That sucked.Regardless, I'll definitely be back. The only thing I can think about to complain is the times! The Regal back in NY was better about catering to a later crowd. Some movies they'll have starting times as late as midnight but others, not so much.
4	The review of this theater is down the hall and to your left.This is usually the go to theater in Ballantyne as it has 22 theaters playing the latest releases, and is very crowded on the weekends.The theaters usually clean, and the staff has been very friendly when I have interacted with them.  The food is pricey, the large coke ($5.75) is steep, but it holds enough soda for me and the mrs. so I feel it is a good value.The ticket stand is usually packed, but does offer a kiosk on the right side, for those who choose not to wait in the line.On this adventure, we chose to watch "The Hangover II", so how could this be a bad experience.I am happy to spend my money at this location.NCFoodGuy
4	Went to see the final installment of Harry Potter yesterday... as usual, the place was pretty crowded. but we got there 30 minutes before our movie started and were able to find a parking spot, stop by the concession stand and find decent seats.  I would recommend that if you are coming to see a popular movie, do plan to arrive 20 - 30 minutes early.  Otherwise, you will not have your choice of seats. (On previous visits David and I have definitely gotten stuck sitting down front which is not my preference.)We both love popcorn, but the last couple of visits, I have not been thrilled with their popcorn. Can't quite put my finger on it, but the quality is just not very good.  (We don't get it doused in butter, and it seems to be a little dry - almost stale.)
4	It's not very often I'm willing to spend money on a movie in the theatre, so when I do go, I'm pretty picky about my movie theaters.  I've been to many that are much too small, some that have had uncomfortable seats, small screens, and projectionists that must be bordering on deaf.  Regal Stonecrest is the light at the end of the tunnel.This theater has a very new look to it, even today, and is incredibly spacious. From the atrium where you buy your tickets to the big, plush seats, you get the feeling you are flying in first class.  They are equipped with the most current trends, having 3D capabilites and an IMAX projector.  This is also one of the few locations that broadcasts special events, such as Metropolitan Opera performances.  There are few movies released that are not shown at Regal Stonecrest.My only criticism is the parking.  Yes, there are yards and yards of parking lots, but on Friday and Saturday nights, I've found myself parking on the far end of the shopping center and walking 15 minutes to get to the theater.  Popularity has its drawbacks, I suppose.  But the experience at Regal Stonecrest is enough that I'm usually willing to put up with the walking when I want to see a movie.
3	Overall, this is a good theatre with lots of current movie choices and times. It's pretty clean and up to date. However, it is always very crowded, with not much parking. Of course getting out of Stonecrest is already a hassle, factor in a bunch of people leaving a movie at the same time and it only adds to the wait.
3	Went to Regal @ Stonecrest last night and once again, they had icky popcorn.  David and I both love popcorn...but not here.   I've had better tasting popcorn at places like the Gin Mill (a bar which actually gives its popcorn away for FREE rather than charging exorbitant prices like Regal)!Come on guys, it can't be that difficult to make yummy tasting popcorn.  Maybe you should get some new machines, or buy new & better quality kernals or maybe you should make smaller batches more often and not have the stuff sitting around getting stale. Probably all of the above would help. So 'nuff said about the popcorn.  Now about the actual theatre. When we first walked in to find a seat, it was really hot & stuffy. Apparently, they were having issues with the heating & cooling system.  However, by the time the movie really got underway, the situation had improved considerably and by the middle of the movie, the temperature was completely fine.
3	I saw Young Adult last night (really enjoyed it by the way) at this theater and wasn't overly impressed.We were running a bit late and wanted to hop over to Chick Fil-A as we hadn't eaten dinner, but didn't want to lose our seats since we had tickets on the house. I asked if the theater was busy - "no, not really." Ok, do you think we have time to grab food quickly? - "you may, or may not" ....well that explained a lot. We took our chances and were still able to get a seat (luckily), but I will say a little smile and decisiveness go a long way. Parking was a beast, I would hate to see what that place will look like on a weekend or Christmas Eve. Seats were VERY comfy - loved the head-rest! So that earned them a star alone. The temp was a little hot- they had some sort of heating malfunction, but I think they corrected it rather quickly as I was comfortable temp- wise for most of the movie. As this is a bit of a drive for me, I wouldn't go again unless I had a free pass as I did this time.
4	I would say that this is my second favorite theater in Charlotte.  Since I attended here last night for an advanced screening for Mission Impossible 4, I thought I'd write a review, even though I have been coming here since high school.The theater is nice.  The Imax was amazing, and the seats were very comfortable.  I always love theaters that also give you an option to put the arm rest up as well.  With their concession selection, it seems that they offer a lot.  I usually do not buy from there, but I did notice a lot of the candy.I felt that the staff could present themselves a little better at times.  I feel that maybe they should not be slouching over the counter talking to each other if there are customers walking about.  And the ticket handler could have at least directed us with a smile, or at least to which direction our theater was.The parking is a little horrible.  It's frustrating to go on the weekends.  Sometimes I have seen cars on the grass making a parking spot for themselves.  I think if they could improve on this, they might get a lot more business.But all in all, I would recommend people to use this movie theater if they are near by.
4	Nice comfy seats, and nice IMAX screen. I came here for a screening for Mission Impossible 4, and was it awesome. This was one of my first IMAX screenings that I have gone to and this movie was definitely the one to watch. This theater is also the one to watch it at, it's quiet and plus all the restaurants are surrounding it making it easy to go to after a movie.The staff here, I hardly ever see because I don't go buy things at the counter. If I had to choose something wrong with their theater is that their parking and the way the traffic movies in this theater isn't that great. They only have 2 streets coming in and out and if you can think of a big movie release, there is going to be a big traffic jam there.Other than that, great place to watch a movie.
5	No Charm!  Not an Architectural wonder and it is the most expensive place in South Charlotte to see a Movie.  Still this is where I have seen more movies than all Charlotte Theaters combined.  What it lacks in Charm and Aesthetic appeal it makes up for in roomy comfortable seats, "Tech" (my favorite sound system) and best looking + well behaved Patrons!This is where I saw the "New" one Directed by David Fincher with music by Trent Reznor!  Who stared in it?  Who Cares!  It was directed by David Fincher with Music by Trent Reznor!!!! !  That is what you need to know!  I'll probably also see here The New Guy Ritchie Film here too!  The title is something about Sherlock Holmes, though all you need to know is Guy Ritchie Directed it!When you are in the dark with a bunch of strangers this is where I chose to be most of the time!12-7-2013OLD BOY and the Main EVENT Venue of the OLD BOY Reunion Charlotte!
3	Another average-to-poor experience at Regal Stonecrest.  I went to the theater on a busy Sunday afternoon (this theater is ALWAYS busy because of its size and location).  There was ONE person working at the ticket counter...for the theater with 20+ screens.  Seriously?  Can they not afford to pay someone minimum wage to work on weekends, the BUSIEST times for movie-going?   It also didn't help that the young girl behind the counter was flirting with the teenage boys at the front of the line for 5 minutes.  Once I was finally inside, I'm always disappointed at the grungy appearance of the lobby, hallways, and bathrooms.  This place is in need of a serious makeover.  I look forward to the lights going down in the theater so I don't have to look at anything but the movie screen.
3	Well I never visited this theater because it was an architectural marvel. I mainly visit because its close to my house. I recently visited on Wednesday January 25th to see the new Sherlock Holmes movie. My wife & I went for a 1:30pm show & the parking lot was pretty empty. We got our ticket from a girl who looked like she was well protected behind 2+ inches of bulletproof glass. We gave our tickets to an older gentleman manning the entrance. He told us where our theater was located & we meandered our way to it. The warren inside that theater brings to mind peep show theaters where newspapers rustle during the feature film.Our theater was empty when we entered but we were joined by another couple, Fortunately the girl didn't text throughout the movie. The movie was great. The seating was uncomfortable. Whoever designed their seats must also design airplane seats. Will I go there again? Well of course since its near my house...
4	i've seen many a classic here.well....classic may be a stretch, but some goldies for sure. must say, i'm much more of an AMC Theater myself, but Regal brings  some good things to the cinema table. i'm a fan of having multiple kiosks for self service tickets. i'm way faster than the high school kids behind the glass. you know who you are....must say, as would any self-respecting north american, that the prices for concession items are bogus. it's a slushie, folks. it had better have crushed up diamonds in it if you're going to charge $7.50 for it.....nice and clean. LOVE LOVE LOVE the xlerator hand dryers in the bathrooms. they're definitely out to make sure you don't miss the good action scenes. staff is always hit or miss. you don't have to smile when you tell me which theatre i'll be viewing the latest harry potter movie in, but you could at least fake it. A little one?all in all, it's close to home, easy to get tickets and parking isn't an issue if you're smart enough to show up BEFORE the 7pm showing on a friday. thanks, regal. you've won a small piece of my movie-loving heart.
5	IMAX is the best. We watched Mission Impossible 3 on IMAX and it was incredible!! Fresh popcorn and snacks. Very clean bathrooms. Highly recommend
3	On Fandango this shows up as Regal Stonecrest at Piper Glen.  I liked the theater just fine but they have the toughest, chewiest popcorn I've ever had.  I asked for a refill because I thought it was just stale.  Nope!  It's the corn...
4	I can't give a full review because I literally ran in the door, and then ran to my theater. I got a free ticket to a movie screening and the place looked super nice. One thing I can say is that the girl taking the tickets at the front was awesome. My boyfriend had ran in without me while I parked the car and he had my ticket. You know that most places are crazy about letting you in past the golden gates if you have no ticket. The actual theater was set up auditorium style so that was nice. I enjoyed it, it was a drive to get to so I don't know how often I'll go, but nice all the same. Oh, one thing to mention... if you drive in the plaza it is allll the way to the right. I drove all over that parking lot looking for it till it dawned on me that it was probably at the other end. DOH'
2	They got me good.  I wanted to catch Hugo on the big screen before it went the way of DVD only, and I was happy to see it available (for the "kiddies") for $1, so off I went.  I mistakenly thought since these movies were aimed at the kids, they'd have popcorn & drink specials, too, and didn't pay too much attention to the price and got my usual small drink and small popcorn.  Whoa..$10.75?!  Seriously?  I don't know that I've ever paid those prices before anywhere!  And do I really need a half-gallon of soda as a small?  I was grateful that I didn't have the family with me after all.I loved the movie, mostly for the art, scenery and storyline.  But as much as they touted on the screen how awesome it is to see and hear movies at the theater, on a big screen, the sound wasn't as HD as I've heard before.  I don't like to complain too much because after all I DID get my wish to see Hugo (unfortunately missed the 3D version) on the big screen. But the outrageous concession prices put a damper on the overall experience.
4	Best place to see a movie in SE Charlotte.  Prices are, well, high across the board.  Staff have always been nice.  Clean, safe facility for families.
2	So i have a early screening for SAVAGES. but there were 3movies at 1 time. The old people had all of the seats and the manager gave this lady an extra seat just cost she is old. The person i was with was Disable (but doesnt look it) she made NO accomidations for me. And it was out in the waiting area
4	In my opinion its the seats that make a good theater! You just paid well over $10 in some cases to sit down in one seat for at least 2 hours....I mean let's be honest...we already know the ticket prices are outrageous, the food is going to be overpriced, there is going to be that one person who "forgets" to turn off their ringer....ughHowever, I think that this location has some really roomy and comfortable seats! They rock back and even give nice cushion support! For a brief moment, I almost forgot I was in the theater! The bathroom were clean, not great but clean enough to use...the popcorn was hot, we got lucky and a fresh batch had just been prepared...yes!!!Overall, this makes for a really good experience...I enjoyed it and will definitely be back to enjoy another film!
5	I came here to premiere the new Tom Cruise movie Jack Reacher which was a Yelp Event.  This was my first event and therefore I was really excited and I think they picked the perfect cinema to premiere it in.  It's located off of Rea Road inside of a shopping center which houses Harris Teeter, Dean & Deluca, along with other speciality stores.  Plenty of parking and it's clean (even in the bathrooms...I always try to go before the movie comes on...I know I'm not the only one...lol).  After we were legally robbed at the concession stand; a medium popcorn and drink for $12.75...wow times have changed; then we gave our tickets and started inside.  I liked that the seats were big and comfortable with an added head rest and that you had the option to let the arms up and down.  The major plus was that the arms were long enough that once you placed your drink in the cupholder, your arm wasn't right up on it.  I'm 5'8" and my bf is 6' and we both seemed to have enough room, but the guy sitting next to us was 6'7" and you can tell he was a little uncomfortable (not too much where he couldn't enjoy the movie but enough...he said that this was one thing that he was used to though).  Nice size screen and a great surround sound.  I can't wait to come and see a 3D movie here!
4	A gem in South CLT for pop culture. Sure, no artsy flicks get shown here. But seats are comfy, parking easy (except for weekend nights), and plenty of food choices before/after flick.
3	Shoot me if I ever come back here! Now, I'll calm down and be realistic.  I hate being surrounded by big crowds, and especially when I'm at the movies.  This place is always packed to the gills, and it's a kids heaven, with arcades, etc. so that's a doubly good reason to avoid it if you're me.  But if those kinds of things don't bother you, then this is a great theater.  It's huge, so the selection is vast, it's got IMAX so you can see the movies in the best format if they're in IMAX, etc.  Some of the theaters are smaller, so try to see the big action flicks on the bigger screens.Anyway, a good all around theater, but I'll stick to Phillips Place, maybe I'm starting to get older than I think?
4	This used to be my favorite theater because it seemed clean and large enough to house a lot of people during midnight premieres. That was until a few months ago. I saw the Hunger Games midnight premiere here in March when a cockroach randomly landed on my arm during the movie. The same thing happened to one of my friends on a different occasion. I also have several friends who work here and have told me that the place is full of bugs. This doesn't really bother me because I figure all theaters are going to have this problem, but the roach falling on me during a movie was definitely not the most pleasant thing ever. You have been forewarned.I came here last night with some friends to see the 8:40 showing of Les Miserables (really good, go see it) and the parking lot was PACKED. I'm not overemphasizing here. Cars were parked up on sidewalks and randomly paralleled into the aisles of the parking lot where there weren't any real spaces. People were backing in and out and roaring through the parking lot and hitting each other. It was a total nightmare. I ended up parking in front of Ulta. Luckily my friends and I had bought our tickets beforehand, so we didn't have to wait in line. The movie was in the first theater, which is the biggest. The inside of the theater was packed as well (which is to be expected on a Friday night). With two major films out (The Hobbit and Les Mis), I probably should've been prepared for the Friday night crowds. Still, it was insane. The ticket prices are about the same as all of the other theaters, as are the food prices. The seats are super comfy and the seating is tiered, so you can actually see over people's heads. Other than the occasional cell phone obsessed person, I've never had any real issues here. It's pretty much your slightly-above-average theater. I still prefer Phillip's Place though.
2	Need to clean the theater and keep 4 year olds out of PG-13 movies.  I didn't pay $11 to got to a daycare.
5	I enjoy going to this theater. It is clean and has nice seating. I also love Regal theaters and the rewards. I guess the only bad part is that the parking gets pretty bad on busy weekend nights. People end up parking in the grass or in non-existent parking spaces.
5	My mom, aunt, cousin, and I went for an advanced screening of Olympus Has Fallen 3/12/13...they always overbook the advance screenings, and I've always been early enough that I got a great seat, but even an hour early, the line was out the door. Needless to say, we didn't get in to see it. Even though we were a little disappointed, it was okay...it was free, and we would've been happy spending a little more time shopping on out girls' night out. To our surprise, the theater offered everyone that had a pass to the screening and didn't get in a free ticket to the movie of their choice! I'm not sure if this is common practice for advanced screenings or not, but I thought that was really cool of them! Thanks Regal! :)However, they were a little short-staffed for the evenings turnout...like I said, it was free, so I'm not complaining, but felt a little bad for the employees who were bombarded with customers.
3	Overall the theatre is OK. It could likley benefit from an update. No major complaints.
3	Based on my feedback to corporate, I received an apologetic email, letter, and 2 movie passes.  I'm still not in a hurry to return, but probably will at some point.
3	I remember when this theater first opened so very long ago... When I was in High School we always went to the AMC on South Blvd and it was nice and fairly new and had the big theaters etc. Then Regal Stonecrest opened and we were all enthralled by it and it's newness.  I came here Sunday night (4/14/13) for the first time in a long LONG time. It's looking pretty darn run down!! I don't come here very often because it is teeny bopper heaven and on the weekends it's jam packed and you end up having to park at the Harris Teeter sometimes.  I'd rather drive uptown or go to the Cinebarre since they have age restrictions.  I'm just not a fan of parents dropping their 11-17 years old's off while the rest of us have to deal with their behavior. I'm probably sounding like an old fuddy duddy but it's just annoying and rude.Anyways rant over back to my review... this theater needs some updating. The seats are worn down, and it's just starting to look aged. There's nothing really inherently wrong with it though. It's a decent theater with the usual prices. I choose the Cinebarre because less people go there, they don't allow unattended teens, and I can grab a drink lol.  One major gripe about this place was the cleanliness. I know movie theaters hire teenagers but it was pretty gross. You could tell the theater we were in hadn't been cleaned all day. We got there early and the previous showing had just ended and the credits were rolling and we watched the people leave and no one came to clean in between the showings. We went in and there was stuff everywhere, still no one came in and cleaned up (we waited awhile before going in).  So while I will surely be back again at some point, when push comes to shove I will choose other theaters first. So I give it three stars although if I'm honest I'd rather give it 2 1/2.
4	Great movie place. Parking is a bust, but its in a great part of town so its not that big of a deal. I will be back very soon.
2	I don't often watch movies in the theater, but I've been to three movies in the last month at three different theaters in the area. Regal Stonecrest was my least favorite. It was my first movie at this venue and it will be my last.Here are my complains in order of importance:1) A staff member entered the room during the movie and started moving something (a trashcan?) and made noise. After a few of us gave him a sharp look, he left.2) The four member cleanup crew walked into the room before the movie ended and just stood there looking at their phones and us like they were annoyed with us for not, i don't know, fast forwarding to the credits so they could start?3) The whole place seemed grimy and dated. My buddy wanted Twizzlers but Red Vines were the item on sale. Too cheap to buy premium concessions? In the Ballantyne area? This place must be getting crushed by the local competition.4) There was only 1 hand dryer in the men's room near theater 8... and it was at kids height.On the upside, my Star Trek ticket was $9.50 which is $3.00 cheaper than my Iron Man 3 ticket at AMC Carolina Pavilion 22 on 5/12. Next time, I'll pay the extra $3.00.
5	The only movie house in charlotte I will go to. The people are up to par. and, there is very little riff raff.
4	Comfortable seats in a good-sized cinema. Concession stand prices are high, which shouldn't be a spoiler to anyone that's been to a movie in the last two decades. Stadium seating so that you're not stuck staring into the back of the head of the person in front of you instead of the movie screen. Seats move a little forward and back, plus the armrest (which has a cup holder) folds back.
4	Close to my home.  Accepts discount Costco tickets for Regal.  Good concession variety and is clean.Please get rid of old coffee bar!! It is an eyesore!
2	Took the little ones for a 2:00 showing on a HOT day.  This theater has some age on it, but we're not that far away and didn't feel like driving all the way to Phillips Place or Ayrsley.  Next time I'll make the drive.We did the Fandango thing since I'm not one for waiting in lines, especially with the little ones.  Concessions were overpriced, but that's to be expected.  The theater was well air conditioned and the seat were pretty comfortable.Let me tell you though, the floors of the theater were NASTY.  This was a 2:00 show so it hasn't been open that long, but there was crap everywhere!  Popcorn over the floor, gummy bears everywhere.  Warning to all.....don't wear flip flops or else you will need a good steam cleaning upon exiting the place.  They have people that clean and sweep after each movie, but maybe they took a day off?  I don't know but I had a hard time scraping the gummy bear off the bottom of my shoe.  I also fault nasty people but that's for another forum.We also visited the bathrooms and it reeked of cigarette smoke and it was unclean.  I don't get it, there seemed to be plenty of staff there, but obviously their job wasn't to clean.  They did do a good job of not smiling and not being welcoming though.Upon leaving I remembered why I haven't been here in so long......
4	They could do a better job cleaning the floor but otherwise its a standard Regal which is my preferred movie theater.  great location with tons of before or after dinner options.
4	Regal is our theater of choice when we go to see the movies. Not because we have enough gift cards to cover us...forever...but because they have an awesome rewards program. I've gotten so many free movie tickets and popcorn from the Regal Crown Club Card. Also did you know they do half priced candy on Mondays, and something with popcorn on Tuesdays? The only minor complaint is that there is someone who sits near me in just about every movie that is obnoxious. Talking or kicking my seat, mostly talking...I know there's not a whole lot they can do about it, but if someone would drop in every like 30 minutes and just tell people to hush, I think it would help the situation.
3	Yeah, this place is all right.  It's pretty popular and looks nice on the outside, but inside looks a little dated.  The seats are comfortable enough in the theater.  I was pretty disappointed in the popcorn we ordered - it was a little salty and barely had any butter on it.  It did not help that people were incredibly rude there (fellow patrons, not the staff - people just cut in line right in front of us).  Also, the line was almost out the door and they only had one person working the ticket booth.  I don't know, for the price it just seems to be mediocre.  If you live in the south part of Charlotte, it's probably convenient, but I'm not sure I would hit this location again unless I'm dying to see something in the IMAX.
2	I always go to the movies and this is by far one of the worst. When you look down there is popcorn and other delightful encounters! While I ordered my drink and popcorn I noticed a pile of ice cubes slowly melting RIGHT on the counter in front of me! If they weren't apart of Regal Theaters, I think they'd be out of business honestly. The only good thing about this specific theater is that the chairs are pretty comfortable, but in all.. that's it. If you ever make the choice between Regal at StoneCrest or at another establishment, pick the other place.Oh and don't get me started on the price!! $31 for 3 people! Adults!
2	Been sitting at the bar for 15 minutes, seen 15 servers walk past me..all avoiding eye contact. Hope I can get a water before the movie starts. Not a great atmosphere for a date night. Too bad, this place has potential if they could keep it clean and hire friendly staff.
2	I have come here for many years and have typically been pleased with the experience. In the past few months, something has changed.  The theaters have been filthy... trash bins overflowing on the floor.... the carpets dirty... the theaters mostly uncleaned between shows with food and wrappers on the floor... the concessions generally empty and in disarray.  Its unfortunate since it is so convenient.  I think in the future I will try other theaters.
3	Nice theater with an amazing 25 shows available.  Seats are comfortable but do not recline.Be preparaed for the loud, really loud volume.  One of the guys I went with actually brought ear plugs as he had been here before.  I wear hearing aids, so took mine off and it was still blaring.Don't worry if you are late for the show.  There are at least 10 - 15 minutes of previews to beat your ear drums.  Employees are very nice, courteous and efficient.  Adjacent is the City Tavern, an excellent bar and restaurant for doing a dinner and show date.
3	Not a bad theater, but the ticket prices are quite a bit more than I'm accustomed too. I bought a matinee ticket that was $10. I didn't dare walk near the snack bar as I'd probably have to take out a loan to snag some gummy bears. The theater wasn't bad inside, though. Lots of posters and stand ups which were fun to check out before the film started.
2	Employees seemed nice, however the imax was not worth it. The theater was normal and it felt like they just threw on the imax sticker for the extra bucks. Will not be returning unless they renovate the imax. Edit: Way too many loud high school kids.
4	Fight night!!!!!!   great auditorium for movies.  and on this occasion...the fights.
4	I'm not a huge movie goer so here ya go... Now I am not going to criticize the parking on a Friday night... That is part of going to the movies! Nor am I going to criticize the crazy snack/drink prices... That is part of going to the movies! Nor will I criticize the nasty sticky floors... Because yes, that is what you experience at the movies! These things will not negatively impact my review on Regal, as they're attributes of all movie theaters.Never have problems getting tickets, snacks, and the viewing experiences are almost always really good. Only time I was disappointed was Jurassic Park in IMAX, sound was not loud enough.Overall it's a pretty good movie theater with a few minor things that could be improved.
4	Not bad as theaters go. Enjoy the larger theaters and stadium seating compared to many other places in town. The 3D IMAX is pricey but can be worth it depending on the movie.We always use Fandango when getting tickets for this theater in case it sells out. Easy pickup inside the front door.
4	This theater does a great job of providing you with a safe and clean place to enjoy a movie.  It also has the option of choosing an IMAX movie for $20 per ticket but still... There are a ton of theaters and choices for movies.  You may be upset with the movie you see but you won't be the theater that ruins your time.  Enjoy!-Ian M.
2	Not a fan of a theater that brings an usher into the theater at the request of an old lady hell bent on eliminating cell phone usage on earth, to monitor my cell phone usage. I have children and if I need to check email/text messages while in a theater, get the F over it!!!!! But you got played hater of things that don't revolve around you lady, b/c I checked my phone and laughed every time you got up, missed the movie and glared at me. Next time book your movie on the moon where cell reception is limited but how will you dim the sun? Sorry Regal but I don't have these problems at Cinnebarr.
3	I wasn't very pleased with my previous experience here. I was just chillaxin and watching my movie then I found RAT POOP in my popcorn. But on the bright side the staff is very friendly and stuff. GET A CANDY OR DRINK, NOT POPCORN
4	There's not really anything to dislike about this place (as long as you're pretty much expecting a huge theater).  It's enormous, parking lot is more than adequate, plenty of movies to choose from (and tons of optional start times for the popular ones).  Plus at the end of the show, they brought in the calvary (like 5 people!) to help clean the theater. Not sure about the food, but I'm sure that the popcorn tastes perfectly buttery and the coco-cola can be supersized.  Please turn your phone off and enjoy the show!
4	Been coming here since Nam (high school). No complaints here. Always clean, standard movie prices, standard teenage service, crowded during peak times, POPCORN. My only question...what the hell is Red Vines? Where are my Twizzlers?Tip: beat the line and use the ticket purchasing kiosk when you enter to the left.
4	I think Manchester is better. But, its ok.
