5	Having been raised to do my own brakes and tunes ups, I was happy to find a place which actually told me what I already knew.  I had been to multiple places to get quotes for a brake job, but found every other place quoted work and parts I knew I didn't need.  I was on my home from the dog park (just right down the road and within walking distance) when I spotted the sign. The manager Ernie was polite and knowledgeable and honest.  He had my truck up and under inspection within minutes and even allowed my dogs to rest in the lobby while they did the estimate.  It came back well under everyone else and was right on the money with what I knew I needed.  I was so glad I didn't have to spend the rest of my afternoon doing it myself had them do the brakes right there and then.My dogs loved the extra hour and half at the dog park, and I loved not having to do my own brakes again! It was a win win!
5	This place is excellent.  I appreciated Ernie's honesty and speed.  I was in and out of there FAST!  One of the fastest oil changes I've ever had.  And they didn't try to upsell me more services.  Just a great service shop.  Thank You.
5	Great place to take your car for brake service. Friendly staff. Work is done in a very timely manner. I use to take my car to the Brake Masters on Craig, but opted for this location due to the Yelp ratings, the closer location (to me) and my being familiar with the name.The parts have a lifetime warranty.Great service all around.
5	Honest, fast and friendly.  I'm so glad I found this place.  I originally went there on a recommendation from Discount Tires down the road and was very satisfied.
5	This is why I will always recommend this location. Ernie at break masters is top-notch. I brought my car in a year after my initial visit to have my rear brakes serviced. Ernie let me know that I had not needed service, rather than doing the work and charging me. No work was necessary. Honesty and ethics will always receive my loyalty.
5	Just had break job and oil change and it was done quickly and professionally.  Very impressed with the overall experience and I will refer all of my friends and coworkers to these guys from now on.  Thanks again to all at Brake Masters.
5	Add me to the list of fans.  Ernie and his mechanic checked out my brakes, fixed a minor issue the previous mechanic had messed up, and refused payment.  "Come see me in six months."   How awesome is that? I WILL be back when I DO need brake work!
5	It's one thing to read rave reviews about a business or someone. But it definitely is another thing to experience it first hand! Today I got to experience how great Ernie truly is.The yelpers before me have mentioned it before and I'll mention it again. Ernie and his team are one honest team of professionals. When I visited with him yesterday after reading the reviews here, he recommended that he took a look at what I needed for my car so he asked me to return early today so he could get me in the shop. He gave me best and worst case scenarios yesterday and today, after he got a look, he and his team got me in the best case scenario and save me hundreds of dollars!His business principle of doing the right thing and just being plain honest will continue to give him this kind of success. I am telling people I know to consider him when needing brake service or any service for that matter. Thanks, Ernie. I wish you continued success, and your professionalism and honesty will take you very far in your personal and professional life. Thank you so much!
5	I can't rave about this place enough. Ernie is to the point and honest. Tell him what ails your vehicle and his team will find the problem and tell you the solutions.
5	I hate going to get my oil changed but I have to give these guys five stars! They were fast nice and good price. 50 bucks for my oil change which usually I pay 65 at honda and the wait is so much longer. He also gave me a list of things to have done when my car reaches 65000 and told me my tires are showing signs of cracking. didn't try to up sell me anything which I like that a lot
5	This is why I will always recommend this location. Ernie at break masters is top-notch. I brought my car in a year after my initial visit to have my rear brakes serviced. Ernie let me know that I had not needed service, rather than doing the work and charging me. No work was necessary. Honesty and ethics will always receive my loyalty.
5	Honest, great and fast service. I'm a woman so always skeptical of being overcharged but Ernie and his mechanics are awesome. Traveled far Bc of the ratings and it was worth it. Thanks for repairing brakes, oil leakage and oil change.
5	Ernie is straight shooter! Great service, and fast! Definitely coming back! A rare commodity in this town to have both!
5	Service here was excellent, quick, and friendly. Ernie was extremely friendly. I came in the get my lag bolts changed out on one of my tired because it was cross threaded. Ernie made the experience really enjoyable while I waited. This was my first visit and it will not be the last.
