3	I came here with a large group of coworkers on a weeknight.  There was only one other table of diners the entire time we were there--this was my first time at Khalil's, so I don't know if this was typical, or because it was a rainy Tuesday night.The waitresses were very nice and patient with us, even though we took a long time in deciding what to order.  They brought out wines that weren't listed on the menu and told us about them, without being pushy.  We really admired the gold teapots and glass teacups that came with the chai and orange rose teas we ordered, though the teas were a bit too sweet.  The hummus appetizer we ordered was great.  The chef also sent medamas (pureed fava beans) and the baba ganouge to our table, on the house, and they were also delicious.  I liked the salad that came with my dinner (you can also just order entrees a la carte, without rice and salad), though there was too much dressing.  Some of my co-workers didn't care for the dressing--if I'm not mistaken, it had dill in it, so it was a bit different.I was a little disappointed with my falafel entree.  It was dry and seemed like it was fried a little too long.  I did really like the rice that I ordered with the falafel, though.  A lot of my co-workers, however, ordered the kabobs and were really happy.  The chef sent another dish to the table on the house, something that's not the menu yet but that they're thinking about adding.  Can't recall the name of the dish, but it had potato and wheat in it and was molded into the shape of a loaf/cake, and was pretty delicious.  With so much food, we didn't have room for any of the desserts.The decor is pretty nice, with wall tapestries and the colorful tablecloths. It's a shame that it was raining the night we came--the restaurant had a neat-looking patio area.  Despite the falafel, I was really happy with the meal, especially the great service we got and the appetizers.  The chef even came to the table to say hi and came out again as we were leaving the restaurant to say good night.
4	We are frequent diners an have been for ten years.  For two people, try the "feast" and split it -- a great way to sample all the good stuff.  The rice is always very satisfying -- but the shrimp is hit and miss, often over done.  Still, we keep going back.  Love the soups and salad.
3	I am not from Pittsburgh but was here on business.  I had a craving for middle eastern food.  When I asked at the hotel, they couldn't think of any place. This restaurant was only .3 miles away, surprisingly, the hotel staff didnt know of it.Called in a take out order. When I went in to pick it up, the family invited me in to wait with them.  I was introduced to the owner and his daughter, who seems to be the manager.  Her daughter is the server. They were very friendly, asked where I was from, etc. I got a very good vibe from them.  The hummus and Baba-Ganoush were delicious and came with a large amount of nice thin pitas. The Kefka (sp?) dinner came with a large salad and rice pilaf.  The salad was just okay.  The rice was very good. The Kefka itself was a little on the bland side. Not bad, not great.I plan to go back and try a few other things on the menu.  Given the authenticity and warmth of the owners I want to give this place another shot.
4	I was really craving some Middle Eastern food.  I moved to Pittsburgh from Brooklyn and was having a hard time adjusting to a lack of cultural cuisine until I found Khalil's.  It is a mom and pop place, kind of a hole in the wall, but has fun, if shabby, decor like Nights of Arabia, but the silly ambience makes it more fun in my opinion.  The food was really good, authentic tasting. I have spent significant time in Egypt and Jordan and can vouch for the authenticity of the flavors.  I had the Feast which is more than enough food for 2 people- pita, hummus, salad (with a ton of fresh feta), dolmas, lentil soup, shrimp, kofta, lamb and chicken kabobs over rice with roasted pine nuts, and a dessert (baklava).  The total bill with wine and beer was $48 and we had a to go bag.  The waitresses were also very friendly and the food came out quickly.   I can't wait to go back to this place
4	My second time at Khalil's was just as delicious as my first! The food is excellent. The staff is friendly, professional, with prompt service. We ordered the mezza platter, a dish with samples of bubba ganooj, hummus, feta, and other tasty items, all artfully aranged on a large platter. It could almost be a meal in itself. Delectable, and a real value at only $12. Next,  I had the chiken/lamb kabbob a la carte, because i didn't want to overstuff myself. The lamb was very good, and the chicken was excellent. Even though it was not ordered as a meal, the kabbobs came out on a nice bed of greens which gave a great presentation, also it rounded out the meal nicely. We had beer, but should you want anything else, there is a full service bar there, as well as coffe, tea etc... I would definately recommend Khalil's to someone looking for something different in the burgh. I always forget about this place, and am reminded that I need to work it into my regular rounds... the decor is a little dated, and definately not upscale, but I'll take friendly mom and pop over upscale snobbishnes any day, especially when the food is this good! I'll be back soon!
