1	Nevada Orthopedic and Spine is HORRID.  I went to the Stephanie office with my elderly mother who needs a shot in her knee of gel to help her walk.  The first shot went alright, but as we came 6 months later to get the second shot, in both knees, the process was just horrible.  We have been waiting for more than a month to have them get the shot for her, she has 2 insurance companies, and still no return calls.  The assistant to Dr. Kestrup Mabel, is rude, as well as condescending to me and my mother, and the other assistant to Dr. Kestrup is Cynthia who does not ever call us back. The patient advocate is not a patient advocate, because she doesn't call you back either.  The office is huge, and has a large number of doctors, who I believe are not worried about the patient, but worried about how much money they can get.  If you are looking for an Orthopedic doctor, do not, I repeat do not go to Nevada Orthopedic and spine, they are HORRID. I have called the office over 10 times, and left messages, and no answer.  They are not interested in patient care, but the bottom line.
1	Completely awful experience! My appointment was for 9:30. My husband and I arrived at 9:20. After giving my name I waited about thirty minutes for a check in and it was not until 11:30 that we saw Dr. Rimoldi. Anyone considering to go see him, DON'T!!! He shouts at you, asks you questions, while you respond he cuts you off, and never even gave me the opportunity to ask any questions. He used the same scripted talk with me as well as the person before me. We could hear everything he told the person prior to me and then heard it again when he yelled it at us. I highly suggest nobody go see him. I definitely would never even allow him to give me a shot let alone a serious surgery.
1	I really liked my surgeon and his staff... at first. The doctor seemed competent and friendly, the head medical assistant was helpful and efficient. BUT... It is now a little over a year since my first surgery by Dr Nevins. Any glimpses of professionalism, empathy, or honesty, that this medical office once possessed, has now vanished from existence. Any traces of "quality customer service" literally goes down hill on a hourly basis. His back office staff is quite possibly the rudest, most inappropriate, uneducated, and unprofessional, medical assistants I have ever met. His surgery scheduler/medical assistant should be fired. She doesn't know anything about medicine, (especially orthopedics), and hears only what she chooses to hear. A few weeks ago I attempted to leave a phone message for the doctor. I had a medical problem that was related to one of my past surgeries with him. While trying to explain my problem to the girl on the phone, she actually told me to stop talking!! After politely listening to her, I asked her if I could speak, and she told me no~ that she already listened to me, and didn't want to hear it again. When I told her that I thought she was being rude, she proceeded to get very nasty and argumentative with me. I politely asked to speak to with her supervisor, and was told that she wasn't there. When I asked a second time, she stated that she would give my message to every manager in their office if that would shut me up. She then had the audacity to hang up on me!! This medical assistant has told me that she has 20 years experience... (in what I'm not sure)... but it is obviously not in manners or in medicine. I had a serious medical problem that she probably never relayed to the doctor. Until there is an MD behind her name, she needs to refrain from trying to diagnose patients!! Someday, she will again give incorrect medical advice to another patient. Because of that, they will end up either seriously ill or deceased. Fingers crossed that she will be fired before that happens...  (Thankfully they seem to have a high employee turnover rate... I'll leave it at that, lol.)Lastly, my surgeon... Dr Nevins replaced both of my hips last year in two different surgeries. I didn't like the fact that while in the hospital he did not "check-up" or talk to me after either of my surgeries. (Another Dr from his practice saw me once.) Compared to my primary care doctor, Dr Sang Tran (whom I adore)... I have been left with the disappointing conclusion that I am only an insurance payment to him...Long wait to get an appointment. Longer wait to have surgery. Even longer wait to talk to anyone with an IQ above 50. (And that includes the doctor.)
3	Get ready to wait! This place is busy and you will be waiting for a while until you see the doctor. Then you will sit in the exam room and wait some more.I suggest you make your appointment first thing in the morning or you can forget about finding a parking spot. Some visits I could not even find a place to park, so I just left. Other than the fact that it is difficult to find a parking spot and you have to wait forever, the staff has always been nice and so have the doctors.I had to go hear because of an injury I sustained to my knee. The doctor I went to see was Dr. Kim. I needed to get surgery to repair my knee so Dr. Kim performed my knee surgery. I guess he did a good job because my knee feels better. My knee feels better than before my injury but it will never be the same. I still can't walk up or down stairs with out pain. Dr. Kim said he did everything he could do. I think I am going to go see another surgeon and get a second opinion. I feel like they just want to get you in and out there so they can get make money and move on to the next patient. Las Vegas is just a bad place to get any type of medical attention.
5	I had a great first experience at the spine center from the fast check in to the excellent care I received from Dr. Lee and his support staff. My appt was yesterday, got my MRI today, and will get my results tomorrow.and discus my options. Kudos to nurse Denise who gave out lots of TLC.
5	Very clean office, great staff.  Dr's are great.  I have read how Dr Rimoldi doesn't spend time with patients and is uncaring, but for me this was untrue.  I needed surgery, we knew it, we did it and i feel so much better
5	Honestly, I was a bit nervous after reading several negative reviews that this place would be a nightmare but I, in fact, was nicely surprised.***getting an appt is not the easiest thing to do,they are booked a good 3 weeks out***The office is VERY busy, however they had a large staff working so they seemed to be keeping up with patients fairly well.The paperwork required is lengthy so if you haven't filled it out at home prior to your appt, plan for 30mins before your appt to get it done. I received mine in the mail and both filled it out and dropped it off the Friday BEFORE my appt along with insurance card to ensure no paperwork issues. *Because they are very busy, I would recommend doing this if possible.I was prompt and was called to the desk with 10 mins of my arrival. After being processed and paying. I waited another 10 mins before being brought back to Dr. Yu.  The staff was pleasant enough and worked quickly.  I had basic vitals and X-rays done within 10-15 mins of being brought to the back office. I waited less than 5 mins from completion of X-rays until I saw Dr Yu. He was pleasant, insightful, and was able to diagnose me quickly. We decided on a treatment course and I received my injection within another 10 mins of the dctr leaving our visit.All in all, I was in and out within 1hr 15mins, which is, in my opinion, excellent considering I saw a dctr I had never seen before, had X-rays done on site, and received an injection for my hand.  I would recommend Dr Yu!!
3	Not so much a tip as observation ...    Huge practice with multiple docs so can be very crowded even with large waiting room.Routine visit for old injury.  Not near as crowded today.  I have to say they typically move very fast even with a crowded and LARGE waiting room.  12+ doctors and twice the staff.
1	Ok.  so I waited 40 minutes because dr ashman was late and since I'm missing work when his highness finally walked in i was finishing an email shso he walked out because I was on my phone! Missing work and you are late and you are going to give me attitude ?      I think notI am currently  sitting here waiting for my X-rays because I have neither the time not the patience for this.   I can always see another doctor.   You got it !   I hit the door when someone is rude and I don't care if they have md after their name
1	Update: I asked for my medical records and guess what?  Both incomplete and inaccurate!  Surprise!  They didn't do full intake on me during my multiple visits so just "copied" what was there. Also, no radiology reads on 2 of 3 imaging session which means going to another doc they will typically not accept the image, only the printed report from the radiologist.  (Like I was born yesterday.)I have a call in to them to try and get the records corrected ad to get the balance of the documents all I can add is SHEESH!!!----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Just when I thought it couldn't get any worse.  A place that treats by the joint when you have multiple joint problems a place that obviously doesn't think about the patient but more about billings.I called today to find out when my apointment with another doc was.  I called May 6th to reschedule it from tomorrow to another day but forgot to write down the new day.  As it turns out, that doctor only works Monday and Wednesday and only time I can get out of work early are Tues & Thurs which is why I called to reschedule the appointment they made for me without asking my availability!So... Dr. Ashman has issued a "divorce of care letter".  Oh gee.  I'm so hurt.  It won't prevent me from seeing the 2 doctors at this practice who have already given me less than 3 minutes of their time but I will no longer be able to go to Nevada Orthopedic.ROFL!  Perhaps Dr. Ashman doesn't realize that before you get a divorce you have to get married and because I NEVER saw him because he walked out on me, kind of hard to get a divorce.... but I did refuse his proposal that I wait longer than the 40 minutes I had already been there because I had my cell phone in my hand when he finally walked in the room.BTW...when I was in the elevator going down after I left Ashman's office I was grumbling and someone in scrubs asked me what was up.  I said I was waiting for a doc that was 40 minutes late and he got mad because I had my cell phone in my hand (not talking, just checking work e-mails, etc since the wait was so long.... and I told him Ashman walked out and I walked out on him a few minutes later)  Reply for the guy in scrubs?  "Good for you.  He treats everyone that way"Just as an FYI, when I saw another doctor for another joint, he was well over an hour late and while he wasn't overtly rude, the rest of the staff had gone home and he clearly wanted to as well so I got the bums rush with a quick referral to MRI)It seems to me that if this place cared about their patients, they might want to look about their process that makes patients wait so long, see so many doctors and allows doctors to be so overtly rude.  Any other place would have FIRED an employee for being such a rotten egg.  MD or not if you hate your job so much and hate people so much... time to look for another job!
1	DR. Bradford is the worst hip doctor I have ever been to. This guy is a real jerk. For 4 years he told me I had an old fashion hip replacement, and the hip need  it to be changed. I then told Dr. Bradford that the hip was replaced by Dr. Joel Matta of Santa Monica California last time. Then Dr. Bradford changed his mind and said it is a good hip now. Dr. Bradford knows who Joel Matta is and knows Joel Matta is respected world wide. Take your lunch with you to the waiting room. Better yet just stay away. You can thank me now or you can thank me later for this good review of Dr. Bradford.It is the truth.
1	This was the worst doctors visit I have ever had. I saw Dr. Rimoldi. After waiting 2 months for this doctors appt. he spent about 60 seconds with me. He talked very fast and he seemed as thou he couldn't get out of the room fast enough!!! He has absolutely NO BED SIDE MANNERS AT ALL!!! EXTREMELY RUDE!!! I Will never in my life EVER go back to Nevada Ortho and Spine ever again.  I didn't have a choice because of my insurance but in October when my insurance changes I will go to a decent doctor!!! If you have a choice try and avoid this place!!!
1	If there were negative stars this would be the place that would give them.I just spent the entire morning doing medical expense reimbursements, paying doctors, etc only to scrutinize the last bill from this place... to say I am indignant is an understatement.  They billed four procedures at $200 each that they NEVER PERFORMED!This *after* Dr. Ashman walked out of the exam room because he was 40 minutes late and I was using my iphone to read and respond to e-mails from work which I was missing because he was late!To add insult to injury, it's not just a mistake... I have my medical records from this practice stating what procedures were performed and this one they billed four times was not on the records.This is just a billing racket.  Usually you see it with medicare.  Run up the procedures and do a lot fast to make up for low reimbursements.  I think I had 8 visits, saw a total of 2 doctors for less than 3 minutes.  They were both late... and that would be 3 doctors if you include the one I didn't see because he walked out.So now I had to take time out of my only day off to write a letter,provide all the documents showing they billed for procedures that didn't occur, report the fraudulent charges to Blue Cross Blue Shield so they can get their money back and I can get my money back.Worse yet, because I had to change practices I'm still having to endure the pain from a fractured spine with no treatment because I have to restart with tests and visits, etc.You know it's bad when the first question out of a doctors mouth after seeing an MRI is "can you walk?"   I'm lucky I can but it can be intensely painful and no thanks to Nevada Orthopedic & Spine Center I'm going to have to endure it for even longer while the new doc uses me as a guinea pig until something works.Arrrggghhhh!!!
1	Dr. Rimoldi is the very worst doctor I have ever experienced in my life. He is a spiteful powermad egotist who will shut you down, and TELL YOU what is what. Never had such a pitiful excuse for a doctor in my life...and his staff is worse. Filing a complaint with my insurance company as we speak. Don't even think about seeing this inhuman uncaring egotist!  You've been warned....I would hit -5 five stars if I could!
1	Wow I think that having a broken collarbone is better than dealing with the office staff here.  Medical staff review to follow.  Expert advice,  avoid this place at all costs.
3	The staff at this office is very professional and very nice. Very busy office last time we were here we waited over an hour. Let's see about today. Dr has a short day this morning lets see how fast we get in and out. Today they have snacks and drinks in the waiting area. Wonder if it's like this every morning. Lol
1	Worst doctor office. Do not go here. Very rude costumer service and do not care about patient health. By far one of the worst experiences I have ever had.
5	Came here via a recommendation from Spring Valley Hospital. I got in a hiking accident where my peroneal tendon got completely ripped away from the bone, so, extreme pain! In layman's terms, my ankle was f*cked up!Got an appointment with Dr. Gary Morris, who is the ankle specialist. Surgery was my only option, of course. At first, my health insurance denied the claim and stupidly suggested that I go through physical therapy, which would be useless, since the tendon was detached. Dr. Morris managed to get a peer-to-peer meeting with the insurance company board and convinced them of that the surgery was mandatory if I ever wanted to walk again. Approved! The process took one week.After we finally got the approval, I got an MRI done, and was back in the doctor's office. Scheduled surgery to reattach the tendon for the next day and bam - I was out of there.3 weeks later, I'm back to get the splint removed and a cast put on. The worst part was getting the 28 staples pulled off the incision. OUCH!! Nice 7-inch long scar that I'm gonna proudly wear! I'd post a pic, but it's too graphic! Follow-ups were great - I never had to wait more than 5 minutes in the waiting room. Always treated like a VIP! I wish it was like this at my regular doctor's office.
1	Tried to get a second opinion but since the original doctor was from here they said I needed to talk to some person to switch doctors and they would call the next day it was a week ago and no call tried calling again and after 49min on hold I left a message again to call me back but no return call. Apparently they don't even care for patients or have the common courtesy to call back.
5	I am walking without pain on a knee that I've been told needs a total replacement, because of the great doctors at Nevada Orthopedic & Spine Center. Thank you Dr Gary Morris and Dr Edward Ashman!Recently broke my ankle and Dr Lee fixed it and I'm back to walking 5 miles a day pain free, thank you Dr Daniel Lee.
1	I would give them zero stars if it were possible. My wife tore her ACL on a Saturday, went to the ER. Visited her PCP the following business day to get a referral.  SW Medical sent her here. They initially told her they couldn't see her until FOUR MONTHS LATER!!!! I fought through their BS after hours of hold times and finally got an appointment to see someone three weeks after the injury, only to have them cancel on her the business day before the appointment. What A-holes! They pretty much told us to go F ourselves....What is the reason you ask for cancelling? Apparently, they aren't contracted with the ER that she went to (even though our insurance is) and that is where the HMO sent us-so they refused to treat her. In a way this review is unfair because she never actually got to see any of their doctors, but I am just giving you the facts of what happened and how terribly we were treated by the staff. I have worked for 13 years in healthcare and have never had an office treat me or any of the patients I work with so poorly.We contacted our insurance and found another orthopedist who was happy to take our carrier and was able to get her in ASAP, so if your insurance tells you that Nevada  Othopedic and Spine Center is where you should go, tell them to give you other options to avoid a terrible experience like ours.
