3	A small but perfectly formed pharmacy, on Dalry Road not far from Edinburgh's Haymarket railway station.  Apple Healthcare run a small chain of pharmacies across Scotland, with one other in Edinburgh located in Musselburgh.I went in today, partly to get out of the horrendous rain, but partly to have a look at their shower gel.  Pharmacies quite often stock a small range of toiletries, and this one is no exception.  Their prices compare very favourably to the supermarkets, and are certainly lower than I found when I was in Sainsbury's the other day.Apart from the toiletries, you'll find everything a pharmacy should offer, with prescription and over-the-counter medicines available.  They also offer some consultation services, including a stop smoking service.A small pharmacy that offers a lot to the local community.
4	Apple Pharmacy is a bright, fresh pharmacy where you can pick of prescriptions of buy over the counter treatments for whatever ailment you may have. When I popped in I overheard a member of staff advising a customer of what toothpaste was best to use and it was good to see that the staff are knowledgeable and friendly too, it really makes all the difference.In addition to medicine they also have shampoos and a small range of cosmetics including a Rimmel stand if you need an emergency mascara.
4	It's nice to see a more personalised pharmacy still existing on this part of Dalry Road.Small and armed with approachable, knowledgable staff, your mind will be set at ease in Apple Pharmacy.You can bring your prescriptions here, and the staff seem to have a good general medical knowledge (I'm a worry wart and often ask tasking questions in pharmacies). As the other guys have said, there is a selection of toiletries and cosmetics, but not an overkill which is refreshing. Last time I was in they also had those Detrox Energy sweets which go down a storm. I used to be addicted to them when I younger since they were tasty as well as useful for pepping you up. Nowadays, they aid in curing a hangover.Handy for nabbing a toothbrush and shower gel as much as it's a good resource for picking up a prescription, I much prefer wee pharmacies like this to the hurried, pressured environment of those on the high street.
4	Haemorrhoids playing up?Duck bum causing embarrassment and an unpleasant smell?For the above, and any less humiliating disorders, Apple will meet your pharmaceutical needs. Not as well stocked as Boots, but this small chain still has a feel of the old school village chemist that gives it a certain charm
5	There isnt a great deal to say, it's a pharmacy! The staff are fantastic, prices fair. Would recommend it over bigger chains due to helpful advice and personalised service.
