4	My favorite morning coffee place at the T2.  The folks here are friendly and do not have the typical "I work at the airport and have been beaten down about the head and shoulders" attitude.  So yes, service here is friendly!  Plus, they take some pride in the product and make coffee that I think they would also drink.  Here is to the Coffee Bean!  THANK YOU for waking me many times each month on my flights out of T2!
5	The best HAZELNUT flavor drinks of all kind here!  I got the regular ultimate hazelnut and it tastes exactly as I remembered it when I last had Coffee Bean & Tea in Honolulu.  My absolute favorite coffee shop!  As a gift, I also picked up some of their pom & blueberry tea packets.  Perfect to take back to the office. Two people were working.  One was taking orders and prompt to greet people.  The other was making drinks.  There was about 5 customers and the service was quick and friendly.  Drinks and the level of service is consistant with all their locations.  Even when its out of state.
2	After going on two three hour flights without coffee I was desperate for the nectar of the grumpy morning person.  First coffee placed I passed in terminal 2.  Thought I was going to get a good cup of joe but not so much.  If you want brown water, here you go.  If you want coffee try Paradise Bakery a few yards down the terminal.
4	Much better than Starbucks. Their ice blended drinks are far superiorJust a more comfortable atmosphere. Better during selection.
2	My airport routine before an extended flight includes grabbing a pre-made sandwich for the flight.  Completely unimpressed by the contribution of Paradise Bakery to this ritual a few years back, we tried The Coffee Bean.Service was pleasant and with a smile, and sandwich prices were reasonable.  Perhaps I should have second-guessed the reasonable sandwich prices.  Selected was a chicken salad sandwich on what appeared to be a "wonder bread" type product.  While all white meat, the chicken in the salad was canned and unseasoned.  If someone had mislabeled the sandwich as tuna salad, a taste would not have divulged the error.  Pressed against its plastic wrapper there appeared to be a generous quantity of whatever this actually was, an illusion which vanished when the sandwich was unwrapped.  A good deal of the bread surface was dry and without anything but somewhat stale "wonder bread."Those seated in the waiting area for our flight were commenting on how good the coffee was.  Unfortunately, the talents of The Coffee Bean don't seem to extend to something as simple as making a credible sandwich.
5	I stop by here almost all the time, I can't start my trip right if I don't have their chai tea latte.  They brew their own chai tea, and their chai tea latte taste so good.They are open early, expect when I have to catch 5am flight. Service is fast, they know what they doing.I am a coffee drinker, except when I am here, I always order my chai latte. Try once, and I hope you will love as much as I do.
5	I love the Hot Vanilla at Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf!  This location is Terminal 2 is great...conveniently located and super friendly staff!  I love that they make their beverages ready to drink immediately unlike Starbucks that make them so hot that they need to cool off for 15-20 minutes.
