4	This is my boyfriends regular spot.  When I was approaching Bailey's for the first time, I was oh hell here goes a crumbly dive bar complete with raggedy cougars, mustaches and beer guts all along the bar.  To my surprise, it is a pretty cool neighborhood spot to get some drinks on the cheap, the margaritas by Clay are great, stiff but not too strong.  Friendly bar staff, wait staff could be quicker, more outgoing, they're "aiight" thoough, lol.  The crowd varies with the day and time, yes there are the beer belly's and the nascar hats being proudly worn, but some evenings they play top 40's and the crowd is younger, and a notch or two better looking.  At this come as you are bar, people seem to have a good time shooting pool and having some belly laughs with friends.  Again, drinks are way cheap and that helps a ton for a fridays night out or pre-drinking on a sat night to get the party started.  It feels like going to Mulligans in Scottsdale, but for a lesser dime and a mile less pretentious.
5	This was a pleasant find and I hope that the rest of you out there generate a little bit of buzz about Bailey's. I dropped in this place on a thursday night, not expecting very much at all. What I got was an awesome selection of kareoke, amazing drink prices, and about the friendliest group of customers and staff I've seen in a Phoenix bar. The only downer of the night was that Sonic was closed after I got out of Bailey's (but that isn't their fault). At any rate, this is perfect place for anyone to be among friends.
4	Been going to Bailey's for the last six months. It's an older crowd during the day, but at night and on the weekends the crowd id much younger!Bartenders are all friendly and the drinks are cheap, though they could be stronger.I highly recommend it!
1	This place sucked.  The people seemed to be mostly older.  Age 35 and up. The younger ones were mostly ugly and or fat.The had a dance floor and a DJ. The music choice sucked. It was rap and country.  It was almost to get service since I wasn't a regular.I would not bring friends here unless they were old or ugly.
4	I like Bailey's... amongst my friends, they are known for their gummi bears. (try it if you like sweet shots)  It's a small little place with a tiny little dance floor with some great music.Bathroom is TINY by the way... only 2 stalls for the ladies so make sure you aren't ready to explode in case there is a line.The drink prices are GREAT.  Not bad at all.I have to say tho, that when I go, there is this mix of bikers and trendy chicks... it's a little disconcerting.And yes... they will kick you out if you get too drunk or rambunctious. (don't ask me how I know this. LMAO)
3	"Happy Hour" from 6a to 11a.  It is bad that I know that.  I had to kill some time last Friday and showed at 10:45.  I got a beer and well drink.  Total...  $5 bucks.Free pool all the time except Friday nights.  A decent pour and quite interesting listening to the conversations between the regulars, especially early.Alimony, she-males, and porn were apparently the talking points of the morning.Dive bar to say the least.  Nice folks though.
1	I didn't like it and here's why:1) The place is as big as a shoe-box, but they try to fit a stadium in there2) The DJ sucks. His speakers kept cutting out, and he had no skill. He would cut songs out half way to start new ones, mixing things like MC hammer with Disturbed. 3) The bartenders are awful.. I asked the woman bartender for a drink 3 times, and once she saw my credit card, she didn't seem to want to serve me. There is a sign that says they will authorize it for $25.00, but i don't think she wanted to wait to swipe it, she'd rather move on to someone else. 4) Ghetto people: I took a seat at the bar, and after a few minutes, a lady comes up to me, taps me on the shoulder, and says, "MOVE! THAT'S MY SEAT" apparently she was out on the dance floor with the bad DJ dancing, and I was in her spot. Who does that? Seriously?  Later on the same woman takes the $2.00 I left as a tip for my late beer, and uses it to cover her next round of drinks.5) It just felt unsafe.. Sure there's a mix of people, and I don't mean to sound pretentious, but these people just seem unstable..one wrong word, one wrong look, you'd be in trouble. Seems like a place where you should just let the local riff-raff hang out and be out of the way. Stick to the better places where they have well dressed bouncers wearing little ear pieces, and bartenders who actually serve you. Its well worth the $8.00 a bottle you pay there.
3	Dive bars, who doesn't love 'em?  If the answer is you, then I wouldn't venture into Bailey's.It's dark.  The only light is put out by the neon beer signs on the wall and the occasional opening of the door to the small patio when smokers go out for a cigarette.The music isn't bad, that's a plus.  I believe there is a juke box so if you don't have quarters you will be at the mercy of those who do.There's the usual suspects; pool, darts, and a golf game.  A very popular golf game, with very very drunk men playing it, razzing one another to the point where you think you might get to see a good ole fashion bar fight, but these guys are pros so it never gets quite that far.I have no idea what the food is like, but the drinks are cheap, and that's what we were here for.The service was what you would expect, one bartender who seems to know everyone, she kept the glasses full.It's fine.  It's close, I probably wouldn't go out of my way, but I don't need to.
1	It is a great bar, IF you are single and have low standards! Their brunette bartender, Priscilla, is the primary reason we longer go there. Between her crazy and rude antics and the bar fights amongst the meth heads we have decided that although the bar may be close to home, it's just not worth the drive!
4	I kind of love Bailey's. Its hole in the wall divey with karaoke on the reg. Good song book selection and kick ass patrons. Pool tables are always in use. Few bikers. Lots of regular folk. Haven't crossed paths with the forespoken meth heads. They don't have a kitchen that I know of but they have pretzels behind the bar and sometimes pizza deliveries are made from what I've seen in the past. But what do I know? I'm usually drunk singing karaoke and enjoying myself. Holler at me, we'll go and find out for sure.
5	Great Bartenders and atmosphere!! A great neighborhood bar - with free pool and karaoke Sunday - Thursday
3	Good service and excellent Karaoke (Insane songbooks) are what you get at this bar.    If they only had some good beer on tap...  Or at least something beyond the McBeers that every bar carries the star rating would be higher.  The smoking area is nice.  I like the new sign out front.
3	35th ave & Union is not a place you want to be on a Sunday night...or ANY night, for that matter, but at least you can find a bar that's bound to entertain. If you like karaoke, loud music, and really dark rooms, you'll love Bailey's. No, there's no super cool dive-bar prices, but there's also no super lame dive-bar creeps. In fact, it's a mixed crowd of old and young--night owls who collectively give the middle finger to sleep and the long week on the horizon. Just turn the music down a bit, and I can enjoy my time here.
1	Worst bar in the N. Phoenix! Get rid of your regulars and maybe you will see some real business! You need to clean up too! The place smells like you have bar rot!!
3	The bar is located next to a bowling ally so it could be a nice place to stop before/after bowling. The place is a decent size and the area where they do karaoke and have bands on occassion is a good size too. It's dark, you'll see "the regulars" there, the bathrooms are dirty, the bar tenders are nice, they have pool and darts - it's just a bar. I'd try it out again.
3	This place kind of grows on you. It's a dive bar with plenty of regulars along with plenty of different faces any night of the week. Karaoke is Sunday-Thursday, and there is a DJ on Friday and Saturday. Usually they have a band from 4-8 on Saturday. No kitchen, but there is a place that brings in pizza to sell sometimes. They also have pool tables and dart boards if you don't want to sing, and a small dance floor for those who drank enough to want to get their groove on.Definitely have a jello shot while you're there. Only $2, and they make all different colors and flavors.Friendly bartenders. Good drinks. Fun place.
1	So I was kicked out a few months ago cause I bitch slapped the bouncer. Lol. Place can be fun but they do play favorites and I was asked to leave for no reason, when I asked why I needed to leave I was told "that doesn't matter and you and your buddy need to go now" so no reason.  When we were pushed outside he had told the other bouncer that these are the two guys n he said "yea you two need to leave" n I said "well plz give me a reason why we are being kicked out or I'm going to give you a reason to kick us out". That's when I bitch slapped the fat loser. He couldn't get his hands on me so he decided to tackle my buddy who was just standing there n took his tantrum out on him. Today I find out that the story he goes around telling is that I punched a special needs person. In his words "a retard" that was drinking at the bar. Lol. Boy it was you that got slapped n now your bitter cause you are literally not FIT to handle A BOUNCING JOB. And you pull out a Russian baton on us because you have no speed or skill to handle a costomer who puts you in your place. You sir are no bouncer, just a fat kid with an attitude. Once again the place can be fun if you like dive bars, but if you are not a regular or a friend of a bouncer you will be kicked out for no reason.
5	I love Baileys.Its like the Cheers of the southwest. Super diverse crowd (=fun). Young, old, black, white, short and tall. Everyone's chill, and its always a good time.
