3	After wonderful reviews from a friend who calls this his home town pizza and a sweet gift certificate, we had to give this place a try.  So happy that this one opened up closer to home and one lazy evening we went and ordered a medium super six, dinner salad with hot bacon dressing and the appetizer platter with bread sticks, calamari and wings.  LOVED the hot bacon dressing and with the bread sticks it was AMAZING.  Wings were ok, your typical pizza joint wings and the calamari was ick, rubbery and lacked any flavor.  We both thought the sauce was great but the HUGE chunks of sausage and probably 3/4 of a green pepper on our pizza was a huge turn off for us that's all you could taste  Admittingly we prefer sausage on a pizza that is very tiny and pretty scattered all over....so this place may not just fit our tastes.  We've agreed that we will go back and try the pizza/salad bar one time to give another chance as the Mr has had a bite of the Ham and Cheese Calabrese and said it was wonderful.  All in all service was outstanding and the place was super clean, but at 830 on a Friday night I expected it to be more busy...new location or ah just another pizza joint? Only time will tell.
2	This was our first time ordering at the Aurelio's on Craig (we didn't know it was there so we'd been going to the one on Cheyenne). I'll give them 2 because the pizza was delivered quickly and it was hot, but the two thin crust pizzas we ordered were garbage. The crust was not that thin and the texture was awful. Both pizzas were very salty, especially the pepperoni (the other was tomato, spinach, mushroom). We also had a coupon for a free appetizer and got fried mushrooms. They were bland, not worth actually paying for. We will go back to the Aurelio's on Cheyenne. Their pizza is much better. My husband's comment: "Ouch-Elio's thas right cuz it hurt my pocket and then that nasty pizza hurt my mouth, it gave me bad breath and had people calling me yuk-mouth for a week. Ouch-Elio's should make dog food cuz my dogs loved their pizza....my dog chubby loved the pizza so much it had him licking his paws."
3	Popped into this place on a Sunday afternoon with my boyfriend. He loves pizza and I was hungry, and this place is less than a 5 minute drive from his apartment. The service was stellar. I've never heard of this chain of pizza places before, but I'm thinking it's relatively new to the valley. They offer a range of Italian food you'll find at most pizza joints: calzones, pizza, salad bar. My boyfriend and I opted for the deep dish pizza with just cheese. I guess we weren't feeling very adventurous. They brought us out some complimentary breads with cheese melted on top. Nice thought and they were good. Next the pizza came out, we didn't wait very long as there were only two other groups eating. I personally thought the pizza fell somewhat flat. It certainly is not the best pizza I've had and I can think of many other places I'd rather eat. Also, I think I know now I am not the biggest fan of the deep-dish style pizza. Perhaps I need to go try it IN Chicago....Anyway, this place is okay. If my boyfriend wants to go again I wouldn't say no, but I think I'd rather try one of their thin pizzas next time.
2	No one felt like going out in the heat, so we ordered in a pizza - thin crust, mushrooms, pepperoni and garlic. The phone service was great, the delivery time SUPER-fast,even though it was the lunch rush.But, unfortunately, the pizza wasn't really all that, in my opinion. The toppings and flavor were alright, though quite salty -- the sauce was sweeter rather than zestier, but the garlic was cooked well and the pepperoni was sufficiently savory.The cut it in squares (like Marco's, which is way better, IMO) and I do like that kind of cut.But I didn't care for the crust. It's definitely a Chicago-style crust -- not chewy, not crispy, kind of airy and bready, even the thin crust. I think if that's your thing, you'll like this pizza -- it's just not my jam.They're pretty pricey for pizza, so beware.  $17 for a large, plus $2 per topping. By the time we were done (added on cheesebread at the last minute, but received cheesesticks), it was a $33 pizza.Meh.
3	Ended up at Aurelio's again for a dinner. The boyfriend wanted pizza and ordered the "AYCE" buffet, which includes their pizzas as well as a salad bar. On the other hand, I did not feel like pizza so after going over their menu, which didn't offer much more than pizza, I decided on a Chicken Parm Sandwich. I opted for the grilled version over the typical breaded chicken parm.Sandwich - meh. Not great, not bad. They serve up their sandwiches with a huge heaping of bland fries. They also give you an extra container of marinara sauce. My sandwich was dripping in marinara though, so I didn't need it. Overall experience - OK. Again, this place is just one of those pizza chains hanging around town.
5	For those who think Rosatis is good you obviously haven't been to Aurelios.  The best thin crust pizza I ever tasted!  It's not that cracker thin crap and they make sure it's loaded with sauce and toppings.  Not to mention the wings are the bomb.  The service is awesome too and the staff works very hard.  Nicole is awesome...tip her well!
1	"Chicago" pizza? the sauce was weird  and the cheese taste like cheese nips. They aimed for Chicago but it wasnt anything like Giordanos. Service was good but the food wasnt. I wont be going back.
5	My hubby and I went to our first pizza joint in Vegas and had an awesome dining event. This place was so holiday festive, clean-clean-clean, with a very efficient and friendly waitress (Nicole). We ordered the thin crust-6 topping which came out hot and oh so yummy. Fresh bell pepper, sausage, cheese, and a sweet and slightly salty tasting paste. It was all so delicious. Dessert for us was the cheesecake, which was just perfect. This is a very family friendly place, two big screen T.V.'s, holiday music, and not to forget, a very fresh small salad bar. We are going back next week to try their French Dip. Can't wait!
4	3 star average.  Eek.  "I don't even want to try them!", I say as I read the subpar reviews on this place.  It was the only non-run-of-the-mill pizza joint around the place that was open, so whatever, let's try it.  You know what they say -- even if the pizza isn't good, it's still good.  We ordered the hawaiian pizza with bbq sauce, thin crust.  They cut their pizzas into squares, so if you particularly don't like that - say something in advance.  I don't care, and I actually kinda liked it.  It was fun to eat. The pizza? It was one of the best hawaiian pizzas I've ever had.  The cheese was delicious, the sauce was sweet, tangy and just oh so good, and the ham & pineapples were loaded on but not to the point where it was falling off in a heaping pile on the pizza box.  It was darn good.  That's all we had at Aurelio's, and we want to try some others.  Maybe at that time - if the quality is consistent, I'll rerate them at 5 stars.  But seriously - this place is good.  Really darn good.
4	The hubby had their pizza at a friend's house and couldn't stop talking about it so I had to try it for myself. I wasn't disappointed. The sausage on their pizza is nothing short of amazing, I believe it's homemade. The crust and cheese are the perfect amounts of crunchy and gooey. I've yet to dine in at this location but will do so in the near future! The interior is very kitschy old school pizza parlor looking.
4	Great pizza. the Stuffed pizza is what gets me. they have some what of a sweet sauce put on top. and stuffed inside is cheese and your choice of toppings. Bosco sticks, were amazing. bread sticks stuffed with mozzarella. filling meal. a definite must visit if you are ever in the north las vegas area.
5	My husband and I were visiting from Seattle, but he is originally from Chicago.  Aurelio's has always been one of his favorite pizza places, and he thought this one in North Las Vegas was no exception.  The sauce is absolutely what makes the pizza one of the best.  They also use very good ingredients and high quality cheese.  We ordered the garlic bread with cheese and a large thin crust pizza with sausage and green peppers.  The green peppesr and the Italian sausage were both fresh and very tasty.  We did not take advantage of the specials, but they were offering two salad bars, two drinks and a medium (two topping) thin crust pizza for 20.99.  They also had two mediums with two toppings for 19.99.  There was also a family special that was 25.99 which included wings and pizza.  Overall, this has been one of my husband's favorite pizza places growing up in Chicago, and he says it is the same here in Las Vegas... Just as great as the original. Aurelio's pizza has truly become one of my favorites as well.
3	Yea, just A-OK., unfortunately! I paid for the salad bar, which was good, I love salad. Then we ordered the Calabrese stuffed with cheese, spinach, mushroom, and pepperoni. At this point you would think yum that must have been full of flavor - but it wasn't and that is why I'm giving them only 3 stars. It was good, don't give me wrong, but it could have been so much better. It tasted like one big flavor of ..... I don't know, I couldn't tell - cheese, maybe? And then the ultimate turn off for me at a pizzeria - Canned mushrooms!! Really? How hard is it to buy a pack of fresh mushrooms. Canned mushrooms are gross, don't do it, please. I was a little disappointed, since it looked very appetizing but it definitely lacked freshness and flavor. I hope they will work on it.
3	Eh....we had heard from friends that the wings were good and my Dad was in town for a visit and was craving Ital. food, so we gave it a whirl. Eh.The wings were good, the cheese stuffed bread (Bosco sticks, i think?) were good, garlic bread good, fried cheese, fried raviolis all good.BUT notice....those items all dont take much prep.We ordered a pizza, I don't mean to 'brag' of sorts, BUT i truly think I KNOW thin crust pizza....this was not 'it'. The cheese defeinitely tasted strange (cheese nips, from another review is 100% accurate). I honestly can't belive this has become a chain of sorts. Rosatis IS bettter, by at least 100% and they are friendlier.Would I eat here again? For beer and bar food, sure, pizza and pasta-no way.
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE.I went here on Saturday afternoon. There were maybe 3 other booths occupied when we came in, not too busy. There was one girl working so I expected a bit of a wait but what happened was unacceptable. We sat ourselves and the girl came by with menus and took our drink orders. I ordered mine and turned to my girlfriend to ask what she wanted and the waitress WALKED OFF WITHOUT SAYING A WORD. I thought it was kind of odd but let it go. She returned about 5 minutes later to take our drink orders again ONLY TO WALK OFF AGAIN AND NOT RETURN. What the fuck?? What kind of service is that?? At this point another small family walks in and goes to the register. They talk to the girl and go have a seat. She then proceeds to TAKE THEIR ORDER IMMEDIATELY. WHAT.THE.FUCK.She totally blew us off. If this is what they consider customer service, then I have no clue how they stay in business. Ill never return and will discourage anyone else from wasting their money at this horrible place. STAY AWAY, GO TO A RESTAURANT THAT KNOWS WHAT CUSTOMER SERVICE REALLY MEANS. I would give this place negative stars if possible. She had the chance to take our order and move on to the next customer, but she just ignored us entirely like we were never there. We walked out, and of course she didn't say a word. Something as simple as "Ill be right with you" or "I apologize for the wait" could have been the difference between gaining and losing a customer. Not that it matters to them anyway.
4	Very happy with my drop in here. I tried the stuffed pizza and it was amazing. The service wasn't great but the food was. My friend ate a sandwich and enjoyed it and he like the stuff mushrooms. Service was slow but only one person serving for lunch. Other than that I'm definitely going to go back. :)
3	This was a pleasant night out to a pizza joint.  We went about an hour before closing, so the one person working the tables was less than thrilled to see us, and it was evident.  We were the only table during that hour, though some carry-out customers came in.  The food was really pretty good!  We ordered salads, three pizzas, and breadsticks.  It was all tasty, though the appetizers were slow coming out, especially considering we were the only table.  I wouldn't rush to come back, but I wouldn't avoid it either.
4	Heartbroken to find out that the one on Cheyenne is closed. They truly had the most amazing pizza ever. Rest in Peace.
2	The pizza is ok, not great. It is also a bit over priced. However, customer service is pretty bad. The young girl that took my order was impolite and acting as she was making me a favor. Anyway, try it out, not bad but be cautions of people working there.
4	I must begin by stating i am proudly FROM CHICAGO!  I have never had the opportunity to try Aurelio's there. I am happy to find one here in Vegas near my house. I have been on the look out for anything Chicago and this is is the closest i found (so far).  I ordered a STUFFED pizza with 4 additional ingredients. Sausage, spinach, onion and garlic.  IT WAS DELICIOUS!!!!  We also got a spinach and cheese Calabrese. which was.... not bad. The decor is cozy. All four Chicago sports teams represented, old photos of Joe and his family and and a cute little salad bar. My only complaint. BEWARE IT CAN GET EXPENSIVE. But the pizza was very tasty so I WILL try them again! (on payday).  ;-)
1	The thing I always enjoyed about Aurelio's was that even though it was a little more expensive, you always got a much better product. Lately it seems that they are really skimping on the quality, and still demanding premium pricing. I used to eat Aurelio's pizza as a kid, it was always my favorite part of visiting family on the South Side. When I lived in Chicago I would regularly enjoy the lunch buffets in Evergreen Terrace and a few other locations. I also used to love watching games at the Cheyenne location before it closed. So my aunt got me a giftcard for my birthday, and I figured I'd drive across town to check this one out, hoping it would be worth the 20-minute drive. When I called this afternoon, they said there was a dinner buffet tonight from 5-9pm, which was perfect, I thought, because you can enjoy a few different topping combos and some salad for a reasonable price. I drove 10 miles, and got there a little after 8. I walked past a giant sign on the building advertising the buffet on Tuesday nights from 5-9. I walked in, and there was no buffet. I asked the girl, and she said there was no buffet, went to the back and came back and offered me a special that was basically a small pizza for $12.99, and said it was the same as the buffet. I don't really know what they do for the buffet, or how much it costs exactly, but there are two mutually exclusive possibilities, either: 1) The special was the same as the buffet, which seriously undermines the quality of the buffet, or 2) The special was not the same as the buffet, in which case they were lying to me. It says a lot about a place if they are not willing to offer you even the bare minimum that they are advertising. I understand that the restaurant was slow, and that's probably why they didn't offer the buffet, but maybe more people would go if they could count on the buffet to actually be there. I know I'm never going to drive 20 minutes for the mere possibility of a buffet again. And why do they only offer the buffet on Tuesday nights? Maybe people would come if they didn't have to think about what day it is before deciding what to eat? If you can get $13 per person for the buffet, are you seriously unable to offer it on every night of the week?There is way too much great food and great value in Las Vegas that this place really doesn't deserve your business. I also just found a recipe for their sauce online, so maybe I can just make my own.
1	I ate at the restaurant about a year ago and thought it was okay, but overpriced. It took a free kids meal from my kid's school to get me to try the place again. I actually liked the pie more than I did the first time, but because the certificate was expired by one day, they wouldn't honor it. ONE DAY....REALLY? I asked the young waitress if she was sure the manager wouldn't honor the certificate and she reconfirmed he would not. We would have ordered more food and perhaps even cocktails and they would have made more than the 5 bucks off AND made loyal customers. Instead, we will never go back. Bad way to treat neighborhood locals. Clearly not savvy in marketing and building return customer business.ps.......the joint was empty. Wonder why.
4	Aureilo's is one of the better pizza joints in the Valley. It is straight forward Chicago pizza. Being from Chicago, I may be a little biased, but it also means that I know quality Chicago-style thin crust when I see and taste it. I live close by, so I always do carry-out. The setting inside is nothing to write home about, but it is clean and fresh. My only knock on the pizza is the consistency is not always there. Things like the amount of sauce and how long it stays in the oven vary from pie to pie.
4	i love there thin crust pizza however the service here isn't A1.i usually order mine to go
5	Always love eating pizza from here. When I go back to Chicago, I don't usually eat Aurelio's cause there are some many other Pizza places to eat at, Like Giordano's. Not that I wouldn't but It's like a Pizza maze and you can't eat them all, besides White Castles consumes most of my eating binge! But Aurelio's is top notch, and if anyone wants a little sample of a Chicago Style Pizza place then you can't go wrong here.
4	I love it when I stumble upon a Chicago themed restaurant by accident. Tonight it was only the second time since moving to Vegas That I was surprised in that fashion.I was a little concerned since there was only one table seated and I was only the second and it remained that way for 3/4ths the time I spent there. I was also concerned since Chicago is known for their Deep Dish pizzas and New York is known for thin crust pizzas. Having Seen all the reviews loving the thin crust I should have given it a try but dining alone I went for the The Original! Aurelio's Italian Submarine Sandwich. It was pretty darn good. Great combination of flavors and portion size. Fries I believe were frozen but had a great crunch and were perfectly salted.I may have to stop by the next time I'm on this side of town for paintball (only 2 miles away hint Hint)
5	Awesome pizza, very fast delivery and the portions are more than enough. We always order more than we can handle.
3	this so far has been.best pizza I have had in Vegas but.then again most is horrible.  the apps where sub par but the service was the worst part of the whole thing.  the waitress doesn't know customer service at all and had no.clue about the tell them.Joe sent you thing.  I would eat it.again but try.carryout so don't have to deal with horrible service
1	I was the only customer, service good, the spaghetti sauce must of been out of a can plane as could be. Meatballs hard no taste. The Italian combo sub was like eating the sole of a shoe. The appetizer tomato.and garlic toast was very good. The atmosphere was nice. For $31 left very very DISAPPOINTED will NEVER GO BACK. I hope the owner reads this.
3	The Look of Chicago - Check!The Feel of Chicago - Check!The Pizza Flavor - ok - Its missing something from home. I can't tell you what exactly what is was, but in any case its 3 starts for me.
5	Best Chicago thin crust pizza in Las Vegas. I have been here over 14 years and have tried every pizza place that says it has "Chicago pizza" Aurelio's is the best. Because I live on the other side of town I get the pizza's uncut and I put them on hot pizza stones in the oven when I get home to crisp up the crust. I do wish the "thin" crust was thinner. There used to be a Aurelio's in Henderson but it closed, I would eat this pizza more often if they were closer. We have been there a few times and the place is never crowded. And yes, the pizza is cut the right way in squares.
5	By far best pizza I have had in Vegas. Great place to eat not just pizza. Loved it.
5	Almost 40 years I've been on the westcoast SoCal and Nevada.  I couldn't find a decent pizza until this place. Kind of remind me of the original Kracker's pizza in Massillon Ohio. Anyway the place is just right not too big or, too small very clean and cozy with the aroma of a bakery. The thin pizza crust is almost pastry like you could eat it plain but, on my last visit I chose to top it with Meatballs, Sausage and, cheese....AMAZING!!!Definitely the best west coast pizza by far.
4	Went back to make sure the first time wasn't a fluke, not at all. By far the best pizza I have had in Vegas. The only reason for 4 stars is that I live on the west side and a bit of a drive for me. but it is worth the drive. Wish there was one on the west side.
1	DISCLAIMER* !! I have NOT tasted the food here! My review is based solely on a phone order I tried to make for delivery. 1. They should probably hire people who can actually hear wat your saying ! The lady on phone was horrible, she can't hear when yur trying to tell her yur address, I even used police talk (p as in Peter, z as in zack lol) and she kept getting the letters wrong no matter how many times I yelled it out to her! Mind yu, It wasn't even loud in the back and they didn't seem busy! It took her 13 mins just to get my address correct! 2. I finally told her what I wanted (shrimp Alfredo) and guess wat! THEY DONT HAVE SHRIMP! Why the hell is it on the menu then?? 3. I'm still hungry! Thanks for ruining my lunch !
5	Work buddies and I used to eat here all the time when it was in the old location...now it's even closer to my house!!!Super convenient  location on Craig road now ... Way more accessible to the base on this location!!!Walked in staff created me warmly and brought me a ice (ICE COLD) Sam Adams... Yum!!!Are the buffet for $7.95 which consisted of several different delicious pizza pies and salad bar...Relaxed atmosphere... Great to meet a buddy on a Friday afternoon before a long weekend!!!
2	I've eaten here numerous times. I'd honestly be giving this restaurant at least 4 stars for their food but the telephone service every time ruins it for me. First I called and spoke with a women who told me there is a 3-4 min wait for making a delivery order so I said ok. I was fine with this until I was on hold for 15 mins. I hung up called back and the same lady had picked up she then took my order to interrupt me while paying over the phone that she is going to put me on hold again because she has customers.... I'm sorry. Am I not a customer? I called back in 5 mins to just say may I please just pay so I can get my food. She took my card information and address after repeating myself over 5 times. Skip the hassle of the phone service and just walk in. The cooks make good food but this lady every time ruins their credibility.
4	Good tasting pizza...cheddar taste,  sauce is awesome.   The lady cashier could be more friendly.   And the inside is ok.  TV' s to watch game.  The teriyaki wings are ok..I asked for extra crispy for better flavor.  Its a good pizza option when you want a different taste.
4	Pizza was good but spaghetti was AMAZING! The meatballs were delicious and the pasta was perfectly cooked. The only reason this place lost a star for me was that we paid almost $70 for pizza, pasta, and a salad. Good stuff and they deliver though.
4	I was a little scared reading the reviews here but went on the food comments. The food reviews are true. Pretty good stuff and I'm from the east coast. One of the best plates of spaghetti and meatballs I've had. The salad bar is okay. My husband enjoyed his pizza and Samuel Adam's. It was obvious to me and not in a bad way that the server is trying honestly to improve. She was genuine and nice. I'll be going back.
3	Overall this place is a nice Pizza spot. I have tried many things from this place and of course most important is the pizza. The sauce is really nice and tastes homemade and much different than the other pizza around town. The cheese is nice and has a great taste as well. Overall I would give it a 7/10 which is pretty good seeing I am fairly picky with pizza. I tried the toasted raviolis and those were fantastic. I also tried the Antipasto salad which was fair but nothing special. Overall give this place a shot if you want to try a good pie.
1	We eat at alot of pizza places in Vegas. I take my clients for meetings for dinner alotTonight we ordered tow home delivery pizzas and let's just say I was far from pleased with our food.First of all...COLD.Pizza cheese was cold like it had been sitting .The cheese was hard and was cheddar not your typical mozzarella cheese SALTY.It was so salty you couldn't even taste the ingredients of the pizza.TOO MUCH SAUCEPizza looked like a red messy sauce pizza. No taste to what we ordered.VERY LITTLE TOPPINGS The toppings were so small you didn't taste them .THINPizza was so thin you could read a newspaper threw itOverall I can't even rate this pizza or the service. This is the second time we have tried the food and had same issues as the first time.There is alot of great places to eat in Vegas . This place I do not recommend based on our experience.Person on the phone didn't even try to offer and replace with fresh they expected us to come pay AGAIN for better pizza.If you can't get it right after twice we will not come back. I'm glad others have had paid service and food with this establishment but our experience has been very poor we will not be back.
5	Every time I eat here it always taste like true Chicago food, from their Italian Beef to thin crust pizza amazing!
4	Super delicious!! The stuffed pizza is so good and their hot wings are amazing. Their marinara sauce is really good.
