5	You know how most furniture stores are lame- massive warehouses filled with a rabbit warren of rooms littered with an untold army of ottomans , sofas and lamps...... You know how the folk that toil in these establishments get on your nerves.... following you around like they have to ensure that you weren't actually pocketing and making off with that Tiffany lamp or mission chair...? Well Bungalow isn't like that- imagine a big funky space with furniture and furnishings scattered about as if thrown from a Yahtzee cup .... bed rooms melding into living rooms... kitchens abutting offices -abutting dens- books , throws , nick knacks- and a big bowl of candy on the front desk!! We had just purchased a home in Scottsdale and needed it furnished - ( We bought it as a winter retreat and weren't selling other homes - so we needed a little bit of everything-( and come to think of it - with the bed bug infestation and all..... would ya really want someone elses bed....... and I'm pretty sure if they live in beds they can live  elsewhere non??)). Living in Calgary and furnishing a home in AZ 1600 miles distant -( according to Mr Google), could be quite a challenge - but the folks at bungalow were up to it. They ventured out to the home , met with the designer , formulated a plan and returned later that same day with truck loads of Bauhaus this and Frank Lloyd that and by the time we flew back down to Phoenix it was instant karma....... and no charge for the consultation / design input!! five stars and a promise to stop digging through the candy jar looking for dark chocolate next time we stop in....
5	I gotta say when people walk into my home there is are two pieces of furniture that they zero in on - and they are both from Bungalow.  If you are looking for one of a kind, simple, tasteful and well priced furniture in Scottsdale you have to visit Bungalow!  I walk through every couple of months and it is as if it is a different store every time.  Alica Flatin and Linda Criswell have this developed this furniture store / design showcase into something very special.  I highly recommend stopping in for a tour.
5	Bungalow always has something unique, something unusual, something to talk about. When I take my clients there, or if a client asks about great pieces... the answer is always Bungalow. Their staff is great and they really have a treasure chest of accessories and furnishings...Bungalow is the greatest!R. O'.
5	The folks at Bungalow know fashion. We ventured there today for the first time. What a relief! A furniture store that doesn't exude the vibe of Ashley's or The Room Store. Or Robb Stuckey :) Those stores have their place, but if you're looking for something unique, in a certain design/color, you'll walk out of here with something... guaranteed. The pricing is medium/high, but it's what you'd expect from an ecletic group of hard goods, sprawled throughout the store that would make anyone with ADD joyous. Coming back here is on the top of my list. Gotta make a big payment to AMEX though!
5	Bungalow is fun, unique, always changing. This isn't your typical warehouse store packed with cookie-cutter designs. High end case goods, quality artwork, fun and unique accessories, books, awesome candles, even vintage fashion and jewelry. The designers do free in home consults for you, actually know what their doing, and don't pressure you like the used car salesman approach you'll find at other stores. The store is also pet friendly.
1	very disappionted in customer service. i have shopped in this store for over ten years and feel like i have been treated less than appropriately on sveral occasions.  taking care of their long standing customers in difinitely  not a priority!!! very disappionting.
1	Buyers beware!!!  If you shop in this store and plan on having an item shipped outside of Phoenix, stop in your tracks.  Their customer service--as another reviewer pointed--is AWFUL.  I bought a couch and was told it would arrive at my apartment in San Francisco by a certain date.  Not only did that not happen but I wasn't even contacted until the date it was supposed to arrive at my apartment.  I was given the runaround repeatedly and could not even get the salesperson to call me back after several attempts to get my couch.  She acted like I was bothering her instead of apologizing for the debacle.  Once you purchase the item, the service ends.  I have NEVER dealt with such unprofessional behavior when buying furniture.  NEVER.  I ended up having to pay a lot more for shipping than what I was told originally and I still don't even the couch.  I'm in an apartment now with no couch to sit on and Bungalow could care less.  Yes, the store has unique items but given the atrocious service I experienced, I will not step foot in there again even though I am in Phoenix regularly and shop for furniture items throughout the year.
5	I love coming to this store and seeing all the new items. The store always looks great and I have a house filled with only furniture purchased from Bungalow. You are missing out if you don't shop at this store. Linda and the staff are great!
5	Bungalow is the most versatile furniture and accessory store in town. They always have unique pieces, great unexpected groupings and the most unique way of showing it all to the clients. Their staff is wonderful and very talented and the owners are not only smart and beautiful- (really)...they have impeccable taste. When you visit Bungalow if there is something you like, get it...Bungalow changes constantly it's like going to a new store every time.LOVE IT, LOVE IT, LOVE IT!
5	Bungalow is simply amazing! My entire home was furnished by the very talented staff.. Alicia, Linda, and Jeff are so amazing! I recently stopped in and bought my fall wardrobe, including leggings, great t-shirts, and some beyond fab jewelry! The earrings I got are so beautiful, and people ask me everyday where I got them! One stop shop at Bungalow! Furniture, gifts, clothes, books, candles... You name it... It is all fab!!!
3	I visited this store recently while waiting for someone to fly into the Scottsdale Airport (it's right down the street).  The store was packed full of furniture and decorative items - most with a cottage but modern feel.  There was a broad range of quality...some expensive furniture that looked very high quality, and some more standard chippy, shabby chic low end pieces.  The layout of the store could be more thoughtfully arranged and it definitely could use some 'editing.'  A lot of things were just heaped on top of other things, but a good stylist could shape this store up easily.In the hour I was there, not a single person offered any assistance, which was fine with me since I was browsing, but I wouldn't want to have to track down a live human here for help.
5	I can't describe how I feel every time I walk into my amazing home that Bungalow  has created for our family. We recently sold our home to down size  to a smaller home in doing so I explained to my husband that for so many years of going to my favorite store in Scottsdale  Bungalow that we needed our new home to look and feel like a coastal California home that we have always wanted. After meeting with Alicia one of the owners of Bungalow I new right away that she could understood the look and feel we wanted to achieve . Also I would like to mention that between Alicia  and Linda  and Jeff the three of them have really made our home our new dream home. I love  the feel and look that Bungalow offers to everyone's own personal taste. Each and every vignette in there store is so thought out and creative . If you live in the Scottsdale  or Phoenix area you really owe it to your self to take the time and go to this one of a  kind furniture store  Bungalow furniture and accessories . LOVE  LOVE LOVE!!!!!
