5	I am 24 years old and have been studying in martial arts since i was 5. I did a lot of researching around the valley and talked to many other martial artists and my conclusion was that this was the best Taekwondo school and one of the best martial arts schools in the valley hands down. I have been there for about three months and it has put me back on track and I have never felt this good about my life. It is a phenomenal physical, mental, spiritual, and emotional workout. Not only do you train for self defense but also how to use the martial arts in every moment in your life. CTTA plays a huge part in the community doing charity events, Taekwondo demonstrations, and fundraisers. They have a strong belief in family values and making sure the kids are excelling in school. All ages train there, from 4-55. I immediately felt welcome, even coming in with a black belt from another studio. By the way this is no belt factory, everyone earns their belts there. If you would like to better anything in your life i would give this studio the highest recommendation. The equipment is all great and up to date. The students respect their do jang and it is very clean. Nice big mat area, warm up area, seating for visitors, bathrooms, they even have a full fridge for Gatorade lol. Then the master and staff are amazing. Great with kids and families. They go out of their way to make sure you are excelling in class and out of class. You want to learn martial arts or traditional Korean Taekwondo? Come here, expand your life..
5	Looking for Tae Kwon Do for your kids or for yourself? Master Choi and his instructors are very good in what they do and have no trouble sharing it with their students. If you want to get promoted fast and easy, this place is not for you. Master Choi promotes his students not because of the money you pay but the skills you learn. I have no regrets in enrolling my son at Master Choi's Traditional Tae Kwon Do Academy.
5	They will be having summer camp sign ups soon. Come and check them out. Loads of fun, excellent experience and certainly a place to meet new friends.
4	Love the traditional Korean culture that is instilled. They have fun promotions and events to keep things interesting. Wish the communication with the parents was a little more clear, but overall we are happy with this investment.
1	My son had a bad experience here. He was 4 when he started. He liked it at first, but then he didn't want to go and would cry if I took him. He couldn't understand what the master was saying to him and the master would clearly get frustrated with him. When my son didn't want to go back, they still tried to withdraw money from my account for months. The communication is horrible.
