5	I use this CVS for all my prescriptions. They are always courteous and polite, and usually don't take long to fill scrips while you wait. They have also been good about doing the legwork when there are issues with my insurance. 5 stars for customer service.
1	I was just in this pharmacy that is supposedly 24 hours and told at 8:30pm they would be unable to do any scripts till 6am.  Why are you a 24 hour pharmacy then?  Also the woman who waited on me seemed irritated and disinterested in what she was doing.  That does not make someone feel very comfortable that they may in some way be handling medication.
1	My only interaction with this CVS location is over the phone to fill a prescription. I am currently traveling and was unable to pick up a prescription before it was auto refilled. I had called in and was told that my prescription had to be ordered and would arrive on Monday. I agreed, but found another location that had it in after I had gotten off of the phone with them. I called back and the woman told me that my order wasn't even put in. The woman tried to find me in the system and gave me quite a bit of attitude. She repeatedly said she couldn't find me...even though I have been going to multiple CVS pharmacies over the past year. Needless to say, the other location off of this street has a courteous pharmacy team. I do not recommend this location at all, unless you want a side of sarcasm and attitude with your medication!
1	This was the crappiest most horrible Pharmacy service I ever given my business to. Never did they seem to have my meds ready. Always told to come back. Never a nice smile at the window or thank you for your business. Every time they asked me for money then look into their system and know it was WORKMANS comp. Also the lady Namratta  the pharmacist there has the most horrible attitude. I was having a good day till yesterday when I drove up to the window and then told we aren't going to fill these anymore! I got no explanation. When I walked inside to ask why. The head pharmacist Namratta started to yell at me and said she told me last month? This girl is off her chain! Not only the service was poor but he attitude was against the law of code of conduct in a public business and I felt discrimination towards me for the med's my doctor prescribed to me. I felt she was taking this against me. When I asked for her supervisor. I was told he wasn't available. When I asked for one over the phone. STILL I'm not letting this conduct go. I got a man on the phone that said he would talk to her in a uncaring way over the phone on monday. Mind you not her supervisor. I got the impression he could care less. I insisted he reprimand this behavior. And if I didn't insist they speak with her about her conduct. i don't feel she would of gotten the clear picture that there is a CODE of conduct in a public business. I think obviously they need to send her to a charm school of some sort to learn MANNERS and PROFESSIONAL conduct when addressing the public. This is not my imagination. Read the prior reviews. Seems she is nasty to other people as well. She had me so mad with her big mouth that I not only could put a foot down her throat but the whole leg too. However I realize we can't go around placing our hands on people. I really got so irritating with her thinking she can treat poorly anyone she likes to how she likes. Not cool. AT ALL. I after three years using this company decided to save me the drama and go elsewhere. I got my meds yesterday with WALMART and wish I would of considered long ago. It was a process changing but ole save me the drama and harrassment and unprofessional conduct I can do without, not including headache. Also I found out with my workmans comp that she  never called in my meds last month causing me to lose out on my meds and suffer pain. Which I can put my last dollar on it. She didn't care. If she gives any of you her attitude. Please do others a favor and report it.
