2	Let me keep this short and simple, I have a buisness account there and I get treated poorly. Just crappy customer service. Its seriously pathetic. They have TONS of people walking around the store, but nobody can help and if you are in a rush, dont stop by there. Its the worst customer service. I guess I seemed lost, the guy that was delivering ink helped me and was the nicest person in there I met... Sad... I am in there TOO much for that, guess we need to switch accounts. However, the online part of Staples is GREAT!
1	I've been to this Staples a few times and basically the service is not good.  Some of the cashier's are overly chatty which leads them to make mistakes, which I don't have the time or the patience to appreciate.Today, I was making a simple return, basically returning an entire order and then repurchasing 1 of the items (so that it would be on a separate receipt).  The cashier, ALEX, didn't return all my items, but did charge me again for the one I wanted to repurchase.  I didn't notice right away, but 90 seconds later I came back into the store and told him that he forgot to return one of the items and he said, " no I didn't."  Without even looking at the receipt or asking me which one. When I pointed out his mistake, he still didn't believe me.  He couldn't tell the difference between file folders and a drawer organizer (perhaps time to switch careers).  Then he said, "you must have used a coupon or something, because that item is not on this receipt..."  When I responded with yes it's right here, he started on a tirade of don't get snippy with me, because I can get snippy right back and I've had enough of it today.  His response was completely out of the blue and completely unwarranted. It seemed like he was having a psychotic break from reality.  So, rather than go around and around with him, I decided to ask for a manager.  KRISTINA (who was very nice), found his mistake right away, rectified it right away and then had to explain to him the difference between file folders and a drawer organizer.  Again, time to find a new job, ALEX!!!As a busy professional, the last thing in the world I need or want to deal with is some punk 17 year old, who needs to have an attitude adjustment and learn how to do his job.  He was so unnecessarily rude and obnoxious that he triggered this negative YELP review...
4	Rich in the print center is a lifesaver!We came in at the 11th hour to get an important proposal printed. Rich was patient and helpful and let us know that an immediate printing would not be possible due to the time of day, but that he would come in early and make sure that our 7 packets would be printed on the correct paper and collated by our deadline. It was very refreshing that he cared enough to make sure that we were satisfied customers instead of simply sending our business elsewhere.Everything looked great and we could not have pulled off our presentation without his help.
4	I was dreading getting a replacement cartridge for my printer at $40 a pop.  I decided to suck it up and get the combo pack for $50.  When I arrived at the register, Cristina the store manager told me about a coupon I was eligible for that had just come out!  Saving me money is a quick and easy way to win me over!  I have been here a few times before and was treated pretty well also.  Keep up the good work!
3	On a trip last month to Honolulu, Andrea R (aka Batgirl) and I (aka Robin) were doing some last minute errands for the Yelp Helps Everyday Hero event... Emi H sent us to this Staples on the hunt for some zip ties and stickers for the event, and while some of the other customers may have given us weird looks due to our costumes, the Staples staff members were all friendly and helpful.  We found what we needed and a few snacks as well, and we were in and out of there within a few minutes.  In this case, it wasn't super heroes to the rescue, it was Staples!
4	Store has given consistant friendly service for many years. Today is probably the 50th time I have called a closer office supply store but will drive a little further to Staples Super Office Supply Store. I called elsewhere not getting an answer but got an immediate answer to my question from Anthony.Being a fairly typical shopper, I will purchase other items when I get an identification laminated at their printing department. I get many years service from multiple purchases at this store. I shop at this store because on average their attitude and effort is better than the place I seldom purchase from if personnel are involved.
4	Great, sleepy little Staples. Very friendly staff and a curious amount of items on sale and bare shelf.  I hope this location doesn't close.
