4	Took my son in here for dinner after school.  I like the "pizza by the inch" concept.  Basically a "by the slice" shop, with rectangular pizzas instead of circles, but the pizzas they have are what makes them stand apart.Truffle oil, albacore, seasoned arugula, pesto....all kinds of specialty toppings that sound delicious.  And you eat it on a nice leather sofa with a coffee table.  Just like me and my boy eat at home!  Hip little place.  I'll have to stop back soon!
5	Amazing service and healthy Pizza. Eat here once a week. Great atmosphere.
5	Great pizza at a great price.  This place is worth the trip
2	We went in for a take out order. Staff was very friendly and helpful. The pizza was so so and the crust very burnt. Made for a very disappointing experience.Too many pizza options to endure this again.
4	Pizza, like all foods, is undergoing constant evolution. In the late 80's, California Pizza Kitchen helped usher in the era of foodie pizza with fusion influences. There was a counter revolution of sorts in the past few years with many Italian restaurants bringing back more traditional Italian flatbread pizzas. By the Inch Pizza Caffe is riding that traditional pizza wave but bringing it to a fast food concept.You can get Margherita-style pizzas by the inch, or can order a full-sized 12-inch or 24-inch one. They come out fresh on a large wooden pizza tray. It's a casual place. You'll get paper plates and napkins out of a dispenser. There are several seating options. The two prime seats are sofa coffee table style, which give you a great view of the two flat screen TV's mounted high on the wall. Sports on TV's + food is always a good recipe for success (for me anyway).The pizza is good. It's oh-so-close to being great. It just needs some tweaking. I can't put my finger on it just yet. Maybe it needs to be thinner. Maybe mine was a little under cooked. I'll have to go back and figure it out.Extras include super cheap espresso drinks and a gelato selection. You can a nice meal experience and not spend too much.Unfortunately, Pizza by the Inch is buried behind a lamp store. It's totally easy to miss but you should go out of your way to check it out.
4	This was my first experience with Roman style pizza.  The pizza was extremely tasty and very adult tasting'ish. Meaning its not your regular greasy over cheesed pizza. the focus here is the freshness of the ingredients used. I had the margherita which is comprised of basil, buffalo mozzarella, tomatoes and a little drizzle of pesto. The flavors where fantastic and the freshness actually did shine through. Prices are reasonable and the staff was very friendly. I hope one day they can get a license to sell beer and wine because pizza and booze are really just meant to be BFF'ers. The place is clean and nice but the ambiance is lacking a tad. Could really use some music or some background noise. Great little neighborhood joint that shines above the other mom and pop joints around town.
5	This place is perfect--I love the unique combinations.  The crust is awesome, chewy, not greasy or too thick. It has a great flavor-almost like a sourdough. Finally a crust worth eating. The toppings are super fresh and just the right amounts. Even the sauce is great. The guys that work there were really helpful, and being able to order by the inch as opposed to by the slice or a whole pizza allows you to try more than 1 type (Perfect for those of us who are indecisive) and people who can't power down a whole pie.  They also have a huge gelato selection (I recommend the butter pecan!) and cappuccino. It is hidden in there by Powder and Sun and Massage Nirvana (by Peace/Ft Apache). Great product, great prices great service--A triple threat and I really hope this one stays around. We really need more than the big 3 (PH, PH, D) to choose from without paying 25 dollars for a small pizza just to avoid a chain
4	Cute little place with cozy couches and tv's (if you like that sort of thing)The pizza is quite literally served by the inch; there is a 4 inch minimum.  4 inches turns out to be two 4 inch squares.  A nice size for a light lunch.  At $4 for 4 inches, it can't be beat.  The boys behind the counter were very nice, helpful and friendly.  He politely explained their healthy take on pizza with fancy olive oil, lean meats, fresh dough, and so on. The pizza tasted light and flavorful.  The crust was crispy on the bottom and still retained a bit of fluffiness.  I got 4 inches of a sausage mushroom topped with a fresh arugula salad to order.  Very light and tasty.  No greasy, bogged down feeling here.  You can also order  half or full pizzas (12 or 24 inches) all to yourself.  The halfs are circa $10 and the fulls circa $20.  I'll definitely go again.
5	From the moment we walked in, the atmosphere is modern, yet comfortable. We were greeted before we made it through the door by Dakota, behind the counter. Now the food, wowzers!!!!! It was authentic Roman crust. Very delicious. Crispy yet soft. The selection of toppings are authentic Italtian toppings, such as Caprese. The gelato was amazing!!!It wasn't too busy as the location is kind of tucked away. It's between Tropicana and Flamingo on Fort Apache in the Fanco shopping center. The owner was in, Bob. He greeted us and was very genuine.
2	I really didn't like the cheese.  I tried 4 different types and none of them convinced me to ever go back.
3	You shouldn't come here if you are looking for unhealthy pizza. The ingredients are fresh. I ordered their Hawaiian pizza and saw them cutting the fruit  from an actual pineapple! The meat that they put on the pizza was a little too salty for me so I couldn't finish it. The gelato (chocolate chip) is worth the trip even though you don't want the pizza. It's creamy like ice cream. It has a unique taste to it.They have big sofas with coffee tables you can sit at while you enjoy your meal. They also have a big screen T.V for your entertainment.
3	Pizza that is good for you, expensive, not really what I was looking for. The cheese was good, but not for everyone. I really liked the dessert though. They gave decent customer service, including changing the channels (I am not into sports). I really liked the environment! See Susan L. I couldn't have said it better.All n all, I would come here for a healthy lite bit and dessert, but I am really Hungary I would go somewhere else. Since I usually CAN eat, I gave them three stars. I would only make a change to the prices, it was a Sticky Shock.
