1	If a bread sandwich with a two paper thin slices of meat is up your alley, you will love this place! They claim "Gourmet Sandwiches"? Are you kidding me? I am not sure why Jimmy John's are popping up everywhere, the sandwiches are a joke! Don't waste you money or taste-buds.
1	The food is alright- the service is not.My family went there for a quick dinner on February 14th.  With my 9 month old son in tow, we asked for extra cheese and avocado on the side so that he could enjoy the meal too.  Even though the menu states that they offer each, they told us that they could not accommodate our request but failed to give a reasonable explanation.  I decided that I would just get a sandwich that I could pick parts out of to feed my son- but the experience was not off to a good start.Secondly, the place was empty.  We were the only patrons in the place while all of the adjacent restaurants were packed.  That's a red flag if ever I saw one.  The underage staff took advantage of this- playing the music too loud, throwing trash around behind the counter in order to make baskets into the garbage, and just generally not working.  The final nail in the coffin came when one of the employees took her break.  While in full view of us- and any other patrons had there been any- she flipped the bird to another employee.  She saw that I saw her and did nothing.  Didn't look ashamed that she was acting like a child or that she could potentially get in trouble.  I didn't see anyone that looked to be over the age of 20 working there.  No managers?  No wonder this place is being run so poorly.  I will be surprised if this place lasts here for a year.  The staff is untrained, juvenile, and too lazy to accommodate patrons.We will not be coming back.
1	It's nice for the "Assistant Manager" to apologize but seems most if the stores are like this. All very young kids who could care less about you as the customer. We went to one in Phoenix tonight (first time) and will never return. We were treated horribly by the "tween" staff, and when we called the "assistant mgr", she didn't care either. Subs were plain and tasteless. Will be sticking with Jersey Mike's. Very sad how you are treated at Jimmy Johns. At least at Jersey Mike's, your treated with respect.
2	I wanted to like this place, I really did. Spent $24 on three regular size turkey subs with bacon (extra $1.50 each sandwich for the bacon). No drinks or anything, just the subs! They might be longer than a 6" elsewhere, but they are practically half the width! I really couldn't taste any turkey (not much on there), just bacon, lettuce, tomato and mayo. The restaurant was clean enough, but smelled bad. Not sure why... Won't be back, sorry!
5	This place is absolutely fantastic.. I do not understand the other bad reviews... If you want an AMAZING good quality sandwich to eat and amaze your taste buds, come here. If you want to get entertained then go see a movie.The other reviewers are silly and not understanding of the menu.1. Jimmy johns cannot give FREE sides of cheese and avacado, the Chicago style sandwiches are not suppose to even be made with cheese.2. Why would you care about the people making your food, who cares? You came here to EAT good, affordable food, and you got it.3.  This isn't a shack, it's just a little space, not a shack, it's enough. They weren't the first restaurant to be placed here, nothing they can do about bad construction from desert ridge market place.4. Don't give jimmy johns a bad name because you are I'll informed, a fast food sandwich shop is not for entertaining, or anything other than making you GREAT food at a GREAT price.I love all jimmy johns they are all exactly the same, they are chains, everyone one is gonna have good food, make sure you understand the menu before you order.I eat at this specific location almost every day, grab my food eat it there in 5 minutes and move on. They also deliver to the immediate area of desert ridge, or you can get it to go. It is not a sit down restaurant, so don't expect to be waited on..
5	I love jimmy j's.  I eat at the desert ridge location every week, and have always been satisfied with the service.  I not sure what everyone else is complaining about. My favorite is the vegetarian #6.  Lastly, I highly recommend the delivery option.  The drivers are usually fast and very personable.
2	I love jimmy johns!! But  first time at this location and I have been waiting 10 mins for my sandwich! And there is maybe 6 ppl in here! That is just insane I would hate to see this place if they were slammed !!! And they have about 5 ppl working!!
1	Went in to order for a party and it seems that Bobbie the assistant manager really didn't know how or what to do... I left feeling yucky so I called back the next day to the general manager first off when someone asks are you the manager it would be really nice for you to introduce yourself in a professional manner and even maybe attempt to turn down your blaring music in the background to maybe help me out also maybe ask me why I was cancelling my order maybe try to remedy the situation maybe just maybe try to keep my business but no she was rude and short and didn't care at all that my order was cancelled.... Honestly if she showed a ounce of concern I would continued with my order won't be going back to this location sorry.
1	First time at this location & really disappointed. No other customers when we went in, so being busy not an excuse. Only one table was clean & there was an employee sitting at it eating. On the floor next to her, half a sandwich. I even took a picture & sent it to them. No response. If the place is thus dirty where the customers are, what does it look like where they prepare our food. Disgusted.
1	I use to think this place was really good. My mind changed however once I got a sandwich with bad meat. I'm sure it was a mistake but it should be better looked at. I also have had friends who have worked there and noticed bad meat and the manager said they still had to use it. So I'm not sure if it's just the location or if all jimmy johns are like that. I will say though, their bread is really good
5	Not really sure what people have to complain about here.  Fast, clean, and what you expect from jimmy johns.  Takes a special type of douche bag to complain about a fast food joint on yelp.
5	Jimmy Johns has always made great sandwiches, now that they have some new management they deserve a 5 review. A few months ago I didn't want to step into this place because of the attitude that smacked you in the face on the way in. They have some new guys running the show and you can tell. Everybody is nice and their attitudes now reflect the usual freaky fast service. Keep up the good work, glad to see things have turned around.
5	Delicious food for a cheap price and the crew at the location is fast! No one there when I went but by the time I paid my sub was ready to go! I recommend it!
1	Chose to order JJ delivery for lunch in the park with the kids. Order went in before noon, it's 1:40 and no JJ. Manager says new driver...
