5	I cannot say enough good things about Mike, Brice and the guys at Greulichs.  My car in in for its second major repair in a year and they were so easy to deal with, worked with me and most important?  Did a great job and DIDN'T rip me off.  They worked with my crappy warranty company and fought to get new parts - not the used parts the warranty co. wanted to stick me with.  They will always have my family's business!
1	SHADY! SHADY! SHADY!!!!!My friends car broke down and it was towed there. They were supposed to diagnose thye problem. They told her the alternator was bad and it would be $600 to replace it. The next day they called her back and said it would be $800. Thinking it was really high she asked my advice. I told her to call the place I go to. My mechanics quote was half the price. She informed Greulich`s that the car would be towed to a different shop to have the repair done. They told her the car was "in pieces" and it would be $400 to put it back together. She found the part online and they will install it for $250. How is $250 to install an alternator but $400 to put the car back together for her to take it to another shop?!Don`t let these guys near your vehicle!
5	1st time I've dealt with the guys at Greulich....very impressed..There I was, picking up the kids at school in the mayhem known as the "drop off/ pick up zone", when all a sudden the wife's mini-van just died, blocking the way and bringing the organized chaos to a stand-still. Unable to get it re-started, I called triple A who said they'd send a tow-truck right away. I asked the operator at AAA if they would recommend a repair shop and they gave me the Greulich name. Mini-van was towed in and after a phone call from their shop in Chandler, AZ (Germann/Alma School) I asked them to diagnose the trouble and give me a report. Their initial once over did not find the problem so they said they needed to further evaluate. After computer analysis, and inspection, it was determined that it was simply out of gas! Even though the gas guage read nearly 1/2 tank. They were honest enough  to let me know. when they could have easily replaced some high-dollar part, and I would not have known the difference.  I am thankful for their honesty and I would do business with them again.
5	Was treated fairly and they were honest and very reasonable on price...I recommend GREULICH....Went back to GREULICH with another vehicle.... for a "Road Trip" inspection and general maintenance, after nearly being taken advantage of by another competitor.(Joe's Auto--DON'T GO THERE. SEE REVIEW BELOW!). They guys at GREULICH were fast, friendly and fair.
5	1st OFF, I AM A RETURNING CUSTOMER AND I DO NOT WORK FOR GREULICH.... THE BAD REVIEWS MIGHT EVEN BE FROM THE COMPETITION.? THESE GUYS ARE AAA APPROVED! My busy schedule has me running in 10 different directions and stopping for an oil change and "check-up" is the last thing on my mind or agenda. My "Time to Change Oil" indicator had been harassing me for a couple of weeks. I had a break in the action and so I stopped by Greulich on Alma in Chandler... They squeezed me in and had me on my way in less than 30 minutes. I am a happy camper. These guys always seem eager to help.
1	They will take advantage of you any chance they get. I've tolerated them long enough. I go to them for their basic Oil Change because it is the cheapest around, and on that they do just fine. But every time, without fail, they come back and say something is wrong or broken--specifically Jason comes back and says that. First, my water pump was leaking and needed to be completely replaced, then my power steering pump was leaking and needed to be replaced, then an axle needed to be replaced. I always ask for a second opinion when these things happen and so I took it to another mechanic who looked at my car and here's what was wrong: my water pump was fine, the clamps just needed to be tightened: free. My Power steering pump was fine, those clamps also just needed to be tightened: free. My axle was fine and did not need to be replaced. Then I really did have some car trouble and was 95% sure it was a starter problem. I took it in for an oil change and asked Jason if he could test the starter and see if it was in fact the problem and asked him how much that would be. Now a starter has to be removed from a car to be tested, so I was expecting a fee to do this--but guess what, it was free! He goes out to the garage, and literally less than 5 minutes later comes back and says it is in fact bad. It was going to be $300 for the part, not including labor. Guess what, it takes more than 5 minutes to pull a starter and test it--especially on my car where the starter is located completely UNDERNEATH the transmission. I got the part somewhere else, brand new with a warranty, for $85 and had another mechanic replace it for 1/4 the price. And when he looked at it, he said that the starter probably hadn't been touched since I bought the car and there was no way Greulich's had tested it. I am finally writing this review because my sister and her new husband are sitting in their lobby with a $300 bill for parts they didn't need, but they have a 12 hour drive with snow ahead of them to get to their reception so they didn't want to take any risks. BEWARE!
5	I took my car in for an oil change after another place told me I needed to book a week in advance (Not possible for me, my schedule changes every single week) so I happened to stop by, since my dad had taken my car here forever ago. Not only were they super nice, they were able to squeeze me in as a walk in since someone else hadn't showed for their appointment! The only thing they told me when I came back to pick it up was that I needed my tires aligned. I had just changed the tires somewhere else, and they said the same thing, so I know they weren't just trying to upsell me. When I explained that I planned on selling my car soon, they were so honest and said "I wouldn't even bother then, its not enough that it'll affect you short term" I always appreciate honesty on things like this, especially being a younger girl who knows next to nothing about cars. And as it turns out, I decided to keep my car and I will definitely be back to have my tires aligned!!
4	I went there for an oil change. It didn't go perfectly, but they made the effort to make it right. For that, I commend them and they will get my repeat business.
5	I have to give this place 5 stars because I am no longer afraid of taking my vehicles out for oil changes and such because these guys have never tried to con me into "last minute emergency fixes" as their way to upsell. I drop my vehicles off and tell them what I need done, they do it and I'm off. Also ladies, I'm sure we can all relate to having men feeding us a bunch of BS on having to upgrade this to that for whatever reason because they expect us to not have a damn clue about our cars, but pleaseeeeee, do your research about what you need done before you take your vehicle anywhere. I can tell you that I am no longer underestimated when it comes to knowing exactly what I need. Anyways, yeah go here. They're awesome.
5	I have been bringing my cars there for the past couple of years.  I have a few things that needed immediate attention and cost me a lot of $$$$.$$  I teased one of the guys, Troy, why he hadn't washed my car.  So he had it washed for me.  I was so happy he went to above and beyond for me.  I was very pleased with his cheerfulness and helpfulness.
4	My family has used three of the Greulich's locations for auto-repair and oil changes since moving to Phoenix.  We've gotten reliable and fast service from all three.  I really enjoy this location off of Chandler near 56th St because it is closest to my home and the guys in the office are nice and haven't tried to up-sell me on unnecessary parts/service.
5	Cheryl Taylor..... I've been to alot of auto repair places since I've lived in AZ but I finally have to say this has been the best one yet. The employees were very friendly they seemed more sincere on finding out what the problems I seem to be having then just quoting me prices without inspecting the issues first. I will defiantly refer my friends and family to these guys I give you a 5 star rating.
