5	Bummer... I thought for sure I'd be the first to review this amazing gelateria after my visit there tonight.  Unfortunately, it looks like Elliot H. beat me to the punch.  Elliot, I will forgive you though - your review was right on!  The BF and I both agree that this is the best gelato we've had in town!  The decor and presentation was extremely appealing... the employee behind the counter was friendly and patient with us; even allowed us each to tase several flavors before making our decisions!I was pleased to see that there were several fat free/sugar free choices (aka doppio zero) and I ended up with ff/sf vanilla and cookie.  Both were amazing and you would never know that they were the healthy choices!The BF went with rasberry and lemon sorbetto and was very pleased as well.  I noticed that you can get 'gelato to go' in pint or quart sizes.  Note to self - this is the perfect dessert to bring to someone's house when they have us for dinner!Total bill for our 2 medium sized gelato:  $8.11.  Level of satisfaction: 5+ stars.Thank you, Sweet Life Gelateria, for a sweet ending to our evening!  We will be back...
5	Superb gelato - some of the best I've ever had! The guy behind the counter is the owner, and he takes pride in his gelato.They only use real sugar, not high fructose corn syrup, and nothing contains hydrogenated oil.I tasted a few flavors and settled on the coconut... it was sublime. Definitely some of the best Gelato I have ever had. When I need a mid day sugar rush... I'll be back!
5	Awesome gelato in a variety of flavors, a beautiful and clean shop, and friendly service - what more could you ask?!  I won't bother with a Gelato Spot comparison, because they're both fantastic - I'm just glad we have one gelato place in this area!  While I usually try to be good and stick to fro-yo from Golden Spoon, I visit Sweet Life every once-in-a-while when I'm at Scottsdale101 or just craving gelato.
5	Yeah !! Just want to let you  know I had to go and sample another Gelato place for my kids sake. They are getting quite used to Gelato and don't even ask for ice cream . If somebody's sweet tooth gets itchy , they ask for a gelato  and nothing else.  Wow what have I started.  Gelato was smooth , creamy tasty and full of chunks. Loved that we could choose from so many possible flavors.Today we had an errand in the general area and so we stopped by to try out the goodies. We loved the Nutty Monkey , Peanut Butter , Cake Batter  and my youngest all time favorite ,, (bleh) Vanilla. The servings were very generous and easily filled us up.Decor and location were great , next a movie theater off the 101 and Scottsdale  yup we will be back. The bright pop art feel  gave our treat and extra punch and we loved the look.  We like the variety of choices and picked out flavors for grandma ,  the plus one and  ourselves for the next visit.  We are looking forward to our next visit.  Really would love to try the blueberry pomegranate  or the mango .
5	Happy to report all family members find Sweet Life delightful!!  Do you think visiting 3 times in 9 days is excessive?
4	I stopped by yesterday and had a wonderful gelato experience.  I tried a small scoop of coconut gelato in a plain waffle cone.  The gelato was dense, creamy and delicious.  The waffle cone was light and crisp.  'Just what I was looking for on a hot Arizona day!  I also tried a sample of the raspberry sorbetto - a fantastic taste explosion!  I will be sure to have a full scoop of the raspberry on my next visit!  However, this habit could get a little pricey.. A small scoop rings up at $3.25, plus $0.59 for the waffle cone.. total price with tax was approx. $4.15.  Thus, the four stars, rather than five stars, on this review.  I went to their website and signed up for the Enewsletter, which promises coupons every other week... hopefully this will give me a price break on what will most likely be a weekly habit going forward!
5	You never can go wrong with Sweet Life. I never have regrets that I stopped by for a treat.  I recommend  Bacio ( choc. and Hazelnut) , Peanut Butter Cup , and Funky Monkey ( peanut Butter and Banana) , we love so many flavors there.  Stopped by yesterday to putting the proverbial icing on the cake of my day !  Matts, LoLos and Sweet Life , it was perfect.
5	Tonight my heart is breaking ...Sweet Life has closed as of December 7.
