3	I have lived here for about 3 years now and have to say that I like the place but recent management changes and some small issues that I have begun to notice more has dropped this from a 4 star too a 3.My apartment now is a 1 bedroom with garage and used to be 2 bedroom 2 bath (suite style) with garage. The apartments are pretty well laid out and have plenty of space as well as a good kitchen layout for cooking. Any issues that come up are usually addressed very quickly by the staff. The apartments are also kept looking nice and the grounds are well cared for. The pool area is nice with the pool being heated and the spa being very warm, being 24/7 is also a nice feature. The workout room is small but well enough appointed that you can probably get away without a gym membership unless your looking for all the machines and bells and whistles of a full gym. Another great thing here is that if you aren't home they will sign for packages that are delivered and hold them in the office until you come get it.One of the best things about this place is that even being in Tempe near campus there really isn't much noise here. It's nice that i can stay home and study on the weekend without large parties or tons of noise. I have generally been on the top floor (my room in the 2 bedroom had nobody above my roommates did) and not too much noise gets transmitted from the floors below up but i can't speak on the middle floors.The things that are bringing the rating down include the lack of parking, each apartment gets 1 covered or 1 garage spot otherwise you need uncovered parking for any other vehicles and good luck finding that. The water pumps are also very noisy when running especially in my 1 bedroom where the pump is right next to the bedroom wall so trying to have somebody take a shower or do a load of dishes makes sleeping very challenging. For some reason the in apartment washing machine will never have a balanced load so always shakes and makes a ton of noise. Also i had to have my fridge replaced and for some reason the the new one is smaller than standard and hard to fit things in sometimes but they did give me a brand new unit to replace the old one.There have been a lot of recent staff changes with only the cleaning lady having been there more than about 6-8months now. All the managers have left and so did the old maintenance guys who were amazing. Some of this change has led to odd behaviors like when renewing my lease i was told i could get a 5 month lease but then when i wanted to sign I couldn't and it took awhile after saying i wanted to renew to have them get back to me with the paperwork. Also out of the blue they stopped taking debit cards to pay rent, first i was told it was broken one month and the next with no warning they weren't taking it at all. For all the stuff I am very happy here the only thing is that it isn't cheap as I pay 800 a month without any utilities and when you renew a lease don't expect to get the same price new move-ins can get only thing they will do is pre-set discounts but they will drop a decent amount if you work with them. While my time here is probably coming to an end, as I look towards the future and getting into a house so I can have a bigger garage, I have enjoyed living here and would recommend people to check it out.
4	I lived at CityScape from July 2009 through August 2010. I enjoyed my stay there. If I didn't purchase a home, I would have no problem still staying at Cityscape.Cityscape might be a bit more expensive than some apartments, but you get some nice perks.There is a diverse group of folks that live here, students, young families and professional and some empty nesters. For the most part, the complex was generally quiet, at least on my end.There are many things to like about CityScape. Cityscape is close to ASU, close to shopping and to many major freeways-60/10, 101.The grounds are kept generally clean although I never enjoyed the 6:30 am lawn mover outside my window.The inside of the apartments are nice with a decent size kitchen. I believe almost all units have washer and dryers included.There is a nice clubhouse that has computers, tvs and dvd rentals. The staff also have several functions at the pool/clubhouse throughout the year. Some really nice things about the complex is the nice pool. hot tub and patio area with propane BBQ. There is an onsite gym with several cardio machines, weight machines and free weights.There are several BBQ pits located throughout the complex.Maintenance was always friendly and quick to fix and issues, There are a few items that weren't great. If you lived on the bottom floor like I did, you could often here your upstairs neighbors rather easily walking around or if they were super loud during an evening. You could also hear the washer later in the evening, The front office went through some changes. During my tenure, there were 3 managers. We had some billing issues at the start of our. We received a move in bonus, but was not accounted for. This occurred two months in a row. One month we were only billed for water and garbage.  Part of it may have been new staff or just incompetence. Luckily, some of those folks were phased out. With the recent rains there was also a nice lake that formed that would last for days. The water was several inches deep and would cover from the garage to the covered car port in my area facing Minton. This just doesn't look good, but was fun to drive through in my truck!I also wish there was more than 1 recycling bin on the grounds, especially when the bin is on the opposite side..Overall, Cityscape was a fun time and I would have no qualms recommending this location to anyone looking for a 1-3 bedroom apt.in the Tempe area.
3	I have lived in this community for 6 months now, and am about to move out. The grounds are well maintained, the staff is friendly, but the buildings are starting to deteriorate. I have had to submit several work orders to get various things fixed throughout my apartment, which has been a bit of a nuisance considering how expensive the rent is. I have been told that another management company will be taking over within the next two months, and that vacant units will be updated. Once updated, these will be a nice place to live due to the excellent location on Rural and Baseline. Rent is a little expensive for the area, especially given that the interiors have not been updated since 1995. If looking to move in, be sure to look into an updated unit to avoid white-washed cabinets and gold fixtures. I LOVE that Whole Foods is across the street, Quik Trip is a stones throw away, and Doc & Eddy's (bar) is within 100 feet from the rear buildings.
4	I really like living at CityScape at Lakeshore Apartment Homes. The community is well-kept and the staff are very friendly and professional. The maintenance crew works really hard to quickly get repairs completed. The gym and pool are also nice features. I must say that I would like this place much better if there were at least two pools. The kids TAKE OVER the pool here and it's not so fun for those of us not ready to have yelling and screaming kids running around their life. I wish there was a kiddie pool or at least more than one pool so you could choose one or the other. The parking lot is also somewhat cramped, it seems pretty narrow for larger vehicles- trucks, Uhauls, campers, etc. Also the painting crew has taken up like 7 of the empty spots for the last few months. It just makes it all that much more difficult to find a parking spot. Like I said I like living here, but if anything these are a few suggestions that I could offer for a better living experience. Thanks!
4	I have lived here for almost a year and I have had nothing but positive experience here. I currently live in a remodeled apartment, and I have to say it is quite nice. When I look for a place to live, the kitchen is the most important aspect when it comes to living. The kitchen is updated with nice countertops, and stove tops. However the down fall to the kitchen is the dish washer, it does not clean the dishes to well. On the other hand, the washer and dryer are not to bad, but it is cheap; meaning the appliances when turning the washing or dryer come off of the machine, but it does its job. I can not complain to that.The bathroom is a very good size for one person, it is not a small little bathroom. You can fit at least 3 people in there without being on top of each other. Lastly, the staff here are very friendly and approachable; and they know your names when you come into the office. If there is a problem with your apartment the maintenance staff fixes it within 24 hours. A negative thing about this place, is when they have a company to come in and trim the trees, collect the loose leaves, the make one big pile  in the middle of the street, where it is difficult to drive around them. When clearly, it makes more sense to gather the leaves on the side where no one parks, so it is not right in the middle of the street; which is obnoxious !Overall, there wil be small issues with apartments, but are fixed right away. Having issues with apartments happens everywhere. The problems that I have again get fixed within 24 hours.
5	I almost don't want to write a positive review because I love my quiet community and want it to stay off the beaten path but they are so wonderful I have to brag. I have lived here for a little under a year and just renewed my lease for another year. The apartment itself is beautiful and spacious and very easy to make feel homey instead of typical cookie cutter apartments. The dishwasher sucks but other than that no complaints. We had old style thermostat and faucet in the sink but when we addressed it, management came and changed it right away. Speaking of management, they are fantastic, super helpful and friendly. They are so great with my dog who often comes into the office with me. It's a beautiful complex. Great location to campus and fun Tempe living but quiet enough for a young professional just starting off. It's been great
5	I've lived at CityScape for 6 months and it has been a great home; clean, quiet, safe, convenient and great amenities. The office and maintenance staff are perhaps the best I've ever encountered over the past few decades. All of them are professional, have a sense of humor and always go above and beyond to be helpful. The pool and the large health club are well maintained as are the grounds. I've just renewed my lease and look forward to continuing to live here. Sarah B.
