5	Every time I find myself on Walnut Street, I have to make a stop in True Runner.  This store is really unique and goes above and beyond compared to other running stores in the area.  Why 5 stars? Let me explain...Selection: Wide variety of shoes. They carry brands such as Mizuno, Brooks, Asics, New Balance, Newton, and Saucony.  Neons or neutral colors, lightweight or stability...there's a shoe for everyone. Also a great selection of clothing, gloves, headbands, gels & energy bites, compression socks, etc. for both men and women.Customer Service: I've never had any trouble finding someone knowledgable to answer my questions about clothes, gear, or shoes.Gait Analysis: If you have a little extra time, I would highly recommend getting your gait and arch analysis done at the store.  Although you might feel a little odd running on a treadmill in your bare feet while someone videos you from behind, the store associates can take that info and recommend shoes for your running style.  I would especially recommend it if you're a beginner runner or having problems with injuries and soreness.Special Features: "True Runner Zone", a locker and changing room area so that you can start and end your run at the store.  Pretty cool feature.  They also have in-store events and regularly scheduled group runs.Store Design: Overall, the store design is very true to the city of Pittsburgh...lots of steel and exposed brick. The coolest part is the big mural on the back wall of the Pittsburgh marathon.  If you're a runner or aspiring runner, I think you'll really enjoy checking out this store.
4	Big.Big.Caveat.  I've never been to this store. However, I did visit with a True Runner rep during their recent visit to LA Fitness in East Liberty. And let me say, I was so impressed with the rep that I will actually visit the store someday. And I'm not even a runner.  Running is for criminals and freeze-tag, in my opinion.  But, for some stupid reason, I recently started contemplated starting a 5K training program, so I stopped by the True Runner table to ask a few questions about running shoes.  The dude was so nice and not at all off-putting like some athletic reps can be (just sayin').  He patiently listened to my concerns and recommended the Brooks Glycerin line of running shoes; saying that, as long as I remembered to stick with a gel-based sole instead of air-filled, my high-impact concerns (old ankle injury) would be a thing of the past. He didn't at all pressure me to visit the store, but I certainly intend to do so someday!
4	Good selection of shoes and knowledgeable staff.  That's really all you need to know.  If you're looking to find a good pair of running shoes, I definitely would recommend stopping by True Runner.  They will take the time to analyze your running movements/feet.  And if you're planning on doing some serious running, it's soooo important to have proper shoes to support and protect your foot/body.
3	True Runner is a little boutique outfit appropriately placed on fancy-pants Walnut St.  It's a small store specifically catered to runners, as you would probably guess from the name.  While stocking mostly running apparel, some accessories can be found here as well.  I came here to find gear appropriate for a half-marathon in March.  The store personel were incredibly helpful in guiding me.  They were personable and did a fantastic job educating me as opposed to pushing me to purchase a particular product.  What True Runner lacks is affordable pricing.  The gear they stock is definitely expensive and could probably found online for cheaper.  Nevertheless, if you're looking for some guidance in your purchases, and don't have the luxury/time of shopping online, I wouldn't hesitate to come here.
4	It's nice to see a new runner-focused store in Pittsburgh, but I'm still not 100% sold on True Runner being my go-to for my running needs...but that's not because of selection or knowledge. It's simply because of the staff's reluctance to step up and help customers that leaves me awkwardly holding a pair of shoes long enough to realize that i'd rather spend this time doing something productive...like running! I've only spent money there once, but that's not for lack of trying to make other purchases.I've been in a handful of times and it's taken entirely too long for staff to come over to help when perusing the shoes. Every. Time. There are always a bunch of staff standing around chatting, though. I can see the appeal of letting people shop without being hassled, but at $150+ for running shoes, you'd think people would be quicker to want to close the sale, answer questions, etc.On the plus side, when someone finally does come over to help, he or she is really helpful. They can tell you all about the pros/cons of each shoe, and they'll give you an honest assessment. I didn't feel like they tried to up-sell me, either, which was really nice. You can have your running style analyzed if you're not sure, and they'll help you find the perfect pair of shoes, too.The other huge plus is the selection. Whether you're a serious runner or you're just getting started, True Runner seems to have just about anything you could imagine for your journey.
5	True runner is wholey owned by dicks.  They will fit you for a pair of shoes properly and have a good selection of other running gear at reasonable prices.They have both Saucony and Brooks lines in one place.  A real win for runners.I highly recommend this place.  Prices  for shoes were a little lower than I have seen elsewhere as well. Not much but 5-10/pair lower.
5	A friend recommended the True Runner store in Shadyside to me after I had posted on Facebook about my relatively new hiking/running shoes causing me foot pain. The staff at this store is amazing! I ran on the treadmill and had my gait analyzed, which was waaay cool. They actually take a video of your feet while you run, and then show you the video on an iPad! How cool and state-of-the-art is that? The analysis enabled the store's talented sales manager, Ian Shreckengast, to show me ONLY the shoes that would specifically work with my foot issues (supination/underpronation), and he even took the shape of my feet into consideration (wide in front, narrow in the heel). He never tried to talk me into buying anything that I didn't absolutely love, and even discouraged me from buying a pair that was fairly comfortable, but just didn't fit right. (My heel was sliding up and down in the shoe as I walked.) A less reputable salesman would have tried talking me into buying every shoe I tried on, but not Ian. I never felt pressured, and he and the rest of the staff were more than happy to answer any questions I had about the shoes, and later, about other merchandise.In the past, I have had a very difficult time finding even one pair of shoes that fit me right. There have been times when I tried on a dozen pairs of shoes at other stores, only to leave without buying anything. But, thanks to the talented staff and advanced fitting techniques at True Runner, I now own TWO PAIRS of SUPER COMFORTABLE and great-fitting hiking/running shoes (Sauconys), and I couldn't be happier. I've never seen a more professional and knowledgeable staff in any shoe store ever before in my entire life! It was a phenomenal experience. These folks really know how to fit you for the perfect pair of shoes for your feet.And, their 30-day guarantee is the icing on the cake! EVEN IF YOU'VE WORN THE SHOES ON THE STREET, you can still return them for a store credit within 30 days! (Full refund if they haven't been worn outside.) I've never heard of a store letting you return shoes that have been worn on the street. That's how confident they are that they've sold you the right shoes for your feet! I was also glad to find some much-needed accessories while I was there. In addition to purchasing two pairs of hiking/running shoes, I also bought a really nice insulated water bottle with hand-strap for easy carrying; two stretchy earmuffs that were a perfect fit (my ears get cold easily); a long-sleeved moisture-wicking  shirt (dual-function--works for exercise AND hot flashes! LOL.); and two really awesome sun visors. (The earmuffs have a slot built into the back to allow a ponytail to be pulled right through! I love that feature.)I have to tell you that the young man who waited on me, Ian, was outstanding and went above and beyond the call of duty! As I was checking out, I mentioned how much I liked the white sun visor I'd found on a clearance rack, and that I wished it came in other colors. He went back to the visor display, and promptly returned with the visor I loved in black! I was thrilled, and bought them both--the white and black visors. What makes these visors so special? The back is a very stretchy, lightweight fabric, which makes them easy to put on, extremely comfortable, and will help keep the hair off the back of my neck. (I have my hair in a ponytail when I hike.)This was a wonderful shopping experience! This is what shoe-shopping (and accessory-shopping) should always be like. I have found my "go-to" store for all my future hiking and running needs. KUDOS the entire staff for their knowledge, good nature, and attention to detail. My advice:  avoid going during crowded times, but if you do, be patient. They're worth the wait. And, if you're not in a hurry, wait for a rainy day to shop. GOOD LUCK & HAPPY SHOPPING!
4	I enjoying popping in every once in a while to check out new running merchandise. I'm an amateur runner at best, but I do enjoy their selection of running apparel, socks, water bottles, and other things.I came in for a gait analysis about six months ago, and the sale associate was very helpful in pointing me toward the best neutral shoes. I have been a Brooks lover for years, and associate encouraged me to upgrade from my usual Ghosts to the Glycerin. I have been running in Glycerins ever since, and they are my new favorite.The prices are on the high side, and it's definitely more of a specialty store, but there is always something new to check out.
5	I've been in 5 time now, buying shoes, returning shoes, going on a group run, getting bandages after taking a spill on 5th ave, and buying shoes again. Every time the staff has been friendly and helpful. Even when they had to sanitize the bathroom floor because I left some blood on it. Their return/exchange policy makes it easier to buy shoes/clothes, because I know that I'll be able to bring it back if something doesn't feel right.
5	Phenomenal, efficient experience. Came in about 8pm on a Saturday evening (they close at 9pm) to have a quick gait analysis and hopefully purchase the perfect shoe. For the past five years I've been running with Vibram's and the lack of support finally caught up to me because of a previous ankle injury.Anyway, an incredibly helpful lady (I wish I'd have caught her name) performed my gait analysis and pointed me to several models that met my criteria from different brands to try on. Oh, she excellently explained what type of shoe I'd need via a video on an iPad; very cool and immediate. We talked throughout the process and landed on the perfect shoe.Bottom line: If I'd have gone to Dunham's I'd have paid less but purchased a shoe that wasn't optimal for exactly how I run. I can already tell this shoe will be perfect for me. I also wouldn't have received the same level of service.Highly recommended! Also, thank you mystery woman and I hope I run into you (not literally) at the Pirates 5K!
5	They have everything! Great people and outstanding customer service. Have a question? They have the answer!!
5	Nothing like having your walking/hiking shoes crap out on a road trip. This happened to me in Pittsburgh, about 2000 miles from home. I saw some shoes I liked in the window of this store and thought I'd take a chance. The store is geared to a fairly athletic and younger market than I am-- I'm in my 60s and walk a lot but would hardly qualify as their target market-- and yet I was welcomed and helped by a very knowledgeable, nice, friendly, and patient sales clerk (Danielle) who knew her merchandise very well and listened to the details of what I was looking for. She brought out several pair of shoes and could actually SEE a positive change in how I was standing and walking when we found a pair that worked. They weren't the ones I came in for and, in fact, were even cheaper than the ones I really liked, but I've worn them every day for a week, including standing for several hours in museums and tours of attractions on the way home, and they've been extremely comfortable, with the arch support and cushioning I need. So kudos to Danielle for treating me with the same respect and helpfulness and the hard-core runners who probably make up a fair share of their clientele. She knew much more about the products they carry and was able to analyze what I said I was looking for (and what she saw in how I walk) and apply it to a pair of Brooks-- a new brand for me and one I'm liking very much. Awesome customer service. I've had the shoes for a week and they've been absolutely perfect for my needs. (I may even try them out in my Zumba class when I get home.) Many thanks. I will be back when I'm in the area again and I recommend the staff, store, selection, and location highly.
5	This place is perfect for beginner runners. Though the reviews were great, it seemed like the only people who shopped here were veteran runners. It seems intimidating for those of us who are just starting out, but the sales associates are super friendly and not judgmental. I was worried that the gait analysis would be daunting, but you run for only 10 seconds at a fairly slow pace. It was enlightening to see that I'm an overpronater, because there's no way I could've ever figured that out on my own. The associate directed me to 2-3 shoes from every brand that would work. That narrowed it down a lot, further convincing me that you should definitely get fitted. I liked one brand and the associate went to grab me a slightly different one from that brand that "had more support." That's the shoe I ended up purchasing. She was right! Also, the process is a lot easier than going to a regular shoe store. They unpackage the shoe, loosen up the laces, and comment on how you walk in them. I was in and out in 15 minutes.I think another reviewer mentioned that the prices are a little higher, but for their running shoes they're equivalent to the manufacturer's price. The ones I saw were $100-$150, pretty standard for quality shoes (though definitely an investment). PLUS you have the benefit of returning them within 30 days! They also didn't pressure me to buy other running gear (something I'd expect them to do as a beginner). Don't be intimidated, you can do this!
5	I've had nothing but excellent customer service at True Runner.  When I started running in Spring of 2013 I went here for my very first pair of real running shoes.  I was incredibly self-conscious about being in a sports store in the first place (let alone to have people look at my feet and sell me products that I didn't really understand).  I was immediately put at ease.  The staff checked out my gait, recommended support shoes, and gave me some really great suggestions of what to look for in a new pair of runners.  It was a really supportive place to shop for an out-of-shape guy.  My Asics GT-3000s were amazing, and I posted over 300 miles on them.This week, I returned to True Runner to replace my worn out shoes.  Again, the service was great and I thought I'd be pleased with what I picked out.  After putting approximately 6 miles on my new shoes, though, I wasn't entirely pleased with the fit and was developing some tenderness on the balls of my feet.  I called the store and was encouraged to stop in for an exchange.  I went today and the exchange process couldn't have been better. I ended up trying on 7 pairs of shoes in several different sizes, and I'm very sure that I'm now in the right shoe for me.  The staff was so patient and made exchanging shoes (something incredibly mundane) quite enjoyable.  I can't recommend this place enough, especially if you're new to running.
