5	Just had my brows threaded and they look amazing! Perfectly shaped and clean looking. I used a groupon. 3 eyebrow shaping sessions for $11. Ridiculously great deal. They girl who did it was super nice and very thorough. She took her time and I appreciated that. I'll be back.
5	I bought a groupon and I'm glad I did. If your looking to get your eyebrows done for a great price then this is the place. The beautiful lady who threaded my eyebrow (I did catch her name, sorry)  took her time and it was nice to just pop in somewhere and then leave 5 minutes later with hair still there. She made sure every hair was gone and my eyebrows and lips look great. She also gave tips on how to grow my eyebrows back faster and listened to what I wanted. I'll definitely be returning. Thanks :)
4	Just stopped in after work after reading the positive reviews and had my eyebrows and upper lip done. I don't remember the upper lip hurting so much but none the less it was a good job done! The girl who did my service was very sweet, the owner I'm assuming. I went about 3 o'clock so it was a slow part of the day. It was very quiet inside as I was the only customer and they don't have music playing though I wish they was some background noise. As far as the salon it was very clean and smelled nice. It was only $13 for both services, really good deal. I will definitely be back for my eyebrows.
5	Awesome place just moved to phoenix from Los Angeles and I must say I was not disappointed
5	After going months without doing my eyebrows to allow them to grow back, I finally decided it was time. I walked in here looking like a caveman and after the lady was done threading my eyebrows, I walked out looking like a woman! I've had my eyebrows threaded and I hated it because it was so painful. Surprisingly, this lady didn't hurt me. After she was done, I looked in the mirror and she noticed that they weren't even and fixed them. NO ONE has ever actually acknowledged their mistakes at any other salon I have went to. $8 for eyebrows. So cheap and so worth it and much more. My eyebrows look beautiful and I got my middle eastern look back! I will be returning!
5	I usually get my eyebrows threaded on my visits to California but I couldn't wait for my next trip any more. I found a great deal on groupon, 3 eyebrow threading sessions for $11! This is a steal since usually their eyebrow threading is $8 per session. The lady who did my eyebrows and my friends was the owners niece. She was so sweet and she told us she was going through cosmetology school. Her service was EXCELLENT! Super kind and professional. She made my friend and I feel so comfortable. My eyebrows look awesome and my friend and I were in and out in under 20 mins or less. We went on Saturday around 11am (3/1/2014). The salon was clean and tidy. She shaped my eyebrows so good and didn't over pluck. I will definitely be returning!! I highly recommend this salon :)
4	I went here for the first time today.  I liked that they were 50% cheaper then other places I've been to for the same services.  They are big and plenty of room, but I would highly recommend calling in for an appointment because when I went I was lucky enough to get seated right away, but a large group of people came in right after me.  It was at least a 45 min wait for some of those women.The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the person who did my threading decided to remove my widows peak without asking me about it first.  I like my widows peak, I've had it for years, maybe people have one.  It gives me a heart shaped face which I like, and now when the hair grows back in that specific area it will be awkward, frizzy, and it won't fit back into my ponytail for a while, I'll need lots of hair gel to tame it.  If they would have asked me I would have told them no, which I now know for the future what to tell them.  But if would have been nice if they would have asked before they did it.Otherwise I liked the place a lot, very very affordable. I've never found a place as cheap as this anywhere else.  I'm overall happy.
5	I had to fire my other eye brow lady at 16th Street & Bethany & when I did, I didn't think anyone else would be able to do my eyebrows the way I love them. I went to Hollywood Salon to get my upper lip threaded a couple of times & one time I went to get my eyebrows threaded & I wasn't happy. They weren't bad but they weren't what I wanted. I've been threading my own eyebrows for a while & today I decided to go back. I went & the difference between now & last time (other than the girl who did them) is I was firm on what I wanted, thick brows, don't remove the baby hairs, ONLY trim a certain part of my brow, and NO lotion (I use my own organic Shea Butter that I apply myself after I wash my hands). Sita was the one who did my eyebrows & she has also threaded my upper lip before. The lady who did my eyebrows originally wasn't Sita, it was someone else. Sita actually did pretty great, better than my old lady who used to do them. I was surprised. I am VERY happy! When I walked out I wasn't b/c they looked to thin but when I got home & really looked at them I was satisfied! They feel "lifted" but still thick. Just the way I like them.
4	This location has been open for about 6 moths or so and I visited for the first time last week. It is very clean and the atmosphere is nice. The prices were great- only $8 for brow threading. Amrita listened to my needs (I am growing my brows out). She didn't overthread and let me where to fill in my brows in order to achieve my desired shape. The threading was fairly gentle and did not hurt as much as other threading I've had.  I also recieved a loyalty card- after 7 brow threadings, you get a free threading. You can also get a free threading when you bring 3 new customers. I will def go back. No wait, good service, clean enviornment, great price. Took off one star because there was only one employee and two chairs. Not sure if there are other employees, but if a lot of people go in (or someone if threading full face), there may be a long wait.
4	This was very convenient for my needs and I had very little wait time.  I have had my eyebrows threaded before but this time I opted for the whole face.  I wasn't fully prepared for the hurt but it wasn't something I couldn't handle and the girls before me didn't even flinch.  The technician was very nice and meticulous.  My face felt amazing after.  The only thing is I had a wedding to go to the next day and had to wear a ton of makeup.  Do this when you can let your face rest for a day or two.
4	I came here because of another yelpers review that compared them to Dolly's in San Diego. I'm a San Diegan and Dolly's is my spot! I need a place in Phoenix so I tried then out and had a good experience. Sita did my eyebrows and she did a great job.
5	I've gone to 3 different eyebrow places in AZ and had horrific experiences, but I Had an amazing experience here! Would definitely recommend for eyebrow!!! Great price and great job! Definitely will be a regular!
2	The place was easy to find and very clean and organized. There was no music playing so it was kind of quiet and awkward. The woman who did my brows was quiet as well and I had a hard time understanding her, but she was very nice. I got my eyebrows done and it was my first time getting them threaded. It was painful and I underestimated how many hairs they pull out at a time. I do think however that my eyebrows don't match as much as I would like and the left one is a bit smaller than the right. I also think she didn't listen to me as when I came in I had thick brows, and I told her I wanted to keep them thick but just have her shape them. I think I wasted my breath because they are thinner than I am used to, especially the left one.The lady even said she has been doing this for 6 or 7 years! Her work doesn't match her years...I'm not sure if I will go back and if I do, I may ask if they can fix them because the right one appears to have a bit more hair than the left. The price was good; only $8 but I feel like I could have gotten a better job done somewhere else with my money.
5	I love this place so much that I drive 20 minutes to get them done here. Try and get Sita she's the best. They're all "good" but Sita somehow can give me an arch in my otherwise straight useless eyebrow. I get compliments on my eyebrows all the time. My only wish is that they had some music. The place is too quiet. Love these girls!!! Oh did I mention it's cheap 10 bucks with tip!
5	Awesome eyebrow threading if you ever need a place in Phoenix. It's cheap compared to other places ($8) and conveniently located next to a Walmart Super-center and other stores. Threading was painless and very thorough. She even did the forehead, which most places don't do. Used good thread so it didn't break frequently and massaged the eyebrows afterward. Place is very clean and spacious. Wait was five minutes because I don't think that many people come here.
2	The last 3 times I went they butchered my eyebrows. Bummed cause now I have to find a new spot. I can't handle jacked eyebrows .
4	I love this place!  The women do a great job threading and are fast and friendly while they do it.  I get a full face thread and they are very good and reasonable.  I like that there is a store rather than a mall kiosk where you feel like exposed.  Nice quiet store with beautiful Indian music and nice staff.
5	I love this place my eyebrows looked like a movie star and they only took a few minutes. I was very pleased with my service.
