1	Hey Southwest:It's no surprise why people whisper behind your back, calling you "SouthWORST." It's no surprise why, when asked, your unfortunate patrons say they feel miserable whenever they fly on your airline. It's true. You make people miserable - with your strange and stupid delays, your cattle-call boarding, your small seats with no leg room and your rude, obnoxious employees. To your surprise, it does, indeed, sometimes rain in Phoenix (and even Las Vegas, for that matter). Sometimes with rain, comes fog and low visibility. I think you should have learned that in 3rd grade science. In any case, whenever it rains, you, SouthWORST, forget flying fundamentals - perhaps like an actor with stage fright - and simply refuse to perform. It's true; you make people miserable. You make them wait in other cramped airports for four to six hours (maybe longer), just hoping to soon be boarding, just hoping there's not an excruciating wait on the tar mat or that their checked bag(s) won't end up in Bangladesh.They say misery likes company. I believe you hate yourself, SouthWORST. I would, too, if I were you. So, in hating yourself, you hate others. You bully them, take their money, make them wait, cackle when you know they're hungry, tired and in need of some deodorant and a breath mint. You're miserable, SouthWORST, and you make me miserable, too. Disregards, Alicia
5	I am faithful and loyal. Simply give me personal service and a good deal, and I am yours forever.The fact that someone answers the phone when you call is a gift in itself. Airline travel is never going to be perfect or seamless, but I am inspired by this company who keeps a friendly attitude for the most part and a good sense of humor. I do get a good laugh out of the A/B/C lines and people camping out to make sure they get on first. I was thrilled to hear about the change in boarding and that now, people with kids have to actually suffer with the rest of us.Now if only JetBlue would make a direct flight to the Bay... there would be a strong competitor for my cheap ass!
2	I don't mind the cattle call or the delays or the crappy seats, I don't - it's Southwest, you know that going in - you're gonna get what you paid for. It's the service, or lack thereof, that kills me. Southwest employees are so unprofessional, they're teen-age kids at home alone when their parents are in Europe for a month - inviting all their friends over, trashing the house, breaking into the liquor cabinet... Seriously, I think the flight attendant on my last flight was drunk. You should have heard her little safety announcement/orientation speech. Here's an excerpt (you'll have to imagine her intermittent hiccups and giggles yourself): 'The light button over your seat will turn on your light. The flight attendant button, on the other hand, will not turn on your flight attendant.' Amusing? Sure. Did the attitude instill a sense of confidence that an emergency situation would be handled quickly & efficiently? Hell no.
4	I like southwest. I fly them for business a lot - especially to California and other nearby states, though I've flown them to the east coast, too. I don't care about unassigned seating. I always get an aisle seat. Just check in 24 hours early! Most people don't. You can even check in, not have a printer, then just pick up a boarding pass from the machine at the airport. I do that a lot for my return travel. Their frequent flyer program is good, I fly on southwest for free, a LOT. I just earned another ticket this week. I think it's my 5th! I also get free drink coupons in the mail from them. I never use them all, and so on a flight I'll be on right before they expire, I'll bring all I have with me and be mr. popular in the area I'm sitting, because I got the other nearby passengers free drinks.Anyway, what do you expect? All airlines are more or less the same. If you're going to want something to eat or drink on the plane, just pack it with you. Then you can have exactly what you want. Southwest is a low priced carrier, but the seats are comfortable and the planes are clean. I mean, I get on the plane, sit in a chair for a few hours, and get off. I don't have too high of an expectation in terms of needing hosts/hostesses to fawn over you or smile or whatever. I just want to get there with my luggage, on time. They generally do that, are usually among the most reasonably priced, and their freq flyer program is great.  So I giver them a high rating!About their freq flyer thing - when I book my hotel and rental car with it too, I can still use all my normal discount codes etc from membership in whatever, but also double dip on points!!! So - for example - I get say - Hilton points, Hertz points, AND Southwest miles - for booking it through the Southwest site. And the same price as booking directly. I don't know why Southwest doesn't advertise this? With the double dipping and frequent travel, I have been collecting points FAST since I figured this out recently.Next personal trip - SF!
4	I don't know why they changed the boarding system recently, but I like it. Having small children will no longer get you ahead of my A boarding pass. Good. You can check in early like everyone else if you want a decent seat.Now if only the stewardesses would give up the whole can of Coke without me having to beg for it...
3	After a surprisingly pleasant Southwest customer experience, I've decided to give them another star...So I arrived at the Austin airport two hours early for my flight back to Phoenix (am I the only one that still arrives this early?), only to discover that my flight's been delayed two hours (I'd been camping for a few days out at Enchanted Rock without means of checking their website before we headed out). So I'm depressed, staring down the barrel of 9 more hours before I get home (4 for the airport wait / 5 for the flight - yeah, I bought the cheapest ticket possible, w/ 2 stops).As I'm heading for Security, I spot another flight on the monitor, this one leaving in half an hour. I march directly to the gate counter; there's a long line, but it's moving at a very efficient pace. Once up front just a couple of minutes later, I'm greeted with a big smile (I know - right! Wasn't expecting that!) Flight's pretty full and there's already a few folks on the wait list, but she'll see what she can do. She warned me she wouldn't know until last minute, but was kind enough to check in with me several times while I waited, making sure I knew she hadn't forgotten about me. And lo and behold, she came through for me. Last minute, just before they closed the doors, but I was on that plane, no ticket switching charge, in a window seat no less, and to top it off, it was direct - only 2 hours long. Thank you Southwest lady! Not for just doing your job but being so darn nice about it.Oh yeah, did get another choice quote from a flight attendant as we came in for landing:"Thank you for flying Southwest. Your flight today was sponsored by: Sally's House of Plaid, where if you're sad, it's time to wear plaid... And Little Johnny's Sewer Service, where your number two is our number one." WTF?
5	I love Southwest. So much so that I should buy stock.Aside from the fact that I never have time to finish my adult beverage on the way to Vegas before we descend, there is absolutely nothing to complain about.Cheap, quick and easy. Just the way I like my men.
1	Moooo.  Like cattle, we line up to go through the line and get on the plane.  In the past, there was mauling and gnashing of teeth to see who could be at the front of the 'A' line, and then a senior citizen or parent with 4 kids would snag the exit row because they were allowed to pre-board (even though legally they're not supposed to sit in the exit row if they're so old that they need extra time to get a seat, or if a parent watching kids).  My only consolation is seeing how irate the families get now that their precious "family boarding" is after the 'A' group, making them have to push and shove with the rest of us, and fight to the death for precious overhead space.We don't have a fist-fight at the front of the 'A' line any longer.  Instead, there are a bunch of pathetic people who sit in front of their computer and wait until exactly 24 hours before the flight to log on and claim their 'A' boarding pass.  What is amusing is that I tried this once, at exactly the 24 hour limit, and yet I'm somehow #33 in the 'A' group.  Way to go Southwest - eliminate once crazy line and create another.Stewards and Stewardesses are dressed casual, make jokes that are marginally funny at best, and have ruined air travel for the rest of us on other airlines because so many people are accustomed to behaving and dressing however they want on a flight.  Oh God, bring back the days when air travel was a luxury, and the bus people took the bus (or Amtrak, for that matter).  Southwest is truly the Wal-Mart of airlines, and has impacted the air travel industry negatively for who knows how long.
2	As someone who has had working experience in the airline industry on the scheduling and pricing end, I feel I can't gripe about the usual boohoos everyone else has about the airline industry. To clear up a few things to express my point: -Long lines: this is a part of going to the airport. Get over it or deal with the several-times-longer method of surface transit-Delays: this is another part of the airport experience. So what if it's sunny and gorgeous outside. Your flight began in Atlanta, where there are thunderstorms and tornadoes. -Cranky people: air travel may not be as easy as you think. In the year 2009, the questions people still ask surprise me. *Fun Fact: Did you know an E-ticket is exactly that? An ELECTRONIC ticket. Yeah, you can book travel and go to the airport with nothing but your government-issued ID and you'll get a boarding pass. You REALLY don't need anything else. Little kinks in the grand system and little things happening in people's lives can make them a bit cranky-Uncomfortable seats: airplanes are metal tubes run by people who want to cram as many people in as possible in order to make a profit. This is a capitalist society and that's just part of it. Lower-quality seats are cheaper to purchase than plush velvet.That and more make up the curse of air travel. Now, I will focus specifically on Southwest. They are a "closet hub-and-spoke" airline, as in they consider themselves point-to-point. I will admit that they do offer a fair selection of some point-to-point routes. However like all airlines they have hubs and focus cities, Phoenix being one of their hubs. This means that it is likely that if you live here, or visit here frequently, you will use it for a domestic flight. They are decent for Vegas or Southern California cities, but aren't a great option for many large cities east of Arizona, especially those with two or more commercial airports, as they typically service the most inconvenient ones for vacations, such as BWI, Dallas Love, Chicago Midway or MacArthur Islip on Long Island. Their flight attendants remind me of preschool teachers and it seems they get end-of-the-year bonuses for acting like clowns. They're nice and friendly, but a bit overly perky and bubbly. The unassigned seating is a fiasco and this airline more than any other American carrier seems to be the de facto family carrier. I haven't been on any other carrier that attracts as many children, and I've been on a long list from American to Continental, from Cathay Pacific to Thai, from Asiana to AirFrance. Southwest  does offer competitive rates, but you will get what you pay for, including a flying day care and mystery seat. The whole A,B,C boarding process is ridiculous, as you really have no say in where you sit. For a weekend trip to Vegas or Southern California, from Phoenix, your options are US Airways, Southwest or United Express (LAX only) and in my opinion, unless Southwest offered an unbeatable deal, I would pay a little more to take either of the other two.I could prattle on about specific experiences, though those could happen on any airline. In short, the structure and policies of Southwest are its weakest points. I will say that it isn't the worst airline I've ever been on (Aeroflot is the absolute worst and most likely will always be the absolute worst) but I would definitely look at other options, even choosing a layover on a different carrier though Southwest might offer a non-stop option. As I said before, I would fly it again, but only if the difference in fare between it and its competition was significantly lower.
4	I really like Southwest Airlines.  While not fancy, they do exactly what they are supposed to do -  get you where you are going safely and efficiently - with your luggage!- Great customer service as well as friendly staff and crew- Inexpensive flights with frequent time slots to choose from, as well as super easy online check-in- No charge for two - count 'em TWO checked bags.  Yep, I can shop as much as I want at my destination and still drag it all home- OK, parents will not like me for this one - families with children are not given priority boarding before everyone, but are slotted between the A and B boarding groups.  There are still plenty of seats to be had for you large family types, but those of us without children are not penalized. - Wise-cracking flight attendants.  My favorite was on a flight to Vegas.  When it was time to collect the service items prior to landing the attendant on the speaker said "OK people, pass all your cups and glasses to the aisle - we are not going to fly around all day so you can drink"  Hahaha!
2	I liked them a lot until I had to call them to get the discount fare for the toddler but since I was booking our tickets together (because a two year old legally can't fly alone so I HAD to) on the phone, I wasn't getting the lower internet rate.  That's extortion!  I'd much rather do the entire thing on the internet.  Then he tells me that the child's fare goes off of the regular rate which is only one dollar less than the internet rate.  What the hell?  Why would I ever want to sit on hold for 25 minutes to book a flight to get this crap?  Then they tried to get me to pay $15 more for the next class up (I know, upper class on Southwest - strange).  I asked what I got:  1.25 times the miles (yeah, you heard right 25% more - that's going to get me far), first boarding and a free drink.  I clarified that with a child I get to board first anyway (they confirmed this).  Then I asked how much a drink costs.  $5.  So essentially they are asking me to pay $15 instead of $5 for a drink I may or may not want (then again, I'm traveling with a child so who am I kidding, I'm going to need a drink).  And to top it all off, they tell me we can't do on-line check in because Beckham doesn't have a picture ID.  I tell them but he does have a picture ID.  He has a passport, in fact he has two.  The Southwest person tells me no one has two passports so I tell him that no, it's true.  The toddler and I both have two as we have dual citizenship.  (Not that we would need them to fly to California so the whole conversation is entirely pointless now.)  The Southwest man being the all-knowing scholar he is tells me that's impossible and illegal.  I take a deep breathe, tell him he's right, I'm wrong, how stupid I am.  I must be thinking of my library card.    Why are things so difficult sometimes?
3	While our whole family has been using Southwest for around 30 years, and have obviously been pleased, getting stuck here in Phoenix for 6 hours was certainly out of the norm...  A friend and I were coming back from a convention in Los Angeles and hand carrying about 200 pounds of laptops, computers and audio and video recording equipment that we just didn't care to check (have handled with other luggage).   I know we were pushing the limit of carry on weight and if we had had any idea what was going to happen we would not have even thought of carrying that much weight. What ended up happening, we still don't quite know.  We suspect there was something wrong with the plane that we were supposed to be getting on to get back to Texas.   It either wasn't there, or they grounded it or something and we were told that our plane was coming from NEW YORK and it was going to take a "few hours".   We were like, WTF!?   WHY, would they send a plane from New York almost to California and Mexico to take us back home to Southeast Texas???  They were not joking.   It took about 4.5 hours for our plane to arrive.   It really did come from New York, empty, to take us home.   Now to Southwests credit, they fed us.   They ordered like 75-80 large pizzas from Domino's whom delivered them to us.   So we got to eat and chit chat with people from all over the world, take some naps on the floor and basically live there in the terminal for a large slice of our day.   Here's my major gripe.   After all of this, and having boarding group A, we were just ready to get on the damn plane and get home.  My friend's wife was wondering what in the world was going on, we were both getting irritable and what happens?   A group of 17 people (yes we counted them) obviously from another country where courtesy and honesty must not exist, all pre-boarded to accompany a SINGLE child that was like 6-7 years old!    NO KIDDING!    I mean, what kind of BS is that?  When we finally left out, it was well after the airport had closed and SW had to get special clearance from the FAA to leave at 2:30am since it was after noise regulation time.   We got the clearance, pilot said he was going to push it, got up to 47,000 feet and hauled ass way above and across Texas and back to Houston.  The pilot was able to cut 35 minutes off the normal flight time and we were going so fast that the nose of the plane was up higher than normal.     I have read that a 737 is capable of breaking the sound barrier (768 mph) and while I am sure a commercial pilot would not do something like that, I actually asked the stewardess how fast we were going.  She went and asked the pilot and she came back with the answer.   "About 700 mph."   That was the fastest I have ever gone in a 737 before.This was a very unusual experience to have with Southwest, and aside from the 17 people boarding with one child, I like how they handled the situation.   I'd still be interested to know what happened to the plane that was supposed to be there for us when we came from Los Angeles, but they didn't have much information other than the fact that it might have been a safety issue....    Stuff happens.  I still like Southwest and use them all the time.
5	Southwest just kicks ass.  They always have amazingly cheap flight specials, are on time, and their crew rocks.  Any airline that will let their flight attendants sing the destination over the loudspeaker is ok with me.  Plus, they're not subscribing to this ridiculous fee-for-bags thing that everyone else is doing.  I can't really ask for much more in an airline.
5	Do you enjoy sitting next to crazy people who have no problems invading your space? I sure do!  Luckily Southwest has provided me with the wonderful opportunity to enjoy my favorite past time.  The flights are always ridiculously cheap, I swear the employees are high off of something because they are always happy, and I think the pilots are speeding (my flight always arrives 15 minutes early!).  All planes are pretty much the same, and Southwest goes out of there way to make a little more enjoyable at the cheapest cost.  Unless I am going international, Southwest is my go to airline!
4	You keep me always guessing , just when I think I am so through with  you , you change it up!   On my most recent trip to New York , here are all the things they  did   well considering the cost. 1. Offering better snacks than before , do I  eat the snacks no but thanks for offering.2. You actually got us there ahead of schedule of 2 out of 4 flights.3. You acted like you cared on all the flights , all of them not just one nice stewie but all were considerate.4. The plane seemed clean and maybe more room than before...5.You offer that amusing double line up to board the plane .. way fun guys.  You make friends, check out luggage, practice your number order and reading skills ...all good. 6.  You offered good prices and bargains based on times and availability  I like that. Thanks Southwest nice to know I don't have to dread the next time I  need to fly    with  you.
5	First time on WN....PHX to LAS 10:35 Mon morning 28 Dec...checked in online day before and got A pos 42....always preferred other airlines because I could choose my seat in advance and have frequent flyer mileage....luckily got first row window with more leg room....attendants were as friendly as I've ever had...left and arrived on time...will probably fly WN again
5	These days flying is really not as exciting as it used to be and I consider myself very 'no frills' .Some recent trips have left me to really appreciate Southwest Airlines even MORE!!: - bags fly free - frequent connecting flights - everyone - staff and passengers seemed pretty happy - is it just me that noticed this? - pretty good on the ontime arrival and departure - where I never used to judge the munchies - they were notable - did I mention they were VERY COMPETITIVELY PRICED??!!!:)))))
1	Southwest so-slow.
4	I love flying Southwest Airlines. When I trying to book a flight on-line, the rates were changing and I had trouble with getting the lower price. So I called them. The person I spoke with got me the lower price and I was able to save a lot of money on a nonstop, round trip flight from Phoenix to Baltimore! Thanks so much!
5	I have flown on Southwest Airlines virtually every week since 2002. For 5 years I was flying SWA out of ABQ and for the past 8 years I have been flying SWA out of PHX.  The best thing about SWA is their people... They actually seem to care about their customers, especially in comparison to any other airline I have flown... And, I have flown on every domestic carrier! There have been several instances where this genuine concern became very apparent to this high mileage road warrior. I fly enough to have both A-List and the Free Companion Card. Once when an emergency came up, my wife had to return from PVD the day before I could return, after much consternation, a manager was brought to the ticket counter at the T. F. Green Airport in PVD and he went ahead and issued a ticket to my wife at No Charge, despite the fact that I was not going to take the same flight until the next day... Hooray for that manager in PVD! He did the right thing despite violating company policy.  For people like me who travel on business as part of their regular weekly job duties, the fact that SWA does not penalize their fliers for changing tickets at the last minute is the most truly distinguishing official policy difference with other airlines.  There have been many times I have arrived to the airport several hours earlier than planned due to finishing work in less time than originally estimated.  If there are seats available on an earlier flight home, no problem, SWA will put you on the earlier flight without a $150 change fee like other airlines.  This is great, and it works when you are late as well!  Despite being a former US Airways Chairman Preferred snob who swore he would never fly on the "Southwest Bus", SWA has become my carrier of preference to the point where I will fly into an airport further away from my local destination, so I can fly on Southwest instead of any of the other "We Hate Our Passengers" airlines!  Southwest luvs their passengers and their people's attitudes show it.
4	$59 flights on Thanksgiving week? Yes please.Southwest is one of the ONLY reasons I was able to go on a honeymoon. After laying out thousands of dollars on a wedding and thanksgiving coming up, it was looking almost impossible to be able to afford it.  I was able to find $59 fares from Phoenix to Denver and $59 on the way back. The way back was the day before Thanksgiving, the busiest travel day, we were amazed that they even offered it considering everything goes up in price to make more money off this holiday.The best thing about them is what they don't do. Bag fees. That's one thing that really grinds my gears. So thank you southwest.
5	Knock on wood I have never been disappointed of southwest's service and unbeatable prices... Oh yeah and bags fly free!
2	Over the years I loved flying SW..however, after a security flaw caused by them not checking the plane from the overnight return on the west coast to Boston....we  missed connecting flights and a day of learning from the CyberStar convention I was headed to that day....the frustration was the fact that they did not offer anything ... not that you are looking for it but it was not weather related, maintenance etc...it was there lack of systems that finally caught the mishap while we were on the runway....Yes..airlines are under much scrutiny and I am happy to be safe than sorry; however, the fair trade and expectation was broken...I will give them another chance but this seems to be the rule not the exception.....my 3 cents with inflation...
1	okayto quote the Stones; you're not the only one, with mixed emotions! I am and will continue to be a loyal SW airlines customer, I've only traveled with them, and I must say I dont have any complaints with the pilots, sexy stews, and the quality of their planes prices yada yada yadaBUT(and this is an epic but, like Kim Kardashian's, or J.Lo's, or Kirstie Alley's or ...well you get the picture)Whoever the ambivalent imp, who haphazardly handled this patrons luggage on my return trip from california, is should be dragged out from his hiding place, sealed inside the thunderdome and viciously torn to shreds by a mutant with retard strength- while I cackle from a platform with a silver lightning shaped streak in my jew fro and the sequins on my bedazzled Tina Turner outfit glimmer in the dusk of a day permeated with my vengeance.*cough cough* ahemwhere was I...oh yeah, My huge beef with this airline is how careless the baggage handlers are, I've watched them unload peoples bags from their little carts they drive around the tarmac on, and those guys act as if they're lobbing piles of garbage off a dump truck. I have, no had, a vintage WWII rucksack my uncle gave me for christmas one year that I used to use for all my travels. It was sturdy and had survived a fucking world war for christ sake! well once the careless monkeys SW employs to handle their customers baggage got their mits on it, it returned to me from the baggage carousel with two of its leather straps broken, and some articles missing. giant WTF moment for me, minor incident for them. no scratch that, it isnt an incident if you cant even get an apology out of a single one of their employees.Needless to say nowadays I pack light enough to ensure I dont have to check my bags.
5	I've been traveling every week since 2003 and Southwest Airlines is my airline of choice. The reasons are many: Simplicity, great customer service, the high frequency of flights, reliability, no change or baggage fees. Southwest has earned my loyalty.
4	i wish all airlines have no change fees!i love the positive attitude of the flight crew!tip: sit in the exit row and be willing to help in the event of the emergency! gals: don't wear flip flops or 5 inch heels on a flight. i have seen this too many times and i wonder what would happen if they have tripped running for an exit!
5	Man, I love Southwest.  Best airline ever.  After a bunch of holiday delays on my way home from a business trip they comped us all a round of drinks.  It's nice to have an airline that can give you a glass of wine to compensate for a one hour delay.  Cheers to that!
5	I LOVE southwest!!  One of the only remaining airlines in the states that gives you free snacks and drinks for your flight.  Attendants look like they actually like their jobs, and also look under the age of 35, which is a rarity these days.I love the comedic safety info, as it really gets you to listen.  The seats aren't the most comfortable, but the flights aren't actually that long, so I was fine.I actually love the no seating assignment rule, too.  You are still, to a degree, getting to choose who you sit next to/where on the plane you sit.  I personally tried to avoid people with babies (sorry, I like to sleep).One thing I'm dying to know, though, is why southwest passengers take longer ton disembark from the plane than any other airline?? Hurry up, people!
4	B28.  Sounds like bingo but it was my position in line to get on the plane home.  Ok I am not crazy about standing in line and hoping to get an aisle or window but once on the plane the crew made for a fun trip.  I had plenty of room for my knees and the peanuts helped a few minutes pass.I do think most people know they have to check in 24 hours prior to flight.  If  not they get C on their boarding pass which really means middle seat. This is ok if your traveling with someone you know.  This is my choice of airlines if possible.
4	I have been flying somewhere for business or pleasure just about every week for 15 years... Most airlines operate on the basis of despising their passengers. Southwest is unique in that their employees are happy to work there, and seem to genuinely like their passengers.  After being a "Platinum" and "Chairman Preferred" frequent flyer on other airlines, with First Class upgrades and overcrowded VIP lounges, I am now doing 90% of my travel on Southwest because they simply do a better job of consistently getting me to my destination, on time, while treating me like a true friend along the way.  I tell many other travelers that I choose Southwest Airlines because they take all the drama out of air travel!
4	Southwest is Southwest but what stands out now is that they finally offer internet in flight. It's $5 and worth it but the connection can be very, very slow. My advice is only buy it if you need to work on the flight but be warned the connection might be slow. But hey, we are thousands of feet in the air so it can't be a huge surprise it's slow.
4	I used to hate this airline, but you know what. When you want to hop over to LA or Vegas from PHX, their internet fares and getaway fares are awesome. It really is like a bus in the sky, but if you make sure to check in online - and only book short flights - this is a perfect solution.When I want to pop down to Los Angeles to see family or go to events or jump over the Vegas for a weekend, this really makes sense.
1	I'm disappointed that I left SJ, CA without any problems. But leaving Phoenix AZ I was charged 50 dollars for my luggage be 4 pounds over weight.  I left AZ with exactly what I left home with if not less.  Thanks for nothing Southwest. This is totally BS
4	Great for business short hops. I'm not sure I could go much more than 1 to 1.5 hours on SWA. Positives:Happy employeesontime--mostlyFree bagsEasy to change flightsrefundable tickets aren't that much morefaster internet than GoGo WirelessNegativesOld planesWeird boarding processreally crowded with inexperienced travelersNet-net, I'll fly Southwest, but always allow for extra time. I guess you can waste time with an always late airline, or standing in a crazy TSA line. Air travel needs an overhaul!
5	An outstanding business model with wonderful people to execute makes for a very successful enterprise.I've been a loyal Southwest customer for many years, traveling for both business and pleasure frequently. But Southwest was not an easy choice. Growing up in Denver and watching Frontier grow as the hometown airline where you couldn't help but have an emotional connection (I was incredibly loyal to Frontier). However, unlike Frontier, or others that try to make you feel special on the outside, but slowly push you towards the realization that they're nothing more than just a money making facade, Southwest is the real deal.First, no great business can have mediocre people. And I'm convinced that mediocre are bred at large facilities specializing in making people robot drones that have no personality, no ability to think critically and follow an exact script- insert US Airways training facility here.Southwest however actually allows their employees the freedom and ability to ACT! Their opinions respected and their decisions honored. What other airline allows their flight attendants to "buy" the guy in seat 22A a drink for moving yet a few more rows back to accommodate a family with screaming children? Unfortunately in most other places that drink would have been inventoried, check-listed and held under lock and key until the payment cleared the Federal Reserve and Alan Greenspan returned back to Washington to approve.Second, the business model. For the customer it's easy, it's convenient and it's actually flexible! You can figure out with a very low IQ exactly how everything works. Need to change a ticket? Yes, and there is no, "bam! surprise $150 change fee."Fly frequently? In a very short period of time you're considered a loyal customer and placed on the A-List or A-List Preferred- which also happens to be the best loyalty program in the world. Yes, I said it... world! If you disagree, go educate yourself. Free priority baggage check and priority security screening so that arriving at the airport 2 hours before your scheduled departure isn't necessary- yes please.Kind of like the tooth fairy as a kid, though even more unexpected Southwest actually puts stuff in my mailbox. The most beneficial of which are my annual birthday card (1 of two birthday cards I received this year; thanks mom) and DRINK COUPONS! Hooray for free drinks.I keep reading reviews that say Southwest is great for short flights, however I believe that Southwest is great for ANY flight. I also read reviews about the uncomfortable seats... really? At 6'5" I would consider myself just shy of an expert on airline seating arrangements. Really though, the experts over at SeatGuru have confirmed what I've known to be true for a very long time. Southwest seats have more space between the seat in front of them and the best "full, upright position" seat pitch. Unless you pay for an upgrade over at US, Southwest has the most comfortable seats in the airline business.--Side note, I actually have to sit with my feet elevated off the ground on most planes as the distance from my lower back to knee is greater than the space between the back and bottom of the seat and the frequent flier magazine crammed into the seat back pocket of the seat in front of me. Now that just sucks- and I don't have to deal with that with Southwest.Overall, a phenomenal airline with great people that make flying just a bit more exciting and dare I say it, enjoyable. Thanks Southwest- you guys rock!
1	Southwest Airlines portrays themselves as a great bargain with "no hidden fees".  However, they are no bargain when it comes to the fares they charge.  They are priced the same as other carriers.  But that is not my issue with them, its the "no hidden fees" they claim do not exist.I flew from Phoenix to Oakland CA round trip for $370.00.  On my return, my meetings ended early and I went to the airport 5 hours early to see if I could get on another flight stand-by.  I soon discovered Southwest does not do "stand by".  Yes, there was an earlier flight and it was about half full.  But if I wanted to get on that plane, I had to pay the difference in the airfare which was $163.00.  The later flight I was booked on was over sold.  I tried to reason with them and they flat out refused to accomodate me.  I own a business and fly quite a bit.  I had hoped SW Air would be a good choice.  It was clearly not.  If your travel plans are locked in and will not change and you have a bag under 50 lbs (do not go even 1 lb over or its $50), and you do not mind the old planes and paying the same fare as much nicer airlines, then SWA is your airline.  But, if you may need to try to catch an earlier return flight sometimes and want to go stand by, there is no Stand By with Southwest.  Essentially they make you buy a one way ticket to go on an earlier flight.  Dont even bother appealing it, they do not care.  I was very pleasant, nothing worked.  I called supervisors as i sat in the airport, they did not care.  I contacted higher ups in Linkedin, no one ever responded.  US Air as I found later had a fare $100 cheaper and they allow their customers to go stand by on earlier flights at no extra charge.  They are the airline I will be using in the future.  Every Southwest commercial I see now really irritates me with their false advertising.  The red tape, no hidden fees, etc.  At least the other airlines do not try to portray themselves as something they are not.  Southwest does.  I will never fly that airline again unless their are the very last option, I would take Greyhound before I would fly them.  Old dirty planes, some (not all) rude and unempowered employees, and some very underhanded and dirty fees.  I warned a friend and he just had the exact same thing happen to him in Vegas.  They wanted him to pay the fare difference of $135 to catch a flight 4 hours earlier.  You have been warned.
5	After 20 years of traveling around the world a five star review for an airline seems crazy to me but most recently I have been very impressed with Southwest.  The fairs are very reasonable almost certainly less in every case compared to the competition and with no hidden fees.  The free bags (your first 2) was also a huge part of the rating for this company.  On a recent flight with US Airways we paid more than $150.00 just for extra baggage fees to fly with them.  Goodbye US Airways you have lost our business forever.  Our last couple of flights to Vegas on Southwest we actually arrived ahead of schedule.  The open seating on Southwest was a little different however once we got used to it this was actually a great concept as everyone simply chooses the seat they want.  If seating is of great importance to you just get their a little early and you will have first choice of the entire plane.  Awsome.  Finally, a feature that I love with Southwest is that you can manage your own tickets online.  Example:  We bought tickets to fly to San Diego a couple months ago $151.00 round trip - great price and weren't able to make the flight.  I simply went online to my Southwest account and changed our reservations with absolutely no fees.  How cool is that.  I can simply book my own travel and make changes up to the day of departure with no additional fees or penalties.  We have done this a couple times and it actually works out great for Southwest because they done have to pay for employees to amend our schedules and in our case we actually upgraded our flight so everyone wins.  On time hassle free flights, very friendly staff, free bags, lowest fares, open seating and my own personal online management systems are all reasons this airline deserves the best rating available.  Damn good job Southwest.  See you soon.
5	I have never really had any bad experiences while flying, especially on Southwest. The fact that you can have two checked bags and a carry-on free is awesome for the wallet, and their planes and staff are nice. The only problem I had in Phoenix was that there was a delay, but when it's about the plane it's not on the airline. Great job SWA!
5	This airline is awesome.  Prices are alway reasonable if you shop the prices.  They have almost always been on time for us at Phoenix.  Sometimes lines can be long, so arrive early unless you are on an early flight.  Gate staff is always super helpful with our stroller tags.
5	One word: Outstanding!
1	Use to be the best airline. Now they won't let you use banked monies from family. They are also stupid not letting you fly standby for earlier flight, Thereby freeing up later flights. They have raised their rates so much on last minute flights that the are more expensive than almost every airline.
5	i just simply love southwest airlines. a) the crew. i have never been on a southwest flight where the crew wasn't positive and smiling (ever flown Delta? complete opposite). b) the onboard snacks. they will give you as many as you want! and they're decent snacks! c) no baggage fees. quite possibly the most desireable aspect of an airline (besides quality planes of course). i had 2 giant checked bags and the no-fee came in super handy for that. the only thing i'm still torn on is the free for all boarding. i have to make sure to call 24 hrs prior to boarding to get an A section boarding, and then i'm always nervous that the late-comers will be a gigantic, spill into my seat passenger or a couple with a mess of screaming babies. i jest......southwest is by far the best airline out there!!!!!
5	What can I say about Southwest that has not been said. I have flown on them many times now.  I have always been very happy with Southwest Airlines.Easy to book a Flight and easy to fly on. TSA which I know has nothing to do with the airline, but it is not bad going through their side of the Airport. Everyone is friendly with a sense of humor. They still serve snacks when they can. Plus the Planes are clean.Price is good most of the time.Give them a try next time you fly.
5	I love flying southwest! Everyone is always so friendly. I never pay for bags and time after time their prices are better then any other airline. They are my first choice!
1	Up until my last trip i was a huge southwest fan. Let me tell you what changed that. Ok i know traveling on a buddy pass is a crap shoot, but i didnt know that southwest employees treat you like garbage. I was trying to get from Mississippi where i went and saw my sons college football game on saturday(9/22/12). Getting there was ok, getting home on Sunday was a true nightmare. I flew from Mississippi to Chicago with no problems. Once in Chicago the nightmare started. The first flight to Phoenix was at 12:05pm Chicago time. I was bumped from that flight and every flight th erest of the day, a total of 8 flights i was bumped from. I was told by a southwest employee at the gate(Kristen) that the lesson learned was that i shouldnt be so cheap and next time buy a regular ticket. (wow). So stuck in Chicago there was a flight at 830pm to las Vegas, which i did get the last seat on. Once to vegas there were no more flights to phoenix and the gate agent stated that i had used all my passes up with that flight to Vegas, so basically i was stuck in the airport over night. I sleep on the floor and was told that someone would be in at 4am and to check with them if i could catch a flightto Phoenix. So as i layed on the floor over night i thought about what Kristie had said to not be cheap and buya ticket, so to me southwest treats customers like trash. O before i forget i also jst tried to purchase a ticket from Chicago to Phoenix and was told i couldnt do so because i started my travels on a buddy pass and i had to end my travel with a buddy pass..I will never use southwest again PERIOD......................Worst Airline experience in my Life..
5	after what seemed like forever, i was on southwest after a 4 month hiatus from arizona. the flight was delayed in atlanta, but the gate crew tried their best to lighten the mood, apologizing constantly and then throwing some jokes around. the flight was packed, yet the flight attendants were friendly and helpful the entire trip. they even walked up and down the aisle with iPads talking to customers and mapping out their connections in phx. as usual, you can get plenty of free snacks and drinks and the attendants are consistently up and down the aisles asking if you need anything. at one point, one of the flight attendants just started singing on the PA. i thought it was hilarious, even though she didn't sing that well. great to have a fun flight home.
5	I'm definitely a fan of Southwest Airlines. I needed to go to Chicago and found that the other airlines were a bit too greedy. I must admit I wasn't too keen on flying into Midway versus O'hare, but I was pleasantly surprised.About the only nutty thing I didn't like is that you have to check in for your flight exactly 24 hours before your flight to get a better boarding number. So I got A33 & A34 on my first try, not bad for a rookie. They even text me the next morning that the flight was delayed 1/2 hour and also text me when there were gate changes. Got to love this modern technology. I checked my baggage curbside for the first time on a domestic flight in probably about 20 plus years since there was no luggage check in fee. It was nice not having to lug my bag around. It sure made it easier going through security.On the return trip I had to go through the counter since I was coming from the rental car drop off. They have such a systematic check in feature where the sign tells you when and where an agent is ready to help you.The snacks were awesome on the plane as well. I can't remember the last time I had one of those orange crackers with the cheese, YUM. I must admit that I also double dipped and had those vanilla oreo cookies too.I will definitely be a repeat customer so I can't wait for my next trip.
4	really nice airport, it has all the stores that you need and coffee- conveniently located restrooms and the southwest gate area is nice as well. I like southwest because they're cheap (250.00 for a round trip tix from ontario, CA to NJ with a stop in PHX)
5	Southwest is my favorite airline. The end. Well, I won't leave you hanging there. If you've never flown Southwest, you're missing out. The only reason I won't fly Southwest is they don't fly where I'm going, like earlier this year I had to go to Montreal, Canada and Kingston, Jamaica. Had to fly another carrier...oh well. I love Southwest's No Assigned Seating policy. I love their idea of snacks -- we're talkin' REAL snacks, and as many as you want! They have the same beverage service as other airlines. The employees have a sense of humor, frequently making passengers laugh during their usually-mundane required tasks. I love that I can check in from their mobile app and print the boarding passes later, unlike some other airlines (some you can, but not all). And the seats are more comfortable, it seems like. Love Southwest. All the time.
5	Love southwest.  They are typically friendly, efficient and well priced!
3	Southwest flights are plentiful on the West Coast, though Phoenix is not the typical stop or layover that you would expect on the way to the East Coast.  Nonetheless, it's still a typical Southwest flight, good service and very efficient.
5	I actually fly Southwest 99% of the time and I fly a pretty good amount. I actually consider SW the best airline for the price conscious consumer. I'll list some of the factors below...1. Prices on airline tickets are fairly cheap. Not Spirit or Allegiant Air cheap. But those two airlines charge for every little thing you request. EVERY LITTLE THING HAS A FEE.2. Two bags fly free is awesome. You don't have to sign up for a credit card or do anything. FREE. I went on American Airlines and it was $25 for my first bag and $35 for my second. That's like over $100 roundtrip with a more expensive ticket.3. The attendants are nicer than the other airlines from what I experienced. And the cabin is pretty nice too with the leather seats.4. Free pretzels, water, peanuts and non-alcoholic drinks. Just recently, they offered free on board TV streaming to mobile devices. Not a very good selection of channels but the TV shows like The Office was not bad.5. Change flights without a fee. Just pay the flight difference. See the same flight a cheaper price? Change it and get credit back for your next flight. WHAT??? Yeah, it's true. Try it sometime. After you buy your ticket, check out the prices for the next few weeks... if it dips, just change your flight and get credit back. Same deal if you book with points. You get the points difference back.So there you have it. There's a lot of stuff I like about SW but these are probably the big ones.EXTRA TIP: You need to finish checking your bags about 50 minutes before departure. Otherwise, the bags will be flown on the next flight and you'll have to wait for your bags and get a $50 credit. But they will deliver it to your hotel or wherever if you can't wait and not give you the $50 credit.
4	Cheapest airlines out there.  No checked bags fee, up to two per flight per person.  No change fee, only need to pay the difference in fares.  Fly to almost anywhere and everywhere in the U.S.  First come, first serve seats, you do however need to check-in at least 24 hours in advanced before your departure date for best seats.  The flight attendants are always happy and actually love their jobs.  They will give you whole can of soft drinks if you ask for it, and they would gladly give you unlimited free refills if you ask nicely.  One bad thing about this airline is that they don't have any international flights, especially to Canada and/or Mexico.
5	Great airline! Great crew! Everyone knows it.If you are lucky you get to work on SWA - better pay, etc. The rejects go to Delta.
1	I got to the airport and realized my flight was delayed by over 2 hours. The checkin attendant said I was the first person on standby and should be able to get a seat on an earlier flight that was about to leave. When I reached the gate "A-List" member after "A-list" member were given tickets and moved to the front of standby. When I finally asked if there was going to be a chance to get on the flight, the rude attendant told me there was no more room left. Screw you and your damn A-list members! Delays (over 3 hours and counting), horrible customer service, A-List members given special treatment... All makes for the WORST experience! I will never fly Southwest when on business again...
5	Thank you Southwest airlines!  After another airline left us stranded in Ft. Lauderdale airport, we rebooked our tickets with you...fast, friendly, funny...and early!  Thanks for making a bad experience a little better...
5	I work at the grocery store near the airport and come here at least twice a week picking up various seafood products.  All the services I received are all very excellent and they offer fair prices.  Check them out if you ever need to ship anything within the U.S.!
1	Nothing but a mess with this airline. Flights being cancelled for nothing. Bags being lost. Customer service reps have no clue how to do their jobs. Baggage claim has no clue how to do their jobs. How do you not track a bag? How can you not track a bag. Screw the free check bag. I would rather pay the fee and pay more for flights that would make it to my destination with my bag. Never will I fly with southwest. I wish I could give 0 stars.
1	I've been very disappointed with the way Southwest Airlines has been canceling flights without sending out text notifications ( even though I signed up for that feature). Now I'm stuck at the airport for 4 hours. The SWA staff seem indifferent to our travel schedules when we are trying to make a connection. They are not even the lowest cost carrier anymore and I still have to deal with this. Frontier Airlines has been a lot smoother lately.Signed Loosing patience with SWA
1	I've always been a Southwest customer because of some of their complimentary services, however my last trip made me ban the airline forever.First, the flight was delayed for so long-4,8 hours! Then we landed and everyone moved so slowly, we were forced to crab walk to get out quickly. Mid flight, I felt I was running out of air (technical difficulty?)The flight attendants were ridiculously chipper, so much so that I just knew it was fake. one even said "booty"...seriously?! Be professional. Goodbye Southwest, you reek of pulled pork and shitty service. -- me and my pal!!
5	The saving grace of airlines!Staff is straightforward and considerate.  They have the best on-time rates and lose your luggage the least.  Boarding is short and sweet... though I pay for the Early Bird option to get my pick.  They don't try to bleed you dry with fees.  And the free wifi is a nice add.I've seen so many bad experiences with United, US Air, American, and the like.  Until I can afford to fly on chartered planes, I'm sticking with Southwest.  They are the best airline around.
1	So, I have a $60.00 credit that SWA has held for a year. I asked them for a refund and their reply was that I needed to book a flight within three days or they keep my money. How cheap can they get? They didn't even offer me an extension for another flight!
1	I used to fly this airline every week! I earned a Free Companion Pass for several years running. I was a super fan. But, they changed. Big Time. The "low fare" airline completely restructured its frequent flyer program so that they no longer reward you for flying frequently.They reward you for paying higher fares! Yes, it really is that hypocritical. Pay more and get more points. Find and use low fares at the "low fare" airline and you are penalized severely. The current frequent flyer program is worthless. Programs like that are a real motivator to me and many other frequent flyers. We are not going to pay more to deceive ourselves into thinking we are getting something "free."  Nor are we going to rip off our companies by intentionally paying higher fares just to qualify for perks we used to earn by virtue of flying all the time with SWA. They've completely alienated me. I no longer have any affinity whatsoever for this rip-off airline. (And, by the way, check out their fares and compare.They frequently are the highest fare. Hypocrites.)
4	The good, the bad and the odd...Good: I like Southwest and will continue to use them whenever I can. 2 Free Bags as other mentioned is great as I hate being nickeled and dimed to death.Bad: Every Airline, Every Airplane has the same problem of uncomfortable seats. When you are in the plane for 5 hours its miserable.Note: This really has nothing to do with Southwest.Odd:  I paid for the WiFi services but I found that the Drudge website was blocked. I can understand adult or other inappropriate sites being block, but Drudge... Really.Odd:  TSA flagged my wife as Pre-Checked.  I was given the full search, metal detector, radiation scan aka the x-ray scan and the pat down.  I will say though, the TSA folks were very nice and friendly in Phoenix.  I also had to unlock my suit case so the TSA could inspect my cloths. ?Good: The Southwest folks delivered my keys for my luggage down to the TSA area, waited for them to finish and then returned the keys back to me. The agent jokingly said to me " I guess your not going to jail this week".  They were very nice and very helpful.Good: The staff on the planes were very nice, very friendly and I greatly enjoyed the modified version of how to use the seat cushions, the flotation devices and the air masks.Bad: Our plane was originally delayed by 4 hours due to a mechanical problem, but they were able to switch some planes around and we only were 2 hours off schedule.Not bad in my opinion. It's always better to find a problem when they are on the ground.
2	Pros: Rapid Reward program, no frivolous fees, bag check, websiteCons: DELAYSAccording to the Bureau of Transportation Statistics, Southwest on-time performance departure statistics have gone from 80% on time in 2009, to 68% on time in 2014.  Translation, more than 30% of SW flights are delayed, with the average delay lasting at least 45 minutes. (transtats.bts.gov)SW has been a good airline, but most of my flights in the past few months have been delayed.  I'm obviously not the only one.
5	Tonight has got to be one of the best flights I have ever been on. The flight departed on time AND landed waaay before the scheduled arrival time. There were some empty seats on the newer aircraft so there was plenty of room. The highlight of the trip: Dan, the flight attendant. He is incredibly funny and had a way with his intercom announcements that EVERYONE was listening to the airbag and seat belt safety instructions. We even got a lovely song from him upon landing! Thank you Southwest for reaffirming that you are one of the best airlines to fly with!
