4	This Banana Republic was awesome. Gigantic selection, great sales everywhere, and a great staff. The woman that helped me took 3 loads out of my hands periodically and had a dressing room waiting with all of my clothes when I was done browsing. She remembered my name and just had stellar customer service skills.The store even has a whole separate side for the BR Monogram line, which also had great sales!
5	The customer service was friendly and more than happy to help as soon as I arrived at the Men's section. There was a 30% off top sale this past weekend and it applied to everything except jackets. I purchased a polo there and asked if there were any ready to wear ones. The sales guy said he would steam it and bag it ready to wear for tomorrow. The guys here worked efficiently. Men's clothing is on the second floor and was plenty stocked. Tax is 8.10% there.This was a great first impression and I would happily shop there when I'm in town again! It was a Sunday and closing time was 11pm. I wish shopping malls closed that late here in the bay area, but then again, that was Las Vegas.
4	This may be my favorite Banana of them all. While 2nd street in Belmont Shore, Crystal Cove and 3rd St Promenade have ocean adjacent locations, this one is a monster. Price kills are surprisingly low...
1	Disinterested children work here 'supervised' by a woman in her 40's who is absolutely useless.
5	Well laid out. Great selection. Decent clearance section. Friendly service. Helpful staff. Clean dressing rooms.
1	The men's department (of Banana Republic @ Caesars Palace) upstairs - very poor service! I asked for a business card or a catalogue and the three guys behind me looked at me like I was speaking Martian! Asked me What kind of a card then looked at another behind the counter who stated, What for? With a bewildered look. After I explained what a business card & a product catalogue was - the reply was Oh no, we don't have nothin like that here.  As I turned to leave one asked me if there was something specific I was looking for - Why was yes, But I haven't found it here. (I walked out thinking INTELLIGENT SERVICE Would be nice! NEXT!
