4	Hey i goto great clips all the time - in fact the same person just recently cut my hair for when i asked my girlfriends parents for their daughter's hand, for my engagement, for my wedding and fixed what the wife tried to do.  always very kind, relaxing experience. and always a good haircut.
1	I went in yesterday with pictures that had different angles of the style I was looking for, good plan. I get seated immediately which was nice. I showed the girl what was looking for (essentially a layered cut framing my face). When she was done I thought it was ok. I knew it would look different when I got home and straightened it. It looked different alright. The right side of my part ( where I part) was choppy and did not fall evenly. The left side was exactly what I was looking for. So I went back in today to have it fixed and the girl who was there yesterday was not there now so I went with the other dark haired girl. I told her what I wanted and it seemed like she understood. She didn't. Now my bangs look even worse then before and I will be needing pins to correct it. I told her not to shorten them but to even the angle. I now have boxy bangs and my front frame in VERY uneven. I realize you get what you pay for when you use an affordable salon, but this is sad.
5	I've been a returning customer of great clips consistently for about 2 years for a reason. When looking for a hair cut I like to be in and out and their online check in makes that possible, love walking in and skipping ahead of everyone waiting!  Also I went here to get my hair styled for my engagement pictures and Daisy did a wonderful job!  Who knew?!
5	I have been coming to this Great Clips for over 3 years, before, I was going to the Great Clips on 24th street and baseline for Bridgette. When she moved stores, I decided to make that extra commute to get my hair cut by her. I highly recommend asking for Bridgette, she has spent time perfecting her skills. Bridgette have been going beyond my expectations of Great Clips and this is the only reason why I go to this location. Please give her a try, she will spend time learning about you, instead of the typical 15 minutes haircut where you are left feeling awkward wondering who cut your hair. You won't be disappointed!
