5	I have worked with Whitney exclusively for approximately one year. I am a beauty photographer who has had the opportunity to work with make up artists all over the country and let me tell you something.. From Maine to Las Vegas I have yet work with any other make up artist with the passion, the talent and the professionalism that I have found working with Whitney. I go into every photo-shoot knowing that Whitney has already gone above and beyond by being well prepared and by knowing exactly what is expected of her. I hold her to a very high standard that I don't normal hold my other artists to. Her talent far exceeds that of any other make up artists I have worked with and I have worked with MANY. When working with Whitney you can put your full trust in her ability to make you look your best for whatever occasion. She creates flawless, photo-ready make up looks using high quality products and has clearly invested much time and research into her make up kit for any and all skin types. Her knowledge of make up and current make up trends is refreshing and extremely impressive for someone who has just barely started their career in this industry. She is miles above the rest.And not to mention her personality is just AWESOME! She is a blast to work with and that alone should give her a 5 star rating. She's funny, easy going and hard working. I have nothing negative to say about this girl! She does NOT disappoint :)
5	I met Whitney years ago when she was searching for models to practice makeup on. She blew me away with her skills and I immediately decided I had to collaborate with her on photo shoots. She does an A+, flawless job every single time, which always leaves me looking and feeling beautiful! She has one of the highest drives and work ethics I've seen, accompanied by her absolute passion for the art of makeup application. Not to mention Whitney is super easy to get along with and will make you feel comfortable while she's applying. You can guarantee you'll be in great hands if you've booked Whitney for your special event. I highly recommend her, in fact she has set the bar so high that, if I can, I won't book any other makeup artist.
1	Felt super comfortable with Whitney after communicating with her several times.  I never thought she would be a no show on my WEDDING day especially after paying a deposit.  I flew into Vegas on a Friday, my wedding was on Saturday morning.  Whitney emailed me to confirm (again) on Friday and because I didn't respond (due to me running wedding errands ALL DAY) she decided she would cancel my appointment.  I responded Saturday morning when I finally saw the email and she stated it was too late (around 6:45am) and she already scheduled someone else.  Isn't a deposit confirmation enough?  Why wouldn't she contact the hotel I was staying at since that was where our appt was to take place?  I am still blown away with this situation!I would def think twice before booking an appointment with her!
