5	Wendy and Paul Hartman have a wonderful gymnastics and tumbling studio here.  Both of my daughters, ages 3 and 5, love to come here!  They are so friendly, as are the instructors that both my daughters have had.  They are also patient and they interact really well with the kids.The gym is clean and organized, with seats for parents to watch through big windows.It's also a nice place to hold a kid's birthday party!I would highly recommend this place to others!
1	I called to inquire about private tumbling lessons for my teenager who is thinking of trying out for cheerleading but doesn't have tumbling skills.  Paul said that before we spent money on privates, I should bring her in to open gym for an evaluation.  Because my daughter is a beginner gymnast, and I've seen the experienced tumblers at open gym, I asked if we could do it some other time, as she would be uncomfortable in front of everyone.  Paul said that since cheerleaders have to perform in front of crowds, maybe she should re-evaluate cheer.Seriously?  Does a cheerleader go in front of everyone and do a cheer they never learned before?  Of course not, they practice in private and perform when they are ready.  Do you know anything about my daughter except I said she was shy?Not the type of comment I'd want for a potential coach.  Not the smartest business move either....
3	Fun place for my two year old to run and tire herself out for an hour,  they don't need much more then that. Very nice ladies that helped at the front desk, seemed very into keeping the place clean with shoes off and no food in play area, which I totally get. The reason I gave 3 stars is because five minutes after I was told how important it is to keep shoes off, mine and my childs, the ladies were walking everywhere with their boots and tennis shoes on! All over the mat where my childs barefoot feet play, and mine. They even got in the foam pit to play with the kids, with boots on!! Very unsanitary for a place that seems to take the shoes off rule so serious, practice what you preach ladies! I don't want my two years old face and body all over where your boots went!
