5	I recently ordered a pair of glasses from Dr. McCandless. The office is beautiful, a great selection of frames and I didn't wait at all.  Everyone was so kind. What a great experience!
4	I have special eye needs. The doctor here was amazing and patient with testing me.  I have to give a huge compliment to the staff. They are so friendly..  When i did not understand something, they explained to me right away. I also liked how my glasses turned out.
5	The staff here was friendly and amazing. I didn't have to wait countless hours for my appointment, and their receptionist was so helpful and accommodating!! Highly recommend.
5	I lost a contact lens during a trip to Las Vegas earlier this year.  Luckily, I ended up at Eyesite of Anthem.  Dr. Nguyen and her staff are simply amazing!  I did not have an appointment but she was able to fit me into her busy schedule - even on a Saturday afternoon.  I later found out that she worked through her lunch break in order to assist me.  That is how much she cares about her clients and her profession.  Dr. Nguyen was extremely helpful, patient, and attentive to my situation.  I do not remember the name of her assistant, but he was very friendly and had a great sense of humor.  If I lived in the area, I would definitely see Dr. Nguyen on a regular basis.  Highly recommended!
5	Dr McCandless is so patient, thorough and amazing at what he does, I'm really happy to have found him. I originally met him during a consultation for a special eye surgery at the best-reputed and established surgical institute here in Vegas.  He's top-notch in his profession for various reasons, not the least being his easy going demeanor. I have very special needs with an extreme prescription and the entire staff is helpful, kind, and very professional. They explain everything in simple terms and are never condescending. I can't recommend this place enough! I've already recommended them to a family member who agrees this place offers the most comprehensive exam she's ever had. If you don't have insurance, ask about cash options as they're willing to help any way possible. I've always dreaded getting my checkup until now and I can't recommend them enough.
5	People were extremely friendly. I thought my exam was very thorough.  Dr. Le took her time to explain my options.  This will be the office I go to from now on.
5	I have had glasses since I was in elementary school = lots of trips to the eye doctor... so I've had my fair share of the good and not so good docs in the past (part of the reason why I am now an optometry student)Since elementary school my prescription has gotten worse which makes it difficult to find the right glasses and contact lenses that provide me with crisp and clear vision. Dr. McCandless did an amazing job.Hands down one of the most accurate prescriptions for both glasses and contacts. I have a high cylinder component to my prescription which limits my contact lens selection, but he fit me with Biofinity Toric and they do wonders for my eyes. Not only is his practice very modern and chic, but he has the newest technology to go beyond the standard of care. If I lived in Las Vegas, he would be my go to opto doc (until I graduate that is)
2	I loved Dr. Le and thought she provided excellent care for me and my kids, and went here because of the great Yelp reviews, but the office staff are ridiculous. Very unprofessional and unhelpful. It took 4 business days and being on hold for unacceptable lengths of time just to get a prescription for my contacts printed out and signed. When I went to pick it up at their office, both office staff acted incompetently and were unfriendly. This was a simple request that should have been handled quickly and efficiently, but these 2 girls are apparently unable to provide that kind of care. One of them was also dressed very inappropriately for the office. The doctors need to hire new staff in order for me to return there, which I'm very sad to say because I really liked the doctor!
5	Not all doctors are equal.  Dr. McCandless and Dr. Le are exceptional.  I have always gone to Ophthalmologists but decided because they were close to where I live I would try them.  What a nice, professional office!  i had a more thorough exam than I have ever had anywhere else.  The doctor didn't keep me waiting and was so pleasant.  I felt like my questions were all answered and not rushed.I got new glasses there and they were perfect.  I would highly recommend this place and if you have kids, they too will love the doctors as they are great with kids too.
5	I had an all around great experience but my wife had an exceptionally great experience.  The place is modern and professional, the prices are very reasonable, and the staff are outstanding.  My exam was very thorough, they carry nice designs for glasses, and my prescription was very accurate.  My wife has really bad astigmatism and has been wearing gas permeable lenses at a very young age since her prescription changed too often to rely on glasses.  Due to the shape of her eyes, gas permeable lenses are the only option.  Her entire life she has gone to sub-par optometrists and even encountered ones who only fit for soft contacts.  Dr. Le was very knowledgeable and thorough.  This was the first time anyone had actually ordered custom gas permeable contact lens to fit each eye and the first time a Dr. made sure the fit was perfect and the prescription, accurate.  It took a bit longer than normal but by the 2nd try, she has the most accurate prescription she has ever had.  Dr. Le and the staff were very professional and caring.  Each interaction was as if we had been going there for years and this was our first visit.  It's not easy to find a Dr. and after bouncing around for years we have finally found a really exceptional optometrist.  Highly recommend Eyesite of Anthem.
4	I agree 100% on Dr McCandless 5 star reviews but the one that gave 2 stars for the office staff has some validity, even though a bit harsh.  That part of the office is a bit unprofessional in ways that are an easy fix, even without a change in personnel...but is that really what we are in there for?  I wanted a good eye exam and that is what I got and I will return next year if I am lucky enough to still be on this earth and in this wonderful community.
