5	WOW.Beautiful property,nicely appointed apartments with a very homey feel.Great details all around the grounds.Very professional and welcoming staff.Rents reasonable for what you get.Only downside,at the edge of Cracklandia bordering on Upper Meth Heights.Yes,you have to run the gauntlet to get home.You get to shop at either CrackFry's locations and the Tweaker's CVS is close by.If you can get past that,you'll do well at Orion.My friend who was apartment shopping could not though.It would be perfect if this property was located in a better part of town.They definitely ae a bright spot for where they are.
2	- Construction: This is an older complex so the cabinets and appliances are not as new as you'd expect compared to the newer "resort style" complexes in the valley. However, I rarely hear noises from my neighbors, unlike other newer complexes I've lived in where the walls, floors, and ceilings are paper thin. The cabinets are cheap and doors come off regularly. Door knobs come off all the time. On the other hand, maintenance responds to issues either same day or next day and are very quick to fix everything. It's not ideal, but I honestly don't think it's such a huge thing that it would stop me from living here.- Neighbors: For the most part I love my neighbors. Everyone is very friendly, polite, and considerate. I usually complain about dog owners (I am one myself), but the dogs here are well-behaved and I've never seen anyone not pick up after their dogs. However, I know based on what I see out there that people do leave messes in the grassy areas, but I just pick them up along with my dogs' messes and it's not even worth the hassle of getting upset. I would love if the complex paid the money to install doggy pick up stations like two other complexes I've lived in. They have one in the far corner of the property but it is not stocked with bags so it's pretty much pointless. It would be worthwhile to install more for sure.- Neighborhood/Safety: Sketchy area and not within walking distance of anything. About 10 minutes from the 51, and 15 minutes from the 17 and 101. The view is beautiful. There are dumpster divers on occasion. The gates are almost always broken (but gates provide a false sense of security anyway). My license plate was stolen once. My car has never been vandalized otherwise. I feel safe within the complex, but I don't go for walks outside the complex. As soon as you head south it's super sketchy. When the weather is warmer, expect to see the police choppers at night investigating god-knows-what in North Mountain Park and the surrounding area. Last year was particularly bad and we saw the helicopters with spotlights on the mountain and in the parking lot nearly every night for about a month. Bizarre. But we have overnight security guards which makes me feel somewhat safer. - Management: Management has been responsive for all concerns and questions. They seem to recognize residents, even though this is a huge complex, so they really make you feel at home. There have been three instances where water was shut off for 20-60 minutes with no notice, which has been annoying and inconvenient, but 20 minutes isn't that long and again, it's only happened the three times in the year and a half I've lived here. - Grounds: The grounds are quite beautiful and well-maintained. The trees could use some trimming as there are dead branches that look as though they're going to fall off anytime. Pests are definitely a problem due to the proximity to North Mountain Park. I request monthly indoor treatment to prevent bugs and we haven't seen any roaches, spiders, or anything else in a year. Bees, however, are a different story. But we leave the windows and doors open when it's cooler out and I know it's kind of my own fault if they get in. - Interiors: The spaciousness, layout, and storage space are excellent. I live in a two bedroom, two bathroom apartment with a loft and we have PLENTY of space! I love the layout (except the fireplace in the center of the downstairs). We only have two windows in the entire apartment though. We do have skylights in one room which helps open it up, but definitely check out the unit you'd be renting prior to moving in. While the lack of windows helps the electric bill in the summer, it makes for a very dark existence which is somewhat unpleasant. We had to install track lighting which helped quite a bit but still looks unnatural. - Parking: Probably the biggest headache out of everything here. We have one spot for two people and if you come home after 7pm and try to find parking, good luck! We've had to park at the church across the street several times, which I am not happy about. I don't really know what the solution is to this however, aside from buying land that doesn't exist to make more spaces. So I don't know.
4	I really enjoyed living here.  The complex is beautiful, and I absolutely loved living at the base of the mountain to go for hikes.  The office staff is friendly and helpful.  Maintenance gets the job done quickly. The neighborhood south of the complex is a little shady but I knew that when I moved there.  I had a 2 story townhouse style apartment and I loved it.  It was very homey.  I moved to Tempe to be closer to my work.
4	Your equipments have such higher efficiency, easy to use and affordable (experience to have one and you?l know why?. I have been a couple of years with you now because of your guaranteed equipment and monitoring services. Just one but from you guys, please have quick responds to my emails. Thanks.
1	Okay so there are quite a few positive things about this complex. But in this case the bad out way the good. But let's starts with the good:Very spacious gorgeous apartments. Lovely interior two floored apartments that are well worth the price. Multiple swimming pools. Some are more private where the main pool is typically where all the children swim. So if you like a quiet swim experience, stay away from the main pool. Great pricing There is the mountain preserve right behind the complex, with plenty of lovely trails to hike on right in your backyard. Decent location between the 51 & the 17 Very quiet, we never hear any of our neighbors. Safe, despite the area surrounding the complex, it seems very safe inside the apartment walls.The staff is friendly Now for the bad...Our unit has the tiniest and I mean tiniest washer and dryer ever invented. I can fit about four small towels in a load. Takes so much time to do laundry. Although there are on site laundry facilities, I shouldn't have to use them if I have a washer and dryer inside my unit. The staff is friendly but they don't seem to keep in touch with you when dealing with things. You have to constantly call them back in order to hear back about your matter. For instance we needed major maintenance  on our unit pertaining to a piping issue and the maintenance man was hours late than expected with no phone call to let us know. Plus the maintenance isn't prioritized in their mind. Security. Although you feel safe inside the complex. The fact that there are security gates that never work... Is unacceptable. We chose this place thinking there were security gates that were functional... Not the case. Now here is my BIGGEST pet peeve about this complex... The parking. It is absolutely ridiculous!!! You are assigned one car port per apartment. We have three cars. So therefore two of us are to fend for ourselves parking throughout the complex. If you come home past 6:30pm. You will find yourself spending at least 15 minutes trying to park. People park in handicapped spots, and other illegal spots because they have no choice! Residents should have no issue parking at home! It should not be this difficult to come home at night. This problem is huge and needs to be solved. I am not sure how since there is no land surrounding the complex to expand on...but something needs to be done. We were not even spoken to about the issue when moving in when they full well knew we had three cars. I can not even express how frustrating the parking truly is. Also there are so many empty car ports thought the complex. So either they did not tell the truth about having excess car ports or not everyone has a car. Which in that case. They should lease out the extra car ports to leave more uncovered spots for everyone else plus they can make some money off of it too! It might not seem like a big issue. But when you come home and go on an adventure to find parking... It will. All in all. There are good things and bad things about this complex. You can decide if they play an effect on your decision to live here.
1	My previous review, prior to move out, was generally positive. Living at the complex was fine. The pros - quiet, decent office staff, plenty of space and storage, beautiful grounds, unique floor plans, close to North Mountain Park. That being said, upon move out, I must tell prospective tenants to think twice before renting here. I was willing to overlook the cons because all apartment complexes have their weaknesses. This one is in a sketchy area with very interesting individuals. Parking is extremely poor. The gates are always broken. Maintenance does the best they can and respond quickly, but expect to have the same appliances and fixtures repaired several times over. And here is the kicker - upon move out, we were hit with a $229.50 fee. After two weeks of communicating with office staff, the breakdown is as follows (according to their email): "You failed to professionally clean your carpets; the oven, stove, top of the refrigerator, cabinets/shelving were dirty,  and there were areas that were not touch up painted at move out.  Unfortunately, per your move out guidelines, every resident is required to leave the dwelling in good condition.8/17/2014Carpet Cleaning - 85.00Apartment Cleaning - 80.00Touch up painting - 60.00+ Tax229.50"I requested pictures of their inspection several times via phone and email, but no one returned my calls or sent me the pictures confirming this. I finally spoke to the property manager Sarah, who explained that tenants are expected to prepare the units for the next tenants, including painting, professional carpet cleaning, and full cleaning detail. With this review, I would like to include the inspection pictures staff took in order to show that the unit was in better than good condition upon move out, but Sarah has yet to send them, even after repeated requests. My sister and I lived in this unit for two years and maintained it very well. We spent several days cleaning the unit, using Magic Erasers on nearly all surfaces prior to vacating. As tenants, we had no disciplinary issues, no complaints, never paid rent late, and were always patient with staff when packages were lost, fixtures and appliances broke several times, and even when my small dog was attacked by a resident's pit bull (which is banned from this complex) and no action was taken for well over a month.If you are planning on signing a lease here, please think twice about it. You will be hit with additional fees upon move out, poor treatment and customer service from staff, and total lack of respect and communication regarding the fees. On top of this, they are threatening to send our bill to collections should we not pay it by 9/17/14. Unfortunately, because they refuse to send us the pictures of the unit, I refuse to pay the fees.
2	Honestly, I normally do not write bad reviews, but future interested residents should read this. I do apologize and I'm sure with some company efforts to fixing these mistakes, this complex will no longer have any bad reviews. I lived here during the transition Orion at Hermosa Pointe became Trailside at Hermosa Pointe. Upon request for move out date, I first received a letter at our door stating there was a 90 day notice. Okay cool, so I put in the notice a little over a month later and they stated "Oh sorry, your contract is with the previous company so you only have a 60 day notice. Now you owe an additional one month's rent after your lease."  My question to them was why would you put a letter at my door saying I had 60 days when I really only had 30? When I move, I like to paint the apartment to make it feel more at home. I always paint it back before I leave. I asked the lady at the office for the exact paint color and she told me the name and stated that I can get it anywhere including Home Depot. So I go and buy this paint and primer and begin re-painting when half way finished I notice it doesn't even match! I call maintenance and he comes in and tells me its the wrong paint and that I can only purchase it at a specific store. Okay... so why does the office not know this valuable information? So they ordered me the correct paint which I am thankful for that I didn't have to purchase another one.. however all of this time could have been saved if the office was more educated about these important rules. Gate: Would always break every other weekParking: hard to find if wanting to invite over a few guests. Sometimes they had to park across the street in the neighborhood and walk over. Dog poop: one dog owner would hide their dogs poop under rocks. Every morning I would see squished dog poop smashed under rocks which makes the community look dirty due to a lazy dog owner. I honestly think it takes more effort to find a big enough rock and squish their dogs poop, instead of simply picking it up and throwing it away. Never got a chance to catch who was doing this. Tip: Perhaps installing doggy bag poles around the complex like other apartments have will help this issue. Best thing about living here that I do miss is the convenient location of being next to North Mountain. Close enough to run to and a beautiful view of the city. Also, the convenience of living next to Scramble was a plus as well. Awesome breakfast.
1	If I could give this place a ZERO, I would. Since the new ownership, they don't answer phones, and don't return phone calls. The complex is ok, but there's a lot of complexes that are much nicer for the same amount. Parking is a real problem, so any  guests end up parking across the streets.
