5	Was referred here by a colleague of mine after sharing a story of the dental challenges I had been experiencing (poor quality, gouging pricing, confusing billing, lack of concern for patients, etc.).  To begin with, Valley of the Sun Dentistry is a small office that always makes you feel welcome, valued, and cared for.  The staff is excellent and always friendly and helpful.  They remember "the details" and you can tell they have a strong team culture with family pictures all around and fun camaraderie. Pricing is fair with or without insurance and they don't look to milk your coverage maximums as my last two dentists did (some of these guys are like insurance adjusters more than dentists - hey, just because my plan covers it, it doesn't make it "free" - it will show up later in higher premiums for us all).  The best part of the office and the reason you should choose this one, is the dentist.  Dr. Larry Fink is my kind of dentist.  Honest, straightforward, patient, and best of all he is a perfectionist.  He will take as long as he needs to get it right - I have never once felt rushed in his chair.  All the latest gizmos and gadgets aside, your need an expert making the decisions and Dr. Fink is that.  I also admire that he is always learning and attending seminars and classes to stay up on the latest innovations in dentistry.  Now my entire family are patients here and I know we are in good hands.
5	I am new to Arizona, and this is the first Dentist I've been to here. The staff is very friendly, the office is clean and inviting. I had a very pleasant cleaning on my teeth this morning (didn't leave my gums swollen like others). The prices are very reasonable and I will be using them again. Certainly recommended!
5	My husband had a tooth that was awful painful, needed to get in right away.  We were discouraged by our recent experiences with a dental practice we had been with for years (they were price gouging, laying out treatment plans that were ridiculous etc.), so we really didn't have a dentist.  After calling the office, Rose was very helpful and my husband was able to get right in.  They took good care of him, and I think he has found a new dentist!
