1	RUN FAR FAR AWAY! TERRIBLE!  If I could give negative stars, I would. I ordered a pizza, the BOY answers the phone in a hurry, didn't ask how I was going to pay, didn't take my credit card info, didn't verify my phone number, told me it would be 15-20 minutes, I asked if he needed further directions for the driver b/c its in an apt- he said no, AND told me it would be $15.90-something. The delivery driver ended up getting lost b/c the guy had the wrong address, 42 minutes later the driver arrives after I gave him directions, he expected cash which I did not have. I wanted to pay with my card. The driver left the pizza with me and goes back to the store. The "manager" calls and wants payment; I have no problem with that, BUT when I told him what all happened, he TOTALLY froze stuttered his words and was completely USELESS! Its absolutely pathetic that this KID is a manager. Its like Fisher Price opened a pizza shop and hired him. He has NO idea how to talk to someone.  OH! and he gave me the wrong # to corporate... coincidence? --- and my pizza was cold. ugh. Harold, the delivery guy, was super awesome guy. He owned up to the mistake, apologized, offered excellent customer service even though it wasn't his mistake. Nice job Harold! Now waiting on a call back from corporate and the district manager. Dear Donavan, Your management skills, or lack they're of, are some of the worst I've ever experienced. I would almost rather pay your college tuition than for you to ever handle an adult situation again. Don't ever EVER lie to a customer. You will always get caught... sorry had to call your corporate on ya. Shouldn't have done that, sir. CHEERS.
3	Sadly, this pizza was not very good. I got pulled in by their great advertising and I'm sure there are good Dominos out there but this store isn't very good at all.  Why I gave 3 stars:Pros: Effortless ordering online, prompt delivery, Our 2 year old really liked the pizza crust where he usually only eats the cheese from pizza.  That was amazing. He also didn't mind the spicy sauce.. which I thought was way too spicy.  Go figure.  Last pro is that it was the $10.99 deal... so delivery, etc. including tip was $17.00 for a large.  Cons:  The pizza (for me) was just bad.  I didn't know which sauce to order so ordered what it defaulted to, and as I said, it was tangy spicy.. which didn't taste good but the baby liked it!  Also, the pepperoni was mushy and not very much of it.. and there was probably a total of 2 mushrooms that were sliced to be about 9.   I really was looking forward to that "brooklyn pulled" crust but it just wasn't happening.Oh well.
1	Horrible!!! Worst experience with a pizza place ever. Just from my brief exchange with the extremely rude girl who answered their phone (after about 20 rings), I decided to take our business to their competitor. We'll never order from them again. That owner should consider hiring different employees. They're killing his business!
5	Love this dominos . They are very nice and usually on time .
