4	I've taken my car to Spot Free Car Wash in Tempe, near Elliot and I-10 several times. I'm currently an active customer of Cobblestone Auto Spa, but when they are closed and *need* to clean my car, this place has me covered.One of the redeeming qualities about this place is the touch-less automatic wash.  The drier is generous to let you dry off about 90% of the car only requiring you to finish the last few droplets later with your own towel.The property has plentiful room to get around and offers vacuums, pay-and-spray style wash areas including the automatic car wash.The only areas to improve: Increase the lighting at night. Lower or place a piece of metal over the "stop bar" in the automatic car wash areas. On my stiff suspension, it's a lot for my car to climb over that and I have to ride my clutch excessively to get over it smoothly.Overall, this is one of the best 24hr car washes I would recommend in Tempe. You'll be glad to take your car here.
1	PLEASE notice the other reviews are outdated.  I went this morning to wash my own car. Bay 1 won't accept my credit card AMEX.  After two attempts it just freezes up. Move to Bay 2 it accepts card. As I attempt to spray soap on the car its blasting out of the handle all over me.  I make it thru the process and pull to the dryer where once again it won't accept my AMEX.  After one attempt I figure lets use VISA. Won't accept it and now freezes up again. Here I am with a black car covered with water, two small microfiber towels and no way or time to spend trying to perform a miracle and dry my car.The last time I went there while trying to rinse the soap off of my car the sprayer would only deliver its liquid wax protectant which left water spots all over the car.  Spot Free decide whether your in or out of the car wash game!  DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME LIKE I HAVE DONE.
5	This place does an excellent job at washing my vehicles.  Sometimes I use the do it yourself bays (when the kids are with me).  Most of the time I use the touchfree automatic since its no going to scratch my paint and leave swirl marks like those huge chain washes (dannys, cobblestone) tend to do.  $2 add on and the attendant will prep my car with a high end brush and generous amounts of soap!The separate stand alone dryer is wonderful and not something you see at most other similar washes.  Thanks spot free az!
5	I love coming here to get my car washed.  It is cheap to do, there are many bays to vacuum, wash and dry your car and they have 2 drive-thru car wash bays that even take debit cards which is handy.
4	Decent prices, and most of the gunk on my car came off on the touchless automatic wash. There are 2 bays for automatic service, and ~4 for self-wash. The highest price for the automatic wash was $6.50, which I thought wasn't too bad. There was a friendly attendant who helped me with paying, and then helped direct me so that the wheels of my car were aligned with the tracks in the wash. You are given a token if drying is included in your wash, and you get over 1 minute of drying time, which was enough to dry off almost all the water on my car.When it's not as hot outside, I'll try one of the self-wash bays to see if they are also good!
1	Terrible experience.My brand new Honda Odyssey (2 weeks old) was dusty from our trip to Colorado.  Decided on a whim to just drive it through for a quick wash even though it was likely going to rain later.Just paid for the $4 drive through wash.  There was little instruction on how or where to drive up to.  I must have done something wrong because the soap sprayed out all over my van and then everything shut off.I pulled around by the office where I see a sign that the employee will be back soon.  I try the door - locked.  I ring the buzzer and knock - nothing.  I call the phone number and leave a message on the machine.  Never get a call back.After waiting for 10 minutes the employee still is no where in sight.  I decide to drive to another car wash to get the soap off.  I go to one closer to home that I am familiar with and that has employees to spray down your vehicle first and guide you through the wash.The employee at the second car wash is shocked to hear my story and works hard to get the soap off.  He is concerned that it has come off the body of the vehicles but not completely off the windows and that they are stained.  I panic.I drive home and windex all the windows.  It seems to go away.I call Spot Free and the employee (Shawn I believe?) who tells me it is a small family owned place and he is the manager answers the phone.  He explains it is just soap and not acid and will not hurt my car long term.  That the place is open 24 hours a day and he is there just 10 of those 24 but left to have lunch.I am glad all worked out well but I wasted $4 at Spot Free then had to pay another $5 somewhere else and went through the stress of the situation and wasted an hour or more of my busy day.Unless I had free washes I would never go to this place again.  I'm sure this place will be featured in future nightmares of mine.
1	Crappy place. Employee hiding in the back on his cell phone. Didn't help get car through the wash. Vacuum s have zero suction.
1	Took both of my cars there, went thru the drive thru wash and both vehicles now need to be detailed as the car wash left a bad residue on both vehicles.  I called them and left a voice mail message and they still have not returned my call on what they are going to do about the residue or getting it off of my cars. I am seriously considering reporting them to the BBB
1	Regarding the automatic wash bay, not the self-cleaning; this has to be one of the worst car washes I've ever had. I never carry cash, so I was happy to see I could use my debit card at the drive-up point of sale.  I swiped, selected my wash and then the machine spit a coin out (what's this for?).  Oh well, let's get scrubbin!  Because there was no attendant to guide me in, I crossed my fingers, hoping that I pulled my tire into the exact spot it needed to be before receiving my wash.  I didn't.  felt a big bump before my car settled into place within the track.  The actual wash went fine, at least from the inside of my car I thought.  When it was over, I assumed some dryers would drop down and blow the water off my car and I'd be done.  Nope.  You then have to pull out of the bay and get in line for the drying process at another station.  Since we're in AZ, you can guess what happens if there's a whopping line of 2 or more others.  Yep, your car starts to air-dry before you even officially begin.  So, it's finally my turn, I pull up to the dryer, pop that token in and I get about a minute of the dryers blowing on my car.  Once I pulled out of the dryer station, I wanted to pull my mirrors back out and I was disappointed to see my car looked worse than before my visit.  I have a dark paint so your mileage may vary, but streaks were everywhere along with some residue that didn't get completely rinsed off.  I left and immediately and went to another quick wash place.  Won't be back here again unless I'm in the area and every other car wash in the Valley is out of business.  Even then, it's probably wiser to just wait for the next rain and receive a more thorough job.
1	It was a nice place, until recently they added no bucket allowed policy.Its bad because we end up using more water and more money
5	This is my spot! I don't know what the heck the other people are talking about, but this place has always gotten my car clean. I'm not sure what people are expecting here. Car cleaned...checked. Dryer...check. What else do you need?! How difficult is to drive your car into the area...if you can't do that, then I think you have bigger issues than a car wash.
