5	Yay! I have soft water!! When I was getting ready to move into my new house, I found out it had a soft water loop with no soft water unit. So I began my search for soft water units, I found this company online. Gave them a call, I work weird hours but they were able to stop by and evaluate everything while I was at work. They did the install and came by to explain everything to me on a day when I was home. They even did it before I paid them. I got the best service, they were great at communicating with me and leaving me notes and instructions. Great guys and when I want to expand my water quality I am going to get their R/O system. Check out their website and give them a call!! Their direct cell numbers are:Tom Atkinson: (602) 339-0784 (cell)Tom Knapp: (602) 339-1427 (cell)
5	I recently had a water-softner installed by this company.  They showed up when scheduled and did a good job.  Prior to sale they answered all my questions and didn't try to "up sell" to me.  Price was very competitive and the warranty on labor and parts is nice.  I checked numerous places and this was the best price and product and they have a great record with the B.B.B.
5	Wow, called them at 7am because my RO system was constantly running and they were able to come out that same morning and have my system installed before 10am!  I always see their sign on the side of the I-17 freeway near Deer Valley that has a special of $189 for a new system.  After speaking to them they recommend a higher quality system for $299, I was so pumped that they would come out same day I really didn't care about price.  I just didn't want to deal with it and the water we were wasting was bothering me.  They do not take credit cards....
2	I give two stars instead of one because we couldn't get a tech to arrive for either of the two attempts we made at scheduling service.  I would give one star for customer service, but perhaps when (if?) they actually show up, they do good work?We initially set up an three-hour window for a simple filter change.  According to the company, we received a confirmation call (not received on our end). Because we didn't "confirm" the already scheduled appointment, they did not come.We rescheduled for another three hour window.  The tech called, and was an hour early.  We planned our day around the three-hour window, and weren't home the hour before. The tech was quite put off by this.  We talked to the scheduling rep about the issue, and the rep also displayed quite a bit of attitude. We were told that the three-hour windows were "guidelines," and no one could guarantee an accurate timeframe for the filter change.We called another company, they gave us an hour window, arrived when they said they would, and got the job done. In my opinion, American Home Water might be great if you are an agoraphobic who never leaves your home and has all the time in the world to sit around waiting for company reps that are less than friendly.
5	I've had a water softener and an RO System in my house for the last 4 years. American Home Water was the one who installed it and have only had to come out to deliver salt bags to us! We have had no problems with our equipment in the last 4 years, the prices are very reasonable, and they are very quick to get back to you and are always considerate of your time and work around your schedule. Like another reviewer said, they were honest and upfront and didn't try to "up sell" me on anything. They were very knowledgable of their systems, and were very friendly when they came. I couldn't have asked for a better experience, and I would highly recommend them to anyone who is looking for a water softener or RO system!
5	Called at 10am on a Saturday, had a new water heater by 1pm.  The installer, Johnny, was super friendly and did a great job. Very pleased!
5	Our water heater started leaking so we called Tom and set up a time to change it out for a new one. It was very nice to get it done same day. Our service tech., Wilson, showed up as promised and did a great job. He was very knowledgeable and professional. He explained everything and left the work area very clean.      Great price, great service.  Glad I called!
5	Water heaters.  How often do you EVER check yours out?  Mine's in a closet in the garage.  Forgettable. Until this morning, when I saw a strange rust-colored stain on the floor outside the closet.  Checked the heater, and not only was there a little sheen of water, but a nice crust of calcium sediment on the base.  Clearly the heater had been leaking for a while.  This freaked me out, because water/electric are not a good mix.  Last time my old unit died, it caught fire, so needless to say, I was a bit panicky about getting this replaced ASAP.Based on the yelp reviews, I called American Home Water about 11:30AM.  Around 1:30PM, Wilson was rolling up with my new heater.  Yes, two hours later.  On a Friday, no less.  Around 3PM, Wilson was rolling out.  But, not before giving me my warranty booklet, explaining what's warrantied, showing me how to change the temperature (should I need to boil a body or something, I imagine), explaining how I should drain the tank once a year (no one has EVER mentioned this), putting on new fittings, showing me how to turn it off if there's a problem, throwing a label on the tank, and cleaning up the area as if he was never there (that's not entirely true, because he even cleaned up the water stains from the old unit which were NOT his fault!).Great service, fair price, personable technician.  Definitely recommend this contractor!
5	When we bought our water softener 2 years ago (a refurbished unit) I did my research online and selected American Home Water.  Next day install was neat, clean and professionally done.  Later that day a minor seep appeared on the controller unit, I called, it was repaired that afternoon.  Recently had major leaking issues develop...water running out the back of the garage.  I emailed AHW on the evening of January 1st asking them to arrange with our tenants to get in to fix it.  AHW phoned 4 times the next day to make contact and arranged an appointment for Jan 3rd to ascertain the problem. On the morning of Saturday Jan 4 I received a call from Tom at AHW that the tank had multiple leaks and would be replaced today at no cost, full parts and labor covered.I am writing this review to compliment the service we have received.  At every step of our relations it has been exemplary.  Products fail...it happens.  The measure of a company is how they respond.  I could not be more pleased.
5	I recently moved to a new home and was in desperate need of soft water.  American Home Water had the lowest prices I could find anywhere, so I scheduled an installation for a Saturday.  They could have scheduled me for any day, but I work so I needed a weekend.  I bought a water softener and a RO System including an ice line to my fridge.   The guys who came out were very nice and professional.  They really took the time to explain the systems and answer my questions.  I even set up a reminder in my phone for my first filter change.  Overall I was very satisfied with the products and services rendered.
5	We had a water heater, water softener and reverse osmosis installed by American Home Water and they are a great company to deal with. Cleaned up completely and gave complete instructions on how all the systems operated. They have great pricing and there was absolutely no high pressure sales tactics. Just answered all our questions, gave us a quote and left. We called them back and they installed everything at our convenience.
5	Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.Gerardo was our technician and did a great job on our water system.  He arrived on time and was very efficient in his work.  Thanks AHW.  Steve
5	We had been looking into getting soft water for about a year, and actively searching for approximately 3 months. Did all of the usual: tried to educate ourselves with the product and then looked for someone who would be able provide what we wanted. I immediately noticed that the vast majority of the companies do not publish their prices for the units. This seems a little odd because the internet being what it is, you can always find a review or something where a customer publishes the price, so its a little ridiculous that companies try to hide this. AHW is obviously different, publishing their prices and being very open and honest up front. It's obvious why they publish their prices because you will notice a massive difference between AHW and places like Kinetico, which have units for $4,000+. AHW's prices are certainly in line with companies that do not saturate the market with advertising (about $1300), but since they had good yelp reviews, great warranties, and a website that allowed us to actually plan the cost, we gave them a try, scheduling for April 1.The process was as painless as it could be, and exactly as advertised. First, and this is a massive sign on whether a company values your time, they arrived when they said they would. I had to take time off of work, and they showed me the common courtesy of being prompt. Second, the guy who got out of the car was the owner of the company, Tom. He evaluated our situation, gave me a quote which was really a formality since they publish their prices, and had a guy over to our house within an hour. Gerardo arrived at the house, again on time, and he had my phone number and gave me the courtesy of keeping me informed. He was exactly what you would want: completely professional, polite but to the point to get the work done and get us set up. Nice little touch that lets you know you're dealing with good people: he noticed the frame to my attic access was loose and just needed to be nailed in better and asked if he I would like for him to fix it quickly. Leaving a work site better than when you found it is pretty impressive. Attention to detail, polite, professional, that's 5 stars every time. Thanks Gerardo (and Tom)!I don't recall the time but it was about an hour and the process had started for soft water. We've had the unit now a few weeks and we are already saying how we can't believe we went all these years without it.
5	We had an end-to-end great experience with American Home Water this week.I called AHW because they had installed the RO system and water softener we purchased through another company back when our house was built over ten years ago and their number was on the unit. I had called them late Wednesday night and left a message detailing the issues we were having with our systems. Thursday morning I received a call back from AHW and talked with a very nice lady who looked our install up in the system. She was pretty shocked after talking to me and realizing we had never had the filters in the RO system changed over the course of ten years (Yes, I know better now.) She quoted me a price for replacing all the filters and the tank which from the issue I described (about 2 oz of water coming from the tank before it ran out) led her to believe we had a bad tank bladder. She also mentioned to me the cost of a new unit which was only about $30 more, so we opted to have the whole RO system replaced. She also scheduled to have the technician look at our water softener when he was out because it was leaking water in the garage.Johnny came out to the house on Friday and installed the new RO system and it's running like a champ. He brought in his own towels and laid them out around the work space and cleared the area of any debris when he was done. He was also very helpful with the questions I had.He then looked at the water softener unit which was leaking water from the brine tank. The tank was filled way too high with water because of a broken floater valve in the tank and the salt we had in the brine tank had solidified. I admit I left the system running for a long time (over a year) without really looking into the issue and it cost me. The system had not been able to get brine water from the tank, but had continued softening the water which resulted in completely killing the softener which was evidenced by the hard water we were getting at the tap even though it was going through the softener. The end result was we were going to need to either replace the reactive medium inside the softener and the bad brine tank or get a new unit. We decided on a new unit, as again the price difference was marginal.On Saturday Gerardo called to let us know he was on the way to install the new unit Johnny had arranged for us the day before. Gerardo showed up promptly and got right to work. He removed our setup and installed the new system in just over an hour. After he was done installing it he fired the system up and made sure there were no leaks while it filled. Once everything was finished he swept up his work area and hauled away the old unit and all the trash from the install. He was also very helpful with my questions and explained the system to me and when to add salt and how much.Everyone I interacted with at American Home Water was extremely professional and helpful. We bought our original system from a company who came door-to-door when our neighborhood was being built up, and AHW was the installer they used. I wish we had known about AHW when it came to buying the system itself, because the replacements we bought from them this week were less than 50% of what we originally paid.Avoid the guys that come to your door selling water softening solutions and just go to the source, call AHW, you won't be disappointed.
5	I bought a water softener from these guys a few years ago. I like that when I call, I either speak to someone right away or get a return call quickly. They notify me annually when it's time to change my whole house water filter. The installers and service people are prompt, neat and courteous. The equipment has worked perfectly.When we needed a water heater, I got a couple of estimates but ended up purchasing from American Home Water. They gave the best price plus my previous experience told me they were trustworthy.Now I have a terrific new hot water heater that was installed by a friendly and efficient tech. This is a professional organization. I highly recommend them.
3	Despite their description, they do not install RO systems that were purchased from someone else.  Guy who answered the phone immediately said RO system I purchased was no good and I should buy one from them.
5	My technician, Johnny, was prompt, friendly and knowledgeable. He presented me with my options without trying to sell me on one way or another. I opted for a brand new RO system. He removed the old unit, installed the new unit and was finished in about 30 minutes. He showed me how to properly care for my new unit and cleaned his work area. I am very pleased with my experience with this company and will recommend American Home Water to others.
5	I had a 3 year old Bradford White water heater breakdown.  I purchased this water heater from a handyman service and had called them out to repair.  They were not very helpful.  Since this was the second time it had broken down, I already knew it was the gas valve.  I called American Home Water after hours and spoke to their after hours support.  I gave him the situation and he gave me labor cost to replace the warranty part. I left a message with the service department and they called me first thing, confirmed my information and dispatched a tech.   The tech was at my house with part in hand within an hour after of giving my address.  The part was replaced quickly and at the reasonable rate quoted.
5	Highly recommend this company.  Professional throughout the entire process from quote to completion.  Installers (Angel and Higi) were on time, professional, and answered all of my questions.  Would strongly recommend this company to anyone interested in a water softener system
5	We purchased a hot water heater from them.  Best prices and very prompt customer service.  Our technician, Gerardo, was prompt, very friendly.  Quick installation  and very clean.  He did a great job.  We shopped around and they had the very best prices.  Would highly recommend them and their wonderful employees.
5	Had AHW install a water softener and RO system in our new house. They couldn't have done a better job! And the were very professional in every respect! Someone was always available whenever we called. We had to cancel he RO install because I was a little slow getting the new sink plumbing connected. They actually called us several times to attempt to complete the job!Gerardo was our technician, he was outstanding! Would highly recommend, and will definitely use them again when the need raises!
5	I love doing business with this company.  They are always prompt and efficient and I never have a problem with my RO unit. During my  recent maintenance visit my technician, Gerardo, explained what service he performed and fixed a small leak in a hose that would be hard to spot.  His attention to detail probably save me a bigger problem down the road.  Thank you!
5	Two years ago I bought a water softener and filtration system from AHW.  They carry good products at reasonable prices.  I really like the service they provide.  Easy to get appointments, quick response time, professional technicians, always very helpful.  They call to remind me when my filter needs changing.  This year Gerardo changed my water filter.  He was very prompt, thorough and professional like everyone I've dealt with at AHW.  Highly recommend this company if you need prompt, reliable, affordable service.
5	We had AHW come out to install our water softener and they did a fantastic job.  Very professional, and went above and beyond by fixing the corrosion on the pipes by our water main. We had them come out again to install an RO unit that we had purchased online. Gerardo was our guy and he was prompt, professional, and very helpful. Highly recommend.
5	First of all, the price can't be matched.  I had another company quote almost TWICE as much for the same work to be done, and that was including them giving me a discount.  AHW was definitely the right price.I made my appointment and right on time, Gerardo showed up, went over the process, and got right to work.  He was considerate of my sleeping baby, and did his best to stay completely quiet.  He even gave me a heads up when he was about to start drilling the granite counter top for my new r/o spout.The unit installed on the first day actually had a problem with it, so Gerardo came back out and got it repaired/replaced right away.  I highly recommend this company, and want to give special kudos to Gerardo for his great service!TD in Gilbert, AZ
5	My 10-yr old water heater was leaking. I have AHS insurance, and was getting screwed by their 'recommended' plumbing contractors supposed non-negotiable necessary "additional parts and fees".  After finding out I could get reimbursed for  the cash value if I found a better deal, I went on the search for someone. American Home Water showed well on Yelp so I gave them a call.  Wow!!  An honest plumbing contractor!  Yeah, there was a little out of pocket difference, but nothing like those ripoff guys that leach off AHS insurance. AHW has fair and all inclusive pricing, no pressure, no rip-off, no BS. I'm a fan. Angel was punctual, courteous, knew what he was doing, and got the water heater replaced quickly, cleanly, and professionally. Great tech!I'd recommend AHW to anyone, and they'll be who I call first in the future.
5	The water heater in the house I'm renting started leaking so my landlord's contractor set everything up with them to install a new one. They called me within an hour to set up a time, were very flexible with my schedule, and even called a few hours later to remind me/confirm. We scheduled for 4:30 and Angel was waiting out front when I arrived at 4:27...not just on time, but early and waiting! :) He was very friendly and polite and got everything installed fairly quickly. Would recommend.
5	We've had them come out to change filters after purchasing a water filtration system and they are very quick to respond. They are very professional and clean up very well when they're done. On this last appointment a man named Higinio came out and handled everything and even assisted with a small plumbing leak under the sink.
5	This company is amazing!  I called this morning for service on my RO system.  You sent Gerardo out this afternoon who installed a brand new system.  He was very pleasant and knowledgeable and left my kitchen exactly as he found it :)  Great company with one amazing employee!!  Gerardo was fantastic!
5	After researching different brands and companies we decided to go with American Home Water.  I called in the morning and spoke with Tom who gave me a quote over the phone.  He offered to come over to go over everything.   Later that morning he came and told me about the company,  explained the different options for water softeners and explained the benefits of having soft water.  He was never pushy and never made me feel like I had to give him an answer right then.   The next morning we called and told them we decided to go with them and would like the president water softener.  They were able to come out later that afternoon and install it!  Our technicians were Angel and Hinginio.  They were on time and quick,  efficient and very polite.   After it was installed they explained the system to me and were on their way.  I would definitely recommend American Home Water to my friends and family.   They were easy to work with, had very competitive prices and the full parts and labor warranty is great!
5	Just got my water heater replaced by AHW.  Their response time was awesome.  My technicians were Angel and Higinio.  They were very professional and clean and took great care in the removal and installation of the new unit and cleaned up the surrounding area.  As a business owner myself, I appreciate these qualities in an employee.  I vote for raises for these two gentlemen  :0)
5	Had a complete water treatment system installed  ... water softener, house filter and RO drinking water system. The installers, Jose and Fidel are very professional, experienced, and neat.  They called before arriving and completed the entire install in about 2 hours.  We now have soft water that feels great, and the RO drinking water looks and tastes the same as bottled water ... can't tell the difference.  We got a great price that's advertised on their website.   Highly recommend if you are thinking about getting a softener and/or RO.  Great and highly reliable products with great warranties.
5	I had Tom come out last week and give me a quote for a new install of a water softener. The quote was very good and set up a time for today. Fidel & Gerardo came exactly at the scheduled time. Not only did they do the work I asked, they pointed out some bad values (I have a house from the 70's) and I had them replaced for near nothing. The guys were awesome and the product is phenomenal! I recommended these guys to anyone/everyone!
5	AHW replaced the faucet top on our R/O system. We had accidentally broken it and they came out the same day we called. We also had them replace our filter at the same time. AHW is professional, prompt and accommodating.  My daughter has started using AHW to maintain her water treatment system and she is as pleased as we are.
5	American Home Water installed my water softener, reverse osmosis system, and hot water heater in my last house and loved the products and service. When I moved last year, I called them for another water softener and reverse osmosis.  Gerardo installed the both and did a fabulous job.  I love that they call to schedule filter changes, so I don't have to remember.  Gerardo came back to do the filter change. He called to let me know he was on the way and was in and out quickly.  LOVE AHW!
5	Super job, from the quote (Tom Atkinson owner) to the installation (Jose Higinio) -- knowledgeable, clean installation, fast, perfect.  Called at 10 am and by 3 pm new system installed.  Highly recommend!!!
5	Here's my straight to the point review. We just recently moved to Gilbert, AZ. After shopping around for a new RO system, I found AHW to have the lowest price of all. Filled out their online appointment form and within the next hour, Tom Atkinson called and set up an appointment for installation the same day. GERARDO, their tech, who was sent to install the RO was very courteous, pleasant and knowledgeable. He installed it fast, and did a great job--very clean. He then explained very simply the procedure to get me going with my new RO. I give this company the highest rating because I had the most pleasant experience doing business with them. I highly recommend AHW. Fyi, I already got a quote on my next project which is installation of a new water softener. I sincerely hope every company should be like them. Great job guys and more power!
5	Came in with a great price plus yelp discount. Came the same day and put in the water heater. Gerardo did a nice clean job of installing and removing the old heater. Could not ask for more.
5	This was a great experience! We had an RO system installed in our office. The company was knowledgeable and got someone to our office the day after we called. Gerardo was very nice to deal with and was active with his communication. He installed our new system and made sure I didn't have any questions! The overall experience was great! I would highly recommend American Home Water! Thanks Gerardo!
5	It took me awhile to get to this review - but I saved the card so I could do it later.  This is my second water heater from this company.  Both times the service was excellent and so was their service and pricing.  Both times they hooked up my ice maker in the garage for free.  They went over to my old neighbor after installing my water heater and hooked up their new ice maker for $75.  Totally great deal.  Who could even get a plumber to come out for $75!   Gerado was my installer and he was great!  Highly recommend this company!
5	We found A leak in the morning after our new dishwasher had been installed by someone else. I called in the morning and they were here in about 30 minutes. Gerardo is the best. He cleaned so well my floor even looked better than it had prior to him fixing the leaks and servicing our product.
5	I had my R.O. Serviced first time by American Home Water.  Technician was on time. I had a concern, and at once I was contacted on Sunday. Tom came right to my home and rectified my concerns.  This is a truly caring company. It is a good feeling to know a company is willing to stand behind their work.
5	Angel from American Home Water just finished installing my new hot water heater and I couldn't be happier about the entire experience. Called them on Sunday to discuss the constant dripping from my hot water heater out of the temperate pressure relief valve.  They told me based on the age of my heater (10 years) it didn't make sense to repair.  Scheduled me for the next day.  Angel called ahead to make sure i was going to be home and then arrived when he said he would (I don't find this to be the case with most companies).  I hate the 2-4 hour window they like to give you). He was efficient and had everything installed within an hour.  Price was excellent (I had been shopping around prior to this happening)and  I rec'd a 5% discount for being a yelp customer.   Will make sure to refer all of my friends and family to them in the future.  Thank you American Home Water for making this such a pleasurable experience!
5	Called to have our water softener repaired and they sent someone out in less than 24 hours. Gerardo showed up on time, was professional, and corrected the problem in the same visit. I highly recommend this company. From purchase to service, it's been top notch.
5	This is my third experience with AHW. They go out of their way to provide excellent service. They are prompt and courteous. They get the job done right the first time. I have called them at weird hours and they have arranged times with me and bent over backwards to accommodate my schedule. Higinio has been to my house 2 times and has been excellent. the first time he installed a hot water heater that had exploded with a new one and this time repaired my salt system. He is fantastic and although I got caught in traffic and it was "after hours" he stayed to get it done.The prices are always right on, and in this market to have a company that cares and is prompt and thorough is a great thing. I found them quite by accident when I had an emergency need and now I would never use anyone else. They are responsive and personable.Thanks AHWS!
5	Always a concern when you^re looking for a tradesman that you"re not sure what you will get. Yelp is my go to for reviews, so I found this company and hoped they would be as good as their 5 stars rating. They are. Just had Gerardo install a new water heater and he couldn't have been more professional or courteous.It's obvious these guys know their business. From start to finish, a great experience. Would highly recommend.
5	We needed to have our old reverse osmosis system replaced but were having trouble finding a good price. The company we'd used to service our existing system for 10 years had become very pushy with sales pitches and gave us an outrageous quote on a new system. After calling several places, a family member recommended AHW. I'm so thankful! I was able to talk to a knowledgeable person right away and get an immediate quote. Their quote was the best I received. They then offered same day service and had someone out that afternoon. The installer, Jose, was very professional, called ahead to tell me exactly what time he'd arrive, and then arrived on time. He got the job done, was polite, and answered all our questions. We are very happy with our AHW experience and would highly recommend them to others. We look forward to an ongoing relationship with this fine company.
5	After hemming and hawing over having a desperately-needed water system installed in my house for the past four years, I'm sooo glad that I didn't go with the super-expensive "big name" company (whose reviews, quite frankly, stank).     Before going with Big Name, decided on a whim one day to call AHW because of stellar Yelp reviews.  My call was promptly answered by none other than one of  the owners of the company, who surprised me by saying that he could swing by my house within the hour for a quick 15 min quote - nothing like the two hour, by appointment, only-if-your-husband-is-also-home kind of thing that I'd grown used to.   The price he quoted was literally 1/3 of the "big name with the bad reviews" company.  Still a significant expense, so I waited another four months before deciding to go ahead with it.  I called on Dec. 30, and they scheduled my install for the next day!   Even honored my original quote when they could have waited until after the first and hit me with a price increase.   Install was a little tricky, as I live in an older house and there's a bit of digging and extra plumbing involved.  However, job was done to perfection within hours by very courteous and professional installers.  My water now feels great and tastes amazing.   Here's the kicker: I had two different issues within the first week (one was truly a non-issue,  and one had to do with my irrigation line being affected by the outdoor digging/plumbing).  In each case, my call for help was received immediately and responded to, literally, within the hour.  Unheard of.   This is old-school service.  You will not regret giving these guys your business.  Great job AHW!!
5	I had a good experience with American Home Water.  We had a Reverse Osmosis System installed yesterday. My technician Gerarde was on time, professional and knowledgeable.  I would recommend these guys to my friends.
