3	I was delighted to stumble upon a Prince lounge act at the Boardwalk Casino. Who doesn't love a little Prince in Vegas? On Saturday night, you can find a few fake Princes lounging around - my friends and I saw the purple jumpsuit prince (yay!) and a strangely large Prince in a tiger striped blazer (boo!). And remember they take their lounge acts seriously in Vegas. My friend was so delighted to see him, that she busted out her digicam and started snapping pictures. Much to our dismay, we got booted out of the lounge. All my friend could yell as we were escorted out was "What's the problem? It's not like he's the REAL prince."
1	I don't get it. Its about time they tore down this casino and put up a real one.
3	You know what, I'm actually a little bit sad to find out that this hotel was closed down, blown up, or whatever.....the only reason being that I'm such a dork, I actually LIKED their buffet!!!!  ;-)  When I stayed there, I wanted to go see the Prince cover act, I swear I really did, if only it didn't start at 2 AM......geez....I took a late nap and woke up the next morning so I missed it.....
5	Oh, so everyone else gave the Boardwalk one star...Not me, baby!  Yes, I realize it's been torn down/blown up/otherwise undone by human hands...Why do I love thee so?  Well, this was the site of my wedding.  My marriage.  My betrothal, if you will...  Okay, so we were broke kids in love, looking to elope in Vegas after a (LONG ASS) drive there from SF.  In July.  With no air conditioning.  If our love can survive that, it can survive anything, right?  So far, yes.  Also, the Boardwalk had a fabulous and small casino, unbelievable Prince revival every night and pretty damn good odds.  Also, a very sincere but cheesy ministeress who performed our wedding (much to our delight, althoug it was difficult, nee impossible, to supress our giggles)....Great place, now gone.  You know they'll build something better in its place.  We'll be there for our 10 year, 25 year and 50 year reunion.  Oh yeah...
4	Grated, this was one of the most dilapitated establishments on the strip...but although The Boardwalk Hotel & Casino is closed, it still holds a special place in my heart.  A review is in store for providing a memory that will be stamped in my head forever.New Years 2006Two Hotel Rooms:          $250Three Bottles of Moet:     $90One Bottle of Goose:      $40Mixers:                               $155 Girls under 21 wishing they were of age to attend all the clubbing, gambling and other fun during one of the craziest nights & and getting plastered beyond oblivion instead:      ***PRICELE$$***
2	...and here are some photos right at the end.
1	There's a good reason why this hotel has closed down. I won't get into details, but I was comped a room... I should have just paid to get a room in a better hotel, but you live and learn. First of all, I was by myself, and for all you females out there, listen to me when I say, use the internal door locks, regardless of where you are staying. Anywhoo, after a long, debaucherous night, I go back to my room and pass out. Which was surprising because it seemed every Frat house in America had booked there and judging by the noise had plans on reliving Animal House there that night. So a moment of silence finally comes and I'm awaken by a key at my door, I don't know who was on the other side of that door, or why they were there, but they had OPENED my door. That's when I ran to the door, locked the internal lock, called front desk, packed and got the hell out of there. Good riddance.
4	The boardwalk is one of my favorite budget hotels and casinos. It will be missed. I loved the deli. The cheap good fried food. the good lounge acts. The quarter game machine. Great location and great prices. Was a memorable experience every time i stayed here or just visited there just for cheap food and fun. Shrimp cocktails fried shrimp or chicken. for 6.00. If i didnt want a buffet or any thing fancy i always came here.
2	The Boardwalk Hotel and Casino is no more and is now where the Mandarin Tower is located but it's nice to remember that it still exist in my long term memory as far as when I was a kid going to Las Vegas back in the 90's. What I liked was looking at the fake fair on the front of the hotel with the fake roller coaster in the front and I thought it was real and wondered why I never saw it being used and the ferris wheel was fake too! All in all it was a nice looking sub par hotel on the Las Vegas strip that lived up to it's glory with the land put to better use with the construction of City Center with the Mandarin Tower located right where the Boardwalk Hotel use to be.
5	RIP. This place was great. I miss it so. The location was perfect. The price was cheap. They had a deli here that was great served fried shrimp chicken and fries for like 6 7 dollars it was insane. When i first started coming to vegas when i was 21 i would always stay here. I loved it. Not the best for a hotel but was good enough, i would compare it to motel 6.
