5	I went to this class on a monday night, never having done pilates before.  It is a small class of 5 people.  The instructor was great in helping me out without making me feel like a complete looser.  The girls in there taking the class with me had been doing it for a while and looked spectacular, the truth.  The studio is small but very nice and clean, I actually saw the instructor clean the mats before and after we were done.  They have refreshments,  snacks and everything you need.  All you have to do is show up.  The price of the class is 25 dollars per.  You have to schedule one week in advance but I think it is totally worth the price and commitment!  I couldn't walk the next day so I know it is doing it's job!  If you like pilates I would totally recommend it, for new bee's it's a little difficult and yes it hurts. The good pain.
5	Such an amazing studio, Brenda, Trish & Monica make you feel like family. I get a great workout everytime!!!
5	I have been doing Pilates the past few months and love it! Trish and Brenda are great instructors and have passion for what they do. The studio is beautiful and relaxing to work out in. I highly recommend Pilates Element!
4	I was looking for a workout to do during my lunch break that was close by and didn't make me look like a wet mop when I returned to work. I thought Pilates Element may be the perfect combination and I was spot on. This isn't the pilates you do in your local gym - this is the real deal. They have the Pilates machines that really work your whole body. The machines have varying levels of resistance depending on whether you are stretching or working various muscle groups. The instructor, Kelly, was super friendly and very knowledgable about muscle groups and Pilates in general. Not that it matters THAT much, but the decor in the studio is also awesome. I want their decorator to come to my house! Tip: If you go to Pilates Elements, it's just down the sidewalk between the 2 buildings on your left.
5	I took Kelly's class.  She's super nice and explains each move very well so it's easy to understand.  I got a real workout and can tell you that every muscle was firing when I left, but I wasn't in any pain.
