5	I went here in July, 2009 to get treated for back pains caused by a car accident. I remember I made the appointment on very short notice and they were so kind to accommodate me. I was feeling very stressed out because of the accident and my back pain, but when I showed up for my appointment, I felt instantly calm. Everyone was so friendly and the doctor was amazing. I highly recommend this place to anyone with chiropractic needs! In fact, I need to schedule myself an appointment because I am definitely overdue for one.
5	This office is amazingly accommodating and friendly.  Michelle up front is always a pleasure to talk to, and Dr. Singer and Dr. Fisher are both very knowledgable and easy to get along with.  If you need a chiropractor, you need to come to this office.
5	Normally I don't like to write reviews of doctors offices because I feel like I disclose personal information, but I have been a loyal patient of Wellness Institute for quite some time and couldn't ask for a better chiropractor.The office is located at the corner of Wigwam and Pecos. It is quite a drive from my side of town but it's totally worth it. Michelle at the front desk is super friendly and practically knows all patients' names. I've been seen by both Dr. Singer and Dr. Fischer, and they are both very nice and great at making me feel relaxed. I had never been to a chiropractor before this, and the thought of someone cracking my spine scared me at first. But the doctors quickly put me at ease.I have also taken advantage of their massage services. Sarah, one of the massage therapists, gave me a wonderful relaxing massage that helped ease my back and leg pains associated with my pregnancy.Their scheduling is so convenient. You can do online scheduling or give Michelle a call. They also accept most insurance so that works out very well for me.I highly recommend Wellness Institute for your chiropractic needs. 5+++ stars!
4	Michelle took care of my elbow. She's cool. Never went to a chiropractor before, so I can't compare to other places. So far so good
5	Excellent practice!!!Professional Dr's.offering extremely positive results. As an out of state patient requiring an immediate adjustment, I received a level of care that exceeds all expectations. Dr. Perl effectively triaged specific chronic areas, while communicating the treament I was receiving. Her compassion and quality of care is outstanding. Due to my extensive business travels, I have had the opportunity to receive treatment through out the USA in excess of over 40 plus chropractic practices and providers. I find this practice one of the top 3 providers I have ever been treated by and would continue if I was a resident of Henderson!!After only 3 visits at the Wellness Institute of Nevada, I can heartily endorse and recommend this office to anyone. Anyone searching for quality chiropractic  treatment, with appropriate recovery  and maintenance programs available to ensure a long-term, healthy liftestyle without the hard sell, or inappropriate diagnosis, will find this practice the right choice.
5	Dr. Singer has a nice, gentle way of fixing your neck and back pain. She couldn't be any nicer and treats you like family. She really makes sure you understand your problem and ultimately ordered a MRI, which said exactly what she had already told me. I wish that I would not have procrastinated so long. Thanks Dr. Singer.
5	I found the institute while looking up nearby locations. I rolled the dice and decided to check them out. I was able to quickly make an appointment online and for the following Saturday! Dr. Singer has a gentle nature and helped to ease my woes :)  I just made my second appointment and am looking forward to it. If you are in need of a chiropractor, go see her. You wont be disappointed!
5	I've been seeing Dr. Singer at WIN for several years and highly recommend her. She uses a gentle technique to perform adjustments that works wonders. My neck/shoulder/arm pain is now gone! It's great for kids too.
5	Dr. Singer is great!  She listens to your words and listens to what your body is telling her during the assessment.  I was scared to see a chiropractor, but she has a mild-mannered approach and a warm disposition.  I will recommend her to everyone I know for sure!!!
5	I have been regularly been seeing Dr. Singer for several months and she is wonderful. She is treating my sciatica and has been effectively treating it and preventing it from getting worse. She knows what she is doing and she does it well. I appreciate that she schedules my visits as she deems necessary; she is not trying to rip you off by overscheduling you when you don't need to be there (I heard this can happen at other places). All of the staff here are so friendly and always smiling. I have also done the massage packages along with my boyfriend and we love their work. The massage packages are fairly priced, flexible, and shareable. I took a chance and cold - called them the last time my sciatica flared up and I am extremely glad I chose them.
