4	I brought my mini daschie in and we tried on Xmas sweaters and walked around the store- picked out a toy and then he even got a treat at the checkout aisle! We really enjoyed ourselves! It was a great treat to take my puppy out!
4	Fortunately I have a low-maintenance dog, grooming-wise: she's short haired, doesn't shed much, and rarely gets into anything smelly.  Unfortunately, I think she's claustrophobic.  She spends bath times trying to escape and pedicure sessions running away, so finding a groomer is essential.  Throw in the fact that she's a pitbull and people are afraid of the breed, and it gets even harder.The Petco groomers were pretty good.  They were able to squeeze her in with about 24 hours' notice.  At first I thought the groomer seemed a little stand-offish but when Rosa popped her head over the counter, she immediately warmed up.  There was a different groomer to ring us up and she said that Rosa was friendly and full of kisses, so obviously the groomers were nice and she felt comfortable, which makes me feel comfortable if/when I bring her back.It cost $32 for a full service bath, which "includes a 15-minute brush out, bath, blow dry, ears cleaned, nails trimmed, anal glands checked, ribbon and fragrance".  They have a lot of other add-on services, like a de-skunking bath and teeth brushing.  It you have a Petco Pals card, you get the 9th grooming session free.The only cons were that it took a while (about an hour and a half - a weekday appointment might be faster) and the entrance to the grooming section is right next to the cages of adoptable cats - this seems like a sure way to ensure traumatized cats.  There is a separate door that we used to exit, so definitely use that if your dog will try to go after the cats.As far as the store itself, it's huge.  Petco is like the Walmart of pet stores - everything you could ever need is here.  They also sell fish, reptiles, and little mammals (ferrets, mice, Guinea pigs).I would prefer to go to a locally owned groomer and pet store, but I was surprised and pleased with Petco's grooming.
3	I brought Sophie in to get some more supplies.  What puppy couldn't need more toys?  Then the ambush occurred.  A lady that works as a vendor for one of the dog foods decided to make me her project for the day.  I told her that I wasn't interested since I use foods that are very low in fat -- Boston Terriers are notorious for getting fat when they are older and many dogs tend to have issues with fattier foods.  She still went forward -- why?  Her dog food was 15% fat whereas the one I used was 8%.  Show me one that is lower, I might think about changing; now please leave me alone.The store itself was larger than others in the area, not as large as others I have seen, and I was able to find the items that I was looking for.  The associates were nice and Sophie had a good time meeting new people and seeing dogs 20 times her size  (she only weighs 5lbs right now).I was happy with the store.  I was happy with the associates.  I DID NOT like the lady that stalked me as I went through the store.  Petco, please talk to your in-store vendors and let them know that it is NOT okay to continually stalk your customers.  Especially when they have already said, "NO!" several time.Annoying lady, nice selection
3	Has everything I need for my pretty kitty and my fish live past 2 days.
2	This is a typical big chain.  I called ahead to see if they carried my brand/type of dog food before I headed over.  I was specific.  They said 'yes' and I came on down to buy.  It turns out they didn't have it.  Other than that it is a pretty typical big box pet store.  They sell small animals, fish, and birds.  The prices are OK but not particularly low.  The staff is present but not particularly knowledgeable.
4	It's convenient, it's close, it's Petco.  I frequent a lot just because I can take little man in if I want.  Careful taking your pet inside, or you might have the experience I had where a gentleman was walking and didn't notice my pup and kicked him.  Prices are moderate, depending on what you are looking for.  Be sure to have or get the card there, even if you don't plan on shopping often.  Without it  you won't get the deals, and like I said, prices are moderate.  Selection is good, wide variety.  My pup and cat don't seem to mind when I go a little wild in there and come home with just about everything I didn't need.
4	I've been in a few times to pick things up for my kitten.  The prices are decent and the staff is really knowledgeable.  The location is great whether you are arriving by foot, bus, or car.Another review complained about the in-store venders, but I found them to be crazy useful--while I'm looking for low-grain healthy food and biodegradable litter, I'm not married to any one brand and the kitten isn't picky at all either.  The venders ALWAYS have coupons.  While it's not a great idea to frequently change a cat's food, these coupons are good for a year and some of them work on treats/supplements.I also love the weekend vaccination clinic.  The vaccinations are listed as "low-cost."  The prices for the actual vaccinations are the basically the same as every vet in the city, BUT you don't have to pay for the office visit so that saves about $50.  Score.  Especially great if you have a tiny kitten that still needs boosters and has already seen the vet.  The only downside is that a huge dog jumped on my cat's carrier and tried to squish kitten.  Luckily, kitten was more interested in smelling and licking said dog than in being afraid...but beware that some of these other owners are not properly containing their pets.
2	I will never go back for their nail clipping service!! I went in last night with my dog to get his nails clipped, only to find out that I would have to help hold him in the entrance way so they could clip his nails, instead of in the back where they could contain him, because a dog had been skunked that day and the odor remained. My dog gets very scared and proceeded to pee in the entrance way every time we tried to cut his nails, which then got all over him and me. And that wasn't even the worst of it, she only cut his front paws because the back did not need done, and then proceeded to charge us the whole amount. Never again! :)
1	I just wanted to write you to express my extreme disappointment in the Waterfront location. My granddaughter and I bought two mollies last night around 8-8:30pm last night. One of them died over night. When I took the dead fish back to the store to exchange it they gave me a hard time. Saying I needed a water sample. I told them I've bought many fish from them in the past and never had to bring in a water sample to exchange a fish. (I own two fish tanks. One 55 gallon and one 40 gallon). I wasn't asking for my money back, I just wanted another fish. They refuse and the "manager" walked away from me saying "that's our policy." I got my money back for the fish, but they no longer have a customer. I also own a business in Homestead and would never treat my customers that way. Especially if I wanted to keep a good reputation. They have lost a customer who has spent hundreds of dollars at that location over a $4 fish.Here is the fish return policy they have listed online. No where does it say you need a water sample."Petco's commitment to our customers: All freshwater fish purchased at petco.com are guaranteed to stay alive for 30 days from the day they arrive at your home or we will gladly refund your money. All marine species, live rock and plants are guaranteed for 15 days from delivery."I will now have to drive 10 miles out of my way to another pet store, but they will NEVER see another dime from me. Hope that $4 fish that they probably paid 25 cents for was worth it!
