4	I have had the italian beef and gyros here - both were good - super nice family run place, light on ambience but fine for lunch or takeout.  Fries are handcut, salads are fresh, and the meat is tasty
4	We live in the neighborhood and decided to try this new place. We both got the gyro meal with fries. The meat was very tasty, the pita was fresh and the fries were cooked perfect! The owner was super friendly and welcoming. He makes many things himself there, the tzaziki sauce included. The restaurant was clean and the way they redesigned it from the previous business, looks a lot bigger and more neat. We would definitely come back to try more menu items.
5	Awesome food! The owner is a really nice guy. He customized the chicken kabob plate for me by swapping out the salad for hummus. The chicken is great! Expertly seasoned and cooked. The hummus is creamy and has a cool arrangement of cucumber and tomato on top. The pita is fluffy and tastes great.  I will definitely be coming back to gyrosology.Five stars on the food.Four stars on the pricing, reasonable for the amount of food.Overall, five stars because the food is great!The only thing I wish could be different is the takeout comes in styrofoam containers. There are two problems with styrofoam, the heat from the food melts the styrofoam and gives to food a chemical taste. Also, it isn't really recyclable so it ends up in a landfill for a few thousand years.
5	I love this place! I've already been here several times and have never been disappointed! The food is always super fresh and delicious! The gyro salad is awesome! Lots of fresh veggies, gyro and feta! Definitely enough to fill me up and then some!I know I shouldn't do it but if I have salad I figure what the heck, bring on the fries and baklava!! So worth the fat and calories! ;) Yum!!! Of course free drink refills always make me happy so I'm glad that is available. As many of the other yelpers said (and I would sincerely agree), the owners are so nice and happy to accommodate special requests! We will definitely be going back!!
5	Was looking for a good Mediterranean restaurant in Phoenix as I was on vacation from California and came across gyrosology.  I had the chicken shawarma and my wife tried the gyros sandwich.  Both dishes were delicious with the right portions and great prices.  We will definitely come back and eat here one more time before we go back to California
5	One of the better Mediterranean places in Phoenix. Fresh ingredients and good customer service. The cheeseburger with gyros is awesome. Diners drive Ins and Dives material!
4	Great food for a good price.  Falafel crispy - salads fresh with great dressing.  They are working hard to make a great take out spot.  Small dine in area is efficient.
5	Really like the Gyros and the Greek Gyros Salad.  The owner is a cool guy, too!
4	Just had take out from here for the first time.   The gyros were very good.  I took 1 star off since the fries that came with it were a big soggy.  Else, great food.  Glad it's moved in nearby
5	Gyros are one of our favorite food groups, but it seems hard to find tasty offerings in this desert. Fortunately, we can say we found a great place to enjoy a superb gyro.  This unassuming spot is tucked away in Moon Valley Shopping Center(strip mall)The owner was super pleasant and treated us to a super tasty gyro.  Jeannie and I shared a gyro and Greek salad. Thought we would err on the side of caution on our first trip.  Needless to say, we won't be sharing again! Wish I could eat like I was 18 again, because I would eat two of this gyros plates and try a Italian beef sandwich for dessert. Jeannie likes her Greek salad tangy and this one did no disappoint her. The fries that came with the gyros were piping hot and embarrassingly gobbled down. We love Chicago gyros, but see this place as an exceptional alternative. Won't be hard coming up with an excuse to visit again.
5	My son and I wanted something quick and healthy and we found this little place. When we walked up to the counter to order he greeted us with a big smile and responded to our obligatory "What's good?" with an equally obligatory, "Everything!" and then had the grace to laugh at himself. He then gave us a few serious recommendations.  The kabob salad was great--fresh, crisp greens, ripe tomatoes, lots of kalamata olives--with a tangy peppery dressing. Very good. My son enjoyed the gyro and pronounced the fries crispy and good. The owner was pleasant and attentive and the food was tasty. The atmosphere is fast food oriented but works for what they are doing. I'll definitely be back the next time I visit my kid and need a Greek fix. My son said he'll be a regular since it is 'cheap and good'.
5	Food was good. Service was good. I like extra tomatoes and they gave me a little plate on the sidr.
5	Tried it for the first time today & I will be back! A friend and i shared two different plates..I would recommend their chicken shawarma or italian beef..mmm.. The owners are very welcoming and pleasant as well.
5	Great food, served hot and fast! Service is outstanding! I had the gyro plate. Full layer of fresh rice was the bed for a pile of tastily spiced gyro meat. My lunch date had the chicken gyro which she highly enjoyed. We also shared the hummus app, it was the best hummus I have had in a long time! I am definitely going back and going back soon.
4	The food was great. The service was too. My only wish is more vegetarian food. They do hummus, and domas so well I only imagine if they came up with some more vegetarian friendly dishes. Heads up, theres meat broth in the soup which made me sad. I totally was game to eat it til I found out.  Prices are very reasonable and if you order take out (which I did) its ready on arrival. Definitely check it out. I'll be back...and I'll keep praying for more vegetarian dishes. :)
4	I have eaten food from here a couple of times but it has always been leftovers from my wife. Finally got a chance for fresh food the other day. Gyros were great and exactly what I expect from one. Do yourself a favor and get the fries they are fantastic. Service was fast and friendly. Can't ask for much more from a local business. Hope it makes it  there.
5	I was leaving the vet's office yesterday and spied this place out of the corner of my eye and did a U-turn. It has been so long since we had a Greek/Mediterranean place in the area, I HAD to stop even tho' I'm dieting. Spotless inside with a great vibe. The owner, (oh I'm sorry I'm not sure, but I think ) John is adorable and one of the most delightful people I've come across in a rest. In a long time. He hand makes the hummus and taziki. I was just going to get some hummus, but I broke down and ordered the hummus AND a Gyro to go. It was over an hour before I was able to eat the Gyro and I was sure it would be a soggy mess, but no! It was even still hot! I took a bite before I set the table, but it was so good I finished it in seconds right there at the kitchen counter. I would have liked more onions and tomato on it, but I'm sure asking for extras won't be a problem next time. Was going to wait until today to eat the hummus (remember..dieting) but I took a bite just to try it. Ate that all up to. Perfection! I can't wait to go back and try everything on the menu., especially the Philly cheese steak. From his description, it's made the RIGHT way! Well, I've missed 9 mo.of deliciousness, but I do plan on making up for it! Oh, did I mention the dirt cheap prices?
5	Group of us had Gyro plates and fresh fries that were fantastic! The restaurant was very clean and friendly staff, we will be back!
5	great family-owned restaurant! I really enjoyed their food, and the location is also great. Come here a couple times a month for lunch, and love it.
5	We enjoyed another great meal at Gyrosology. The shawarma and gyros are excellent. The owner listened to our dietary concerns and adjusted the recipe and it was perfect!
5	I almost always get a gyro here, but everything is good here! I eat here at least once a week and the service is always great.
4	We got lunch to go one Saturday afternoon, it is a small, family-run neighborhood restaurant.  We got the chicken kebab salad and the chicken kebab plate with hummus on the side. It was pretty decent-fast service and the chicken kebab meat was wonderful. We'd go back.
4	Super nice people and good food! Wish the hours were better but the gyros are fantastic
5	Great food and a friendly staff! It is family owned. Very personable staff. Food is made fresh. The gyros combo meal is a good deal.
4	I love this place, food is great, big portions, friendly service. I wish the eating area was a little nicer. Food is extremely fresh & meat is always moist.
4	The staff was quiet and really nice. We had special orders across the board, and everything was made to order perfectly. I have a pretty big appetite, and the gyro platter filled me up with leftovers to spare.  The Philly cheese steak was on the small side, but still delicious.
5	I've tried many mediterranean places in the valley and this is one of the best. Their food is consistently amazing. They have an extremely friendly staff and the value can not be beat. I don't leave reviews but when something is this good it must be shared!
5	Awesome tasting food and affordable prices. Have had several Gyros and Gyros combo meals and love them!!! The lentil soup is also delicious!
4	This place wasnt that bad. The balance/proportions of meat to bread to veggies to tzitziki sauce was off. There seemed to be a lot of sauce frontloaded on this, and not so much for the rest. (im sure you could ask for this to be easily fixed). A lot of meat and barely and veggies. So those who want literally all gyro meat this is a good stop. I wasn't upset with the proportion at all. It still was good fresh gyro meat. If it was dry and bland i wouldn't be happy.Overall this place is a 4. It just wasn't at blow me away proportions. It was a solid gyro. Definitely go if you are craving a good gyro.
5	Always delicious!
4	This spot is simple and not fancy in any way but the salads are fresh. The Mediterranean food is not spicy but flavorful. A great place to grab a quick lunch
3	Pretty good gyros. Not the best I've ever had but you won't be disappointed. Just a bit pricey. .. Probably because of lack of traffic they have to make up for it.
3	The tzatziki was good, salad dressing good. Real kalamata olives in the salad. The falafel was good until I came across a huge gob of spices that werent all the way mixed into the falafel. No biggy....the hubby said his gyro was ok.Nice friendly customer service!
4	Love to support local businesses and this is in my neighborhood and offers yummy food.  Food is fresh and tasty. I've had the gyros sandwich, chicken Schwarma and hummus.  Friendly service.
5	I really like this place.  The gyro meat is fresh.  They cut it right in front of you.  The gyro has a really good flavor.  I ordered extra tzatziki sauce and I didn't regret it.  The prices here are really cheap.  I would pay more for what they offer.
