4	Nice lighting, not too crowded, friendly staff (speaks english well)!  There are a few outlets and free WiFi with purchase.  They don't have filtered coffee, but the Americano is really really good.I'm a big fan, I'll try some of their food next.
4	After wading through the smattering of big name chains and over priced tourist joints along St. Denis, Le Petite Cuillere is a breath of fresh slightly hippy scented air.From the repurposed furniture to the unique paint scheme it's clear that the owners are after the hearts and minds of the Birkenstock wearing crowd.  Staying true to character, their coffee is Fair Trade, organic, and free range.  I believe that Cafe Rico supplies the beans.  There is a small terrace and free wi-fi to boot.The coffee is quite nice, definitely better than most of the places down the hill.  I haven't had any of their food, to be honest what little food they have doesn't look very appetizing, but I could be wrong. My biggest gripe about this place is that it's espresso or the highway.  I love a nice strong drip-brewed coffee, black, no sugar no milk, but the closest I can get is an Americano. French will get you a lot farther than English, but ordering coffee isn't rocket science so have no fear.
4	I will be going back soon. La Petite Cuillere made me a great cafe au lait, and their breadpudding was quite special! A very cozy place for reading or doing work, and their lunch/dinner menu looked good too!
4	Cozy little spot half sunk below the street on St Denis across from Carre St Louis where you can find a pillow covered couch and a spot of sun, blueberry lemonade or an assortment of other homemade flavours in big mason jars, delish grilled cheese and other sandwiches and generally a friendly, mellow set of franglais gals and guys behind the counter ready to help. Good music, no stress if you're feeling the need to get some work or reading done, a nice bright break from the surrounding up, bustle and out.
5	This place is really cosy and cute. Definitely want to go back soon.
4	If France and Quebec had a pact on how coffee shops should operate, every single one would be like this. A lovely little coffee shop on St Denis, this place is gushing with personality. It's quaint and personal, with a vibe as laid back and carefree as a freshly minted retiree. The coffee is perfect, and perfect for the price. So order your latte bowl, break out a book, and cozy up in the cushioned window seat... you're gonna be here for a while.
