5	I really enjoyed this place.  Made a reservation for 4 and mentioned my wife's birthday.  We were seated promptly and the service from start to finish was very attentive.  We started with the appetizer plate and split a couple of salads.  The appetizer plate consisted of sushi, a shrimp stick, a lobster potsticker, and something else that escapes me.  Very good and the platter for two was split by the four of us.  We had the farm salad whick contained walnuts, different veggies and an outstanding dressing.  Our friends had what was titled I believe "Wowie Shrimp" and they really enjoyed it.  For main courses, I had Mahi Mahi crusted with Macadamai nuts--delicious with a lobster glaze type sauce.  Rich but very good.  My wife and one of our friends had Scallops with basil---excellent dish and huge portion--scallops had a little crust on the outside and very tender on the inside.  Our other friend had Ono (sp.?) and really enjoyed it as well.  We ordered to of their lava cakes for dessert.  They brought out one decorated for my wife's birthday and didn't make the traditional scene that many restaurants do.  They comp'd both desserts which I thought was pretty classy.  All in all a very good experience and certainly worth another visit.
3	I came here naively thinking that I'd be able to find decent sushi here.There IS a sushi bar. But as far as anything distinctive? Well the whitefish drenched in ponzu was interesting ... I didn't have the heart to tell the chef that he probably should have sliced the whitefish razor thin. They are probably contractly obligated to adhere to the Roy's recipe so can't really fault him there. I have a long conversation with him, where he lamented about how most people in AZ do not have the discerning tongue that we california people do. That's probably true, considering the number of people out here who think Ra's sushi has something to offer other than the legions of hot waitresses.There is no uni because no one ever orders uni, and if the chef wants uni for himself, he just orders some and eats it before it melts away.I ordered the Roy's Trio, and it was excellent, especially the butterfish. I just wish that the portions was a little bit bigger.The chef made me tako nigiri on the house after I commented on the superb piece of tako I had at Hoshi the other day. At Hoshi, the chef cut up the tako so that it resembled shellfish, then draped it over the neta. Unlike many other places which just slice a piece of tako and use nori to affix it to the neta. I tried to explain this to him, but he ended up doing it the normal style.Still was nice of him to do that  :)
4	Really fine fusion restaurant.  We actually hadn't intended to go here, but ended up there after dropping friends off.  Our meal was excellent, as was our sushi.  The staff was incredible, and really made our experience there a night to remember.  Might have given it five stars, except I'm not wild about the cuisine.
3	Saturday night, no reservation, my choice was to wait 45 minutes for a table or take a table in the bar.  I opted for the bar.  I should have waited or went somewhere else.I had eaten at Roy's in Philadelphia, which was an awesome experience.  I expected that same in Scottsdale.  Didn't happen.I started out with my favorite drink, an Original Hawaiian Martini.  They are not cheap with the alcohol in the drink, it's very potent.  For dinner, I opted for choices on the Prix Fix menu.  My starter was a Hawaiian Crunch Winter roll.  It was great, made with shrimp tempura and avocado.  For my entree, I selected the Panang-style tiger shrimp with vegetable coconut curry and jasmine rice.  Very good combination of flavors, but could have been served a little warmer.  Dessert was the always awesome "Roy's Melting Hot Chocolate Souffle".  This dessert is always to die for.  It's the best  dessert I have ever had anywhere!!Other than the slightly cold entree, the thing that amazed me about this restaurant was the fact that the staff didn't intercede when a nearby customer managed to annoy me all evening long.  This guy was in the restaurant bar, supposedly waiting for his brother.  Well, I was there for over an hour and the brother never showed up.  Go figure.  But, in the meantime, this guy managed to annoy me, tell me strange stories, sit at my table (until I asked him to leave), go back to this table, remove papers from his bag, bring them back to my table and spread them out, (until I asked him to leave again), used my cell phone to call his brother, mother, sister, god knows who else.  But at least while he was on my cell phone, he wasn't bothering me.  He even begged me for a ride and helped himself to some of my food.  You get the picture.  I can not believe that the staff allowed this to happen.  It's outrageous.  Other customers noticed, I guess I should have demanded to speak to a manager to have situation resolved, but I didn't want to make a scene.  I couldn't believe it was happening or that is was allowed to happen!!!  I even had to sneak out a side door when this nut wasn't looking, so he wouldn't follow me.  Completely nuts.  I think a restaurant of this caliber has an obligation to protect it's customers.
2	I really expected better! And I've HAD way better from Roy's in the past. The Ahi poki starter was fine, although spicy enough to drown out the side portion of Tobiko caviar, which was a shame. The Sunrise at Haleakala role - a delectable sounding roll of salmon, aji, hamachi, and asparagus, was a disappointment due poor "tempura" frying of the whole roll. The batter was more like a fish fillet batter than a tempura, and too greasy. The overwhelming taste was fried batter, not fish. The scallops encrusted in foie gras were ok, but not the standouts for which I had hoped. The accompanying blackberry plum reduction was too fruity and sweet to complement the scallops. The dish included 5 giant scallops - I would have preferred fewer and better. Service started out almost oppressively attentive and dwindled to virtually nothing (except water refills) by dessert. We waited about 20 minutes for someone to show up so we could ask for the check. The server was stumped by my question about if they have a chardonnay that is not oaky. He pointed out that one that was "buttery but not oaky"... hmmm, he needs a wine 101 lesson. And of course described the "artesian" vanilla ice cream. Again hmmm...can't say I've ever seen vanilla ice cream spurting from the ground under pressure. A forgivable error, but another indicator that the it's no 'pro" service. This food and service at a Bahama Breeze would get 3 stars, but at Roy's?? I really expected better.
5	All I have to say is order the Hawaiian Style Misoyaki Butterfish.  It's mindblowingly delicious.  It literally melts in your mouth.  Also, the service is polite, knowledgeable and friendly.  I really like this place for something different.  It's fusion done right.
4	I love Roy's - almost everything is delicious and the service is top notch.  They no longer serve bread and butter?  What's up with that?
3	r.i.p.
