3	This store is good for the most part. I go here weekly to catch their weekly specials on shoes. Whats sweet is I found a slingshot at this store! (yeah Im a troublemaker for the most part ha ha).They pretty much carry everything sports wise, the one thing they dont carry much on is martial arts stuff.
3	This Big 5 has been around forever. I'm 29 and it has been here as long as I can remember. Being that they are pretty much the only sports-type store on the East side I imagine that is what has kept them in business.There are no Dick's, Sport Chalets, or any other big-box sports retailers in the area. The store itself is small, cramped, and crammed with merchandise. I walk INTO clothes and sports equipment and racks of weights here -- because there is nowhere else to go, but into them and THEN around them.It is really CRAMMED with merchandise, every spare corner is filled, the floor where all the clothes are situated leaves no room to maneuver.The GOOD thing is they have sporting good, clothes, and shoes at SUPER discounted prices. Also, going here saves me from having to make an hour+ long trip to Henderson or the South side of town for sporting goods.They do not have everything and they may not be the "nicest" place. But it will do.
1	Poor customer service...manager on duty was more interested in his cashier rather than servicing me as I waited for him to be done talking to her at the customer service counter about personal things
2	A good place to stop by quickly. Coming here you need to know what to buy so you can be in and out of here. Location is terrible. I've come here numerous times and walk in and find the staff on their phone doing nothing. Last visit a young lady was on her phone at the register texting away and briefly acknowledged me without taking her eyes off her phone. Uhh..... Nice customer service skills. There is a one guy that works here (can't remember his name) that always helps me and is very efficient. I was pretty indecisive about items located at the very top self which needed a ladder to get and he was nice enough to stay on that ladder as long as I needed him too. I hardly ever go to Big 5. This one is the closest to my home so I've come here the most but I have had better service at the other locations.
1	Used to be good but they never have anything I'm looking for any more. Very very limited selection. The last few trips here have been a waste of time.
