2	Can this place get an order correct the 1st time? I think not!
4	You could have thought I was a child with a brand new toy last night when Darren, Mom and I stopped here for a quick bite. This is one of those revamped locations. Large flat screen TV, electric fireplace, and lounging chairs! But my greatest excitement came from the soda fountain. It is a touch screen operated dispenser. Push the button for what you want (I got diet coke), and you are given the choice of your soda alone or with one of six flavor additives. Lime, grape, orange, cherry, lemon, and raspberry! I wanted to play with each flavor, but didn't. The food quality itself honestly isn't bad for fast food. Wendy's really has improved! The burger wasn't as greasy as usual and the fries are crunchy and full of flavor! I love the sea salt! They also has a small bakery selection. Darren and I shared an Oreo brownie. Yuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuumy!
2	Pretty interior, spiffy soda fountain,  Worst. Service. Ever.  I've had multiple problems with the crew in this store since they re-opened, but yesterday evening took the cake.  I went in to pick up some last minute food for the family and was immediately suspicious when I saw half a dozen people milling about unhappily at the food pickup location, an no one giving them food.  When I questioned the cashier about the delay, another customer actually came back and demanded a refund because she couldn't wait any longer.  When I noticed that half of the crew seemed to be sitting in the dining room watching TV.    I've been to this store frequently and there is definitely a pattern or very very poor and incompetent service. Almost every order I've placed had something forgotten or incorrect. There are always crewmembers milling around doing nothing, playing with the TV or in case, rapping behind the counter. I've just had it with this store, I plan on avoiding it until the get some people actually interested in serving their customers, and I would strongly advise others to do the same.  At this point I wouldn't even trust the food that comes out of their kitchen.UPDATE:   I was able to reach a regional manager via email, and he replied briefly that it was a situation that was being addressed.  In the last month, I have been there 2 or 3 times with simple take-out orders and everything seemed to go fine. Got what I ordered in a reasonable amount of time and everyone on the crew were if not working, not blatantly goofing off. So added a Star to the rating, even though I'm still kind of leary.
