4	Great golf course.  tough but not impossible to get on.  It is private, but if you can become friends with member (or if you're thinking about joining yourself) you can usually get out as a guest.  The membership director Jared Wright is a really nice guy.
5	What an AMAZING golf course! Nicely kept.  I was here for a festival and was able to see the grounds.  The houses look fantastic!  I don't play golf or am planning to live out here but if they have another event I'M there!!
5	Great food - and yes, its open to the public.  CLOSED MONDAY NIGHTS.  Just pull up to the gate, ask to go in to eat, and BOOM, you're in.  TRY THE BUTTER CAKE.
3	It's a long ways out if you're coming from the north or west side but it is beautiful and a great place for an outdoor concert with lush grass to dance dance dance. A little warning.... they don't really like you to be swimming in your underwear.... ;-)
1	I have never been treated so poorly in my life. We sat at the table for 20Minutes before acknowledged. Finally got to order happy hour drinks. Had to almost BEG to get service. My food was horrible. My steak was well when I asked for medium. Other people in the party got meatloaf and that was excellent. A delicious warm butter cake was provided by the chef to compensate for my food. I asked for water and finally got a glass, but no one else at the table did.  I had to ask three times for wine and water and everything was very slow. The last time I asked for water, the waitress went to the back bar and was flipping out because the table asked for something after they closed. We were with people who have visited this club almost weekly for months. I will never come back!!!! Certainly not worth the drive, even with the view! Lisa was the most rude server one could have.
4	Played the golf course for the first time in a recent Pro Am. A terrific layout. Very accommodating off the tee for players of all ability & length. Green complexes -- where the track gets really good...a variety of looks, preferred & unpreferred locations for most pin sets, requires some creativity to get up & down if you miss the greens. If I was looking to retire in the east valley, I'd love to play this golf course everyday.
