5	The big 5!  And SO deserved.   I don't know why I did not write a review before, I have been a customer of theirs for years.   From initial install (no pressure, honest answers AND leaving the final decision to me as well as giving me ALL the options I wanted or could think of) to yearly service, working with my schedule, reminders if you want them, discounts if you are a regular customer AND also telling you when the utility company is giving deals so you can take advantage of them.    Everyone is just wonderful.  Don't get me wrong, they are super professional and great installers and technicians, and office staff, yet you feel like family. Difficult to explain but I NEVER worry about my A/C or heat anymore.  They even change the filters for me.  No biggie for you tall peeps, but I'm a shorty.  I LOVE AHR and I am SO glad I found an honest, reliable and highly proficient company. :).  BRAVO. BRAVO!
3	I have used AHR Mechanical for 5 years and while the maintenance service has been good when a leak happened in one of my A/C units I had to wait 5 days for it to be repaired.  The cost for the 1 hour repair was $1165.00.  Definitely overpriced for the work involved.
5	AHR Mechanical is an honest, reputable, reliable HVAC company!!! This company continues to impress me with their professional, experienced and honest technicians.  I would highly recommend this company!!!
5	I signed up for the SRP $65.95 summer air conditioning inspection special and Randy from AHR  Mechanical came out to do it.  He was  super! He let me accompany him to the roof and patiently answered my many questions as he went thru each step of the comprehensive inspection process. He told me what needed to be replaced and when (eg. the capacitor is weak but should last  a year.") and didn't pressure me at all to buy a new one from him. I definitely recommend AHR for anyone who needs a thorough,professional and honest evaluation of their air conditioner.  Spencer S
5	I could not have asked for more than AHR Mechanical provided:  Promptness, honesty and value.  Our AC went out on a Sunday.  I called Mike and a technician (Darold)  was at my house in one hour.  Darold was friendly and only sold me what I needed to get the AC running again.  He even commented that he was surprised to see a 12-year-old AC unit running as smoothly as it was!  Clearly, he was not going to try to upsell me like many other companies have.  Darold worked quietly and had the AC working in under 30 minutes.  While the cost of AC repair is ubiquitously exorbitant, AHR offered many discounts.  They also offered a one year warranty on the part they replaced.  I would confidently call them for any other AC repairs we may need and I'd recommend you do the same.
2	We used to be big fans of AHR, but our recent experience with them says that something changed. We were helping out a family member and arranged to get their A/C unit looked at, as it had been cooling inconsistently since she moved into her new place. We called, and got the appointment pretty easily. The tech was on-time. They came out, we paid the service fee. I was there for a while with the tech while they tried to trouble shoot. After several phone calls to someone else (?), we were presented with what they thought the issue was and a quote for the repair. Moving on to the repair: The tech trouble shooting and running up a 700 bill, we were then told that the unit needed to be replaced. We were given a hand written quote for two units. There was no statement of work (IE what that price included), just simply a unit and a price. We were told that they had a special financing deal, but that we had to decide quickly. With a 10K quote, we wanted to compare. The next three companies that came in where all significantly UNDER their quote. Our lowest quote was 4K UNDER their quote (same mft, same size). The tech told us that IF we did the replacement unit with them, that the cost of the repair would go toward the new unit. The numbers just did not match up for us, so we went with another contractor. What I find funny about all of this is that we NEVER heard from AHR. Nothing. No inquiry. No any questions. No nothing. The higher cost and the no interest on their side apparently on winning the business basically lost us as customers.
5	I have been a customer of AHR for decades. they have always been responsive, quick for service, and very professional. the techs explain in detail what they are doing, and on more than one occasion, I have called on them to help family and neighbors when the AC went down and other AC providers were too busy. on all of those occasions, they were able to come out within hours, not days. 2 thumbs up!
3	I heard from Michael with AHR, and he was very apologetic about the service experience that we had with them. He even refunded the cost of the un-needed fix since the unit was determined to be bad. His efforts did a lot to repair our faith.
4	AHR is great and knows their business well though might be overpriced (see below).  Our compressor failed due to a another company's work on our unit 3 weeks prior.  Of 3 A/C companies including AHR, only AHR realized the compressor was under warranty so we went with AHR.  Unfortunately, after the compressor was installed, the technician noticed something was wrong (something another A/C company did not properly diagnose 3 weeks earlier).AHR has excellent technicians (Darold and Matt came to our rescue).  I thought the price we paid for the hours they were there was pretty high (the ONLY reason I did not give 5 star) but I did not have time to compare with an A/C unit out in August.
5	I was very happy with AHR. They were very accommodating when I needed to make a date change for service. Matt the technician was very professional and did a thorough review of my system. He took the time to go over what he had done and then covered their Cactus Club program. Matt put on house booties and was customer service oriented. I will use them for my next service appointment. As a side note I met Mike (owners son) this past summer when my daughter-in-law had two AC units replaced. I stayed with the house as she was away and watched the work Mike and crew did. I was so impressed I asked for his business card and then learned his dad had started the business many years earlier. I decided then I was going to use AHR on my own home.Kerry
