3	So, my husband posted a 27-inch old tube-style TV on Craigslist for $60, and the peeps from this store e-mailed him and offered him $55 cash if he could bring it in. So he did, and they did. Easy money! (He just had to give an ID and a fingerprint so that heaven forbid the TV comes up stolen -- which it won't -- they know exactly who brought it in.) This location is brand new, so they're paying good money for "any newer electronics" as the guy told us. I've never bought anything here before, but they had a ton of power tools, saws, etc., TVs, bikes, jewelry and computer and stereo parts. The store is really clean and everything is organized on shelves. Bottom line: if you have sh** to get rid of, they're buying. And if you need sh**, it seems like a pretty clean place to get it, but their prices seemed a little high for other people's used tools, TVs, cameras, etc. Since they didn't have anything there that I am currently in the market for, I didn't have a good basis for comparisons, but still, they seemed pricey. (Ex: a 40-gig video iPod without a charger for $150 and some type of older Dell laptop for $400 -- I don't know the specs, but you can get a basic new one with a warranty for that price. I also saw a nice looking bike, but it was $200 ... you get the point.)
5	This is one of my favorite super pawns.. and i have been to many..First of all they always have had a nice staff.. Their selection is nice and reasonably priced..
1	I went into SuperPawn this morning hoping to get a small loan and there was a woman behind the counter helping another patron. I must've been a ghost because I wasn't even acknowledged.  A simple good morning ma'am I will be right with you would've been just fine. So I waited for about 5 to 7 minutes until she finished with the customer. Another woman comes from the storage area and doesn't speak to me either but it appeared that she may have smiled, it was so slight I can't really be sure. So when it was my turn to approach her, I felt like I was being intrusive. Instead of a hello I got "so what is that a tv?" WTF really? So I opened my box to show my merchandise and unbeknownst to me the cable outlet was broken so she couldn't check the connection. She says oh I can't take that and brushes me off and walks away. So that's fine I understood, so as I'm putting my things back in the box she is rushing me and I say don't close my box I'm still putting my stuff together. Poor customer service I will never go back.
