5	My son and I first met George two years ago after trying many salons in Madison area and have been going there since.  If you are looking for a classic barber that goes out of his way to make sure you are perfectly happy with your haircut and charges a fair price, then George is your guy.  He has been in the business for over 30 years and has customers that continue to use him since that day he started which says a lot.  Highly recommended!
5	I was looking for a barber shop to get a standard old-school tapered cut. I vaguely knew of this place because I'd walked past it on my way into the Concourse, where my wife and I stayed during our wedding. I just assumed it was expensive and fancy because it was in the Concourse. What I found was a great, classy, old-school barber shop. George was a very skilled men's barber. He also has someone who cuts women's hair. He was very attentive to anything I wanted with my hair and continually touched up the fade even after it was "done" and he had moved on to other parts of the cut. He used hot foam and a straight razor around the bottom (I wanted it REAL short there) and it was just fantastic. The price was pretty great too. I will definitely be going back here.
5	George is the best!  Been going to him for years.  He treats his clients with the utmost respect, witty conversations, a friendly manner and excellent haircut!  The shop is in a great place close to the capital and restaurants.  Will never go anywhere else!
5	I've been going to George even before he opened the Concourse shop.  He is an excellent barber and my hair cut is great every time.  Both of my sons got their first hair cut from George and have been coming back ever since.My oldest son now lives out of town and when ever he comes to visit he sees George for a hair cut.  Last week he brought his own son in to meet George.George does a great job.
5	George has an excellent attention to detail.  Perfection in many ways.  Very fair pricing and an extra clean establisment.  If you do not catch him downtown, try him on Main St in McFarland.  A true professional and it is great to have such a fine barber in the area.  The Concourse should list his services on the web site they have.
