5	She is fantastic! I came her to because my boss recomended her...it's always scary taking your wedding dress to someone...especially when you are on a very tight budget. For our wedding there were two brides so we had two dresses, double scary. She had great customer service. She was also fast...one week we did the initial fitting, the next week final touches and later that week, done, eventhough my dress had a lot of beadwork. She was also honest, if something didn't look like it fit, she would let us know and if something was not needed, she didn't suggest things to get more money out of us.
5	I took my wedding dress to Darlene for alterations and she did a terrific job. She was very up front about what the dress needed and what she could do (she added boning, cups, took in the waist, and took up a very complicated hem). She was also very communicative about the entire process, which helped to calm my nerves about the work. Her prices are reasonable and she worked quickly and within my timeline. The results were beautiful. I can't recommend her enough and I'll definitely be taking things there in the future.
5	Friendly, organized and professional.  As the other reviewer said, she tells you what the dress needs and the costs up front. She is fast and works with your schedule. She really seems to care that you are happy with her work.  Definitely recommend!
5	OUTSTANDING IN EVERY WAY. Darlene is the owner and #1 World Champion Queen of the Alteration Universe. I really cannot say enough good things about her. Her friendliness, dedication, and skill are unmatched. I started taking my dress pants here to be taken up almost 8 years ago when I was still in school at Ye Olde UW. At the time, it seemed a pretty far way to go for an alteration place (ALL the way on the east side LOL). But after the first experience, I would never go anywhere else. I took my wedding dress here for alterations too. As expected, a fantastic job. Now that I live 3 states away, I still bring stuff with me when I visit and have her ship it back to me! Yes, this place is THAT good. Friendly, prompt service, and very reasonable prices. Darlene and her staff (one other person who I've never met but must be equally as amazing), are just the BOMB plain and simple. Never had a problem with anything done here. Back in the day Alterred States was just a teensy little store in a strip mall on Northport. Now, she's taken over the big middle part! Just goes to show I'm not the only (extremely fanatic) satisfied customer! Best spot ever. Take your stuff here. You won't be disappointed.
5	Darlene is awesome. I had to have my bridesmaid dress taken in in the bust and had to have it done in under a week. Darlene did an awesome job on the alteration and had it done in six days. I paid $45, which seems totally reasonable to me. I'll definitely go back to Darlene for my other alterations and repairs.
2	Did great work the first time. The second time I brought a pair of new jeans in for hemming that had been worn for a few hours to make sure they fit well. The woman working the counter claimed that the small amount of dust on the original hem from this wear constituted soiling, a part that would be cut off prior to hemming. Being that these are raw denim, washing them to remove some extremely insignificant dust would ruin the point of having purchased raw denim. Ridiculous, I'll take my tailoring needs elsewhere from now on.
5	Excellent service and work.  I needed a rush job that was more work than it seemed, the dress I needed hemmed was voluminous and she did a beautiful job and I am wearing it out dancing tonight,  feeling like Ginger Rogers.   Thanks to Darlene.If you ever need anything altered this woman is very talented, and professional.Truly as good as it gets.
5	Great place for all alterations!  I relocated to Madison from Chicago and needed a place to help me with a bridesmaid's dress fitting.  The dress had a lot of lace, making the alterations slightly more complicated than meets the eye.  Darlene did a GREAT job.  The dress fits like a glove.  Woo hoo!  I will definitely be back with any future alteration needs.
5	Darlene can work wonders on clothes that don't fit right. I've been coming to her for 2 years, ever since I moved to Madison, and have never been disappointed. Highly recommend!
5	Truly stellar alteration service. I brought my bridal gown in for alterations: the prices are very reasonable, service is fast and professional--and Darlene is a delight. I will be coming here for all my future alteration needs!
