4	I was really impressed with the quality of food at Sage Garden! They catered a meeting for us and  I thought their food really stood out:They came in (on time) and set it all up for us in a timely/professional manner (as it was a working lunch)Sandwiches- Excellent, I had turkey & swiss although they had chicken salad, ham, and I believe roast beef to choose from. They were all served on soft croissant rolls.  A veg option would have been great and some individual mustard/mayo's rather than a large one for all to share ( the germaphobe in me would have appreciated it.)They provided potato salad which was DELICIOUS! Red potatoes, green onion, mayo -based, non-sweet, with almost a hint of bacon. It was really good. They also gave us some incredible chocolate brownies, which were just so good I wish I grabbed one more before I left. Overall the food was really delicious- they were a step above many of the other franchised options. Fresh and tasty, just the way I like my lunch to be : ) I'd highly recommend them.
4	Sage Garden is now not only catering but have a take out BBQ business as well. Been twice now and the BBQ is fantastic. I personally love the BBQ Tacos. Soft flour tortillas loaded with pulled pork topped with black beans and rice and pico de galo. Add a little BBQ sauce and you will be in BBQ heaven! Check out their Facebook page Sage Garden BBQ. http://www.facebook.com/SageGardenBBQ?fref=ts
4	If Groupon was a person, we would probably go out... It takes me to all sorts of new places, introduces me to its friends and overall shows me a hell of a time... I purchased a $16 voucher to Sage Catering a couple months ago and just got a reminder email (thanks, Groupon!) that it was about to expire... Needless to say, I hustled my little self on over there yesterday... $16 doesn't seem like a lot at a restaurant, but it's plenty here... I ordered a barbecue sandwich plate with green bean casserole and tomato cucumber salad... The other order was a straight barbecue plate with macaroni and cheese and their baked beans... Both orders came with a pickle spear and mini corn muffin... I still had to order more, so I got an additional order of the black beans and rice... Oh! And you get a free brownie with check-in... My barbecue sandwich was absolutely delightful!  The bread was nice and fluffy... The barbecue, supertastytastic... I thought the green bean casserole was okay, but I like a lot of the crunchy onion stuff on mine and this was just a regular amount... That's not on them, though... lol  The tomato cucumber salad had incredibly fresh veggies and a nice pepper balance... The macaroni and cheese was very creamy and they use a rotini noodle... I was a little apprehensive upon hearing that, but it was tremendous... The baked beans were excellent... The mini corn muffins were a little less than warm since I'd taken the meals to go (nowhere to eat inside) and had a ways to travel, but I popped it in the microwave for a few seconds and it was superb...  That brownie was frickin terrific... I had to keep myself from eating the whole thing...  My favorite part, though?  The sauces... Oh my geez... The Chipotle barbecue was the most delectable thing I've had in a while... Super hot, but it still showed a great savory taste... And the Asian barbecue?  Perfectly blended flavors... The person ringing me up told me to mix them together... Shut the front door, it was incomparable to any other sauce I've ever had... Beyond outstanding... Great lunch... If I need catering (or just another lunch), these guys will definitely be in the running!Next time?  Barbecue tacos!
5	This place is literally right around the corner from me and I had no idea.... thank you Groupon! We got the BBQ plate and BBQ tacos and both were very very good! The service was friendly. There isn't any sitting room here, so it's a pick up and go picnic type of place. They have several sauces ranging from standard BBQ to Asian and Hawaiian flavors. We took a sampler of them all and every one of them is very yummy indeed. I will definitely be coming back.
