4	I wanted a nice hotel for my weekend away in Edinburgh, but for a moderate price. The Place met my expectations for the price category. The hotel is set in an old Georgian townhouse. It took me a while to find as York Place is currently under construction. That being said, once I found it, it was charming. I was greeted so nicely at reception as well as having my bag carried up the the stairs. There is no elevator, but you look past that. The hotel is full of old architecture details that make it charming.  I did not try the bar or restaurant. I had a standard room for the weekend. It was small, but I was really only there to sleep and shower. The bathroom is tiny- somewhat hard to turn around in. And, I was given a room on the street. Both Friday and Saturday, I was woken up around 2-3am with screaming people outside. Next time, I would request a room on the other side of the building. That was my only flaw with the hotel. Everything else was perfect- plenty of cabs scheduled in advance for me as well. They never gave me any problems.
3	The Place is a nice place. Joe and I visited here last Saturday afternoon for a quick drink. I had a glass of prosecco and he had a JD and diet coke, both were nice and fairly reasonably priced.Reasons why I like it include: table service, lots of nice and comfy seats, fairly decent cocktail menu (if a little pricey).However, it is lacking a bit of atmosphere and the food menu doesn't contain anything special that makes me want to go back and eat there.It is a pleasant location for a drink.
3	Moderate place to stay in a great location - so close to the conveniences of the mall, movie theatre, etc. and just 10-15 minutes from the main shopping and tourist bits. Also just a couple blocks from the cute and trendy but relatively calm and tourist-free cafes on Broughton Street. Within the hotel there's a nice lounge with a fireplace to spend time in with a beer, cocktail, or coffee. And a full restaurant if you're feeling lazy. As for the room itself, the walls are quite thin so you can hear people coming and going quite easily, and the wifi, though free is slow as a snail, maybe slower. Not a place to spend much time, but a fine place to return to after a day of exploring.
4	Great place in the heart of the city- very convenient. Don't forget to reserve a parking spot otherwise you will be lugging your suitcase up mall parking steps across the street. (Our fault). Updated clean rooms, awesome skylight above that opened and ventilated room. Moderate price which helped. Did not eat here as we chose surrounding restaurants. Was perfect for our stay but of course a little less expensive would make it perfect 5 stars.
