5	I'm a sucker for Chicago food from back home but out here in the valley, and Higley Hot Dog has been there for a while providing authentic Vienna Beef Hot Dogs since I went to ASU east campus.Very home town feel, the older couple that owns/runs it are always very nice and happy and having a good time.  And the lunch line there gets long and out the door cause it's so good :)Notes:  Not open on Sundays... and CASH only!The MAP on yelp is/was wrong... here's the correct business profile link on Google Maps - http://is.gd/fn6UThey have some good press already as well:http://www.eastvalleytribune.com/story/123004http://www.insiderpages.com/b/3657327340
4	You can't beat a good Vienna Beef hot dog... and Higley Hot Dog makes a good Vienna Beef dog. :) This is a small shop, located right on Williams Field Rd, just west of Higley Rd on the south side of the street- you can't miss it, it's shaped like a hot dog. They also have other menu items: Gyros, corn dogs, Brats, etc. (just to name a few). I'm a sucker for "mom and pop" type businesses that do business well and this place is one of them. Don't forget your cash... no plastic accepted.
1	DISGUSTING, DISGUSTING, DISGUSTING.  I can't believe I spent my hard earned money at this place.  These days, it's a treat for me to go out to lunch, and I wish I could turn back time after having visited Higley Hot Dog Hut.  Where to begin....The corn dog was MICROWAVED.  I open the wrapper, and what greets me is this soggy, mushy, greasy uncooked mess.  So I take it back to the counter and ask if they could pop it in the fryer for another minute or so and she tells me that it was microwaved.  Um, huh?  What kind of a place that specializes in hot dogs microwaves their food???  They obviously deep fried the french fries, why not the corn dog?  The fries, that leads me to another problem.  They were so overcooked, they were like miniature rail road ties.  I could have used them as tools.Next, the chili dog.  It was a hot dog, covered in BEANS with runny, watery cheese sauce.  It had zero flavor and was a complete mess.   Beans?  No meat, just beans.  On my hot dog.  And my fries.  WTH?  To top it all off, they are overpriced.  I honestly can't understand why anyone would continue to go to this place, and how it got good ratings at all.  Trust me folks, don't waste your money here.  I would have gotten better food at the Circle K across the street.  Hey yelp!  How about a 'negative stars' option?!  Higley Hot Dog Hut needs it!!!
5	I have been going here since I could ride a bike.  I grew up a couple miles away and love everything about Higley Hot Dog, if it ever went away gilbert, or really Higley, would never be the same.  One of the first questions I ask someone when they come visit me here in AZ is: Have you been to Higley Hot Dog?  I'm shocked when I talk to a native or local and find out they have never been and I don't rest until they let me take them to lunch there.  Yeah kind of weird but seriously this place has a special place in my heart.  Anyway as you can tell I love this place and will eat here until the day I die.   Anyway like Amy S. mentioned they serve Vienna Beef Hot dogs that are oh so good.  My mouth waters as I think of my most recent encounter.  Also not only are their hot dogs my fav. but don't forget to order a shake, strawberry is my favorite. its a nice chill factor when it comes to 105 degree weather working in the sun.
4	I've been to Higley Hot Dog Hut a few times now for a quick lunch pickup on the way to meet my boyfriend at his work and bring him food. We like to order a polish hotdog (mine with nothing but ketchup on it, his loaded with condiments) and then a chocolate and vanilla shake. Sometimes we will sit inside and eat, and other times we take it on the go.Either way, we have both been served promptly and courteously by the owners and the prices are a little high, but the shakes are super cheap for a large, and being a mom-and-pop business, higher prices are expected. Overall, I like this place and i do recommend it to family and friends.
5	Go here if you love Chicago style hot dogs! Best Chicago dogs that I've had in the East Valley (and I've tried "Chicago style dogs" from two other local establishments)..... Lived in Chicago for 4 years...loved (and still very much miss) Portillo's, Superdawg, and Gene and Jude's. This dog is as close as it gets to Portillo's famous Chicago dog. Even though they call it a hot dog with "the works", it's a Chicago dog. The only thing it doesn't need is the cucumber, but I personally like cucumbers, so I'm not complaining. Vienna Beef turned me on to hot dogs, can't go wrong. I wasn't even a hot dog lover until I moved to Chicago and had my first taste of a Vienna Beef hot dog. It is just that good. French fries are greasy, but so what? Blot the excess oil off and move on. Decor? Not so fancy, but the food rocks and the place is clean (and it's a hot dog stand !) And to my fellow yelper who was turned off my the corn dog, get over it please. You don't go to this place for a corn dog. Go to Hot Dog on a Stick. I'll go to this family owned joint for fast service and GREAT Chicago dogs any day of the week.
3	Can't say anything about the other foods offered here but I have had the polish dog twice with the works and it is pretty tasty.  Keep in mind that this is a hot dog stand not a five star dining restaurant.  You want a good tasting hotdog on a fresh bun Chicago style?  Go to Higley Hot Dog!  Beats the Costco dogs down the street!
4	Nobody would go with me, every day I drive by this shack shaped like a friggen HOT DOG! And the dusty parking lot is full during lunch. And so, I went on my own.The Good... Hot dogs!! However you want it.. I know nothing about Chi-Town dogs, but I loved the pile of goodness that was on these,Friendly owners that were willing to direct me through the maze, and were even happier to discover that I enjoy exploration with food.I'm not a fan of the fries... the times I've had them they were sort of limp.And the tamales were plastic wrapped and quite bland and mushy... perhaps thats a Chicago thing I dunno, but I like good Tex-Mex Tamales, and these weren't even close to good. Much less as good.And as much less as I hate to say it, the Gyro's are a bland abomination of dull.Dont even try them, presliced, premeasured, microwaved, limp mediocrity.With such a great beef sandwich and such to be had, they should just take tamales and gyros off the menu... no reason to ruin such a great menu with these things, just remove em.It's a specialty dog, steamed, and served with kindness and family love.Under a giant hot dog sign.And while in many ways I prefer Ted's grilled dogs, Higley has a definite place in my heart, and close to home.So in closing, nothings perfect, but this place is simply awesome. Give it a try, and please support a local place! And support local people, you'll be a better person for it.And remember, if it's local, it's healthier for you! Really!
5	You know why this place has been around 40 years +!!!!! Great food, simple and they only take cash.
5	Here's what you do:1. Swing by an ATM for some cash. Otherwise, you're S.O.L.2. Go to the Higley Hot Dog Hut.3. Don't look around too much. It's a hut after all...4. Get the Works Dog. Maybe get two.5. Enjoy.6. Return to Yelp and thank me for steps 1-5.
3	Great food, cheap prices but it stinks that they are "cash only" especially when I wanted to get more food than what I had cash on me for. They need to seriously think about getting some sort of credit/debt card machine or even an atm machine inside the sit in area.
4	Cheap, fast, delicious food, but be sure to bring plenty of cash, because they don't take cards.I had a polish chicago style, a small fry, and the beautiful abomination that is only known as a "pizza puff", a deep fried pizza pocket style item that was tasty but really greasy and certainly very unhealthy. I probably wont be eating it again. Anyway, overall this place was really solid, and the oldschool fries and chicago-style dog were excellent, and the staff was friendly.While I ate at the picnic tables outside, I most certainly saw the majority of customers get their food to-go.Going to add this place to my regular lunch rotation for sure.
4	Hot dogs? Yes, please. I recommend the works, delicious. I also got the cheese fries, meh. I only wish the cheese was a real nacho cheese with a little flavor rather than a regular cheddar. This is a great lunch spot but definitely get it to go since all the seating is outside. Also, make sure you get there early because they close at 5:30 and are not open on Sundays.
5	What more could you ask for from a hole in the wall shack that sells AWESOME hot dogs, tacos, fries and OMG amazing shakes!!!!Just make sure you have cash!
4	Great dogs, polishes, and brats. The brats really hit the mark of a mid-west style brat with saurkraut and mustard. The Chicago style dog is among the best I have had anywhere. Chili cheese dog? Pretty dang good and probably my favorite thing to get when I go here. Gotta get a root beer float too. Glad this place is only a couple miles from home!Cash only as stated before, but the prices are really reasonable. Don't bother with the corndog - tastes like the ones you get at Costco.
5	If you are from Chi-Town and you like your Chicago dogs, then this place is a must!! The beef is just like home, the dogs are bomb and they even have pizza puffs. If your not from Chicago, pizza puffs are no big deal and the tamales are for the palate of a Chicagoan with no sense of Mexican food so dont order that unless you grew up on crappy rolled tamales. Order the dog with everything, but NO ketchup! That is a no no! Yes to sport peppers, very unique to Chicago dogs, get them. Get in your car and go now.
4	I have been taking my kids out here for over a decade.  The people are nice, the food is good, and the price is right.  The tacos are good old school american style. They are not heavily seasoned but are tasty.  the dogs are always good, as is the tater salad and fries.  The place has good iced tea too.
4	Legit Chicago style dogs. Come strictly for the polish or brat though. Everyting else is from the grocery store...this is no secret, it is what it is. You don't go to the hot dog stands in Chicage for the chicken fingers and service, do you?
5	Great ! Chicago (Taylor Street) beef .....as close as it gets to home...they even have gravy bread!!!  Yum
5	Best dogs in az period.  Lived around this place for 4 years and it is always packed and always has the best dogs.  Take the drive and come down
5	This is a good hot dog hut! Fresh! Friendly service.  Would eat there again!
5	Doesn't get any better than this!If you're in the mood for a tasty Vienna Beef dog, then this is the place to go in Gilbert! Don't fool around with gas station garbage! If you're not in the mood for a dog, you can grab some pizza, an Italian beef sandwhich and more!
5	If you like it "your way", than this is the place!  I had everything and saurkraut.  Due to construction, we passed it by originally, but turned around and found it. It was so worth the search.  If you like hotdogs give Higley's a try.
5	Bring cash - they don't take checks or credit cards - but their prices are very low!  I had their fire dog, fully loaded - wow, it was fantastic!  I then tried their taco, which is really a burrito - also excellent.  But one of the most pleasant surprises for me were those dang old greasy french fries - oh yeah, just like you used to get at so many hamburger places until those mean old health experts started making the chains get rid of the delicious grease.  Mmmmm, half of a good fry is the grease it is cooked in.  OK, maybe I exaggerated just a wee bit, but really, their fries are some of the best I have ever tried.  My only one small complaint is they don't have Dr. Pepper!  So I had to drink Pepsi instead!
1	Well, after reading all the great reviews and hearing a lot about this place, I was so excited to eat here for lunch yesterday! I got chili cheese fries, and a plain ole' hotdog. My daughter got an order of the chicken nuggets. I wasn't really impressed by any of the food I had ordered. I'm really picky about my hotdogs and I was kind of grossed out by how thick they were. I'm used to the dodger dog styled ones, not Chicago style. That turned me off for the rest of my meal. My bun was really soggy and my hot dog kept falling out of it and that just pissed me off. The chili fries were also really runny. Not sure if they make their own chili but it was defiantly too runny for my liking. And last but not least, my daughters chicken nuggets tasted like a bucket of salt was dumped all over them. And don't get me wrong, I put salt on everything, I LOVE salt, but even that amount of salt was too much for me! I just really wasn't impressed by this place. Ill be sticking to wienershnitzle
5	Vienna Beef hot dogs best around and the stay is always the same always so realLove the place
3	The dogs are great.  Especially the loaded fire dog.  My daughter loves the vanilla shake.  We also like the fries and chili fries.  However, we have not been back lately because we were grossed out last time by seeing dead roaches on the floor in the dining room, and the floor/walls/booths were old and dirty.  Althought the dogs are great, can't shake the idea that the place needs a good cleaning up and fumigation.
5	Amazing, go and try it!
4	Stop today and order 3 Vienna Beef hot dogs with sauerkraut pretty darn good will be back to try other things. Pretty friendly place as well.
4	Cheese fries are yummy, hot dogs are all beef and the best around. Perfect for a small hole in the wall joint. Would go more often but very rarely carry cash and its cash only. Went out of my way to go to atm today though because it had been too long. Parking much better than it used to be.
5	'Chilly-cheese fries' - if that doesn't interest you...well I'm sorry.You have to get the chicago style hot-dog that comes with a cucumber on top. The chicago gravey w bread is also a good conversation starter (get it as an appetizer to share). I didn't like the chicago tomali (I was curious, bad idea).There's outdoor seating in the sun, or indoor seating...but we always get it to go.
5	I LOVE this place! Have eaten here for years! It's so quant & different. The good is amazing. Very good!! Tons of variety on a classic... Hot dogs!! Worth fighting the construction too!
5	Yum Yum, nothing like a good Hot Dog and not spending a fortune on lunch.  Polish dog is delicious, and the chili cheese fries were great.  Washed it down with a chocolate Shake... A great escape from the same old chains!
5	5 star Chicago style hot dog!! I've been to Chicago and this hot dog is almost exactly the same.  It's a small mom and pop place with straight to the point service.  Always order the dog with everything on it otherwise you're just not getting the full pleasure of a Chicago style hot dog.
5	This place is just a little hole-in-the-wall hot dog stand really... so don't think your going to a nice restaurant or anything when you go. But the food is awesome. The Chicago style hot dogs are awesome... best around really!We've been going here for 20 years and we love it. My kids would eat there every day if they could.
2	I am surprised by how many reviewers give this place four, and five stars. Are you guys nuts? The food is mediocre at best, and the toppings are totally unimaginative and extremely limited.  The fries were the best part of the whole experience for me, food wise. The place itself is dark, dingy, kind of dirty feeling and a TV blares in the corner of this step back into the early seventies.  The old woman behind the counter was rude, and impolite.  She cut me short to bitch at me about me taking too long to order.  When i laughed and said if she had simply been listening.... Unbelievably rude! And snippy! She assured us she was the owner, to my dismay. Wont be back, ever again.  Im still thinking i should have tried the Chinese joint around the corner instead of this hole. Oh, but the prices are cheap -- If thats any consolation.
4	Great little hole in the wall hot dog shack... $1.25 corn dogs are bomb. Their bratwurst is great too...get some extra sauerkraut because its delicious.
5	Awesome hot dogs. Fun hole in the wall. Vienna Beef products. Bagel dogs, corn dogs, fries all great. Cash only so bring some green. Same woman takes my order every time. Eat here before you judge.
5	I've been coming to Higley Hotdog for at least eight years and the quality has always been awesome! I have never been disappointed. The place itself is like a small little shack type joint, definitely not fancy. The food is fantastic as well as the customer service. It's been the same people every time and they're wonderful! It's cash only!
1	Owner is rude on more than one occasion.  Will not be returning.
4	Love coming here... Oh so yummy!  Gotta have the Chicago Dog with everything!  Wish they would invest in Square or something to take cards!
5	I wish I found this place four years ago when I started working in the area. The Italian Beef is great.
4	The works hot dog with fries and a choc shake hits the spot every time!  Only downfall is that do not take cards....cash only!
5	Reminds me of back on the southside ! A hotdog joint on every corner, this place is 100% on the spot, little dingy looking, great chi town feel, and in chi town all we carry is cash, out here everything is a card!!!
5	Exactly what I expect for a quick cheap lunch spot when I'm craving a hot dog and fries.  Prices are right and the fire dog was delicious.  Will definitely return.
4	Cash only. First visit here. Fire dog and chili chesse fries are good. Hot dog are not huge,  1 with a side or two dogs would make a great meal.  Very good pricing. Outside seating only. Walk thru ordering thru window. Small parking area. Good food. Will try again
1	Stop recently and the dogs were not as good. The dogs were okay BUT they serve everything on a cold bun.
