5	I never thought I would be writing a review for a grocery store, but I also never left one asking my wife if I could come back with her next week when she does the weekly shopping.  I also never went to work the next day and pondered if I should drop by a "grocery store" on the way home for a beer.  This is the effect 201 Central has on you. They are promoting themselves as a "specialty store", but I would describe them as a super market nesting doll made up of a sandwich shop, shoved into a coffee bistro, shoved into a local bar, shoved into a wine room, shoved into a grocery store, shoved into a Total Wine, with a JR's Cigar humidor room off to the side. This place is the unofficial house party headquarters, which happens to live in the same shopping plaza as the ABC store. They might as well change the name to Fridays, because this is the first place you will stop after punching your last weekly time card.When you walk in the first thing you see is a small bar off to the right. There are stools lined up all around it, and a WiFi seating area with tables as well.  This is where you can pick up sandwiches, snacks, coffee, tea, soft drinks, or what drew me over, their beer and wine selections.  I was looking over the craft beer menu, when the guy behind the bar asked me what I was interested in. I said I was just browsing the menu and planned on walking around, that maybe we would stop in on the way out. To which he replied, you know I can pour you a pint of beer and you can walk around the store drinking it while you shop, to which I replied, Uhhhhhh then by all means I'll take a Left Hand Milk Stout and my wife will have a Blue Moon. And there we went, pushing our metal shopping cart, drinking two pints of beer, they had my return service right there. Awesome concept Harris Teeter!As we pushed through the store drinking, commenting, and gasping at the amount of local craft beer and wine selections they had, we came across a total of 4 craft beer sample stations. I had offerings from Great Lakes Brewing, the best being their Edmund Fitzgerald Porter, fell in love at the Sweet Water brewing station when the rep realized I had tried all their Sweet Water offerings before, she opened the beer freezer and pulled out Danktoberfest and let me sample it right there in the store. Needless to say that tactic worked I left with two bombers. The Saranac vendor was also there giving out tastings of their entire winter sampler pack. Absolutely loved the Chocolate Lager and they were also selling this limited 32oz growler of their delicious Pumpkin Ale for get this, $3.49, but wait I forgot 201central this week has 20% off ALL craft beer in the store so that was really $2.79!  I filled my cart like I was at Sam's Club buying toilet paper, and we took our slight buzz to the next tasting station which was none other than Bell's Brewery. I love all of their beers, so we sampled their entire catalog, and even though their beers are more expensive, you get what you pay for, and luckily the 20% deal came through again! What a great start to this franchise!I will wrap this up, but just know we also stopped by a wine tasting station, walked into a giant humidor room with the sweet aroma of cigars, and noticed they sell every chip, dip, dessert, and microwavable snack item you would ever want to stock your house with to entertain family or friends.  The Grand Opening is this week at both their locations so walk in, grab a drink, and evaluate it yourself.  I think they have struck gold with this idea, and I hope it catches fire and spreads to every upscale super market in the area.  I'm a huge fan of where Harris Teeter has went with this concept, and I'll probably start stealing the grocery list off the refrigerator just to have a reason to shop here again.
5	I was looking for a wine store the had local wines. Then this place came up on my search. They had a decent selection of North Carolina wines which I was looking for. They have a good selection of wines and beer, they also sell wines glasses, bags, accessories and food too. They have a little cafe/bar at the side next to the entrance. This place is nice, clean with an upscale feel. I will definitely be back here.
4	201 Central is what you get when you take all the guilty pleasure parts of Harris Teeter and form them into their own store. There is a strong focus on wine and beer, much of which is craft. They have a healthy schedule of tasting events to compliment, but fear not, there are foods as well. All the best kinds of foods really: cheese, an olive bar, the international section all fleshed out like I always wished it was, hot sauces galore, mexican coke, and even grind your own peanut butter (Try the honey roasted!). All the best foods. They also stock some brewing and party accessories like bottle coolers and glassware so the non-food aspects of your decadence are covered too. Obviously, 201 Central is not going to replace your local grocery run; I assume you will still want some silly things like meats and produce. But for the grocery frills it is a one stop shop par excellence.
5	Stopped by here after Three Amigos with my girlfriend thinking we were going into some hoity toity beverage shop after noting the cars in the lot.Turns out this is a Harris Teeter spin-off and although it felt like a wanna be Total Wine at first my attitude quickly changed when I saw the choices they had under one roof. What an awesome selection of goods in one place. Knick-knacks, ice cream, sodas, chips, salsa's, condiments, sauces, etc. It's all here. When looking for a wine the staff was also very friendly although unable to obtain our wares.I don't think I've ever spent so much time in a grocery store. There was some place that looked like a bar, and some people drinking wine while shopping, and even a humidor I saw on the way out.This is definitely a place worth a visit!
4	I'm only reviewing a few parts of the experience since I was there for a party in the rented room... The staff was fantastic! My mother was lost on the way there and the one of the managers stayed with her on the phone until she made her entrance... That was well above and beyond... Not to mention, incredibly appreciated... We rented their space for a surprise birthday party for my cousins and it was a great time... You can bring your own food and drinks, but they can also supply wine for you since they have an abundance to choose from... The restrooms were very clean and easily located... They have a bar with a nice flat screen directly in the front of the store for those that may be on a shopping mission with you and are no longer interested in the deal finding portion of the day... lol There are bistro tables off to the side in case you want to have a seat and enjoy your finds... The only thing I find a little off is that their tastings are all at random times... Maybe I'm spoiled because there are set schedules at the places I frequent...  Even if they have other vendors come in, it usually overlaps with the times of the regular tastings... I think it would be a lot easier for them to cultivate a following if it was done at or around a specific time... That being said, I can't wait to head back over and check out their wares... Hopefully I'll luck up into a tasting... lol
4	At first glance 201 Central appears to be a glorified Total Wine; 3/4th of the store is alcohol. There's a monstrous amount of hooch in stock. You can buy flasks in every color of the rainbow. I don't drink, so I'm probably not the right person to be reviewing. I do frequent the place as the other fourth of the store has some useful items so I will concentrate on that end.The press releases pre store opening touted the bulk coffee, teas and other bulk bins; I was excited to have an alternative to Earth Fare as 201 Central is closer.  I was looking forward to purchasing beans, rice and alternative grains, but alas the dry goods amounted to nuts and trail mixes. Having said that they have a great selection of trail mixes, the flavor of which is far superior to the offerings at Earth Fare. Wish I could say that about the olive bar, which is mostly composed of basic green olives stuffed with different items; as opposed to the diverse varieties of olives they offer at Earth Fare. They do have some awesome and addictive stuffed peppers which are a touch to pricy to add to the everyday diet.I'm a big fan of their bulk teas; sure it's 18.50 a pound but you would have to buy a giant bucket to reach that price. Half a bag - enough to last a couple of weeks - will only set you back less than two dollars at best. The containers are kinda difficult; you have to beat them up to get them to dispense. There is also a bulk maple syrup, agave and honey section. Wish they revealed more about the origins of the product; don't want any honey from China.As for the rest of the food products, it's a lot of expensive gourmet items. Some of it may be worthwhile to purchase if on sale. I'm assuming that it's all geared toward party planning, but is anyone really offering a buffet of Annie Chun noodle bowls? Here's your boiling water, take your pick.....Realistically a 3.5 but I round up because I'm a glass half full kind of person. I do like shopping there, enjoy the jazz playing, the lack of kids running around and very much enjoy the $10 coupon they have every other week in the Wednesday Observer. For my needs I wish it was a little bit more like Earth Fare.
5	This is such a cool place! I love that you can shop while drinking your beer, yes it's the little things that get me going.  I also love that while my son has Taekwondo in this same shopping center that I can mosey on over here to pick up some...umm...errrr...milk let's say and have a beer while "shopping".It is nice that they have some grocery items that you can pick up for a quick meal, frozen stuff, milk, breads, etc.  I haven't tried the little cafe in here but I'm going to make it a point to.
5	201 is the ultimate wine shop/store. They offer everything including beer, cigars, specialty sodas and drinks, wine classes, food, etc. If you leave without something. Something is wrong with you! There's also a small wine bar with a tv (showing Food Network) where you can have wine/beer and sandwiches. Nice little area. I don't see any reason to go to any other wine shop. I highly recommend you check it out. The only turn away for me would be some of the champagnes. Some of the brands at 201 can be found other places for a few dollars cheaper.
5	THIS PLACE IS AWESOME!!!  A beer store where you can sip booze while you buy it.Its great that they finally seem to be getting some business.  They deserve it.  I guess they had too many Harris Teeters in a small area and when this Lowe's foods shut down they wanted something there but didn't need another grocery store.  This place is a beer and wine mecca with some dry and frozen goods as well.I went last week for a NC beer tasting and the bar area was slammed.  With a great selection of $2 bottled beer I can see why.  I waited a minute or 2 trying to get a beer and just decided to go to the tasting.  Reps from all over NC giving tastings of their offerings.  Most notably, Sierra Nevada had some reps there, concreting their place on the east coast.  That was entertaining but I wanted to figure out what I needed to take home with me.Me and my counterpart spent a good 30 minutes roaming the beer coolers.  Seeing many of things we had never seen before outside of draft at Duckworth's.  After picking up a couple of selections we headed back towards the bar since the line had died down.  After drinking a beer or 2 we had a thought.  It might be a good wine and cheese kinda night.  And what better place to procure said items.  The wine selection is almost overkill.  So many great choices.  We spent a good 20 minutes looking at Malbecs alone.  Once we had our 2 bottles we put some of the beer down and went looking for cheese.  They have a decent variety of cheeses but nothing special.  Once we noticed no redbox we knew we still needed to stop by a Harris Teeter anyhow so we figured we'd wait on cheese.On the way out I noticed a pretty legit looking humidor.  Oh yeah, they have beer making supplies as well.I like it.  Would be there all the time if it was a little closer.
5	Omg.....you must go!!!We stumbled in here one day and we are not sure how we lived without it!$2 beers from the bar always FYI....with an amazing selection.  Andrew, the regular bartender is the best!!!  Hilarious and will remember you after your first visit!Ask for the cheese menu....you won't regret it!All kinds of beer and wine....it's a giant beer/wine store with a mini Harris Teeter inside minus  the produce section.  Competitive prices...better than regular Harris Teeter on beer/wine (same owners).Hang at the bar!  It's always fun but low key.  Not for party-goers.There is a party room you can rent for $50!  Bring your own food....must buy drinks from there.Try it!
5	GREAT STORE!!  Went after Xmas..Great beer and some good specials..Huge wide aisles, nice cheese selection and other party food..I will be back!!  ( I marked it as Pricey, because GOOD beer ain't cheap!!)
4	Even though the prices are high (expect to pay $2.00 or more per item than you usually would) on the flip side, they have a large selection of wines and it's fun to have a $2 beer or glass of wine while you are shopping.
5	Great place.All the staff is incredibly welcoming and knowledgeable. Even though a beer I was looking for was not in stock, I was told the delivery time and date seeing as they had a limit on it. You can buy single beers for trying new stuff for $1.69 which is great! They also sell the basic home brew supplies for those who wish to make their own!My wife ventured over in the food side, where they sell all varieties of beer and wine glasses. As well as a good stock of some hard to find items (foreign spices, hard to find cheeses)Overall love this place as it is the best place to get good craft beer in this neighborhood outside of driving downtown!
5	Great idea!  Just found this place this past week and what a surprise.  Tremendous selection of beer and wine...not to mention the fact that you can sample a few beers as you browse the store.  Build another one closer to Lake Norman!
