5	I would definitely go to her again for another reading she connected very well, dose not sugar coat anything I felt so comfortable as if she was one of my friends, also professional, uplifting, and down to earth you will leave not only with mental clarity but filled with positive thoughts and true trusted guidance. Try her.
5	What a GREAT experience! A wonderful combination of professionalism & warmth. All areas were covered leaving me completely satisfied yet I can not wait for my next reading. That's right. You'll want to return often for that  incredible feeling of inner peace and newfound direction in your life. I can honestly say my life has changed in a tremendously positive way.
5	I had my first reading with Summer Rose today and I must say I was pleasantly surprised by all the things that she was saying. I have done other readings before with other psychics but this is the first time that I left feeling a sense of clarity knowing that everything is going to work out. I came in feeling nervous and as I walked in I felt a sense of peace and calmness. She was so easy to talk to it was like I was talking to an old friend that I have known for years. I will definitely go back to her and i do plan on going back next week to do a cleansing in order to get rid of any negative energy I have. I would recommend Summer Rose to anyone that is looking for clarity in their life. I feel so much better after my reading and I am already feeling more positive knowing that my life is headed in the right direction for the better.
5	I began to see Summer Rose four years ago, per the suggestion of one of my coworkers, who Summer helped cope with the death of her late fiance. At first I was skeptical, as many people are, but within five minutes of speaking with Summer I could tell that she was special. She immediately predicted my career aspirations... said that I would work in fashion, specifically "style.com," and then work in law... as it so happens I had made a blog post that morning referencing style.com and less than a year later I found myself working both for a fashion magazine and a law office. She has explained to me what people or men in my life are thinking, only to have them repeat it to me verbatim years later.More than being just a Clairvoyant, which is impressive in and of itself, Summer is a light healer. I leave her practice every time feeling lighter and inspired to change what is no longer serving me in my life and ready to take on what life has in store for me. I have suggested her to my closest friends, who all continue to seek her services for over 4 years now. To us, she is better than a mere therapist or life coach because she is able to intuit what is needed in our lives. When we face a crossroads or relationship difficulty, Summer is the first person we wish to turn to. I have continued to see Summer. because she does not merely tell you what you want to hear, but what you need to hear. Her advice is always completely relevant and inspirational, and if I could rate her 100 stars out of 5 I would. I can genuinely say that she has been one of the most positive influences on both my personal and my professional life and would love to continue to see her for the rest of my life as her practice expands (hopefully to LA!)
5	I first heard of summer through a friend and then looked over the review on yelp. I decide to give it a shot and was very pleased with what she had to tell me. I have gone to a different psychic in the past and felt very uncomfortable. Summer was very nice and super easy to talk to and communicate your concerns. she was very clear with her readings and answered every question I had. I would definitely go back in the future and recommend her to others!
5	I loved getting my reading by Summer! She used the Tarot cards read my palms and used one other source, I don't recall what it was. Everything she said really resonated with me. She was very accurate with my past and I'm sure she was accurate about my future as well. I will definitely be back for more light and love from Summer, she does chakra balancing and other modalities so I'm excited to return.
5	I normally don't go to spiritual healers, but my wife is really into it so I went with her for support. All I could say is that it was definitely an amazing experience! Summer truly has a gift and everything that she was saying was spot on. She was very motivational and easy to talk to. Just amazing!!
5	Summer is one of the most amazing people I have ever met. The reading she gave me provided so much clarity on my life situations and she really tuned into the areas that needed the most attention without me telling her a thing. She holds nothing back and is very up front with what she sees. I could not believe how accurate she was with the current events in my life that I know I can trust what she says is to come. She is the real deal, there is no doubt about that. I got the opportunity to also sit in on my cousins reading a few days later and it just confirmed to me how real she is. Thank you Summer, I will definitely be back!!
5	Prior to this, a friend had conducted two Tarot card readings for me. This was the first time I went to a professional for a reading, and I am so pleased I had this experience with Summer. She is focused, compassionate and gifted. Her genuine, feeling nature and comfortable demeanor helped me to fully engage, listen and learn. I have had a weight lifted from me and feel relaxed and relieved after my session. I can't wait to see her again.
5	Summer is the real deal!  I have been to a few psychics and none where as right on and specific as Summer was without me revealing any information.  Extremely accurate with my past,  Summer's ability regarding my future was spot-on with my own intuition.  I am looking forward to seeing the events unfold and returning for another reading in a few months.  You will be so pleased with her positive energy and uplifting spirit.
