3	The lady and I went here last night kinda on a whim'.  We've been meaning to check out the new casino and figured on a Tuesday night it shoudn't be too busy and it wasn't.  We got there around 7 PM and pull up to the valet (which is complimentary with a players card-which is free), so I see no reason not to valet.  The entrance to the casino itself is quite grand especially for Pittsburgh.  I won't spend a lot of time describing the casino except to say the crowds were okay, probably a little better than mountaineer.  I was able to find a blackjack "table", which is with a video dealer, but I had just as much fun and won enough to pay for dinner x 2 in about 30 minutes and Annie found some nickel slots.  There are mulitiple restaurants from casual to fast food to their take on "fine dining".  We tried the "fine dining" option which was Andrews.  It's a very lovely place.  Inside there are high ceilings, ornate lighting, big bar with a friendly bartender and plenty of tables/booths.  However, what I really appreciated was the outdoor seating.  We were able to sit right on the railing on the sidewalk on  a gorgeous early fall night.  I like how the trim of the huge casino changes colors and during the early evening it was quite beautiful.  We were greeted quickly enough by our main server "Bill" who was working in conjunction with "Joya".  Overall they were pretty good and I've been told jobs here are a hot commodity, so chances are your server will be a professional.  We started with a couple drinks.  I had a dirty martini, ketel one, rocks...which was quite good, however Annie wasn't as lucky with a weak and sour vodka/tonic.  We started with a couple appetizers.  I ordered a half dozen oysters, which were surprisingly good.  I think you're typically not suppose to order oysters this time of year, but Bill said they were from Nova Scotia, so I guess it was alright.  They were plump, fresh and briny.  It was served with a pretty forgettable mignonette sauce and cocktail sauce.  We also tried the "hot off the rock" more of a novelty item than anything else.  It's servedon "volcanic rock" and you cook the meat yourself.  They serve it with a trio of sauces and it's tuna, beef, chicken and ahi tuna.  It was fine and kinda fun, but taste wise no better than anything you'd get at any hibachi around town.  They had a very nice selection of bread served warm with good quality butter and hawaiian rock salt (big fan of hawaiian rock salt, refer to tomatoe mozz review at the carlton).  The two person table was a bit small for this beginning, but we made do.  I guess I suggest if you want to order some of the bigger plated items like the hot rock and oysters, maybe have them serve one before the other.  Annie had the sirloin (12 oz.) with mashed potatoes.  The steak was a bit overcooked and the mashed potatoes were good, but not capital grille or ruth's good even though they were charging ruths' prices.  I had the King Crab which is technically considered with them an accompaniement, but at $40 that would be one hell of an add on.  THe portion itself was large enough and the crab was cooked well, and they did crack them for me.  However, when I spend $40 on "king" crab legs I expect monster crab legs these were closer the cheaper snow crab version.  I added on for $10 the trio of sides of which I picked the mushrroom fricassee (okay, but not flavorful), onions (forgettable) and au gratin (quite good).  Most of their  entrees are served with sides except steaks and certain seafood like lobster.  Overall I found the quality good, but not deserving the $200 including tip with two drinks each it cost me, not including dessert.  If I go back I'll try to go for the cheaper lunch or hopefully by then be getting 'comped'.  Again, not a bad place with good service but definitely not in the same atmosphere as Capital Grille or even Hyde Park.
5	Hands down, Andrew's is the best "steakhouse" in Pittsburgh!  If you've left Ruth's Chris, Hyde Park or Morton's dissatisfied, as I have, you will enjoy this new "best kept secret" of Pittsburgh.I recommend the grilled hearts of romaine salad WITH anchovies (if you're daring!), the petite filet cooked or uncooked (I chose very rare) and the must have au gratin potatoes.  The drinks are a bit overpriced but that's something I can overlook when the food is as delicious as it is!The ambiance of the restaurant is quite enjoyable, the service is impeccable and the food is unbelievable. Yes, you will not pay "Casino-cheap" for this meal...but my philosophy is that you "pay for what you get." If you truly enjoy a great steak dinner and don't mind paying when something is great, then Andrew's is the place for you!Be sure to mention if it's a birthday celebration because your server will surprise your "birthday guest" with a lovely, complimentary, dessert complete with a candle and Happy Birthday message.  No worries though, there is no obnoxious gaggle of singing waiters or a sombrero for you to wear! Andrews is truly a gem in the Steel City!
4	Have gone there twice, mostly as a night away from the kids during a cold winter. The steaks are good, but the seafood was better. Crabcakes a bargain as an appetizer at $15 for a hockey puck sized cake that is mostly crab with little filler. far more interesting to eat at the bar than the dining room just to watch the atmosphere. Not cheap but the sat. night special of Prime rib was good nicely rare and beefy, nice place to go on a cold winter night when you don't want to run from car to door. And the crowds are always interesting at a casino.
2	We've dined at this restaurant a few times before and we've never been impressed.  It's pretentious and way too expensive for the quality.  I have no problem paying high prices for worthy food, but this food just isn't worthy.  This time, we were seated as soon as we arrived, and we were able to sit outside.  It was a lovely evening, so this was a nice bonus.  Our waitress was incredibly slow.   She did not check on us enough and we had to flag her down for drink refills.  I asked her for a diet coke, and she didn't bring it.  I asked her a second time, and she acted like it was the first time I requested it, and it still took her ten minutes to bring it to me.  When I was in need of a refill, she was nowhere to be seen.We ordered the shrimp cocktail appetizer, and this came out quickly and tasted pretty good.  $14 for six pieces of shrimp, however, is a little steep.  I ordered the soup of the day, which was a potato leek soup.  The waitress, however, brought me French onion.I ordered a filet mignon, and requested it be cooked "medium" - the steak I received was well done.  The accompaniment I requested was a crab cake, and this tasted good, but neither the steak or the crab cake had any kind of sauce or condiment.  It was just a dry piece of steak and a dry crab cake sitting side by side with no sauces, no side dishes whatsoever.  Apparently, if I wanted a steak sauce or a sauce for the crab, I would have had to spend another $15 for a "preparation."   If I wanted side dishes or a vegetable, I would have had to purchase these separately as well - and these sides vary from $5 to $12 extra.  Keep that in mind - if you order a steak, and don't specify that you want a particular sauce or preparation  (which you pay extra for), or if you don't specifically order the extra side dishes (which you pay extra for), you will get simply a piece of meat on a plate.  No soups or salads come with a meal.  Everything is a la carte, everything is extra.  I had every intention of ordering vegetables.  But the problem is, they serve nothing in season.  It's the middle of July.  The local produce is abundant in delicious vegetables and herbs of all sorts, but this menu is the same menu we saw back in January.  The salads had things like "iceberg wedges" and dried cranberries.  Where's the heirloom tomatoes?  The side dish vegetables were things like "mixed root vegetables".   I have nothing against root vegetables, but it's 90 degrees out for goodness sake.  I want something grilled, something light, something summery.  They're missing out on really wonderful opportunities to incorporate seasonal produce into their menu. None of the vegetables offered appealed to me, so I had a meal of meat. My date ordered a hamburger.  This was the most pretentious crap I've ever seen.  The burger came on a giant, rock-hard bun.  The top bun was served upside-down with the lettuce and tomato on the top.  I wish I had taken a picture of this thing. We both just rolled our eyes when it hit our table.  Needless to say, the bun was inedible.  He had to take the meat off the bun and eat it with a knife and fork.  When the waitress came by to check on us, he told her that the bun was inedible and the whole presentation was just silly, and she agreed.  She said that everyone takes the meat off the bun, as she scooped up the bun from the table and scurried away.  If everyone has the same complaint, and everyone's bun completely goes to waste because it's too big, too hard, and too stupidly assembled, why are they still serving it that way?!!  The last time I ate here, I made the mistake of ordering the "King Crab" at "Market Price" - I received, literally, two crab legs - at a lovely market price of $60.  The crab was good, but I won't make the mistake or ordering that ever again.  It was so not worth the money.Another problem - this restaurant is called Andrews' Steak and Seafood.    The word "seafood" is in the name of the restaurant.  But there are only four seafood entrees on the menu.  You can have salmon, pike, crab or lobster.  Crab and lobster are "market price" so I'd avoid ordering those.  So then you're left with salmon and pike.  Not a  lot of options for a "seafood" restaurant.  And the seafood that is on the menu is not labeled with an origin.  So, you have no idea if it's sustainably-sourced, and the waitress didn't seem educated on this either. Despite the problems we had, we were not offered an apology or given an opportunity to speak to a manager.  When we were finished, the waitress brought dessert menus.  We were considering ordering, but after 15 minutes went by and the waitress never returned, we had had enough and decided to leave.  It still took us another 20 minutes to get the bill paid and get out the door.As the "nice" restaurant at the casino, this place really better step it up.
5	Used to be a Mortons loyalist but this place gives them a run for their money!  Steak was melt in your mouth tender and the Lobster Mac and Cheese was ALMOST as good as Nine on Nine...  Service was great and it was pretty quiet concidering it is in the casino...   Wonderful wine selection and the waitress knew her stuff.  Liked the relaxed dress code as well.
5	Was extremely pleased by this restaurant. Went here for our anniversary and first night out since our daughter was born; to get a little steak/casino action. We sat on the patio, as the lighting on the inside lacked the usual ambience. Service:Every person we interacted with was fantastic. Our waiter (Michael, ask for him!) was prompt, friendly, funny and knowledgeable about the menu. The sommelier was excellent and was able to recommend a mid-range wine we loved based on the hodgepodge of information we gave him about what we liked.Food:Delectable. I had the 12oz. filet, oscar-topped with a side of asparagus. My husband had the 20oz. ribeye with creamed spinach and a baked potato. Unlike the other reviewers, we both marveled at the perfection of our steaks. A perfect medium rare, warm all the way through on both, with a nice sear on mine. Keep in mind: we are steak people, we've eaten at a lot of steakhouses and this was the most PERFECTLY cooked steak I've ever seen. Everything else was great, with the exception of the potato. Not that it was bad, just underwhelming after the quality of all the other dishes. But then, it was a baked potato.The only negative point we had was the gelato. We really can't complain, as the dessert was complimentary (our anniversary), and exactly what we wanted (a little gelato, a little chocolate). However, gelato is not supposed to be hard. It's not like ice cream, it's a gooey, wonderful, weirdly-frozen mess. This was rock solid. I mean hard to get a spoon through solid.All in all, we will be back. Probably too often. This place is the perfect high-end steakhouse to compliment a night of blissful gambling and drinking. It rivals many of the places we at in California & Vegas.
3	I was in the north side trying to find a spot to eat on a Sunday night which is a lot harder than I thought. Monterrey Pub and Legends were closed. Although I was in yoga pants and a hoodie we decided to go to Andrews. It was 6pm but I was jonesin' for a bloody mary so I went for it! The bloody wasn't spicy but it still hit the spot. I might have had a couple more.  So I don't eat red meat or pork (yadda yadda bacon, yeah shut up) so I understand it's comical that I end up at a steakhouse.  Normally steakhouses have a wide variety of seafood as well Andrews fell short here.  Maybe 3 seafood dishes. I had the spinach salad (hold the bacon dressing) which was good but too heavy on the balsamic dressing. The server then brought us 4 different kinds of bread with homemade butter. Delish. I decided on the salmon which was cooked well. The vegetable/risotto mixture was blah. I didn't eat any of the concoction. My dad had the fillet with the trio of sides as well as a 1 lb mashed potato. He said everything is good (but he always says that). The server brought out a platter of topping for the potato which was a nice touch. My dad got chocolate and pumpkin donuts with 3 different dipping sauces. I mean they were great but how can those be bad?Pros: The server was very friendly and knowledge (although she made a joke about people ordering seafood in steakhouses, haha I can take it), tasty bloodys, warm variety of breads, decent steak (so says my dad), I didn't feel out of place in a hoodie but this is Pittsburgh (I'm not sure if that's a pro). Cons: Limited menu especially with seafood (yeah I know its a steakhouse, shut up). Everything is a la carte which gets pricey and you end up with a pound of vegetables. I might sound like my grandma but it was really dark.  I had a hard time figuring out what my vegetables were. Overall: This did end up being a pricey meal but it didn't knock my socks off. The high points were the bloody, bread and dessert (story of my life). I think I might stop in for a cocktail if I'm at the casino but skip the food.
5	Awsome Place!!!  The manager was so helpful!!  Great guy!!
5	My husband and I visited Pittsburgh for Xmas. We live in NYC but he's originally from a town 40 miles outside the city. We decided to stay downtown for the holiday. We were looking for a place to have Xmas eve dinner and since we planned on going to the casino anyway we decided to go to Andrew's. We're very glad we did! We had a late reservation and ended up having the place to ourselves...fabulous! I'm a jaded New Yorker..not easily impressed by alot of things but I liked the decor of this place. Floor to ceiling window and had a classy yet sexy ambience. Our waitress was very helpful and knowledgeable. My husband wasn't too hungry so he ordered the scallops. I believe if you're at a steakhouse, you MUST try the steak. Our waitress recommended the strip steak so I decided to go for it. I usually never order a steak on my own but I got the 20oz bone-in rib eye and SOOO glad I did! IT WAS THE BEST STEAK I'VE EVER HAD! I like my steak medium (no bloody meat for this chick!) Our waitress extraordinaire suggested I get it "medium plus". She said since it's bone-in, a medium might still leave some reddish parts which I do not want.  So again, I went with her suggestion. I got my big piece of rib eye and I couldn't be happier with it! The way they cooked it was perfect for me! A little charred on the outside but still medium and juicy on the inside! I also ordered a side of mashed potatoes but my steak was so good, I barely ate the mashed p. That was no doubt my favorite and best steak I've ever had! We're now back home in NYC and I still can't get over how good it was. We will def hit this place up everytime we're in Pittsburgh and I recommend it to everyone! Mmmm....soo good!
4	Inside the Rivers Casino there are several restaurants, Andrew's Steakhouse being the 'High-End" restaurant among them. We have been here oh, I'll just say numerous times, including fourth of July to eat and watch the fireworks. How do you see the fireworks, well the backside of the restaurant is all floor to ceiling windows looking out over, across, up and down the river. Also there is a backside patio dining area under cover but with outstanding views including up the Mt. Washington hillside. In this warm months this is a very pleasant or even perhaps an outstanding al fresco dining scene.So what do I like best here; the food and views.And the least, a bit noisy from the casino and intermittently slow service.Our usual starting place would be the Bluepoint oysters on the half shell, which are always nicely presented and tasting fresh out of the water. They are accompanied by Cocktail sauce, Mignonette, and Horseradish sauce. Some of our other favorite starters are the French Onion Soup with Applejack Brandy, and Calamari which is served with Lemon Aioli and Arrabbiata sauce dipping which has a nice complexity and heat to it. The Calamari is delicious and very tender.We alternate between the salads all of which are pretty good. I especially enjoy the beet salad. This has read and yellow roasted baby beets, with goat cheese, frisee and arugula and a Sherry vinegar reduction. These flavors all work together so nicely.So far, we have not tried the seafood, chicken or burgers. But the Steaks, Prime rib and the Lamb are what we are drawn to.The Bone In Ribeye done medium rare is just bursting with flavor and practically melts in your mouth. This is an outstanding steak, one which I come back for often.Linda loves the Rack of Lamb. This Lamb is mild, tender, beautifully prepared and very delicious for you lamb lovers. We have had Lamb all over the country and this stands up to the best we have had including Jamison Farms (actually from here in Latrobe, but served around the country in the best restaurants, and Elysian Fields (also local to Green county and served in around the United States). Example, Thomas Keller famed Chef of the French Laundry in California serves Pennsylvania Lamb.One other item worthy of note, there is a very great bar in here with seating and several High-top tables. Overall this is a very good choice if you are seeking the high-end steakhouse kind of dinner and experience. I think the Ribeye here might be the best int he city.
3	Andrew's is usually very good.  The steaks are great.  However, while I realize that Pittsburghers aren't great "foodies," some of us transplants know the difference between fennel and celery.  Great way to cut costs, but a real cheat.  Tsk, tsk!
1	We walked down to the Casino after a Pirates game to try Andrews.  Boy did we make a mistake.  As we walked in, the Maitre D'  and two servers/bartenders stood at the Host Stand and simply stared at us when we walked in.  Realizing we wanted to sit at the bar, we made our over to the completely empty area and had a seat. After a few moments of staring at the empty bar, the Bartender finally walked over, looked at us and rudely said, "what can I get you?"For starters, less of an attitude....this "nice" gentlemen by being rude, not welcoming us into the restaurant and not introducing himself, cost the establishment a very healthy check which Morton's was more than happy to accept.
4	Surprisingly a pleasant experience! We're not really gamblers, but had dinner at Andrews to celebrate a family member's birthday.  We were pretty worried when we walked into the casino and nearly choked because of the cigarette smoke... for out of towners - Allegheny County no longer allows smoking in most restaurants and businesses, so this was quite a shock!Once we got to the restaurant, all was well.  The decor is pleasing and not over done.  We were seated outside on the patio and had a decent  view of the river and city. The meal and drinks were delicious... our table selected a round of cocktails and steak tartar and calamari for appetizers, both delicious and decent portions... then various salads (caprese was awesome!!) and finally main courses - 2 steaks with a trio of sides, ciopinno and the monkfish... ciopinno was great, slightly over cooked, but still really great flavor.  my husband's bone-in ribeye was of Flinstone's proportions and had great flavor.  I didn't get to check out the wine list, but both bottles of Northern California wines (Cab and Sauv Blanc) were great.My only major criticism was the garbage carts were wheeled about 15 yards in front of our table every so often... there was no odor, but it was rather unsightly.  I know garbage needs to be dealt with, but wondering if there is a better path.  Overall, a great meal... total for a table of four (cocktails, apps, salads, meals and 2 bottles of wine) was about $550... so it was pricy, but delicious!
3	3.5 stars: 4 for the food, 2 for the chef's refusal to defer to customers.The Hostess: The Paula Dean lookalike was supremely uninterested in greeting us. After walking in she didn't make eye contact and left a long, intentional pause after asking us about reservations. 2 more seconds and we would have left w/ our $150.Waitress: Stacey was amazing! She was attentive and super friendly. Food: The chef refused to make my burger medium rare for some reason. It was medium so I sent it back, and when I got it back the 2nd time the chef sent a message that the burger can't be made medium rare. I'm sorry, but I've had plenty of burgers medium rare at other high end restaurants (see: Minetta Tavern in NYC). I only didn't send it back again b/c I didn't want my food tampered with. It tarnished an otherwise great food experience.Verdict: With a better hostess and a chef that listens to customers this place would be 5 starts. Regardless, the burger was amazing, so go for that!
1	Over-priced, bad service, and nasty food.  We went to dinner before the Pitt home opener (at Heinz Field).....Tilted Kilt would have been a better idea, seriously.  At least, Tilted Kilt doesn't bill/promote itself as something it is not.  Look - If we walk out w/ a $125 bill (2 people and no alcohol), it really needs to be spot on.  The steak wasn't memorable in any capacity (not even in presentation) and I am not convinced that the Chilean sea bass was really even fish.  Our waiter was an embarrassment to the service industry - he had less than four tables and was acting like he was in crisis the entire time.  The manager stopped by......but there was so much wrong, it wasn't worth discussing.  If you're looking for a good steak or just a fine-dining experience, try Capital Grille or Morton's (both downtown).   Or go to a real restaurant in a real casino.  I can honestly say I wouldn't eat here again, even if it were free.  It was simply a bad dining experience on every level.  I hate the casino, anyway.....this is just another reason I won't go ;-)
4	We dined here on a recent "special" evening.  Tucked inside Rivers Casino, we arrived promptly for our reservation.  Lucky for us, we managed to get an awesome table with a view of Point State Park and the Pittsburgh's Skyline.  Beautiful!  The interior of the restaurant is modern, beautiful lighting and a huge bar area.  Because the restaurant is located in a casino, no children.  The restaurant is named after important Andrews namely Carnegie, Mellon and Warhol.  Our server was awesome, fairly attentive throughout the evening.  We started with a shared roasted beet salad.  The arugula, goat cheese and pine nuts made it amazing.  For our meals, BJ got the hanger steak with chard, Parmesan and red wine demi.  It was cooked perfectly and full of flavor.  I got the 8 oz. filet mignon.  I was concerned about being able to eat such a big steak.  But no worries.  It was so good, I was able to eat every bite of it.  Perfectly cooked, the flavor was incredible.  For our sides, we got a trio that included lobster risotto, sweet potato puree and root vegetable.  The risotto was just okay, but the other two were outstanding.  We really enjoyed our leisurely meal here.
4	Started with a hostess that was to busy to give a nice greeting when we walked in because it seemed like she was to busy on her cell phone. Once we were seated the server promptly came over and greeted and asked us of we wanted drinks.  We went through the wine menu and ordered a Cab. When she came back which is seemed like twenty minutes because from what she said they had a hard time finding it. At least she was honest. Then it was the wrong year from what was printed on the menu. How does that happen? Then we had some questions about some things on the menu which she answered. We went for the tasting menu.  Great value! Fantastic scallops and French onion soup. Really liked the house salads even though I switched the dressing to ranch. We both ordered steaks which where cooked perfect and the sides thy came with it really filled us up. Then for dessert we had them box one to go and shared the chocolate cake. My wife loved the gelato that came with it.  Overall really liked the place.
5	I remain consistently impressed by this restaurant. You wouldn't think that a casino steakhouse would be that great, but you would be wrong. This restaurant really kicks ass. Highlights, in no particular order:* Salads: Fresh, delicious, enormous, creative. The winter salad features crusted sweet potato croquettes. Amazing!* Steaks: Top-notch. Bone-in ribeye is the best in the city. Filet is fantastic as well. This EASILY beats Ruth Chris.* Seafood tartare: Very creative, interesting use of sushi-grade seafood. Highly-recommend.* Service: Very knowledgeable & competent.* Drinks: Excellently executed! :)* Ambiance: Beautiful, well-curated space.All in all, an excellent restaurant. Definitely a good date spot!
5	I actually work at the Casino and had a chance to finally go to Andrews with some friends. This was easily the best steak I've ever had in my life.  First of all, the restaurant is beautiful. Very classy. The waiters, waitresses and bartenders were all very friendly and clean. I had the 14 oz New York Strip Medium and it was perfect. Everything is pretty much a la carte, so I had a baked potato and roasted mushrooms. It was great. My wife had Chilean Sea Bass and loved it as well.  It is pricey, but you definitely get what you pay for. Delicious.
4	I stopped by here a while ago with my fiance for dinner.  I have actually been here a couple of different times before and each time was good.  The steakhouse is tastefully decorated and feels upscale like it should.  My favorite part of it is that the casino is kept in the casino and if you didn't walk through it to get here then you would never know that it is right outside the door.  So what that means is that restaurant seems to be somewhat soundproofed and was not smoky whatsoever.  Whenever my fiance and I came we both had the fall pre-fixe menu and I had the following:Bread - Three types: jalapeno cheddar (my favorite), a rustic farmhouse type loaf and a fruit loaf all with salted butter.Steak Tartar - This came with served with a baguette.  The tartar itself was bland and the raw onion in it was not for me but at least the sauce was good.Beet salad - This salad had very sour dressing but I enjoyed it as it had goat cheese, blue cheese, white and red beets and pine nuts.8 oz Filet - The filet was good by itself, cooked nicely and  I loved the salted top.  It  came with mushrooms that were cooked nice but salty and also a few overcooked pieces of asparagus and mashed potatoes which were nothing special.Cheesecake to go - came with berries (blueberry, strawberry and raspberry) and some whipped cream and tasted decently.The bottom line for me is that I would come back here again in the future.  It was another solid meal at Andrews and both my fiance and I enjoyed it.
3	The nice thing about Andrews is that it is in the casino. They are not pretentious and you can go in jeans. They have a nice view and the staff is friendly. The steaks are ok but nothing over the top. I would go here if it's convenient but if you're looking for a quality steak I say go to Morton's.
3	Went here tonight for dinner and then some gaming in the casino. It was very quiet and we had a nice table near the windows that overlook the river. We ordered a wedge salad (split for two), 2 rib eye's and a trio of sides including seasonal vegetables, roasted mushrooms, and creamed spinach. As we are avoiding carbs right now we had to say no to the bread basket, but it did smell delicious. Overall our waiter was very nice and helpful. He was available when needed, but also gave us time to look over the menus and to eat without feeling rushed, or that it was taking too long. The food was good. Definitely not the best steak I have ever had, but delicious none the less and overall a great time. Being in the casino is nice because we were able to enjoy some gaming after and it was all in one place.
1	No one under 21 can eat here.  We had a wedding rehearsal dinner and two of my children were under 21 but because it is associated with a casino, no one under 21 can enter the restaurant.  Crazy, as I've eaten with my family in Las Vegas and California Casinos without incident, but here they wouldn't even let us near the restaurant.  Too bad as I'm certain this must destroy their business. We spent our 800 bucks at Eddie Merlots instead.  Well worth it.
4	if you arent in the mood for hyde park or ruths chris then try andrews. located in the northshore inside the casino and most definately worth the price.
