4	Pampered Foot is great for a walk-in neck/shoulder massage and they do a wonderful job with feet. I have gone to the Pampered Foot more than a dozen times, and each visit was quite good.As someone with chronic pain, I appreciate how easy it is to get an appointment.  I also like the aesthetic of the place; it's clean and minimalistic. The reflexology "rooms" afford some privacy, and the chairs face the wall (which I appreciate since I would rather not be on display). This isn't a luxury spa, but it's quite excellent for what it is.
4	A massage with your clothes on?  Sign me up!    I don't recall them harnessing my chi.  My chakras are (is?) still filthy I'm sure.  Chronic migranes weren't miraculously healed.  Perhaps because I don't suffer from any.  What do you really expect for 25 bucks?  What I got, however, was a dang good massage!!  At my mother-in-law's insistence, I went with her to Pampered Foot on a lunch hour and decided I never needed to eat mid-day again.      It was inexpensive, has a good mellow ambiance and feels fantastic.  I expected a glorified foot rub, but it's a full body workover.  You leave your clothes on, lay back in a Lay-Z-Boy style chair and stick your feet in a tub of warm water.  If you don't want the embarrassment of trying to squeeze your skinny jeans up your calves ("I swear they're supposed to fit like this!") then be sure to wear comfy cottony clothes like yoga pants, or shorts.  They start by massaging your face and head (ladies - consider this), work their way down your body to your feet for a solid 10 - 15 minutes, flip you over, and then work their way back up, spending enough time on the glutes to justify the entire price tag.  Every time I go I swear the hour really lasts two.      I know that in some places they climb all over you and bend your body into impossible positions.  I would probably really enjoy that.  What I got was a solid rub-down that I could have easily enjoyed for another hour or ten.  The only adjustment I would make was my own fault.  I like a really deep massage and ask for that up-front, and tend not to speak up to have people adjust pressure lighter or harder.   I'm pretty sure I had a near-death experience when my...reflexologist ?.... started working on my feet.  Holy mackerel!  I didn't think I was going to be able to walk afterwards.  No one else, including my husband, who likes a much lighter massage, seemed to have an issue with it.  So either I'm sensitive or I just need to yelp a little louder.      Why is reflexology so cheap and so good when other spas charge through the nose to molest you?  I have my theories - I'll let you figure that one out.  Not really sure I care.     I've been to several other reflexology places in-between visits to Pampered Foot.  They are the most reasonably priced and most pleasant of the places I've been to around the East Valley.  They are pretty comparable in terms of massage quality.  If you haven't been - it's a great place to surprise someone with an outing.
4	Remember when you were a kid and your favorite thing was going to Disneyland?  And remember that Space Mtn was so thrilling that you immediately got back in the line after finishing it?  That's sort of how I felt after an hour at this place.  Much more than a foot massage, absolutely calming, and an amazing way to spend $30.
3	I think the location is wrong because I am pretty sure this one is on Alma School Road.Anyways, visiting the family in AZ for xmas, my cousin recommended we go here for some TLC. They have these type foot places where I live, in fact I think its a growing trend because I now know of 3 "foot spas"I have always wanted to try this and I am glad I did. Basically it's a massage with your clothes on, in a recliner type chair that turns into a massage table. How does it do that? I always wondered myself, so basically theres a hole where your head is, they lower it all the way back so its flat, then you lie on your stomach so your face is in the hole just like a regular massage table.First, they soak your feet. Massage your face, arms, shoulder then your feet. You turn over and they do your back. 3 stars because-there was this annoying beeping that kept going on right in the room in front of us. And my therapist didn't massage my head or did a good job with my shoulders. Oh and don't wear makeup! I made the mistake and wore a matte type, and the guy had a real hard time with my face. Also their lotion isn't oil so its not as slick and actually not greasy at all so its hard to spread, it absorbs too well. But for $30 hey. I will do this where I live, as there are a few locations like this.
5	What a great place!  Cindy is the best.
1	Curt and abrupt management.  Turned away on Mothers Day because, in fine print, my gift certificate had expired.  In my mind, along with a good massage should come quality customer service.  Though I had frquented other locations, I will never return and will relate this experience to my friends.
