5	I had the best time on the Walking Gourmet! However, I must admit I was a little nervous to dive into what I thought was a tour designed only for a real "foodie".  I'm not usually very adventurous with my food choices- but I went with an open mind and palate. I was blown away by the hospitality offered at each of the tour stops (5 in total). We were promptly greeted and treated with VIP status. The food presentation, portions, and quality were exceptional. Oh, and the cocktails were amazing! I would recommend The Walking Gourmet to Vegas locals and visitors. It's a fun change of pace and an experience that would be good for a small group of friends or even a super cool date night. Definitely go!...and go hungry and ready to have a memorable time.
5	This is truly as good as it gets, I had an idea of a fun walk through Vegas eating some snacks along the way but it was nothing like that! I was eating some of the best of what Vegas has to offer, meeting the chefs that prepared it as they explained what every bite was and how it was prepared. We walked to amazing restaurant after amazing restaurant and if it was to far to walk we took a limo/party bus. I was in Vegas for four days and these four hours were the absolute best four hours of my trip! I'm coming back next month and doing this again!!Robert Horning
5	The BEST tour in Vegas if you are a foodie!  We had a wonderfully yummy time at each of the mystery stops. The food and drinks were amazing and we got to try places we may have never considered. Just be prepared to be stuffed with goodness!
5	WOW! I can't begin to tell you how much fun we had on our Walking Gourmet tour. We were in town celebrating my mom's 60th birthday and this was a surprise for her. First off, let me tell you that my mom is not very big on "out of the ordinary" food. She is very much a meat & potatoes kinda gal. So I knew this was going to be a test for her. Let me just say, that by the end of the tour, my mom was actually trying sushi & so much more! Ken was absolutely superb! I must admit that I did a private tour, and would highly recommend that. The personal attention was out of this world. I think we all felt like we had been long lost friends with Ken by the time it the tour was over. We got the opportunity to try restaurants that we've talked about going to, just never really wanted to spend the money to "try" a restaurant. Each of the chefs & servers were extremely friendly. The food was great, and you definitely are full for the rest of the day. We had a small breakfast, had our tour at 2pm, and didn't need to have dinner for the evening. This was a wonderful surprise for all in our party, and I would highly recommend the Walking Gourmet. We definitely plan on doing another tour next time we're in Vegas.Thanks Ken...you're the best!
1	So disappointed! A local resident friend of ours booked this for 4 of us (foodies) thinking it would be a fun way to pass an afternoon. The guide, although a nice young man, was disorganized - did not even know there were 14 in our group instead of the original 10 booked & he spent way too much time on the phone with the office & not enough time as a "guide". The restaurants went up the scale (thank goodness) from poor to OK. First stop was Coconuts, a sort of Mexican place, who was not at all ready for a group. We won't even go into the food & watered down drinks. Stop #2 was an English pub with the best fish 'n chips & great hostess. Brio, a restaurant we frequent in Miami, had a separate room for us - very nice - but the tastings of fried foods was no way representative of their usually good menu choices. The hostess at stop #4, Double Helix, was very knowledgable about our wine tasting but once again food choice was fried. Last but not least was Tommy Bahamas. They were not ready for 14 people & only had dessert samplings enough for 10 so appetizers had to be substituted. The afternoon of way too much indelible fried foods was certainly not worth the $65 pp which our local resident friend said was a discounted price.
5	Fabulous tour at the Palazzo!  Well worth the price for the amount of food and beverage your receive.  Visited 8 up scale restaurants and it was wonderful.  The tour was educational with the Chefs coming out and introducing themselves and the food.  Ambience was perfect for singles/couples/groups.  Would highly recommend this tour I give it 5 stars!!!!!!
4	We had a wonderful time on this tour! We ate at 4 fabulous restaurants, each wonderful in it's own way. The portions we were served at each were much larger than we had expected. At one we had 1 cocktail, and 4 different tastings with more than enough for seconds of each. We ended the tour with a wonderful dessert that not one person could finish because they were too full. If you want to try something different in Las Vegas , do this tour! You'll find restaurants that will certainly become favorite dining spots .
4	I discovered the Walking Gourmet thru YELP and just a general google search. I am a hardcore foodie and love tours and trying new places. This was my first time to Vegas so figured a culinary tour would be a great way to get to know the city and other people who are foodies like myself. I was a little hesitant to book because of the high price but booked it with a $20 promo code. I am glad I decided to take a chance because I had a great experience and met wonderful people. I did the Palazzo/Venetian tour on a Friday and Darren was our guide. Our group only had 4 people.We visited four places including: Table 10, Sushi Samba, Morel's, and Wolf Gang Puck's :Postrio. Our first stop was Table 10 by Emeril. The bacon wrapped dates, bacon, and shrimp were so tasty. For our alcohol drink we had a lemonade spritzer. Our second stop was Sushi Samba and that was the most unique experience for me. The sushi was so good and the waygu beef potstickers were delicious. I did not care for the sake drinks. The third stop we had a private wine sommelier at Morels . We had a nice cheese and wine platter. I really wished we could of had a sampling of steak or some other appetizer in addition to the cheese. This stop I kind of felt cheated as far as food goes. The last stop was Postrios for dessert. We had a butterscotch cheesecake for dessert which was delicious.Overall, the Walking gourmet was a good experience and a must try in Vegas. It's a great way to meet new people. The price point is a little high for a non foodie but I did some numbers and each place ends up being from about $25-40 per stop. We did not get to tour any kitchens or meet any chefs so that was kind of a let down. I think some of the restaurants need to make more food selection in their sampling. Our first stop by far had the best selection and value for our money.
