4	I have been following the launch of this new truck on Twitter the last couple of weeks because honestly, what is better than a great Grilled Cheese sandwich. When we showed up at the Las Vegas Streats Festival last night and found the Mucheeze Truck there and still melting it felt like fate. We got into the line (only about 5 or 6 people in front of us) and since it was our first experience we wanted to try the basic Cheezy Lovers Delight so that we could see how they do on the simplest of items and I have to tell you that it delivered on every level, the bread was grilled perfectly (just to the edge of being "burnt", not in a bad way), the cheese was super melty and stretchy. Overall this one sandwich was perfect. We will hit up this truck again soon and get the full experience and then update the review once we have tried more items. BTW - The guy who appears to be the owner seems to be super personable, he was hanging his head out of the window chatting with the people in line and keeping a good count on the number of people in line so he could everyone when they were going to run out of food.
5	Muncheeze is exactly what I expected it to be. Gooey, cheezy, delicious ingredients culminate in this sister truck of Slidin' Thru. I had the T.H.C. and I added Bacon. The bread was perfectly grilled, the tomatoes were fresh, the ham had great flavor, the bacon was nice n crisp, and the cheese was plentiful and nicely melted. The beauty of this truck is the simplicity of the menu and concept, who doesn't love grilled cheese?! I can't wait til I can try Muncheeze again and tackle the other menu options.
4	I was so excited to try out the eats from here. And I finally got the opportunity at the last StrEATS. They didn't get off to a great start. Glitches prevented them from opening on time and left a few of us waiting in line for a long time salivating and exercising our patience. But hey, they're a newbie truck, so you have to cut them a little slack.The lobster bisque (one of their soup offerings) was absolutely fantastic. It was served in a bread bowl and filled with all kinds of yummy. Temps outside may be rising, but don't pass up this tasty delight.For a sandwich, I opted for the one with the pulled pork and mac 'n' cheese. It was good, but not great. It was missing the ooey gooey cheese. But props for an interesting combination.All the sandwiches come with fries and a dipping sauce (like ketchup, but not). Hint: try dipping your grilled cheese in the dipping sauce.My main complaint was that it was a lot of food. Especially in a setting with so much food goodness (in other words, so many eats I wanted to sample), the amount of food was overwhelming. It was also awkward trying to balance everything and eat so much while standing up. The portions and packaging didn't quite lend itself to street food. Offering half sandwiches and fries as an optional (not automatic) side would be nice.
5	Despite some of their first facebook reviews on the day of vegas streets, i think Muncheeze is delish!!! Their tomato soup defines what comfort food is.... i can eat this stuff every day!!!! YUMMMM... We took everything to-go, the Piggy Mac was so good, it reminded me of the Pulled Porky Slider..Try it! If you love Slidin Thru and their quality of food, you wont be disappointed with Muncheeze!!!!.
3	The concept of this truck is awesome. The execution still needs a little work though.I appreciate the trendy food truck craze that is currently overtaking every major city. I think it's awesome. Muncheeze menu is outstanding. There's a little something for everyone. You have the grilled cheese that includes pulled pork and mac n' cheese, or the one that has steak, or the classic ham & cheese, or a combination of cheeses and bacon. Everything in that last sentence flows so beautifully. I'm a cheese enthusiast, so if there is cheese on something I'm usually gettin down with the get down.Unfortunately where Muncheeze falls short is the quality of the food. Unlike their sister truck Slidin Thru, they miss on a few key points. If I order a grilled cheese, there better be a lot of cheese on there. If I order your grilled cheese that includes 3 different types of cheese, THERE BETTER BE A LOT OF CHEESE. That was not the case when I ordered the Cheesy Lovers Delight (I selected American, Cheddar, and Mozerella). The cheese was barely noticeable, that was disappointing. If it had more cheese it would have changed my whole experience. I decided to get the combo meal, appropriately named the Munchbox Combo which included a tasty glass Coca-Cola and Mac-Bites featuring Holla-peno ketchup. The Mac Bites were a bit greasy and lacked a real cheesy flavor, so those fell short as well.Another disappointment was that they were out of Lobster Bisque, or, they never really had any since we got to the truck 20 minutes after the windows opened. At first they weren't sure if they had Mac Bites as well. I thought the organization was a little all over the place this time around.With the awesomeness of Slidin Thru I definitely had high expectations for Muncheeze. Unfortunately they fell short. Knowing that they are run by the iconic slider truck I will give them a second chance.
3	I SOSOSOSO want to give this a better review and hopefully it will change. Grilled cheese is/was my favorite comfort food as a child and now. We were also recently spoiled to have a visit Roxy's Grilled cheese truck from Boston visit Vegas so I got a chance to compare to what a true grilled cheese truck should offer. (I wrote a review for them in another entry)Anyways Grilled cheese musts.....are CHEESE! GOOEY Cheese, Hot and not Burnt.Well thankfully this sandwich was not burnt. I ordered the 3 cheese with bacon for $5. It came on standard white bread. The cheese inside was partly melted but not all the way. The Mac bites on the other hand $3 and 6 of them was excellent! It came with with Holla-Peno Ketchup and was well worth the $3. Muncheese is the sister truck to Slidin Thru and I know they start making some kickass grilled cheese after they start looking at the product better at the lab.My only suggestion is using a thicker bread like a Brioche or Texas toast and unique cheeses like Brie, Maytag Bleu and Muenster. At least add thicker cheese and make sure it is gooey/stringy when pulled apart, I will keep visiting and I love the concept and will change the rating as I know you will get better,
4	This is good stuff no doubt. Same guys as Slidn Thru so you know the service is great and the food will be original and BOMB!!
2	I went to Muncheeze one Thursday night on the SW side. The fleet design and the name of the truck are awesome. The website design is great, menu is comprehensive. And I think the best way to properly serve a grill cheese sammich is via the immediacy only a home kitchen or lunch truck can deliver. All around Muncheeze is a superb idea. BRILLIANT! However: I stood in front of the order window with no one in line in front of me for a good seven minutes before I got a greeting. I got the OG ($3), just a plain grilled cheese sammich. I also wanted a $5 Tomato soup to dip my OG in and my bf wanted Mac Bites ($5) and the Lobster Bisque ($6). The soup warmer was out, so no Tomato Soup, no Lobster Bisque for us. The OG was good. My bf said the Piggy Mac was good, too. Not overpriced. But the service was subpar. I'll be willing to patronize again, but I wouldn't go out of my way to seek them out like last time. Novel.
5	I saw them on a Twitter post from FukuBurger and decided to check it out today.  I had the Piggy Mac, and it was one of the best grilled cheese sandwiches I have ever had.  I've had bacon on a grilled cheese before.. but adding BBQ pork, mac & cheese, and jalapeno to it... greatness.  The guys working there were super nice, and gave off a friendly feel to the place.  I felt kinda odd paying $10 for a combo meal, but the sandwich, mac & cheese bites, and a drink... I'm OK with this.  Definitely going back.
4	I love to support the food truck scene in Vegas so when I heard about Muncheeze I had to check it out! A grill cheese food truck is brilliant and much more feasible. It definitely cuts down the waiting time you might encounter at the other food trucks. My co-worker and I decided to try this place during our lunch hour. First impression- great looking truck! The graphics were cute and so was the truck name...Muncheeze (genius)!To be a fair judge as always we ordered quite a few sandwiches (Sassperilla, Chi-chi and Piggy Mac) to judge the quality of the sandwiches. I must say that I was impressed and thought that the Chi-Chi and Piggy Mac were pretty dang good. I prefer the Piggy Mac more over Chi-Chi. The bbq pulled pork was just right because it wasn't drenched in BBQ sauce and did not hide the taste of the other ingredients. The Sassperilla was drenched in A1 sauce and by the time I ate it, the sandwich was soggy. The Chi-chi was my second choice, great concept but it was a little dry. We also had a side of Mac bites and well I wasn't a big fan of the holla-peno ketchup. I think they should have a spicy ranch dipping instead or maybe just serve with a ketchup/marinara & ranch. My co-worker was a little disappointed that they didn't have the tomato soup on that day so another day that I went again they were out of soup...do they ever have the soup? For $10, you can get a sandwich, bites and a drink, this saves you a couple bucks, which isn't bad considering the prices of the food truck combos. Overall the experience is worth it. Some people get annoyed with the guys blasting the music with your favorite song or whatever they are in the mood to listen to and still they're still getting a hang of the biz but this shouldn't distract you from attempting it just once. C'mon Vegas support your food trucks! Follow them on Twitter, Facebook or their website to see where they end up next.
2	It's the Piggy Mac that warranted two stars, they cheesy Lovers was just a mess. The Piggy Mac consisted of bbq pork with jalapenos and mac n cheese ($6). The potential was there, but the wheat bread choice was really poor. The Cheesy Lovers Delight with Bacon ($5) was not good on any level. Dry flimsy bread, congealed cheese and bland bacon. Yes, bland bacon. Seems like an oxymoron doesn't it?
2	I love cheese everything and anything.  I was so excited to hear about the Muncheeze truck, and when I tried it out- disappointment.I had the OG and mac and cheese bites.  I would have ordered the lobster bisque (I LOVE LOBSTER BISQUE!) if it was available, but they didn't have any.The OG was ok (I've had better grilled cheese sandwhiches at home) and the mac bites were greasy.Sorry guys, I would do you dirty if I wasn't telling the truth.
4	I was roaming from truck to truck at Tommy Rockers on Staurday night and saw this beautiful cow with glossy eyes staring at me. His name was "Stoney" and i believe we've met in another times forgotten space.The Truck was not yet open so i vegged near it for a few minutes. As it was time to order i immediately saw the Piggy Mac and went for it. It was mac and cheese with pulled pork and bacon, need i say more?!? i ordered as a combo and it came with mac bithe and a drink. The mac bites were good, as good as deep fried mac and cheese could be with some jalapeno ketchup.. I can't wait to meet up with my friend"stoney" soon and try some of the other tasty treats Muncheeze has to offer.
2	20 minutes to wait for food from a food truck at a very busy strEATS event - okay. To wait 45 minutes - NOT OKAY.I really wanted to like Muncheeze truck because I love, love, love cheese! When I started following their Twitter and saw that there was a new menu I decided I would go down and try it out. To my surprise this Vegas strEATS was packed! I guess it's gotten a lot more popular since I went to the first couple times.The Muncheeze truck line was long, but I figured, hey, it's a food truck, they serve out the food pretty fast. I waited in a long line at Lulu's before, but the wait wasn't too bad. Boy was I wrong on that account. Look, the people taking the orders were super nice, I'll give them that, but the guys in the truck making the food? They just looked like they were pissed and moving at a glacial pace as everyone outside their truck stood around and sweltered in the heat.The food did not make me happy either. I opted for their version of a tuna melt. Welp, it was not melty. Yes, it had tuna in it, but sheesh, there wasn't even any melted-goodness cheese going on! I also got the buffalo cheese curds. The curds were inventive and good, but I wish they had been more ooey gooey rather than rubbery. Luckily I opted to take my food home and popped it in the microwave - 20 seconds later, voila! My curds were actually perfect. I've done a sampling of a few of the food trucks here in town and I gotta say Muncheeze is now at the bottom of my list. I suggest they start putting a little more effort into the food.... I think they have a novel idea, but gotta work on it guys.
4	Some of these bad reviews I'm reading about Muncheeze Truck just amaze me because I've gone to Muncheeze Truck MULTIPLE times and never had this experience. I think since the truck got new management, especially, the food has gotten better. Although, I am a fan of the old menu. The mac bites are delicious. Anybody complaining about a fried food being greasy is ridiculous to me. I LOVE getting the Cheesy Lovers Delight with bacon added. I always leave the cheese choice up to the cooks and it never disappoints! It seems like it's gotten even cheesier since the new management. Also a fan of the Piggy Mac, but the Cheesy Lovers Delight with bacon is by far my favorite.My service has always been fast with the truck unless I'm at something that's crazy busy like Vegas StrEATS, but you know going into that place that you're going to be waiting for a ridiculous amount of time because the amount of people that are there ordering food. First off, LOOK AT THE LINES! You can easily judge that you'll be at each truck for about 45 minutes to an hour. (I waited at Fukuburger for an hour last time I was there and they were out of half of their items!) A lot of other trucks have food that can be pre-prepped, where as a grilled cheese can't be made ahead of time. And for people bad mouthing grilled cheese businesses and saying they'll always fail, maybe if these don't do it for you then you should check out how successful the Grilled Cheese Truck in Los Angeles is. The only thing I'd like more with the truck is for them to be open more often. I haven't seen any dates posted lately...
1	Changed ownership mid year and the new staff is remarkable unimpressive.  Food is not good and service is horrendous... like this is their first food serving endeavor.
1	****This review is only for the service, since it was so bad and we waited so long that we canceled our order, and 5 minutes later they bring out the order anyway while we wait to speak to the manager****So before the Gazillionaire Elite Event at Caeser's my friend and I decided to go to Muncheeze for a quick bite due to our time constraints.  I personally think and hour at a casual dinning establishment is more than enough time to sit, eat, pay the bill and leave but I guess I was thinking the wrong thing in this instance.  We were greeted by the hostess and seated quickly.  As we arrived we sat next to a couple who had just sat down and ordered, the waitress then took our drink order at the same time and I asked that a TV be put on a specific game.  We order our drinks and she gives us a minute to look at the menu.  5 minutes later the table next to us gets their drinks and she takes our order.  10 minutes after that we get our drinks (15 minutes just to get drinks?) and the table next to us gets their food.  15 minutes later the table next to us is done eating and are given their check (now in most cases the server would see that we are right next to them and we don't have any food AND the TV that I asked to be changed was never changed) another 15 minutes passes as we watch them pay leave and their table is bussed before the server comes back and says "you don't have your food yet?!?" in which I answered "no, and actually I have to be somewhere at 8pm, I'm going to have to cancel our order."  She said "OK, but I can check on it for you, do you want it to go?"  Now since I was going to an event I didn't want to have to carry this stuff across the Casino and then have to eat it while at the event.  So I declined and asked to speak to the manager.  Before the manager comes out the table the food comes.  Now I'm even more irritated.  We have already cancelled the food, obviously we were hungry otherwise we would not have been there, but to not have enough common courtesy to not put the food in front of me that I can't eat now because I have no time to so would be great.The manager seemed friendly enough though about the situation and was very sorry for the incident but the damage had been done.  He offered to get the tab next time we stop by but I'm not sure if I want to do that, I think they lost me at the 45 minute wait.
