5	I can't say enough about Dr. Tran and his staff! I have severe dental anxiety and from the moment I met Dr. Tran I have felt more comfortable with him than I have with any other dentist. He is very gentle and really does his best to keep the procedures as quick and painless as possible. I always feel that he genuinely cares about my comfort and he's not just trying to sell me more services. The staff in the office are also so amazing. I am usually really upset when I get there (even with the Xanax he gives me!) and everyone is always nice. They go out of their way to make me feel comfortable and always explain every procedure. They answer all my questions and don't get upset if I need a few minutes to relax during the procedure. I never have to wait more than a couple of minutes when I get there and checking out is always a simple process. And the billing staff is also so understanding and willing to work with you on payments.If you need a good dentist I HIGHLY recommend Dr. Tran and his staff. I have never had such a good dentist and will continue to see him even if I don't really want to! :) PS: he also provides emergency care and his office is very prompt about returning phone calls.
5	I look forward to coming to the dentist's office because of Dr. Tran and his wonderful staff.The booking process was very smooth, the front desk staff is always warm & accommodating, and I was seen almost immediately after I checked in for my appointment. This was my first cleaning after 2 years, so it was not easy. Lynn, my dental hygienist, is wonderful and kind. I have never felt comfortable talking to any of my previous dental hygienists about my concerns or asked any questions regarding gum health but with Lynn, we talked and talked. There is a TV that you can utilize to distract yourself and yes, you get to control the remote. The cleaning itself was not as bad as I thought it would be and Lynn used a numbing gel on my gums since they were already inflamed due to my previously poor dental care.I had to receive the Level 2 cleaning, unfortunately the dental terminology has slipped my mind.. but they made sure to check what my insurance covered before offering it to me. I liked their up-front honesty since it has to do with your finances.I also saw Dr. Tran that day and received his advice on my wisdom teeth. He is a very nice, patient, and great doctor as well.After seeing Dr. Tran, Lynn took my x-rays and then advised me about proper brushing, flossing (strangely, none of my other dental hygienists have ever advised me on this), and an electric toothbrush recommendation as well. I was prescribed a mouthwash to fix my gum issue and I ended up purchasing the Oral-B electric toothbrush she had recommended from their office as well. After being very motivated to perform proper homecare by them, my gums now do not bleed when I brush and my teeth have never looked better. Plus, I LOVE my Oral-B electric toothbrush. Be sure to ask them about it when you visit!
5	Staff is professional and friendly, my appointment always runs on time, scheduling is easy and convienent
5	I've never been to a dentist office  that is a friendly as All Smiles Dental. Dr. Tran is so nice and patient! He made sure I was comfortable the whole time, I was getting my  fillings done and always checking to make sure it I didn't feel any pain. The staff showed me how to brush my teeth right and made recommendations so i don't have to come back for more fillings in the future.  :P  I'm from California and my dentist isn't up to date on the equipment like Dr. Tran. I'm so glad I only live 3 blocks from his office now!
5	All Smiles Dental is conveniently located like a mile and a half away from our home.We used to go to a Henderson Dentist, not only far but what convinced us throughout the more than 15 years of patronage,to the former- in fairness because their services changed otherwise to our expectation and  was worth to give others a try and we didn't regret it.Our first visit was the start of this year 2014- me and my whole family changed dentist and what a good decision to do so!Dr. Tran and his competent team of hygienist and office staff/ team are the absolute best, friendly and accommodating to our every need from the time you make to your appointments to planning your treatment plan and check out.Their facilities are state of the art and very clean.They make sure your appointments are always on time, and every step in the treatment process is caring and they explain the procedure as you go along, with comfort and ease in mind.The office staffs  make sure that your insurance benefits are taken cared of according to your plan and any out of pocket cost are detailedly explained upfront.Hassle free and efficient check out.Dr. Tran sees to it that all the members of my  family and I are A okay, and his dental services are professional- the hygienist explains how to brush your teeth very well, flossing and all the good stuff.Going home after this visit, always carry a smile complete with confiidence and a dental kit (A pouch courtesy of All Smiles - with a toothbrush, toothpaste and floss.We love Dr. Tran! We always look forward to our dental maintenance visits.More power to you and the staff!
5	Home from the dentist! My research paid off; I chose the perfect dentist for me. His staff was kind and patient with me.  I have anxiety just thinking of going to see a dentist.  My body cringes.   My tech was so kind, patient, and understanding, she went beyond to help me through the x-rays. Then Dr. Tran came in and took time to sit and chat with me before any work was started.  He wanted to help me overcome my anxiety.  He has a good sense of humor and I felt very comfortable by the time I left. The office is comfortable, the staff are all super nice.  I have work to be done, but I know I picked the right dentist to help.
5	My husband and I just moved to Vegas a few months ago and we decided to try this dental office because it's close to our house.  We've been to a number of dental offices in the past and this by far has been the best dental experience.  They sent us our initial forms in the mail so that everything was filled out before our first appointment.  They took us in immediately and worked on our teeth right away.  The office is clean, open and welcoming.  Dr. Tran has an awesome personality and the dental hygienist was so helpful and informative.  Great place!
