2	Lulu's has two things going for it: it's cheap, and it's close to Carnegie Mellon's campus. Besides that, the service isn't great, they have forgotten my food, and the food isn't that great. I keep going back because up until recently, there wasn't any other choice that close to campus for quick Asian food. The items are hit or miss, and lackluster. Good luck. I'm not saying it's horrible, it's just uninspired, boring, and not that flavorful.
5	Sorry, guy, everyone I know loves this place. Sure there are a few things I didn't like, but most are tasty, fresh and not at all as greasy or too saucy like lots of Chinese takeout. Highlights include the Lard Nar Pork, Hong Kong Chow Fun Beef, almost any noodle bowl, the Teriyaki Chicken Salad. And the gyoza appetizer, so yummy! As a group, me and my coworkers like to hit it once a month. For those who might peruse the menu, Yum Wok is the more mainstream Chinese menu, LuLu's Noodles being a collection of different Asian noodle dishes.update - When I wrote this there was only maybe one other review. I hear you guys. Yeah, don't get the stuff that's not Chinese. You are NOT going to get good or authentic pad thai, or teriyaki chicken, or udon.  You will usually get tasty, not overly greasy, Americanized Chinese food. Although the gyoza is very, very good.
2	O.K. in a pinch, but I've had much better Asian food. The little red pepper next to my dish was supposed to indicate spicy, but it seemed pretty mild to me. The shrimp and veggies were fresh, but the flavors didn't meld the way they should. Sauce was a little too gelatinous, and there was too much of it. Service was unfriendly and perfunctory. However, the green tea was really good--and really, really green. I'm with Matt L. on this one.
4	Great asian joint for those CMU and UPitt kids... (I was a CMU'er myself).  This place offers popular chinese, korean, and southeast asian dishes - young chow fried rice, double cooked pork, udon noodles, kim chi fried rice, bulgogi, tom yum gai, beef chow fun, rice bowls, thai ice tea...etc.  Service is fast enough that you can eat and go back to computer cluster to finish your assignment... if you dont get food coma that is.
4	I agree with l s. - I've always enjoyed Lulu's.  It brings back happy memories of high school field trips and the freedom to walk the single block from the Carnegie Museum to grab lunch.Their Thai iced tea and bubble teas are both good.  The spring rolls come with delicious sauce on the side, and all of the vegetarian entrees are appealing.  The portions are huge and inexpensive, and the location is convenient for students, Med Center employees, and those visiting the museum or the nationality rooms.  Sure it's not high-class cuisine, but for what it is, it's good, filling, and affordable.
5	Fresh, it doesn't make me sick, neat little place to visit for college students
3	The food was good. Even the won ton soap that boasted to be straight from San Francisco, seemed to be very similar to the won ton soup that you get in the authentic SF Chinatown spots. I had the greens with shrimp - basic, simple, satisfying. The melon tea was waaay to sweet for me, and didn't really seem like tea. My big issue with this place is that it is loud as hell. I could hardly hear myself think.
3	The food is decent, not great, not authentic by any stretch of the imagination, but fairly priced for portion-size, and generally tasty enough.  I highly recommend the crab rangoon if you like the sweet cream cheesy kind.  Yum!  And I like the pad thai even if it is sweet and not authentic as well as the curry chicken.  (FYI: My order of the curry chicken and crab rangoon came out to $9 after tax)I don't often eat at the restaurant itself, I am more a order-from-wheeldeliver.com or pick-up person.  Service isn't great, which is probably why I avoid eating in-house.  Bear in mind that parking on the street in the area is generally hard to find unless it is mid-day in the middle of the week.
2	I'm lowering my rating.  The service is the absolute worst.  I dont think I will return anytime soon regardless of how good the mango smoothie is.----------------------------------The food is average and the service is even worse but I still eat there, though not regularly.  The reason for the 4 stars is the smoothies.  Try the mango.  You will go back just for that.
5	I have flown 3,000+ miles to eat at LuLu's.OK, that's not exactly true.  BUT I am from Pittsburgh.  I went to college at Carnegie Mellon.  I ate here a LOT in college and whenever I go home to visit I insist we eat here - multiple times.  I have dragged my husband and son here up to 3 times in a week-long visit.We still have a few college friends in the area so there is still the chance to meet at LuLu's and really make it feel like old times.  I love the food but I will admit part of the appeal is that chance to relieve one's prime...  who knows.I love their pho (either with chicken or veggies/tofu) and their thai curry chicken (either with chicken or tofu).  They have no problem making either one without onions - good for me because I am picky.Love their fried red bean won tons.Love their bubble drinks which I think are fairly new - they didn't have those when i was in college.  Love their slightly engrishy menu - I think it's the hot and sour soup where they claim "And wow!  is it good?"Love the goofy pictures on the walls of the kids and noodles - wonder what those kids are up to now?  So weird to go there and know they're getting old just like the rest of us but there they are, young and covered in noodles.Good times, good food.  Yeah the service can suck - we call it the LuLu's experience to note how the food never all comes out at one time so one person will be finishing as another is just getting their food - and if you ask for water to drink, it tastes like it came out of the hose.  But I love LuLus and no trip to Pittsburgh would be complete without at least one meal there.
1	I don't know why Lulu's is so popular. The food over all just isn't that authentic or tasty. That said, I kind of like the beef chow fun, which besides being sort of oily still tastes decently good. If you like singapore rice noodles (with the curry and chicken and pork), I would compare it with Orient Express. Oh, and they own the Asiana in CMU, which is fine if you are in a hurry and can't leave campus but generally not so great. The kim chi is subpar. I like the canned grass jelly and guava juice though...Whatever you do, don't get the Pho, it doesn't taste like pho, it doesn't even taste good. They have bubble tea. Some people don't like Taro chunks in theirs. I don't mind them but I also prefer Orient Express's Taro tea anyway.If you consider Lulu's to be a good asian restaurant, I can't argue with your taste buds. But I will urge you to try Rose Tea Cafe or Kamei and allow your tastes to expand a little.
3	Worth the money, but not too great.  All of the dishes were less than 10 dollars, and the portions are really big.  However, what you get is basically a bowl of noodles with very few vegetables and meat.  If you're looking for a cheap, filling meal this is a great place.  If you want good Asian food, look elsewhere.
1	This place is beyond non-authentic. I had one of the worst meals in Pittsburgh at Lulu's. If you must persist in your folly by continuing to go to Lulu's, DO NOT order the Thai Beef Basil. It was disgusting. They used beef that had been clearly tenderized in some sort of acid(probably pineapple juice). It also had canned tomatoes, and no basil. The kicker was that the sauce they cooked it in was, without a doubt, KETCHUP.  OH MY GAWD! And supposedly Asians actually work at and own this restaurant!?!?You know there are many ways you can bastardize food, but sometimes it can taste not so bad, even pretty good. However not in this case. It was an complete abomination. These people need to give back their Asian membership card right now.
4	Lulu's has great american-asian food.  It bring lots of great dishes from many cultures.  The plates are large, but still priced for single persons.  So you don't have to share a dish ever.  The Dr. Foo's Special is a really awesome popular dish, I get it about every time I go.  You have to mix in the Dr. Foo's Special sauce.  The Pad Thai and the Spicy Sechewan are good dishes too.  Their appetizers are good and cheap too.  I would recommend going here over Oriental Express every day unless you are in a hurry.  Lulu's service can be horrible sometimes.  Once the waitress didn't realize she was our waitress and left us sitting there for 15 minutes. Lulu's does have the best bubble tea in Pittsburgh though.  I like Classic the most.  But I figured out the smoothies are the best bang for your buck because they aren't 50% ice like the bubble teas sometimes are.  I usually spend $12 on meal, bubble tea, tip and tax.
2	lulu's is to asian food as cleveland is to pittsburgh.eh, that doesn't completely make sense, but neither does the crowd at this place.
2	Great prices, average to terrible food. You get what you pay for. Avoid the Pho, it's not even close to real Pho!
4	Lulu's is the first off-campus restaurant I remember going to upon arriving in Pittsburgh, and it  holds so many fond memories, which is why I'm adding an extra star to this review. What would Craig Street be without Lulu's? Heck, what would PITTSBURGH be without it? They have a range of different menu items, but I mainly stuck with their noodle dishes. Love their beef lo mein and their crab rangoons. The owner, Mr. Yan, is the nicest guy ever, and graciously helped out the student organization I was a part of when we ran a bubble tea fundraiser to help Hurricane Katrina victims. I actually came to him second, after the mean lady at Rose Tea refused to help us out.
3	I lived across the street from Lulu's for three years. Even though most of their food are Americanized, they do have a few selections that are pretty authentic. Their Hong Kong Beef Chow Fun tastes just like the stuff my mom used to make, although a bit on the greasier side. Their Singapore Mei Fun and Java Fried Rice were staples for me here. If I were judging them based solely on these three dishes I would give them four stars, however it took me a few tries before I found what was good there.
4	Sunday lunch at Lulu's - after working in Oakland for two years and eating there only during weekdays at lunch, who knew that Lulu's actually has sit-down service during the daytime? I didn't, that's for sure, so I was surprised to see a bit of a line forming near the entrance at 1:30 on a Sunday.No problem, as we were seated within a few minutes of our arrival.Now you don't go to Lulu's for good service. You don't go to Lulu's for the dining "experience" that other restaurants offer. You probably don't go expecting an "authentic" menu. You go for tasty food, served quickly and hot. Spicy basil noodles with chicken, on this visit, hit the spot just as they have on every other visit I've made. In fact, I love it so much that I hate to order anything else from the menu because I'm afraid to miss out on the vermicelli noodles steaming with carrots, snow peas, red and green peppers, etc. The sauce is sweet and salty, and could be spicier but I'm afraid to doctor up the plate with the red pepper sauce they have on each table for fear of ruining the dish.The crowd is nice on a Sunday, relaxed but not lethargic. Our server was polite, took our orders quickly, and stopped once during our meal to make sure everything was ok. A word about takeout - I've only ordered it once from Lulu's and it was a remarkable disappointment. The food took forever to come out (30 minutes or so) and the balance of noodles to sauce to veggies and chicken was off because it was prepared in the to-go container rather than on a plate. I learned my lesson and now I'll only dine in.
4	I went to LuLu's dozens of times during my undergrad at CMU.  Basically, it is cheap with decent portions and the food is pretty good if you get the right dish.  Stick to the noodle dishes and you will be good. Most of the time I stuck with the Chow Fun Beef.Are there better places? Certainly - try Rose Tea Cafe in Squirrel Hill.  But for price it is pretty good.
3	Lulu's is a good place to grab a decent lunch with friends. noodles are okay, i always order the chow fun, but other noodles are good. i would not recommend getting anything that is too traditional such as pho as it will not live up to the standards of anyone who really knows what it's suppose to be like. the thai tea is good as well, so overall give it a try its good for its location to schools and in comparison to other asian food spots.
2	I've eaten at Lulu's too many times to count.  I always get dragged here by friends and family, against my better judgment.  I have cousins who've worked here, but that doesn't mean I have to like the food.Now, I don't care if Asian food tastes authentic, but I care if it tastes good.  The only Pittsburgh food that I like less than Lulu's is the blood-pressure-inducing salty dishes at Rose Tea Cafe (go figure, everyone seems to like that place as well).  Go to Bangkok Balcony instead for something nice, or even Orient Express if you're in a hurry.That said, the restaurant environment is kind of nice, especially considering how inexpensive the place is.  And the service is usually decent.
1	I feel for the reviewers who think Lulu's is worth 5 stars.The noodles here are edible, three-star college area food. The bubble tea is tasty although I do belong to the group of people who prefer not to have chunky taro bits in the drink. I've never even considered asking for it without the bits because the service here is horrible. This joint a great example of the many Pittsburgh businesses who have not yet realized that the demographic of the city is changing. Debit and credit cards are not a fancy new invention that can be ignored at will. Don't want to take my debit card at 4pm? (hey, I'm not longer breaking your asinine lunch rule) Have shitty rude staff who will actually ignore me while trying to pay for my meal because they don't want to run the card? I'll be eating somewhere else. Food isn't worth the b.s.
3	Service: 2.5 stars (out of 5)Food: 2.5 starsPrice: 4 stars (easily under $10/person)Atmosphere: 1 stars (unless you like shouting and being cold)A number of people have said that this a great place for college students to get decent cheap food. I completely concur. My low marks come from the fact that I don't want food that is just "decent" or "cheap". I want it to be tasty and I'm willing to pay for that! Also, it felt like a college cafeteria: the stereo was loudly playing poppy dance, hip-hop, and rock songs. So I'm getting a whole bunch of pop lyrics layered with everyone around me shouting over the music. I could barely hear my wife right across the table. There seemed to be a cool breeze blowing across my legs from somewhere. Perhaps it was from the 8 inch hole in the wall behind us. The food was greasy, yet satisfying. The white rice was a bit chewier than I like it. At least the tea was tasty and stayed nice and hot.
1	I had lunch at Lulu's today after St. Paul's Easter mass, only as a last resort because Crepes Parisiennes and Eat Unique were both closed for the day.  I had two bad experiences at Lulu's before, but that was about a year ago, and I was hungry.  The memories of past horrible food had faded gently in my mind, and I was feeling forgiving.  Big mistake.I ordered the BBQ pork noodle bowl, and Bob the Boyfriend ordered ramen.  The food came out fast enough, so no complaints there.  But from the first bite, it was clear that things had gone horribly awry.  The pork on top of the bowl looked and tasted like something a dog would gnaw on, tough, dry, and very salty.  Underneath, my noodles were completely unseasoned, just rice vermicelli with nothing else to speak of.  As for the boyfriend, Bob's ramen was technically ramen, I guess, since the noodles were ramen noodles.  But instead of a savory beef or pork broth, his noodles were backstroking in miso.  While this is weird and cheap-ass of them, I can't complain, since the broth was clearly described as 'miso' on the menu.  But the real problem was the miso broth itself.  The amount of miso in it made my tongue curl.  It was so salty it was almost inedible.When the waitress asked me if everything was OK, I told her plainly about the dry pork and the bland noodles, and she said "Yup, that's the way it comes."  I was stunned and didn't know what to say, so I asked her to suggest something else.  She recommended the Singapore rice noodles.  The Singapore noodles came out after a short wait, and the noodle bowl mercifully disappeared.  But then the new noodles were so heavily spiced that they were (again) almost inedible.  Certainly not bland this time, though!  I have to wonder if they were messing with me.  Finally, we asked for to go boxes and high tailed it out of there.  It was a depressing, bad experience.Other notes: The atmosphere is horrid (loud music, completely crowded), and the waitstaff is aloof, almost bitchy.I'm aware that this review has turned into a bit of a rant.  The fact is, as I mentioned earlier, I've had two bad experiences there before.  I'll spare you the details.  I am hoping this review will serve as a reminder to myself in the future: Erin, it doesn't matter how hungry you are or how much people try to talk you into Lulu's.  Don't cave.  Hold out for Rose Tea or anything, really--anything else.  DON'T DO IT.
2	As a Singaporean who stays in Pittsburgh for 5 years... I'm always trying to look out for decent Chinese food especially around campus area.  I dont hate lulu but some of their dishes can be really bad. I always wonder why every chinese eateries has Singapore rice noodles on their menu? Where did this come from??? JUST Don't ever order Singapore rice noodles anywhere including lulu. There is absolutely nothing "Singaporean" in that plate. It's so horrible. And I swear that you can't find it in Singapore.Lulu's really not fantastic. But I go there because it's near to school. And at least they have some decent dishes. Their yong chow fried rice or Korean fried rice  are quite tasty, a little on the oily side but it taste great. Other than this I don't eat any other dishes from there.
2	I think the trick to getting non-chunky taro bubble tea here is to request it as a smoothie--which, not surprisingly, means upping the price.  If you're in Oakland and in the mood for some greasy noodles (sometimes I actually am), Lulu's can be all right.  The menu is pretty clear on which dishes can be made vegetarian, which I appreciated.  I don't really expect authenticity with a Pan-Asian place, so I'd go with dishes that are less "traditional," like the chow fun or the pan-fried noodles.  Big portions, pretty fast.Don't think I need to mention the service here--other people have covered that.  It'd be nice, though, if when you ordered the taro bubble tea (non-smoothie), that they'd warn you that the drink came with taro bits.  I've never had a taro bubble tea anywhere else that wasn't smooth (other than the boba).  But I guess I shouldn't expect that, given the general quality of service here.
4	This was one among the first places i visited,when i attended CMU.It's located on Craig St,and gives you a chance to jump to someother restaurant if you don't like it.But i am sure you wouldn't have done that,the food is good and i am a great fan of their noodle bowls.Their chicken dishes are yummy and my friend did complaint that she found shrimps in her veggie plate,so watch out for that!!   I do end up going there for lunch or dinner,as its a walking distance from CMU.And yes the name again attracted me.Has anyoneswatched the cartoon "Little Lulu"??  Then watch it and all you would sing is "Little lulu little lulu..".It would actually be weird+hilarious if they played that cartoon in this place.Three cheers to Lulu!!!!-Smriti
3	Is what it is.Better, fresher, cheaper, and more filling then any fast Asian-based food place.Not authentic, but it's not the type of place to go where you expect authentic, so all-in-all, I do indeed like it.
1	dear lulu, what's happened to you? you used to be *the* refuge for my asian food fix but your food leaves something to be desired lately.  dr fu's noodles has way too much salt; noodle bowls are only ok (you're a noodle place, after all - no excuses for being less than stellar), the bibimbop looks like a medley of canned products and tastes like it.i really *want* to like you...you do have a great menu selection, terrific drinks, very cool vibe, great location and efficient waitstaff but something in the kitchen really needs to change, please, please?i hate to say but...it's not me, it's you.
4	Great food & an interesting little joint. Very popular among Pitt students.  Only 4 stars bc service is regularly pretty bad.  The food still makes it worth the $ of admission.
2	Lulu's serves pretty bad food but they have a genius business model.  All they did was take the normal chinese food distribution model--those tiny bits of pork with the red outside and brown inside, general tso's fried maxo, greasy noodles--but glazed it over with a bit more of a college aesthetic.  You know, a menu with a bigger font, pop music blasting (which is actually kind of great), and non-drab, colorful decor. Service is slow, like your momma slow.
5	Lulus Noodles is a great place to eat with good quick food. The staff (especially Anetti) is extremely friendly and will welcome you by name if you are a frequent visitor. Hands down, their bubble tea smoothies are the best i have ever had. I've had quite a few in the area and various cities, and theirs is still my favorite!
1	Food is kinda tired - but not as tired as the people that work there.  Everyone who works here has soo much attitude its beyond belief.1.  Get over yourself2.  The pho is horrible3.  Horrible Horrible musicLife is too short to be rude all the time.  I actually stopped going there because everyone who works there is sooo rude & all I order is takeout...
3	LuLu's is a fave of the University crowd in Pittsburgh, because it's convenient to several of the neaby schools, it's cheap, and it's good.  It's noisy and filled with the 20-somethings you would expect to find in a college town, but there were indeed enough of those of us who are, let's say -- not-a-20-something -- to feel comfortable, Menu has lots of choices that are familiar asian fare, and they are apparently known for their noodle dishes.  Hubby and I decided on a pork and chicken entree respectively, which were both surprisingly good, considering how inexpensive they were.  You also get more than enough food to satisfy a ravinous appetite, which we both had.  The "kids" had the General Tso chicken and a terriyake chicken dish which they proclaimed were deelish!LuLu's also had a nice selection of fruit smoothie style drinks, and they looked yummy.  Atmosphere is a litte frantic and the place is quite noisy, so it's not the place for a date, but if you are hungry, don't have a lot of dough and want something quick and tasty, LuLu's is a very good bet!
3	Food is meh... the noodles are just ok, I've never really been a fan. This place gets busy during lunch/dinner times, and it gets really loud. Some people swear by Lulu's, but I'd much rather go to Little Asia (right across the street).Why this gets an extra star in my book: the bubble tea! Yummm. Not "great" bubble tea for boba connoisseurs out there, but I definitely got hooked. Over the summer, I had bubble tea here 2-5 times a week (yikes!) My favorite: mango ice with bubbles and no sugar. Request no sugar if you don't want to be overwhelmed by sweetness! It's really good as it is. They use fresh fruit and everything. The smoothies are a little too heavy IMHO because they mix in icecream, but the ices are so good, especially on a hot day. And the bubbles are so fun to chew on! Anyway, I was so happy to find this after trying the bubble tea at Orient Express, which is definitely inferior (& more expensive).
3	Good noodle bowls, very bad curry. The menu is huge and is all over the place with chinese/japanese/thai dishes, so it's always a hit or miss unless you're getting something you had before. Crab rangoon was bad, it consisted of only sweet cream cheese... where were the crab stick pieces??The bubble tea is great: soft, chewy tapioca and a few different flavors to choose from. The coconut milkshake I tried was also really good.The ambiance is like a school cafeteria, lots of tables, not very clean and pretty bare, the noise travels well here.
3	The current 3 star average is about right. I have not had the bubble tea here on any of my visits so I cannot comment on that. It seems to be a popular item though. The noodles are only ok. I've been somewhat all over the menu: pho, pad thai, fried noodles / lo mein. Decent for the speed and feel of a restaurant like this, but nothing stellar.
4	Their Hot and Sour soup is made, as they say, with a lot of different ingredients. They aren't kidding, the soup is phenomenal. I finished a soup to go and I literally want to drive all the way back and get more.I also had the Spicy Basil noodle plate. It was okay; it was a very large dish and very full of noodles. I wasn't all too impressed, but it was very filling.
4	Really good crab rangoons.  Lots of choices of bubble tea.I almost always get the Signapore rice noodles or the Pad Thai.Since it's in Oakland, you're going to see quite a few students.  Sometimes it can be noisy during busy hours.
1	Yuck, yuck, yuck. Awful 90's decor, worse music of all eras, curt service and terrible food. I had the Spicy Basil noodle plate which tasted like Ragu on rice noodles. Cannot remember what my companion ordered but it tasted strange and made me glad for my own dish. Veggies from cans and packages. Chairs, Nasa rejects? I'm pretty sure the busboy is a serial killer.
1	Hmm.  Why do people eat here? I guess they get their 1 star for convenience...  Other than that, *shrug*.  Though I never had their bubble tea.
1	Blek! Not only did the server take 15+ minutes to take our order, I had a crusty fork, and the salt shaker on our table had a dried noodle attached to it. I've had way better Asian food, and worked in Irvine, CA for ten years, so my standards are high, admittedly. My Ma Po Tofu tasted like it came out of a can. My friend's veggie Pho had bland soup base, and canned mushrooms, that's a killer for me right there.If you want really good Pho, go to Tram's or Pho Mihn on Penn in Lawrenceville. For suburb sushi, try Chaya in Sq. Hill. And for good Korean, go to Sushi Kim's in the Strip.  In fact, I think any Asian place in Pittsburgh, would be better than going here. Or just save a few bucks, and get a package of Ramen at the grocery store and add an egg to it. Even that's better than the so called noodles at Lu Lu's!
4	Nice place.. super-convenient for CMU peopleFood quality tends to vary.. but I have had some really good meals hereVegetarian friendly... and awesome bubble-teasIn terms of service, its like a campus restaurant.. which isn't really a problem for most of us
3	I go here regularly for their Pad Thai or their Chicken Lo Mein. The food is consistently pretty good. But aside from one nice person I know personally, their staff is often unfriendly. I usually just order take-out because of the vibe.
3	The food here is good.  The customer service is not.  The dining area is average.  Would I eat here again?  Yep.Food is good and the portions are pretty good.  I also tried their banana smoothie and I liked it.  Boba could use a lil more flavor.  Overall, I enjoyed my meal.  We sat there staring at each other for a while until a waitress finally came by.  She also didn't come back until it was time to give us our check.Overall, the food and price are good enough reasons for me to come back.
4	Awesome shrimp pad Thai, quick delivery.
2	Maybe I didn't pick the best dish but my wonton noodle soup was super salty.  My bubble milk tea on the other hand was overly sweet and badly complimented my overly salty wonton noodles.  The average service here is typical of a Chinese restaurant (don't expect someone to check in on you but you'll get the basics).  The variety of menu looks enticing with a good variety of Asian dishes (Chinese, Thai, Korean) and the price is decent for the portion that you get.  Unfortunately, I won't be coming back here again.
3	Maybe I'm spoiled living in Asian-noodle heaven northern California, but the food here didn't cut it for me. I got the Lard Nar BBQ Pork, which was too sweet and tasted like MSG. The texture of the noodles was all right - slightly chewy and moderately dense. My friend's "kimchi fried rice" looked like regular fried rice with maybe three pieces of kimchi - a travesty to my Korean senses.This restaurant's saving grace is the reasonable price range, which is probably why it's so crowded all the time. If I were a hungry CMU or U of Pittsburgh student craving Asian food, I'd probably come here regularly, but otherwise, I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
1	I went with a teryaki rice bowl, and it just wasn't quite right.  The chicken was ok, but whatever type of sauce was they used tasted like a supersaturated salt /soy sauce solution.  It was not good.I didn't expect great service, and I wasn't wrong.Would I come here again? No.  Never.
4	Best strawberry bubble drinks (smoothies or teas) I've ever had, hands down, no question. (And I've had a lot!) Other than that, the dishes are delish, the portions are huge, and the menu has a great variety. Yes, the food is a little greasy (but thus very tasty), and the service is hit or miss... Still, for those of us who were/are students in the Oakland area, Lulu's is a beloved staple.
3	The food is good. The prices are good. The service usually leaves something to be desired that's why I usually order take out. I love hot & sour soup but for some reason, they are usually "out" when I try to order it (usually around 6p).Bottom line, you get what you pay for.
3	I think this place is pretty tasty.  And I've never really noticed problems with service.  Maybe I'm just not looking hard enough for all of these faults that everyone else finds here...?
1	To be honest, Lulu does not deserve any stars. The food here is mediocre at best. The food is either too bland or overly salty. The waiters/waitress here have an attitude and are very impolite. Sometimes they forget to bring utensils, napkins, or plates. One time they pretty much forgot to bring me my food. It also takes me a lot of effort for a waiter/waitress to pour me water every time. The cashier yelled at me once for using a credit card. It might just be my personal opinion, but I feel like the staffs are nicer to white customers than Asian customers. Also, Rose Tea Cafe has the best bubble tea in Pittsburgh, not Lulu's.
3	Not really a fan of this place, the food is just average. It's basically just very Americanized Asian food. There is nothing bad about it, it's just that there is nothing great about it either. Pass on the thai tea here, not that good. I find the food to be a bit bland - portions are very good, everything is about 10 bucks and you will have enough to fill yourself and take a bit home for later. Being close to CMU it is very convenient - only reason I use to go.
2	Service: I wasn't sure about LuLu's when I arrived. The hostess was impatient and raised her voice when inquiring if we wanted a table even after we have confirmed that we did. We were seated promptly and provided with utensils and waters with our orders taken pretty quickly afterwards. We waited a while for the bill which took multiple promptings, but eventually were able to pay and leave. Although it was good for a quick meal, it was not a particularly satisfying dining experience.Food: It was a skeptical moment to see such a wide variety of dishes at such low prices because quality becomes a factor (dishes between $6-$8). Skepticism was confirmed when the meals arrived. I ordered the Thai Curry Chicken and was not particularly impressed with the dish. It had the richness from the coconut milk, but it was a bit too sweet and the green beans tasted strange (as if old and past its freshness date). Onions were undercooked and chopped too largely that it conflicted with the texture of the dish. All in all, it was way off the mark. My brother ordered an udon dish with beef, but I was surprised to see that they added ground beef bits in it instead of slices  which to me communicated poor attention to details and choice of ingredients. Atmosphere: Very loud and chattery. Great for college students, large groups and families, but definitely not for a first date sort of deal or for lunch meetings (much too loud). Fake Asian decor and some aspects of the upkeep of the place were questionable (peeling wallpaper covered with plexi-glass bolted to it)
3	I've eaten here twice. The first time, the food wasn't particularly good. The second time, the food was average, but not particularly exceptional. Lulus still gets three stars, though, because it's inexpensive and the bubble tea & bubble smoothies are delicious.
3	Extremely popular with students.  Large menu, including a variety of bubble teas, and prices are reasonable.  The food is neither authentic nor sophisticated, but can definitely fulfill a carb craving.  I ate here several times on a trip to Pittsburgh, and was satisfied every time, especially by the wide rice noodles (chow fun).  The pad thai stands out as being strange in my memory; it seemed underseasoned, completely unlike other pad thais I have had, and I would not recommend ordering it.
5	Great food, great prices.  My friends and I go here for lunch every time we're in town.  My recommendations: Hong Kong Chow Fun Beef, Wonton Braised Noodles, and the Dr. Fu Special.  All of these dishes are around $7!  They also have good bubble tea here (lots of different kinds, too).
4	Noodles are pretty easy to make, but sometimes you just need a cheap, big lunch. Lulu's is the place for that. Sure, I can make better noodle dishes myself--but can I do it on my lunch break?I have had both the Pad Thai and the Singapore Curry Noodles. What they lack in authenticity they make up in volume! I really enjoyed both dishes. There are vegetarian options for almost everything--you can get tofu instead of meat. The Szechuan green beans also look good, and I plan on getting that next time.Do not go expecting a great "restaurant experience." It's a very loud undergraduate-infested type of place. This is a delight best sampled between classes or as takeout.The lunch specials are very reasonably priced, and I plan to take advantage.
4	Giving it another star.  The honey chicken has to be the best tasting fried chicken I've ever had.  I'm also in love with the beef chow fun.  I'm definitely coming back to try out other dishes.This place won't ever get 5 stars from me though.  I went back a few times and one time I remember the place being horrible messy.  Granted, it was a bit busy but having food all over the floor isn't acceptable.  A group of people got placed at a table with bunch of food on the ground.  They reluctantly sat there.  I definitely know I wouldn't have.
1	i was never a particularly big fan of LuLu's, but after my most recent visit I don't really have any interest in returning. My boyfriend and I ordered drinks (waters, diet coke) and then quite a while later, the waitress returned to take our food order without bringing drinks. A good while passed during which no one even came to check on us so that we could remind them that we needed drinks, then our food arrived. Without drinks.I ordered a vegetable dish in which tofu is offered as a replacement for meat. The dish arrived with about four small pieces of tofu. The vegetables were bland and salty. I left hungry.The prices aren't bad, but it really shows in the quality-- it's not one of those hole-in-the-wall, well-kept secret type place. There is a reason why the prices are cheap. The food is not plentiful nor high quality, and the service is terrible. The only thing really going for it is the bubble tea.I'm really laid back about waitresses being busy, but there were not many people in the restaurant. And we didn't get our drinks until our meals were nearly finished.
4	I'm spoiled.. I live in Asian Central of Northern California and can drive in any direction to find good Asian cuisine. However, as a Pittsburgh native, I know Pittsburgh doesn't share the same luxury.Lulu's actually has decent food. I usually get the chicken chow fun, which always pleases my taste buds when I'm across the country from home and I'm fiending for some Asian food. I've also tried the Pad Thai, which is good as well. Big portions, cheap, and pretty good. However, the service is nothing special.. you won't see waiters rushing over to fill your water cup.
2	My friends and I came to visit this joint, after having tried Orient Express the week before.  We got very similar items at both locations: that is, I got a wonton noodle soup, and my friends got a pad thai and mapo-type thing with pork and rice.The waters came out promptly, but given the emptiness of the restaurant around 9PM, it took them a good 25 minutes to come out with our food that was essentially on par, if not worse than Orient Express.  Given that our choices may not have been Lulu's forte (besides my noodles, which should have been better given their restaurant name), the ma-po dish did not resemble ma-po at all.  the sauce was light brown, and everything in there was diced, and as my friend described, despite his request to have it "extra spicy", the dish did not even turn out to be any spicier than any other brown-sauced generic dishes, such as hunan chicken and szechuan chicken (i still don't know the difference between the two dishes to this day, at least by the way i've tasted it when cooked in the US).  My wontons had obviously been freezerburned, as the skin was thin, translucent, and falling apart.i will probably try this place in the future and try their other dishes.  I have heard that their smoothies are pretty awesome, so I shall try that next time. Coming soon: an update review!
4	This is a noodle bar place - not a Chinese restaurant. At times the kitchen can get backed up - especially late at night. Some of the staff does not speak English very well - but I don't speak Chinese either so fair enough.Meals are fresh cooked - always hot and good. Spice is adjusted for the american palette - but ask and they will spice it up!!!I am a regular fan of LuLu's Pan Fried Noodles with Pork - hot oil on the side. Egg roll and Hot n' Sour Soup. Friend really likes there seaweed salad. Wife is a regular consumer of Crab Rangoon and Udon soup with fish balls (pasty, dough/fish concoction).At lunch - order at the counter, pay, get a table and wait... Evenings - sit down with waitress - can be very busy at times - big student population.Go and enjoy - just have a leisurely visit with someone special. Largest obstacle - street parking is hard to find...
3	I went again last night, and tried one of their noodle dishes with BBQ pork.  I don't know what it is that always mysteriously attracts me to BBQ pork these days, even at places where they're not even tasty.  The noodle dish was still mediocre, but as promised, i tried out one of their drinks. I ordered the mango smoothie, and wanted to put boba in there, but they had run out for the evening.  they offered jelly instead, and it was actually pleasantly surprising.  So tasty that I actually decided that I'll be ordering jelly from now on.  the jelly they use are assorted types of jelly, including almond a few other ones (colored clear, red, etc).  this will most likely remain a staple chinese joint for me given its location and good drinks!  Perfect for an 85 degree day like today.....
1	Meh.Their tapioca is okay.Their general tso's chicken is okay.Their pho is terrible.  They don't even have hoisin sauce, sprouts, mint, limes, or anything else.  They also used the wrong noodles in the tasteless broth.  Sighs!Edit:Tried Lulu's again.  I've decided that I'm not coming back anymore, and I'll never understand why it's so packed all the time.  I got the Pad Thai and the Thai Curry.  The Thai Curry was okay, but the Pad Thai was the grossest thing I have ever seen.  It looked like someone had vomited it out, plated it, and then served.  The noodles were over cooked and floated in a bath of sweet syrupy soup.  Yeah.  Gross.
4	Oh, college. When I think back on off-campus food, this place was perhaps the definition of what one looks for first. Dirt cheap price-to-portion ratio, convenient to campus, and good food (albeit with some land mines on the menu). My roommate always got noodles, or the ma po tofu. I never got in to noodles as much, and had several staples (including the ma po tofu) within the entrees. The pork was my meat of choice. The other meats were hit or miss.The bubble tea and smoothies were also pretty good. The tapioca was usually cooked correctly. One of the drink-makers once concocted me a milk tea with a bit of coffee in it which was incredible. I can get better bubble tea in Houston but this was the best I had in Pittsburgh.Four stars once you figure out your list of things you like here.
2	Lulu's is mediocre at best.  I never understood why the place is always so crowded when there are so many better alternatives on that street (like, little asia).  Every time I've eaten there, it's been a bit of a disappointment and never a memorable thing.The only semi-redeeming quality of this place is that the bubble tea is pretty good.
1	I tried the pan fried crispy noodles with chicken and the pad thai.  Both were disgusting! I actually had to return the pan fried noodles because it was not edible.
5	These 5 stars are for the crab rangoon, which is the only thing I've ever eaten on the menu. Yup. It's that good.
3	Honestly, just get the lo mein and the bubble tea. Everything else is going to be on the fair-to-middling end of things.Egg rolls, greasy. Fried rice, good sometimes, dry others. BBQ pork was sorta good, sort of wtf. Tofu, awful and soggy. Lo Mein? Delicious.I have loved LuLu's since I was a kid in high school, but honestly after 4 years in Oakland, it is not my go-to at all.BUT, if you're around and you decide to stop by, GET THE BUBBLE TEA.
5	The BEST bubble smoothies I have ever tried!  My favorite is the peach and the strawberry is delicious as well :)The variety of food they have there is also amazing :) I like the pad thai there although I wish the spice level would be higher.
2	I agree the bubble drinks are very good, but I need more than that when going out for dinner. I order Pad Thai every chance I get and this was not good. There was very little tofu which was ok considering it was soggy and tasteless anyway. Overall, it was inferior to other local restaurants I have tried.
4	LOVE Lulu's!  I've tried almost half the menu and have loved it all.  The small eats are perfect appetizers and the bowls are HUGE!  The service can be slow and the atmosphere can be loud and hectic, but it's worth it for the quality of the food.  The Sliced Chicken Noodle Bowl is my old standby - a dish I've been eating since 2000 and it's never let me down!  The bubble tea smoothies are the best I've ever had.
1	This place is nasty. I seriously don't understand why anyone would like this place. Even for "Americanized Chinese" standards, there are still better options.Bubble Tea - Flavored with Corn Syrup, can't you tell? I can when I unwittingly bought a Strawberry and Mango (for a friend) it was so artificially sweet it burned my throat. Definitely not good bubble tea. And definitely not worth the price.Donated to some drunk friends who could stand drinking it.Food - Lucky me got suckered into someone's birthday dinner here... Being their birthday, I had to go and pretend to enjoy it. (Had I known we were going here, my skeptical experience over the bubble tea would have made me formulate a dramatic excuse.) I ordered a noodle dish and a tofu dish for the table (ma po tofu, I believe). Noodles were very dry. And tasteless. And they're known for their noodles? That just makes me incredibly sad. Nothing good to say about the tofu. If you want good tofu, go to Little Asia across the street. No comparison.Service - All the ladies here are impossible to flag down. "Bad" service is staple to a good Chinese place quite frankly, but if someone is waving their hand wildly for the bill for half an hour... Well, that's why this place is so seemingly crowded all the time. Better to just get up and fetch it yourself from the counter btw.Don't be fooled - this place is baAAAAaaaaAAd.Here are some local alternatives: Rose Tea Cafe, Little Asia, KaMei.If this review hurt the feeling of some local fans, take a vacation to SF, LA, or NYC Flushing sometime, you will understand the 1 and 2 starred reviewers' pains.
4	This place is great if you want Asian food that is good and consistent. I always get the szechuan chicken bowl, tom kah soup, and crab rangoon. It's cheap and delicious.
3	Good stuff.  The food comes out fast, and it's tasty.  You may need to apply lots of Sriracha to make some of the less popular items more palatable, but for the most part, this place has good eats.
2	It's ok for what it is, cheap and simple; $44 fed five (including three fruit-smooth/bubble-teas).The rice noodles were undercooked (I didn't even think it was possible to undercook rice noodles, so I consider Lulu's a first).  The pork in my soup was overcooked and chewy.  The soup broth itself was incredibly bland before adding the readily available condiments such as soy sauce and chili sauce.  From what I could tell, Lulu's uses the same broth for all of their soups.  I wouldn't order their soup again.The smoothie/bubble-tea was below average, contained real fruit but also contained the usual bubble-tea power mix; it was nothing special (I've had much better bubble-tea even without adding real fruit to the mix).  I'd drink it again in a pinch but would rather search elsewhere.The service was terrible and for that alone I wouldn't return.  They weren't busy, there were employees standing around chatting and yet we waited almost fifteen minutes from the time our plates were collected before we had the bill.I'm not sure how they compare to other Asian restaurants in Pittsburgh, but compared to Vancouver/Seattle/San Francisco... I'd say that the quality of food at Lulu's was about on par with the (relatively better) ramen noodles available at Asian grocery stores (the pre-packaged kind that is packaged moist, not the dehydrated crap available at Giant Eagle for twenty cents).  Compared to the average Asian restaurant that I'm used to, Lulu's was a major disappointment.
1	I got the lunch special, it was terrible. Vegetables were inconstantly cooked and bland. Meat seemed low quality. Stick to the noodles.
1	Actually one star is still too high to them. I would be to give zero star, if applicable.First of all, their service is very awful. Every time I went there, I felt bad. All the servers in there are very unkind and never smile to their customers. If I want to ask something, I have to call them at least three times. When there is miscommunication or they couldn't understand what I said, they yelled at me. I had been there five years ago and due to the disappointing services and because we found dead fly in my friend's dish (and didn't apologize for that, when we complained about that nasty fly), I didn't go back. However, today I was starving and want to have Pat Thai so bad. I couldn't find anywhere else (Little Asia didn't accept credit card under $10). Therefore, I went there and I realized that there is nothing changed. To me, it is amazing that they're still running their business. In addition, food is not that impressive to endure their awful service. Until other people have different kind of Pat Thai, I didn't know that there is another option I can choose. I won't go back this restaurant never again.To summery, very awful and unkind service and unimpressive food. Highly un-recommendable.
3	I've eaten at Lulu's Noodles two times now, and have mixed feelings about the food.  The restaurant itself has a very casual and atmosphere, during lunch you order at the counter, as most of its patrons are Pitt/Carnegie Mellon students.  The restaurant is clean and spacious, and the service is wonderful. As it is a pan-Asian restaurant, don't expect  its food to very authentic to any particular region... I was very surprised as what was passed off as "pho" the first time I ate there.  It was certainly not anything like what you would get at an actual Vietnamese restaurant- the broth was bland and I think they used the wrong kind of noodles, and it didn't come with lime/lemon.  I should have known better. I did however LOVE their pad thai- which was also not very authentic- no tamarind paste etc.  It was good though because I was craving a carb fest.  So all in all, I'd give it three stars, they have their own interpretations of classic Asian dishes, and whether their interpretations of them are good or not is a crap shoot.
4	I appreciate Lulu's Noodles for what it is - a cheap place for some grub that's not half bad!  Sure, it's not 5-star cuisine, but it's not trying to be.  It's cheap pan asian food and sometimes you just got a hankerin for it.  The Tom Kha soup is tasty and while I usually get the Spicy Basil Noodles, I actually think they should call them "Sweet, No Basil, Noodles".  But for $6 something - I'm not going to complain.  They definitely cater to the demographic in the area, but if your around the area and looking for some inexpensive asian place rather than going to Subway's or Quiznos - then check it out.  It won't cost you much!
4	I really like Lulu's noodles.Most of the time I'm there I get the Lo Mein with Chicken. It's always pretty delicious. I did one time opt for Calamari in my Lo Mein instead of chicken and I was very disappointed. It was extremely rubbery and almost inedible. Lesson learned.Although I had the issue with the Calamari, I've never had any other problems with Lulu's (especially the service, which seems to be often complained about) and will continue to go there when I'm in the neighborhood.
4	DA-Liciuos!we love it there!
2	Lowest in my rankings for Chinese food on Craig street. Go to Little Asia or Orient express - MUCH better than Lulu's.
1	Even college students with no money should not be subjected to such horrible food. This place is really horrible. I went for lunch with a bunch of friends and the looks on their faces when the food came out was comical. We were each trying to process what was on our plates. They still dove in, as did I, but my fork was brought to a halt after first bite.I ordered a cup of the tom kha gai and the cold peanut noodles. The soup was tasteless. Usually spicy coconut soup is a) spicy, and 2) tastes like coconuts and lemongrass. This tasted like water. The peanut noodles were the correct consistency but the sauce resembled those cheap sauces in the microwave Thai meals you can buy at the supermarket - too much vinegar and mustard and not enough peanut and spice. I tried a bit of my friends' yellow curry and it was equally abhorrent. It tasted like they took a bottle of yellow mustard and threw in a few chili peppers and that was it. Do yourself a favor and skip this place.
4	Visiting Pittsburgh, we were looking for a cheap and quick fix for our hunger. We came across this noodle shop near the library. It was rather cold at the time and soup sounded delish! It took them a while to make our food even though it was not that busy. Their selections in food varied, which may or may not be a good thing. The service was decent and the atmosphere was bright and open. Their green tea was not what I had anticipated however, but it was nice way to get some warmth in my hungry tummy at the time. As far as the food quality goes, i would definitely say I've had far better ramen, but for the price I suppose it would suffice. This definitely would not be the first restaurant that I would suggest to people, but for their uber cheap price, you cant go wrong.
3	good, cheap food.  horrible service.  sometimes super-crowded.
1	It has recently come to my attention that there is an homage to Lulu's in Fallout 3, which makes sense, as the post-apocalypse is the only setting in which I could imagine myself enjoying their food.  The food ranges from the barely mediocre Chinese to a few perverse interpretations of pan-Asian fare.  (For example, their Pad Thai, which is a soupy, syrupy-sweet, noodley mess.)They even somehow manage to spoil the simple pleasure of bubble tea: their tea is heavy, and seems to be creamed with coconut milk (which seems like a good idea until you've had two sips and are full).
2	I don't see what all the hype is about. There is nothing special about this restaurant, it is mediocre at best. The meat is dry and flavorless and dishes all taste the same and are unauthentic.  The service is also poor. The drinks however, are worth buying.
4	Lulu's Noodles is a great place to meet a group of people. The atmosphere is fun, and because it's sort of Americanized, even pickier eaters should be able to find something to enjoy. I love the vegetable egg rolls and Japanese eggplant!! The prices are very reasonable as well, which is perfect. It's in a nice location, right near the library, Caliban Books, and Phantom of the Attic.
4	good. not the best pad thai but get the pan fried noodles.  CHEAP!
2	Cafeteria Korean, Thai, and Chinese culinary low end. The menu has many options and after trying many of them I have come to the conclusion that the food is half-assed in authenticity but more a place to grab something quick for college students who want cheap food without the fuss, and may not know of better restaurants. Slow bad service, kind of dirty, stale environment.I'm not a big fan of Chinese food to begin with so I have gone for the noodle Thai dishes more often. I don't even know why I kept going back besides my ex really liked General Tso's chicken and would grab takeout on his way home from work.These were all bland boring, nothing special and never ordered again.Sweet and sour chicken, shrimp-NOSpicy Basil- all spice, could taste nothing elseDr. Fu special-never get seafood hereBelow were the items that were just OK. No complaints but no accolades either.Cucumber salad- not so badPad Thai-Frozen pad Thai is betterSingapore Rice noodles- flavorless chicken, sauce do-ableUhm so horrible, the meat was that chewy gristle kind that you spit out into the napkin.Sesame cold noodles-worms in peanut butter sauceLard Nar Bbq pork-gummy noodles like eating mushPho-worst ever nothing like good pho, bad brothThe bubble smoothies are really good except I can't stand the tapioca fish egg consistency. No bubbles for me, and no more Lulu's either.
3	Lulu is average.  Some good dishes, some mediocre ones. They have a wide range of dishes to suit every diet and taste.  Personally, I think the Orient Express next door is a better value and tastier, but Lulu's is a decent and reasonably priced little college noodle hut.
4	One of my great pet peeves about restaurant talk is the pretentious "it's not authentic" comment. I know a high school spanish teacher who is continually sniping at my enthusiasm for a few local Am-Mex dives because he's travelled to Mexico and knows what is "authentic." As far as I see it, if it is food you can taste and digest, it's "authentic." Plastic Grapes are not authentic, for example. Canned ravioli IS authentic.Lulu's serves food of Asian origin, evolved to reflect the character of the proprietors and staff. It is from Pittsburgh, not Pyong Pinghu. And it's delicious. I couldn't give a cat's butt about faithfulness to it's heritage, not when I'm having little pleasure tremors as each bite of the szechuan bowl's peanutty cilantro goodness hits my tongue.I've never had a bad dish here--no one in my family has. The soups are fantastic, especially the Tom Kha Kai. Even the mighty General Tso, Emperor of Inauthenticity, seems better here. My kid loves that stuff and--hells bells I'm not that proud--so do I. I always pinch a couple bites, and have noted that the chicken here is several steps above the skanky cuts most asian places use--no fat clots, no gristle and tendons, and that's saying something.The frozen fruit drinks are fantastic. Mango are my favorites. The wife and kid #1 had pineapple and watermelon--pineapple tasted good, but the watermelon tasted just like an acutal watermelon, no "wow" explosion of taste.Service was brisk, but not brusque.  Give it a shot. You won't be sorry.
2	We stopped by LuLu's since it was close to the CMU campus and we were hungry. There is ample seating which was nice so we sat immediately. I was very excited to see the selection on their menu and decided to order one of my favorites - singapore noodles. While the noodles were at least (light) yellow, the flavoring of the spices was barely there, which was unfortunate. *insert sad face* In addition to that we shared a mango bubble tea but it tasted like the maker elbowed in a can of heavy syrup. On the flip side my boyfriend enjoyed his wonton soup and my chow foon the second time around was just okay but better than the singapore noodles. The food is cheap but I wouldn't take the initiative of coming here. It makes sense that they are near universities and cater to college students though. Their food is mediocre at best but service has been okay.
4	First note:  If the reviewer's hometown ends in ", CA", don't trust the review.  Stuffy declarations about the authenticity of the food are waaaaay out of context in this scenario.  And listen, stuck-up Californians: I used to live in WUHAN, CHINA and I like it.  So shut up.  It's not authentic, and that's the point.Lulu's is cheap.  Let us not forget this.  Your table might be a little sticky, the place may be a little loud, and the decor may be a little goofy, but if you are here and you know what you're getting into, you know there will be a delicious abundance of carbohydrates headed your way for very little money.  I've read a lot of accusations that the staff there is rude.  I haven't seen this at all, having now been there a number of times.Singapore Rice Noodles is what you get when you go to Lulu's... if you're me.  There are probably other things that are really tasty, too, but the Singapore Noodles are consistently recommended by everyone I talk to about this place.I've never had the bubbletea.  I'm not really a sweet-drinks kind of fellah.  I'm sure I'll try it someday, though.Go here for a quick, cheap bite.  Don't listen to the naysayers.
2	I will give this two stars now that I have finished CMU, but while I was there I would have considered giving it three. This place is there for students and it is good for that. The food is cheap and passable. Service is slow but usually friendly.It is pretty much just your basic Pan-Asian place nothing to special about it. I would go there a good bit when I was at CMU and was on campus late working. The slow service was a good excuse to take a long break from work. If you are going to go I would recommend the noodle soups and the crab Rangoon, but neither are worth more then a quick walk over from CMU.
2	not like what I expect
3	This place just gives off mediocrity like a bad stench.  It was bustling when I stopped by here recently for lunch - must be the decent prices, quick service, large portions, and central location.  Lulu's is not a bad place, don't get me wrong, just don't expect authenticity or anything beyond normal Americanized Asian fast food.  I had the Friday lunch special - the "chicken wing appetizer" or whatever was noooo good, and consisted of 2 wings placed awkwardly on the same platter as me overdrenched beef szechuan.  Or, what I thought was supposed to be beef szechuan.  The funny thing is, there was no spice kick to it whatsoever.The redeeming quality was my friend's seaweed salad, which was delicious!  Covered in yummy sesame oil.  I'm sure there are other hidden gems on the menu, but I didn't find any.  Come here if you're in the mood for a huge MSG kick during your class lunch break, if you're short on time or money, or if you just want to avoid the even-worse places in the area.
4	Lulu's is a dependable place to get decent asian food at a pretty cheap price. There's nothing fantastic about any single aspect of the place, but it's good enough and cheap enough to be a mainstay for the university populations.
4	I love the pan fried noodles with chicken. The sauce is delicious and just enough of the noodles are crispy. I think it's actually the only main dish I've ever ordered there because I love it so much. The service is consistently slow and I've been there a few times when they've mixed up orders. One time, I was there with as part of a party of 4. They gave my dish to another group, gave me the wrong dish and it took them like half an hour for them to get me my food. Meanwhile, the rest of my group was finishing up by the time I got mine. It was infuriating.Food - consistently awesome - 5 starsService - sooooo sllooooowwww - 1-2 stars
2	If you are looking for any type of Asian food, you are not going to find it here.  What you are going to find is slightly overpriced mediocre food next to CMU which makes it popular for no particular reason. I have tried the pho (really sad) and the rice with duck which was decent, but was not butchered well.  Overall if you need something in the CMU area you can do a lot better and the service could use improvement as well.
5	Great food, very efficient and friendly service.
2	What was supposed to be Pad Thai ended up being some bland noodles drowned in a big mess of bean sprouts and tofu and may be oyser sauce. Fishy! more chum than Pad Thai. Chicken Noodle dish was mushy and reeked of rancidity and fish stock as well. Food order came in after no more than 2 minutes of placing the order. I really was wondering if he mixed our order with someone else's. Anyway, gave the usual tip because waitress was pleasent but not going back!
2	i was too kind before.  this place is a two.  and, honestly, it's a pretty weak two.last night, my girl and i tried to go to chinatown inn at about 8:55pm, assuming that it was open later than 9pm.  our bad - it closes at 9/9:30pm on wednesdays.  so, we scrapped that plan but still wanted some chinese food.  according to the yelp app, lulu's is open until 10pm - so, even though we were super-disappointed that we wouldn't be getting the amazing wonton soup at chinatown inn, we headed on over to oakland for some average noodles at average prices.when we walked in at 9:10pm, we were immediately told that we could order takeout but couldn't eat in the restaurant.  okay, fine.  understood -- the staff has to cut the line somewhere...but 50 minutes early?  anyway, we begrudgingly ordered our food.  it came out quickly...actually, before many people's dishes who were actually allowed to eat in the restaurant.  me and my doctor girlfriend?  we ate outside on a bench like hobos, keeping it real classy on craig street.  truly, we're not fancy people (remember: we go to ritter's at least once a week) -- so, we would have been fine with the whole situation had the food been good.  but, it was totally meh.  the chicken was rubbery.  the vegetables were flaccid (yes, flaccid).  and, the basil dish was spicy but not all that flavorful.sorry, lulu's.  i used to be ambivalent about you, which works for me when we're eating late and kinda desperate.  but, weird "service" and un-passable food.  meh sums it up.  we won't be returning anytime soon.
2	The food was average with some dishes below average.  I had to return one dish because it really tasted bad and they seemed anoyed.  They tried to tell me that kimchi is garlicky - as if I had never tasted it before. The reality is that the food tasted spoiled.  I wouldn't go back.
3	I've been here a few times.  The first time I got the Pad Thai.  It was ok... but a little too sweet for my taste, I'd prefer a more sour & spicy Pad Thai.  Next time I got Singapore Rice Noodles.  They were pretty tasty with a light curry flavor and nice pieces of chicken.  I love pan fried noodles.  Today I got Tom Kha Kai soup... sour & coconuty... nice pieces of chicken and mushrooms.  Yummy.  Good egg rolls.  My husband loves the Peking Sauce. He gets it over rice.  I haven't tried it yet.  So far the food isn't exceptional, but it's tasty, cheap, abundant and close to work!
2	My girlfriend was eager to go back to Lulu's as she was a regular during her days attending Art Institute of Pittsburgh. So it looked like a great place for an evening snack (not really a late night place). First the bad. I ordered the Korean bibimbap bowl with duck. The bowl was topped with kimchi and duck. The duck was greasy but tasty and the kimchi was a little dry. Beneath this thin layer of toppings was an iceberg size portion of rice. Too much rice. Now, I like rice, but I like rice with something to go with it. It's like eating plain bread, doesn't make sense, you need your pb & j to top your bread. Now the bowl was only $7, which explains all the rice, but still, give me something, anything, to sauce my rice.Now the good. I had a mango smoothy and some scallion pancakes. The mango smoothy was made from fresh mangos and definitely hit the spot. I'd get a big gulp of that next time. The scallion pancakes were the thinnest pancakes I've had. I've had medium thickness (my moms pancakes), thick pancakes (little dragons in Columbus, OH) and now thin. I really enjoyed the thin, easier to munch on and you taste the salt and oniony-ness more. The mango smoothie and scallion pancakes each earned the 2 stars for Lulu's. Maybe next time I'll just get mango smoothies and onion pancakes.
1	Terrible food!  I do cut this place some slack in that it's in a very busy college area of town and it's supposed to have quick food for cheap.  However, the food here is terrible.  The menu is huge (that's not good) and everything is high unauthentic.  How can you advertise something like pho on the menu and have it taste and look nothing like the dish from which it bares its name???  Noodle soup does not equal hot water (no flavor) and noodle plus some questionable pieces of meat.  I've gotten sick from eating other "Chinese" dishes here.  Overall, the food is just questionable.
3	I always get the Pad Thai. It's not wonderful but good enough for the price and super fast table service. The servers are pleasant and attentive. The acoustics are awful as it can be a bit hard to have a conversation. Lunch take-out is fast but the ladies behind the counter can be a bit short with you. Also, no credit cards at lunch.
4	I was looking for some good hot and sour soup (I think you can totally judge a restaurant by its ability to make Hot and Sour soup) and we ended up at this lovely little place. I can see it being a pain during peak hours/times due to parking and limited seating, but I kind of think its worth the wait.One - they put Sriracha sauce on every table.Two - the Hot & Sour soup is nomThree - they had crispy noodle dishes!!!I had the LuLu Pan Fried Noodles with pork. While I didn't really care for their pork, the pan fried noodles were deelish. I had these once in another Chinese restaurant in Durham, but I could never remember the name of the dish or how to describe it. I don't think LuLu's stands out as a particularly awesome Chinese restaurant, but it certainly wasn't bad. If you're looking for something that isn't too authentic, I'd totally recommend this place.
2	Was craving some Pho today. Being a Pho lover and having ate quite a bit of Pho in my lifetime, I must say the Pho was terrible. The Pho soup did not have the great beef flavor that is essential in every bowl of Pho. They did not put a lemon on the side and the beef in the bowl was already cooked and coated with some sort of slimy substance that made the meat more tender. My friend ordered the Szechuan noodle bowl and I had a bite of it and I must say it was much better. That being said, the Gyoza dumplings weren't that bad. As for service, there was none unfortunately... We had to wait for one of the staff members to clean the table next to us so we could get their attention for some more water and napkins. Very sub-par experience, but I will definitely return to give this place another shot. I will give it another review in the future.
4	Definitely a fan of Lulu's. First time there, we ended up ordering the Pan Fried Noodles with shrimp (deeelicious), hot and sour soup (really terrific), a pork dish (decent) and some other noodle dish with peanut sauce and chicken (very good). Coconut bubble tea rocked.
4	Since we have been attending a church in the Oakland neighborhood of Pittsburgh, our family has really been enjoying exploring the nearby restaurants after worship.This was my third visit to Lulu's.  My first visit, I went with the Pad Thai.  Same with the second visit.  Both times, the Pad Thai hit the spot and the price was definitely right.  This last visit was on a Sunday afternoon and every single table was taken.  Even with the packed restaurant, our order was taken quickly and the food arrived not too long after.  The only service hiccup was in trying to get our check and some to go boxes for our leftovers.For our family of 4, we ended up with:- Fried Wontons (kinda different, kinda good with the red bean filling)- Gyoza (never got one - the kids gobbled them up quickly)- Yeung Chow Fried Rice (the entree I ordered - very tasty, not too greasy, a little heavy on the onions)- Lard Nar BBQ Pork (my wife ordered this - I scored a bite and it was very good!)I don't claim to be an expert on Asian cuisine (though I happen to be Asian myself).  Lulu's has a pretty expansive menu that covers quite a few different countries.  Considering the scope and the low prices on the menu, I don't expect perfection.  This is cheap eats place that does what it does well.  I read a few of the other reviews of Lulu's and pleased that my experience has been completely different.  We'll be back...
4	Great pad thai and bubble smoothies. Service is okay.
2	I went to Lulu's last week with a bunch of my friends for dinner. The one plus side is that this place is really, really cheap. Unfortunately, that's one of the only good things.One of my friends told that the pad thai here is her absolute favorite. Well, since pad thai is one of my favorite foods of all time, I obviously had to try it. Firstly, it was really nothing like real pad thai. The sauce was dark brown (unlike pad thai sauce should be) and it was ridiculously sweet. If anything, it tasted more like pad see-ew. Also, I felt like I was nearly eating soup because my food was swimming in the sauce.My girlfriend got bibimbap, which is another dish we absolutely love. Traditionally it's served in a ceramic pot that keeps it cooking when you get it, and the pot is filled with delicious rice and vegetables and topped with kimchi and sides of delicious sauces and more kimchi. We got a bowl that was literally just steamed white rice and vegetables and maybe two little pieces of mediocre kimchi. Absolutely no seasoning or flavor. The sauce the served it with was ok, but it didn't make up for the lack of taste the rest of the food had. Oh, I did get a mango milk tea for dessert, and it was pretty good. It had hardly any tapioca pearls in it...I'm really not usually negative, but this place just didn't do it for me. I was really disappointed with my food.
2	Typical americanized Asian food that serves three stars. As a broke college student within walking distance of Lulu's, I continue to go there due to convenience and the sheer fact that it is exponentially better than college campus food. The problem I have with Lulu's is not the food itself (it is to be expected with the prices), but it is with the service. There is a definite inconsistency with the service, and at times, my friends and I are left waiting for someone to take our order for 20 minutes despite letting the hostess know how long we have been waiting. Or chasing down a waitress for more water. I don't know if they treat us like this because we are college students, but I feel that service is one of their biggest weakness. So come here if you want large portions for a fair price, and don't expect too good of service. But as long as I go to Carnegie Mellon, and I am broke, I will still go here!
2	I really want to like this place. But every time I go, thinking it's going to be better, I get disappointed. The food is just not very good. Their brown sauce is heavy, like gravy. Plus the service is almost nonexistent.
1	Terrible experience and we didnt even get to eat. Our server told the host to seat us and then the server waited on everyone but us. Other people sat minutes later and were taken care of and we waited patiently for 20 minutes with no service what so ever. We felt like no one was willing to wait on us and were offended. So after waiting for 20 minutes we walked out and will never go back.
4	Love Lulus! Who cares if it is authentic or not! I wonder what authentic "Asian" food is really? Lulus is fast Asian food... and furious...and cheap! It was a regular go-to lunch joint while I was in school in Oakland. The school days are behind me, but I still look for opportunities to go get a bite there when I can. I like their noodles, the rices, but the small plates are my fave. The pad thai is pretty decent (again, I don't know what authentic is, if it tastes good, I will eat it).The bubble tea, however, is not the best. The tapioca pearls are a little too hard for my liking. The actual tea part is delish!
4	I love the lunch specials, esp. the Thursday one that comes with an eggroll, ...good prices, and the soup/hot tea is great comfort food for when you're trying to keep warm and fight off a cold.
4	I had the spicy schezuan noodle bowl and it was great.
3	I would definitely agree with many of the other reviews-if you are looking for actual Asian food, you better look somewhere else.  If you are looking for a quick fix of salt, carbs, and oil, LuLu's is your best bet. The portions are pretty big, service is fast, and the food is relatively cheap. The lo-mein and singapore style noodles are pretty good.
4	I always get their yellow chicken curry rice bowl. It's SO good and they give you a ton do there's always leftovers. And their bubble tea is awesome. Lulu's is definitely a place you'll want to go back to again and again.
3	This popular college hangout is affordably priced with a menu including many Chinese and Thai favorites.  It's not meant to be fine cuisine, and it's not meant to be authentic, but plenty of options will satisfy a craving or provide you with plenty of fuel for a good price.
1	Not much to see here. The food was very bland, and the service was slow. We went on off hours (around 4:00) and the food still took a long time. To top it off, the waitress didn't come back to take our credit card for 15 minutes. We just about got up and walked out. The place wasnt the cleanest, either.
2	Their food is just okay.  I've tried several of their dishes and only like one.  My friend and I tried their almond and taro milk tea, and they were terrible!  I don't think they used tea to make the milk TEA.  They taste like they mixed the taro/almond powder with water...
3	Incredibly mediocre food, mediocre service, but never awful.  It isn't very authentic, but it's generally pretty tasty.
1	Lulu's has long become a staple to the neighboring college community in Oakland due to it's prime location on Craig St. and the price. However, the food is terrible. I've been to Lulu's on multiple occasions during my freshman days of college, simply because I was unfamiliar to the city and craved some Chinese food (or in this case anything "asian"). As I got more familiar to Pittsburgh and found better options, I stopped dining at Lulu's completely. Until tonight after a moment of bad judgment, my boyfriend and I just wanted some normal fried rice, and would settle for mediocre Americanized "asian" food. I must say though, that their service is impeccably speedy. Too speedy. Within seconds of being seated and not even have had the chance to open our menus, our waitress asked us to order.  We ordered Scallion Pancakes, Java Fried Rice and Chicken Pad Thai, thinking that they can't possibly mess these very simple dishes up. How wrong we were. The fried rice was tasteless, (I'm usually complaining about food being too salty), and the pad thai was colorless, and swimming in liquid-y sauce (also smelled really bad). The Scallion Pancakes were literally store-bought tortillas with pureed scallions, so strange. I think what baffled me the most was that our waitress only finally reappeared to chuck our bill on the table, AS WE WERE STILL EATING. Nobody motioned for the bill, we still had food in our mouths and on the plates. Definitely made us feel very very rushed. Rude.At least their beverages are okay.. most of their flavors are pretty artificial/powdery tasting, but whatever. Could use more bubbles though. If you have any respect for Chinese, Japanese, Thai, Korean, etc food, SKIP Lulu's. Please.
3	I mean, go here when school is out -- you'll get better food. Welcome to 75% of Oakland.I'm boring and usually get Chicken Lo Mein. Other menu items are more hit and miss, so I gave up trying new things and just go with that. The chicken is always my favorite part - it's always tender and not dried out. Sure you can find more authentic, but it's cheap, decent food. And remember, when school is out...
2	I've always found Lulu's to be tremendously overrated. I remember being a freshman and thinking BEST PLACE EVER, and now, having tried many other things on the menu, I can no longer say this. I've never been particularly enchanted with the offerings, and the bubble tea is often watery. Service is fast, but definitely not friendly. There are places close by where you can get much better food. And what's up with the weird noodle people on the wall!?!?
1	Their chicken taste like pork? Awful music along with the food.
2	I've been coming here for over ten years.  Lulu's is Lulu's and it will never change but fortunately their Fried Tofu (big plate), hot and sour soup, and crab rangoon have never changed, and neither has my love of very unhealthy fried food.if you come here for dinner the service is terrible but you'll get your food eventually.if you come here for lunch your food will come out very quick and extremely hot, and it may or may not arrive around the same time your dining companion's food arrives.it's cheap.it's greasy.the spicy peanut noodle bowl is DELISH. So is the fried tofu, egg roll, hot and sour soup, crab rangoon, curry, and pad thai.
2	My pad thai was very sweet and had no discernible spice at all. The chicken seemed to be of low quality. I also ordered a side of fried rice which was bland and unappealing. Finally, the mango smoothie (which has been good in the past) tasted like ice cream this time.I have never enjoyed the food on previous visits, but everyone raves about Lulu's, so I keep trying to give it a chance. I am consistently let down, so I don't think I'll be visiting Lulu's ever again.
2	Meh. I've experienced better. The food is mediocre and the service is slow. For better pad thai try Spice Island Tea House.
3	Lulu's noodles is in an extremely convenient location for students coming from CMU, so it should be no surprise that most weekdays around lunch time the place is packed.The few times I have been there I have found the food to be okay, nothing to write home about. The Pho was utterly terrible, and the various noodle dishes only passable. The biggest problem, though, has been with the service. You place your order at the counter, and they are supposed to bring it to you. Several times I've found myself forgotten and having to go back to ask where my food is.All in all, it will do in a pinch if you're a CMU student, otherwise steer clear.
3	If you're looking for Americanized versions of your favorite Asian dishes, the by all means go to Lulu's Noodles.  It's ok, relatively inexpensive, and the service is fast, but if you're looking for something more authentic, I'd suggest patronizing any of the other amazing Asian restaurants in Pittsburgh.
1	Yo! These noodles fuckin suck! Plate looked like homeless man vomit! Pass!
5	Delicious (and cheap) noodles. They have a HUGE menu and I've never been disappointed! Great place for takeout & convenient for CMU and Pitt students. One tip - if you're getting takeout, call ahead and they will have it ready for you when you get there!
3	Well on the bright side this place is fairly cheap, and the portions are ginormous.  I live right next door since I go to CMU, and it's great to have something cheap close by.  On the other hand, the food is just...ok.  I guess I came in with high standards having moved from the Bay Area which is almost like little Asia.  I had the Thai Curry Chicken, which didn't have the depth of flavor most thai curries do, but it was passable.  The other people I went with had Lo Mein, which I didn't like at all, and Fried Tofu, which was fine.  Their service was great for me.  The woman who was serving us was nice, and she even split the check by person for us which many places don't do.On the whole, I like their milk teas, so I'll be back for those, and of course the cheap food.
3	I was here once before, and it wasn't impressive enough for me to return until my daughter, who loves Asian food, and I were in Oakland and hungry for dinner.  She really wanted bubble tea, and I knew Lulu's had it and was close.We each ordered bubble milk tea.  My daughter had the red bean, and I had the almond.  She ended up liking mine better, since the red bean had a very floral taste to it which she was not used to.  I traded with her, even though the almond was definitely better.For food, I had the Pad Thai, and she had Sesame Cold Noodles.  My dish was not aesthetically appealing, but it tasted OK.  It was not spicy at all, so I added quite a bit of Sriracha.  Once again, my daughter wasn't very pleased with her selection, even though she said it was good.  She ended up eating half my plate instead, which  was fine by me, since the serving was large.  I did try her noodles, and they seemed OK.The service was very good for us.  The server was concerned when my daughter didn't eat her food and offered to take it back, but we weren't that concerned about it.I wouldn't recommend making a special trip to go to Lulu's, but if you're in the area and don't want to spend a lot of money, it will pass.  I will be opting for Crepes Parisienne down the street.
1	The worst pad Thai noodles ever! It is not suppose to taste sweet.  I had plaque build up immediately on my teeth.  Worst than eating a bag of candy.
2	I used to enjoy their cold sesame noodles and fried wontons years ago but I have ordered them more recently and have not been impressed. Their entrees lack crave-ability and I've left unsatisfied many-a-visit. Bubble smoothies are good if you want something cold and refreshing. Otherwise, standard menu, sub-par food, and sub-par service. Yes, it's affordable but you can get better food at a similar price elsewhere.
5	Of all the places I ever went to on a regular basis as a Pitt student, LuLu's Noodles is one of the places where I legitimately loved the food and wasn't just picking up a meal on a poor student budget. I still love stopping by these days to enjoy my favorite college meal on occasion. I usually end up ordering ramen or a similar noodle soup - after all, 'noodles' is in the company's name for a reason! I have never had a bad experience here. My food has always arrived in a timely fashion, has been cooked properly and has featured only the best flavoring and seasoning possible.An added bonus is that a Razzy Fresh yogurt shop is just down the street - it's easy enough to pop in for dessert on the rare occasions that LuLu's enormous portions don't have me rolling to my car before I fall into a food coma.I absolutely recommend LuLu's to all; the food is delicious, the portions fantastic considering the price, and bound to satisfy anyone who has a craving for some noodles.
3	Ok for a quick lunch. I go there way too often though. I however always end up ordering the same thing "Yeuog Chow's Fried Rice - Spicy Spicy"- definitely the best thing on the menu. I wish i could give 3 and a half stars. I think it deserves it.
2	I've been here twice for lunch since it's near where I work in Oakland.  I was excited to try it since it looked like a nice interesting menu offering a diversity of options (Chinese, Vietnamese, Korean, Thai) but I haven't been impressed.  The food lacks any interesting flavor and the texture of the noodles I had in one dish wasn't right and didn't seem fresh (they were kind of gummy and stuck together--and these were the ones they said were specially imported from San Francisco!).  The first time I went, it was during the busy lunch hour and the person taking my order was VERY rude to me when I told her I wanted to pay in credit card since I didn't have cash.  They normally take credit cards but she informed me during the lunch rush they want cash, but I did not see any signs anywhere warning me of this or I wouldn't have gone there.  I only went back again since it's so close to my office and thought I'd give it another chance but I'm still disappointed.  Prices are decent and portions are quite large.  Food comes out slow compared to other similar places.  You order at the counter and they bring it out to you, but it is not a full service restaurant.
5	Great lunch prices and lots of variety of food choices. Bubble teas/smoothies are fun!
3	Lulu's affordability and fair portions have made it one of the popular Asian cuisine restaurants in Oakland amongst Pitt and CMU students. Some students will rave about Lulu's, but it is nothing too special.I've had the Spicy Szechwan Noodle Bowl and the Spicy Basil Noodle Plate; both were fine. I've also tried the bubble tea which is a unique beverage to try. I've never had any problems with service here either.
4	I grew up 45 minutes north of this Pittsburgh spot, but made the trip for Lulu's pan fried noodles as often as I could. Now I live 8 hours east in NYC and still do the same thing. The mix of crunchy and soft noodles are great, the shiitakes are perfectly flavored, and oddly enough...the leftovers taste even better the next day.
2	Alright, Lulu's has some good and some bad, unfortunately the bad stuck out a bit more. As usual, let's start with the bad news. The inside felt like the inside of a old undergrad cafeteria struggling to look modern and urban. The wall that we were placed against at our two-seater was filthy. The wall had brown stains spotted throughout; it looked like someone had a bad case of the runs while eating. The customers were your typical undergrad crowd looking for inexpensive eats. The waitress was soft spoken and knew little about the food and how it tasted or what was in it. There wasn't a whole lot of service here outside placing your order. It seemed like the people were frustrated to be working here. The food was mediocre with some good in it. We ordered the bim bim bop and the schezuan chicken noodles. The bim bim bop had overdone eggs and chicken which added an unpleasant bland rubbery texture. The schezuan chicken had something similar; bland flavor, rubbery, and not spicy. And the good... as it states in their title, Lulu's noodles. The noodles were good, not great, but enough to validate the restaurants title. The other good thing was the Sriracha sauce because without it there was absolutely no spice in this food. My girlfriend took me here since her last visit 2 years ago, and this maybe the next time I come back.
3	I wish this place had a way to add another set of doors so the wind and cold air doesn't blow in every time someone opens the door!Two thirds of the sitting at this place is in front of this particular door. Of course, everyone picks the side where the wind doesn't hit them, we are always the lucky ones who don't get to sit on that side. But we still go every time we're in the neighborhood (we keep our coats on the whole time) because this place is cheap AND good. I'm a little bummed out they use chicken broth for all their soups, I'll never get to try them, but their menu has enough choices to keep your palate entertained for a while. You can substitute, remove, add, and avoid any ingredient on any dish at this place. I dislike mushrooms so I always make sure I let my server know of it. And now to the servers. They're nice, soft spoken. This one time we got a "drill sergeant" lady that will yell the table we "must" sit at. I hope we never see her again.
2	Despite being raised on some awesome central Chinese home-cooking, I'm not particularly picky about my Asian food. I appreciate authentic meals, but sometimes, I really just want some frozen orange chicken from Trader Joe's. That being said, I try to avoid eating at Lulu's, which has always been disappointing and slightly nauseating.The ramen is tasteless, but it's filling and mildly satisfying, especially when it's really cold outside.They also tend to cover their food in this weird, sticky (but also watery?) sweet and sour sauce. It's a tough consistency to achieve in what's supposed to be a liquid, but gosh darn it, Lulu's does it well.The decor is pretty hilarious. Giant pictures of people wearing noodles as hats (and dressed like the kids from Saved by the Bell) adorn the walls. Those images, combined with the tile floors, give Lulu's the same vibe as a shopping mall food court from the early 90's.I suggest you try the other Asian places on Craig, which are slightly better.
2	2.5 / 5 - Lard Nar BBQ Pork: Big hunks of pork, sweet tangy sauce, nice wide noodles.1.0 / 5 - Spicy Basil: Very wattery flavor.  Spice with no flavor.  Watery.
3	Oh nostalgia! I was always confused, is it Lu-Lu's Noodles or Yum Wok? Being a Pitt student you didn't have the best variety of food to choose from for what your wallet could afford. I remember them being cheap and close. They didn't deliver though which was a bummer on those cold days when there was brown slush to walk through. Still, for me and my friends, it was worth the wet jeans and laughs as we tried not to slip, fall, and drop our food as we trekked back up cardiac hill to our dorm.
4	It's good!
1	The food was flavorless and overcooked. The service was terrible, took forever to get anything and the staff was very rude. But the worst thing of all was how DISGUSTING the place was. EVERYTHING had a nasty film on it. The pictures on the walls were splattered with food. The sugar caddy was dripping with something sticky. And the chairs had food on them when we sat down. NEVER COMING BACK
2	I love Thai and I love noodles so this was going to be a match. Fail.   This review is for takeout only.  Dishes were water slogged and had a sad bit of peanuts thrown in to keep it real. Tore our stomachs up and threw away remaining food. Guess the stomach of a college student is more forgiving than us old farts.
2	I recommend the scallion crepes.  I also put sriracha and and black vinegar on it.  I also get the spicy schezuan (ask for light on the sauce) and I put sriracha in that too, but the chicken texture is weird. I also get it without the cilantro/parsely because I don't think the earthy taste of the herb is a good compliment to the schezuan.   Everything else I have tried there (because my friends got it) I did not like at all, such as: Pad Thai (worst Pad Thai I have ever had) and Dr. Fu's Special (it was kind of a tasteless white sauce)The only thing I don't like about their fruit smoothies is that there's too much artificial flavoring in it.  I usually get strawberry/lychee or coconut/lychee - but these are things you can make on your own using fresh fruits and no funky food colorings.The service is generally horrible.  I don't know a delicate, yet direct way to say it, but it's rare to get decent service.  It's slow and just... annoying.
2	The good thing about this place is that it's cheap.  However, the pluses stop there.  I have tried the lad nar, LuLu's pan fried noodles, and the pad thai and none of them were impressive.  The dishes tend to be oversauced and the sauces are way too sweet!  The gyoza, however, are quite good.
5	I must say, I am surprised and disheartened at some of the unsavory reviews of Lulu's!  I am yet to review  it because I guess I didnt think it needed one since it has been around so long.  I consider this place to be a staple in the Oakland dining landscape.  With a wide selection of dishes, appetizers, and specials, there is something on the menu for everyone.  Besides having the best Bubble Tea in the city, here is a list of my favorite or "go to"  menu items:*Spicy szechuan chicken bowl*General Tso's chicken- Seriously it's the best*Korean pork fried rice*Dr. Fu's Favorite Noodles*Crab Rangoon- addictive!Good quality food, made with care, at affordable prices.  Don't let some of the underwhelming reviews deter you from trying it for yourself.  The food is really yummy!
5	The food is excellent. However NEVER give your food to the vagrant beggar at the front door on your way out. Personally, I've witnessed him throw away what people have given him.
1	I used to come here all the time but over the past 10 years the food quality has degraded to practically inedible. Mushy, overcooked veggies, low quality meats, and crappy generic "asian" style sauces. So sad, as this used to be a tasty place for reasonably priced Chinese.
2	cashier ladies are always grumpy looking. Used to give you this look when you try to swipe a credit card for 8 bucks. They have since enforced this 10 dollar minimum credit card order which is BS, yet they still give you this look when you try to use your card for something like 11 dollars. Food is just meh. I don't understand how anyone actually likes their food or give 5star reviews based on the food alone. Only explanation is they never had anything authentic, be it Chinese, Japanese, Korean, or Thai. However, I will say that their bubble tea is pretty good.
1	Sorry Lulu's it's nothing personal. I've been to a lot of asian restaurants in my day and I can honestly say that the cost value of this place is by far the worst. They charge an average amount for some less than decent food.  It's a go to place for a lot of college kids but personally it does not suit my tastes. The Pad thai is too sweet and is supposed to be one of their best dishes. I've tried their other noodle dishes but I've got to say I'm still not convinced.
3	Food is somewhere between average and good.   I don't think they will go above 3 stars in my book until they clean the various hardened food splatters off the wall where you sit and eat lunch.  I will have to try the bubble tea and perhaps food to go next time.
2	I really didn't like Lulu's at all. Their food was terrible. It was all sweet and tangy even for the dishes that were supposed to be salty and savory. Their noodles were undercooked. Their "scallion pancakes" were literally tortilla bread with scallions. Just overall a terrible experience.
2	I had the Lad Nar and the General Tso's chicken. I liked the General Tso's better, but both seemed okay. It's a quick and easy stop for lunch, but maybe not my top choice for Thai or Chinese.
1	3 stars for the food and -2 for the service. They have pathetic service and a shameless staff.
2	The growing number of noodle restaurants is a positive trend but is jeopardized by those who do not put honest effort into it.  I don't know what bouillon can they open to make their broth, but they need to get a stock pot and some bones.
4	A solid pan-Asian noodle joint. Aside from a weird few months many years ago the food here is always top notch. Its not gourmet, but it is heads and tails above most Americanized Chinese/Asian places. Cheap too, which is nice.
4	A good quick lunch place. Decient sized portions with good food! Cool atmosphere stepping it up from your typical Pho joint. Minimum $10 on credit cards with no atm around so be prepared to bring cash if you just have a single order.
4	This place is SUPER delicious. I just love the Singapore Rice Noodles. Highly recommended. The only downside is that it can get a little busy during dinner time and parking is hard to come by. It's worth the wait though!
1	Bad food, bad service!
1	I'm not the type to write Yelp reviews, but my recent experience at Lulu's made me want to do a public service and warn people to not eat here. Lulu's has gone seriously downhill in the last few years. Some lowlights of our experience:- Had to ask for napkins twice to no avail. Finally had to get up from the table, walk to the counter, and fetch some myself. Hello, where's my waitress?- No cutlery came with our food, so had to ask for some. Chopsticks arrived 5 minutes after noodles did.- Beef pho was absolutely inedible - lukewarm, flavorless, disgusting. I had to send it back to the kitchen. If you've ever had real pho, don't get it at Lulu's. Best case scenario you'll be sorely disappointed, more realistic is that you'll want to gag and be sick at the table.- "Pan-fried noodles" are actually just an uncooked circular ramen brick covered in warm chicken and bok choy. I know Lulu's is catered towards the budget-conscious college crowd, but I could've saved more money and time just by buying a $0.25 packet of Maruchan from CVS and eating it straight from the bag.The only tasty thing at Lulu's is the Sriracha sauce.
1	No, I will never go here again.  A roach crawled out from behind the wall where I was eating my meal, and we quietly beckoned over a waitress.  And guess what, she took the roach down, and didnt even bother to say sorry or can we do anything for you.  My initial reaction was to scream when a roach crawled by my dinner table, but I didnt want to be rude.  But no manager being on duty, and them not seeming to care that it happened was a real turn off.  I told them their customer service needs A LOT of improvement.  The only good thing to eat in this place is their Yellow Curry, and with the roach scare, I will not be returning as they're other dishes are pretty lackluster.I'm not a college student anymore so I can choose a better place to eat.  It's a shame.  I used to eat here 1x/week, but hadnt been there in a while, and now, I will never return
2	I used to love Lu Lu's noodles... This place took a nose dive in recent years.Service is AWFUL. Decor is not nice, wall paper is actually duct taped to the walls. The place is usually dirty. Bathroom is not to be used even in emergency situations. It is also usually very crowded which can slow the the already shady service. If you can make it past the always present homeless man sitting at the front door the Dr.Fu's special is good, hot and sour soup is awesome, general tso chicken is good as well. Downsides outweigh the up for this place.
1	When I went here in 2009, the place was great. When I went here last week, it was terrible. You walk in and it's confusing- no one greets you, no one explains seating, no one gets menus, no one takes your order, the tables are dirty- it was really gross. We sat down and waited fifteen minutes before a roach scurried across by the pay station in the center and we left to get our meal at another restaurant on Craig. I don't know what these people are thinking running a restaurant like that- I really hope it was just an off day, but the roach was not promising. This is not the Lulu's I remember.
1	I used to love this place but the quality has gone so downhill over the past few years. They've substituted unique dishes with cheap, low quality ingredients. It seems they stopped caring circa 2007.
1	I've been here so many times with groups, and each time the food is at best mediocre. You know it's a bad sign when an Asian restaurant never has any Asian customers.
4	Great dumplings!
1	I've been to many Asian restaurants and this place is the worst by far.  Seems like they have lots of options to choose from (Chinese, Thai, Korean etc) but the food quality is not that good.  It's just not good in general. (I've given this place a few tries) I'd much rather go to the other Chinese places just across the street or around the corner.
1	Every time I go (not by choice) they workers are so unpleasant!!! The food isn't even good but their boba is decent. Very, very fusion like, nothing on the menu is authentic. I swear the name is what brings the people in because it sure is not the noodles!
1	I personally love the bubble tea that Lulu makes so I'm a frequent customer. But today's trip to Lulu's was disastrous.So I came to get 2 mango smoothie bubble tea today. It was ridiculous that I ended up waiting 40 minutes just for 2 bubble for to go. And when I received my order, it was 2 strawberry--not 2 mango.I proceeded to tell the lady that she had my order wrong, but was told that she heard me say strawberry. Aside from the fact that mango and strawberry sounds nothing alike, she rudely insisted that I told her strawberry. I also did not appreciate the dirty attitude I was getting from her when I was trying to talk to her politely...So after a while, it seems that my order was going to be fixed. But after waiting some more, I only received 1 mango and was given 1 strawberry despite telling her I ordered 2 mango, not 1 mango and 1 strawberry. This time, she was obviously being a b*tch asking, "so are you going to take it the drinks or not?"Based on my past experience with other people there, I might come back. But if I do, I absolutely refuse to have her take my order  again.
4	I went there on a Saturday around three to get some food, this was my first time coming here and friends have told me that it was a nice place so I wanted to try it out.  The atmosphere in there is very nice and modern.  The waitresses were very nice, helpful and gave good recommendations when I told them it was my first time there.  I am a fan of Pad Thai so I got that from there.  It did take longer than expected for it to come, but once i got it I saw that they do give you a lot in the to-go containers.  As others have said the sauce was sweeter than normal, I do like the sweetness though.  I counteracted the sweetness with some hot sauce and it created a nice contrast.  It definitely was a lot of food for what the price was, and me being a vegetarian I appreciated that they could make many of their dishes vegetarian.  I liked it definitely, and would recommend it to friends, the only thing I advise is to make sure you have cash on your person they have a $10 minimum to use a credit/debit card.
5	Initially I was reluctant to come back to Lulu's based on my previous experience. But I came back and was in for a surprise.The lady who I previously had a situation with, spoke to me. I could usually tell if someone was apologizing to me just to get it over with, or if they were sincerely apologizing. I honestly didn't expect an apology, but this was greatly appreciated.On top of an apology, I was given a treat as well! So I appreciate knowing that a business doesn't care only about the greens, but also about customer satisfaction.Happy to say that I'll be returning for more bubble tea in the future! :)
1	I had never been here before, but as a Pitt student I have heard people talk about it for years.The restaurant was dirty, pieces of garbage all over the floor, the wall art was off center, the food was tasteless. I got the Singapore noodles. They were not only tasteless, but the red and green bell peppers were raw. The crab Rangoon were way too sweet, sweeter than I've ever had, and the filling seemed more like icing than cream cheese and crab. In addition, I felt ill before I left the restaurant. I will not be returning.
1	Dirty environment and waitress was so rude to us. I randomly picked a noodle but...wow tasteless and strange flavor. My friends and i waited for al least 15 min just for checking. The waitress was really impatient when we asked for checking in second time.
3	Definitely good food. My wife and I both enjoyed our meals. She had the shrimp wonton soup and u had the Singapore noodles plate. Service was adequate. My biggest complaint was the noise. The music was really loud in the bathroom and there was nothing to dampen the sound so the kid flying the airplane on the other side of the room seemed to echo next to us. But remember, the food tasted good and regardless of the few things, we will be back for different meals.
2	Big menu.  Quick take out service.  Really flavorless food.  So disappointing.  It is hard to make take out noodles tasteless.  Maybe it is because we ordered it with no MSG?  I don't know, but I won't be coming back here again.
2	This place blows.. & this is coming from the girl who raves about every restaurant like it's 5 star. Anyways, we had planned on heading to Union Grill, but its still under construction :( I asked my friend how lulu's was & she gave a long, confused "It's ok" & a weird look. Since 3 outta the 4 of us hadn't been here, we decided to try.There was no wait to be seated but a good 10-15 minutes until our server came.. which was weird since she also seated us. The menu looked like basic pork, chicken beef or duck dishes served over rice or noodles. We all ordered the teriyaki chicken rice bowl (weird, huh?) It didn't take long for it to come out but it was just weird how hot the rice & bowl were compared to chicken. Do they stick the bowl in the oven/microwave once ordered?After the cook or whatever served our food, no one checked if we needed anything. My cup was empty forever before she finally came over& by that time she asked if we were ready for check. I guess you're supposed to take your bill/money to the register & we didn't know that. We just left everything on the table after waiting forever for her to head back. If you're not serving the food, refilling drinks or taking the bill what is the point of having servers?! Also was disappointing to hear them turn away customers at 9:40 because the kitchen was closed.. not 945 or 950. 940Overall food was crappy. My friend didn't eat half of his because the chicken resembled pork & the floor was so dirty as if they only sweep at closing time. No thaaaanks ill make my own chicken & rice at home.I tried :\
1	With poor service and mediocre food Lulu's is not a restaurant worth your time. The service at Lulu's seems extremely disorganized. Waits in excess of 45 minutes for noodles are not on heard of. They constantly look unsure of who is to be served next and which of the staff should be responsible for what. The food is high end dorm food. It's not unpalatable but the Chinese/Japanese/South Asian winds up just muddling all the flavors rather than creating anything authentic. You're much better off paying a little bit more at the higher end restaurants on Craig for significantly higher quality food.  Alternatively you could pay significantly less at one of the many chains-restaurants and get food of equal quality. Avoid this place.
5	Tasty Chinese food!..Pretty good service with nice music...
2	Everything is over-sweet. No resemblance of real Asian food.
1	I detest this place. It used to be amazing! Brings back fond memories of coming here with my mom. I don't know what happened in the 11 years since I last ate here but it's gone downhill. The first part is a  review of the take out we ordered. Pad Thai was wayy too sweet and oily. Soups had a thick layer of oil. Curry was bland and flavorless. We ordered this takeout once and they put the rice under the curry. I've never had curry take out that served it this way. It's usually separate. My mom never throws food out. This was a first for me to see her throw out three entrees right away. Came here after an exam to meet with friends. Deciding to give it one more shot. The chicken with veggie dish I ordered was actually ok. What made me mad was when I ordered hot water NOT TEA the woman behind the counter brought me tea with my meal. I politely told her oh I actually just wanted hot water she sternly said they don't offer  just hot water and made no attempt to take tea away. (It was already brewed in the cup when she brought it.)  we just looked at each other for a minute.  I took the tea and vowed  in my head  that due to the customer service and bad food I would never set foot in this establishment again.
3	The positives:  Large portions, affordable prices and fairly attentive serviceThe negatives:  Food was only OK.  The Sczehwan chicken was really tasty but the other three dishes were pretty bland.We ate here after a visit to the Carnegie museums on a cold January Sunday.  Where we were seated in the dining room, we got a blast of icy air every time someone came in or out. Not sure if they could do anything to improve that situation but it certainly made our visit less enjoyable.  If you are looking for a quick affordable meal, this is a great place.  However, I think in their quest to offer a lot of variety they lost some of their quality.
3	I think the trick to having a good experience at Lulu's is to know what you're getting into before you walk in: average Asian cuisine, average service, cheap prices. By using these metrics, I usually have had a good experience here (I've been maybe 3 or 4 times). Typically, I never am hungry enough to get a "Big Eat" from the menu, I just stick with one of the "Small" vegetarian meals and it suits me well. The last few times I've gotten the steamed vegetables with tufu, and a $4.25 a bowl you can't have many complaints. It's been a nice place to walk over to from work, and it's great that it's open until almost 10pm to serve the college crowds from Pitt and CMU. And definitely try one of the bubble smoothies at some point- they were all the rage when they came out a few years ago and are actually quite tasty (if overpriced).
4	It's a simple place the prices are top and I can't even say why but I often crave the noodle soups they are having. I tried different ones and loved them all! Also it's usually easy to get a table no annoying waiting times like in other places where you have to stare on open tables which don't get filled forever.
2	What happened to this place???  It used to be AMAZING - never never ever even the possibility of a bad meal.  Of course that was 10+ years ago.  Now?  The reviews are right.  It's no longer that place.  Bland & tasteless, overly oily, and just bad.  Bad bad bad.  SO disappointed.
5	This is my favorite place for good, fast food. The spicy schema noodle bowl is my go to..Its sooo good I get another to take home.. The bubble tea beats the ones I've had in Chinatown in NYC. They know how to make an amazing drink.. If you have never been here stop what your doing and go..
3	Food okay and staff is fairly attentive except for one short waitress who is always grumpy. Last time, she took my order wrong and didn't even apologize.
1	I had always heard that Lulu's Noodles was supposed to be good............,well I sat down w/my friend & it was like sitting in a wind tunnel.  Artic blasts of freezing cold air whooshed all around our table.  Now mind you we haven't even eaten yet!  My friend put on my down vest & I wrapped my scarf around my neck hoping to garner some warmth.  We moved to another table in the back(our waitress was very patient w/us)but incredibly it was even more frigid!!!!! All around people sat shivering in their coats.  The food was extremely MEDIOCRE.  Again our server was a sweetheart. I would never recommend this restaurant to anyone but an enemy!  By the way the Manager has no customer service skills.  I have a head cold that should it worsen, I will be blaming Lulu's Noodles!
3	Great place for a quick lunch in Oakland.  For the lunch hours you do not have a server and order at the counter and they bring your food to your table when ready.  The bubble tea is a must.  I also recommend the sesame cold noodles-cold noodles with an excellent peanut butter sauce and sliced cucumbers.  The Freddy Fu (named after UPMC's famous orthopedic surgeon) is a customer favorite.  The service is usually quick and the prices are cheap.
2	I wish it was a little quicker and cleaner overall. Our table was sticky and gross which made me think that the kitchen was probably not clean either. I always get what I believe are called crazy noodles and it tastes pretty good. Maybe if the service was much faster and the place was cleaner I'd go again.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by Lulu's Noodles. Speaking as a person who grew up surrounded by amazing Asian food in LA's San Gabriel Valley (fondly referred by many as the 626), I came here without many (read: any) expectations of the food here. And I'd say that for Asian food in a not-very-Asian city, and a place that's supposed to fast and easy Asian food, it's pretty good! I had the chicken lo mein and bubble tea; I'm definitely satisfied. It's great for a quick and casual meal.
4	never sat down to eat I've always ordered to go bubble tea which is good I like honey dew! beef/shrimp chow fun (thick wide noodles) very yummy!
1	If you're looking for any semblance of "authentic Asian food" then turn around and run the other way. Never have I been so disappointed by an Asian restaurant-- seriously, even Oriental Express is more authentic than the shit they serve here. Every single time I ordered a noodle dish, I've been shown a new way in which that food could be horribly disgraced. Overpriced, overrated, and I absolutely abhor the decor. The decor is cheesy as hell-- why do I want to look at stock photo images of people touching my noodles in ways that violate all kinds of health codes? It just makes me wonder what passes as "sanitary" in their kitchen. [And other colorful imagery of people rubbing noodles on various body parts]Pad Thai: a sad pile of overcooked rice noodles with a wretched, bland peanut sauce that sits on the noodles to create that sad dog shit dish you've always wanted. The exact opposite of an authentic pad thai dish. Pathetic doesn't even begin to describe it. I could smear peanut butter on dried ramen noodles and get a better experience.Pho: well how could you really expect this place to create a beef consomme-esque broth with authentic viet flavors? Awful. I can't even.My review may be slightly inaccurate because I haven't been there since people lied to my stupid freshman dorm about how great this place is, but if it hasn't changed since then RUN AWAY. GO TO ROSE TEA. OR ANYWHERE ELSE. SUBWAY. QUIZNOS. SAVE YOURSELF MONEY AND BOWEL TROUBLES.
3	During my visit to CMU I stopped here for lunch. We waited in line for awhile before we were seated. When we were seated the table was messy and not wiped off. The food was ok, nothing special. Although it's cheap, I would recommend spending your money somewhere  else.
5	I LOVE Lulu's Pan Fried Noodles! The prices are just fine for the amount of food that you get. My friend and I go here all the time and she gets the pan fried noodles and I get the Pad Thai. We split the two plates into two dishes and it is to. die. for. Strangely enough the pan fried noodles taste a little reminiscent of Mexican food... sounds weird, but don't knock it until you try it!! :)
1	Our waiter is delusional! Bad service! He filled up my drink and forgot who it belonged to in less than a minute and gave my drink to the table next to mine! Food is bland! Never coming back! What a gimmick of a place!
1	I can't comment on the food because I was never actually served. This place deserves negative stars for service alone.  The food would have to be unbelievable to get me back in the door to give them another chance (judging from the other Yelp reviews, I highly doubt that it is). Anyway, my wife and I came here for lunch. A host seated us, and then we sat. And sat. And sat. Another family came in about 10 minutes after us and were served immediately. That's when my wife got up to tell someone that they'd forgotten about us. Rather than a simple apology and sending someone over to take our order, this guy (manager? cook? who knows?) starts making lame excuses (your server is busy with something else) and running and the restaurant like a chicken with his head cut off flipping through sheets of paper at the host stand and who knows whatever else. At that point it was clear that giving Lulu's any of our money would have been completely undeserved; so we left.
3	The chicken curry with noodles is divine. The sauce is creamy but complex, veggies and chicken fresh and in good portions, and the noodles are cooked perfectly. Most of the other dishes I've had here have been dry and tasteless, however. Would only go for that excellent dish!
1	Like other reviewers, I'm unimpressed by Lulu's Noodles.  I've been there once, and that was enough for me.  I ordered a noodle dish of some kind, and it was bland and salty, and the ingredients were sub-par.  It's a far cry for authentic Asian food, and, having traveled several times to East Asia, I know what that is.  I also ordered the bubble tea, which was decent--however, there's now another place half a block down where you can get that for take-out or eat-in.  Based on the quality of the food, I'm surprised that this place is always packed.  Then again, I suppose it appeals mainly to the college student crowd, many of whom care about inexpensiveness over food quality.  If you're on S. Craig and looking for somewhere to eat, give this place a pass.  There are several better options (see my Craig St. restaurant list).
2	To the reviewer who complained they were never served at lunch: This must have been due to a major miscommunication / misunderstanding. Lunch does not include table service. You place your order at the cashier, get a number, then they bring the food out when it is ready. I'm surprised you were 'seated by a host', and I'm surprised someone after you was 'served immediately'. This almost sounds like you are reviewing a different restaurant! Or at the least, mistook someone's cafeteria tray with beverages and fortune cookies (served immediately by the cashier) for having been served. Any way, better luck next time. It is problematic that newcomers are not informed of the lunch policy. There seems to be no one working as 'host' during lunch. It is also problematic that the menu is disorganized; grouped by size "small eats" "big eats" "noodle bowls" "rice dishes". Soups are all over the place, depending on whether you order a meal sized or appetizer sized soup. This would be ok during dinner when there is table service, but instead you have to rapidly scan the menu while waiting in line at the cashier.On the bright side: there seems to be no obligation to tip during lunch!
4	I would like to recommend lulu's fresh fruits bubble tea to everybody!!! Mango is my favorite flavor!! Beef chow fun was so delicious, I like how they put the fresh beans sprouts on top it!! Enjoy see the waitress with a warm welcome & nice service! Looking forward to go back soon!!
1	This was the first time I did not take my leftovers home! To date, it was the worst meal I have had since moving to Pittsburgh.  The Spicy Szechuwan noodles were cold, oily and bland.  My colleague ordered the Pad Thai and the balance of flavors were completely off. It was entirely on the sweet side. I visited Lulu's for a group lunch for work and, yes, they can accommodate a large party of people but that is meaningless if the food is substandard.
4	I'm shocked that LuLu's has so many poor reviews.  I've been there recently and the food was as delicious as always.  The server did forget to bring us our appetizer, but I still was very happy with the meal overall.  This is an Oakland staple and I hope it continues to be!
5	Here are things you NEED To order at Lulu's Thai Curry chicken - best ever, hands downPad Thai - if you like mild, tasty and complexHot and Sour Soup - again, best ever Seaweed salad - super tasty, and good for you. How many things can you say that about when you go out to eat.Thai Lemon Basil Beef - layered and delicious. I have been going to Yum Wok/Lulu's since college which is too many years ago to count. My children have been raised on their food. It is cheap and good. It's one of the few places we, as a family of five, can go out to dinner under $50 bucks. Get a bubble smoothy while you're there. You won't be disappointed.
4	Cheap Asian cuisine. Portions are large and it's a great deal. My favorite is either Lulu's Pan-fried noodles or the Bibimbap. The wonton soup is a must.
5	LULU'S IS MY JAM! This was our go-to after-school spot in high school post-Model UN practice (here I am revealing that I'm a huge nerd) when we didn't feel like risking the dietary aftermath than can happen at the O. The crab rangoons are fabulous--a crispy crust with boiling-hot cream cheese in the middle that is just sweet enough. I also like the cold sesame noodles, the big bowl of wonton noodle soup, the stir-fried beef noodles, and the fried tofu. Their most popular seller is apparently the General Tso's chicken, but it's too sweet for me. I also tried the Dr. Fu's special noodles (a mystery dish with no item description, but my dad works with the eponymous Dr. Fu so I felt a need to try them) and it was essentially stir-fried egg noodles with chicken, bean sprout, and hoisin. Decent, but too greasy for me. Sorry Dr. Fu!Like previous reviewers mentioned, it's counter service for lunch and table service for dinner--let the long line of Oakland university types waiting in line at lunch be your guide. They don't really serve dessert but you can go across the street to Kohli's and get gulab jamun or kulfi on a stick if you're still hungry, though I rarely am!
4	As a college student who was walking distance away, I loved going to Lulus! Okay - it didn't really have the most authentic Asian food but I wasn't expecting that to begin with. I wanted a place to get tasty noodles and that's what I got!The dishes I liked:- Crab Rangoon- Beef Chow Fun- Singapore Rice Noodles- Spicy Basil Noodles- Lulu's Pan Fried Noodles- Thai CurryDishes I wasn't a big fan of:- Dr. Fu's special: Not all that special - Udon Soup: kind of blandThe service was always adequate when I came - whether it be in a group of 2 or 10. We were always seated relatively quickly and the food came out quickly as well. In a place like this I don't ask for much else.This also used to be my go-to bubble tea place (before Rose Tea Cafe) and that was good too. Not the best - but good.If you go to any place enough you will find foods you like and foods you don't. I don't love every dish on the menu but I keep coming back to Lulus because it has a variety of noodles I actually like and I can get a large quantity of them for a reasonable price!
2	They forgot my order, I waited 25 minutes for my bubble tea. The worst attitude I have ever experienced.
4	We stopped by here whole touring Carnegie Mellon in late June. This place is a hidden gem. The food was tasteful.  My teenage kids loved their noodles,  chicken and above all, their egg rolls. Theor portions are decent. Their service was quick. I highly recommend this place if you are on the area!
2	Pros: Bubble drinks are good. Wings and crab rangoon are crispy. Good service.Cons: Noodles were overcooked and either drenched in too much sauce or too dry/bland. Definitely not authentic asian cuisine.
1	Why.People eat here because it's the only Asian restaurant within walking distance that has enough seating to fit hoards of freshman that are hunting for chow mein and crab rangoons. I've given this place so many chances, and every time I end up asking myself, "Why am I eating this. Why am I here. Who am I." Freshman, please stop coming here and pretending this is good Asian food because it's not. Try Rose Tea or even Oriental Express. That huge space that Lulu's takes up could be something MAGICAL. Just think about it.
2	I have many fond memories at Lulu's. It was my first off campus dining experience while I was at CMU. Food was plenty and affordable. Yesterday, I went back for the first time in more than 5 years. The positives:- things haven't changed- affordable pricing- generous portions- fast service- varietyThe negatives:- things haven't changed- variety (see more explanation below)- overly-Americanized "Asian" food- bubble tea overly sweet and artificialI stick with what I know is decent:- Crab Rangoons- Beef Chow Fun- Pan Fried Noodles- Wonton Noodle SoupThis really isn't a place where you should try something new. If you decide to dine here, check out the reviews and pick which has the most votes.
2	Everything here sickly sweet and not well seasoned. I ordered the schezwan chicken and instead if something spicy it was chicken in a super sweet red-colored (most likely food coloring) sauce. On another occassion, I tried the bi bim bop. Also not spicy and a little on the bland side but at least it was edible. Asian fusion should keep the essence of the dish and recombine it in innovative ways. In order to do this you should have some concept of how the original, traditional dish tastes and is prepared. Most of the lulu's cookbook was created by someone who has never tasted or set eyes on the original dish and has only read a description of the dish.
2	I LOVED Lulu's in grad school, but like so many things, Lulu's has changed dramatically since 2009.  I took some friends this weekend, and was almost embarrassed to have made the recommendation.  The decor was strange-the large posters of people covered in noodles that had seemed edgy before now just seem sad and dated.  The service was just ok-friendly, but slow, and our silverware was just thrown onto the center of the table for us to fight over. My spicy Szechuan noodle bowl was not only not spicy, it had hardly any flavor except forthe fresh cilantro garnish.  I had to drench it in Sriracha to make it edible.  The noodles were all sticky and clumped together.  Even my beloved crab rangoons were not nearly as good as I remembered-too sweet...much more of a dessert than an appetizer.  I wish I never would have went back and would have let this place remain a fond memory from my college days.
4	Here's what you need to know about Lulu's: It's cheap, the portions are huge, and it's tasty. It's not really authentic Asian food. However, I usually pay less than 20 bucks for a meal for two, including two bubble teas. And there's usually enough leftovers for a second meal. I'll take it. And the service is typically super fast.I've been coming here with my significant other for six or seven years now, mostly because we had our first date here and it's convenient to a lot of places we go. We're married now, and still come back, but only occasionally.It seriously hasn't changed at all from the first time we went, except that they just recently raised prices a little bit. (Which is OK. Inflation happens.)My favorite eats: Chicken Noodle Bowl, Singapore Rice Noodles, Hot and Sour Soup.I don't recommend the pho. I've had it twice, and it's watery and very bland.His favorite eats: Singapore Rice Noodles, Beef Chow Fun, Pad Thai.Also keep in mind that this place is in the heart of a college neighborhood, nestled between Pitt and CMU, so there's going to a lot of college kids eating there. For the most part, I'm indifferent about that.If you're looking for authentic Asian food, go somewhere else. But if you're looking for cheap food, big portions and fast service, give this place a try.
4	My wife and I went to Lulu's for lunch after visiting the Carnegie Art Museum, having found Lulu's on Garmin's Mapsource for my GPS as a restaurant within easy walking distance of the museum.  After reading some Yelp reviews, and comparing Lulu's with some other restaurants, we decided it was as good as any others and seemingly better than some in the area (Ali Baba, our first choice, isn't open on Saturdays).  I got Singapore Noodles, and my wife the Beef and noodles dish.  The service was fast, the food delicious (though mine was a bit light on the curry sauce and, upon mentioning this to our delightful waitress resulted in the dish being taken back to the chef, with the result of a nice amount of additional sauce added--they keep it light for American tastes, but I like it a bit heartier, and that's what I got after mentioning it).  The veggies in the Singapore noodles were done just right--crisp and tasty, with lots of chicken and shrimp, and other requisite goodies for that dish.  My wife said she really liked the Beef noodle dish, and gave me a taste--it was indeed yummy.  Next time we're downtown near Lulu's for lunch I think I'll try that one.  The place is bright and airy, with lovely modern surroundings, great wait staff, and clearly good food, and interestingly, not at all expensive for what you receive!  Great restaurant!  ...Next time too, I think I saw on the menu one of my old favorite Korean dishes: BiBimBop.  I suspect that'll be worth a try also.
4	So much good food! Large portions (and smaller ones if you're not super starved), delicious bubble tea (which now comes in three levels of sweetness and can be customized to whatever you prefer), and great for all ages! Try the Hong Kong Chow fun beef or the Singapore rice noodles.
2	LuLu's is ok when I'm feeling hungry and don't have much time. I'm glad that they finally changed their bubble tea menu that now allows you to choose options such as the kind of tea, different boba and juices that are available. You can even choose how much or little sweetener that you want in your tea. The food is sub-par. I have found that Dr. Fu's noodles are my go to dish even though the past two times I've ordered there were only five small pieces of chicken throughout the entire dish. So, go and try it but proceed with caution knowing that there are far better options out there for you.
2	I first started going here during college. Back then the food was delicious and inexpensive. The prices haven't changed much in 10 years. I think to make up for the prices staying the same, they decided to comprise quality. I recently I went there and ordered the Szechuan Chicken Noodle Bowl. The dish is supposed to be spicy, when it arrived and the sauce was red. It looked spicy, but as soon as I tasted it, I realized it was extremely sweet. The sauce was so sweet, that I was unable to eat it. Once the sauce started to cool down, the sauce started to thicken like candy.
2	I've been going here since late 90'-early 00's. THey have DOWNGRADED CONSIDERABLY. Yes, I have experienced better...especially at Lu Lu's not too long ago actually. Five years ago...I would have given them 4 stars (out a star for rude register attendants which has not changed).They use to have delicious Thai Ice tea...tragically discontinued. They use to offer a sauce with their crab rangoon...no more. They changed the milk from the bubble milk teas which curdles if you order certain flavors (mango). They changed the fine rice noodles in the wonton noodle soup to egg noodles, all while the prices soared. They probably pay no mind of the loss of my and my family's long standing patronage, because most of their patrons are huge influx of students and people who come and go and are use to their average local american-asian fast food establishments, have no clue that all asian restaurants on and near south Craig is delicious, and have no clue on how superior Lu Lu's use to be even to their local rivals which now they stand beneath because they eliminated all of the best things they once offered  their consumers.Two stars remain due to their late hours and their portions remain generous (for now). There is a chance I would go there again for they remain about a step above the average low-end asian-american restaurants, but chances are...If I am in Oakland, I'm going to head to one of the other asian restaurants for they are ALL superior to the average asian fast food restaurants.
2	Horrible service. It doesn't exist. They bring your food out then leave you to go up to the counter to get drink refills. Staff all need to be trained ASAP if they want to stay in business.The noodles and food in general is alright. Nothing to write home about. They've slowly gotten worse. Not sure what's happening. Won't be going back.
1	Lulu's Noodles has a major identity crisis.  It's a weird hybrid of Chinese, Thai, and other asian dishes, except for it doesn't really execute any of them correctly.  It's probably the worst Asian food I've ever had- I'd rather go to panda express, honestly.  I got the pad thai and it definitely wasn't pad thai in any form....  Even the bubbles in the bubble tea were gross and soggy.I guess its redeeming qualities were that it's cheap and convenient.  But with two other asian restaurants close by, why bother.
4	I've been eating at Lulu's for years, and I especially love the reasonable prices and good service.  There are several dishes that I consistently order, and one I'd like to highlight is the Basil Chicken dish.  It's delicious, very flavorful and the portion size is generous.  The location in Oakland is convenient to the many events I go to, so I find it  a great place to meet friends.
5	I have loved this place for 14 years!  Cheap, casual and delicious.  Just go in knowing that your food comes to your table when it's ready regardless if your friends' food is ready.  Favorite menu items:Dr. Fu's with a side of plum sauceSpicy Schezuan noodle bowlCrab Rangoon
5	We go out of our way to eat here and have never had a bad meal.  The K5 noodle bowl, soups, crab rangoons, and even the general tso's chicken are great.  Nothing tops the K5 noodle bowl though.  Prices are cheap and the food is made quickly.  One of the best places in Oakland.   I see there are a lot of bad reviews and maybe some people have had bad experiences, but I don't hesitate to recommend them.  In my opinion this place is top notch and worth sharing.
4	Love this place. The food is prepared super fast, always delicious and its healthy. The new pop machine is awesome as well.
