4	I have been going to this place since it was Riva's. The been & cheese burrito enchilada style cannot be beat. The chicken burrito is good too. It is a little place with a drive thru that is always fast. Be sure to get the red hot sauce, it is fantastic! They are open 24 hours. The breakfast burritos are good and everything is HUGE! Bring your appetite...
4	LOVE this place. taquitos are good, the tortas are phenomenal. Rice and beans to call your abuelita and brag about. $1 taco night is an event at my house. When family comes over, I recommend this place. Especially on late Friday nights.  Priced well and portioned very well. Best in the valley. Although, I am open to suggestions.
4	Let's see open 24 hours and drive thru service I'm sold. Really I ordered a chicken and a cheese enchilada. It came with rice and beans for under $7.00. It was really food. The chicken had a good flavor. The rice was cooked to perfection. The beans were just how I like them not to runny or dry. Must use the red hot sauce they give you it just kicks up the meal. Next time I'll ask for sour cream.
5	WOW! Is all I have to say. I'm from Texas and I've been looking for a place just like this. Cheap and very very good!I got the chicken fajitas to go.The fajitas were mixed in with colorful bell peppers and cooked onions. The homemade tortillas was there to compliment the mix. The also put a great portion of beans and rice. To my surprisement there were also guacamole, pico de gallo, and sour cream ready to put inside my torn off tortilla.I have moved here about a year ago and this is my place I love more than any chain or off chain restaurant for mexican food. It's almost as if I'm right at home.
4	You know that it's a good stop for Mexican food when Drive Thru is spelled Drive Trhu on their business sign and they spell Height incorrectly - Hight - on the overhang in the actual Drive Thru.Rienda's is one of those quick Mexican places that proves you don't have to spend $10 at a sit down restaurant to get really solid and tasty Mexican food. Plus, it's open 24 hours for the hungry human that wants some greasy food late at night.
3	Definitely a good place to go when you have that hankering for late night mexican. In my opinion 1 step above Filibertos and cheap. I've had the Super Nachos (4stars), Arizona Burrito (3 1/2 stars) and Carne Asada Burrito (4 stars)Overall A-Ok place to go when your in the mood for this kind of food
4	Wednesday is taco night; tacos are one dollar. Their hard shelled tacos are a perfect combination of crispy but tender. They break easily when you bite into them, but they aren't chewy. The chicken tacos are very large and taste better than the beef tacos. I like to come here on Wednesdays. I've tried a few other things on the menu and the breakfast burritos and crane as ads burritos are also very good. I don't know if the horchatas are made on site or not, but they're pretty good.The only thing I tried that I didn't like was the fish burrito. I tried it because it was echo mended to me by a friend, but it just wasn't good. I think it had tartar sauce on it. Also one Wednesday they "ran out" of chicken tacos. I'm not sure how that's possible, but it happened at 7 pm with no one else buying anything there. Tat only happened once in 20 visits there, so it was probably a fluke. Also I don't think they are open 24 hours anymore. Better than Filberto's. an excellent choice for good Mexican fast food.
4	This place fixes all of my late night problems. Starving after a late -night shift? Gotcha! Drank too much? No problem! Middle of the night dare to eat a whole steak burrito in one sitting? Not recommended, but possible!I LOVE the food here. I've had a lot of different items, and have yet to not like one. The nachos are AMAZING - steak, guac, SC... MMMMM. They are also enough to feed a family of 5. Unless you're me. The fish tacos and steak burritos are equally crave-able. I'm seriously salivating just writing this review. LOVE this place. And everything is CHEAP!The ONLY thing that makes me sad about this place, is that it's no longer open 24hrs. Which is a blessing in disguise, since I now have a limited time to be completely gluttonous. But I do believe it closes at 11pm now. Tear.
2	it was ok..
4	Too bad it closed down I was a faithful customer. They had really good food and breakfast burritos!
