5	I was taking the last flight from Las Vegas back home and it was delayed!! I went out on a search for some coffee, and Coffee Beans gates were closing. We arrived and the lady was about to pull down the gate and lock up the store. Me: Your closing?? (*giving the desperate sad face*)CB Lady: Yup, we close at 9pm.Me: Is there anywhere else in the airport that has coffee? CB Lady: No, Starbucks closes at 8pm and everything else closes at 9pm....what did you guys want to order?Me: Just a cup of coffee. (but I actually wanted a white choco mocha, but figured if I got coffee, she might let us in)CB Lady: all right girls, go on in and order your coffee. Yippee...I got my coffee, she brought out the creamer and we were on our way out. The price was a bit much...2 regular coffees came out to $6 and some change and I only had a buck left which I left for tip and officially left vegas with an empty wallet! But I left warm and caffinated. Thank you Coffee Bean for letting us in!
5	Yay they toast their bagels! However, they need to provide light cream cheese.
4	Got a delicious iced mocha latte and loved it! They made it as good as my favorites make it at my local starbucks.I also bought water for $0.64. At first I was a little bummed tht water cost any money at all but it was worth it. I don't know if I was dehydrated or what, but that was some good ass water! The ice too was the kind of ice I love but rarely see. Ice chunks rather than cubes or crushed is the best way to explain it. There's also free refills on water so ehhh the chump change was worth it!
4	I had an early flight out of McCarran and was in desperate need of coffee. Coffee Bean & Tea was the only place open at 4am, so I stopped in. I got a medium sized Pumpkin Latte, usually one of my favorite coffee drinks. It tasted alright, I've definitely had better at Starbucks but for 4am anything with caffeine was fine by me. It is a little pricey, but you might as well expect that buying anything at the airport.I give this place 4 stars, not because their coffee is spectacular, but because they understand early morning travelers just need coffee period.
3	I thought my drink was too soft. it wasnt strong enough since I asked for 2 extra shots. Plus the guy messed up on my drink which killed it. overall, I wouldnt want to sip on their coffee while waiting inside the airport.
4	I love Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf...I really wish we have one in Portland, OR. I don't know why Coffee Bean doesn't wink at us yet. When I was in Vegas and I saw this coffee shop at the airport, I just had to have the Cherry Mocha freeze (I forgot the actual name :(..bad me). I spent almost $6 for medium size of blended coffee drink and I didn't feel guilty about it. Now, if they opened one in Portland, I don't think I can afford to have one often. I just wish there's one closer to home.
4	i love me my mom and pops coffee shops, but i have to say this Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf is pretty great! I used to go to this location often for my soy chai latte's. I am a HuGe fan of loose leaf tea and couldn't believe they sold it?!?!6 years have passed and although the staff has changed, i still enjoy stopping by for my soy chai latte and the occasional soy vanilla ice blended! =)
3	Early flight out of Vegas and the line for Coffee Bean wound out and down.  Total characters in that line, but that's probably a different yelp review.  The line did move decently.  The servers, while not overly friendly, were getting drinks out.   Prices were a little higher than typical.  But it was open and doing business before dawn cracked.
3	After finishing a Vegas run, I'm always ready for my Coffee Bean fix before I head home.  The San Francisco Bay Area barely has any locations, only one that I know of in downtown San Francisco.  I knew ahead of time the drink I wanted, a Malibu Dream, a concoction of strawberries and bananas.I was a little disappointed that they didn't have the drink.  Nevertheless, I opted for one of their summer drinks and chose the Strawberries & Cream, which I felt tasted the same. I also treated myself to a low-fat chocolate croissant.  The drink was consistent with every other Coffee Bean drink I've had, but the croissant felt a little dry.  However, it could of been my fault as I visited the cafe thirty minutes before closing.  I will, however, take Coffee Bean any day over Starbucks.
4	Man, waiting for them to open one in the South Bay. The only one I know of in NorCal is the one in Frisco, and sorry, I wouldn't drive all the way up there for this. I would, though, drive to milpitas or something.Anyhow, saw this the second I got off my fight and had to have one. I am in love with the iced dark chocolate latte. In. Love.
5	Merry was the lady who rang my friend and I up most recently and let me tell you -- she was definitely living up to her name.  She was So bright, cheery and funny.  This truly made my morning even more excellent than I had expected. and of course, Coffee Beans consistently amazing soy vanilla lattes continue to rock my world.
4	My flight out of the Vegas airport was delayed so I needed something to sip while I read my book and waited to board. This Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf was the first spot I saw near the C gates to get a drink.As I walked up I noticed a sign for pineapple flavored iced tea. I was intrigued. I asked the lady helping me if she had it, and if she liked it. Her expression said it all. I ended up getting an iced amaretto latte instead.The drink was good, albeit a tad too sweet for me (and I tend to like sweeter drinks). A little pricey but it's the airport, everything is marked up there it seems.
4	I NEEDED coffee after traveling for many hours in what felt like several planes. It was my first time at this establishment and the coffee was a light roast and very flavorful. Nothing like starbucks (which tastes like it was burned on an overheating diesel engine IMO).
3	Holy cow this pumpkin spiced latte is sweet!!!
4	Why 4 stars? Because this iced coffee deserves no complaint.    ---   ---   ---The sign on the menu labeled their iced coffee to be the best coffee in the world. Was it that? Hard to say. That's like going to the mall, walking around about half of the Macy's, and labeling it the best mall in the world. I haven't been to places like Belgium, Russia, Prussia, Monaco, Peru, Edmonton, The West Indies, New Brunswick, Roanoke, or The Republic of Congo. There are other places as well, but that about covers most of it.I guess I'll have to go back to The Coffee Bean, and then visit these other places to compare.
1	Really overpriced and the worst coffee I have ever had. I am a coffee grower and I was just amazed at how bad the coffee was.
2	Vegas baby airport coffee what the hell.  This place had 2 people working and 30 in line, no dark roast made.  They could of used another person working, Hello Holiday weekend people on their way to family hell!  I know because I have to go out for coffee because my Mom makes weak 1/2 Decaf Folgers (Not that I don't love my Mom).  I would go around to Starbucks the McDonalds of coffee, you always know what you are going to get.
2	They were training a new employee when I arrived. It's an airport location but since I was the only customer, I expected nothing out of the ordinary. I asked for a tea latte with less ice but the girl taking my order just gave me a "sure" without passing on the specification. The barista making my drink gave me a full cup of ice (when I finished, half my cup was still crushed compacted ice) and then didn't bother to wipe down a dripping wet cup after she shook it. Splashes of tea all over my blouse? Not cool.Only redeeming factor was when I asked to speak with a manager, she offered to refund my beverage and/or make a new one. I took the refund. She didn't look all that thrilled with listening to my problems. It's okay, I'm equally as not thrilled to be writing this review.
4	This was a good experience.
4	The best coffee(tea)house chai I've ever had...and it came from an airport, by the slot machines. Each order of tea is steeped to order, so it takes about 3-4 minutes to get your drink...but it's worth the wait. So yummy...my coffee-drinking boyfriend drank almost half of it. He thought it was good too, unfortunately. They sell cups of Umpqua Oats too, if you don't want to fool around with eggy breakfast sandwiches.
2	This is for the Coffee Bean in Terminal 3 - Jet BlueI ordered a Cafe Mocha and the barista served up a Mocha Latte.  I said  I had ordered a Cafe Mocha and she said it was the same thing which is the first time I have ever heard this.   Looking at their menu, they are two distinct items ( I believe a Cafe Mocha is made with coffee and a Mocha Late is made with Espresso) and of course the Mocha Latte is at a higher price point - coincidence? Deduction in points for rude customer service.
1	Norma took my order this morning. I asked for a regular winterdream tea & waited for almost 10 minutes for it. She said "hey lady, your latte is ready". First of all, that is not proper language to address a customer. I told her I ordered a regular winterdream tea & wanted to be refunded the extra amount she had charged me for a completely different drink. She insisted I ordered a latte. I told her I know what I ordered, & it was a winterdream tea. She rolled her eyes & made a sarcastic comment to her co-worker making the drinks. She finally refunded me the extra $2.50 I was charged & I got the tea I ordered...20 minutes after I originally ordered it. She has very poor customer service. She needs an attitude adjustment & needs to be reminded how lucky she is to have a job while there are others more deserving of it.
4	located in new T3...so brand spankin' new!  very good location...with friendly staff.  way overpriced, but what the hey, it's the usual airport monopoly.  i just got a regular coffee and two small bottles of water -- for $7-something.  the coffee was average, if not a tad above average.  below starbucks for sure, so take that as you may...
2	While our drinks were perfect the 2 star review is for customer service/ambiance.Mary is a loud and obnoxious person and very offensive. It's incredibly hard to enjoy my beverage while I can hear her yelling at her coworkers to shut up. Had she not been working this would have been a 5 star review.
4	Love CB&TL's Blueberry Pomegrante ice blend. This location had it, made it, was great, I was happy.
5	Today I was served THE BEST chai tea latte with almond milk. I've been testing different ones and this one knocked the others out of the park. It wasn't made with a premade mix it was made with loose tea leaves. Highly recommended and I hope your spirits are lifted from a long day of traveling, just like mine were!
4	Dear people, if you see people waiting before you and a drink comes out, it's probably not your drink. Yup, that happened to me when I was here. Seriously, people, PAY ATTENTION. Luckily, the staff was nice about it and made me another one rather quickly. The red velvet blended drink I had was pretty good too.
1	F-
5	The location at concourse C was great, they were friendly, fast, courteous, and fun. It's an airport location but that didn't seem to stop them from enjoying themselves. The genmaicha with honey was done well, and my travel partners drink was exactly to her specifications. Keep up the good work. It gets 5 for being well done and right even in an airport and while the mgr was teaching our barista. Thumbs up guys.
2	Coffee was good. The service sucked. Rude and very condescending. Maybe she was having a bad day. But man was she rude.
5	For cold drinks the smallest size is 16oz - For hot drinks the smallest size is 12 oz.Great coffee place.  I had a cold blended mocha and it tasted really yummy.
1	Asked for a cup of water with the overly priced lousy coffee at $3.12. They would provide that for an additional an additional 65 cents even with me providing the cup for the water. Next time I will make sure to visit Starbucks!
4	Consistently refreshing, different and unique. :-) friendly staff.
1	They don't have any Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf cafes where I am from in California, so I was happy to find one here at the airport. I asked the cashier what menu item was cold and blended "similar to a frapuccino" so he told me to order an original ice blended coffee. However, when I went to pick up my drink I overheard the cashier tell the barista "she asked me for a frapuccino", to which they both made snarky comments. I was standing there the entire time. Ridiculous service. Why not take the time to talk about the different beverages and you just might get a fan of the brand.
