4	I kind of hate supporting big box operations, but after searching high and low for new ski gear, I was having trouble finding a place locally that had a wide array of ski boots to try on. I was pleasantly surprised to find 20ish different pairs for women at Sport Chalet! REI, by contrast, had 4. They carried 3-4 pairs in every major brand. Most places offer you a discount when you buy the skis and boots from them. The discount here wasn't great (only 15%), but still nice to have. I tried on 13 pairs over the course of 2 hours and the sales guy was so freaking patient and helpful and nice. I ended up liking the cheapest pair the best for some reason, but the guy did tell me as ski boots go up in price they get less and less comfortable - a phenomenon I found to be true myself! He didn't try to upsell me or pressure me into getting skis, but everything was going so freaking well I ended up getting some skis, too. I price checked everything on my phone and with the 15% discount, ended up spending less here than I would have most anywhere else. Overall a great buying experience. I can't thank my salesguy enough for his extreme patience level during my 13 boot 2 hour escapade :)
3	This is the first Sports Chalet I had been in and it was a good experience.Great selection of sporting goods for all sports and a ton of bikes clothes etc. I am impressed by the scuba lessons there and am thinking of takin the wife and getting certified. Ok..back to the visit lol. Was in the market for some home workout gear and had price shpped some sparring gear for the wife and went from Big 5 here to pick it up. The salesmen was very helpful but not suffocating which is a skill more salespeople lack. Only reason its getting 3 instead of 4 stars is some of the things I couldnt pickup yet are not listed on their www which is poor continuity if you ask me. Still they were the best price to the larger pieces I wanted so I will be back.
4	I've shopped here a few times, and have always had a good experience. On different occasions I have bought a rash guard for my husband, New Balance tennis shoes, and Roxy flip flops for myself. I purchased all of these things on sale for a really great price- better than I could find in other stores or online. While I prefer the look of a store like REI to Sports Chalet (think Target vs Kmart), everyone in Sports Chalet is very helpful and never pushy. My latest experience, however, was this weekend taking a "Discover Scuba" class. I cannot stress enough how amazing this opportunity is to anyone that has considered learning to dive, but fearful of putting such a large investment into something they may not like. They offer the class on the 3rd Saturday of every month. It's free. They provide the tank, mask, and fins for you to use- just show up with a bathing suit and towel. My husband dives a lot and really enjoys it, so I wanted to give it a shot. This class was a great opportunity. You learn a bit about how to use the equipment before you get into the (heated) pool to work with a dive instructor for about 45 minutes. My only complaint about the class is that it goes a little fast. I was not completely comfortable using the equipment in the shallow end and they were already wanting me to go in the deep end. Everyone else in the class was fine though, I can just be a baby. So if you've ever thought about diving, I would definitely give them a call and ask to sign up for the next class. It even counts as one of your pool dives if you do consider becoming certified. It's a great deal. I should note that the "Discover Scuba" class will not provide you with dive certification- you will still need to take the Open Water course to become PADI certified.
5	I like shopping Sport Chalet especially for footwear.  Their no-questions-asked return policy is worth paying more for a shoe than buying at a discount place.  I bought a pair of Asics which I thought I'd love.  Walking around the store and the house was great.  However when I wore them to work and stood on my feet for 11 hours, I found the conversation between foot and shoe wasn't so great.  I wore them the next two days for 10.5 hrs each day.  Nope, the problem wasn't getting better.  So I returned the shoe, and they asked me if I wanted to try something else or just receive my money back.  How great is that??  These shoes had been worn.  I've never returned worn shoes before.  I had two uber-helpful young men assist me in finding another pair - New Balance this time.  I bought them with confidence that if something was amiss, I could return and keep trying until I found the perfect shoe.  I ask you, how much is that worth??
5	I visit this place at least once every couple weeks. It seems like they are the only large scale store that has any selection of swimming equipment, which I am very into. Each time I go, I need something different for my swimming, and I usually find a new item that I did not see before, and wind up buying it as well as what I came for.I also like their wide selection of resistance equipment and their workout apparel. Because they have a large selection of both, I now have a very good set of running shirts (yes there are specific types of shirt for running, so that you dont choke yourself) and I have several different resistance bands and kettlebells. Out of all the times I have been, I have never had any problems finding what I need, because of their excellent staff.The staff is also top notch. They don't swarm you like at REI. They give you time to look around, and if you seem like you can't find what you are looking for, then they attempt to help you. Also if you need help and are man enough to admit it, and ask them directly, they are very knowledgeable about their products, and are very helpful in guiding you to what equipment you may need.I love this place.
5	I took my Scuba Open Water course at Sport Chalet and it was amazing.  The pool was always clear and the instructor was wonderful.  He was patient, funny, but very professional.  Everyone in the store is friendly and helpful.  I have also bought my wet-suit, fins and all my diving gear at this store and the prices were reasonable.I have recommended this program and Instructor Jim and the store to all my business friends, who are physicians.  Keep up the good work.
2	Wide selection, but customer service wasn't all that great
4	For a big box sports store they carry a very nice and diverse selection of sporting goods. I was looking needed a wet suit for swimming in the pool when I'm too cheap to heat it. The scuba department was extremely helpful!In general the staff at the store is very accommodating. The only negative I have to say about this place is the running shoes are on the pricey side compared with the pricing at the boutique running stores in the valley :(
4	I dunno if I should bother writing a review, since I was only in here for 5 minutes.But within that 5 minutes, I was asked if I needed help twice, and the cashier was friendly.The prices seemed a little high on the stuff I was buying, but overall, the selection was good and I walked away a happy customer.
4	Nice selection of sporting goods, clothing and even a diving pool.  I came in here for a very specific item (which they had) and left with that plus 2 pairs of shorts, a pair of shoes and some sunglasses.  My only interaction with the staff was in the shoe department and at the register.  The shoe clerk was attentive and very friendly.  He also didn't mind me trying on multiple pairs and sizes to make sure I got exactly what I wanted.  Had I left with what I thought I wanted I would have been sorely disappointed a couple days later after wearing the shoes for real.  The clerk made me see the errors in my ways and pointed me in the right direction and my feet thank him for that.  The store was clean and well stocked.
4	I really like this Sport Chalet. The store is always stocked and they have some amazing sales here. They also send out discounts in the mail if you get a Sport Chalet card (free). I went here at the end of Ski season and me and the BF got all new Ski equipment at like 80% off. What a deal! I also went here and the guy in the shoe department was really helpful when I told him I needed running shoes. He had me run on the treadmill and checked my feet for the right shoes. Wow this was really great and made a huge difference. I normally go for the cutest shoes I can find and my feet always hurt. They will do this check for free people. Get it done of you are serious about your workouts, it rocks.I also like that the staff are really helpful and seem to be happy most of the time. They also have Scuba lessons outside in the Pool. Never done this, but thinking about trying.
4	In my opinion, this is the best place to find camping gear in Las Vegas.  I scoured REI, Bass Pro Shops for certain items, like a quality camping shower, without success.  This place, turned out, to be the only place in Las Vegas to find the shower I was looking for.  They also had a lot of great stuff like reusable camping plate/cup/utensil sets, magnesium flint fire starters, cast iron skillets, and percolators.  They also had a nice selection of sleeping bags with prices comparable to Amazon.  Score!I'm definitely going to go back to check out their mountaineering and other sports gear.  This place has everything!
4	First... Sport Chalet over Sports Authority any day. For your general physical activity needs, SA has you covered, but keyword "general". I feel that SA is great to get things going for whatever activity you pick up whether it be tennis, running, scuba diving, golf, lacrosse, ping pong, CrossFit, or even fishing. However when you get more serious about whatever you're doing, ie fishing then shops like Bass Pro Shops is where you need to go. I've found that most of the products you find at SA are decent quality and they carry most major brands.The Sport Chalet club card gives you $10 for every $100 spent, not bad! They can string rackets (takes way too long though), rent out equipment, teach you how to scuba dive, and recommend basic equipment for you. However if you're going to ask them recommend running shoes, I would take their advice with a grain of salt. Most likely the associates are not professionals and would not be able to tell you adequately what type of running shoe you need.The sales are great on paper, but most sizes are way too large for the general population, XXL shirts? Come on now...
3	This is the second Sports Chalet I have been to and this one didn't seem as friendly as the other one. Walking around the store, none of the people that worked there said hello (like the other ones I've been to). I eventually found what I was looking for but I think I would go back to the other one in the southwest next time.
5	Love this store and there clearance racks. Found 4 compression shirts, all at @7.93 a piece (normally $29.95 and up) and all name brand. This store has a great selection and holds more then the stores in henderson and arroyo park. Customer service is always on point as well. Always friendly and courteous to me.
4	I like going to Sport Chalet because they have a pretty wide selection of equipment- way more so than your average sports store you would find in a mall. The store itself is very large and generally very well stocked. There are three things that stop me from giving them a full 5 star rating1. Organization- Things in the store are often spread out all over the place. This isn't true for things like a baseball bat that are sport specific. But I was trying to find a few things (water bottle, gym towel) and they had at least 3 places in the store where different versions of these items were located so you have to walk around everywhere or risk missing what you are looking for.2. Prices- for the most part you can get things cheaper online. The major important exception to this is sale prices. You can sign up for their email alerts and when they have a sale you can find insane discounts of 50% or more on a lot of products. I almost never shop here when there isn't a sale now a days. Sometimes I am willing to pay a small amount more to have the product instantly but oftentimes I just wait for amazon prime. If you dont have the amazon app to price check I would highly recommend it. 3. A little uderstaffed- Granted I usually go in the evening before or after working out, but often there is only a handful of people working so if you actually need help from someone it can be hard to come by.
3	Wow.   Like target and REI prices so high for just a foam roller unless you need it now.... It's Amazon time!!I've been in several times and the people are always nice and helpful but I can never find whatever it is I'm looking for!  Running shoes for high arch and mild pronation...not that fit comfortably, gel padded full length bike pants in my size...nope; reasonably price foam roller and big inflatable ball... nope.  I think I bought a pair of socks or two a couple of years ago that I liked.  (I also think I paid $10 each but they were airy and comfortable and made a hot sweaty workout not as bad.
4	It was my first time at Sports Chalet. I came here looking for new pair of swim goggles since my attempt at REI was a waste of time. Friend recommending coming here cause it nice size store and has very good diversity of products. Ironic. Just last week checked out another sporting goods store Big 5. Talk about night and day compare the two stores. Not only in size but love the diversity in Sports Chalet. From the ping pong tables, the whole scuba section (baffles me; sure there Lake Mead but come on) not only gear but pool outside the store that can get certified or lessons, and more but since came here just for goggles never looked around. The middle section with cloths had nice selection. The prices not say are the cheapest but again not on higher end side. The goggles wound up getting was right around par compare online swim stores or other stores. I loved the fact they carried TYR brand goggles. Big fan not only are they great for triathlons but just for normal use. The customer service might be the only thing say negative experience. Not many workers walking around checking on customers. Thankfully figure goggles near the scuba section cause no real sign tells you what section has what. If need some sporting good on the go would make stop at Sport Chalet!
4	For those outdoors enthusiast and sports minded people, Sport Chalet has little bit of everything.  There prices are reasonable, but I always wait for a sale, then take advantage of their fine selection of clothing and shoes.  I have bought many items from them over the years.  Their return policy is awesome and their staff are friendly and helpful.  I don't usually come to this particular one unless I happen to be at that end of town though.
3	The only reason why I gave this place 3 stars is because if the help that I did finally receive when all was said and done.. I asked a question around 6 pm to the shorter gentleman ( under 5'11) with the beard (not the cashier).. I asked him where the toe warmers were and he rudely informed me he could not help me because he was waiting on someone else he was helping. Mind you I did not see any one near him. Instead of him being polite about the situation he was very rude.. I couldn't even say anything I just had to walk away.. It's not what he said, it's how he said it.. And on top of that he could have either pointed me to the right direction or have me to another associate.. I'm done.. Smh
