1	Came here a few weeks ago because I needed the alignment done on my car. As soon as I walked in, the man who was at the counter already gave me a bad feeling to this place. He was very snotty and treated me rudely, probably because I am a female and he thinks I know nothing of cars.  I ask him prices for alignment, let him know my car has a modified suspension, agree to the price and he takes my keys. I go sit down and wait,  next thing I hear is my car starting up and the tech guy is taking the car out to Sunset Rd. and peeling out, speeding, revving the exhaust. He comes flying back into the parking lot (i can see everything thru the window) and then rude counter guy comes back in to tell me they can't fit my car on the lift. So instead of doing the smart approach, and seeing if the car would go on the lift FIRST they decide to take it for a joyride and waste the gas instead. Horrible shop, I would never ever recommend anyone to come here!  Rude staff and horrible customer service.
5	There are many places to buy tires in Las Vegas. But in my experience there is nobody that sells tires in the way Discount Tires does. Sure you can get cheaper tires in a lot of places. But if I want the best, and I want the best SERVICE to back it up, this is where I go to get it. Case in point: I bought Michelin tires for my car at this location in Sept 2011. On a recent road trip to the Midwest my rear tires started showing heavy wear, by the time I got back to Vegas they were like racing slicks. I took my car to this Discount Tire location to have them take a look. I arrived at 7:45 a.m., 15 min before they technically opened. I was greeted promptly before I even made it to the door. The computer system wasn't up yet, they worked around it. When they realized the tires had barely 15,000 mi on a 65,000 mi rated tire they started looking into how to make adjustments. With the computers still not up they called other stores to use their computers. Long story short they bent over backwards, did a price adjustment and I got two brand new Michelin replacements for under $150.00. And they did this with no attitude and a genuine concern to fix the problem. They even went so far as to call the Goodyear shop a couple of blocks down on Sunset to ask about what could have caused the premature wear. They also referred me to this shop as this Discount Tire location does NOT have any means of doing alignments. Long story short they went above and beyond to help me. And in the process they checked my front tires out, adjusted the air pressure, and had me on my way in under 40 min from start to finish. When I need tires I admit I comparison shop. I look at Sams, Big O, and other places and I keep coming back to Discount. They just treat me right. 5 stars - earned by service with a smile, good value, and quality products that they stand behind.
5	When it comes to anything to do with my car I freak out. Discount Tire saved my life one night. It's 5:45pm and I'm leaving a shopping center on Stephanie and Sunset. It's dark and I'm done shopping. All I am thinking about is grabbing something quick to eat, getting vodka and getting home to take my damn bra off. I back out of my parking spot and hear a crunch. I ran over a soda can, no biggie. WRONG. I drive ten yards and it sounds like I'm on Rocky Mountain Railroad. This mouseketeer was not happy. I get out and notice an enormous screw in my tire. Immediately I get back in the car and head up the hill in hopes I can make it to the nearest tire store. I was screwed.At 5:57pm I pulled into Discount Tire. More like stormed in because I hate car drama. Two friendly salesmen welcomed me and asked what I needed. I explained the situation and also said my tires are not from Discount and I am not here to buy four new tires tonight so don't even play that game with me right now. He smiled, took my keys and within seconds someone was looking at my tire. Mind you, I was exhausted and this is the last place I wanted to be. The employee offered me coffee, bottled water and a sucker. All of which I declined. He also told me to check out Chicken Shack across the street. Still, with my piss poor attitude he was being nice to me. That's when I noticed the sign on the door that said they close at 6pm! WOW. I humbled up real quick knowing they could have locked the door on me.6:15pm he brings me the keys and told me it was all done. They were able to fix it, but I will be needing a new tire very soon. NO COST for fixing the tire. He handed me his card and said if my tire place doesn't take care of me than he will be happy to. Thank you Discount Tire for saving my pathetic ass that night. I will not forget your first class service. FYI, I did go to Chicken Shack and for the record it's BOMB and I can only do the small meal:) Kudos for that, too!
5	I needed a tire for my car and could only afford a used one. After calling several places, I called this location and spoke with Chad. He quoted me a price which was just a tad bit more than I had spent for my other used tire ( which was bought at another location) but he told me that since they didn't have any used tires my size, he was going to sell me a BRAND NEW tire at that price. I rushed over there and not only did they change my one tire but rotated and balanced it as well at no extra cost!!! They also found a nail in one of my tires and patched that up too! The service was impeccable and their customer service was above and beyond!
5	Extremely courteous and expedient. Fixed my tire for no charge. A+
5	I too, as another poster mentioned, freak out whenever I have to get my car fixed because I feel like I'm going to get talked into purchases and repairs that I don't need.  I walked into Discount Tire after having a not so great experience at the one on Marks Street a while ago, and needed a new front and rear tire on the passenger side of my vehicle. They were quite busy, but the manager was handing out bottled waters to everyone! Bigger waiting area than most places. After getting my information into the system, we walked outside and checked out my tires.  The other tires were ok, and after going back inside, he gave me several options of tires, explained the warranties, how well they compared to other tires, etc. I ended up buying the protection plan which actually covers tires on my car that were not purchased at Discount Tire as well!  Awesome sauce!    Took less than an hour to get my new tires on, and I feel like I drive on clouds now instead of dirt roads. Seroiusly, that's how bad my tires were prior to having them replaced at Discount Tire.   Love you guys, and I'll definitely be back, hopefully not too soon though!
5	I love this tire shop. The employees are nothing but friendly and knowledgeable. When I was younger I use to sell tires every day while I was going to school. There's not much about them that I don't know. However the same can be said for the employees at this discount tire center as well. These guys greet you right when you walk in the door. They pass out bottled water and ask if you'd like coffee while you wait. And they give amazing deals on tires. I was on the phone yesterday because my mom needs to get some new tires for a road trip and I was on the phone joking around in good natured conversation with two of the employees behind the counter and then scheduled her appointment. It's one of the few places, especially in Vegas, where they just want to help their customers. Out here in Vegas, we got maybe 3 years max on the tires we buy because the desert just eats them up alive. This is where I come for my replacements. Some of their tires even cover dry rot replacements so it's free!I know there is one bad review in here and I can only say that I have NEVER been treated that way at this location. I've also seen many women come in and get treated the same way myself and others were treated, with respect and integrity. I can assume that if there were any employees there like that at the time that particular reviewer went in they must certainly have been fired by now. I know the manager and assistant manager there and they would put up with behavior like that for about 2 seconds. Either way, can't recommend these guys enough.
4	I'm a Fan because they fixed my Flat for free, which is standard for Discount Tire. For me FREE is always good.
5	Nice place and friendly people. I went there to double check tire pressure on my car. I had gone to the gas station yesterday to put air in the tires and wasn't comfortable with the accuracy of the tire gauge. They were so accommodating. Thank you!
5	The Manager Alex and his team were awesome. Got in quick and everything was great.  Discount is always on top of it.
5	Ask for Alex to help with tire purchase. He doesn't try to just sell the tires. Customer's satisfaction is matter most to him. He is one of the best managers in discount tire chain. I recommend this place. Great service!
5	I called them at 7 am on a Saturday and asked if they had time to patch a flat. They said they open at 8 but if I came in now they would fix me up. So I got there 30 minutes before opening time and was out of there before 8 am with two patches on that flat and no charge.  I went back 30 minutes later with my other car and had all four tires replaced. I called them when i left my house to say I was 10 minutes away and as soon as i pulled in the lot they hopped in and immediately went to work. 20 minutes later I was out the door with 4 new tires.  Every employee was beyond friendly. They offer complimentary water bottles and everybody who interacts with you will shake your hand and call you by name. I will not go to any other tire places in the Las Vegas Valley. These guys rocked!!
5	Wow! These guys greeted me before I even made it to the front door. They performed an inspection and rotated my tires in about 8 minutes and I was on my way! They were even helping 2 other guests. Great service!
4	They always give me a  great deal, i got 4 Yokohama tire for $450 with $60 revate.  I am very happy with that prcte.  Service is excellent.  I reccomend to ask better deal before you purchase.
5	These people have had my business for quite awhile now and they will continue to receive all my business.  From greeting you at the door with a bottle of water to the quickness of service, they excel above all others.  I recommend this place to all.
5	Absolutely amazing service. As soon as I walked in the door I was greeted and offered a cold water. Apparently I had picked up a screw so they patched my tire for free! They even repatched a patch that was done incorrecrly. They were fast and efficient. They even remebered my name when I left. I will totally be back! Amazing team! Go here! You wont be disappointed!
5	These people ARE AMAZING.  Simply Amazing.  Customer service exceeds all of the levels that it could.  I awkwardly parked in the parking lot with my friend.  My tires popped and it was the closest place to get tires.  So my friend and I was greeted by Alex.  He handed both of us cold bottled water and walked us in.  I was thrown back by the hospitality.  I walk in there, obviously not sure what I was doing.  I'm the stereotypical Asian-Woman driver that knows nothing about cars.  I told Alex about my situation.  I popped my tire and need assistance.  While he was helping my friend with my situation, I called Ted Wiens maybe hoping that I had a warranty on the tire, which were the ones that popped.  The people at Ted Wiens are a bunch if shit bags who enjoys having a stick up their ass.  I told Alex that I have no way of obtaining the tire, or the donut, or whatever he was asking from my car since I do not own a jack.  He said that because of my situation, he will ask one of his guy's to go meet me at my car and help put the tires on enough so I can bring it to the store and get it fully fixed.  He sends Bryce to help.  These workers are no joke.  They were AMAZING.  They were able to fix my tires in a timely manner.  I was already late for work due to the issue, but it was less than an hour for them to assist me.  Also, I didn't realize I had a spare in my trunk...Bryce and Alex found it for me.  Alex was in the process of refunding one of the tires, but I insisted on keeping the tire I paid for.  Not to mention, he gave me a full spare in case I had another accident.  These workers aren't set on profit, but also the well being of their customers.  That is something I truly appreciate.  Alex also gave me a discount because I was stressing about money due to my wedding.  He was AMAZING.  I absolutely ADORE Alex and Bryce.  Thank you so much for all of your help! I truly appreciate it!
5	The service here is amazing! The moment I walked in, I was greeted by a friendly and hospitable staff. Being a broke college student, JR, gave me some great advice/options in terms of replacing/ patching my tire in order to give me the most bang for the buck. From the service provided, it's clear that the employees are not there to push products on you; Rather, they are simply interested in helping you out.
5	I haven't bought tires in 8 years! Don't get all crazy on me, I've bought a second car so didn't need to. The last time I did was at a Discount Tire and had a pleasant experience and a great price, so decided to try them again at a different location when it was time to get tires put on my latest car.Glad I came here. The customer service cannot be beat. The sales team is very courteous and upfront with you in regards to the conditions of your tires and what you should purchase. The salesman I dealt with was shocked I had gotten so many years and miles on a basic tire that he recommended I go that route again, rather than trying to convince me to upgrade. What?! He then told me it was because they do not work on a commission. That helps your wallet out a lot, considering I was expecting to pay way more for new tires than I actually did.All in all I was extremely happy with the customer service, the price, the amazing warranty of free tire replacement and repair throughout the duration of my tires (if purchased as an upgrade, in which I did) and how smooth and nice my car now rides, exactly how they explained it would after install. They even replaced the valves. I will be back here soon to get new tires on my other car that they worked on 8 years ago. Now I admit that car is way overdue for new rubber, but I hardly drive it now so don't judge. :)
5	These guys are the best, they really stick by their name "DISCOUNT TIRES" I come from the other side of henderson to see these guys when I need tires. They really are the best, with great prices!!
5	I came in today to the store on Sunset to get one tire replaced due to a flat. Tony advised me that replacing one tire could end up blowing my transfer case due to the Traverse being AWD. I told him I didn't want to come out of pocket $800 today for all four. He worked it out with me and made me a deal I couldn't refuse. Super appreciative of his understanding and cooperation. Now I've got 4 new tires which was mandatory due to the amount of traveling I do. Not to mention, about a year ago I came to this same store to plug a tire that I didn't buy from them. They fixed it at no charge. This level of integrity is damn near unheard of in the auto industry. Thanks you Tony and crew. Signed, customer for life :)
5	These guys could not have been sweeter, more helpful, or more patient! My first experience purchasing tires and I was a hot mess! However,  every employee interaction I had was genuine and I felt that my best interests were top priority. I was informed about my options and felt confident with my purchase. They worked very fast and offered me water while I waited. I am so happy with my new tires and the service at this Discount Tire location!
5	Amazing service, with ease and kindness Jason took care of my minis tire computer system warning. Happy tires now!Don't you just love and so much appreciate great service?
