5	Had a last minute repair to some pants because my zipper broke. This place was close to the families house so in i went. They do make you pay up front, Guess its a guarantee youll pick up your clothes. Despite a employee losing my ticket and being helped by another one it was great service. And the zipper works better than the one that was originally on the pants. Reasonable prices as well.
5	I've been taking my dry cleaning to this location for about 10 years and had great service. If you get you items to them before 9am, they'll be ready by 4pm the same day. They're open Mon-Sat, and they open at 6am which is very convenient for dropping off items when I'm on my way to the office. They do the dry cleaning onsite, so I've never had anything lost. They have reasonable prices, and the owner and his staff are very friendly. They also have a laundry service, but I haven't used that because I wash my own clothes at home. I only use them for dry cleaning. I believe they send the laundry item out to another service provider.
1	I was a loyal customer for years until they destroyed two of my $60 shirts with pen ink. They offered me $45 total for both shirts...methinks not. The owner was rude when I explained to him the price difference. He ruined my shirts and offered me minimal compensation. I will never go back here again.
1	My son took (2) Brand NEW never worn dress shirts to them. They somehow got ink on both of them and ruined them. He paid $60 for each shirt. The owner of the cleaners gave him $45 and said that's all he could/would pay. Beware!!
5	I have been bringing my clothes to be cleaned and altered here for a while now and they have not disappointed me.I was so confident in them that I trusted them to alter the neckline of my wedding dress. Without my measurements, the seamstress flawlessly altered the dress to have the sweetheart neckline I wanted. It was that feature that made me love my dress that much more. Thank you!
5	The dry cleaner has been in this location forever - I've been dropping things off there for more than 20 years.Currently, with a son in ROTC at Eldorado High School, I'm using their service a LOT more.  They've been doing ROTC uniforms for years, so we always get perfect service. We lost the ticket once, and there was another set of uniforms for someone with the same last name and first initial - but the owner STILL figured out which was ours in just a couple minutes and we were on our way.The uniforms always come out perfectly and on-time. If they say they'll be ready at 2pm, they're ready at 2pm, not at 2:30 or 3 or whatever.  In fact, they're usually done earlier, which is nice because we can dash over when I pick my son up from school at 1pm. Save a trip, save gas.I've read good reviews of the alteration service, so I'm going to give it a try with my son's uniform pants. I'm tired of trying to hem them myself. Will post a review of that when it's done.
