5	My favourite shop! I love this place soooo much that 1) the staff know me by name2) I have been asked if I work for MB as I know all the products. 3) if you visited my house you will see their lovely things in every room.My friends say that the Amber cocoon hand wash smells of being a my house! For me smell is an emotional experience and I associate it with memories. This may sound over dramatic, but for example the firefly embers candle reminds me of Paris and the bergamot scent that wafted through our wee boutique hotel.  It carries me back there every time I light the candle, it is like Lindsay cat nip! The newly refurbished emporium on George Street is light bright and spacious. I can't be on George street without going in to wash my hands in the platinum sinks.  I am on the mailing list so get invited to all their guest evenings like tonight with the launch of the new products in the Pink pepper pod range.  The shop closes to the public and guests get plied with cava and canopies whilst getting pampered with hand massages or facials.  The knowledgeable and delightfully attentive staff are so enthusiastic.  With the guest nights you also get a goodie bag of 2 or 3 little bottles of shower gel or body lotion.  The little bottles are perfect for over night trips or taking to the swimming.This is not a ladies only place.  My husband Alan loves the gents range and whilst he's not exactly metrosexual he is happy to join me at the guest nights to be given beer, fed canopies, get a facial and buy luxurious shower products (that I also pinch!)Molton Brown is the best place to shop for presents for people who like their products & pampering or who are a night mare to get presents for.  Always beautifully wrapped and you get a free sample with any purchaseSo get on their mailing list, get to their events and I will see you there!
5	Thank you Molton Brown for another great invite evening.  This time we had a visit from Covet on Thistle Street showing a selection of their goods. I think I need to visit there soon to see more.There was also a demonstration from Designer Cake Boutique @ Haymarket and we got to try cup cakes, deliciousI got a great hand and arm massage from Rachael who used Ambrusca products.   couple of glasses of cava and a goody bag. Loving it, your welcome to join in........get on their mailing list!
5	Molton Brown has to be one of my uiltimate beauty favourites!!The staff are so friendly and willing to help with any questions, I particulalry love the evening invites to have a mull around the shop whilst having a glass of Champers, canapes, a free hand massage and a goodie bag to top it off !!  Who would not love love love that?Lush treats for Christmas!
5	Went into MB for the very first timeIn George Street. Was expecting a slightly snobbish service...coz MB is expensive...compare to the usual boots and super drug.  But from time to time you gotta love yourself and treat yourself.  So walked in..expecting all that..I had my self conscious mode switched on...coz I say random things when im nervous..didnt want that. A sales girl approached me and I thought ok..thats it, be normal..dont go mental sniffing..and I spent the next twenty minutes sniffing all the different fragrances they had in the shower gel range.Thought I might be left alone doing my own sniffing and being weird...but the salesgirl was very patience and even try pouring some shower gel into the hand basin and mixing it with some water to let me get a even better idea of actually using the product.  Impressed. Then she went on explaining some products are especially good for cold wintery nights and some of waking you up this and that.  Impressed.  The fragrance...big impress. So overallTheir products smells amazing. Their in shop service was excellent. You get to sniff all you like..even with company. Got a few things for myselfDefinitely going back. Yes quite dear but the choice of fragrance and their service won me over.
5	Molton Brown have brought out a limited edition hand wash & lotion called Rhubarb & Rose. As I am on their mailing list, I was invited along for a hand and arm massage and a glass of sparkling rhubarb cordial which was delicious. I am loving the rhubarb and rose range, it has a sharp but zesty fragrance that you could drink! I couldn't help myself, I had to have some. Ended up buying the full set which included the tube of hand cream with white truffle oil in it. I hope that they add this to their permanent range.
