4	Shady Grove has good food. They have wraps, salads, and pizzas - and a servicable beer & mix drink menu. It's a good place to go and have a conversation over dinner - not that it's quiet, but I remember having a good conversation every time I've gone there.After 10 they go 21+ and have cheap pitchers.
1	This dining experience was lousy(company excluded), and a reminder to me that I should always trust my sushi instincts.  If Shady Grove is the best that  Walnut Street has to offer as far as drinking and dining, then it's no wonder that Shadyside needs a boost of steroids.  Perhaps, Barry shouldn't have been so quick to leave the Burgh or he should have left some of his good stuff behind.  My friend and I decided to order some of their artisan pizzas, and the Margharita and the Pesto were our choices.  The  honey wheat dough tasted like it came directly from the nearest Taco Bell caramel apple empenada assembly line.  The mutilated tomato bits strewn across each of the pizzas also must have come from a Taco Bell assembly line. Most of the items that should have been on the pizza were MIA.  When I asked our server about it, her expression was as empty as the street outside, which i thought would be jam packed with shoppers considering it was the Sidewalk Sale Event.
3	Some friends and I stopped here so we could sit outside, have a couple drinks, and relax.  This place met those needs.  We didn't try any of the food, beyond the fruit cup that my friend had and enjoyed.  The drinks were well made, the service was okay, and the seating was fine.  I'd go back to try the food, but nothing to go out of the way for.
3	This place is consistently a solid 3 out of 5. That's more than most places can claim.  When it's crowded it's a 2 out of 5, because the bar is shaped a little strange since it gives the bartenders more room than the customers. The mixed drinks are a 4 out of 5 most of the time, depending on your bartender. The bar looks cool inside, and the location is right in the middle of Shadyside.  It's very close to the garage, so parking is easy if you can't find a street spot. The service is usually pretty good, except when it's really busy, which is understandable. This is a consistently good happy hour place that's close to home if you live in or around Shadyside. It is what it is, and it's pretty good at it most of the time.In the summer when they set up the outside tables, this is one of the best places to hang out on Walnut as long as its not too crowded. Also - try the Ahi tuna appetizer, the Turkey Pesto Wrap, and the pizza after you've had a few.
3	The staff here are friendly and excellent.  They were very accommodating to our party of 4 with 2 babies.  Their food was average pub fare and priced fairly.  I would return in a pinch.
5	Awesome sandwiches and pizza, great service, good price, and good drinks - and not too expensive.At the bar there is a large mixed drink selection and I have enjoyed everything.I lived in Shadyside and came here way more than I should have, and was never disappointed.  Highly recommend!
3	Food is solid, especially for a place whose main focus is on being a bar and a see-and-be-seen spot.  Pleasantly surprised by very good, prompt and friendly service.  Wouldn't go here as a destination for a meal, but when you're on Walnut and aren't up for the usual bar fare or one of the more upscale places it's a good compromise with reliably decent to very good food.
1	Moving here from DC, maybe I just expect too much as far as service, but I feel like my expectations in this case are standard. Their food is delicious, there drinks are yummy, I have just been consistently disappointed by their service. Even if they are semi busy, the waitresses seem to be running around like chickens with their heads cut off. Though, the bartenders have their act together. I came here on Monday evening...around 6/630. I ordered the Fajita wrap...I took two bites, and then noticed there was a small brown hair in my fries. My hair is long and black, so clearly it wasn't mine. When I told the waitress, she very professionally exclaimed "shit!" and came over. I told her, I lost my appetite and just asked for a new order to go. I waited until my friend finished her meal, and then asked for the check. My waitress plopped mine down in front of me. Seriously? I ate human hair at your venue...and you're going to charge me for that? You've officially made my shit list.
4	Holy hot cocktailers batman!! And gangster rap any time after 8 pm. And two dollar beers and half priced margaritas on Thursdays. My service has always been prompt and friendly. The food is indeed mediocre but beer is pretty hard to screw up. It just has to be cold, which it is. God Bless I say!
2	Went to Shady Grove this afternoon and sat at the bar for a quick lunch.  It was anything but!  I originally went to order one of their "taters" - a loaded baked potato and the server told me, sorry we don't have them and that we are in the process of changing the menu.  Thanks...then I waited 25 minutes for her to bring my second choice.  The BBQ chicken wrap was okay as far as nourishment is concerned.  I wouldn't go back.  It looks like a cute cafe from the outside but its clear this place is a bar, serving bar food with bar service and bar atmosphere.
3	This was just average.  The food was average but at least they don't charge more than they should for it.  However, this is not the case with their provolone wedges.  $6 for 3 pieces, seriously??  A huge ripoff.I had the Shady Burger which is an angus burger with a sunny side up egg in it.  It was ok but for some reason the American cheese in it really got to me.  It was difficult for me to finish the burger because it also reminded me of ordinary-to-bad backyard grilling that my dad used to do.  I ordered a medium burger but it was essentially well-done, with some burn.  I'm also not a huge fan of sunny side up eggs (but my being a fan of eggs overpowered this so I still ordered the Shady burger) and with good reason -- dribbleeee.  It was a mess.I loved the super crispy french fries though.  Service was decent.  Atmosphere is decent.  It was nice to be able to sit outside.
2	This is probably one of the most popular bars in Shadyside.  They have a  great wine bottle special, and decent (not great) prices otherwise.  The decor is really nice and posh...it kind of makes you want to put on a collared shirt.  The food is also decent, though not spectacular.  Definitely a nice lunch stopover though. The problem with the bar is the crowd at night.  I mean it is CROWDED.  It's next to impossible to get a drink at the bar or from the wait staff, who are really trying their best but are just overwhelmed with people!   Drinks are made ok...I wasn't overly impressed.  I want to like the bar more, but the crowds keep annoying me to the point of wanting to leave.  Also, the bar is really packed with the douchiest people in Shadyside as well, so not only are you crowded into oblivion, but also it's like a Jersey Shore episode in there...not fun.  Overall, it's not a bad place.  The drinks and such are done ok, bue the crowd is just overwhelming at all times.  I'd go elsewhere if given the option.
2	There's nothing really special here.The service is slow at the bar and the tables, the place is crowded with Affliction/Ed Hardy T-shirt wearing type guys.  The music is truly terrible dance-pop nonsense.  The food is forgettable without being bad: think Chilis or Outback.  On the plus side, they do have some good beers available.  But this is Pittsburgh, and that's not unusual at all.  In fact, you can walk a few blocks, say to Bites and Brews or Harris Grill and get an even better selection, usually for the same price or better.
4	I personally rarely come here specifically to eat. I do love to come here for the atmosphere/drinks/girls. Their waitresses are for the most part really hot!!!The Food: personally I like the combo of onion soup and the shady burger (yea its not the best burger in town, but its got a great taste to it). Rest of their food is so-so, and some of it is down right awful, but again... i don't come here for the food.The Atmosphere: LOVE the atmosphere!! There is outdoor seating, there are lots of windows, there is a jukebox upstairs, there is a fun bar area downstairs with lots of TV's so you can watch the game with buddies over some drinks. There are always very attractive people here.Waitresses: really hot! really nice! great service!This is def my favorite bar in shadyside, but again, I don't come here for the food! (except maybe the soup).
3	I'm reviewing this place as a bar, that sometimes I eat at.Rather than a restaurant, that I happen to have some drinks at....Using this lens - this place is pretty good.  Specifically - the pizza is very good.  Shady sticks as an appetizer - also great.  (think pokey sticks if you went to penn state and ever ordered from Gumby's)I was there again this past Sunday and had a Greek salad.  It exceeded my expectations.  I've been many times over the past year, and I believe they've made some improvements to their salad options.  I was pleased!  I haven't had the burgers or sandwiches lately, so won't comment on their flavor - but their menu is extensive - so there are many many options.  (Again, compared to a BAR - not another restaurant)Wednesday night is wine night - half off bottles of wine.  Which is a wonderful headache inducing special.  The place is usually packed after 7pm - every night.  Little room to move, no seats, etc.  And yes - there are a fare number of Ed Hardy and Affliction shirts.  I'm only giving this a 3 star, because the atmosphere and service drive me nuts sometimes.  Food and drinks alone, would warrant a better review.If you're not interested in the mayhem...try them out for a weekend lunch.  A great stop if doing some Walnut Street shopping.
4	Drinks get an A+ for kind service adn great prices, the food ranks in at about a B/B-. I Had the ahi tuna for $9.. it was koay, and I give them props for having it on the menu as it's not typical bar food for Pittsburgh, but a very popular drinks accompaniment in Miami. If I return, I'll definitely go for the classic fried finger food. Had a few beers, each on draft for $1.42.. Awesome! The crowd filtered in for happy hour, and it was the most packed around 6. Overall, I'd do it again. Perhaps for a more formal seating in the upstairs restaurant, Walnut Grill. It seems to operate from the same kitchen and under the same management...  Since the great drink prices resonate as most memorable, I've added it to my "Party in the 'Burgh" list.
3	things white people like: shadyside.things THIS white guy likes: sitting outside with jenn g. during the summer months and drinking in shadyside.shady grove is exactly what the rating says "a-ok." its a great place during the afternoon to sit outside and have a drink, but once the sun goes down it gets a little bro-y.i never thought about it before, but i guess bro's are kind of like werewolves.
4	Great place for some social drinking after hours.  You really cannot complain about a place that is packed with university students, drinks, and food.  It going to be an interesting night, anyway you look at it.  So there are two parts to the this place, the downstairs bar and seating area.  If this area just seems to packed to find somewhere to sit, move along to the back and find the stairs that head up to the second bar area upstairs.  I spent most of my time upstairs where there was a jukebox blasting top 40's and hip hop.  The bartender actually made me put more money into the jukebox when the music stopped saying she was not going to serve until there were beats.Well after some bar food and beers, the night was under way.  And the place stayed packed until closing.Summary- $2 Dos Equis on Thursdays you have got to be kidding me!
3	Ha!I'll get on the 3 starts bandwagon... even though I enjoy my times here.  If's a fun crowd, and beyond that, much much more.  Beer and food are fine, noting special!
3	i came here for taco tuesday, so I didn't have anything else besides their salsa fresca appetizer and their beef and chicken tacos.much like PJ's pub, a small bar nestled between dorm buildings at Johns Hopkins in Baltimore, MD, both places offered a pretty unauthentic selection of tacos for taco tuesdays.  i used to enjoy ordering 6-7 small tacos and a corona to wash them down. i was seeking the same experience here in pittsburgh.the tacos are definitely a step up from those in that baltimore pub, but are also a tad more expensive. i was happy to have found a place hearby for cheap tacos, however, so I'll probably be coming back for those.however, STAY AWAY from the salsa fresca appetizer. priced at 5 (or 6?) bucks, they throw an extremely bland version of their pico de gallo (made with at most 2 jalapeno slices), in a quantity no larger than half of a salsa container at chipotle, along a bed of chips (which actually weren't that bad...reminded me a bit of la salsa's chips (a mexican fast food restaurant chain in CA)).  this almost ruined the whole taco tuesday deal day for me.i'll probably go back for taco tuesdays, simply due to location.
3	A Shadyside staple, this place is great for lunch while shopping Walnut, dinner, or late night. Last night my friends and I stopped here and it was at it's usual capacity, upstairs and downstairs, with decent music playing. It's a good local bar, nothing too crazy going on, and good for a final stop before heading home.
2	The food is not goodWeekends are very crowdedSo mediocre.(b)
3	Although some others have listed Shady Grove as a bit mediocre I believe it is a pretty cool place.Atmosphere:There are lots of big screen tvs and usually plenty of seating if you don't go during happy hour or high noon you should be okay.  I've eaten their with my folks during the day and the service has been quite fast.  I've also eaten with a large group of friends during a hockey game which took a bit longer but still was expected with a large group.  The late night scene is enjoyable.  Lots of college and graduate students and a large batch of 25yr+ people.  There is an open bar and drinks are fairly large.  Shots are quite large, coke and rums are good.  I am not sure if there is a special drink offered but I've always enjoyed myself there at night no matter what I drink.Staff:The staff is pretty prompt.  It is quite a large place so sometimes if you are with a larger group you have to expect it to take a bit longer.  Sometimes I've been a bit surprised at how fast the food has come out though so you never know.Food:I think that the food here is good.  I would put some of the dishes on the same level as Cappy's down the street but others are outstanding.  I've had salads, quesadillas, burgers, wings, chicken finger platters, etc.  They have a great selection so if you are wish a group of people who are in the mood for a wide variety of foods it is definitely the place to go!
5	Two words:  mango salsa.  That is my entire review.
2	The drink specials are good. The atmosphere and decoration is awesome.The service B-L-O-W-S. Our server was exceptionally horrible. Who takes away someones empty beer in the middle of the meal and doesn't ask if they want another? Thought she'd just come back with one but instead she didn't come back. Had to flag her down to get a bill and go find her to cash out. I'd like to go back to the downstairs and sit at the bar to eat and see if the service can be better because I really wanted this one to be good. Oh yeah, and the upstairs really smells bad. Did anyone else notice that one?
4	3.5 rounded up to 4I like this place. Food is good. Service is ok. atmosphere is ok.
4	I had the Pesto Burger and it was great. The service was alright. It's definitely more of a bar atmosphere, and of course since its in Shadyside, it's a pretty hipster-y place. I definitely want to go back to try the gourmet pizzas.
4	I'm pretty sure my husband is having a love affair with Shady Grove. He eats lunch here at least once a week, if not more. Occasionally I have the opportunity to join him. Their sandwiches are always solid and their waffle fries are to die for. I recently tried their BBQ chicken pizza and I'm obsessed. Their pizza is fantastic. Why a 4?  I wavered between a 4 and 5. I really wish I could give it a 4.5, but I think a 4 is more fitting. Their sandwiches are pretty good, but not quite a 5. Their beer selection is limited which also knocks it down from a 5. There is only a little room for improvement.
3	Let me begin this by saying that the reason they are getting this rating is for lack of consistency. I was a shadyside resident for quite sometime and spent many afternoons and evenings in Shady Grove and Walnut Grill. Shady Grove has been the less consistent of the two for me over the years. For New Years Eve this year, my friends made dinner reservations for us at Walnut Grill and then we went downstairs for drinks and to ring in 2012. This review is only about Shady Grove, as my experiences at Walnut Grill have been pretty good. Shady grove food is good and the drinks are reasonably priced. The space is cool and in the summer they have outdoor seating, which I love. Wine nights on Wednesdays cannot be beat-half priced bottles all evening. The reason for the 3 rating? The service is SO inconsistent. I've had visits where my service is appalling, and then visits where my service is grand. When I say appalling, I mean a waitress poured water on my feet and all over the floor, and told me not to slip when I left, rather than giving me a towel to dry my freezing toes. And even on NYE, the service was very inconsistent. One bartender would be great. Another would be just awful-horrible attitude, ignoring sections of the bar, etc. It is really a shame. It seems like certain employees (in particular a broad fellow with dark hair-not wearing the uniform...perhaps a manager?) are there just to meet girls and act like a hot shot. He was behind the bar, not serving anyone, as if to give the impression that he owns the place (which I know he does not), and was hitting on a girl in my group HARD. He was just trying to look like a big shot. Annoying. Make a drink for the people waiting and stop trying to hook up with uninterested women. Thanks. That being said, it is usually a cool crowd there. Great location. Usually I have no trouble finding parking. So all in all...Good food. Good Vibe. Good  drinks. Some great servers. Some crabby servers. Big guy with the dark hair? Try to get laid on your own time. Happy New Year!
3	Service isn't great, but the food is above average and the atmosphere is welcoming. I like the sweet potato tots. Wednesday night is half off bottles of wine, but it gets packed.
4	My friends and I go to Shady Grove very often. We are able to meet for a great meal, or to meet up for a evening drink. The bar staff is great, show them respect and they will keep an eye out for you. Most of their wait staff are friendly and attentive.Late Friday and Saturday the bar becomes standing room only and can become loud. But if you are looking for a nice place with good food, nice staff, and tasty drinks stop in.
3	Typical bar food. Good burgers. It gets extremely crowded on Wednesday evenings for half-price wine night. Be wary. If you're going for food on a Wed, show up by 6:30. Otherwise you'll never get a table.
2	Wanted to go somewhere I hadn't been before and realized that despite always passing it I have never been.  So I went, and it looked promising from the outside.  Our waitress was attentive and people seemed to be enjoying themselves.  I ordered the Jerk Mahi Mahi on Kaiser and my fiancee ordered the Caprese Sandwich.  This is where things started to fall apart.  My sandwich came on a hamburger bun, not a Kaiser roll and the fish was mediocre to decent, nothing to write home about, but the jerk rub was not nearly as spicy as a jerk rub should be.  On the menu the Caprese Sandwich is vegetarian and says "Add chicken $3."  The sandwich came with chicken which we did not order, when we asked the waitress she said that it automatically comes with chicken (and therefore also comes automatically for $11 instead of $8), if we didn't want chicken we had to ask to have the sandwich come as it says it does on the menu.  If it automatically comes with chicken, then say that on the menu and charge $11, otherwise, only give us chicken if we ask.The fries which accompanied our sandwiches were also decent but not great, so in the end, the food was a little on the pricey side for the quality and, more importantly, not consistent with the menu from which we ordered.  All in all, a disappointment.
4	Was in Pittsburgh visiting for the weekend from Philly.  We were in Shadyside for the afternoon doing some shopping and we decided to eat here.  Sure enough I loved it!We ordered the onion rings as an appetizer. First the portions were generous but more importantly they were perfectly cooked and battered. (I hate when the onion falls out because of a lack of batter or sogginess due to a bad mix)  If you like sweet potatoes, make sure you get the sweet potato tots as a side.  They went great with my pesto burger (which was also great).Overall it was worth the lunch time wait.  I will definitely go back when I am in Pittsburgh.
2	Really nothing special to this place except the outside seating they have in the summer.  Recently came here, and my friend ordered a Coors Light draught (wimp i know), but it tasted absolutely awful.  Don't know if it was the keg that was bad or the hoses that hook up to the keg that need to be cleaned. Next I got a Turkey Rachel.  Probably one of the most flavorless sandwiches I've ever had.  The only thing I could really taste, was the rye bread it was on, which was quite good.  My friend got the veggie powerhouse salad.  He did seem to enjoy that.  I had a bite as well, and I will say, not bad.Overall, service was super slow.  I don't think I'll be back for a meal anytime soon.  It's just too mediocre to waste your time, money, or calories here.
4	Awesome thin crust pizza - Marguerita is my fav - also try the shrimp tacos! Good beers too. Some of the servers are a little Tri-Delt for my taste (one of the regular servers in particular has attitude to the max), but most are friendly. Also really good salads... I never say that :-)
4	Decided to meet up with two friends here on Tuesday. We met at 6pm, which was perfect since it wasn't too busy yet (filled up by 7:30pm). We quickly had a table (opted for inside) and caught the second half of happy hour (5-7pm), which offered half price cocktails ($9-11 usually) and selected glasses of wine for $4. My two female friends were big fans of their Bellinis and I stuck with a Whiskey Mojito which was decent.We started off with an appetizer of their dipsticks, which are pizza dough with spinach artichoke dip on top with ranch sauce for dipping. My friend has gotten them before and raved about them, however I thought they were just OK. Tuesday also brings the taco specials for $2. Last night's taco choices were either chicken or beef (I believe it changes each week). I stuck with chicken, which I thought were really good. Once we passed happy hour, we went with the Tuesday specials of $2 Mexican beers (Corona, XX, Pacifico). There were also $4 tequila shots, but we weren't going down that road.Overall, I thought we got away with a great value and had a great time (about $15 each before tip for 3 hours). Our server Alex was great and I would definitely go back again.
3	Went out to eat here with a friend the other night.  First thing, this place is extremely vegetarian friendly, but not in an overtly "I love growing my own vegetables and using vegetable oil to fuel my Prius" sort of way.  Still plenty of options for carnivores.  I ended up ordering nachos with mango salsa to start and a southwestern salad for the the main course.  The mango salsa was great, I just wish they served more seeing as the ratio of chips to salsa was kind of lop-sided.  The southwestern salad was fantastic.  With a healthy dose of black beans avocado and this tangy vinaigrette type dressing which definitely hit the spot, I became an instant fan.  I'm usually not the type to order salads, but my friend warned me in advance of the serving size, and she wasn't lying.  They literally serve these salads in deep stainless steel bowls.  The appearance is kind of raw, but my taste buds don't lie.  Overall our experience was good, though I wish the service was a bit more prompt.  Having to wait an eternity for the check was kind of painful.  Otherwise, I'd easily give this place 4 stars.  Regardless, I'll be back in the near future to check out some of the other offerings on the menu.
4	I have only been to Shady Grove twice when I am in the area and don't feel like breaking the bank. Both times I have ordered one of their sandwiches, the first time being a caprese wrap and the last time a chicken florentine sandwich. The Chicken Florentine was definitely the better of the two, though honestly I have not had a caprese as a sandwich that I like anywhere.My favorite thing about this place is the $2 Mexican beers and $4 tequila shots. The tequila shots are for any tequila of your choice! Last time we were there my boyfriend and I threw back a couple of Patron Silvers. We only stopped because we had to go shopping for house stuff (being an adult sucks sometimes!). I usually go with Dos Equis, either the Lager or Amber, as my drink of choice. Can't beat tasty $2 beers.
4	I used to come here quite often for late-night drinks, but just recently started coming in for lunch. The service is consistent, and they have great salads/pizza/sandwiches, and super yummy fries! Somehow I ended up here 3 times last week (twice for lunch and once for happy hour), so I got a chance to try each of my favorites. My favorites are the Greek salad, BBQ chicken pizza, the Hawaiian pizza, and this week's discovery - the Hot Veggie sandwich.  Really, you can't go wrong with any of the pizzas though. The crust has a sweet flavor to it that really sets it apart from any other pizza in the area. Just thinking about it is making my mouth water...
1	I rarely give restaurants a single star rating, and the thing is the food here is okay.What i did not enjoy was being seated directly next to an outdoor dumpster, complete with garbage smell and flies everywhere.  Avoid the outdoor seating, bc just about EVERYTIME we go there, we get stuck sitting next ot the damn trash can.  The hostesses always try to seat that table bc no one wants to sit there.  Its fucking disgusting.  We asked to be moved and the hostess was crappy about it and said that all the seats inside were full and that we would have to wait.the last time we sat outside, our waitress took our drink order and then no one came out for like, 30 min.  then the waitress told us she forgot she was our waitress.  the trick is to eat inside, at the bar.  or avoid this place completely.why the hell they cant move the dumpster is beyond me, but i get grossed out just thinking about it.
4	loved it. started off with some sort of cucumber/basil drink.. a little strong on the cucumber, but pretty interesting. then my guests and i shared pretzel bites which were delish. i don't remember which burger i got to be honest, but i do remember thinking it was very good.the only strange thing about the place is the bathroom... it's upstairs and near impossible to find.i'd go back for sure, and would like to try several more dishes.
3	This place is a step up from traditional bar food. It's a great place to grab a cheap bite to eat or drink with friends.  I don't think the wait staff is overly friendly but I have never found them to be rude. Half priced wine nights on Wednesday is usually packed but extremely fun.  This place has a cool special pretty much every night of the week.  Happier staff would've bumped up my rating.
3	This is a decent place to go for happy hour and I like the happy hour themes they have each day of the week.  My friends and I went for the Wednesday half off wine night and enjoyed a nice bottle of wine for cheap.  I also tried several of the appetizers and they were all tasty, good sized portions, and reasonably priced.  Nothing amazing, but all good.  Despite the place being packed the food came out quickly and the server was pretty attentive given how busy the place was.
4	I found it a bit annoying to have to show my ID just to go in and have dinner here...The food however was good.  I ended up getting some kind of spicy chicken wrap and I was pleasantly surprised to taste that it was actually spicy!I've been here before just for going out and it can be fun.  I would say most people there are in their 20s and 30s and it tends to be crowded on weekends.
5	I have a love-hate relationship with Shady Grove. I frequent this casual bar and restaurant at least once a month since I live very close. It just has a larger selection of a typical bar menu but the food is always good. I love to go to their  1/2 price "Wine Night" on Wednesdays, but the place is always way to crowded to get a table, good service or even hear what your friends are saying. I'd love it if they have more of a night scene for young professionals on the weekends, but unfortunately it just don't compare to the other bars on Walnut street.
5	First two times I went here, the service wasn't anything special, but the food - incredible. My small pizza was worth every penny, I ate every bite. My bf got some steak sandwich and it came out with a whole fried egg on top - he looked like he was in heaven. Last time we went there, it was half-off bottles of wine night (Wednesdays), which was a great deal. Place was beyond crowded, but it was worth it - cheap wine, great server, amazing food.
4	You had me at tater tots, but then you had to one up that and make them out of sweet potatoes.  I think I may love you now.  You have filled a void I didn't even know I had.We arrived during a lunch time rush but were seated immediately and we didn't have to wait a minute for the waitress to come over.  With our drink orders placed we decided to read over the menu and then make our selections.  We started with the Shady Sticks and were happy with those.  All they are is a pizza with the sauce on the side for dipping.  I mean it's like a medium sized pizza, so a very good portion and the dough was so sweet and mixed with the three types of cheese on it was great.  For my main course I opted for the California BLT.  When I ordered this I was assuming that it was going to be run of the mill, thrown together BLT.  Was I ever surprised.  Multigrain bread topped with applewood bacon, crispy lettuce and thickly sliced tomatoes.  I was most surprised by the tomatoes, I was expecting uniformly cut and small.  What I got was like someone took a tomato from a basket, cut it quickly and didn't care how it looked, I approve!Now, back to those tater tots!  I am completely infatuated with them.  They were crunchy and puffy and so delightful.  Just the right size to pop in your mouth and munch away.  Their side of Cajun ranch is an amazing compliment.  I was as near to heaven as I could be with those, no joke.I also opted for the blackberry mojito.  Best way to describe it is by saying it was bittersweet.  The mint played off of the blackberry and it played well.Seating was nice, at a high table, we were at the corner that we could not only people watch inside the restaurant, but we could also people watch on the sidewalk.  Televisions on, music blaring, people singing, it was a great atmosphere.
3	It's not that bad during their happy hours. The beer deals are pretty good. I tried the yak burger and it was "meh".The place does get pretty crowded and hence sometimes seating might be an issue. Its just loud enough (so that you don't have to scream at each other) if you aren't in the very back section. The half price wine nights are pretty good too.
3	Had the yak burger (excluded from the half-price burger offer on Mondays), and it was just okay - certainly not worth the $11 I'd paid for it.  The stuffed pepper soup was tasty and original, however, and the dinner salad was also decent.  Overall Shady Grove is respectable enough as a casual dining option, but there's nothing about it that would compel a return trip.
3	Cute place to visit with friends
4	My fiance and I were visiting Pittsburgh and wanted to try a local place.  We were in Shadyside, so we decided on Shady Grove.  The place was PERFECT.  We had Sunday lunch, got a pizza -- had the most AMAZING dough (almost sweet) and we had teh fish taco's which were also phenomenal.  I was NOT feeling well BEFORE I ate here, and afterwards I felt like a million bucks.  Would definitely reccommend for a local, clean, fresh meal! Oh -- I waitress Lauren was also SUPER nice!
4	Great lunch spot, with a nice covered outdoor patio.  Solid well-priced food.  Chicken salad melt and platter good.  Seems like this would be a great spot on the nights when they have specials, ESP 1/2 priced bottles of wine.  Excellent friendly service, cute waitresses.  Fast.  Only observation, raised by another Yelper, was the smell of the trash bin on the far right side of the patio.  Only blessing, it is not hot or humid today. I think it's a good casual element to Shadyside.
4	Great place!I was there with a large group of people, and our waitress was out of this world! She was very accommodating, and catered to all of our needs. We were a party of 8, and we all needed separate checks. She was spot on with getting everything separated correctly. We were there for wine Wednesdays. The special is half priced wine bottles. I had the Ranga Ranga Sauvignon Blanc which was recommended by our waitress. I also had the chicken nachos which were outstanding. However, I wasn't sure if the chili on the nachos was made with beef or chicken... They also had cubes of grilled chicken on top. They were so good that I didn't think to ask. My friends had the buffalo chicken dip which they said was spicier than usual. They also had the mahi mahi tacos, shrimp tacos, mango salsa, and the ahi tuna tacos. I heard some of them mention that the ahi tuna and mahi mahi weren't that great. I liked my experience, and what I ordered so I'm not going to focus on their experiences. The only thing I didn't like, was that you have to go to the restaurant upstairs to use the restroom. The condition of the stairwell was horrible! Other than that I had a great time there.
3	Sometimes I love this place, sometimes I cannot stand it. It depends on how busy they are and who is working. One time I had one of the best waitresses I've ever had. Another time I had a waitress I'm pretty sure was coked up. Meh. You never know.The food, however, is always decent bar food. I really the shady sticks and the "pretzel." I like the appetizers in general. I love their bloody marys. Good burgers. Large salads. Lots of add-on options for any sandwich, salad, burger, etc.Over-priced cocktails, but decent specials. Good beer choice usually. All in all, it's a decent place. I take friends here who are visiting from elsewhere because it's close to my apartment and had something to offer everyone.
5	Fun place to have some drinks! Didn't have any food because we were there late night. Awesome staff! The friendly bartender saved my iPhone because my drunk ass left it behind. Very much appreciated!!!
4	Three of my favorite things about Shady Grove: wine night on Wednesdays, their delicious sweet potato tater tots, and the salads served in mixing bowls.I love meeting friends for lunch here because I love their salad choices. The Cobb is my favorite, but I really like the Southwest as well, and the strawberry salad in the summer.I love sitting outside during spring, summer, or fall. It's quite lovely to be close to the hustle and bustle of Shadyside, but not too close.
4	Just moved into the area and wanted to try some of the places to eat. We stopped here and the place was nice our waitress was very nice, the food was excellent big portions! We will be going there again.
4	Awesome service and great service. Would have been a 5 but was a bit chilly and bathrooms were not too convenient. Highly recommended not too expensive and a happy and clean atmosphere
4	Go here for lunch. The salads are fantastic (mine was topped with sweet potato tater tots, loads of grilled chicken and cheese. What's not to like?) The service, also fantastic and very quick. Atmosphere is a little grimy and you feel like you're eating at a bar.
4	Stopped here recently with friends after work. We were seated quickly in the back of the restaurant and quickly ordered a bottle of wine. Wine was good but it was not cold enough. The spinach and artichoke dip we shared to start was delicious. Big pieces of artichoke and soft pita. I had the BBQ chicken salad. This salad was huge and pretty good. Lots of chicken, BBQ sauce, fried onions, and cheese over a huge bowl of iceberg lettuce. I'll be back. It was the prefect stop after a particularly bad day.
3	Man, I've been going to Shady Grove since 2008, and it's a place with many of my fond memories. That being said, it's also been a place where I've had some of my worst memories too. Perhaps due to being in college and learning how to frequent bars for the first time. Yikes. Beer specials are pretty good here, and wine night back in the day was a pretty big hit. I remember that they would close off Walnut Grill at night, which I thought was strange. They should have all the space available, because it can get super crowded here. The food here is pretty decent. A little more on the expensive side for Pittsburgh, but who am I to complain? The pizzas are all pretty good and the sandwiches are nothing to sniff at. Service is pretty spotty, both at the bar and the tables. Bartenders are not generally attentive and the waitstaff is usually short-staffed, so it takes awhile for you to get things like water or other small requests. Also, they're not very friendly, which is disappointing. But, it's never really been enough to ruin anything. Overall, Shady Grove is a decent bar/restaurant with subpar service. If you're looking for a low-key drink or meal during the week, Shady Grove is a solid place for just that.
4	I have two exact reasons why shady grove will forever own a place in my heart; mojitos & the ahi tuna tacos. That being said there is also so much more to love about this place! The ahi tuna salad is also amazing, thanks Gina for getting me hooked :) I've only sat at the bar here but I've never had a bad experience.. The bartenders are funny & friendly... And like I mentioned they make a mean mojito!! Yes shady grove, I love you.
2	I have enjoyed numerous experiences at Shady Grove. However, when I went there recently, it resulted in a horrible stomachache. I am not sure which of the dishes I got which were the thai shrimp tacos, summer salad, and The Goat pizza. I will not be going back anytime soon.
2	Atmosphere is nice bar/pub style with outside seating. Staff is friendly but service is slow. I had dinner there alone at 6pm on a weekday and it took them 30 min to bring the incorrect order then another 5 min to correct it. I am visiting this area, but where I come from a Medium burger means pink in the middle. My late arriving burger was burned on the outside and cooked all the way thru.  Sweet potato tots were sweet and tasty. Overall, just okay. Nothing special. Probably would not come here again.  Lots of great restaurants to try.
5	Half off bottle of wine Fridays.  That's all I have to say.
5	Oh Shady Grove you have improved! Or maybe it's the fact that I'm getting old and hit you up for the early bird special (compared to late night service). Either way the pizza is amazing (try the new shrimp option) and service was on point.
2	Came here with a couple of friends last Dec.  We had the waffle fries with cheese and bacon and something else to munch on (I don't remember what the other food item we ordered was), and the food was okay.  For drinks, we opted for cocktails.  My friends both ordered caramel appletinis, and really enjoyed them.  My drink, on the other hand, was just weird tasting.  I don't remember what it was supposed to be (they don't have a drink menu on the website; otherwise I could probably figure it out), but I remember it just tasted off, to the point that I couldn't finish it (and that *never* happens with me with cocktails).  My friends both tasted it and agreed.Service was on the slow side, but then again, it was happy hour, and they were understaffed.  It seemed like a fun spot to have a few drinks after work--the crowd seemed to be mostly young professionals--and they have a decent variety of food to choose from.  I wanted to like this place, and I'd go back and give it another try, but I was underwhelmed on my first visit.  2.5 stars.
3	We headed out for a walk yesterday with all intentions on making dinner at home. Normally when Bobby & I go on a walk, it's been on Centre Ave so we lately we've been switching it up and going on Walnut St. I always check livingpittsburgh.com for deals around the city and found out that Monday night is burger night at Shady Grove- half price burgers. It wasn't particularly busy, but i soon realized we JUST missed some burger festival right outside which was seeing who had the best burger in the area, so everyone must have ate while there. Anyways, their menu seemed really great. I loved their pizza menu and we may have to stop in to try one of those. The entire menu seemed tasty (esp the sweet potato tator tots) I decided on the Shady burger which was a large burger topped with american cheese, bacon, egg & usual toppings- lettuce, tomato, onion & pickle. It comes with a side of fries, but you can upgrade to waffle fries or tots for $1. As delicious as the tots sounded, i loooove waffle fries so that was my choice. My burger was tasty and piled high. I would have gave them 4 stars if the service was a tad better. Our server was a sweetie but everything took foreverrrrr- being greeted, our drinks after ordering, the food (which most likely wasn't her fault) It was just annoying waiting around to be waited on and for the drinks when as i mentioned earlier it wasn't overly busy. Also, after getting my food, my drink was empty the entire time. She walked by and looked right at it but never brought another one. Overall, we may stop back but will most likely sit at the bar.
3	Wasn't impressed this time around... The mahi tacos were ok, but lacked any type of seasoning on the fish. The Bellini (that is supposed to be one of their popular drinks) wasn't good to me at all. Reminded me of sickening sweet cough syrup...The service was good, we were always taken care of. Maybe I'll try something else on the menu since the atmosphere is usually very inviting.
5	Shady grove has always been one of my favorite places to go in Pittsburgh especially when I'm down on Walnut st. Their buffalo chicken dip is so good along with their French fries and ranch. Yum! I am also a big fan of their Pittsburgh chicken salad as well as their chicken florentine wrap. My friends rave about their pizza since the crust is made with sweet dough.. So you get a hint of sweetness with every bite. I only had one bad experience here a few years ago. My food came out pretty cold.. However, I told our waitress and she brought back a whole new plate. Other than that, this is a place to check out!
3	A pretty good place to stop in for bar food on Walnut Street. They gave good drink specials (1/2 bottles of wine Wednesdays and some Fridays) and the food is average. I'm not a huge fan of the crowd that stops in on a night out, but I would probably come back for dinner sometime.
4	Was not too bad for a bar type atmosphere.  I tried the deviled eggs. Delicious. Also tried the chipotle style pizza and it was pretty good. I'd recommend the place for some American style food for before or after a night out. Staff was really friendly and accommodating.
4	I've only been here once but the one time I came the food was really good! I got the southwestern blackened mahi mahi salad and it was delicious! I actually liked it so much that I've recreated it at home and now it's part of my regular cooking rotation. They also serve it in a giant mixing bowl which I thought was odd at first but in the end it just means you get a lot more salad than your average serving! I also got some sweet potato tatter tots which were tasty as well.It took us some time to get a table (party of 4) since the place is kind of small and the food is not cheap (around $13-15 a dish) but it's definitely worth it every once in a while!
3	I've eaten here a few times now, and the food is good enough to keep me coming back when I am in the mood for typical American style cuisine at a relatively inexpensive price.All the food I've had here has been good except for the few times that I've had sandwiches slathered with so much aeoli that I thought my taste buds and breath would never recover.  The interior could use a little bit of renovation since it appears to be somewhat beat up.  The service I've had has always been prompt and polite.
3	This is a great casual place to grab a drink and some food with friends. It's not incredibly unique, but that's probably where the charm lies: comfort food. Wednesday wine nights are the most rowdy it gets here, with the doors open for customers to walk upstairs to Up Kitchen where they've set up a DJ. Half priced bottles- best if you arrive earlier than you think you should.
4	Stopped while at UPMC. Only - was upstairs. Really good food. Very happy & nice waitress. Beer cold. Very comfortable, friendly, nice evening meal. Italian and more authentic.
5	Shady Grove is one of my favorite lunch spots in Pittsburgh. They have a great atmosphere compete with a full bar and televisions typically playing the sports games. Throughout the week they have great drink specials such has half off bottles of wine. One of my favorite dishes is the buffalo chicken dip. Its not particularly spicy but it is great! Additionally, as a side the sweet potato tots are really good, especially with the sauce they come with.
3	To be honest I think I might just come back on weekends for drinks because they're food did not make me feel too great afterwards. It is normal bar food I suppose, but I was hoping for better quality. I ordered with my friend the pesto pizza and their new sandwich with spinach and chicken with aioli and cheese. I felt like i gained a few pounds, but the pizza was a little bland and the sandwich mainly just tasted like spinach. Their fries are crispy and taste pretty good along with their tater tots that I had on my first visit.
5	I was extremely surprised to see a young woman spinning pizzas here like a pro. Also to my surprise the pizza tasted AMAZING! THE CRUST WAS SO UNBELIEVABLE ON THIS PIZZA! I love the food at this place. Great atmosphere, great drinks, & even better food. Highly suggest grabbing a bite to eat here
3	I stop here for a glass of wine or beer when I'm leaving Journeys across the street. Nice outdoor seating. Service has always been good. Food is okay. Not bad, not great, just okay. The hummus is good, but needs more pita for what is served. We asked for more pita and they upcharged us 50 cents...which is fine, but just add 50 cents to the price and give me more pita to start. I've had other appetizers and salads here, but nothing memorable. I wish that it was because I do like the atmosphere and outdoor seating, but it just doesn't leave an impression.
4	We had the 1/2 off burgers last night. Great burgers. Good atmosphere. Nice staff. They left the main door open (even we asked them to close) and the room was freezing cold which made us rush our meal.
4	It was loud, but a nice atmosphere. The salad I had was served in a giant bowl and would have been perfect if it would have had more than a couple bites of chicken in it. The rest of it was pretty good, though. The server was attentive. The bar made fine drinks. Overall, it was great, except for the seats we had must have been right under the ac vents.
4	Can you believe I've never been here before?! Crazy, right? Great first experience too!Our server was the friendliest ever, so that was just the start. I ordered the Veggie Explosion salad and am happy to report it was exactly as advertised! I hate when you get a salad and the toppings are sparse. There were loads of veggies and I especially liked the grilled portobella mushrooms. I thought the balsamic dressing made it a winning combo.I also ordered the tomato soup, which I believe is always on the menu. It was excellent. I love a nice creamy tomato, and it was just that. I was pleasantly surprised by what a nice lunch it was!
5	This is my favorite place to eat in Shadyside because they have such delicious and HUGE salads.  They also have good Happy Hour deals (half price wine bottles on Fridays - heyy!)
