1	I rented from the Fairfield CA location @1425 W Texas St on 8/9/2006. I reserved online a 26' truck. I had to drive 30 miles, past 6 closer locations to go to this one because that was where the 26' truck was supposedly at a cost of $982.48. When we got there it was a 24' truck. We were moving out of state and had everything ready to go & people at the house to load it, no time for changes. So we took it, not everything fit! Their own paperwork says they may sub LARGER but not smaller! The truck had a gas engine w/ 202,000 miles on it and it was August. we were driving from Napa CA to Tempe AZ. Now you tell me if this is a disaster waiting to happen! The a/c went out in Blythe CA. We drove to Quartzite with no a/c and it was too hot, partly because VERY hot air was blowing out on my legs. Now, we had to get to AZ because had to pick up a family member flying in to the  Phoenix airport that afternoon. So, we called U-Haul and talked to various people. Their plan was for us to turn around and go back to Blythe for repair- it would be the next day at least, probably longer. Now, I am not going to pay for gas and hotel while they fix a truck that they shouldn't have given us in the first place. So, we drove on and got to our hotel in AZ. As soon as I walked in the hotel Asst manager said" Oh my gosh! let me get you some water". My face was bright red from the heat. Oh, that is the Airport Hilton, they are great. So, when we got to AZ they told us to take the truck to this location on Priest. It is their service center. They supposedly fixed it while we had to sit and wait because we had no other vehicle in town yet. When they were done (2 hours later) we drove back to the hotel. When we left 1/2 hour later, the a/c was out again! We ended up unloading and driving it back to them with no a/c and temps well oer 110 degrees! Turns out that in the 2 hours they had it they just charged with freon, nnot fixing it like they should have. It needed a new compressor. So, all in all U-HAUL sucks! besides they reservation process won't let you chose a location, they call you the day before and tell you where to pick-up. I used Penske before this and will ever since this, they are much better!!! Oh yeah, they wanted us to make full payment. I went to my credit card company and after MANY phone calls, ended up after all of this having to pay them $736.86. Not much of a discount for causing us so much trouble, stress and health issues for me from heat exhaustion. I was very sick.  Please think before using them! Penske is much better.
4	Better than the other locations I have used in the past. I am in and out with a truck in less than 30 minutes. Friendly staff too.
