5	Very fast service
5	Amazing service! Everytime my brows come out perfect and I am usually in and out within 10 minutes. I won't go anywhere else!
5	Amazing Service! I was nervous to do this and the woman who checked me in was so kind and took me right to a chair and was just so pleasant. It didn't hurt like I thought it would. The whole process took about 8-10 minutes and she did a perfect job! Highly recommended!!
1	If you want to be treated rudely and have your eyebrows ruined, by all means, go here. HORRIBLE. I will NOT return to this or any other of their locations. There are dozens of eyebrow threading places in town, so why waste your money on one that treats you so poorly?!
3	I usually go to the one in the galleria mall, because it is closer to me, But today, I was visiting my mom and this store is close by her.The girl is polite, like normal. The only down side to this store, is that my eyebrows never look the same when I go .... there isn't really any consistency. They come out good, just not great.... Sometimes I even think that each eye brow doesn't look the same.... No one has ever said anything to me.... so I don't know if it is just me.The one in the galleria plays traditional Indian music, and also has different products/services that can be done. This store only does threading.Today, when I went in, I noticed that they play their music off of Y o u t u b e. So, one minute, it's piano, and the next minute it's rap. I feel as if I am in an elevator, and then the next minute, I feel like I'm at a pool party.This girl also decided to put on her own personal lotion before doing my eyebrows, and not hand sanitizer.... I am usually OK with perfumes and what not, but the lotion she put on was PEEEYUUU. Basically, Okay. Sometimes it's iffy. I stick to Patel's in the mall, or the one off of Silverado ranch by target and bath and body works.
5	I use to go to the location at Town Square. But since that one closed I had to find a new location. This one on Eastern and W. Horizon Ridge was the next closet location to my house. The lady I had was very nice. I will be going back to this one from now on...especially since I have their coupons which are a GREAT deal!!!
5	Only Eyebrows'R'Us I'll go to!BUT you must ask for Nooshin, she's the more younger esthetician at this location!She's never disappointed me and she always does what you ask her. I've never seen this location so busy like the other Eyebrows'R'Us, which makes it easy for me to go during a lunch break!GO SEE NOOSHIN!
5	Just went here for the first time and will now be faithfully getting my eye brows done here! Malika is amazing and the sweetest lady ever! She took her time on my eye brows and fixed them up perfectly. Not only is she talented but she is also warm and welcoming. Great service!
4	This location is now Star Eyebrows by Lisa. They still accept the coupons as long as it is purchased from this location and Marks location. The lady who did my threading was so swift and light with her hands.
3	They did a OK job. I just wish the finish was cleaned up a little more. I'll try them one more time.
4	I have been to a couple different threading places but I've never been to an Eyebrows R Us. My first experience with them has been awesome. Friendly reception. Mr. Sudi was the one who did the work and he did an amazing job! His hand work was very light and this visit has been the least painful I've had thus far. Mr. Sudi does exactly what you ask for and is willing to make sure you achieve the look you are going for. I definitely plan to go back!
5	I love going here because they always do a great job on my eyebrows. I get so many compliments from people about by eyebrows and it's thanks to this place. :)
4	This is the second time I've had this done. It's a quick process, relatively painless and hopefully a little easier on my skin vs eyebrow waxing. The place is clean, the girl I've had is friendly and I am pleased with the results
5	So I think they recently changed their name to Star Eyebrows by Lisa because that's what their new biz card says. This was my first eyebrow threading experience & it wasn't as bad as I thought. Quick, easy & not anymore painful then waxing. The service was amazing! Lisa is awesome & professional & didn't charge my daughter or I anything because it was our first time. She also gave us free GC to pass out to our friends. Will def be back!!
