5	I took 10 of my co-workers on this food tour of the strip district and we had an fabulous time.  Jen was our tour guide and she taught us and showed us things about Pittsburgh that I never knew!  We were able to taste several different types of food, and experience all of Pittsburgh ethnic offerings.  I highly recommend this tour for people visiting Pittsburgh for the first time, and those of us who have lived here all our lives!
5	I've been on 2 different tours offered by this group, the Strip District and the Brookline tours. I can't say enough about how wonderful the experience is. I took the Strip District tour last year and took the Brookline tour yesterday with the owner Sylvia. You can tell how much time and effort goes into planning the tours and giving a great experience to guests. I love that they take you to some off the beaten path places that you may have never noticed before. I didn't know Colangelo's existed in the Strip until this tour. They have tours for different areas of the city, next on my list is Bloomfield. I know they also have one for Lower Lawrenceville. I'd recommend these tours for tourists visiting the city, as well as people who have lived here their entire lives. You learn history about the city as well as get to taste some amazing food from local restaurants. This business is such an asset to Pittsburgh!
5	Richard was an amazing guide! I really enjoyed this experience. On the tour of the strip you learn church history, history relating to the settling of the area, about architecture of the buildings you see, etc....  This tour is so much more than just a food tour. While at the various food places the owners of the independently owned shops talk to the group while giving samples. Through this you learn about how different foods are made right from the mouths of the ethnic store owners. For all the information and local insight packed into this experience you cannot beat it. Whether you having lived in Pittsburgh for years or are a first time visitor I guarantee you will learn something from Richard and this tour. I highly recommend it and can't wait to have an opportunity to take one of the other tours this company offers in a different neigourhood.
5	We were VERY happy with our tour! We had never been to Pittsburgh before, and our guide, Jenn, was incredible. She was very friendly and she took us to some amazing restaurants and stops we would've never tried. I recommend this tour to anyone visiting the area.
5	If you have a passion for food and love to explore neighborhoods, you have to take this tour! Corinne, our tour guide, gave us a wonderful tour of Pittsburgh's Brookline neighborhood. I've been living in Pittsburgh for about two years and this neighborhood didn't even show up on my radar. It's such a hidden gem. Corinne took us along Brookline Boulevard and introduced us to a variety of places that enticed and satiated our taste buds. We sampled mediterranean, Mexican, Italian, and Polish cuisine and delicacies. All of the restaurant owners were really nice and engaging. Our guide also took the time to talk to us about its history and fun facts. Highly recommended!
5	Awesome! Great tour. My husband and I were just stopping in Pittsburgh for the day and we signed up for the tour online. It was a small group, maximum is 12. Not too much walking but dress comfortably with good shoes and maybe a light jacket if it gets cool. Our tour guide was Gabe and he was awesome at providing historical information about the area. Great small businesses that you would never see or experience without this tour. It's only $37 per person and worth every penny to support these locally owned family businesses.
