5	I love Urban Kidz! It's fun and bright with cute clothes for girls and boys at reasonable prices!  I have two grandsons that are age 2 and 6 and it's so hard to find cute clothes for them!  Really!  All the clothes at Target look the same, and I'm definitely not going to spend $100 on a pair of jeans for a 2 yr old.  Urban Kidz is great!  Cute clothes, at reasonable prices.    They also have cute baby stuff too!!  (Note:  No more babies for me!)
2	Store is cute, they do have some cute stuff. But personally everything is very overpriced. Cheapest t-shirts were 26 bucks, also they don't seem to be a very good quality. I went because I won a gift card for doing a survey for there site. I was very disappointed to see I could only use it on a regular priced item, then say you're giving a coupon not a gift card. Overall I won't return, they did have some cute stuff, but I refuse to spend 26 bucks on a shirt my 10 month old will wear half a dozen times. There are some great stores online to find equally unique things for half the price.
5	I love Urban Kidz...  You will find very unique clothes/accessories/gifts here!  I have a baby boy and I hardly ever find stores that have really cute boy things... well, Urban Kidz has them and more!  My daughter loves going to this store, she wants to try everything on!  The owner, Lila is the nicest woman ever and will help you will pick out the perfect outfit!  If you're little girl likes tutus... then you have to stop by Urban Kidz... they have the cutest tutus ever!  Oh, and the blingy tanks with your birthday number is the perfect top to wear with your tutu!  I can't say enough great things about Urban Kidz... I'm so thankful that I found this store!!!!
5	I love going into Urban Kidz - its so great to find a store that carries cute boys clothes and not just girls clothes.  Also they have a large range of sizes, not just baby and toddler like many of the kid clothing boutiques.
5	I have 4 children and I've been shopping at Urban Kidz for years. The clothes are fun and unique and I appreciate that they offer lines you can't find at Nordstroms or some of the other boutiques.  The owner cares about her customers; both kids and parents.  I love that as a loyal customer I get previews to sales which are a don't miss opportunity!  The pj's make THE BEST gifts and they last forever.  My friends line up for hand me downs and they've been through 2 girls.  The Splendid line is great and they carry it for boys too -the fabric is like butter. Large selection of Billabong also and that is a very reasonably priced line.  I never leave without something because  it's a guarantee hit with the kiddos and they like looking different from their peers.  Definitely not Old Navy!
5	I love Urban Kidz!! Cutest clothes and love all the fun stuff for moms too!! Great place to shop for gifts as well!!
4	I'm from Orange County California, and the clothing at Urban Kiszkid is very Hollywood / LA. It's very fashion forward,  trendy, And totally cute. Lots of stuff for boys, But a tremendous amount of awesome stuff for girls. The price represents the quality- And it is scottsdale. 1 of the best things about this store is the people who work there. They truly know and appreciate fashion, And they truly care about their customer. Love this place.
1	I think this store is closed. I drove all around the shopping complex and could not find it. Called the number and it was disconnected. Bummer because I was looking for some Christmas gifts.
