4	If you are looking for a workout, check out Metro Fitness Club. It's located on the second floor above Mellow Mushroom on Selwyn. Talk about temptation, there is a pizza place underneath, if you use their cardio equipment you are staring directly at Yoforia, Reid's Fine Foods, Nolen's Kitchen...focus and determination is key. The parking is easy and you can either take the stairs or an elevator to get there.The facility is brand new and it shows. I was completely impressed with the cleanliness, the quality of equipment, and the nice upscale feel of the interior. However, I didn't commit to sign up because it came at a price that was a tad out of my reach for a recreational gym goer, like me. To use the basic facility it is approximately $100 for a couple and it costs a bit more if you want the specialized training program. I've got to say that the training looked intense and no doubt it will for sure get you in shape. I may rethink this after the holidays! *wink*The locker room was really nice, workout towels everywhere, and the staff were friendly as well. It's in a great area with a delicious view!
4	Swanky! Yes, indeed. Metro Fitness is a beautiful fitness club. Not only will you find tons of great cardio equipment, but there are also plenty of weight machines, free weights and an entire space dedicated to CrossFit. So, not only is the gym top notch, but the trainers and management are spot on. They take a great interest in your fitness and walk you through the best ways to get your sweat on. I came to Metro for a free CrossFit class in honor of Yelp Kicks Butt. I didn't quite know what to expect, but after an hour or so I left happy and worked oooooout. Our two trainers, Jimmy & Thea, put the 16 of us through a rigorous, but inspiring workout, that combined athletic drills, weights, cardio machines and more. They made sure that everyone was working out hard but safe and really explained each exercise and it's importance. Dar, the owner, was also on hand to watch our form and generally be awesome. Yay for encouragement and super friendly staff!So, I really adore this gym and I would love to join full up and take advantage of the incredible amenities and CrossFit classes, but it's pretty out of my budget right now. Hopefully Metro can offer some other options in the future so those of us who aren't members can come once in a while and enjoy their fantastic gym & classes!
4	This was a yelp sponsored event that was both a crossfit and athletic conditioning class the gym offers. I am providing a review of the class and instructors rather than the overall gym experience. So if you are interested in either of these 2 classes then read on my friend!There were not many people in the class familiar with crossfit so the instructor described crossfit and it's main principles. He provided an overview of each movement before we started making sure our form was correct. We did a dynamic warm-up one of which was a weighted sled push. Oh boy was I gonna feel this the next day! By now the long sleeves have come off and we were ready to start the "workout of the day". The workout was scaled in half since there were a lot of first timers present. Being a regular cross fitter this was not an issue since the time was not cut in half so I could just do more. The workout consisted of a 250 meter row, 10 push presses, 10 box jumps and 5 burpee like movements. You are to perform as many sets as possible in 15 minutes. Doesn't  sound hard right? Wrong!!! I was sweating within the first 5 minutes of the 15 minute time limit. Please keep in mind the weights and height of the box were based on what you think you could do and you go at your own pace. There was a lot of encouragement from the instructors as we'll as form correction along the way. Even better I did not have someone screaming at me the entire time. I want a tough workout but hey I don't like to be treated as if I am in the marines. Next it was time to move to the athletic conditioning class. The female instructor was sure buff and cut. I knew off the bat this would get results if I came on a regular basis. There were 6 stations setup. She went and demonstrated each movement and length of time to stay at each station. 4 of the stations were 2 minute increments and the others were 30 seconds on 30 seconds rest for 2 minutes. This workout looked a lot easier than it was. I am in good shape and I found myself needing to take breaks especially after having finished the crossfit class just prior to this segment. I will be double sore tomorrow. This is what I look for in a class because normally I do not find them challenging enough. I would definitely come back for this class. A quick reminder that all workouts can be scaled to your level so do not be afraid to try these classes. At the end of the event we were treated to either shots of chocolate banana or strawberry banana smoothies. Okay no argument on my part I will take one. Too bad they weren't spiked..just kidding. It was the perfect and well deserved surprise after a challenging class. We stretched as a group and then class was over. I loved it!!
4	So I started out this year with a mindset to try out some new ways to stay in shape, and with the help of Yelps Kicks Butt, I tried out the free Crossfit class at Metro Fitness. The gym is gorgeous and the equipment looked clean and well kept. There were plenty of cardio machines as well as an extensive set of weight machines and free weights. It also has a smoothie/protein shake bar for refueling after your workout.As to why I was there (the Crossfit class), I really had no idea what to expect. Thought it would be something like a mesh of high school football training and bootcamp. I was half right; it was nothing like bootcamp. The area in which the Crossfit classes takes place is very clean, organized, and easy to navigate. We had two trainers and the owner to help out with the class, and they were very encouraging while also making sure we maintained our form and were working out safely. We did a series of rowing, push presses, box jumps and burpies - as fast as possible within 15 minutes. We then moved from Crossfit to Athletic Conditioning (yay - two workouts in one!), which was also intense but a great workout. Nothing like warming up by pushing a 100 lb sled, right? I'll tell you one thing - I consider myself to be in decent shape - and this workout really kicked my butt (thanks, Yelp!). As to the facility as a whole, it's absolutely gorgeous but definitely out of my price range. I would love to be able to join and do Crossfit there more often, but right now I'll just have to hope that they offer more deals in the future so I can once again have a reason to step inside and get my workout on.
4	What a great facility in a convenient part of Myers Park. Went herd for a Yelp Kicks Butt class, and was very impressed with the staff and workout. A good mix of newbies and experienced folks for the Crossfit class, and they made all of us feel comfortable with the workout. A few shakes were even handed out post workout. Thanks for the workout Dar & company. Can't wait to return!
4	Swankalicious! I went for the Yelp Kicks Butt Crossfit/athletic conditioning class and was psyched that I got to check out this facility. It's an intimate gym with the standard cardio machines, weights area and a separate area that includes turf for CrossFit and athletic conditioning. I really liked the orange and brown hues which isn't a color scheme I dig normally since I am anti-Browns but it works. The workout kicked my arse. I couldn't walk in comfort for a few days after and it was great to learn more about their fitness facility, what classes they offer and more. When I wasn't sweating everything out in my body, I was keeping an out eye for men without rings. The membership looks a little pricey and if there are men out there who can afford it and are available, they can afford to take me out!
5	At age 39, I realized that I've let my couch-potato ways get the better of me over the last few years. I'm a big guy. 6'4, but I topped out at 384 lbs. In October I started dropping weight by adjusting my diet. 50 lbs into my weight loss I hit a plateau that had held for almost a month. A friend at work recommended Metro Fitness and their training approach. I signed up for a year, and a package of 30 personal training courses. I am 2 weeks in, and already I am starting to see a change. My weight hasn't really started to drop, but my body composition is already beginning to change. I feel better, have less pain in my legs and back, and am really excited about the change happening with my body. The staff are fantastic. My trainer is amazing. I got tired last week during a workout, and he brought me a 50 lb dumbbell to hold for a while. When he reminded me that this is what I had already lost, it really kicked the rest of my workout into high gear.He also taught me with exercises that I can do on the road, so while traveling this week I've managed to keep up the working out. I've tried dozens of gyms over the last 20 years, always promising myself to get back to my high school football player weight / physique. And every time has been a failure. But I think Metro has the 'secret sauce' which is going to keep me comign back again and again each week until I reach my goal!
5	Best gym i have ever been a member. Sure the sports club LA at the four seasons in Miami was trendy and chic with their ambient light and house music but metro has something that not many other gyms have, a real knowledge of what physical fitness actually means. The crossfit classes are insane and will redefine what you ever believed a workout was. The best part about this gym is the sense of family, everybody suffers together, we cheer each other on, and we reach levels of athleticism that we did not think were possible before. If you want your gym experience to be some meaningless chore somewhere else than have fun with that, if you want to beat all your friends at every sport imaginable  then join metro
5	I've worked out a lot of gyms and with a lot of personal trainers and Metro is the best. It's clean, professional and they are serious about fitness.  While everyone is pretty focused on their workouts don't be afraid to ask for help.  The trainers and staff are extremely professional and spend time on the floor.  They will gladly help you learn a new exercise or show you the proper form.   I work out with Thea routinely and can't say enough great things about her.  She is a constant professional, stickler for good form and knows how to motivate me.  She customizes my workouts and constantly coaches and me and pushes me to achieve more.  I highly recommend Metro Fitness.
5	Metro Fitness has changed my life.  I hated working out for the longest time.   I am proud to say that I have been consistently working out since last November doing CrossFit.  All the instructors are professional and so friendly, they are very patient as well.  The staff is also awesome and make you feel like you belong.  The center is so beautiful, well kept and clean.... a definite plus!  They are worth every penny and are hands down thee best facility in Charlotte (I belonged to a total of 6 gyms in the Charlotte area before joining Metro Fitness!!)  Give them a chance, you will not regret it!!
5	Best gym in Charlotte! Kettlebell & TRX lovers will find everything they need here.      A large Cross fit section as well. Perfect location and great management team.
