5	Excellent food and very reasonable prices! And huge portions for the price. You can easily get 3 meals out of one of their entrees. The front of the restaurant is a bar which is rather smoky but the smoke doesn't really migrate to the back. I will go back again and again.
5	I love the Moonlite! I'm from Latrobe, PA, and it consistently reminds me of just average, mom & pop family restaurants. The food is good, the prices are great, and the atmosphere is pleasant. Also, the portions are huge!The bar is also the only smoke-free bar in Brookline and I think it's great!Thursday's is $4 wine nights, so I recommend a visit those days if you enjoy a glass of vino. Also, the Moonlite Chicken sandwich is pretty ballin!
5	Moonlite Cafe is now non-smoking! Even better!
5	How does this place only have like a half dozen reviews? As a Sicilian, if I want Italian, I cook it. When my realtor insisted I try this place, I thought, "well I am hungry, and the fridge is empty..." and so off went the boyfriend and I. Louie, the owner, was there. He spied us immediately and wanted to know our story. Apparently this is a place for regulars. We fit right in. This guy is THE MAN. He was so nice, and so welcoming, as was his large and loud Italian family that were dining there that night. Hey, these are my people. We love to eat, we love to talk, and we love our wine and dessert. Moonlite has it all; atmosphere, food, family, and a full bar. The employees are good people. The bartenders know their stuff. I suspect close to everything is homemade down to the croutons in the salad (and if not it tastes the part) and the desserts are too (not there, they order them locally, which is also awesome!)I would never have found this place. It looks like nothing special from the outside, and nothing too fancy on the inside either, but who cares? It's delicious, and I love coming here. I have probably tried everything on the menu at this point and that's not an exaggeration. Everything is good, simple, and perfectly done. It's exactly what Italian should be. AUTHENTIC with HUGE portions. Suck it Olive Garden, I never liked you anyway. Seriously, check this place out.. It's a gem. Simplicity is key in good Italian cooking and they nail it. The veal is perfect every time, the zucchini mountain is spot on, and all the pasta dishes are great. Try the Sicilian dinners too; if you know the difference between Sicilian and Italian, you will definitely appreciate them.
5	We love this bar. It's a laid back, neighborhood bar in Brookline. They have terrific food but we really enjoy the wings which are $.50 Sunday, Monday and Tuesday. The owner is really friendly and there often. We love to go for a relaxed evening and play pool or darts, watch the game, and grab a few beers. Highly recommend it!
4	I have been in Brookline for a year and consider this to be one of the jewels of the neighborhood.I visited in May 2014 for dinner with a friend.  He had veal parm.  It came stand alone and the pasta on the side at cost.  I had the old tried and true spaghetti and meatballs.The veal was excellent.  Breaded ever so lightly, fried gently. Very flavorful.  The meatballs, delicious.  The spaghetti sauce, sweet and incredibly flavorful.  We both had the wedding soup, and my only regret was that I didn't order a bowl.  Broth, escarole, carrot, meat....a classic done superbly well.We each had an alcohol drink, one wine, one beer.Bill came to about $15 for the both.  Great food and at an affordable price.  Ill be back.  The dining room is behind the bar.  Food can be eaten in the bar, but not my scene.  The doing room is basically 10 tables around 2 pool tables.  No atmosphere but in classic Italian tradition its a no frills room to eat a meal filled with goodness.Four stars -- food is great, service wonderful, prices are excellent. Dining room with two pool tables, yuk.
5	We live down the street and have been meaning to come here... Now that we have, we will be here ALL THE TIME! I hate croutons, I pick them off, but their home made croutons on the house salad were amazing! The hot garlic parm wings had me licking my fingers, the stuffed peppers had the best sausage in them, and the waitress was so sweet and accomodating... I couldn't be happier! The place isn't well advertised, so I feel it's necessary to say... Please come here, for your sake and to ensure this place stays open for the rest of my life. Thank you.
3	Was our favorite restaurant, but they killed it when they closed the full service restaurant and just put tables in the bar. The menu is smaller, the food is different than it was and nowhere as good. Hardly ever go there anymore, and when we do, we're usually disappointed.
5	Love this place! www.thecocktailchefusa.com
5	One of Brooklines best kept secrets! Recently started coming here after living in the neighborhood for a few years and we were not dissapointed. They have delicious salad options for me and my husband is full on addicted to the open faced hot italian sandwich. Friendly and knowledgeable staff. Will keep coming back!
5	This is my first visit here I was not extremely impressed when I first walked through the door.  We went to the back by the pool tables and wow it opens up nicely.  Our server was nice and prompt I asked her about a menu item and she said she didn't know but wait and I'll ask... Love that... we could hear the chef yelling the answer she came out and told us even though we had already heard the answer.  I ordered the Reuben my wife ordered the beacon cheese burger. The bread was light and perfectly tested.  the sourcrout was very nice and I suspect actual Russian dressing,  the corned beef was hot flavorful and moist it was delicious. Best I have had outside of NY.  So... nice decor good drinks and excellent food.  Chef even came out to chat(slower night) the fire fighters come here so you know it's good.  if you have a chance to stop by do it. You won't be disappointed
