1	"A waste of your time"Initially, I found this store by conducting a simple internet search. I was in the market for selling my home furniture. After my initial call, I was recommended to contact another representative to arrange an onsite quote. A few unanswered phone calls and promised visits, and I finally had a rep visit my home. Obviously, I understood that my used furniture would not be bring in a large sum of money; however, the offer was low and I was willing to accept since I was scheduled to move shortly.  Well, prior to the representative departing my home, he instructed me contact him if I wanted to accept the offer, and that he could return a few days later for pick-up. I sent message and attempted to contact this representative via cell phone; however, no phone call was returned, nor did he return any messages. Overall, I'd say that this company is rather unprofessional, unorganized and lacks integrity to follow-up with any potential customers.
1	I have acquired a very nice piece of Furniture. "American Drew"As I have read the other yelper's post/review, I agree.I will explain to you, the dialogue of the encounter with http://www.establishedbuyers.com/I called the number on the site and was re- directed to a Field rep who apparently has been with this company for some time. Unknown? After have spoke to him and Emailing him 3 pics--(which you will See here) and a link to my CL posting   ---http://phoenix.craigslist.org/evl/fuo/4670398140.html---( this is not an attempt to sell--only so that you can see the pics I have poste--he offered me a 50$ deal.   Really? Note this on their site??Since 1958 we have been paying TOP DOLLAR for clean quality home furnishings!I replied with Id rather burn it than sell it for that. He replied - ive heard that before. I then came back with - If your not interested--you should have just said so. So on and So forth. The texting continued by me stating he need not reply and good bye. He then came back with -And I quote. "You should educate yourself before speaking" . The next call was then back to the number posted on the site. The lady who answered the phone sounds like she's the owner of the business and that the field rep works for her. She stated that he is very good at what he does. That buy the conversation "we" had--she would offer 50$ as well.  Why?? She NEVER even seen the 2 piece Dresser/Hutch "American Drew furniture. I did come back with " That the piece is worth far more than $50.00. I could get more off donating it - with the tax write off. - she stated that that it would be worth it seeing how I was trying to get "RID" of it. (note) Im not trying to " get rid of IT" im trying to sell it. NOTE: the headline on her --web site---Since 1958 we have been paying TOP DOLLAR for clean quality home furnishings!The point is--do your research first and don't jump into a sale with these people. In the long run - your furniture may be worth more to you in the form of a donation or a gift to someone who could use your no longer wanted items. They remind me of a pawn shop and the prices they offer. Seller Beware?
1	Just as I expected.  Pathetic low ball sckank guy.  Acts like he knows everything. Was going to give me $500 for 2 amazing bedroom sets.  One is Bennington Pine...6 piece Queen Poster bed..excellent condition.  The other solid mahonogy... 8 piece...circa 1950. Seriously?  I could get more donating it!  DO NOT DEAL WITH THESE RIP OFF SKANKS!!!!!!
