1	Disappointed: first day of scheduled service the lady called with excuses and ultimately a no show; willing to give a second chance and the person was 30 mom late. Needless to say I was unable to experience their derive because they couldn't get their act together to show up; at $20 per hour I expected much more #punctuality
4	I recently contacted this agency on behalf of my father and mother-in-law who desperately needed home care assistance. I called on a Thursday and Care with Confidence went above and beyond to arrange a home visit the very next day and were able to schedule a caregiver almost immediately. They were incredibly responsive, professional and their rates are very competitive.  I was very pleased and would highly recommend them to other families.
5	For me the trust and the care which Care With Confidence give is more then words could ever say. They are like a special friend that always are there whenever I need them and it don't matter the time or place because they are always there for me and when other caregivers companies wants to ensure first how they going to get their payment off of me, Care With Confidence always leave that for last and focus first on giving me the service which I'm looking for and with type of caregiver that I want. I'm a male that have Cerebral Palsy and I'm also a wheelchair user and I'm getting treatments which required my caregivers to help me to transfer me off of my wheelchair, undress me completely, shave my full body completely and so on. And for my personal comfort I always have required only females caregivers for my services and care which Care With Confidence have always had giving me only females caregivers like I have asked for plus all of the caregivers have been very incredibly responsible, professional and their rates are very competitive.  I'm very pleased and would highly recommend them to other families. Without thinking 2 times Care With Confidence is the only caregiver company which I'm planning to use for life! Thanks Care With Confidence all you guys are just awesome and amazing!!!
5	We all know that many of our laws of our beautiful country needs some kind of updates because the "standers" of yesterday are not meeting the "standers" of today needs. And sadly 95% of the caregiving agencies which I have been dealing with have the same issues with their ruling and with their laws. But for sure Care with Confidence is taking to a brand new and exciting level the meaning of care for a person who might need or want a helping hand to do just about anything they want to do. This agency have one of the most kind and caring staff that I have never known. Always on time and always going the extra mile to ensure I'm 110% happy with their services. And it doesn't matter what are your needs or how personal they might be because this amazing people will stand by your side and don't let you down. So if your looking for an agency who will be interesting in meeting your needs without seeing your money first then I highly recommend you to give them a try. A agency with a warm beeping pure heart but as the same time with an open mind of today needs to cover everybody needs with the same honestly and respect and this is only the start of what Care with Confidence means to me.
5	Care with Confidence took care of my father and mother-in-law for a while last year (they only needed help temporarily) and I was very happy with their services.  I had to re-contact them recently to get some information for a friend of the family and they responded promptly and professionally and even remembered my in-laws! I was very pleased - and appreciative. They provide quality care and I recommend them highly.
1	I used Care With Confidence for my elderly mother. I was extremely disappointed in both the caregiver and company owner.  In my opinion the caregiver, Lily, was unprofessional, fell asleep on the couch while caring for my mother, and was extremely lazy.  The owner did not follow through on resolving an issue for us. I would not recommend this company.
