4	No one has reviewed this yet? Seriously?!? I love the scenery at lake las vegas. That alone gives this place four stars, as im a loc and its really nice to get away from the lights & noise & forget youre in vegas once in a while. There are several excellent restaurants within walking distance here, the rooms and ameneties are beautiful, and ive had excellent service in the past. So why not five stars?Because this place is a GHOST TOWN. There is SO much potential here to market to locals instead of to snooty rich out-of-towners. The only time i see it full here is july 4th. Who packs it in? LOCAL FAMILIES. If yall want more customers, shift your focus. Put in a playground. Have family friendly  festivals (nolt just wine tastings).Allow kids to play on your beach. And for gods sake, add a convenience store so people can buy things like diapers, cigarettes and advil. Rebrand yourselves people. Id hate to see this place go under, but it will if you dont get your heads out of your you-know-whats.
5	I went there to have some photos taken of myself and my boyfriend by a photographer. There were plenty of places for beautiful picture backdrops. There are shops and restaurants sprinkled throughout the grounds. Along with benches, grass, fountains, and gardens to enjoy. There are paths to walk on around the lakes edge. There is also a casino and a hotel on the property. I would suggest checking the Resorts website for updates on activities and events that are happening at the location. I saw couples, families, and groups of friends enjoying the sprawling grounds and peacefulness of the lake while I was there.
5	Idk of this place is really this beautiful or if Floyd really knows how to party . Appreciation  party for the amazing mayweather is awesome
5	Lake Las Vegas is perhaps the most beautiful destination in the Clark County area. Many people choice Lake Las Vegas as the place for their wedding ceremony. I is indeed one of a kind, with it's elegant hotels, quaint shops lining the cobble stone walkway down to the marina. It is a wonderful place to sit along the lake to listen to bands play, or to ice state during the winter months. Lake Las Vegas is beautifully decorated for the holidays, and is just a must place to go with visitors, family, and friends. Don't forget your camera.
5	The area includes several hotels and casinos including the Monte Lago Village Resort, the Westin Lake Las Vegas Resort, the Hilton Lake Las Vegas, and Casino MonteLago. This is a gem in the desert. The resort was built to resemble a village on the lake somewhere in Tuscany, but it was not busy when I went. Most people out of town never heard of Lake Las Vegas.Saturday nights, from May to October, they have free concerts such as jazz by the lake; so bring your blanket, bottle of wine and snacks and enjoy.There is Kayaks, jet ski and stand up paddle board to rent.
