5	Miguel is a very talented Makeup Artist and Stylist, I have had the pleasure of working along side this phenomenal designer for over 5 years, his work is always flawless, executed to suit the needs of the client and his professionalism is right on point! Miguel is one of the finest Professionals in the industry, and offers a true echelon of beauty treatments, a high end experience and first class all the way!!
5	I have used Miguel's services for many years! He is incredibly professional, passionate, knowledgeable and an amazing artist! I have not only received amazing hair/makeup services from Miguel but worked side by side with him as well. His level of enthusiasm, and artistic abilities is some of the best I've ever seen! You will NEVER be disappointed with your hair or makeup with Miguel! He delivers amazing, top quality service, always on time or early and really knows his stuff! I can't say enough good things about the services I've received from him!
5	Miguel did my makeup and hair for my wedding. He also did my two bridesmaids makeup. He did an amazing job. We all looked gorgeous. Most importantly I want to point out that I am a dark skinned woman of color. He made me look so beautiful. So if you're on the fence about hiring him don't be. He is so talented and really nice. It was overall just a great experience. I'll be sure to post a pic.
5	I recently used this talented makeup artist on my Thanksgiving vacation to Las Vegas for my best friends wedding. This is the 3rd time I've used him and just like the first two times, I was beyond amazed and happy. His skills with a hair brush were only surpassed by his skills with his makeup brushes. I was runway ready in under 2hours. I've also recommend him to my family and friends and they all just raved about him. My cousin used him for her wedding earlier this year and she was more than ecstatic for him to him get his hands on her face and hair. If she can trust him and be more than happy with his work on her most important day, so should you. You will not regret it.
5	For my 30th birthday I really wanted to treat myself to having my hair and makeup done, with so many artists to choose from I was a bit overwhelmed... Finally I found Miguel and his site and I booked him. I am so happy I did!! He made me look glamorous!! He's extremely professional and talented. Full disclosure I am a hairstylist and of course a little nervous of being in someone else's chair.. I was thrilled! Book Miguel !! He's the best!
