1	Horrible.  Same situation as other review. Got a quote over phone for like 100 plus stairs and they came to house and said like 450.  Husband at our rental was going to send them away and they lowered price to like 220 and give me 40 bucks cash and we will call it even. We were in a rough spot as we purchased s new house and getting out of a rental and the property management  company was doing a walk through that afternoon so we had to get it done.   Shady business. I couldn't believe it.  Ugh
1	This company scams people into believing your getting a great deal. I asked the lady over the phone if everything is included In the special she offered me and she said yes. It was supposed to be 100 for 1 room and stairs. they got to my house and put some chemical bullshit on my carpet and told me I need to add all this other shit in order to get my carpet cleaned. A price which was supposed to be 100 turned into 400 and my carpet didn't look bad at all I just needed a little touch up because my family was coming into town. I left for 15 minutes to go get my mail as soon as I returned they were packing up and getting ready to leave. ALL THEY DID FOR ME IS STEAM MY CARPET WTF!!!! and they had dirty shoes on which created a new stain on my carpet. What a horrible company. DO NOT CALL THEM!!!!!
1	Honestly wish there was a zero or half star rating. Quoted $118 for a small living room and sectional cleaning. Technician came in and used steam only with no soap or chemicals whatsoever and was done in 18 minutes. Work looked horrible nothing was clean at all. Dirt just looking spread out. Wish I had read the three 1 star ratings on here before they came into my home. Tried to talk me into a second cleaning with soap for another $75 when it was supposed to be cleaned with soap the first time. DO NOT USE.THESE GUYS. MANY BETTER COMPANIES OUT THERE.
1	Stay far away from this one. My husband called and got a quote for carpet cleaning from a women for 1 living room and 1 sectional sofa. The quote was $50-$75 for the sofa and $33 for the 1 room. When the guy arrived he tried to upsale for the deep cleaning, $230. We just needed a regular clean so we declined. He finished the 1 room and sofa in 18 minutes using no detergent. He said they only did steam cleaning ( hot water) and soap was the deep cleaning and we had to pay more for that. After arguing for over an hour how all other carpet cleaning services use soap to clean. We REFUSED to pay them for this so called carpet cleaning. Basically he vacuumed hot water on the carpet. He threatened  to dump the dirty water on the carpet, call the cops, and refused to leave my driveway. The manager was not anymore helpful. He also threatened to have his guy dump the dirty water. Too bad I already thought to take the water and dump it after the guys threatened the first time. Shady, shady company.
1	Horrible, horrible, horrible company! My mother chose this company based on it's advertisement in the newspaper. They quoted us one price over the phone and made her aware that it would be an additional cost for the stairs, which makes sense. When they arrived they tried to charge us $150 more. We then tried to speak with the companies corporate office and spoke with Cherie who had poor customer service and later lied about her name after I told that I was going to escalate my complaint. We moved everything and have family coming to town for a graduation and our carpet is not washed. DONT WAIST YOUR TIME.
1	I made an appointment for the $59.00 4 room special.  The appointment Secretary told me 6 rooms for $95.00. When the man got to my home to do the work he sized us up and decided that the job would be $549.00 for shampoo steam and sanitize.  We asked him to leave nicely then he said he could call his boss and get us a Better price. So we asked him to leave again nicely.  And he did. I felt it was a bait and switch scam they seem to try all the time. He seemed very comfortable running the scam.
1	Worst company I have ever used. They quoted me $49 for 3 rooms and $49 for my couch and love seat. I specifically asked if that would be the total price after all was said and done and she assured me that yes, this was the total cost, unless they had to use 'extra chemicals'. What they don't tell you is that the cleaning solution is considered extra. The first guy came and said he couldn't do it for some reason. The second guy finally showed up 5 hours after the original timeframe.  The guy came in and cleaned a large square in the middle of my living room and 1 cushion on my couch. He then said something to the effect of the steam clean is $49, but to get the whole place looking like that spot on the carpet he quoted me over $500 to clean a small 2 bedroom apartment. After telling them there was no way I could pay that he 'haggled' with his boss and got it down.  At this point he already cleaned a big part of it and I had company coming into town the next day so I had no choice but to let him continue. We made arrangements to divide the payments. To be honest, my carpet doesn't even look that great.So after that I called the company to move my payment out 2 more weeks due to an emergency. I spoke with someone in the office on July 3rd and she said she would leave a note for the lady in billing. I called again on July 7th to make sure that was still ok.  She assured me it was and they would run my card on July 18th. I looked at my account today and saw that they ran it today.Avoid this company at all costs. They outright lie to you and obviously cannot listen or read. Completely worthless.
