5	This is a great place to run if you live in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area.  The very canals that provide water to the metropolis are bordered by excellent hard packed multiuse dirt paths that are perfect for logging serious miles on foot or bike.  The various marathon training clubs run the canals.  Not terribly scenic but flat, safe from traffic and well traveled.  If you go to the SRP website you can calculate the distance of your run with their handy map.
4	I don't take advantage of the Canal as much as I should... it's the perfect place to go running, walking, or biking when the weather is not too crazy hot.  It's dog friendly (but please clean up after your pup so I don't step in anything I don't want to)... It's easy to get to, it goes for miles, and it feels pretty safe (although I probably would not run alone when it's dark out).Like Sarah said in her review., it's not terribly scenic. but it beats running in the street and I enjoy the surface much better than paved road or sidewalk too.  I didn't know about the SRP website map, so I'm going to have to check that out for sure!
5	It's hard to get away from everything when you live in a big megalopolis like Phoenix.  For a brief time, the canals can give you a break from our busy streets.I like to bike on the canals and as it gets warmer I'll start to go at night and get the ever so slightest cooling effect from the water.Get a map (from online or bike shops) and you'll find out that they more prevalent than you may have thought.   Go for a ride!
4	The canal is my go-to for everday running. While I have a tough time repeating the same route over and over (my fitness STOPS in the summer because I refuse to use a treadmill), I do loops using the surface streets to create a new 3-6 miler every day!
4	I'm a little hesitant to start running / biking on the canals again, since my Golden Retriever fell in and nearly drowned the last time I did, thankfully there was a helpful Marine on the other side...However, I biked from Camelback and Scottsdale Road to Central yesterday, and man did I have a great time. Cool breezes and water right below you is nice. I'm pretty sure I saw something move in the water too... Yes, it's pretty boring and not so scenic, like Sarah and Gabi noted, but it's out of the way of traffic. I feel way more safe riding along the canal than riding along Indian School Road...People seem to be pretty good about cleaning up after their dogs. The Arizona Falls tidbit is pretty cool for a desert city. Overall, it's just a great place to run / bike / walk. I should definitely use the canal more than I do.
5	Unfortunately, after living near the canal for 5 years, I haven't seen a dead body.  Seriously, it's my dream to find one.  I can see the TV crews and cameras now...The Grand Canal is now paved from 7th Avenue East.  I rode it with Robert M and Bacon all the way down to McDowell, and the paving continued.  No traffic to deal with, except for when crossing streets.  We saw some cool pottery, super-sized, as decor.  There are also several little parks in CenPho along the canal.I've read/heard that the city is actually going to start utilizing the canal as more of a park.  They'll be putting up more lighting and trees and little shops along the way.  I can't wait for that part!  I still need to see a floater, though.
4	I just noticed today that Amy D. and I had exactly the same number of reviews...224! Amy's 224th review was of the Arizona Canal and in her honor, my 225th review is of...The Arizona Canal:)When I complemented her on her terrific review of this engineering marvel, I mentioned that I thought of her that very morning, because I was out running on the canal and saw a dead body...GASP!!!!Well, it was the dead body of a canal carp or whatever aquatic creature lives in the canals...still, it was a body and it was clearly quite dead!When I see the fish in the canal (and the fisher-people angling for them), I am reminded not so much of fly fishing on the Metolius or Deschutes in Oregon...I think more along the lines of Springfield Lake on the Simpsons...I expect to see an angler pull up a carp with 3 eyes and a foot for a flipper.I have been using the canals for running and biking and strolling (but not fishing) since I arrived in this dusty little cow town back in `03...and using them very successfully, I might add:)From the near reaches of the Biltmore (next to my first home in the valley), to Paradise Valley and North Scottsdale, and now in the 85251...I've always had a version of the waterway nearby, to use as a recreational playground...I think they (whoever "they" are) must have planned it that way:)The levee's holding the water in are broad and flat, graded pea gravel in most spots...paved in some others...perfect for a jog (easier on my old knees and ankles) or bike ride!The canals seem to go pretty much everywhere around the valley (I've ridden from NoSco to Tempe and CenPho and from the 85251 to pretty much everywhere and back on the canals) and they are all easy to access from just about any street that comes within 200 yards of a branch.That's also led some folks to take to the canals for nefarious purposes (hence the constant vigilance for dead bodies, as well as keeping an eye out for the "Canal Decapitators":)I don't know that a gang like that exists, but I do know that a couple of decades back, they found headless body or 2 near the canals...none of us want to end up like that...I mean how could we wear a cool fedora if we didn't have a head?But I don't worry about that too much...I'm 6'2" and my running buddy is 6'3" and a former major league catcher...people pretty much just seem to give us a polite "Howdeedoo" when we meet (I say "meet" because we don't "pass" too many people...the occasional arthritic octogenarian or nonagenarian, but that's about it:)The canals really are a multi-use marvel...they bring water and life to the desert, they are an attractive place to run and bike and play, they raise real estate values in the 85251 by letting themselves be called "waterfront" and they provide a focus for light hearted banter about dead people and gruesome crimes:)That's about as much as you can ask for from public infrastructure waterworks!
4	Let me start with a very important fact. This is a canal. This is not a waterfront and this is not the ocean, so people have to take it for what it is -- a canal. Phew, I feel so much better. And, now that I've gotten that out of the way, I can say that for being a canal...this is one pretty dam good canal and for a variety of reasons. When the 115 weather isn't killing me slowly and it's in the double digits, I love to go running and the canal is the perfect option for outdoor running. It's a running path I forget about all too often, but when I remember, I love it because it just keeps going and going and going. I'll see everyone from families with strollers to retirees with dogs along the trail and everyone is friendly and welcoming. Whether you want to go one mile or 10, you've got plenty of track to cover. I wish the canal offered more water-side businesses but Old Town has tried and I give them credit for trying. Even if it's just a canal, there's always something nice about eating along some sort of water as long they keep the water clean aka stench-free. So, if you travel along the canal, you'll find some good stops randomly placed along the way, And I will leave this review with my only unique story pertaining to the canal. While running my dog one morning, I ran past the Old Town canal crossing and saw some men standing in the drained canal. Suddenly I saw these Jurassic fish flopping in and out of the water. These things were huge...probably five feet long and five feet wide, I thought that they had somehow found their way into the canal and the men must of course be saving the poor really ugly creatures-from-another-world...so I asked. And guess what? These were not canal trespassing fish. Instead, they were placed in the canal to apparently keep it "clean" (take that with a grain of salt) and the guys were doing their annual canal cleaning so they had to keep the fish from swimming away. So the next time you gaze into the "ocean of Phoenix," think of the poor freakish fish swimming down below.
4	I like this place.A great place to spend the night jogging.The water makes the area a little muggy and humid and there is sometimes an odd smell that cannot be placed but hangs in the air like a stale fart.But the area is open and you can run without bumping into a crowd and the lights reflecting off of the water take you out of the desert - even if it is just for a little while.
4	Fact: The canals in Phoenix are less lame than expected.Yes, I realize the whole "not lame" thing is coming out of nowhere, but I was actually surprised at how cool the canals in Phoenix are for working out. Here's why.  There is a paved portion that goes for about 10 miles in each direction (starts around 18th Street) so that's a good 20 miles to practice changing gears and clipping in and out of your shoes.  You don't have to cross highways or streets as there are underpasses. If you have a mountain bike (I have a road bike), you can bike farther on the gravel paths. The scenery is a little interesting as you pass through various neighborhoods. The cons: Flat so no hill training. You have joggers and families with little kids using the same path so you can't go too fast. When you first enter the underpasses, you are blind for a millisecond while your eyes adjust to the darkness - a little scary when on a bike and you can't see what's ahead.
4	Love that I can ride a bike (or walk or rollerblade or whatever) from my hotel on McCormick Parkway all the way down to breakfast in Old Town. Last year I failed to look around and rode a cruiser all the way down Scottsdale road. Ding dong. Not smart.  Soooo much happier this year. Plus - around there were dudes with their full-scale model power boats on the lake and that was very cool to watch.
4	Great place to run, walk, job!  Sometimes it smells bad though!
5	Let's go live in the desert! One day, some where, some one... thought that was a good idea. Prior to moving to Phoenix, I had only seen the desert on TV... like in the Wile E. Coyote & Road Runner cartoons and on National Geographic. It was the end of July this summer when we flew out here for a long weekend to home hunt. It was my first time in Phoenix. It was over 100 degrees. My thought was... what am I doing? It's so beige here! That was my next thought.I will say though, coming from Florida (flat), I was sold on the mountains. The landscape here in general is just like another world compared to what I was used to. It's a nice change. After we left and now that we're here, I still kept thinking about how the hell do 4.5 million people live in the desert? Then I discovered the Arizona Canal.Much like the flux capacitor makes time travel possible, the man-made Arizona Canal system makes living in the desert possible for humans. The thing that was even more mind blowing once I got to reading more into it, is that this canal system was started by a native tribe over a thousand years ago. Pretty cool stuff.The canal system now is obvi more technologically advanced than it was then, but from what I've read the native engineers laid out a pretty good groundwork for the later pioneers to follow. Aside from just being miraculous, the city has also made the canals multi-use. There are trails that run along them for miles... I mean like, alota miles. Some are paved (I haven't seen those yet) and others are gravel. Apparently there are parks in areas along the canal as well. You can also fish in them if you have a license to do so. I've recently incorporated a portion of the canal trails into my workouts. It's great for running and biking places because you don't have to deal with vehicle traffic unless you're crossing streets, which is easy enough. The Arizona Canal is quite an innovation, and now my mind is a bit more at ease since I figured out how so many people live in the desert. The more you know...
5	I love the Arizona Canal!! My favorite thing about Arizona (besides Eric M.) is the outdoor workouts that are available, mainly because I am an active person but I can't stand gyms. Along with hiking Camelback/Piewesta Peak and running Tempe Town Lake, running or biking the canal is one of my favorite fun and free workouts that we do around town. When the weather is hot, the water from the canal provides some relief. The city has been great by providing lighting for the pathways and I feel extremely safe whether we're riding/running during the day or after dark. The canal can lead to a number of places but I love heading to O.H.S.O. They have bike parking right off the canal or if you're walking your dog, they welcome your four-legged friends onto the patio area where they supply free water and treats (plus they have amazing food and beer). We have biked from our part of town by Arcadia to Mill Ave and Old Town Scottsdale a bunch.. Great way to get around without having to pay for parking!
3	This review is for the untamed stretch of trail between Chaparral and McDonald Road. This area may or may not get paved and turned into a real path starting next May 2015. For now, it's like the Wild Wild west of trails as one side (closest to power poles) is overloaded with gopher holes and dog crap. I cannot imagine walking at night on this path as some of holes are huge and others are giant mounds of dirt that are clearly a lawsuit waiting to happen. There is also no doggie crap bags, but that should not be a reason that pig owners let their dog crap all over the outside of the trail. Must be the lowlife section of Scottsdale. Anyway, you can still get a good walk in and it is about 25 minutes from one overpass to the next.UPDATE: They paved over all the major holes. First time in 4 months and the crap is gone for now, but smaller holes remain too.  Good job SRP.
