3	It sits so inconspciously you can easily miss it if you don't know what you are looking for. Sitting at the headwaters of Mill Avenue, Final Round appears to be very much off the beaten path, a place favored mostly by international aid relief workers, representatives from Western energy coroporations, and the occasional tourist. Almost no one comes here by mistake. The design is very modest, although there is indoor plumbing. A very large colour television set christens one side of the room, buffeted by a few tables and booths. Opposite this is an imposing bar, and a small area for darts. It is far from tranquil though, and one occaison we were graced by a visit by none other than a roving band of the Ed Hardy Army. It was an impressive sight, even for this hardened war correspondent. The men flexed their muscles under exceedingly tight uniforms, their hats drawn so low over their faces as to obscure their very humanity. The women's physiques also burst at the seams, reinforcing the world's oldest pecking order. A sighting of the Army this far south in Tempe, however, cannot be a good sign. Decades of intergenerational conflict, cultural famine, and poor management of natural resources has left the local population with little means to cope, and the Army's presence can hardly be welcome.Whatever compelled the raid, it likely was not the culinary diversity of Final Round. While the beer is indeed cold, and the food edible, it boasts a menu so small you would assume it was owned by a Scottish expat. I had heard good things about their wings but I never had the patience to try. Expect to find only the most traditional of bar food offerings here, and no local color aside from perhaps Four Peaks ale.Service is also annoyingly slow. There is an honest explanation, for the Final Round has often only two people working the floorspace at any given time...and one is usually at the bar. The waitress is usually cheerful, if not overburdened...and that makes up for some of the delay. Still tensions have been known to rise as patrons anxiously await their foodMany presume the real motivation for the Army's visit was its rather low prices for pitchers of beer. That may be true, but the food is not a particular great value. However it won't burn a hole in anyone's pocket either. A recent model speaks to the managment's desire to change this perhaps, and appeal to a richer and more worldly clientele. But for now, heaven will have to wait, and life will continue on as it has in this part of the world for decades.
3	Strip Mall Gold... ok, maybe not actual gold but once you walk into  this hole in the wall, what-the-heck-is-a-bar doing here place, the drinks are so cheap you just might be stumbling out and after barely spending anything!isn't fancy at all,  food is decent for a bar, the usual Cheers crew is always there. have karoke fridays and saturday nights but since i cant stand off tune singining i run out the door soon as it starts! haha... worth a try if you're strapped for cash and need to get your drink on
5	I have a very special place in my heart for hole-in-the-wall bars that serve an eclectic mix of patrons who are brought together by their mutual love for cheap drinks and some good, old-fashioned karaoke. Final Round is one of those places, and I am so glad we decided to give it a try last Friday night after a night of drinking and eating on Mill Avenue (and not just because we were looking for a casual, comfortable, be-yourself kind of place after the flashy scene at Ra!). I was the designated driver, so I didn't drink anything, but my husband and sister managed to have 3-4 drinks each for only $15 or so (each!). What a deal! They were also offering Red Bull/vodkas for $2, which is pretty much the price of a Red Bull. We sat at a table inside to be closer to the karaoke, but there were two nice large round tables on the outdoor smoking patio, which a lot of people were enjoying. We didn't have food, which I imagine isn't great, although it's a real plus in my mind that if we had wanted to have fries or something to cope with the munchies, we could have. The bartender herself was nice, but the real highlight for us was how nice and welcoming the guy doing karaoke was. From what we could tell, he works at Final Round and just runs the karaoke on Fridays (as opposed to to the KJs who are paid to come in and bring their own show/equipment). Since he noticed we were new to the place, he took the time to come over and chat with us. It's always nice when someone working somewhere takes the time to make you feel welcome. The sound system itself was surprisingly good, as was the song selection. Because the bar wasn't super-busy, we all got to sing three times in two hours, which is definitely not the case at a lot of karaoke places we've been to. Because I love karaoke, I have a hard time evaluating bars that offer it from a non-karaoke-lover's perspective. I'll do my best to take a step back, though, and comment on this bar from that point of view - if you like a comfortable dive bar scene where the drinks are cheap and are ok with their not being any sort of hip scene, you will still love Final Round, even if you don't love karaoke. If you also happen to like karaoke, you'll love it even more (just like I do!).
3	Ok, our second experience at Final Round was not nearly as fun as our first time there. We went back last Saturday night with some friends from out of town and were disappointed to find that it was not as much as of a hidden gem as we thought it to be. As I said before, I can really appreciate a good ole' dive bar with karaoke, cheap drinks, and interesting people. That being said, the second time we went, even though the drinks were still cheap and the crowd was still diverse, the wait to sing was really long (with these two very, very loud and grating regulars getting turns what felt like three times as frequently as everyone else), the sound system was turned up way too loud so you couldn't have a conversation, and the bar service was really slow for how many people were there. We all left with our ears practically bleeding and only having gotten one chance to sing in two hours or so. Maybe it just wasn't a good place to take a big group. Or maybe Saturday nights are a lot crazier than Friday nights. Either way, I'm going to have to retract my original 5-star rating and give this place a 3. I'm sure we'll still go back at some point when we're in the mood for karaoke on a Friday night, but if we could go to Kobalt instead and have 1) more chances to sing; 2) better-quality and just-as-cheap drinks; 3) friendly, fast service; and 4) regulars who sing well and don't act like they own the place, why wouldn't we?
1	Just to make this clear on how bad this place sucks for karaoke, I am on my iPhone right now while I am here to right a review. I got off work at 10 and came by here for the first time cause I heard this place was awesome for karaoke. Little did I realize HOW wrong everyone was. I walk in and my ears start to bleed. The singers were a collection of the worst singers I've eve heard. The crowd was mainly made up of people twice my age, and I'm 26. The drink specials were decent but the bar was SMALL!  There are MAYBE 10 tables in the whole bar. I will NEVER come back here unless for some reason I really want to feel better about myself.
4	Okay here we go, this bar is very special to me. This is a small dive located in a strip mall that i never noticed til 2008 even though i lived 2 blocks away most of my life. Final round became like Cheers to me for awhile, always familiar faces and friendly people(sometimes too friendly ;). The food here is really great (homemade pizza dough and yummy burgers) and the drinks are perfect and super cheap($5 stoli redbull,what?). There is usually stuff going on like karaoke on saturdays, poker and 35 cent wings on mondays, and they have special events occasionally. Went there last year for St Patty's day and there was cheap homemade corned beef and cabbage with a live band and they extended into the parking lot for it. This bar is smallll and not the nicest decor(star off for lack of room and decor), but its comfy and all too easy to become a reg.  Bring a couple friends to have a nice divey time and sing/listen to some bad karaoke. I have probably never had more fun at a bar as I have at this one.
4	Cheap Drinks, Cool Staff, Friday Night Karaoke, More then interesting people
4	With out question final round is my favorite local bar. The food is great, They offer a lot of daily specials,including $3 pitchers,half price Burger's are juicy and dee-lish) as well as .40cent wings (also dee-lish) and an all you can eat breakfast on Sundays. If your in Tempe and looking for a low key dive bar with great food and good times check out final round!
4	I've been to this bar a few times in the evening, and it is a typical neighborhood bar, nothing special.  The regulars love the pizza, the drinks are cheap, and it is a small, dare I say, cozy place.  Not particularly the right place for me as a hang out, but I do have to tell you why I am rating it so high:Amazing trucker style breakfast!I was there on a Sunday looking for a greasy plate of eggs and a beer.  Oh my!  I found EXACTLY what I was looking for.They serve all-you-can-eat breakfast from open to noon for $5.95!  Eggs! Cooked however you like.Hashbrowns! Your choice of peppers, onions, and cheese in them.Sausage!  As much as you can swallow!Bacon!  The pork industry is booming because of Final Round!Everything was hot and satisfying, and I washed it down with an ice cold draft beer.My buddy and I both had a small pitcher each and two breakfasts, and the total was around $22 before tip.  I couldn't believe it! I need to say it again:Amazing trucker style breakfast
4	Not quite small enough to be a hole-in-the-wall, this bar is packed with regulars.  It is a pretty chill place considering the number of people that come to it on Friday nights especially.  People there are pretty friendly and they are always hosting some kind of event (usually kareoke most nights).  I would say that if you were looking for someplace to go that isn't crazy like the rest of Mill Ave.  then head here!
4	The Executive summary:Food -- All appetizers on the menu were gross, even fries :( . The ranch you expect at a dive bar is replaced by sour bottled store crap, so that kills any fried food love. but the fried food was not worth the $... I didnt try pizza or burgers so I cant judge there. It is clear they are a bar and not restaurant -- but drunk people eat drunk food, and they have it.Drinks -- cheap cheap. Bar service can be slow on any busy night and they dont often visit the tables so you stand at tthe bar behind the regulars trying to squeeze in.Trivia Tuesdays are great. I love trivia and the menu is happy hour prices (tho, to repeat myself I will not order any food again.Atmosphere -- Low key, low expectation neighborhood bar. I like that. Theres a big pool room with darts and shuffleboard. There is a patio out front for smoking where you can actually have a seat at a table and smoke -- essential to a bar, for god sake. This fact in and of itself is worth a star.Decor -- Dark and old.So... Go there to drink, smoke  and play trivia -- not to eat.
5	This place is pretty rad.  They recently finish a 2000sf + expansion and patio expansion.  The food is inconsistently good.  Really good during the days when the daytime bartender is cooking... I know for a fact they use Kraft Ranch.  Monday night trash talk poker is a blast.  Tues is an awesome trivia night with a funny big guy hosting to a quality crowd.  Wed is college night.  They start off with volleyball at the park across the street then real cheap drinks w college id and karaoke.Thurs night is my favorite.  Beer Olympics!  a Coed tournament with 5 games, pool, darts, shuffle board, beer pong, bags and Gift Certificates for Gold, Silver and Bronze followed by their resident DJ Bon Joke.  He's pretty good. He mixes Karaoke with his videos and  DJ tracks and makes you wanna sing.   DJ Bon Joke is also the featured entertainment on Friday and Sat.  Final Round is probably the only bar in Tempe I'd give 5 stars to.
2	I don't want to repeat what everyone else on here has been saying, re: cheap drinks, regular crowd, Cheers-type atmosphere, crappy-but-fun karaoke.  That stuff is all true, as far as it goes.  My guy and I live right down the street, and have been hanging out here pretty much every other weekend since July 2012.  As such, we've spent a decent amount of cash and have even introduced a few new folks to the bar.  After today, however, I'm never going back.  We walked over, ready for some Sunday screwdrivers and some hang-out time with the regulars.  We even brought a bunch of chocolate to share with everyone while we sat on the patio and caught up. I was carded- totally fair, since this particular bartender had never seen me before- and then... told my license had a weird address, that I couldn't be served, and that I had to leave the premises.  Immediately.  WHAT?!  (For the record, I have an AZ license with an IL address.  I asked the DMV lady if that was okay when I went and got the darn thing, and she assured me it was fine).  The icing on the cake?  The regulars we were going to hang out with didn't even speak up on my behalf!  I walked out of there feeling embarrassed and confused- and ready to point anyone who asks to the Woodshed, a similar bar kitty-corner to Final Round.  (The drinks are even a little cheaper).  What the hell, guys?  I know your regular clientele probably spends more money in a day than me and my boyfriend do in a month at your bar, but we were fairly loyal customers until this happened.  Way to lose business and piss off some locals.
3	This review is for Sunday NFL Breakfast - good food as in the 'all you can eat' breakfast with bacon, eggs, potatoes, and toast. Good bar food. Also good was the French toast - 6 large triangles with good (maple) syrup. Service is SLOW here in the morning though with only one cook. But hey... it's Sunday NFL and the beer is cold and cheap and the wait staff is smiling all morning long while you watch your favorite teams play ball.
5	Went here because it's really close to my apt. Love the food, beer and service. This is my new bar spot!
4	Cool local sports dive bar.  I didn't eat this time, but the food looked really good and I heard the pizza is a must try.   The owner was really cool too.
3	This is a cool spot, and if I could give 3.5 stars I would.  Their pizza is really good, their burger was... meh.  The bartender recommended it so I gave it a shot and was underwhelmed.  I referred to it as "burger jerkey".  The pizza definitely made up for it though.On the flip side the bartender was really nice and they also have Golden Tee, so bonus points for that.
3	For a bar, this place is okay.  Gosh I haven't been here for a couple decades.  Seriously. I was lured in by the check in offer and the opportunity to try something different in the area.So I dragged my son here for a late lunch.  A couple Margs for me, soda for him, and we split sliders, a dozen wings, and some loaded skins.  Pretty good stuff ftmp.  My first Marg was better than the second but the appetizers were alright.Checking my bill I did have a question about one item that pertained to my $2.00 check in offer.  Seems I got charged a buck more = 1 Margarita Well Call.  I was like really?!Sigh.Some days I just get to the point it just doesn't matter.
5	Cozy, simple and friendly. I'm from Philadelphia and I honestly felt like I was back in the northeast in some old alley bar. Great service too and they were busy. Nice specials and cheap prices. People order pitchers and just drink out of the pitchers which is funny but cool.
5	I've been coming here for 8 years and it's my home away from home! They have the best wings and bartenders!
