4	Great food, even better service! One of my pet peeves getting old fries with my food, they dropped fries fresh just for my order.  Also I dropped my drink and spilled it all over, the kid smiled and said "no problems, that's what a mop is for." I was happly surprised with their great attitudes.
4	Disclaimer - I do not go to Arby's on my own, my husband loves this place and I will go here on occasion with him. With that being said though, I did end up signing up for their email alerts because I figured if my husband was going to eat here so often it would be good to get some deals on the food. They do send out some pretty decent coupons every once and awhile. PLUS - they sent me a FREE milkshake coupon for my birthday. I decided we had to go a few days ago so I could redeem my coupon.First off this location is in the ghetto on Boulder Highway. Luckily, the restaurant itself is actually quite clean and well kept. The lobbies in Arby's tend to look a little more "swank" (HA HA) than most other fast food establishments. They have mood lighting and cooshy benches to sit on while you dine. Second - We went and their shake machine was out of business. *womp womp womp*. The entire reason I came was busted, but of course, my husband still wanted a sandwich. We ordered one and a side of Mozzarella Sticks. I know it's just fried cheese and how bad is fried cheese for you? "Really bad Ashley" says my inner organic-food-voice. BUT I don't care. I love fried cheese dipped in marinara sauce! Plus the manager here was very nice and offered us two free drinks since I couldn't use my coupon and she was willing to write on my coupon so I could use it at a later date. However, my coupon was not on the verge of expiring so I just said I would come back later.
3	Typical Arbys....not dirty which is a plus on this side of town....try new Hawaiian buns better than the original goes good with the roast beef
5	The actual location isn't in the best part of town but I've been to Arby's all over the country and this one is easily the best. Everything is prepared fresh, so it tastes perfect every time. The staff is also very friendly!
