3	The idea and theme of The Barbers Inn is spot on.  A manly barbershop where you can watch football and be a guy.  They do have a pool table and alcohol is available to members.  I didn't get to see the table, but I definitely heard the familiar sounds of a billiards' break.  As soon as I walked in, I was pretty much immediately greeted.  I'm pretty sure that this place is pretty new, for it didn't seem like it had that worn in feeling quite yet (in doing a little research, it seems that it's been open since around 2008).  As for the haircut itself, it seemed like their specialty is the classic shave, though I don't know if they offer a straight razor.  If they do, I'm glad that she didn't because I'm not sure I trust her like that. No offense to her, it just didn't seem like she was quite seasoned yet.The haircut wasn't bad, but I'm sure some 18 year old at best cuts could do an equal hack job for half the price.  I'm pretty easy going about life in general and maybe it's my own fault for not being more specific about my expectations.  I usually go to a place and just tell the lady (I've never let a man cut my hair, strange, I know) to do whatever she thinks will look good as long as it's shorter than it is at that moment.  I mean, it's pretty standard that the only difference in a men's cut is the length.  Thus, I always ask for no clippers because I don't like it being real short.  I had Anita, an alternative styled chick who was friendly, but seemed a little shy and a bit eccentric.  She didn't do a horrible job, but I have noticed that she could use a little more practice with scissors.  She may be excellent with the clippers, but I just don't go for the shave job if I'm paying.  The cut is a bit uneven for I had went in with a pretty even head, just shaggy as all hell.  It seems as though she thinned one side more than the other.  When I got home, I did a few minor alterations for I had found some patches where it was clear that section was just too much longer than the other.  I'm uncertain if I'll return here.  I'm thinking I'd like to go back because the idea is right up my alley and next time I'll be a bit more demanding.  I hate going to corporate chains, especially for any type of service (in this case, grooming).  Thus, the concept of trying to make it a men's salon is pretty unique to Pittsburgh and definitely appealing to me.  I'm also on the fence as to whether or not the cut was worth $23 plus tip (I don't think I'm cheap, but my $5 is pretty standard for me).  After moving here from Chicago, I was on a search for 2 months trying to find a place to get a haircut that wasn't a chain or a place you could get a bikini wax after your cut.
5	Eric is the best barber I have found on the East Coast. He is knowledgable and focused and even impressed my partner with the job he did on my beard. If you want a great haircut see Eric at the Barber's Inn.
5	Felt the need to sign up & show some love to this place. Got a great looking cut from Kevin S. that was well worth the price plus tip. Simple friendly laid back atmosphere that guys appreciate. Must visit for any young man who wants to look good in Pittsburgh. Very nice people who take pride in their work. Grade: A+
2	May 2014 Review: After an expensive meh-cut from Kevin (too long in the back & sides, too short on top) which required me to fix my hair at home, I've decided to find another place to get my head cut. Very disappointed, #WontGetFooledAgain. Adios muchachos!!!
