5	We had just moved to Edinburgh from San Francisco and were wandering around our new neighborhood, finding the shops. My wife noticed a place called "Mediteraneo". A little hummus and dolmas for lunch, perhaps? We stepped inside and were a little surprised to be handed a menu of Polish dishes. Had we stepped through the wrong door?"Oh no," explained the waiter, "It's just that we're now a Polish restaurant. We close tonight and will re-open in a couple weeks under a new name." He actually said the name, though at the time I couldn't pronounce it. "Should we leave?" I asked my wife. Neither of us was particularly thinking of Polish food, but the waiter was very nice, so we decided to try it out.That turned out to be a terrific decision. The staff on Pani Solinska are friendly and the food terrific. We each had soup and sandwich that day, but have since been back for heavenly bigos (a hunter's stew), pierogies to die for, a splendid pork shank and delicious borscht. Dorothy, who owns the restaurant (and who is now her own head chef), makes visitors feel at home. There are also a wide range of vodkas, Polish beers and Polish juices, all worth a try. On occasion, they do pierogies stuffed with haggis, a fusion dish not to be missed!Two caveats: this is not, generally speaking, a place I would take a vegetarian. It also best suits cold weather -- but then we get plenty of that in Scotland, so nae bother!
2	I am a curious one when it comes to food, I like to try new things and sample cuisines from exotic places, so after hearing numerous good reports about Pani Solinska, I thought I should check it out for myself. Whilst Poland might not be the most far flung of destinations, I can safely say I had never come across Poilsh food until I crossed Pani's threshold so I maintain that it is exotic. Unfortunately my experience will not have me rushing out to sample Polish sausage or Bigos again. The sausage looked like those nasty smoked ones that you can get in every Scottish chippy, but on the inside it was grey and fatty - I am generally the sort of girl who clears her plate, needless to say I didn't finish that particular meal. The Bigos, a typical Polish stew, didn't fare much better; it had clearly been microwaved and the meat was a bit dry and shrivelled because of this. On the plus side I discovered Tymbark, a popular Polish fruit juice, but this is not enough to make me want to return.
4	The great thing about Polish food is that it takes a little bit of inspiration from all of its neighbouring countries. They adapt and embrace different cultures alot better than we do.I've been heading to a little polish supermarket in Glasgow for about 2 years now. And while using the ingredients in my own cooking, it still just tastes a little bland. I decided to let the pro's handle it.Service and hospitality can't be beat here, the waiter stayed and had a chat with us asking about our day. Not essential but he gets brownie points for effort. The food came out in less than 10 minutes after ordering, confirming that the recession has hit Superman bad and he's cooking in here on the weekends.The food was lovely, my sausage had a flavor that is so incredibly hard to describe. Like good German meat with a hint of eastern flavors.
