5	OK, this place is not for your average pet owner...The prices here are higher than PetSmart or other kennels, but the accomodation and service are exceptional:  1)  Even the base rooms are quite large.  My 80lb Labrador had a 5x12 room with his own TV, persian rug, and doggy bed.  There is even a Presidental Suite that is bigger and more luxorious than a lot of studio apartments.  2)  The animals are only locked up at night... all day they get to run around in one of two large areas inside and play with the other dogs.  They also have a grassy area indoors to allow the dogs to do their duty.  :)3)  The staff is very friendly and loves animals.  My dog lost about 7 lbs during a 2-week stay here due to all of the running around with the other dogs... they actually called me told me he looked skinny asking if they could up the amount of food he was getting.4)  Location is very convienant to the airport--easy to drop off and pick up.5)  Everything is indoors, so there is no need to worry about your dog running off while being walked on the leash.  Also, during the summer months, it is comforting to know that my dog is not outside dying in the heat.They also offer Doggy Day Care which has proven useful a few times.
2	Pics on website can be misleading. We have a special needs dog and we though this would be the "very best" we could offer him while we visited Las Vegas.(very expensive = very nice line of thought)  We got him an executive suite, a private room so he wouldn't be hassled by other dogs. We picked him up after two days, his blanket and toys were covered in urine and they missed a day of meds. I was informed pets will pee on their stuff when upset. Did it ever dawn on them to clean it up or maybe take him out for "potty breaks". Very disappointing. This place is best for active dogs who are very social and used to laying in thier own waste, I would not advise to friends or family. As for the " no cage" claim the only differance is a fancy gate in place of chain link.
4	I've read both ends of the reviews on this boarding facility and I have to err on the side of positive rather than negative.I dropped off my jack russell terrier there for one night and have no complaints.  They are more pricey than I would like to see, but the facility (in a large business park warehouse) was large and was comparable to Pet Smart's hotel.  You make up the price difference when you consider that the dogs are constantly socializing and playing with each other for most of the day.  You don't have to pay extra for the socialization and it gets your dog out of its pen.For my small dog, I did have a small pen, which had its own cot.  There are tvs scattered around showing dog related cartoons and programming.  There are small, medium, and large sized play areas, depending on your size dog.  You can see some of the areas from the front desk at check in.  Both at check in and at check out, I did see an "accident" or two on the floor in the play area, but given the amount of dogs that were running around, I'd say that's probably only natural.The staff members were very friendly, and I will book space there again next time I'm in town.  Is it a perfect location?  No, but I have yet to find one that is.  It's getting there, however, and I would have no problem endorsing it.
4	I've checked out a few boarding places for my dogs and this place is still the best I've come across. It's about as luxurious and upscale as a dog hotel can get. When you first walk in you'll see an inviting and comfortable lobby decorated with a large throw rug, ornate furniture, and paintings of dogs and cats hanging on the walls. Behind the counter is a large window that looks out into the play area. You'll also notice a lot of TVs around the play area that are showing dog movies and cartoons.PROS:- 3 large indoor play areas for small, medium, and large sized dogs- an indoor grassy area (that's changed daily, I believe) where dogs can pee and poo- private 'suites' available for overnight stays- friendly and competent staff that genuinely seems to love dogs- feeding times are based on a dog's normal eating time- since everything's indoors you don't have to worry about dogs getting overheated during the summerCONS:- It's the most expensive boarding facility I've used. Sometimes I spend more boarding my dogs than I do for my own vacation.My dalmatian isn't always the friendliest dog, but she still loves coming here and socializes with the other dogs. Both of my dogs get plenty of exercise and are always exhausted from running around all day. They're located in an industrial park just east of the airport. They used to have another location that was easier for me to get to on Rainbow and Sahara, but that location closed down about a year ago.
4	Besides the friendly front desk staff, things I love about this place:*Separate areas for small/medium/large dogs. My tiny cavalier loves playing with her yorkie friends without fear of getting run over!*Staff is around at night*Staff has been open to working with our dog's "shyness" and using the same discipline we use at home*convenient to the airport! Perfect for picking up/dropping off for boarding*LONG hours. 7 AM - 7 PM 7 days a week. If your flight gets in at 5 PM on Sunday, don't worry you can still pick up your baby! So many places are closed Sundays or have limited hours. Cons:*So far just the price. They have allowed us to purchase a package of daycare for $20/day but boarding is still $45/day. Very steep.We've used this place for a month (1 weekend + several days of daycare) and my cavalier just LOVES this place. We pull up and she runs out the car excitedly. She runs into the arms of the desk people and hugs and kisses them as if they treat her better than I do! Overall if you have the cash to spend on your little one, this place is 5 star all the way! So nice to know it's cage-free all day so your little one can play to their hearts content.
5	You guys are the best!!!!  My dogs have always come back smiling!!  They r exhausted but very happy.  I hate leaving my doggies for anytime, but u have all have done such a great job of making them feel well loved!!!  All I can say is TYTY!!!  I have been putting my dogs in very good hands for the last 2 years!!!
4	Great, friendly staff, actual rooms for your pets, not a cage!They have long hours that work great with the different Las Vegas shifts. Open 7 days a week!Yeah, they are a little higher per night than some,(petmart ...etc), but to me, all the extras more than make up that difference!
5	I am so glad I found this place!!! The staff was extremely friendly and sweet, the place was clean and organized and soooo reasonable!!!They were very understanding of the fact that my husband and I are doggie parents, not pet owners. They showed us around and let us take our girls to their room, where we were able to say good bye properly. I called everyday to see how they were doing and they gave me real updates, not generic ones. I also arranged for their groomer to give them a bath before I picked them up and they were perfectly groomed! After spending the whole weekend there, they were happy and relaxed, not anxious at all!!!! Also, when I was checking out, 2 different dogs arrived for day care and they were pulling to go in!!! (that's a great sign!!!)What a relief to have found this place!!! Next time my husband and I go to Vegas, we are driving with our girls and will leave them there again. Thank you America Dog & Cat Hotel!!!!
5	This is the best and only place I would leave my dog. I love that they have special rooms for dogs and cats. They also have 2 different play areas for big and small dogs. They keep the dogs on a very tight schedule and will do whatever you need to take care of your animal ( medications, special food etc.)I left my baby here for a month and called them every day to check on him. They always said he was fine and happy. We love putting our dog in the Presidential suite or one step below if that is already booked.This place is pricey, but animals are like children. I would pay anything to know that my dog was safe. I checked out ALL of the dog hotels in Vegas and I found this one to be the absolute best. It is also right behind the airport, so it is very easy to do a pick up if you are flying.
