3	If you 'n yer partner ever pass along about Wickenburg way, you can rustle up some purdy fair vittles and frozen custard right here.This here Tastee Freeze ain't one of them there Weinershizzle ones neither.  It's got it's own thing a goin' on with pizza which I ain't never tried but I have set down with one of them there cheeseburgers.  I had them folks throw some grilled onions and bacon on that critter too.  It weren't one of them high falutin Fezburgers like them fancy city folk eat off of Central down there in Phoenix but it was purdy tasty.  I reckon out here in dusty ole' Wickenburg it stands just fine on it's own.  Yup.God's honest truth here as well, when I sauntered up out of this waterin' hole a long tall cowpoke tipped his big ole' hat in my direction and offered up a polite "How-do."
5	Pizza review - excellent pie, fast service and good prices! We did take out so thats about all I can say :)
5	Cant go wrong here. They have an awesome selection a food, small arcade for kids, and the best ice cream in town.
4	Living in Wicky for seven years, we've found there aren't many good places to eat out. Tastee Freez in one of the better choices for 'fast food.'  We have become addicted to their cheese burgers & onion rings.  I don't know where they get their hamburger meat or what they season it with but it has an exceptional flavor! Although they are not really that "fast," the food is worth waiting for...
3	I live in Vegas but travel back to Tucson, Arizona often to see friends and family. Wickenburg is the mid-way point for this long drive, and Tastee Freez is a great place to stop for a refreshing drink before getting back on the road. The ice cream is fantastic. I love the chocolate malts and the blended freezes. Only one complaint: The freezes are always put in a small cup, with icecream overflowing from the top. On a hot summer day, you are lucky to make it to your car before it starts to melt and drip all over your hand. Using a larger cup seems like a pretty simple and logical solution. Having the employees wipe the cup would be a nice gesture too, sticky hands suck! You can get other food here as well, things like burgers and pizza. I just go for the desert though, so I can't comment on how anything else is...
4	I had scheduled a lunch meeting with a healthcare provider in Wickenburg, which is way out of the delivery area with the company I usually use for catering.Due to the nature of the business, I always try to order healthier options like salads rather than pizzas. I had called a few different places I had found on Yelp! and they either didn't deliver, didn't speak English or were in a drugged haze and not able to comprehend my request. The last place I tried was Tastee Freez and Sundance Pizza (mostly because of the name to behonest with you). Well this was a big reminder not to judge a book by its cover.The lunch was on a Monday and I had started looking for restaurants on the Friday before. In a panic on Monday morning I had called another restaurant who did deliver but they weren't sure if they had enough time to prepare the order and would have someone call me back. Well it took well over an hour to get a call back but in that time I called Sundance Pizza.The person who took the order was professional, friendly, helped me in placing my order and describing their menu to me. He assured me that they had plenty of time to prepare the meal for 20 and have it delivered on time. I even requested some changes to my order to accomodate a couple of vegans that would be in attendance at lunch.The meal was delivered exactly as promised and everyone loved it! My only complaint is that there is no online menu and they do not have the ability to email or fax a menu to me.
4	Chocolate cherry dipped cone? YES PLEASE! Well worth the trek out to Wickenburg from Surprise to this great little joint which is part of my past. Love Tastee Freez and love their soft serve. Friendly staff, clean restaurant and terrific dipped cones! Woth the drive!
4	I ordered for delivery and it had to of been the quickest delivery I had ever experienced! I had a double bacon cheeseburger, it was certainly not great but I couldn't complain, especially since it was delivered. My friend had 12 buffalo wings and he thought they were good and he's the pickiest eater around. Although he though "the blue cheese could have been better". Don't mind him though. I don't know about there pizza, after having their hamburger I wouldn't recommend it but I honestly can't say. I might add that compared to many of the restaurants around it with the same price range this might be your best bet. Unless you want Mexican, there is some good Mexican around here. Anita Cochina I think it was called.
4	Found it on Yelp as we were going through town. Good prices, good pizza, good ice cream. The "HOT" wings are no joke! I will definitely go for mild next time.Classic Sunday with Butt Nuts is where it's at - inside joke.
1	Horrendous service! Took over 25 minutes to get one shake and one scoop of ice cream!! No "sorry for the wait". Just dirty looks. It took three completely incompetent people to refill the soft serve machine! The bathroom was 'closed' because the floor was flooded. It was nasty! The ice cream and shake we're delicious but they have no control over that because they don't make it! Won't be back!!
4	All I can speak for is the strawberry ice cream, and it was fantastic. The price is right, the scoops are huge, and the taste was great. You can tell it is real ice cream and instead of having to search for a actual strawberry, theirs is filled with them.Good job Tastee Freez!!!
4	How can you resist a nice cold treat on a warm AZ spring afternoon? Well I couldn't and went straight to Tastee Freez and got a frozen Kona Coffee drink. It was awesome and hit the spot. A few friends of mine got other items such as ice cream and soft serve. All looked good. Never tried any of their pizzas though.  Well not much to say here just this is good old fashion ice cream in an old fashion country city. How couldn't it get 4 stars??
5	We stopped for a quick lunch yesterday on the way to Laughlin,we ordered burgers and fries and iced teas-the name says it all TASTY-it really was every single bite-the service was very nice as well.
5	Love this place. They are always good to the kids. They treat you like you belong. Some restaurants don't. There pizza is great. There ice cream as well. Live in Surprise and it is well worth the drive and there prices aren't bad also.
5	We love stopping here on our way through town. Not only do they have amazing food...but the raspberry shake is THE best I've EVER had!!!! (from ANYWHERE). I highly recommend this great restaurant.  You will NOT be disappointed.
5	We have been coming here for the last 12 years or so and have never been disappointed.  Not sure why folks pour into McDonald's when this place is just a few doors down...   Try the Double cheeseburger and shoestring fries that are to die for.  Or the Sundance sub (hot) with  crispy bread and onions, tomatoes, lettuce and meat/cheese.  Also, bonus of a nice Saturday night or Sunday morning drive to wickenburg from the west valley.
