4	This BRU was my go-to store before the one on North 5th opened up.  I still frequent this one pretty often though.  The staff here are very helpful and informative.  Many of them are a wealth of information in regards to the products they carry.  There is one associate at the registry desk that is very informed on breastfeeding and various resources within the valley that you can inquire upon. Although it is an older store, I feel that they keep it pretty clean and well-organized.  They also keep it well-stocked as I can usually find what I'm looking for.
2	I have always loved this store! From the time I was preggo to when my baby girl ( who is now 7!!) grew out of all the cuteness. Now I get to shop for friends and fam! Yayy! Anyways this store has it all from clothes shoes toys bags and everything in between. Although customer service is always a hit or miss. Came in today to buy some clothes for my friends daughter, saw they had super great clearance racks so I shopped away. Found 2 dresses 2 skirts and a shirt which would of totaled about 22 bucks! Steal!! I was so upset to leave empty handed. There was one cashier doing returns and exchanges for a lady who had a whole cart full so I waited and waited and waited seriously like 25 mins go by. I see other employees walking around but none come to open a new line. So I ask if someone will be over soon and was ignored for a second and received a simple shoulder shrug to my answer! How rude and unprofessional! But sadly Ill probably be back since this is the closet to my house and the S.Rainbow location is worse!
4	I loved the store. Its a nice airy store with all the baby needs anyone could want plus some. The registry was relatively easy to access and was greatbecause I had a print out with exactly the mommy to beneeded. The only problem I can see with the store is that because itis so large they could use some signage to help wrangle patients a little better. I felt like I was walking up and down aisles like a lost child. lolAlthough i'm sure this tactic is great for business as i'm sure theyhave some great impulse buys from wandering.
3	Store is clean and bright as hell. But they're slow on restocking items. I went there 3-4 days in a row in the middle of the week because I had the $5 off coupons. So mostly got things for free. There is a lot of items and ok sales in the store. But their clearance items was fantastic and is the highest throughout Vegas.
4	This is the place to get all the baby needs!  It's big, everything is there such as clothes, bathing supplies, eating supplies, toys, etc.  The only thing that I don't like about the place is that they over charge on a lot on their items when you can find it cheaper somewhere else.  They also send you coupons that saves you 20% off on 1 item at a regular price.... the bad thing is, it excludes toys, diapers, foods, and 20 other different categories.
1	Bought a ton of stuff for my grand daughter but the forgot to take of the security tags.... When I noticed I brought my stuff back with receipt and they treated me like a criminal.  I usually get good service but today was bad.  Not everyone steals.
3	Premium prices here! There was an additional 40% off all baby clothing section towards the front of the store, but no Motherhood Maternity section (unlike the other location). We looked here to get some ideas for our nursery room and registry. An ocean-themed bedding set was $159.99. We were going to compare prices on www.Amazon.com. My FIL spotted a Jeep baby stroller that he liked right away, as well as furniture pieces, if the baby was a girl or a boy- we didn't know at this point of our visit. There were a few other customers. The store is very clean and organized well. The aisles are pretty wide (convenient for 2nd or 3rd time parents). The bathrooms were on the left side back of the store (us pregnant women we need to know these things, right?).
1	Every time I go to this particular store (Lake Mead & Rainbow) I get terrible service.  The employees are rude and it takes forever and a day to get checked out.  I give this store zero stars if the program would allow it.
2	VIB, Very Important Baby My brother and his girlfriend recently had their baby shower. They signed up for the baby shower registry and customer service talked them into the VIB card. It was explained that anyone could come in and add money to the VIB card and that they would be able to use it to purchase any item in the store. The liked the idea of only having one (1) gift card that anyone could add money, making it easier when they went shopping.However, when they went in to use the card they were informed that they could only use it for diapers, wipes or formula. This is pretty ridiculous considering the diapers, wipes and formula are much more expensive at Babies R Us and normally they would purchase those things at other places. I'm specifically upset because I put money on the card, specifically so that they could buy a certain item from the store that I knew they wanted. However, now they are forced to use that money towards overpriced diapers or wipes. Any money that is put on a gift card VIB or otherwise should be allowed to spend the same as cash. I feel it's outrageous to force them to purchase certain items. Going forward I will be shopping elsewhere for any and all baby items.I've added an extra star, because after much complaining they decided to move the money over to a regular gift card that they are able to use to purchase any store item.  Much better!!
4	I like this Baby R US . It is the closest to my house. I only have two complaints. First, it is overwhelming trying to do a registry without a little help with the many baby gadgets there are today. I think maybe they are understaffed but I wish someone would be in each department for some explanations.  And then my husband and I were completely caught of guard by an overly friendly couple (who didn't look pregnant at all by the way) who began to pry into our financial situation only to lead us into their sales pitch for some pyramid scheme. They wasted a good amount of our valuable time pretending to be interested in our pregnancy to finally lead to that a get rich quick scheme. We were a little miffed because we were on a short time frame, not to mention at 6 months pregnant I don't want to waste time standing around. We told them we weren't interested they just disappeared from the store. SO please baby r us if you hear some phony amway people in your store ask them to leave.
4	I went to this location to register with my daughter for her upcoming baby shower. The lady at the desk was such a delight. She shared her personal story of the name of her son best friends Baby well had no idea her son passed away which she was a BRAVE sole in telling her story as we were communicating about my grandson to be. The store was wonderfully layed out, very clean and YES they had Everything you can think of. They even had a Maternity section for women, by the exit entry door. WOW I was very happy to see that. Great job. I am a Hooked Grammy of one grandson and one on the way, so guess where I will be for the newborn :) my 1st born is a big little old 5.3/4 years old Jan 2014.
5	This place is heaven for expecting moms, but hell on their wallets! I was just getting ideas during this trip, but could see my bank account dwindling in my future. They have a great selection of everything you could need as an expectant mom. I wasn't aware they when sell maternity clothes too now!
3	Very very nice . Thet set up is nice and everything  is well organized. I just wish they had a little bit better customer service.
2	Horrible customer service make the drive and stick to the rainbow and 215 location. Better customer service, cleaner store and more items.
