5	This is my all time favorite family practice - I have had terrible experiences in other practices, but Sobel Family Medicine will be my last stop. Super friendly staff and excellent PAs. You truly don't need to go anywhere else for your medical care. They are available and accommodating to sick kids (and sick adults!). They have always worked me in for same day appointments. They have two physicians, Dr. Bruce Sobel and Dr. Larry Sobel, two brothers specializing in family practice. They also have an on staff physical therapist, Audrey Sobel. Recently a third brother joined, Dr. Jerry Sobel. He specializes in treatment and rehabilitation of disorders of the muscle, nerves, and joints. He is a board certified Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation doctor. Dr. Jerry Sobel is very caring and direct with his patients, he was very concerned about my long term prognosis and did not just throw pills at me. Basically, the docs here care about the whole health of their patients and recommend all kinds of information on healthy living. It is not a patient mill and I was very happy with the level of care.
5	I have been coming to this practice for years. It is a true family practice, however, they are progressive and they do everything in-house, they have their own x-rays, labs, chiropractor and physical therapy. I have used almost all of their services without any complaints. They are thorough and take the time to discuss all your needs. I personal use Dr. Becky, the PA, but I have also seen Bruce.
1	I was referred to this practice by a colleague of mine. I was very excited to find a "one stop shop" family practice where lab and x-ray's can be done in the office, to avoid the troubles of having to go to a lab and wait for the results, then go back into the office. Dr. Sobel is a very personal man. I have no qualms with him. However, my first visit, Jessica, was quite rude and remained so with every visit.  Although I had a scheduled appointment, I waited in the lobby for about 30 plus mins before being walked back, only to wait another 15-20 mins before Dr. Larry would see me. At first I thought it was just an anomaly. However, it was like that every visit, and the office staff was not forthcoming about running behind schedule, and very unapologetic. Yesterday's experience took me over the edge. My appt was at 3:40p.m., I did not get called back into the office until after 4:45p.m. LITERALLY! I had checked in with "Jessica" a couple of times to inquire as to why it was taking so long, she said my "chart was up there and will be called in order", stating, "this is Dr. Larry".  However, I noted some people were called in earlier than I that came in later. I was finally seated in an exam room and waited until 5:14 p.m. before coming out and asking what the deal was. I asked if Dr. Sobel was being over booked or this is how late he runs all the time. They said, "It's Dr. Sobel". "He spends a lot of time with his patient's". Although that may be a good thing, it should not be at the expense of the next patient.  it is my professional opinion, that if he spends a lot of time with his patient's, then they should schedule accordingly to allow room for that time, instead of making patient's wait an hour and a half to be seen. This kind of management is totally unprofessional and unacceptable. Of note, Dr. Larry Sobel overheard my questioning, and while visiting with another patient, and said..."You can leave if you want". I left and will not be back again.The courtesy from his staff up front should've been, Dr. Larry is running an hour behind...and allow me the option to reschedule.
1	The doctors spend barely any time with you after making you wait forever then rush you out without hearing you out. The staff is incredibly abrasive, and unhelpful.
1	Always a long wait to see the doctor. Today waited an hour and a half with no one updating me with ones going on or an apology. Went to get a refund of my copay and still no apology or even an option of let me see how much longer. Becky may be great but the front staff will keep me from going back. Never happy with the staff every time I've gone and this what the icing on the cake.
1	Unless it's changed, be forewarned, the staff is unfriendly or rude, depending on your ethnicity, and you can wait up to 1 hour and a half before you finally see the doctor. Although Dr. Larry can be insightful, the staff at the front desk and the wait time, in which they are unapologetic for and do not schedule accordingly, are not worth my time. Try Camelback Family Health...
