5	It was everything you said it was going to be.  Great group of people to hang out with.  Next time I'm bringing my dress shoes to get in the real nice night clubs.  Had a blast at Revolutions in the Mirage.
5	It would be a bargain at twice the price.  Celebrity Vegas Tours is one of the best Vegas adventures I've ever had.  How often do you get to hang out with the the stars of reality TV and other media?  Check it out today.
1	Can I give a zero star? Because it was nothing at all like it said it was going to be!  Our party of 25 rode the bus and waited in line from 9:00pm to 1am with nothing to enjoy.  It was nice for the ladies to get into Marquee at The Cosmopolitan, but what fun is that when our men were unable to enter and join the fun?  The ladies were miserable waiting inside Marquee.  We waited around outside in the Vegas SUMMER HEAT for a miracle to happen- it never did! Did I mention we "waited"?  Yeah, we waited for Brandon to figure out why the men were not allowed to enter since the fee included club entrance. As resilient as our group was, we managed to stay in high spirits and  "party" on the bus and make the most of our night.  We headed to LIGHT at the Mandalay to stand in line for about 30mins.  Don't they advertise "no waiting in line"?  By this time it was already 1am! Did I mention we "waited".   Yes, we waited.WASTED TIME, WASTED MONEY!  Misleading ad, ran out of bottled water on the party bus, bus A/C had us sweating and fanning ourselves, and biggest faux pas: Brandon (co-owner) called the event planner for our group "emotional" for being upset at Marquee.  Really Brandon? When services are not rendered as advertised or promised then someone has to be emotional!  Someone has to be upset.  Classless. Tasteless. Embarrassment.They promised shirts for our group- nothing.Nikki (co-owner) was supposed to call the parties who ended up ditching the event to get feedback- nothing.Took our money, didn't deliver, and moved on!For $8 one can ride the public transit all day and tour Vegas with less hassle.  At least the A/C on the bus is much cooler!
