5	Laid back. Completely relaxed. That is how I like to shop. The guy that helped me pick out my glasses was really helpful. Instead of bothering me, he just left the rx glasses case opened and let me try on whichever pair of glasses I wanted to. He then helped me decide which color frames I should get (I asked him for his opinion) and I walked out a happy camper. He also gave great restaurant tips - always ask a local where their favorite hang out is, they usually don't lead you astray. :)
5	The SO and I were in search of some gifts for our 10 year old and discovering the Paul Frank store at the Fashion Mall was the highlight of our day! Our daughter has been on a Paul Frank kick lately. She loves the tees and the different styles of PF. There's a lot of cute things in here and the service was great. However, tourist price tags are on each item. Everything seems to be 30% more than what you would normally pay. But the price didn't matter for the smile that awaits back at home. The Paul Frank Store completed my trip to Vegas!
5	I love this store, granted I love paul frank merch. I went here after getting turned away at beach club across the way (review to be posted later).I didnt know about this store, til a coworker had mentioned it. I wanted his PF Frames. I like the fact that I was greeted right as I walked in.The integrity of the store is showed by the staff. By greeting me, they got my vote and had my business. The staff was friendly and asked if I needed anything to let them know. Cute lil store, I wish it was a lil bit bigger. If I had the pocket change to purchase stuff, i'd go bonkers.
1	I'm a huge Paul Frank fan and PF is pretty hard to get up in Canada. So I was delighted to find a PF store in Vegas. I was going shop that place out. But guess what? They seem to only restock their male sizes once every three months. If you're not a S or M and you're not first in the door after they get a shipment, forget about it. I was ready to drop $100+ but they only had S and M male tees. I was informed they sell out quickly of your popular male sizes and don't really care to re-stock or stock based on actual sales data. It makes little to no sense. If your L and XL sizes are so popular maybe you'd want to adjust your ordering policy. I dunno. Don't waste your time here and let this store make a monkey out of you.Really, really, really disappointed.
4	I love Julius!  On this day, we were fortunate enough to walk in while they were having a little holiday celebration with the guest of honor.... Julius in Santa gear! The staff took a picture of me and my son with Santa Julius and gave us a printout. They also had milk and cookies for us and candy canes! Ahhh... the holidays. The store itself had a bunch of cute things that I've now got my eye on. I am definitely going back for a pair o eyeglass frames that caught my eye.
2	Julius is so cute, I *had* to stop in. (Didya see my avatar? Monkeys of the world unite!) Unfortunately, the adorable Paul Frank merchandise is geared more towards children and hipsters than plus size divas like myself. Visit here to cruise the colorful accessories, chat with the friendly and helpful staff, but don't expect to take home any sweet t's if you're bigger than a Medium.A word to parents -- if you are shopping on a budget, don't tempt your kids with the cartoon awesomeness. Everything here is at SoHo/tourist prices.
1	I love the store and much of its contents. The reason for the 1 star, because I can't NOT give it a star at all, is because of the lack of service. There were 2 cashiers working here when I arrived in the store with two of my other friends. We didn't get greeted at all. We didn't get a good buy when we left. I stood at the register for a while and nobody came to help me. WTH. Even worse, just after we'd walked in, the girls, both of them, went into the back of the store. Why would you do that? Hmm. We looked and browsed some more but NOPE. nothing. The girls didn't come back out. Why would you just got into the stock room like that and leave your customers unattended. Not cool. I was looking for a nice gift for my godson and his mother but I guess I won't be getting it here.
