5	Tykes N Tots is an indoor play area for children aged 6 months to 6 years that opened a few months ago on Fort Apache and Sunset. The facility is fantastic! The owner is a mother of 3 with 2 children who are usually with her there. She is super nice and takes great care of her business.  They are open from 10am-6pm Monday - Saturday and reserve Sundays for private parties. The facility has a jungle gym, ball pit, enclosed trampoline, TV area and a million other toys for the little ones. I have a 1 and 2 year old who love going there and can literally play all day if I'd let them. It is great that the age limit is 6 years old so I can feel comfortable letting my little ones run around without having to compete with 7-12 year olds for the toys. There is a snack area and snacks for sale including a lot of organic options and coffee for the parents. This indoor play place is great because you do not have to become a member to go there. Other places, like Child's Play, force you into a membership however here you have the option to pay as you go or sign up for the membership.The facility is always very clean - there is a lady who constantly walks around and sanitizes and puts things back where they go. She is great with the kids too. If you are looking for somewhere to take your kids when it is too hot to play outside I would really recommend this place!!
5	Love this place to sneak away and get a few minutes to myself. They have a super comfy adult area to kick back and relax while your kids exhaust themselves. Best of all it is super clean (Love the hand sanitizer everywhere), the toys are really well cared for and there is a wide variety for all ages. Another plus, they have snacks readily available so your tyke has fuel to play themselves out. Great spot for kids in Vegas!
5	I agree! I take my daughter at least every Thursday and on my extra days off. To her, this is like her second home. So many toys to play with, ball pits, miniature trampolines, cars all over! Your child will definitely wear her/himself out within 2-3 hours. And yes, the owners and workers are wonderful people. Thank you for having Tykes N Tots!
5	Great place for the younger ones. Our son is 21 months and loves TNT!
4	We went to an indoor play area/restaurant in California recently and after I returned from our vacation, I was on the hunt to find something similar. I decided to check out Tykes N Tots because I liked the fact that the age limit is 6 and that the play area isn't intimidating for little toddlers.There's a little area for adults to sit and I saw a mom reading a book nearby so it's definitely a great place (especially when it's hot or cold outside) to relax while your kids have fun in a safe environment. I'm sure I can get some work done too since there's free wi fi. The facility is very clean and there's a nice changing table in the ladies room. Don't get the hot cocoa. It left a really bad aftertaste. I wish they had better snacks. I'm sure I won't be able to find a place in Las Vegas with a restaurant attached but better snacks would be helpful!
5	My 16 month old absolutely loves this place. The facility and toys are always very clean and the staff is friendly. My mommy group comes here all of the time even though some of them live way out in Henderson. I'll definitely be having my daughter's 2nd birthday here.
5	Great place to take the kids indoors. Amazing play area and they are always  adding new toys and fun obstacles. Perfect for kids 1-5 years old. Very open and colorful. Family owned and they do parties too! Options for either monthly membership or drop in rates.
4	If you have young kids, you know what it is like to pick up toys 24/7.  At Tykes N Tots, the kids can play and run around to their hearts content- and you don't have to pick up a thing!I came for a 5 year old's birthday party on a Sunday, the day that they reserve for parties only.  It is for 9 month olds-6 year old.  There are plenty of apparatuses to jump on, jump in, and climb.  A play kitchen, train table, ball pits, trampolines, ride-on toys keep the kids busy for hours.  And the best part is that they exert all of their energy just in time for a nice nap when they get home. There are couches and a TV for parents (although I was running after my 18 month old, and making sure he wasn't bulldozed by the very energetic 5 year old girls). The people that were working were very friendly.  My daughter strained her wrist climbing something or other, and they had disposable ice-packs ready.  Tykes N Tots is a perfect place for a play date. No one is responsible for clean up!
5	We have gone to all the play places in town and this is by far our favorite. The owner(s) are super nice. The place is really comfortable, you feel like you are in your own home (but with larger toys LOL) They have affordable snacks and drinks. My son has a blast here and could stay for hours!
5	Cant wait to come back! The baby loved it here! plenty of toys! Safe play area! Seats for the parents who dont turn kid and play along, i think it even has wifi. One the coolest baby sleepers Ive ever seeeen! like something from Portal. Go and you'll see it!
5	So though I have reviewed this awesome establishment in the past, I have recently had the pleasure of using Tykes and Tots  for a private birthday party for my 3 year old and found myself pleased to no end yet again. The personal touches and attention to detail was a pleasant surprise. I was so impressed with how they prepared and decorated based on the theme I supplied. The booking process was so easy. I simply stated a date, placed a deposit and they took care of the rest. They supplied all decorations, themed paper products, and absolutely adorable child seating. They thought of everything and took the stress out of birthday party planning. Friends present at the party have already expressed desires to return for their own birthday parties. I also like that no matter how many times I have been, they are always changing the play areas and adding new obstacles to keep the kids interested.They have far exceeded my expectations and I could not be happier. The husband and wife owners are truly a dynamic duo and have accomplished something amazing. Awesome place for the kids and awesome place for birthday parties. Truly a gem in the neighborhood.
4	So first the good:The young lady at the front desk was very nice and she also walked around and picked up after the kids.The place is a decent size and there's enough stuff for the kids to play with for many hours without getting bored.Also, they have free wifi, so that's a huge plus.Now the bad:I took off a star for several reasons. First, I had to use some clorox wipes to clean off the table I sat down at as it was really sticky and dirty. While not too big a deal, one wonders how well the owners wipe down everything else with antibacterial wipes. After all, the problem with indoor play areas is they're not exposed to the sun's sterilizing UV radiation, so they tend to be riddled with germs. Not a big deal, but still a concern.Second, there isn't nearly enough seating for parents. There's a front window area where the owner could add four or five more couches and move the little cafe tables and chairs a couple of feet inward. This might not sound like a big deal, but after sitting at one of the little tables on the hard wood cushionless chairs for two or three hours, you too will be wondering why the owner didn't at least spring for cushioned chairs. Third, the place blasts kid music all day. In my opinion, it's unnecessarily loud. So if you're bringing a book or your kindle to read, bring some headphones or earplugs. They do have a television in the parent waiting area, but you can't hear it and have to read the captions. It would be a nice touch if the owner sprung for some wireless headphones for the television. They're only $70 at Best Buy. Heck, they could even offer parents the option to rent the headphones for $1 per hour to listen to the television and they'd earn their money back in a couple weeks. It would be a nice and thoughtful option. Afterall, it's the little touches that matter at a good business.All in all, my kids had fun. And that was the reason I took them to Tykes-N-Tots. And that's why I gave them four stars. But it would've been a much nicer experience for me if they had turned down the tunes and sprung for a few more couches or at least some cushioned chairs. Parents want to have a nice time too.
5	Excellent!  We're here on vacation and the kids needed to get out.   Perfect for 0-5, lots of toys, clean, safe.   Snacks available for purchase and coffee (Keurig). Remember socks for kids and adults.
5	Tykes N' Tots is a great indoor play place for your kiddos.  I have heard about it for quite sometime from other parents I know and was finally able to make it over there.  My daughter loved it!  I wish I would have gone sooner for her.TNT also has a lot of fun things to do and play with.  They have an enclosed trampoline to jump to your heart's content.  There is a great ball pit.  It is deep, so you can do a big jump in and sink in.  There is a small jumpy house that has a slide attached to it as well.  There are several play houses including a castle, tree house, and play kitchen.  There is also a climbing wall for the more advance climbers to play on. Another great thing that TNT has is a netted climbing place for your little monkey.  It has stairs, tubes, tunnels, and slides for your little climber.  It is set up so crawlers, as well as full on walkers can climb and explore the place.  My daughter, who I swear is part monkey, was all over this place and I could hear her squeals of laughter running around on this thing.  It was a big hit!I am sure I am probably forgetting some of the fun toys as well because there is just so much to do and play with here.  So no matter what your kid is into, they will have something to play with and have so much fun doing so!TNT also has stuff for the adults.  There are a lot of seating areas for parents to sit and relax and still watch the little ones play.  They have free wifi as well for you to goof off online.  A small snack bar with coffee options.  I even noticed a charging station, if your phone needs a quick pick me up.My daughter was so excited to play on all of the new things they have at TNT.  We will definitely be back for more playtime adventures at Tykes N' Tots.
5	Tyke N Tot is amazing. I can easily spend 3 hours there go for lunch and then come back.  I have twin 2 year olds and they love this place.Its clean and comfortable i have no problem sitting on the floor or anywhere. I am active parent so I will clean up if there is a mess or tidy up when most parents dont. The down side has nothing NOTHING to do with the place but more with parents who dont take pride in anything ... who dont parent their kids and who dont feel that they have to do anything but just sit and barely watch their kids.  Other than that the place really rocks.We live 40 min away and we have no problem taking the kids. The owner is super sweet and for the most part ( i spent lots of time there once a week for a few weeks ) the parents who do come were awesome.  Snacks are reasonable.Love it !!!
5	I have 3 daughters 5 and under and we LOVE Tykes N Tots. Its where my kids are always asking to go to. its a clean, and very warm & friendly place.
5	Great spot, tons of games and activities for little one. Wifi, coffee, even phone charging station for the older ones. Love it!
4	My two children love this place mainly because of the ball pit. They really do have a million toys for all of the children to play with so rarely do your kids have to fight with anyone else over a toy. I have a very small bouncy house which is nice. I have to say their snack collection is not the greatest, if they had organic food I would definitely give this place five stars. Why not just one organic option?
4	I thought it was pretty cool for little kids. I wasn't sure what to expect as I had read other reviews about other indoor play areas. I didn't see anyone clean anything once during the 2 hours I was there so hopefully they Clorox wipe everything after everyone leaves? They do provide Clorox wipes for you though, but when there is that many toys it's hard to keep up with wiping everything down especially things like the ball pit. My daughter had a fun time as we had met up one of my friends here. One of the issues that I have is that there were kids that were throwing things and their parents didn't notice or supervise. When a kid is throwing books and trucks into the ball pit when there's other kids in it with no repercussions...that's not cool.  We ended up having a kid follow us around which was ok but he kept interrupting us when we were trying to play. Toy selection is pretty varied. I do like that it does provide toys from when they are babies to an older age. There's free wifi and couches to sit on. I couldn't sit with my 1.5 year old constantly needing supervision but I can see how it can be relaxing for parents with older kids. They sell snacks there too. Make sure you go when they open because even though I went at 4 and they closed at 6 I did have to pay the full $12 dollars which is the cost for one day with in and out privileges. It is definitely worth it if you do it that way. Overall it was a positive experience and I would go back.
4	I took my son here for the first time today. It was big and clean and he loved it.  The one drawback I hate to say was the owners son. He was so mean to other kids. At one point my son went to play in the slide area and owners son grabbed his arm and told him no. That's when I finally told him to please be nice. He told me he owned the place and could do what he wanted. At that point we left. He was mean the whole time we were there. Other kids seemed put off too.  Other than that it was a nice place.
5	Great place for toddlers. My son had tons of fun . It was a bit messy this time but normally it's not like this.  I like the layout because you can sit and watch your kid from pretty much anywhere inside. Great toys and things to keep kids entertained for hours. My son cries every time we leave this place.
5	I have been wanting to take my son here since I was pregnant with him. I've seen it when going to the hospital and doctors office around there. We finally made it there today and I like it a lot. I haven't seen one negative thing there, yet. For $12 with no time limit, my son had a blast. Though I saw on their website about happy hour from 12:00 to 3:00 on certain days for $8. We arrived about 5 till and the girl charged me $12. I didn't mention it because I thought maybe they didn't offer that anymore as I read about the price change policy as well. After a little while I noticed a big ol' sign on the wall about the happy hour price. It's no biggie tho I didn't make a fuss about it. We stayed for an hour and a half. As soon as we got in the car, he knocked out within minutes. Plenty and plenty of toys and slides to play, climb and jump on. The gym area was a good size too. It was a good feeling to know that there aren't bigger kids running your little one over. There were lots of seats all around, however, there wasn't anywhere for my mom and I to sit when we got there because the mom's left their purses/diaper bag/food on the couch/table while they went off to play with the kids. So obviously it seemed liked it was saved. That wasn't a big issue either we were able to crab a seat shortly after and we were also busy playing/keeping an eye on my son.Finally an indoor playground that's tailored to my tot as the ones in my neighborhood seem to be more for big kids. My son and I really enjoyed our first day, so we'll definitely be back! Heck I'm even thinking of getting a punch card or membership. The girl was sweet in the front. She even came out to tidy up a little. I didn't feel weirded out by her at all as if she was hovering over us or staring. She smiled at my son as he cruises by. The facility or reception area was clean and neat. They have two restrooms which is great. I didn't get to check out the snacks that much but I saw a variety for very cheap. Kind of cool how they have the Keurig there for parents (for a charge, I think).Love, love, love this place so far. Now contemplating on having my sons 2nd birthday there. We will see!
5	Me and my son came here today for the very first time, the receptionist/owner was very friendly, nice and knowledgeable. My son absolutely loves the place, it was very clean and wide variety of toys.I will definitely recommend this place to anybody!
5	I've been taking my kids to TnT since they opened.  My son has loved it since his first visit, and is still excited to go there years later.  They have a wide variety of toys and climbing/jumping equipment, and they rotate them out fairly regularly so the kids don't get bored of the same old same old.  My daughter adores it there, too, even if I do spend half of my visits fishing her out of the ball pit.The owners are kind, caring and obviously love kids.  From the big things like rotating through different toys to more subtle things, like having the diaper bag hooks next to the changing tables high enough so that the diaper bag hangs at an easily-reachable height instead of down near your knees.  It's also a great location to have a birthday party. Unlike many of the other indoor play places which host parties, the tables are set up in the same room as the toys, so you can eat and keep an eye on your kiddos as they play.  Every party I've been to there has been great, and I'm completely unsurprised that they're booked up months in advance.We love TnT, and will keep going until my kids age out of the place.
5	This place is the best for babies and kids very friendly people Me and my son had fun!
5	My almost 2 year old is currently jumping around this place. We have been here about an hour and she is having so much fun!!! Wide variety of toys and structures to play on. Staff is very nice and answered all the questions I had for him as well as currently picking things up when needed.So far we are loving this place an awesome fun way to keep our daughter busy :)
3	It's great to have an indoor play place since Vegas is so hot, but there are better ones. There are small toys all over the floor, it's impossible not to step on all of them. It's very crowded and cluttered, I know it gets messy but someone should occasionally pick up some of the toys so that it is possible to at least walk around without injuring yourself. There are a lot of toys and things, which is great, but it may be too much for the space.
5	My 10 month old son really enjoys himself here. We've visited 4 times now and have had a blast every time. Everything feels clean and well maintained. They have a "yucky" basket for anything that ends up in someone's mouth, two bathrooms and plenty of seating (tables and couches). Nobody takes a second look when you get down on all 4's and play just as hard as the kids do. Haha. Or, if you're trying to relax with a cup of coffee and get that last bit of work done before a major deadline... They have outlets and wifi to help you! The owner and everyone who helps out is informative and kind. The first two times we went we didn't know about the happy hour pricing (Monday, Tuesday & Wednesday 12-3pm $8 --normally $12) OR that our son was (infants and pre-walkers) supposed to be free. But we were happy to pay the admission to support a small business. If you forget your socks, they do have some you can purchase for $2. And something awesome about this place that I've notice nowhere else in town offers is... Re-entry is free for the entire day! So if you have to grab lunch, run errands or the little dude just isn't ready for that second nap, you're welcome to come back and play some more! This place gets 5 stars for being a pleasure to visit.
5	We absolutely LOVE this place! Its CLEAN, fun, carpeted (no shoes on the carpet! & bring your socks!) and has wifi & ESPN for the Daddy-o's! We have literally spent 4-5 hours here. They have snacks, water, and juices boxes for sale and the ladies at the counter are always so friendly! I love that it is close to our home so when there are days when it is just WAY too hot to go to the park (there are a lot of those days) then we go here. Can't say enough about this place! :D
5	My go to place for my two daughters. They have toys for all ages, it's clean, friendly staff, and the kids love it.
5	Came here for a play date on a rainy afternoon. Vegas' lack of seasons makes it difficult to take kids to the park or playgrounds to burn off energy and socialize with other kids. My friend and l brought our babies here to play (8 mths and 10 mths) babies who aren't able to walk yet are FREE and they have happy hour prices Mon to Wednesdays 12 to 3. There are plenty of activities to entertain little ones ESPECIALLY toddlers. Slides, ball pit, trampoline and a plethora of riding toys and activities. Venue was clean and organized. Highly recommend this place
4	This is an awesome place for the kids to work out all the energy they can't use at home.
3	Been here for bout an hour and the girl at the front desk has had her back turned the whole time we have been here, my mother has been picking up toys here and there cause things are everywhere!!  I'm disappointed
4	My son always has so much fun at this place. We've tried a few others in the area and we've decided tykes n tots is the best! There's a variety of things to do for infants and toddlers. Place always seems clean and well kept with a friendly staff. It can be a little over whelming when there's too many people because the floor space isn't that big so kids end up running each other over. Other than that this is our go to indoor play place perfect for days when it's too hot to enjoy the outdoors!
5	Best of all is knowing I'm supporting a business with great owners. The fact they reach out to customers and care about our opinions is what keeps my family comming back. This place is perfect for babies and toddlers considering they won't get trampled on. I love that they have hands-on toys instead of only having large equipment. With that being said I understand how people feel it could be too many toys in a small space. I just recently saw the "kid drop off" .. I'm curious how well it works. I would consider dropping my son off once he's 3-4 maybe.
5	I am very sad to see this family owned business close.  11/2014. As a family guide to fun in Vegas and Henderson, VegasFamilyEvents we have herd nothing but rave reviews.  We wish the owners the best in whatever they choose to do next.
