5	Amazing. Pedicures and cute designs.
5	I have just experienced a pedi at the Bling Studio after a friend of mine told me to try it out.  The owner, Debbie, is one of the most knowledgable technician I have come across in my travels.  She knows more about the best products and uses only the best materials.  Besides being creative with her nail designs, she does a heck of a pedi on my dancer feet.  I highly recommend this studio and will make this my new nail salon here in Vegas.
5	I always have the most wonderful and personalized mani/pedi at Bling Studio! I am very particular about grooming services, and I have nothing but rave reviews for Debbie at Bling Studio! She is a superb technician, and her studio is clean and welcoming! Treat yourself today! Come for your nails, enjoy your experience! Don't you deserve some pampering?
5	Been going to Deb for 13 years. She's the best (and funniest) manicurist in town. I love her and wouldn't go anywhere else!! I highly recommend her - and she's great at both blingy nails and the plain nails I usually like.
5	I've been going to Deb for many years, best pedicures and nails in town. Tons of choices, very clean and convenient location. I always look forward to my nail days:)
5	I am very particular, very fussy about my nails and personal appearance, so when I found Debbie in her Bling Studio, I was delighted! Debbie is the best nail tech on the planet, and her Bling Studio is immaculate. Debbie knows her craft, and is always a delight to visit. My nail appointments are fun and, oh, Debbie's pedicures are spectacular! Treat yourself to some Bling with Deb! Go ahead...you know you really want some Bling! My friend told me about Debbie three years ago, and I'm so happy she did! My nails have never looked better!
5	Bling Studio is one of the "Hidden Jewels" in the nail care/nail art world! Debbie is the greatest nail tech, and her studio is spotless! I found Deb when I moved from NYC three years ago. A good friend recommended her, and I've been "Blinging" ever since! Now I recommend Debbie to you! Acrylics, Gels, nail health, and everything you might dream of in custom designs! Deb's the best in the industry, and do treat yourself to her Spa Pedicure!
5	Love the work Debbie does!!! She is amazing! I highly recommend getting your nails done by Bling Studio!!!!
5	Deb is the sweetest girl ever. She has every color you can imagine in gels and is super clean and sanitary! I am a client and now a friend for life with her!
5	I have been coming to Deb for about a year now and I just love her! She is so passionate about what she does. Everything is always absolutely perfectly clean. She  takes the time to do things right. My nails (acrylic w gel polish med. length) never break/lift, and I am pretty hard on them. I especially love that she has so many design options to keep my nails fun! I have found my HG manicurist!
5	Deb is very creative with her designs & gives a fabulous spa pedicure!  I've been to Deb for over 12 years & have never had any infections or water mold----ever. She's very hygienic & cares about being very clean!  I love that because I'm a germ-a-phobe!
