5	This is circus in the 21st Century: an atmospheric visual orgasm with a distinctively surreal french feel.  Its really spectacular.
5	Wow. It really was worth all the hassle that goes along with getting cirque de soleil tickets.
3	Some pretty amazing acrobatics and feats of strength, but when it comes down to it, you're paying over $100 to see a glorified circus.
5	My second favorite show in town (second to Ka).  Amazingly talented performers and surprisingly funny.
5	what these fools can do with their bodies makes me feel grossly inadequate in the sack.
5	This is my favorite CDS show. We've seen it like 4 times. Better than O in my opinion which everyone orgasms over (is that why it's called O?? hmmm) Especially love the 2 hunky studs who perform on each other (sorry that sounds dirty...)Just go see it!In response to the person who complained about stiff neck... It truly pays to have connections because some seats are not as good as others. Be nice to concierge people - they can really hook your ass up. Or if you gamble a lot - ask your casino host to get you the good seats.
5	Fabulous.  These are some serious acrobats...with some seriously talented costume designers.  Incredible costumes, special effects, and even some really funny moments.  Very whimsical.  The performers do truly amazing things--I'd swear their muscles have muscles.  I loved every minute of it, and would see it again if possible.For the very shy and/or easily embarrassed: be forewarned that there may be a certain amount of "audience participation."  On the way in, look out for the guy in a tux with the crazy hair.  ;)  If you're REALLY scared of having to ham it up, stay home...but only if you are absolutely terrified, because otherwise, this show is well worth it.I just wish I hadn't had popcorn and a drink during the show, because I was so engrossed in the show that I didn't really want to eat or drink!  At one point, they did something amazing, and I accidentally dropped some popcorn down my cleavage.  Oops.
3	Love this Cirque du Soleil show, one of the first permanent stage productions of Cirque.  I have seen their traveling tours every year in San Jose but  they don't compare to a permanent stage production like Mystere.  $65-90 tix.
5	This was the very first Cirque show I went to, almost 10 years ago and it's still my favorite.   I remember sitting there after it was over feeling like I just saw something enchanting, almost magical.  It was like nothing I had ever seen before.  The blend of acrobatics, theater and music was beautiful, I still listen to the CD and picture the show in my head.  The costumes are fascinating, and it's obvious that a lot of thought went into creating them to compliment whatever the performer needed to do.  It's awesome!
3	Mystere is getting a little long in the teeth.  It is of the original Cirque style in elaborate circus acts.  Don't take me wrong, it is worth it to see, as they again have superb athletes and performers. However, I must warn you, once you see O and/or Ka, you may not like the more routine Mystere. Still a Cirque show though, and should please all.
5	Before Mystere, I was a Cirque virgin.  Damn that was a good fucking show.  I shall remember that night forever, Cirque.  Seriously, though, I've since seen a couple of different Cirque du Soleil shows, but this is a very good "entry level" show for Cirque du Soleil.  If you enjoy it, which I couldn't fathom you wouldn't, then you'll most certainly be open to seeing some of their more daring shows.  If, however, "Mystere" just doesn't do it for you, then don't bother with any of their other shows, cuz you ain't gonna love 'em either.That oversized baby routine had most of the audience laughing on the floor peeing their pants.   We had some guy who'd clearly smoked one too many bowls about five rows behind us... I swear we all thought he was gonna die from laughing so hard.  He went past laughing and just started whimpering.   So we all just started laughing at him too.
4	Taking advantage of their December special for NV residents and adding to my list of Vegas shows, the BF and I went to see Cirque du Soleil's Mystere last Saturday evening.  First and foremost, I love Cirque du Soleil's O and I've seen it twice.  I've seen many of Cirque du Soleil's traveling shows, only to realize you can watch the whole performance on TV too.  Nonetheless, I've heard my share of good and bad things about Mystere and wanted to see it all for myself.  (And how can I ever say no to a date with the BF anyway?)Upon walking into the theatre, it was grand. I was excited.  Our seats were superb, section 203 right smack in the middle, not too close and not too far back.  I couldn't have chosen better seats.  The opening act got me excited, I could only hope for more.  Some of their costumes were spectacular, and they only enhanced each acrobat as well.  I was in awe of their overall image, from all the visual displays from each side of the theatre to what was going on above and below.  The lighting effects were fabulous too!I think the clown acts were a bit overdone and although some were funny, it was okay.  With this being the first permanent Cirque du Soleil show in Vegas, you have to be impressed with the creativity behind the show and the design of the stage.  But after seeing some of other shows in Vegas, it can be disappointing.  Some of the acrobatics and feats of strength are nothing to be wowed by if you have seen others.    The cool thing about Mystere's show is that you feel like you're in a movie theatre with your popcorn and soda.  It gives it a much more casual feel.  But like Lex G. said, I too kept on dropping popcorn down my cleavage and I think the BF was distracted by that during most of the show.I was disappointed in the ending.  I looked over at the BF and asked if it was over.  I didn't experience the visual orgasm like Rick H. talked about, but then again, maybe I've had better orgasms.  I didn't get the snail.  I expected more and felt the last act wasn't strong enough to leave you feeling breathless.  It was a decent show overall.  It will be fabulous if it's your first time ever seeing a show like this, but disappointing if you have experienced the other Cirque du Soleil or Dragone wonders.  My ratings so far on these Vegas shows:1) Cirque du Soleil's O2) Cirque du Soleil's Mystere3) Dragone's Le ReveThe BF said this show was better than Cirque du Soleil's Beatles LOVE show.  Anyhow, I can't wait to add more to my list!Sidenote: It was the first time I ever saw an error occur, well an obvious one at least.  And yep, they retried the trick and got it the second time.
5	Amazing show worth every penny.  Tickets were under $100 4 rows from the stage.  After price shopping for the different Cirque du Soleil shows this was one of the more reasonable ones.  $300 for O at Bellagio is ridiculous.  I can make my own "O" in my bed.  Unlike Laura b., however,  my manatee can definitely contort her fatty rolls around the sack.
4	this is the first cirque i've ever seen, waaay back in the day when it opened.  i was just a kid but i remember not being as impressed as i feel now,  all grown up and watching the other cirque shows. however, points for it being the first cirque.  it was a milestone and its still fun.  i would really recommend it if youve been to the other CDS shows though.
5	HOLY CRAP. OH MY GOD!AMAZING.ARE YOU SERIOUS???WOW.These were some of the most frequent phrases I continuously repeated to myself during this show. There were some parts when I honestly couldn't believe what I was seeing. Was it a dream??? I dunno, but that's what it felt like!What these people can do is absolutely amazing and stupifying. At one point I turned to my fiance, Will, and said, "CYBORGS. These things are CYBORGS."Luckily, we had front row seats, which made the experience even more amazing. People, er, Cyborgs were flying over my head, doing flips on the platform 2 feet from my face. Astonishing! AND out of the 1,000+ or so people in the audience, Will got chosen out of the crowd to be a part of the act. 15 minutes of fame!HIL-AR-I-OUS.
5	Amazing.The performances were stunning.  The staging was impressive.  The music was live and excellent.  I loved that interludes between performances were comedic.This show is slightly less expensive and longer than other Cirques but don't let that mislead you.  It's amazing.A tip: when considering seats the center is better than sides, even if it means sitting a little further back.
5	Seriously, this show was incredible.  Absolutely amazing.  I don't see a lot of live performances, however, every time I do, I wonder why I don't see more.  Mystere has everything:  great music, amazing artists, humor, action and excitement.  I was on the edge of my seat the entire time.  My boyfriend and I kept turning to one another saying, "this is incredible."  Or, "how is that possible?"  or "wow."  We had 4th row seats, which were slightly more expensive than other tickets, however, I think you're as well or better off sitting further back.  At certain points during the show, there is so much going on, it's impossible to take it all in when you're sitting that close.  I would love to see this show again, in fact we talked about seeing it again, but had dinner reservations.  Amazing.  I'd recommend it to anyone.
5	I love this show.  It was the most amazing show I have ever seen.The only slight problem is that now I compare every show I see to this show and always end up thinking 'it wasn't as good as Mystere'.  Like nothing can come close.
3	I don't know what to say about this show except that for $100 bucks a pop, I shouldn't have been made to sit through the side show which accumulated about 20 minutes of showtime, which featured a fat man dressed like a baby, sucking on a grotesquely large baby bottle and wearing nothing but a flimsy cloth diaper. It just wasn't funny. In fact, it was so ridiculous I was squirming in my seat wishing I could disappear like all the acrobats did over and over again.If they could come up with a better idea to break up the show than by relying on the age-old standby "let's put a fat man in a baby suit", I might be able to give this one more star for all it's good things like set design, music, pure impossible acrobatics, etc. But, as it was I just didn't have that great of a time.
4	I tried to get on stage so I could get the two beautiful acrobat guys who stand on each others heads to sign a contract that they would perform at my 30th birthday party, but I ended up getting a bucket of popcorn dumped on my head...All jokes aside, the show was awesome, and it had better been for $100 a pop.  I liked the salamander guys who kept going up and down the poles as well as the trampoline guys.  The guy with the silver cube was a fav, but the two guys just left me breathless.  All I could think was damn, that's hot and be completely envious of whoever they sleep with.  The music was great, but the only reason I take one star off is that I wish it had a little bit more of a plot .  Otherwise - abso-feckin-lutely amazing.
5	Music, performance, clowns, audience interactions.  Even though this is an older show with traditional staging and all, Mystere did not lose its charm.  One of my favorites after watching Alegria, Corteo, O and Ka.  The brothers were incredible, and the bungee swings looked like sooo much fun!Er... the snail confused me a bit though.  Why O Why?
5	I thought Mystere was as good a show as O, better than La Reve.  The feats were amazing (including the strong men!)  It practically doesn't seem real, and the night flew by.  Felt like a kid at the circus for the first time:  pretty much on the edge of my seat.
5	I went to this show last Wens night and I loved it I came straight off of my flight where my friend picked me up and we headed for the  Treasure Island..  On my flight I had 3 cocktails and another before  going to the show which made it even better I have one wordMesmerising the things these people can do with there bodies WOW...WOW.....
3	If this is your first Cirque Du Soleil show you'll probably enjoy it, it's a nice mix of their previous shows. But if you've been to previous shows like I have since Nouvelle Experience, you won't be as impressed. Their soundtrack is just ok.  Prefer others. But I do think it's better than Dralion, which I felt was an overpriced for a Chinese acrobats show. Usually pretty easy to get tickets.
5	I saw Mystere summer of 2005, so I apologize for my review being so late, but I doubt the show has changed much since then.  Regardless if you pay $80-200 a ticket. Mystere is definitely a show worth every single penny.    Mystere's stage/theater is not as amazing as O, and the story for Mystere is definitely not up there with Ka.  However, what Mystere lacks in those areas it makes up with amazing acrobatics and gymnastics that Ka and O can't compete with.  Mystere's story (if there is one) is definitely more on the fun, circus-like kooky side of things. But it's  great time.  Mystere was my first ever Cirque show in Vegas, but it easily had me hooked.  I highly recommend Mystere for anyone regardless if you've seen another Cirque show or not.~G
5	I love this show! From the amazing acrobatics to the Taiko drummers hanging off of the ceiling this show was amazing. I loved the drum set and was so sad it wasn't on the cd I had to get the "live" cd for it.I don't know if he's still there anymore, but I absolutely hated the clown running around pre-show stealing popcorn and emptying it onto random people. He even stole a hand full of mine. Lucky he didn't eat it all or I would have beaten him to a pulp. Nothing stands between me and my popcorn! My program even had a strangely amusing disclaimer for him as being allowed to carry on his crass antics because he had "gotten a hold of certain secret Cirque du Soleil documents". Yeah... Not so amusing if he puts popcorn grease stains on your $500 dress.Still, I don't let the stupid clown bring the show's rating below 5 stars. Great Show!
4	The only Cirque du Soleil show I've seen.  Very good acrobatics, costumes, and music with a european flavor.  I sat in the second tier which gave me a good perspective on the aerial acrobatics and drummers that are suspended right over the audience.  My friends sat in the first tier and they missed some of the aerial acts but where more immersed in stage action.  An awesome display of strength and agility - those 72 performers get my respect.  I was never into spending the money on watching a Cirque show, but now I recommend Mystere since it has really sparked my interest into seeing all the others - Ka, Zumanity, O, Love, etc.
4	This was the first Cirque de Soleil show in Vegas.  It's basically a circus, with lots of acrobatics and humor.  I'm not sure how to describe it, but it's fun.  Of all the Cirque shows, it's the safest bet.  You may not like it the most of all shows, but you'll probably enjoy it.
5	First time going to Cirque du Soleil and I loved it!  Incredible show!!!  Not much else to compare it to, but I heard this was a great show to start with and that proved to be true.  Sit in the 2nd level you can see then entire stage!
5	This was my first Cirque du Soleil show I had ever seen. I didn't know what to think excpet that it better not be like a Broadway musical, which I just completely detest!My brother, who lives, in Vegas wanted to take me here as something to do. I have to say I left, after the show was over, amazed. I have never seen anything like that in my life. The mechanical stage is pretty cool.I have never liked circus' with animals and now I have found a modern interpretation of a circus without animals.This show is a true art form with the performers, music/ live singers, ambiance, etc. This is my favorite of all of the Cirque shows so far.
5	So many people I know cite this Cirque as their favorite. I would say that this is my favorite Cirque-y one if that makes sense. All the things you see on TV are done in this show. It is really amazing. These shows are expensive for a reason, they are amazing. The theatre is older than Ka or Zumanity , so there are some seats in the house that are not as good. I reccomend for this show getting some decent seats. Go see Mystere, it has been showing five days a week for ten years for a reason! Sometimes in slower times of the year they have the locals discount, I would call the box office and just ask for it at least, no harm in that!
5	We went into Mystere apprehensive.  How can a "circus" show be worth an $80 ticket?  We walked out awestruck.  Amazing show.  We saw "O" about a year later and it was great, but Mystere has my heart.  If in Vegas, SEE this show.
5	I've seen all the Vegas Cirque du Soleil shows as well as the shows traveling to the San Francisco for the past 5 years.   Mystere is still by far the best of these productions.  The music is huanting, the costuming intriquing, the set elaborate, the characters captivating and of course the acrobatics incredibly amazing, more "cirque du Soleil" than the rest.  I've seen it 3 times and will see it again when I'm back in Vegas.
4	We watched this show many years ago.  Perhaps we were too close to the stage (first row), we didn't enjoy it as much as we should have.The performers were in colorful and weird costumes.  The acrobatic acts were gracefully done.  It was circus acts done in a more entertaining way.We also watched KA last week and we think KA is a better show.  I have not watched O yet, so I cannot comment.
5	Everyone is raving about Mystere, but I'd say it was the 2nd greatest show I saw while in Vegas.  The top billing goes to my drunk-ass, baby-huey friend, who was bumpin uglies with a new acquaintance, somewhere in the parking garage.  I'm pretty sure I saw a 'diamond plate' imprint on her booty cheeks.Now to be fair, Mystere was the only show that I could actually let my 11 year old daughter watch.~Swoop
3	Mystere was a pretty good show, but I wasn't in awe or anything. Sure they did some crazy stunts, but it was a little boring at times. I wouldn't see this show again, but it was pretty entertaining.
4	My husband and I got last-minute half-price tickets to a matine of this show on a Sunday.  We got seats right in front of a five year old.  Now, while this may have annoyed some people, we really got a kick out of seeing what this kid thought of all the spectacular stunts the show contains.Acrobats wear masks on the back of their heads, then crawl down a ladder head-first, making themselves look like lizards.  The kid freaked.  A woman with a feather tail leapt up to be on the top of a four man tower- the kid yelled with glee.  It was sweet to see the show through his eyes as well as through mine.  The stage when you walk in could use some work.  It reminded me of kind of 80s puff paint, which detracted from the coolness of the red sparkly baby carriages.  Also, the music was a little too New-Agey for me.  But the performers were spot-on, funny, well-rounded and a pleasure to see.
5	I loved this one!  The tricks they did were phenomenol, it seriously blew my mind.  This was the first Cirque Du Soleil show I ever saw and it's still my favorite to date.  The order goes like this: Mystere, Ka, then Zumanity.The production and everything was just stunning!  I really want to see O because I heard it's the best one.
4	My personal favorite is still "O" and followed by Zumanity that deserved 5 stars. Mystere wasn't bad and I'm glad I picked this over Ka since Ka did not have very good reviews or it being mediocre. Mystere was very engaging but certain acts seemed to have been done at other shows. However, the costumes were colorful and definitely fabulous but they did put in a lot of fillers (adult baby and this clown-like character) a few times throughout the show, I guess to fill in the slot while the other characters change into something else or when the production crew prepares the stage. Overall, a good time, cheaper tickets compared to Ka and suitable for children as well.
3	What can I say about Mystere?  A week later I still find myself perplexed.  We had never been to a Cirque show before and didn't know which to see in Vegas, and we were told this one was the most traditional of them all (plus, it was the least expensive).  3.5 stars.  Probably.We were a bit frightened though -- the preview and pictures looked pretty f-ed up.  And they were right.  This is the stuff nightmares are made of.But it was cool.  I really liked the theater ... pretty much good seats anywhere, with some exceptions of audience interaction parts when the people's backs might be to you.  We're glad we saw it, but still can't quite figure out how to describe it.  The acrobatics/stunts are good, but I personally feel they're overshadowed by the freakiness of the characters in the show.  Clearly who ever wrote this was doing a LOT of acid at the time.  Like, a lot of acid.I would see a Cirque show again, and I would probably even recommend Mystere.  But once is enough for me.
4	First Cirque du Soleil show I ever saw is still the best.
4	I have to give it a 4 just for the sheer impressiveness of what these people can do.  The way they contort their bodies and the amount of strength they possess in order to do what they do is mind boggling.  However, I was pissed that we bought the most expensive tickets and the ticket person failed to mention that we would be sitting in folding chairs in front of a railing.  That is ridiculous in my book.  Plus I thought the show was good but it didn't hold my attention the entire time in order to warrant 5 stars.
4	Almost 5 stars here:  Cirque can sometimes be like cheesecake...After awhile, it can be overload.What I liked:  The 2 muscular guys(plutonically), although they did remind me of Ace and Gary from Saturday Night Live.  What they can do is truly unbelievableThe Chinese women:  Like the above, but with flexibility.  I am happy when I can touch my toesThe Baby:  Fantastic...a 250 pound baby?...Inspiring then again some 250 pounders do act as childrenThe Theater:  Great seats aboundNow ask me what it was about...I really don't knowThen again, Cirque is not about reality...
4	wow!  i think this was the 10th cirque i ever saw.  ...and, i can't believe how old this cirque, yet it is still so modern.  i mean, compare it to the  quidam, which is almost the same age and pales into comparison.without a doubt, mystere is within my top three favorite. it's amusing, entertaining, and aerially moving.check out the rest of my cirque list at: check out my list to see how each stacks up: http://www.yelp.com/list_details?list_id=yQFdq5_1fvcdwo17p08c_w
5	I have seen all the Cirque du Soleil shows in Vegas, some multiple times, and most all of their road shows.  This is the original/first Vegas show for Cirque and it has it's home at Treasure Island. I think I've seen it 4 or 5 times. As with all their shows the music, sets, costumes, performers are outstanding and meld together a magical theme. If you have never seen a Cirque du Soleil show before I would recommend trying this one out first. It's probably the least expensive and will give you a decent idea of what to expect from their other shows. Many have already written up this show so I'll simply direct you to a good video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FlrsvPb8zF0 of scenes.Go to their web site and make reservations early for the best seats.
4	As always, the performers w/ the Cirque never fail to impress the hell out of me.Loved it.  Not as much as some of the other shows I've seen, but still loved it nonetheless.My only complaint was that I had to sit next to some dude who kept saying "ahhhhh" after every sip of his crappy Bud Lite.
4	Only 4+ stars because 5 stars reserved for KA and  O The beginning of the show, the crowd is entertained by a "clown." It is mostly mild and harmless audience abuse, but it ifs fun to watch---especially since it is happening to someone else... for those who haven't seen a Cirque show it combines mechanical magic, live music and spectacular "circus" acts...when in Vegas see a Cirque show...
5	My favorite out of ALLLLL the Cirque shows, well, Cheval was pretty cool, but it was a traveling show.  I have seen Mystere AT LEAST 7 times.  I love the soundtrack.  There always seems to be something new in the show, even though I'm sure there's not.  It's just that there is so much going on, that you can't take it all in.  My friend Mandy works the show, so that's helpful, since it's my favorite, hahaha.  I even got to go backstage and see how everything works.  Thanks Mandy.  ;-)One thing that I did learn recently about the show is that the older clown they have opening the show, you know the one that steals peoples popcorn.  Well, he's been in the circus business for something like 40 years.  I could be wrong about the exact number of years.  All I know is that he must REALLY like being a clown.
5	I really enjoyed this show. I didn't realize it was gonna be funny as well. The only other Cirque show I've seen in Vegas was KA, and I liked that too. However, I don't remember much from that show because we arrived late. Anyhow, Mystere was really cool. Even though we picked the cheapest seats, I think we still got a good deal because we could see everything on the stage from where we were sitting.
5	I've never been to a Cirque show before. I definitely was impressed. I've seen shows with similar apparatus but the choreography was amazing and the live music was fun. We got tickets like an hour before the show and were in the 8th row. Get there early though! I heard they resell your tickets if your late!
5	I held out of the Cirque Hype for a while.  I mean I didn't want it to be another "River Dance".  You remember the "Dance" that swept the country like wild fire!  It wasn't as cool as we all thought, and suddenly who even remembers the "Lord"  right?  Well, still going stong is the Cirque!  So I thought I am going to check it out...!  And on my last trip to Vegas, I finally started with the one that started it all...MYSTERE!  Let me tell you, it's worth all the HYPE!  Yup, I have to admit, I was completely entertained, amazed, laughter, and left in awe, when I walked out!  I couldn't believe what the human body was capable of!  I have to recomend this show!  5 Stars!  See it, and you won't believe it, even after you seen it!!!
3	After having been to several of the newer Cirque du Soleil shows I must say that Mystere was a let down in comparison. The venue was far smaller and the production was not as impressive. However, having said that, if this is your first experience with Cirque du Soleil, then I'd suggest you making it Mystere. For a first timer, Mystere gives you all the wonders of Cirque and introduces you to what it is all about.There were moments where it was seriously slow and I could tell lil guy was bored. We took him to see KA last time and it was very fast paced so he was completely on the edge of his seat the entire time. With Mystere, he was fidgety and I caught him yawning a few times as well. But, there were bits in there which was extremely cute and with audience participation, it kept the slow bits moving along just when you feel like dozing off.A great first time Cirque du Soleil experience, but can't be compared to the extravaganza of the newer productions.
5	Show: A great show! Very entertaining and funny.  My favorite part of the show was the balancing act...amazing!!!!!! (also the guys had unbelievably rock solid bodies!) Also for those of you sitting in the front rows, be prepared to be selected randomly to participate in the show!Theater: Located right in Treasure Island. The theater was great. It wasn't super big and considering the cheap price I paid for our seats, we had a great view.Price: Not bad at all. I guess this is the oldest Cirque show in Vegas so the cheapest ticket price was around $67 or so. Definitely well worth the price!
3	It was just good....certainly better than KA.  This show would be fantastic if this was your 1st Cirque show or you saw it 10 years ago.  After watching O, KA and Zumanity, you can kind of see how the creators have built upon the acts in Mystere and improved them.  Fortunately we took advantage of the locals discount to see it.  A lot of locals feel like this show is better than O but I wholeheartedly disagree.
1	I am sorry but this show was just plain BOOORING, the big fat stupid baby is just lame, the host has too much time on the show and its not funny when its desperately trying to be funny. Dont think im not a Cirque fan because I am, I loved KA and Zumanity, but Mystere is just overated, skip it.Very blah.
4	I have seen O and thought that Mystere was more entertaining. Maybe because at O, I sat somewhere in the back of the orchestra section. At Mystere, I was the 3rd row from the front. Ladies, let me tell you, those guys are ripped! When they were doing their acrobatics and feats of strength, you see their well-defined 6 pack and sexy, sculpted backs. Drool.At the end of the show when the performers take their bows, they also take off their masks/head coverings. Not only do they have the body, they also have the face!You definitely have a nice view sitting in the front!
2	Mystere is like a unedited acid trip.  In between pockets of trippy acrobatics are stretches of absurdist boring shit that would qualify as exposition or narrative if it made any sense.Look Cirque du Soliel.  Face it, you're acrobatic porn.  Just stick to hard core acrobatics and stop pretending there's a larger theme behind it.4 stars for the acrobatic parts.  1/2 a star for the rest.
4	This is the show that started it all - my love for all things Cirque du Soleil, and my quest to see every show they will ever produce.  Before the company took over almost all entertainment in Las Vegas, there was 'Mystere' at the Treasure Island.  Quite simply, it brought me into its magical world and I've never left it.  The beautiful costumes and make-up, the hypnotic music, and just the sheer talent of the performers.  This isn't the circus of your childhood.  There are no animals.  The clowns don't make balloon dogs.  This is a visionary wonder of grown-up dreams that become reality on stage.  The grand finale with the taiko drums will send chills up your spine as the rumble fills the theater.  I often wish that I could tip a guard to sneak me into the last 5 minutes of the show, just for the drum part.  Over the years, I admit, other Cirque shows have surpassed Mystere, which at times seems simple now, but this show has a special place in my heart as the start of it all for me.
3	I watched Mystere less than a couple of weeks ago, and I found it entertaining. It probably had the most comedic acts than any other Cirque du Soleil show that I've seen, especially with the baby running around doing random stuff, as well as audience participation. Nice acrobatics. My favorite part was with two very, "well-formed" men....there were a couple of people chuckling in the back row from where I sat, but I don't blame them! The two guys were moving together very slowly and closely to areas of "intimacy"! If you feel like watching this show and you're a local, you should take advantage of the "Buy one, get one free" until this Saturday.Here are the prices:ADULT TICKETS @ CHILDREN'S PRICES DEC 1, 2007 - FEB 2, 2008Vegas Locals (proof required) get $95 tickets for $47.50 and $75 for $37.50CALL  866.286.3808 orpurchase @ the Mystere TI or any MGM box officeOur seats weren't too bad. We were somewhere around the upper double letter section, but it provided a view of the whole performance. Watch it if you can get a good deal for this show. After all, you can pay a little bit more to watch a more impressive CDS show like O or Le Reve right, especially if you're vacationing in Vegas?
3	The original Cirque Du Soleil was AWESOME and with every copy it goes down in quality a notch. Ugh. Fun amusing evening, but just...ok. Kinda like the Monte Carlo and Paris on the Strip, the originals are better.
1	This was my first Cirque show, and we went so long ago.  This show traumatized me so much that it took me 6 years before I could watch another (O)!  I hate how other people in the audience pretend to enjoy watching clowns or whatever bouncing on big inflatable balls or understand the "story" line, which I believe is non-existent.  The one star is because it was slightly entertaining due to bottles of wine consumed just prior to the show...
4	Alright, so here's the deal. I'm trying to explain all the stuff I saw on the show. Here's one little gem:"two muscular guys hold each other while performing amazing feats of strength and grace."Kinda sounds like Brokeback Mountain, doesn't it?Here's another:"a trapeze artist dances in the air with a big metal cube thingie"Wow, what imagery!So, sorry, I can't really explain what I saw without going into painful detail. Mystere is basically a collection of circus acts showing some amazing human feats. It's the kind of thing that looks easy because the good ones "make it look easy".  Stringing the show together is an Einstein looking ringmaster who acts as comic relief and woman dressed up as a fat baby who is also comic relief.Go to the website and see some of the images and descriptions. If you've never been to one of these shows before, you'll almost definitely be amazed. The real question is whether it's worth the price of admission. If you think a $75 dollar ticket requires a life changing experience that will make you think "this is proof that there's a God", you'll probably be disappointed. But if you want to see a cool circus act with live music that has a great pace, you'll be satisfied. It's a 90 minute show, but it doesn't feel long. Oh, get there early unless you want to be part of the show...4/5. I wish they had better food. And what's with the big snail thing at the end? And yeah, I wish it went on for another half hour.
5	Hated O, LOVED Mystere.  It's as if since Mystere was the first Cirque show in Vegas, they took all of the acts and decided which ones were the best and put them into Mystere.  The later shows, although bigger, can't compare with Mystere's overall excitement and fun.
2	This is for people who have never seen Cirque du Soleil and are wondering if they will like it.  If you need a plot, dialogue, or anything like that, don't go see Cirque du Soleil.  Yes, it's beautiful and it's cool when they do the acrobatics, but there's not much else to it.  This one in particular, I feel is a bit trippy.  It's actually the one featured in Knocked Up if you've seen that movie.  Anyways, try as hard as I could, I couldn't stay awake and kept dozing off.  I felt really bad because my boyfriend spent a lot on the tickets too.
5	Amazing. Well worth the money. We sat up high and center and could see everything.I couldn't keep my mouth closed and kept hitting my gf going 'did you see that!'It was super weird, and super fun, and very entertaining. I would say it's a little scary to take young kids to though.Go see it!
3	This would be my 3rd Cirque du Soleil show that I've see, others being Ka and Kooza. It's pretty good, but in a sense I kind of expected more. This is a good show for people who are new to the scene. There are some great acts such as the cube and pole acrobatic scenes. What I do love are the moving platforms and crazy backgrounds that are native to Cirque du Soleil.If you are looking for something mindblowing, I would recommend something like O.
5	I absolutely loved this. As other reviewers noted, it's probably because I haven't seen a true Cirque show before. We really wanted to see O but the steep price kept us away. Thanks to our friends' military discount we saw Cirque for the bargain basement price of $33!!The costuming, stage mechanics, make-up and sheer strength and skill illustrated were absolutely awe-inspiring. After the lights came up my friend still had her jaw on the ground. This show does have a story (or so the program told me) but you have no clue watching it. So come for the spectacle, not for the story. But it truly was performance art.
4	Went here on the first night of a week-long sales conference with part of my new extended team.  Someone in the original group couldn't go so they asked me and I jumped at the chance.  I've only seen a handful of shows in Vegas so I was excited to see this one.  It shows at TI (Treasure Island) which gives you a sense of its place in the hierarchy of Cirque shows.  It's better than the traveling Kooza in most ways, but not as good as O.The show is pretty funny.  Yes there are definitely parts where it is breathtaking and spectacular, but what strikes me the most are the funny parts.  It's not even just a 30-second way to transition between scenes.  There are full-on 5-7 minute skits where it's that big baby or the crazy emcee.  Funny yes, but they completely break up the flow of a show without a lot of flow to begin with.  Where Le Reve was simply visually stunning at times, Mystere has some really trippy parts where I just have to sit back and shake my head a few times.  Nothing lewd or incendiary, but it's somewhat surreal to be watching.As for the acts, some where astonishing, but I actually feel like Kooza (even in the smaller stage and area in the AT&T Park parking lot in SF had more astounding physical acts.  We sat slightly off center stage and about 6 rows back, so we had a very good view of the stage and everything around us.  There is more crowd interaction than a lot of shows, particularly Le Reve and Kooza.  They brought at least 2 people on stage and interacted directly with about 8 people in the audience.Very good show.  Unless you're a hardcore O fan, you will definitely enjoy this.
4	Growing up in Las Vegas, Mystere was the first of the Cirque shows to come to the strip... and everyone wanted to go there before Prom or Homecoming... which means I never did... little rebellious person that I was (or was it that tickets just were too expensive... yea, probably the latter). Finally I was able to see this show based on the Norse stories of creation (thanks Chris for clarification on that one) with friends over Christmas (thanks Dad for taking us all out). Amazing, wonderful, and well worth the 10 year wait!
5	I love Cirque du Soleil. Mystere was fantastic show.
4	This was my first Cirque show and we sat in the very back row.  I remember it being pretty cool and worthwhile.
3	After seeing all the other Cirque shows in Vegas first, I was a little let down by Mystere.  Don't get me wrong, it's still a good show.  It just can't compare side by side to "O" or "Ka" with their higher tech stages.  The performers were great but halfway through the show I got tired of seeing the same thing over and over.  See this first...then see the other shows.
4	Outstanding show that is very reminiscent of the Cirque's you can catch on TV/DVD or touring around your town.  It is a little understated vs. Ka, Love, and O, but the performer's are a little more impressive with their acrobatics and it is just a nice tight show.
3	I was a bit disappointed after watching Mystere because I had higher expectations for this show. The acrobatics were cool and all but nothing really blew my mind away. I thought some parts of the show were boring and wasted too much time. There are some other parts where it seemed as if the creator of the show must have been trippin on acid and shrooms to come up with the stuff they have in the show. I got the $99 seat and sat in the middle front which were decent seats. However, I recommend sitting a bit further back so you get a better view of the whole picture.I think maybe the reason I was not so impressed was because I saw the original Cirque du Soleil show as a kid when it first came to vegas at The Mirage. That show was really really good but they don't have it anymore. I still recommend people to watch Mystere as it is a vegas classic.
5	This is my third review of a Cirque show in the past 20 minutes as I'm new to Yelp -- and it's really interesting to read the reviews on each one.A little anecdote: it seems like most of the reviews for each Cirque Vegas show are "It was good, but I liked [a different Cirque show] better".  You then go to that shows page to see that people thought it wasn't as good as the one you were originally looking at!  It definitely comes down to personal taste, and I have to say, I think the Cirque shows are on their own level of greatness and that you should check them all out.That being said, MY favorite is Mystere.  Probably because it was the first Cirque show I was introduced to at a very influential age when I was a kid.  Just utterly amazing.  The acrobatics continue to impress me after lots of other Cirque shows, and the clowns are the most entertaining I've seen.I highly recommend this show for all people of all ages.  If you only plan to see one Cirque show in Vegas this is the one I recommend.  Enjoy!
5	I think with Mystere was impresses me most is how in shape these performers are and their bodies show it.Before Mystere I had only been to see La Nouba in Orlando.
4	I really like this show, though it's a touch creepy.  It's a very trippy show, and the first of it's kind in Las Vegas.  With that, I think other Cirque du Solei shows are better.
5	Great time, great show. This show is more circus acrobats. It's not like a story like the "House of Ka" at MGM. The pre-show was definitely way more entertaining than at the MGM but I'll let you find out for yourself.
4	Much to my disappointment, LOVE doesnt perform on Tuesday nights - which was our first choice for a Cirque show this trip to Vegas(previously seeing KA) however, Mystere looked like a good 2nd choice and we opted to hurry down to catch the show. Now, I liked it a lot but I did not leave feeling like I was see it again - as I did when we saw KA which blew my socks off! I got slightly annoyed at the "big fat middle aged man dressed like a baby and cooing obnoxiously" but overall I did enjoy myself and look forwarding to seeing another Cirque production!!
5	Holy crap. I dont think i have been more entertained in my life. This show was awesome. Definitely worth the price. I dont want to give anything away, but the show is lots of acrobatics, and it kinda has a story. And it was pretty dang funny. Take your kids. Its a good show. Oh and people. its not really stadium seating in here. So save some money and book in the balcony. Trust me.
5	How anyone could give this show less than a 5 is beyond me.  This was one of the best shows I have ever seen in my life!  There is so much talent and so much to look at.  I loved how they incorporated the audience into parts of the show too.  We had fantastic seats that I think helped with the great experience.  I highly recommend this for everyone!!  I want to see them all now!
5	We had a fun night, the show was absolutely amazing and highly entertaining. The acrobatics, stunts or whatever you call them were so precise and mind blowing. I often catch myself with my mouth open. Hubby and I can't wait to see the other Cirque shows.
4	I really loved this Cirque show.  Very impressive, and I felt strangely untalented while watching the amazing feats of bizarre human abilities.  I mean, what does tying a cherry stem into a knot with you tongue have over the stuff that these fools are doing so effortlessly?  Nothing, that's what.I really didn't like going to TI to see this show (too many kids and their stupid parents).  It seems like it belongs in a  better venue.  If they could pick up Social House and the Mystere theater and move them somewhere else, I will give it another star.
4	Very nice theatre... I liked it a lot better than the traveling cirque shows in terms of the seating.  The show was really beautiful but could have used more impressive acrobatics.   we would have watched O instead but rats it wasn't playing the weekend we were there...boo hoo.if you've never seen cirque before you'll love it... if you have seen it before it's nothing above and beyond the other shows like Kooza, Dralion (my favorite so far), and Allegria
5	I really enjoyed this show. A variety of amazing acts & visual stimulation..not to mention kept my 4 yr old interested the entire time! There were a lot of really funny parts to the show & they incorporated the audience on several occasions. Not to mention, a few times, the show took place in & around the audience as well.I wish there was more of a story that was told throughout the performance, but nonetheless I recommend it.
5	This was a good show. Very entertaining.
2	This is my first Cirque show and absolutely DID NOT like it.  I don't want to give anything away but some of the acrobatic stunts I saw reminds me of stunts I see at the Circus.  Nothing too impressive!!!  I found myself struggling to stay awake in parts of the show.  For $100, I expect a lot more!I would rather pay a little bit more to enjoy an exceptional show such as Le Reve across at the Wynn.  Definitely not the best show you can watch in Vegas.  Watch something else!
3	We went to the Tix 4 Tonight booth at the Fashion Show mall to get our discounted tickets to Mystere.  I'm really glad we didn't buy full price tickets, but I am glad that we saw the show.  It wasn't bad... it was just... semi-boring in a lot of places.  Very old school Cirque du Soleil, which I knew going in, but coming right off of seeing KA, it just paled that much more by comparison.  Mystere has some good sections to it, but not enough to hold your attention throughout the entire show.  I can't even count how many people I saw moving about the theater during the show.  The two guys doing their strength acrobatics was impressive, as was the acrobatics up and down the poles by the legion of men in the show, but that was about it.  Smoke and lights and old circus acts fill up the rest of the show....  Still, if you're wanting that kind of a show, go see Mystere.  It's not all bad.
5	Cirque du Soleil's Mystere is an amazing show for all ages.  The performers catered to everyone - young and old.  The fat baby kept everyone laughing while the performers bewildered the audience as to the complexity of their acts.  There is something "Magical" about watching Mystere - maybe in the way everything is choreographed together.
5	I love them all! I hate to bring up what everyone else already has....but c'mon.... it doesn't get much funnier at a Cirque show than the Fat Baby.  Again, the music to this very one, very magical and beautiful.  I've actually sen this one twice.... and would go again.
2	ew.i did not like the grown man dressed up as a fat baby, the giant smiling snail, teletubby-like things, or the 2 faced cone-heads.  i was disturbed and confused for majority of the show.  the colors were beautiful but the acts were very choppy and uninspired. HOWEVER, i must give props to the two men who displayed some Hercules-like strength.  their acts kept me from walking out of the theatre.if you want to see a cirque show, i highly recommend KA or O.
5	The best show I have ever seen in my life.  Better than Ka, a lot better than O.  I won't say anymore because I don't want to build your expectations too high.  It is awesome.
4	Mystere has been playing for some time and anyone can see why once seeing the show.  It's everything you love from a Cirque Du Soleil show; acrobatics, dangerous feats, mind-blowing talent, and audience interaction.  It takes all this talent and delivers it on a plate of humor and color.  The ticket prices are fairly inexpensive, as low as $55 if you buy them on the strip, and there's the Sirens of T.I. just outside the hotel to watch before a show or dinner.  If you don't have the money to see O, definitely try and catch Mystere.  It's one of the shows you can even bring your children to.  It just doesn't have anything on O.
5	This was my first Cirque Du Soleil show and I am definitely a fan! I just got out of the show, went with my friend and her two daughters. The show was fabulous from start to finish. I really enjoyed how they have audience interaction, even though I was praying they didn't pick on our group! Thanks to Yelp chat, I found out that they have tickets for Vegas locals right now for $49. I have been wanting to see this show for a while, and with tickets this low you can bring the entire family. My friends kids loved it, and they are 11 and 7. I am definitely planning on seeing more Cirque shows in the future. Well worth the ticket, even if you don't get the locals price.
5	This is an immensely enjoyable show. Not your usual Big Top circus act. The performance was exciting from beginning to end. I got seats at the left hand side of the stage,next time i'll get the middle row. I had some discomfort in my neck area,since performers are coming in front, on the side and down from the ceiling...Overall i really did enjoy this show.I will see more shows from Cirque de Soleil next trip to Vegas.
5	Ok, so I will be the first to admit that perhaps I am not cerebral enough to grasp the whole concept of Cirque du Soleil's performances. Mystere seemed to be focused on babies and ended with a giant ass snail on stage... yeah... Don't quite know what that was about.This show still gets 5 stars from me though. Whenever I am in a theater and I see acrobatic feats that make my jaw literally drop multiple times in one sitting it's worthy of 5 stars. The music was lively and kept my heart thumping, and dances were graceful and the acrobatics dramatic. Our tickets were in the middle of the theater and I don't think they could have been better personally. We were high enough that we didn't have to crane our necks to see anything, and still close enough that the performers were still very close to us, rather than just specks in the distance. I would go again in a heartbeat, and can't wait to see my next show.
5	I have seen 5 different Cirque shows, a few more than once, and I must say Mystere is my favorite.  Sure it may not compare to the extravagance of, say "O," but if its true awe and intimacy you're after, choose Mystere.  I love how the middle seats in the house where I sat seemed like you're perfectly close enough to see EVERYTHING.  So you can be truly enthralled by the sheer strength, talent, athleticism and beauty of the performers.  My jaw literally dropped several times during the show, and the only other Cirque show that made me do that (well, AS MUCH, since every Cirque show is out of this world) was Varekai.  Maybe because those are the two I've seen with such intimate seating.  Besides the amazement of the performances, you will be laughing at the antics and the audience involvement (be prepared to have popcorn spilled all over you hehe - don't worry, they replace it!)
5	Sit in Cat 2 when you go. It is side seating FYI but there are some benefits. 1) When the acrobatics are in the center, you can lounge back, the seats recline a little bit and see the formation of a star. It's incredible. 2) Easy to get in and out3) There aren't as many seats in this Cat and none of them are bad.Tips:There is a clown who looks like an usher. Looks like a bad englishmen, if you want to walk all over the place and have people laugh at you, talk to him. :)Don't get there too early. Mystere is in the back of T.I where KahunaVille is. It gets uber crowded quick. (I hate lines)For those who drink, go for it. It makes it all so much more magical. :)If you've never seen a Cirque Show, this should be you're first.Also there are many ways to get a discount to this show!
5	Amazing, aerial, homoerotic, muscles, half naked men everywhere, elaborate costumes, funny, amazing feats of strength, acrobatics like you have never seen, surreal, unreal, awesome music, awe, shock and amazement, funny.I could go on and on with more to describe what is the most amazing Cirque show I have ever seen. This is my first Vegas Cirque show and it left me absolutely breathless and wanting more. Cirque du Soleil lives up to its well deserved reputation with this production.There was one act between 2 gymnasts who demonstrated amazing feats of strength with slow, deliberate movements, their bodies intertwined in ways you can't even begin to imagine. These guys had two of the most amazing physiques I have ever seen. Their incredible muscled bodies were strained with every move, and I waited with anticipation to see if they were going to burst through their skin.I lived here for a long time and each time I return I'll be seeing another one. I might even get a chance to see Zumanity before I leave. Awesome.
5	Excellent show! I came in not expecting much since there are so many variations of Cirque Du Soleil and this one has been around way too long, but I was still very impressed.You can also get a great deal for tickets if you are staying at Mirage or Treasure Island. Tickets are buy one get one free if you are a guest.Not going to give away much but just two words, GREAT SHOW!
5	I got a pair of tickets for the bf's Christmas gift. I think I paid too much for them but that's okay. He said he enjoyed it and I sure did too. We got awesome seats!! Make sure to sit in the upper section. You might think that sitting in the lower section is better but there are two reasons why it isn't...1. You WILL get harassed by the actors.2. You don't get to see the whole show. Stunts are way up high too!Keep your eyes peeled because it's way easy to miss something. Everyone says that O is a better show by far but I have to disagree and think that Mystere might be a tad bit better. Mystere was funnier, had more of a story line, and the stunts wowed me more. I will say that O is definitely artsier and has more of an effect on the crowd because everything done is revolved around agua. I keep hearing that if you stay at the MIrage or TI, you get a buy 1 get 1 free deal and if you have an MGM Player's Card, you can also score some sweet deals on tickets. Make sure to do your research before hand because I will the next time I decide to catch a Cirque du Soleil show!
4	This was a beautiful, exciting, wonderful show to watch! It was my first Cirque du Soleil show, and I am glad I chose this one! The stunts are impressive, the actors are beautiful, the sets are astonishing. The boy and I got row AA, section 204, seats 4 and 5 which were the best we could have possibly asked for. they were the first row of the upper seats, and though there were actually 3 seats in our row, the 3rd seat (#6) was slightly separated from us, so it was like we had our own little private area. If you can get those seats I would definitely get them if there are just 2 of you! It was great that we were in the upper section also because we are fairly introverted people, and a LOT of people in the front sections get harassed by the actors. The theatre is small and cozy, so being further back is NOT a disadvantage. I think you can actually see more because there is so much going on up above you! My only disappointment was the part of the show I have heard so much about and was looking forward to was not performed! I have heard there is a scene where two men do all sorts of crazy lifts that require almost inhuman amounts of strength. I bought the programme and even saw pictures of it in there! But alas, the performance didn't happen. The end also seemed a little awkward, very abrupt. We were both surprised when they started bowing and the lights came up. We both thought maybe something happened back stage and they just cut the show off. But then again, maybe we're crazy. Overall, INCREDIBLE. Highly recommended for all ages and interests! The boy is not really into the arts, but enjoyed the show just as much as I did. We're already planning on seeing Ka the next time we're in town!
5	This was the first Cirque du Soleil show I ever saw and I was mesmerized by it.  I saw it back in 2006.  I was able to get discounted tickets for the show with decent seats... we went to this show cause it was the cheapest of Cirque du Soleils at the time.  There was so much going on that I feel that i need to go back and see it again.  While the "Wow" factor was not quite as intense as O (which I just saw) there seemed to be more going on at this show.  Both are worth seeing!
5	No Spoiler Alerts Neccessary-Wow. So many bright lights. So many performers everywhere - front, back and above. I was entertained throughout the whole performance. Even the act with the fat adult baby were hilarious as the other performers got ready for the next act.
5	What is there to do in Las Vegas? Dine like a king, gamble like the rich and famous, and of course, enjoy a show like an overly excited kid. The last two times in Vegas, I watched two shows: Thunder from Down Under and Chippendale. No, it wasn't my choice to watch these shows. Yes, I was there for bacherlorette's parties. I don't think BF would appreciate this type of shows, so we decided to watch something more "traditional".Neither of us have seen a Cirque du Soleil show. It seems to be the obvious choice. But which Cirque du Soleil show to watch? Currently there are 5 shows running in Las Vegas. Mystere at Treasure Island, O at Bellagio, KA at MGM Grand, the Beatles music theme Love at Mirage, and the adult theme Zumanity at New York New York. We immediately decided to watch the oldest (which also translate to the most classic) show, Mystere.Mystere is truly an amazing show. The focus of the show is the origins of life in the universe. A few characters appeared to be pregnant and babies were seen throughout the show to carry the theme. We are not sure if there is a storyline. Maybe there is, but it's too artistic for us to understand.There are many magnificent acrobatic performances. The part that impressed me the most was the "hand in hand". This act is an exhibition of strength and stamina by two men who perform the increasingly difficult balancing act on a rotating dome. I don't think I am able to describe the act in words. But if you've seen the show, you would understand how astonishing the act is.Between acts, a crazy emcee (who looks kinda like Beetlejuice) and a giant baby interacts with the audience. Their parts are hilarious. I would recommend people to get to the show a little early to enjoy the pre-show funny skits.The guy who sat right next to me added some laugh to the show for us. He had two cups of beer during the show (and who knows how much he drank prior to the show) and appeared to be intoxicated. The way he talks made me put him into the "white trash" category. Every sentence that came out of his mouth contains the word "sh*t". "That's some amazing sh*t!" "Good sh*t!" "Crazy sh*t!" "That's ridiculous. Sh*eeeet!" His wife pointed at an act and said "Look". His answer, "I am watching that sh*t." A little girl and her dad got up to use the restroom. They ducked while passing in front of us to avoid blocking our view. The guy said, "You guys don't have to walk like cat burglars and sh*t." The little girl looked scared. I don't exactly know why, but we laughed. What a funny guy, sh*eeeet!What a phenomenal show! We really enjoyed it. My sister saw KA and raved about it. I also heard good reviews about O and Zumanity from friends. We will definitely watch another Cirque du Soleil show next time in Vegas.
4	I really enjoyed this show. Much better than La Reve. This ranks right up there with Kooza. Phenomenal acts of flexibility, strength and just entertaining overall.
4	This show was pretty interesting but I was kinda really drunk while I was watching it.. (damn those fat tuesday drinks)!! But other than that the show was entertaining especially that big baby running around the the man picking on the audience. The show was weird but interesting at the same time.
4	I saw this show last year and loved it. At the time the tickets were half off, Or buy one get one free(They're the same thing). The discount was for locals. They have that for alot of shows, you just gotta ask and see if the specials are going on. The show was amazing. Worth every penny. It is one of the older cirque shows but still worth catching.
5	Excellent and traditional Cirque du Soliel show. Fabulous costumes and even more fabulous performances. If you are deciding on which one to go to, this one sells tickets at a cheaper price and is probably one of the best ones to see! We sat in section FF and the view was remarkable. I didn't really understand why there were babies running around, but it was "mysterious" and cute nonetheless. I loved the guys on stilts that sort of resembles giraffes. Simple but amazing.The performances simply proved to me that the performers were not human. They do some of the craziest stunts! Mystere is definitely a must see.
4	This Cirque du Soleil show definitely has the elements of weird.  For some reason, we really couldn't figure the storyline (if there is any at all.) We didn't get the best seats , but ofcourse it was our fault for being so spontaneous with our trip. Well, Mystere entertained us a lot! The costumes were so colorful and freaky ~ love em!  It seems like you're in a different world when you step in to watch the show.  Kids should watch this show.  They wont be bored or scared.  Overall, it was a fun, comedic, colorful, freaky, mysterious show to watch.
4	This is really only a 3.5 stars but we got tickets at a slight discount. So far my rating on cirque shows go in order, kooza, O , mystere.  We got seats on the second tier and they were great. This theater is perfect for cirque shows because its not too big and higher up from the stage. At 'O' I got hosed watching from the balcony and missing things. At kooza I got a stiff neck looking up all night long from 3rd row. I think the comedy of this show is its strongest point and the music being the weakest. What I don't like about this show is that it doesn't really have a theme or story. Its just a whole bunch of weird costumes. I think anyone on acid should not see this. My favorite act is was the trampoline part. It was a good show but I would probably not see it again.
5	After watching a few cirque shows, my appreciation for Mystere has grown tremendously.  First off, great entertainment value!  I was not bored for a single second (unlike KA where I found myself looking at my watch a couple times to see what time it was).  True, the music/storyline might not be as good but the crazy acrobatics and freaky stuff that they do totally makes up for it.I remember cringing a couple times in my seat and just wondering to myself, "how is it humanly possible to contort your body in such positions?" and that kept me intrigued the entire time.I highly recommend watching MYSTERE if you get a chance - there are a lot of websites out there that offer discounted prices so that is one way to save money while still getting to watch a great show!
2	I know the acrobats are hard. i know the costumes and prosthetics are great. i know the stage lighting is good. I know the engineering staff are great. I know that.But this is Circque du soleil. of course they made a name already, I had great expectations--which makes it hard for me to accept my fate this night.I was literally sleeping at the last 1/4 of the show. Or was i tired? I was disappointed @ the end of the show or was i just mesmerized with Kooza's experience.poor story line, music was not really grandiose and the margins of the concept were so ambiguous. I hope they dont repeat what clicked in other shows next time. I wouldve seen Ka had i known this like this.
4	As a fan of Cirque shows, I was very pleased with Mystere.The fat baby, the homo-erotic balancing act, and those pole-climbers were the show stealers for me.oh, and that guy who was doing the cube twirling (he'd be awesome at a rave! haha!!).What i did NOT like was that pre-show jerk who was throwing pop-corn on people. While the majority of the audience was laughing in hysterics, I thought it was pretty rude and it got old after the first 5 minutes.This is my only complaint about the show. Other than that, I would definitely see it again.  I am always left in wonder and amazement after Cirque du Soliel. And how cute were those teeny-sized dancers? xo-andrea
3	Really random, but pretty good show. Before the show starts, there's a character that goes out in the audience and picks on random people so beware =) I like that you can pretty much sit in any seat and have a good view. Also, don't buy your tickets directly from them. Do some research online and you'll find brokers selling at a good price. I got tickets that were $125 for just $70 for me and my group of like 7 friends. So look around for these deals. I forgot what site I got it from, sorry.Um, if you're open minded and like random stuff, it's pretty cool. Even the guys in our group liked it. But I'm biased because there's no Cirque show better than Ka in my eyes. I think anyone would agree.
5	I saw another cirque show under the gran chapeau (tent) near the stadium (qualcom) years ago and it was incredible.  Took my gf to LV and with purchase of two tix got second night at Treasure Island free. Show's only description is "incredible". My gf was pissed off because they apparently charge for programs...hard to figure out what a program could tell you anyway.  I think all of the shows are similar, and enjoyable.I actually feel like i got my ninety five dollars worth..........
5	This was my first Cirque du Soleil show and I was.... very happy. I was also very happy with my seat because I managed to be in the middle of the last row of the front section, but I'm sure the other seats also had a great view.Oh how I wish I could move like them. They make it look so easy, but.... I know it takes a lot of work.The clown-in-the-suit was amusing before the show (picking on people) and in the moments he popped up during the show. The baby character was pretty weird, but still provided a good number of laughs. I loved how some of the action happened above the audience or in different parts of the walkways. I LOVED the music (and I swear there was a song also used in Phantom of the Opera- at least the movie- in there), the colors, the man with the box, the somewhat (imo) sensual performance by the two male acrobats (doing handstands on each other and such), and the red bird-like creature. I loved the seesaw game, but I wasn't as intrigued by the trampoline.Oh yeah and I was happy to be sipping on my strawberry daiquiri throughout the show, which was kind of nice. The concessions stand at the entrance was the only time I got carded in Vegas. When I saw they sold alcohol (frozen drinks, airplane sized bottles of booze, etc) my first thought was "Way to support our habit!"To sum up: It was a feast for the eyes and ears (and for other senses for those that got picked for things and/or picked on) and I recommend that people (who are interested in art, dance, acrobats, etc) check out at least one of the Cirque du Soleil shows when they're in Vegas (or when they come to your city)!
4	I thought it was exciting and imaginative. Loved the color and flare of the costumes. Reminded me of both the trapeze of a circus and a child's dreamworld. It did drag on a bit, but I can't wait to see "O" at Bellagio.Make sure you bring some one who enjoys the arts, rather than some one who will only suffer through. My BF contends that it was the most expensive nap he's ever taken.
5	i can't decide if i loved it or i hated it. i'm still on the fence. but it is spectacular in scale, and enchanting in a i love clowns but am scared to death of them at the same time sort of way...blah blah blah....did NOT enjoy the clown picking on me in the beginning of the show though...hell no...heh heh.
4	Saw this show on my honeymoon. I had seen a couple Cirque shows before and dragged my new husband along.  After seeing the show my husband is now a huge fan.  We've been to 4 since this one.  He's hooked.
5	This week was my second time watching Mystere.  The first time I watched the show was back in Oct 2007.  My bf and I decided to watch this show again because our reservations for KA was lost.  Mystere was awesome.  My bf enjoyed it very much....the opening act and how the joker guy came out during the show was sooo funny.  This was a very good show for first timers because it just makes them leave wanting to watch more Cirque du Soleil.....(well it made my bf a fan anyways).  As a second timer watching the show....i loved and enjoyed every bit of it again.  We cant wait for our next cirque du soleil!Helpful tip....Make sure the people you sit next to arent very drunk....or you may just get a surprise from them....(a couple rows behind us, a few guys were so drunk they puked all over their row....so nasty)
5	GOOD: The band. Nimble gymnasts who can climb up bamboo sticks with just their arms. Beautiful make-up and costume.BAD: Grown man in a baby costume dodging in and out of the acts.  He's actually very scary.TRIPPY: The show is a sleuth of your dreams and nightmares put to music. Mystere is all about bizarre mysteries of the mind in deep sleep.  Dancers will go soaring thru the stage, reminiscent of counting sheeps jumping over a fence. Monsters arise from the ground and then little vermin like creatures come crawling out.  The visuals are really a treat for your eyes and imagination.
5	This was my first Cirque du Soleil show. Was probably back in 2005 or so when I first watched it. I've seen it twice, and both times it was amazing! The cast of characters and artists were just phenomenal. Just the right amount of humor mixed in with amazing feats that will make you jittery in your seat! The instrumentals and vocals are BRILLIANT. The soundtrack is definitely a must if you enjoy this kind of music!
4	As expected from Cirque, the acrobats were amazing.  I could not get enough of the strength and flexibility and beautiful costumes.  I would have given 5 stars for the incredible performance and wonderful music - but, I just could not get with the basic story line.  I can never follow the Cirque storylines, and know that isn't really the point of the show - but this one had a truly obnoxious gentleman who started out the show by annoying guests and generally being a pain.  I suppose some people find this funny, I was just thinking that if he had come near me, I might have had to punch him.  Then, there is an obese man in the show who plays a creepy baby.  In general, I am not a fan of adults in diapers - and all I could think about was - wow, these Cirque acrobats much train constantly, watch what they eat, and just really be disciplined about their art.  And then, there is this huge fat guy who is part of the cast?  What does he do all day when they're training?  Is it weird for him to be in the same cast as these people?  Anyway, it was all quite distracting and very uncomfortable.  But, I'm sure if I read through all these reviews there would be people who thought this guy was genius, so to each his own.  But, I do recommend the show for the acrobats. And the huge snail, which some people might have also found creepy.  And I definitely recommend getting tickets at the Half-Price Tix box office - not a bad seat in the house and you'll save 20-40% day of.  PAPA!!!!!!!!
5	One of the best shows in Las Vegas! If you have been to Las Vegas and for some bizarre reason you have not seen this show. Please stop messing around and buy a ticket already.
5	Our first Cirque de Soleil show.  It was great.  It's amazing how these people can move.  There were some funny parts to it and the music was great.  I never knew that music can make a show more remarkable.I would suggest asking the box office when the pre-show begins.  There is a character named Brian Le Petit who does corny stuff, but funny to selected members of the audience.
4	Visitors to Las Vegas should enjoy this show. Classic, high-quality circus-style entertainment and more.  Yes, it is rather pricey at over a hundred fifty dollars per person. My mother visited for a week, and we enjoyed this show together.  She was thrilled at all of the antics on and off the stage.  I personally wound up with an empty popcorn container on top of my head twice from the wandering Vaudeville-style comic-relief guy. It made for a very memorable experience for my mother (and me too!).Very high quality entertainment, and also a VERY HIGH price. Good for children of rich parents who are above the age of, say, 8 or 9. Located in Treasure Island with good parking opportunities and easy access .If you liked Blue Man Group, you should go see Stomp Outloud...and THEN go see Mystere.  Think of those three shows as "fun, funner, and funnest".
5	Beautiful choreography, acrobatics, music, and costume. Incredibly artistic.
5	I had no F-ing idea what this show was about but I loved it anyway.  The show was super trippy with all the lights and stuff.  Brian Le Petit (the guy in the suit) was hilarious!  He kept messing with the audience.  Definitely lots of audience interaction so be prepared to get pulled on stage/be put on the spotlight if you sit in the front.My boyfriend and I got tickets in Section 203, Row LL, Seats 5-6.  They were smack in the center of the stage in the back.  I thought they were pretty awesome seats.  I definitely recommend sitting toward the back in the orchestra so you can see everything because there is SO MUCH going on.Very entertaining show =D
4	An intriguing blend of beauty and strength, power and grace, passion and precision...A dreamy, trippy show where vivid colors and spectacular acts of acrobatics blend your dreams with your nightmares. I definitely liked it when I saw it a couple years ago, even if I preferred their shows like LOVE. But now, Cirque du Soleil is doing a promotion where you can bring a friend to the show for only $25 (compared to the suggested price which is around $150) and you can find the deal at http://www.destinationcoupons.com. I think that is just too good of an offer to pass up for such an amazing show!
2	Maybe it's just me! Every time I'm in Vegas I'm always being told you gotta see a show, go check out Mystere. Then the person goes on to say how they have seen it multiple times and how great it is. So, me and my ruca decide to check it out. It was kinda of a last minute thing so we had to spend a little extra and get "good" seats. By a little extra I mean a little over 200.00 for 2 tickets, not bad I guess since it is such a "great show".  Don't fall for that good seats bullshit either. The theater isn't that big, so any seat is a good seat.Don't get me wrong the guy that comes out before the show to warm up the audience is funny and the shit they do is incredible. But I can only tolerate so much tumbling, acrobats and whatever else they do. Long story short I fell asleep. I don't get how people say they have seen this show more than once, I mean come on once is really enough. Maybe I'm just not a "show" guy, but I would save my money and spend it else where in Vegas. Mystere is a one time only thing, and even that might be too much.
3	I saw the show a couple of years ago with my family. I've seen a bunch of LV shows and this one stacks up, but nothing special.
5	I LOVE cirque du Soleil and this is one of their best shows (O is a bit better).  If you get there 15 min or fewer before the show you run the risk of being used as a prop. Same is true for those folks in the first couple of rows.  The nice thing though is that they do things for the 15 min before -- keeping you entertained.  The comic relief it much better than Ka and O. But, it gets a little tiring.  Plus, often when there is tumbling there is so much going on you can't see it all.  It was really amazing though -- seriously incredible dancers, acrobats, and performers.  I can't wait to see it again!
4	Great Cirque show, funny.  We sat in the 3rd row and quite frankly farther back would have been easier on our necks and cheaper.  My kids loved it to.
5	***  200th review!!!! ***And I saved it for the highlight of my Vegas trip this past weekend--Mystere!!On my previous trip to Vegas, I saw my first Cirque show, Zumanity.  Boy was I let down--it was not at all what I was expecting.  I wanted to be wowed, amazed, astonished.  And above all, I wanted to feel that the steep price tag was worth it.  Thank goodness I saw Mystere this time around--it turned out to be just the kind of show I wanted to see.  I couldn't stop gasping, laughing and smiling the whole time. The performers were so strong,  precise, and artistic.  It was utterly mind blowing and I loved every second of it.  Take advantage of their discounted seating--I got tickets for about $75 and it was well worth the price.  Also, the theater is small, and I would imagine any seat--even the ones in the back--are good.  Just make sure you sit toward the center of the theater, not on the edges.
5	This was an awesome show. I guess it's about dreams, but the little girl was adorable and the things these Cirque people can do is utterly amazing. I did feel a little offended that there were big bellied-pregnant looking characters..but maybe because i'm that big-bellied-pregnant character right now.The only thing I found kinda uncomfy is the two strong men that were very homo-erotic...(to clarify i'm a no on prop-8) The movement was slow and sensual looking to me but crazy about the agility and strength.A must see and with this economy- you can even get a buy one- get one for $25 or other deals. No seat is a bad seat.
2	Unimpressed.  I have pretty much seen every Cirque show in Vegas, as well as shows in San Francisco and Orange County.  I am a gigantic Cirque FANATIC.  ((50% off tickets for everyone in your party if just one of you sports a military ID.))This show is an absolute drag.  To top it off, this was my BFF's very first Cirque show and I am so disappointed that I didn't choose another show to take her to.Mystere is poorly directed, with an incoherent storyline / message.  More than half of the show is "comedy" which is just borderline funny and more-so annoying.  Cirque usually prides itself on turning the mundane into something fantastic.  Not so for Mystere.  90% of the acts are acrobatic, and can be seen everywhere from Ringling Bros to the county fair.  No different take on the feats whatsoever.  What you expect from the trapeze, aerial high bar, poles, bungee, plank, etc..... is exactly what you expect.  You'll see that having low expectations met is actually worse than simply being disappointed.The remaining 10% of the acts include taiko drums (UCI taiko team does a better and more enthralling number than these Cirque drummers) and extremely homoerotic strength feats (the performers are actually brothers, but it's still uncomfortable to watch).TIP:  If you are going to check this show out regardless, get seats in the BACK.  AA - MM.  In the center.  Like I said, this show is mainly acrobatic, and you will miss a lot of the action the closer you get to the stage.Two stars because this show only cost me $75 for three center row LL tickets as a Cirque premiere member and military dependent.  Sometimes the most economical choice is not the most satisfying.
4	Are you serious this is an awesome show.... Its a must see show when you go to vegas. I have seen it twice. I cant wait to go back to las vegas again. Its worth the money spent on the show..
5	Saw this for the second time around this summer, and I have to say, it's the best show that Cirque has to offer, next to Zumanity.  I've seen them all - O, Ka, it has something for everyone.  I couldn't help giggle throughought the show, because I kept thinking of that scene in "Knocked Up", when the guys dropped, and started to trip out on all the characters - LOL!The first time I saw it, we were in the 4th row, and everything was so close and surreal.  This second time around, we opted for some discount tickets, and it was just as entertaining.  Getting the whole picture of the acrobatics, the dancing, and I still LOVE the 2 guys doing all that contortionist/yoga balancing moves.  BRAVO DUDES!  I'd kill to have muscles and control like them!  If you're in town and want to splurge on some bomb a$$ entertainment, come see Mystere.
5	Odd, I could have sworn I made a review for this. This was the first Cirque show I have ever been to in vegas(I went in 2007). Well, it's great for groups of all ages of course and every seat is a good seat. I think, of all the cirque shows, this is the one that is,'the most circus' out of all of them. It's well rounded with acrobatics and  clown comedy fun.  I'll be checking out Zumanity next and then O and Ka. Maybe, when the new Cirque show opens( I think it's going to be at the new City Center and will be based off of Elvis music), I'll check it out too.
5	Stunning!  If I could do my life all over again I would be in Vegas working as a trapeze girl in Mystere.  I was impressed with all of the acts, and the run time of the show was perfect (about an hour to an hour and a half).I didnt really dig the adult baby between the acts so much, but luckily that wasnt a huge part of the show.There was really no discernible theme or plot, just really freaking weird and mind blowing costumes and dexterity.
3	3.5 I had high hopes for a Vegas Cirque show, but it delivered just short of what I expected. Since I have only seen one other Cirque performance, which happened to be their traveling show Kooza, I was imagining at least 5xs the excitement at a permanent show. It was a last minute decision to watch Mystere and we got tickets for around $85. We probably had the worst seating in the theater which wasn't bad at all. I found that Mystere had about the same amount of acts as Kooza. Pros: The acts were still amazing as expected. The costumes and and makeup were very creative and lively. The staging had different elements that the traveling show lacked. I absolutely loved the music.Cons: I found that the comedic relief wasn't as funny as the Koozas. And I basically found Kooza and Mystere at a pretty dead even race as to which was more entertaining. Overall: Still a pretty good show, but I just left wanting more.  Perhaps it was because I had seen Kooza before hand and was using that to compare. I would say if it is your first Cirque show, you should still watch it! But not if you've seen Kooza or any other performances.
5	We saw this show in June 2008.  This was my first Cirque show and it was absolutely amazing!! The pina colada I got at the bar inside was pretty yummy too :)My only complaint is that we saw this show on our last night in Vegas, and if I'd know how great it was going to be, I would have bought tickets to see another Cirque show while we were there as well!We got great seats and even got 50% off our tickets with the military discount, thanks to my boyfriend!
4	Inspiration.... inspiration to go to the gym and get ripped like all the performers in this show. But, since I know that'll never happen... ill settle for pure entertainment. There were trapeze acts, pole climbing, teeter totter action, people flying through the air, etc etc. They have ticket booths thats sell tickets half off. Look for those.
5	Wow!  This was my first Cirque show but it definetely won't be my last.  I probably looked like an idiot, sitting there with my mouth open in aw the whole time.  Used the buy one get one for $25 promotion and got seats in the upper level slightly right of center stage.  The seats were perfect.  If you sat in the first couple rows you would be straining your neck to see the acts that drop from the ceiling.  My only complaint is that there was too much going on to see all of it.
5	I would have to say that "O" is still my fave Cirque du Soleil show but Mystere is still executed well.  The cast interacts much more in Mystere compared to the other Cirque shows.  The acrobats are, as always amazing and so is the singing.  I would say that any seat in the theater has a great view of the stage.  Long live the huge snail!
4	I probably would have given it more had I not been so tired from all the walking and the huge meal I had at the Bellagio Buffet. The theatre was big and well decorated. Seating was great too with plenty of leg room. As for the show, what more can you ask for with those amazing acrobats and the humor with some of those characters. Was hoping to see O or KA, but Mystere is still a good show.
4	I saw the show the night I arrived in Vegas and I was really entertained, except for the fact that I nor my daughter had any idea of what the show was about. You really have to pay attention because so much is going on. People dropping form the ceiling, performing on the stage and on the walls adjacent to the stage. The clown guy was fun, at least I thought so. It was a nice way to keep the crowd entertained before the start of the show as well as during the show. It was worth the price of the ticket.
5	My first ever Cirque show, and I'm a convert!  I was like a little kid again, from the moment I first noticed the "naughty boy" pre-show antics, to the very end of the finale.  I actually giggled and gaped at times, no mean feat to elicit from a cynical old crow like me.  I heartily recommend you make the effort to see this show.  We got a good deal on tix: two seats in row K on the side for $115, through a Cirque ad in one of the tourist mags.  My fave parts were the trapeze/bungee cord stunts, and the two strong men who twisted and contorted while holding each other up...simply amazing.
5	I LOVE Cirque du Soleil and have seen MANY.... so I definitely feel that I can compare them.  This is one of my favorites!  That's saying a lot.  It's a down to basics type of Cirque. It doesn't have the crazy moving platform (Ka) or a huge pool (O), but it's so magnificent in the individual acts. My favorite part of this show is when the two strong guys get on the small rounded rotating platform.  It's completely amazing how strong, flexible, and basically superhuman they are!  I have seen this show twice, most recently in April '09.  We had great seats (back of the first section).  I would recommend not sitting too close.  I think the American mindset is 'closer is better' but if you get too close, you spend a lot of time looking straight up and in some instances you are looking behind you.  Sit at the back of the first section from the stage, it's perfect.  In addition... Please please please don't bring your small children to this.  We had a kid (about 2 years old) in front of us and behind us.  One was ok and the other was scared to DEATH and screamed and had to leave numerous times.  I feel like Cirque should have a minimum age, but hey it's money.  I would HIGHLY recommend this show if you are in Las Vegas.  IF you are deciding between this show and another, I would suggest this one.  It's got the core of what Cirque is and because it is an older show you can usually get good seats.
3	This is our second Cirque du Soleil in Vegas.  The first was Ka over at the MGM.  Excellent show.  5 stars.  Compared to Ka, we felt Mystere was a huge let down.  Sure there are lots of amazing visuals happening all around you.  But, the story is hard to follow and very choppy.  The funniest acts were the silly intermission acts by a an obnoxious dude in a tuxedo.  For the actual show, it was a bit draggy.  Also, the huge snail at the end of the show, WTF!!!  If you haven't seen a Cirque du Soleil act before, I definitely recommend you fork out the big bucks to see one.  Just don't let Mystere be the one.  Ka was awesome and I've heard great things about "O" at the Bellagio.
4	I had one of the most horrifying experiences of my life at Mystere.  Somehow, we had gotten seats in the front row.A performer dressed in a baby suit rolled a gigantic orange ball off the stage and it somehow landed right in front of me.  He started "crying."  I awkwardly shoved the ball back onto the stage and he smiled at me, calling me "papa."  He beckoned me to come up on stage, and he squirted me in the face with his bottle.He called out to me several times during the show, but the worst part was when he drove through the theater on a golf cart and made me get onto it with him.  They took me backstage, dressed *me* up in a baby suit, drove me across the stage, and then had me push the cart back across the stage in the other direction.One of the people who was with me later overheard someone in the bathroom explaining to their child that I was one of the performers pretending to be a clueless audience member.  HA!So, that's my "Mystere" story.  Actually, that's one of the few things I remember about it, other than I recall enjoying it.  I had seen "O" before I saw Mystere, and I must say that I preferred "O"... but Mystere is great, too.
5	I'm a really big fan of cirque and it just keeps on getting better. my friend and I went to the half price ticket booth to get the day of tix. the prices weren't bad (70 each for cat. 4) but it only offered single seats. when we went to pick up the tickets at ti, the person was nice enough to get us seats that were just two seats apart. not bad. the theatre was super nice and you can see the stage from any angle no matter where you sit. the couple we were sandwiching offered to move a seat over so we can sit with each other which was really awesome. this performance didn't really have a story line like ka or believe but the acrobat performances were flawless. this show is definitely up there on my list. beware of the man that takes popcorn from people and throw it at others. they do give you another one if he takes it from you. If you are watching the 9 pm show make sure you don't exit in from of the hotel. the walkway will be blocked for the sirens of ti show and you will not be able to move through the people!
4	Last time I went to Vegas, I saw La Reve at the Wynn. I consider it both a blessing and a curse - it was the most amazing show I have ever seen, and I can't help but hold every other show up to that par. I don't want to give any of the show away, but it was an excellent mix of comedy, athleticism, and music. There were a few mess ups by the acrobats, but hey they're human! They always went back up and did the stunt again.I couldn't follow the story, however - not quite sure to this day if there even was a solid, linear story at all. But if you want to "ooh" and "aah" and say, "that's crazy" a couple dozen times, Mystere is the right place.
5	As my very first Cirque du Soleil experience, I can easily say I was thoroughly surprised and entertained! It was like nothing I had expected, I was amazed the entire time! I was on my toes scared for the acrobats and stuff. I loved it! Any seat in the house is sure to be a good seat. I'm definitely coming back to see another Cirque du Soleil! I forsure recommend this to anybody planning to visit Las Vegas anytime soon!
5	This was the first cirque show we saw in Vegas, and it is still the best out of all we've seen (Ka and O).  Our seats were pretty good, being right in the middle.  Tickets were about half the price of tickets for O, so I would definitely go back to see this show again.  This show has it all...from comedy to stunning acrobats.  If you are deciding which Cirque show will be your first I would start with Mystere, then Love followed by Ka and O!
2	Ditto Chip K's Review. I have seen La Reve, Mystere and Zumanity.  Mystere was by far the WORST of them all.  I would not pay to see Mystere again.  The only reason the BF and I went was because we got an awesome package deal at TI.Agreed -  The male performer dressed in a baby suit rolling the gigantic orange ball off the stage was awful.  The continuous crying by this character became extremely annoying and seemed out of place.Overall, I would not recommend this show...unless you get in for free.
4	Mystere was my first Cirque show ten years ago. I went back for the first time last Wednesday night. It wasn't as exciting as I'd remembered, but I think that's because Cirque has rolled out so many over-the-top shows that take your breath away with dramatic music, daring acrobatics and crazy moving sets (like Ka, O, La Nouba). This is really a great show if you like audience interaction. The muscle men are amazing. The baby is funny. Acrobats are great. But if you are looking for action-packed, exhilarating Cirque that makes your eyes dart and your chest thump, go to O or Love or Ka.
4	Loved this show (although it is not KA).Why you should go see this show...*the performers of Cirque de soleil are amazing...all of the acrobatics, the bouncing on the trampolines, the trapeze acts, the two ambiguously gay muscle men balancing act!  I want to run away & join the cirque...looks like so much fun.*The old guy misleading people to their seat was funny & he had more laughs under his sleeve during the show*the audience interaction**Don't come here & expect to be wowed with a crazy moving set hence the 4 stars**Also didn't find the adult baby funny**TIP:  go to the various tix 4 tonight places on the strip (www.tix4tonight.com)...you can get big discounts on show tixs.
5	I was a bit hesitant when asked if I wanted to watch a Cirque du Soleil show because I saw one previously that literally put me to sleep...Mystere was simply amazing and I would recommend it to everyone. The performers performed some crazyass acrobatics (I really liked the 2 men that were balancing off each other- AMAZING!) and the costumes + makeup really tied in well.
3	Charging the same prices as when you first opened is not cool, this show is tired, but predictable and somewhat enjoyable if you like the circus. You definitely get more for your money here than at Ka (what a POS that was - reminded me to the TMNT Foot Clan). At any rate, don't pay full price - go to the discounters and pay the cheapest ticket. All of the seats are great seats. Dealing with the mob before and after was a pain and the bathrooms in the joint were oddly undersized for such a large assembly. Lots of makeup, vegas magic, and flamboyant costumes. Make sure you come liquered up and you will have a great time.
5	A great show!We got half price tickets through an internet promotion.  The tickets had to be picked up at the box office in advance - we did have to wait in line for almost an hour to get our tickets (bummer!).The show itself was fantastic.  While the theme was somewhat abstract, the show was engaging and the acts were very impressive.  Some of the acrobatics were so intense they were literally breathtaking.
4	This was my first Cirque show, and I went on to see 10 more because I loved it. Its timeless and tickets can sometimes be found at Tix for Tonight.
1	I'm confused, but amazed at the same time. I loved it, and hated it at the same time too. I am conflicted. The people were amazing. I can't believe they did some of the things they did. True athletes. The problem: I was lost like I didn't know if I should be getting something or if I was missing it. To many buff men getting to friendly with other buffed men scared me a bit. Some of the costumes were also hard to look at. In all seriousness. It was awesome and am very glad I got to see a Cirque show in Vegas. Next time, the Beatles.  This overall was a dissapointment and waste of money (see the confliction) ..... thus, one star and I can't recommend it to anyone and would never go to it again myself.
4	O and Mystere are probably the most entertaining of the Cirque shows I've seen (O, Mystere, Zumanity, one other one I've forgotten the name of).  I would say that Mystere is the more compelling in terms of pure human exertion and effort, but that O trumps it in terms of grandiosity and flair which is why I prefer O.But, I don't think anyone would be disappointed in watching either.  The only warning I can give you about watching Mystere is that the show is most memorable (for me) for its SNL Ace and Gary moment(s) (see:  the Ambiguously Gay Duo).  You'll know it when you see it.
4	This was my first Cirque show.  I stayed at TI and got a message on the room phone for 2-for-1 tickets.  I'm sure there are deals like this all the time, but I'm a sucker.I didn't really know what to expect.  All I knew about Cirque shows is that they are weird and feature acrobatics.  Well, that's exactly what it was... and I loved it!I should say that while I knew it would be weird and acrobatic-y, I had no idea to what extent.  I've seen nothing like it before, and couldn't have imagined it either.  The producer must be on some hardcore drugs.I sat towards the front-middle of the center section in the back half (203) about a row or two behind the mixing booth.  I think this is the best area to view the show, as the performers use a lot of the front half of the entire auditorium at various points throughout the show.  So, if you sat in the front half, you would have to do some turning around and looking over your head.There were a lot of ups and downs throughout.  Sometimes there would be up to 50 or more performers on stage and other times there would be just one.  There was a lot of variety, too.  It wasn't all acrobatics (which was amazing), but there was also some elements of comedy and audience interaction, which kept you trying to guess what was going to happen.  Or... what is exactly happening?I would definitely recommend this to others and am looking forward to seeing another Cirque show!
4	Cirque du Soleil has yet to fail me. I wasn't expecting much with Mystere because everyone and their mama raves about all the other spectacular shows in Vegas. They all say to start off with Mystere and work your way up. With that notion, I think Mystere is underated.If you ordered your tickets online, you'll most likely need to show up a bit before your show time and pick up your tickets at will call. The process is simple, show the printed confirmation and your legit ID (of the CC holder) and they will hand you your tickets. I saw a huge line of people, anxiously waiting for the doors to open. Wait a minute, they're assigned seats, what's the hurry? We didn't bother waiting, so we hit up the craps table. When most of the people were already in the theatre, we then casually strolled in.I got the category 3 seats which was located right next to the middle control booth. They were perfect! Not only close to exits but right smacked in the middle. Those seats were not too far back and not too close to the front where you would walk out of there with a neck cramp because you have to keep looking up at the acts above your head.What I really was amazed with was the stage. The elevating stages were uncalled for and very effective. When I first got into the theatre, I didn't know what to expect. Once I saw the floors moving like crazy, I was impressed.The acts... well go decide that for yourself but I thought it was pretty cool and entertaining overall.I would definitely recommend this show to others. Good for everyone of all ages for the most part.
5	Mystere is hard to explain in words. There wasn't an obvious theme to the show, as is with LOVE at the Mirage; but the costumes, the display of human strength and beauty, coupled with live musicians and talented vocalists make this production mesmerizing. As a former gymnast, I especially enjoyed the see-saw and trampoline performances; there is no doubt that the cast is world-class.The only unpleasant parts were a fussy adult baby; his role is necessary as it acts like an intermission for the players. Yet, if I had to sit through him again, I would be greatly annoyed. The audience participation portions would made me uncomfortable; there was a man literally taking popcorn buckets from people and dumping them on other audience members. I noticed that replacements were provided by ushers soon after, but still, it's unnerving. But this is only just about 3% of what is mainly a great experience.The costumes are imaginative, the stage floor raises in levels and rotates. There is always something new to notice, so I hardly think one could get a bad seat in the house. I was fortunate enough to sit in Section 203, seat 11 (which is the DEAD MIDDLE) of the entire audience, a great view. The price was about $80, but half-price tickets at the Fashion Show Mall could get you in a same-day show for $20 less.
1	After seeing KA (my first Cirque du Soleil show), this was a major disappointment.  It doesn't come anywhere close to the amazement level of KA.I blame the producer/director of this show.  As mentioned in some of the other reviews, it is an almost random, incohesive mix of acrobatic stunts and drumming.  There was absolutely no story line to this show.  But beyond just that, several parts were very lull, almost boring.  And then there were parts that (the baby, the old man in the suit) were just simply annoying....and seemed to drag on forever....leaving me thinking "come on, get on with the show already...."Another gripe - there is a character (the old man) who comes out and picks on people in the audience, including those in the expensive section.  I can understand having audience participation, but what he does is ridicules and humiliates them.  There is also a baby character that does something similar, but from the stage.  .  Why would anyone want to pay top $$$ for a show to be subjected to that?  It was uncomfortable to watch.The performers are indeed talented and given a better script, could definitely be put to better use.How people can see this show more than once is beyond me.  Do yourself a favor & skip this one....
4	Certainly entertaining; however, I have no other Cirque shows to compare this to.  If I had to describe this in two words it would be body control.  Some of the stunts and displays of strength are simply incredible!I should say that if the baby throws a ball at you, do not under any circumstances throw it back.  You will be labeled papa and referenced several times in the show.  Unless you want water shot in your face and to be driven around on stage, heed this warning.  Though I'm sure some would love it - it would be my nightmare.
4	I was expecting a lot from Mystere because it was a Cirque Du Soleil show and I have to start off my review by saying that I gave it 4 stars because it met and exceeded my expectations, but it wasn't mind blowing.As other people have mentioned, this show doesn't have a story line. You're not following a love story or helping the hero conquer evil. It's a fancified circus act. You begin and continue throughout the show with humor. Their stunts are truly unbelievable and you're left wondering how the human body is able to do that (perhaps it's time for a trip to Bodies at Luxor). The show was very beautiful and nicely executed however there were some stunts where I was left saying "ok, can we move on now? I've got the gist of it."It's okay to sit in front. You'll realize that when they get people to participate in the show, they are really getting you to laugh with them. No one is laughing at you. The humor is quite tasteful. If you want to avoid being hassled by the old man in the beginning, then I suggest arriving earlier than 30 min before the show. Most of the audience who is picked on are in the front, but really it's nothing embarrassing. I was deathly afraid of being made to wear a diaper from previous reviews, but after the show, I really wouldn't have minded if that happened to meIn conclusion, this is a great show. It'll make you laugh and it will make your jaw drop. It lacks a certain grandiosity, but I think it's worth the ticket price.
5	Mystere. With the reputation of being the best circus in the world I had high expectations for this show... And they were all fulfilled. Being my first Cirque show, I didn't know what acts to expect. The ones they showed were amazing and defied the laws of human nature. The show was composed of comedy(lots of it) and suspense(even more of it). With the perfect cast and months, even years of training, there were few mistakes that only few could have seen. With a great show comes great planning. There must always be a plan B if something doesn't go as planned. Though there were few mistakes, most even unnoticeable, they acted as if nothing happened and went to the second option smoothly. They had an act of testing the true strength of man. Two men performing the ultimate test of strength and balance was the highlight of my night. With veins and brute force popping from their sexy chiseled bodies, i couldn't help but wonder how much training they put into the act. This act was truly an inspiration to boys and men everywhere to get off their butts and to start going to the weight room. With the humor of the big baby and the man in the suit at random scene changes, this show was truly worth my family's payment.Go watch Mystere now at Vegas baby!!!
4	My husband and I went to see Mystere a few weeks ago, and we both thought it was great! I've seen one other Cirque (Love) which I thought was better, but Mystere was definitely not bad. We got a decent price on tickets (a student discount) but the convenience fees and taxes made them still fairly expensive. But, on that note, cirques are worth the price for sure. I love how they did the music live in the theatre, and the storyline was neat. Plus, my husband really enjoyed it, and I'm so glad I got to be with him while he was his first Cirque! I'm not sure I'd want to pay to see Mystere again, but I definitely think seeing it once was wonderful!
4	This was the second Cirque experience - the first being Quidam few years back. While Mystere is very enjoyable, it felt like some of the acts were similar to what I had seen in Quidam! - the clowns, baby sequences, and pole climbing.Bought tickets through the discount outlet (Tix4Tonite) for Category 4 seats (section 105) at about $20 off the box-office price. The view was not bad, and certainly worthwhile for the price. From what I can tell the best seats are probably in the back of the lower center section (103) or 1/3-midway of upper center section (203). Otherwise, Mystere is really enjoyable, and if you have never been to a Cirque show, this one is a good one to see and works well for families also. Especially impressive was the 2-brother act, where they balance on each other's arms/feet, doing incredible twists and positions - all on top of a rotating dome. The final trapeze act was also pretty cool. There is also a big snail, which is shown in the online and TV ads, but its role was not clear, and only spends time on the stage at the very end.
4	i have to admit that i have no idea about the plot at all, even after the show is done, i'm still clueless about the big snail balloon that they put there. i mean? what happened?but regardless of the confusion, this show purely entertain its audience. i for once was amused by their cubic guy, bouncing guys, and the baby's wry humor performance.
3	This Cirque du Soleil show was comedic but it lacked a true story line. I too was confused about the large snail at the end. Like, WTH? Ok, a big snail, so what.The tickets were pretty cheap. I think there was a special online so we didn't have to pay regular price. If you enjoy watching Cirque du Soleil shows, be sure to sign up for the Cirque Club. You will receive discounts on tickets (up to 50% off) and advance notice when tickets go on sale for their tour shows.Overall, good show. I think the water shows like Le Reve or O are much better.
5	This is my first time watching a cirque du soleil show and it was amazing!!!I highly recommend everyone to watch if it you havent yet. The music is relaxing, almost made me fall asleep, a little pricey though
5	Omg, maybe it's because it was my first Cirque show (I've been wanting to go since I was like 8), but it was sooooooooooooooooo good!  I couldn't stop smiling the entire show long!  The cast is so talented!  Each act was an amazing display of human ability and I was thoroughly entertained.  I do agree that there is no obvious storyline, but that's okay by me.  It is "Mystere," a mystery.  You take what you will from it.  I felt like it was more about the emotions evoked rather than a solid story of sorts.  It touches on the innocence of children, the celebration of life as well as the inevitability of tragedy.  All in all, this performance is about art; as there are no single correct interpretations of paintings, concertos, etc. there is no single correct interpretation of Mystere.  Don't think too much into it and just enjoy it already! :-POh, last note: the theater was a lot smaller than expected, so you don't necessarily have to shell out the extra bucks to sit up close, unless you want to interact with the cast.  Our seats were dead center in Section 2 (FF/11&12)  but I actually would have preferred to sit maybe one or two rows back.  Also, they have a 35% off student discount all day every day, so don't forget your Student Body I.D.'s!
2	Visually entertaining, and impressive acrobats, I will hands down give 'em that.  However....for me...I hated it. I was left very unsatisfied (like a thirst that couldn't be quenched) and confused at some concepts. I honestly thought there was going to be a storyline. I was waiting for the climax in the "story" and the whole thing was just a huge explosion.I'll never see this one again.
4	Mystere was way better than I expected. I couldn't quite grasp the concept and the adult dressed as a baby kind of creeped me out, but the acrobatics, stunts, music, costumes, moving stage, choreography, lighting and makeup were so amazingly impressive that I didn't care about the concept or the freaky baby. I was mesmerized. I can't wait to attend another Cirque du Soliel show and I am so grateful to have such a fabulous production company here in Las Vegas.
3	Having seen a few of Cirque's shows, I can attest that although this was one of the oldest productions, it wasn't the best. As usual, the performances were spectacular. The feats of strength and flexibility produced by these men and women are a delight to see. The costuming and prop work were flawless, the music was enchanting, the light show was magical and the crew did an amazing rigging job. It's too bad that most of the scenes, or chapters within the show, get lost in the overall theme or story. Elements of the concept were confusing, missing and unnoticeable to me and that's too bad. Comical punctuations sprinkled throughout the show, although enjoyable, only served to further dilute the show's impressive sets. Overall, quite a decent first glance at the world of Cirque. On the other hand, veteran viewers will find the holes in its production glaringly obvious.
3	This was my first Cirque du Soleil show, and I must say that I was a bit disappointed.  I guess I expected it to be really out of this world.  With that being said, I would still recommend others to see it.  There was some amazing talent and acrobatics.  I was a bit confused by the big baby????  But it did have some humorous moments.  My favorite part of the show was the 'pole-dancing'.  Not sure what to call it, but it was very well choreographed and executed.  Again, very talented cast! Oh and the two guys on the rotating sphere, that was phenomenal!Next up for me is the Cirque du Soleil O at the Bellagio.
3	This was my first cirque du soleil show, so maybe my expectations were just a little too high, but it wasn't as amazing as i thought it would be. I wasn't a fan of the pre-show (old man throwing popcorn around that the audience had purchased) and I did not understand the incorporation of the large, obese baby into the entire performance. The acrobatics were amazing, but the little size stories were distracting, and I felt, took away from the performance as a whole.  I loved the music though, and thought that was the best part of the show, next to the acrobats. One thing I did wish while watching the show, was that the narrator (?) or the one who's 'show' it belonged to, spoke in English to the audience. I didn't understand what he was saying the entire time, and I wish I did. Perhaps it was part of the whole "mystere" mystery of life theme, but it would have been nice to understand what he was saying.
5	I've seen lots of Cirque shows. Mystere is my favorite so far. It has humor and really a fun show to watch. It is not as serious as other Cirque shows.
4	The show was pretty good despite the fact that I was as sick as a dog that day. My boyfriend took me to go watch the show on our anni. Since we're locals, we got a local discount...yay!! Ok back to the show, the show was funny and it knows how to interact with its audiences. The music and sound effects correlates with the scenes. Though the only thing I was confused about was..I personally did not understand what the storyline was. Overall it was a fun show to see.
5	This, and O, are tied in my mind for the Best Cirque de Soliel show in Vegas.  Truly impressive in every way.  The theater is small enough to see everyone.
4	I think if I saw this when it first came out I would have been dazzled, but I've just seen way too much Cirque since its opening (24 productions and I've seen 14). I will however agree that to consider this as the first Cirque here and how its been a mainstay, its good....it's been here for 17 years already! It was their first permanent show, and though good- they have just gotten better from here after perfecting a stage show and getting bigger budgets and new technology.I thought the costuming was nice and this was more to the "traditional" style of Cirque, more like the traveling shows, before their Vegas productions got bigger and more complicated. The baby clown was alright but some of it was a bit overkill (MAMAA X 30 times). Oh and I kept getting people asking "whats up with the snail?" So this is about the mystery of life and life cycle hence the baby and the insects and all that....the snail was also growing, you'll see little snail pass by in different scenes until it was all grown up in the end hence culminating in its adulthood.  It made for a nice Christmas. We got tickets with a December locals discount so it was good value for what we paid, but I don't think I'd repeat this one.
5	This was my FIRST Cirque du Soleil show! It was such an awesome first experience. I had no idea what to expect. From the very start of the show I was thoroughly entertained all the way to the end. The characters were humorous and the performers were amazing! My favorite performances were the Chinese Poles and the Taiko drums. The clowns were super funny from the start and I love the big baby. I thought this show was fantastic and wouldn't mind seeing it again. Highly recommended!
3	After seeing Ka, a little underwhelmed.  Was it one of the first Cirques?I would look for the cheapest tickets.  Every seat in every Cirque show is good, so don't spend too much on this one.  It's good, but it's not KA.
4	Solid Cirque show.  Love the acrobats, costumes, and the funny opening skit.  I hear 'O' is better, but this was quite entertaining.
4	Every time I go to Vegas I love to see one good quality show. My husband surprised me with this show and it dinner package for our 10 year anniversary. Anyway, make sure if you do the dinner/show package to get your free popcorn tickets because we were not given them when we picked up tickets the day prior and there was no way to retrieve them at the performace due to the long lines outside. Anyway the show was very strange but had some really great talent. I would recommend this show to anyway.
4	For being the first Cirque show in Vegas, it has fared well against all these newer, more expensive shows. I liked Mystere better than O at half the price! Next to watch: Love.
4	Mystere was my first Cirque du Soleil EVER. I'm not sure how much my opinion of Mystere will change if I watch it now that I've seen 6 others. I will say one thing, though - there is no such thing as a bad Cirque du Soleil. Every single performer is beauty in motion.To appreciate the history and see how the different productions have progressed with time as well as the incorporation of special effects and elaborate stages, it's a very good idea to start with one of the simpler first resident Cirques in Las Vegas - Mystere. It may not be as refined as the newer productions (keep in  mind that Mystere was first performed in 1993) and a lot of the time, can be rather confusing.. but once again you can expect a consistency with all Cirque du Soleils with its incredible acrobats in all the acts.__________________________________________If I could do it all over again, I'd save the best for last and do it in the following order: 1.) Zumanity, 2.) Mystere 3.) Love, 4.) Ka, 5.) Le Reve, 6.) O - Haven't seen Elvis or Believe, but I'd bet they'd go well either before/after Love.
5	The most amazing show I've ever seen, and I'm a "show junkie" by my own admission.My jaw never left the floor. There isn't a single bad seat in the house, and it's worth every penny. I'm blown away by the caliber of the performers (just the strength alone was inhuman it seemed) and the score was beautiful.I now feel compelled to go see all the other Cirque shows. Amazing!
5	Classic CDS! I recommend newbies to CDS start with this show and branch out from here. It's children appropriate, and actually visually appealing enough where your kids might stay awake. I love this show because at its' heart, it really is a "circus". It doesn't tell much of a story, it doesn't have stupid dancing, it's not all about the set.. but that's what makes this show so magical. The wonder of this show is the performers themselves. They are talanted as hell ! The acrobatics are stunning and memorable. A great show with wide appeal.
5	This hotel got so lucky with this show. I love this show, it's freaking nuts, so many things happening, it is awesome, everyone needs to watch this, this is cirque de soleil at it's best.
5	Spectacular. This is one of the best shows on the strip. What makes this show even better? There are discounts available for this show so take advantage of them while you can!!!Good: Spectacular show with discounts readily available.Bad: Some seats can be really bad in this show so choose carefully.Final: Go watch it!
3	As with all Cirque du Soleil shows, the performance and acrobats are amazing in Mystere.  The setting is not as impressive as the other shows, though, and the baby act was not interesting to our group at all.  However, the variety of shows is what makes Cirque du Soleil so popular.  I agree with Anita L. -- if this is your first experience with CDS, make it Mystere and you won't be disappointed.
3	First off, I have seen four other shows so far, so I am trying to keep my bias tailored to each show individually.The show was a great show and getting the 50% discount for military makes it even better. We got $80 tickets for about $40 each. The atmosphere in the theater a little more janky than some of the other venues I have seen previously. There is not a bad show in the house, so getting the cheapest tickets is what i recommend. You sit in a half circle and the cheaper your tickets the closer you are to the stage. The performers are all very talented. That being said, it is hard for me not to tell you to go see other shows as of all the Cirque shows I have seen, this is my least favorite. I felt like I was continuously waiting for something great to happen.1. Cheesy acting. There are a group of actors that are part of the show that add humor to the show. They do a great job but I feel it really slowed down the show and didnt fit in with the calibur of a Cirque show.2. Repetitive acts. It seemed as if the acts were drawn out to take up time/space. Dont get me wrong, there are some really good acts, but it seemed like you got your fix on each act and were ready to see something else much faster than they actually performed.Other than that, the show was decent. Looking forward to seeing the last few Cirque shows while I am stationed here.Seating and view = 5Atmosphere and setting = 3TIcket pricing = 4Performers = 3Other = 3
5	This is an excellent show. It's a bit short and expensive, but all of the Cirque shows are like that. However, it is intense from beginning to end and very amusing. My boyfriend and I got cheap seats but we were still in a great spot in the theater. I don't buy the most expensive seats in the house unless you want to be picked on by the cast - as in being put on stage and possibly uncomfortable situations. The furthest back seats are not the best, but as long as you aren't in the very back it will be worth your money! Also, I didn't realize that the music for the show was performed as well. On the sides of the stage there is a band, and the opposite side has the singers/vocalists. It adds a beautiful and chilling flair. Mystere is a must see and if you are going this summer get the discount tickets!
5	I LOOOOOVVEEED this show!!! it's def a must-see in Vegas.
5	Wow, just saw this show last night and it was truly amazing!  Perfect combination of stunts, comedy, dancing, music, incredible staging.... This show is a must see!
4	Amazing show and if it's your first Cirque du Soleil event it's a good one to start with.Tickets are pricey and I'd recommend trying to shop around for some cheap ones, but that's pretty standard with all Vegas events nowadays.  Good for all members of the family, incredible acrobatics, interesting show (to get the most enjoyment out of it, I recommend not taking the storyline too seriously).We were in the far back, but center and we still had a great view of everything that was going on.  Oddly we could probably see the acrobatics more clearly because we were higher up in the audience.If this is your first exposure to Cirque du Soleil, this is a good one to watch, perfect for families as well.That said, watching it once is enough, perhaps again in many years I'll try it again, but there's a lot more out there to check out before then and the Mystere show won't be changing much.
4	This had that great Cirque du Soleil feel.  This was our 2nd Cirque show.  First one was at Disney.  Mystere was good, but wasn't quite as good as the Disney show. That being said, the performers put on a great show.  You won't leave this show disappointed.  Great music and theatrics coupled with amazingly talented performers.  There was also some audience participation.  They pulled 4 people up on stage at different times during the show.  Very cool.  They offer a 50% off military discount.
5	We saw this for the first time last weekend.  This is my 3rd Cirque show, I have seen Varekai and Love as well.  I loved it!  This is a classic "Cirque" performance with the main showcase being the acrobatics and talent, as opposed to a solid story line.  They keep it light with all the humor in it and has great audience interaction.  We had middle middle seats and they were good, although next time I think we will do the right or left lower level that were the same price. We got our seats through tix4tonight next to the coke bottle on the strip.  We paid $60ea. The lower right and left were closer and had just as great a view of the stage as the middle seats.  Not really a bad seat in this theatre, unless you are too far back-then you lose the facial expressions of the performers on stage.  Beware of sitting to close to the stage, unless you want to have the chance to be singled out from the 'clown' and be on stage.  Great to watch, but I would not want that to be me :)  The line to get into the theatre is so long, I would try and get there a little early to get into the show before it actually starts.  We grabbed a slice of pizza to wait out the line a bit and missed a couple minutes of the 'clown' running around the theatre causing trouble.  At least the line moves fairly fast, so it's not as bad as it looks.Worth watching!  Especially if you get a good deal on the tickets!
4	This was my first Cirque show.  Tickets are sold in 4 tiers.  The first 2 (most expensive) tiers were sold out so we went with the 3rd tier ($93/each) which scared me a bit because based on the map, they looked to be pretty far back.  Not so!  With this theater, there pretty much isn't a bad seat in the house.  And actually, because a lot of the performance was done from above, I wouldn't have liked sitting in the lower (more expensive) sections.If there was a storyline, I didn't quite get it and I didn't love the music, but to make up for it were the times of laughter and the times of pure and utter amazement.  I have no other Cirque experience to compare to, but these performers are so incredibly (and I mean incredibly) talented.Bravo!
4	I can't give a Cirque show less than 4 stars, but this was definitely the runt of the litter (at least out of the three shows we've seen). Mystere had its moments, but there were far too many lulls in the action. O is WAY more exciting and worth the extra price. Kooza (a traveling show that we saw in Los Angeles) was also better. Still, if you can swing discount tickets, Mystere is worth an evening -- but I wouldn't pay full price.
4	You can't hit up Vegas without catching a Cirque du Soleil show.  We decided to catch Mystere.  Which I have to say was pretty amazing.  A very nice blend of performance arts and music.  I found myself to be rather entertained.  It is a toss up between the baby or Brian Le Petit (funny guy with crazy white hair) as to who the show stealer was.Our seats were in section 203 row JJ.  They were towards the back but right smack dab in the middle.  I thought they were perfect to see all the action Mystere throws at you.My favorite performance was a toss up between the cube guy or the dynamic duo doing stone poses.  Although some poses had me giggling like a little school girl because they seemed a bit risque for two guys to perform.  But I give them mad respect for the crazy body strength these two guys possess.  Mystere happens to be my second Cirque show.  I would certainly like to see more.  Being from Orlando, I still enjoy La Nouba.  So if you are ever in the Orlando area check out La Nouba at Downtown Disney.
4	Pretty Good. Very entertaining.
4	This was my first Cirque show in Vegas.... and I enjoyed it very much!Seats were pretty awesome.  All I could think about was how this show was featured in the movie, "Knocked Up".  Hilarious.
5	This is my favorite Cirque Du Soleil by far.  There was something about this show in particular that made me enjoy it more than the other ones I have seen.  We went to those half off show ticket booths in the morning and ended up with pretty good seats for last minute viewings!My favorite part was the baby, frolicking around randomly throughout the show with his toy ball.  It didn't quite fit the theme of the show in general but HEY! It's cirque du soleil.  Nothing beats out of the ordinary amusement.  The act with the 2 acrobats in white costumes was awesome.  Crazy tricks and balance.  It was suspenseful but good!One of these days, I should get up close seats so I can be more part of the show! :)
5	I have always enjoyed Cirque du Soleil shows, and this time is no exception.This show is mainly acrobats and clown interchangeably performing, giving you moments of tense and excitement, and then sometimes funny. I would say that personally I do not care that much for the clowns, but of course I also understand that you can only have so many acrobats performing, so clowns do occupy some of the time to give you enough "space" in your mind to digest all the amazing acrobats' performances.As a conclusion, I really like this show, and I think anyone should go see it when they are in Vegas!
3	I've seen Kooza and Ovo in my hometown and they were awesome. So why not see the Cirq. while in Vegas. The tickets were more expensive because you had to buy them from the Treasure Island site. Total price for 2 was $237 after tx and fees. The thing i noticed right away was that the performers weren't nsync with their moves. In the previous performance i saw the performers moves were tight. We couldn't really grasp the story. Baby loses her ball? but didn't know how that tied into the other performers they had on stage. The rooster was awesome. The stunts were ok. My husband and I left wanting more and I regretted spending that much money on this show. It's good for someone's first Cirque du Soleil performance but not for those who seen other traveling shows. Also there is no intermission.
5	This is the best of the Cirque Vegas shows we've seen. It was absolutely incredible! These are top notch performers, brilliant music, dazzling sets and costumes... Really, it's an incredible spectacle. I would recommend this one for kids too. I would gladly see Mystere again.
5	What can i say? Mouth Dropping! I would see it 10 more times!Show time: 7 pm I don't want to give away too much of the show however, I don't know how those 2 men do it with all that strength, power, concentration and so MUCH CONTROL! The little baby was hilarious and the dancing was so graceful! I can't believe they do this 2 x a day everyday! Mad props! And on top of that, its been around for 17 years! Not even a Broadway show has done that and it makes me sad, but very Happy to see some sort of entertainment lasting for so long!!If you are in Vegas, i advise you to see this show or you will be missing out!
5	I've seen a few of Cirque du Soleil shows (KA, LOVE, OvO, Kooza), and this show is one of my favorites!!I don't want to give too much away, but this show was jam packed full of crazy acrobatics, comedic skits, engaging music, and jaw dropping strength.  We sat in Section 203 (Category 3), and it was a great view.  Majority of the show is done in the air, so being in the upper section is like getting a front row seat.  The show was entertaining from beginning to end, and two hours seemed to fly by.  If I had to rank the Cirque shows I've seen it'll have to be 1) Mystere, 2) KA, 3) LOVE, 4) OvO, and 5) Kooza.Mystere is one of the few Cirque shows that offers military and student discounts.  50% off for military and 35% off for students with valid ID.  With these discounts, we got 5 tickets for $275!  That's was an awesome deal for an excellent show!!
5	This show made me want to join the circus.This was such a fun show filled with funny moments and some AMAZING acrobatics. I can't really remember the story but I didn't really care. I felt like no seat was a bad seat since they really played to all the audience.It's a show all ages will enjoy and appreciate.
4	Mystere is a good starter for this type of entertainment. Seeing O and jubilee before I feel that those were on a grander stage with more difficulty. My in laws and wifey enjoyed the show bc it is their first. 4 stars bc I notice someone mess up and someone pop out of the snail to undo a safety wire. Also too much walking around doing nothing. Learn that from ABDC. Haha.
2	Several years ago, I saw KA in Vegas, and I was very impressed. Fast forward to my next Vegas trip this summer, and I was excited to see Mystere. My sister received free tickets when she booked a package at TI, which also came with a coupon for free popcorn! We headed to the theater a little early and after paying $20 for 2 tiny bottles of champagne, we made our way to our seats. We were located in the upper part of the middle section on the left side. It didn't seem necessary to sit too close to the stage, as we had a fairly good view from where we were sitting. In general, the show has amazing acrobatics and elaborate costumes and sets. In my opinion, the highlight was the male acrobat who performed stunts with the 3D cube. A close second was the two male acrobats using only each other's bodies to perform acrobatic feats (warning- my immature side wanted to laugh at times during this part!). Besides that, the rest of the show was disappointing. Why? My major issue was the complete lack of a storyline. There was none at all! It was just one random acrobatic event after another. The show had different, recurring characters, which you think might have a purpose, but ultimately, they don't. The second major issue was the adult man dressed as a fat baby. He was not amusing at all, and his constant crying and babbling became very annoying! I found myself dreading the moment he came back on stage, and I would take huge swigs of my champagne just to get through it! That small bottle definitely wasn't enough. Some people seemed to enjoy it, but for me, it got old real fast. I would say skip this show unless you have free tickets. Not worth paying for it. I'm heading back to Vegas later this year, and I'm not too excited about seeing another Cirque du Soleil show after this.
5	I am writing this for those parents looking for stuff to do with kids.  While expensive, this show is definitely worth it.  We took our 4 and 1 year olds here and they were totally occupied from the minute we sat down.  From the pre-show guy going around in the audience, to the dude dressed up as a baby, to all of the acrobats, they loved it.  My wife and I really enjoyed it as well as did our 16 old niece.  Don't miss.  Oh, and there ARE NO BAD SEATS IN THE HOUSE as far as we could tell, so don't pay over the top for seats up close.
4	This show is the one that started me to start watching Cirque du Soleil.  It is a classic.  Not so spectacular as the others but still fun to watch.  If you want something grand go watch the other shows like "O" or "KA".  They are more better.
1	Okay, I have been to about 7 different Cirque du Soleil and this is by far and away the weakest of the 7.  We had great seats -- 10 rows from the center.  The acrobats were okay (I have seen better -- aka "O" and "La Nouba").  The clowns were not funny at all.  Like the other reviews, after a period of time, it did get a bit annoying.  As for the story and display, I thought it was a bit too confusing.  There was too much "going-on" on the stage.  It makes you sort of lose focus.  As a result, I find myself kinda getting bored with the show.  After spending this much money for 2 tickets, I discovered that I was checking my watch every 10 minutes wondering "how much" longer until this is over.  With the "snail" ending (no pun intended --- for viewers who have seen this, they can understand the "snail" analogy), it brought the show to an unfulfilling end.  Amen!If you like to spend good money on a "Cirque du Soleil" show or something similiar in vegas, I would recommend instead "O" or Le Reve.Thanks
3	My third Cirque show, and so far my least favorite. The theatre is beautiful, the comedy is decent, the acrobatics are amazing, the music is flawless.My issue was really the lack of (expected) story line (it's billed as telling the story of the mystery of life). If it were billed as a circus of amazing acrobatics with some random comedic relief thrown in I would have left with a different taste in my mouth.
5	This was my first cirque du soleil show and it was beyond amazing!!! We were in the second row, center section but every seat in the house has a great view!Everything from the singing to the band to the performers themselves were awesome! I love that some of the characters interact with the audience! This show is worth the money! It's jaw dropping with a side of comedy! Go see it! You'll want to keep going back!
5	One word: Breathtaking.I recommend this show for everyone who goes to Vegas. This show had everything from comedy, to love. The story wasn't as obvious as some of their other shows, but I don't think it was meant to be. Its very artistic and full of symbolism. The characters are great (loved the Red Bird) and you can tell they love what they do. I cant say enough good things about it. When I saw this, it was my first Cirque show and it inspired me to see as many of their shows as possible. We even went out on our last night in Vegas and saw KA because Mystere was so good.The next time I am in Vegas, the first thing I will do is go and see Mystere again!We sat in the second row center, and while I loved being close enough to see the sweat on the performers faces, I found myself missing some of the action going on in the back of the stage (focused on the forefront performers). It looked as though the venue was small enough so that all of the seats would have great views, so I would definitely sit a few rows back next time.
5	Magical Mystere! We loved this performance! Music was phenomenal. Elements of humor, mixed with ballet, acrobatics, trapeze and gymnastics. Who knew bodies could bend like that?
2	I've been to all the Cirque shows in Vegas an felt this was the worst.  Best part was the clown that interacted with the audience at the beginning and again toward the middle.  Expected a lot better lighting/effects etc.  Gymnastics were very similar to other shows - saw nothing new, interesting or groundbreaking here.  For the price of tickets i expected much better from a Cirque performance.
2	I saw this in October 2010 and have to say I was disappointed. I have seen other Cirque Du Soleil shows and I have to agree with some of the other reviews in that this is one of their weaker shows. There wasn't a clear theme and at times there were too many acrobats on stage. I was counting the minutes to leave. I couldn't focus on what was going on to be interested. The costumes and set props looked dinghy and old. Whites where not bright, etc. The show just looks dated. Notes about seating: If you are not sitting in the center 1/2 of the theater forget about going to the show. I have never been in a theater where so much of the seating area is terrible!!!!! The stage is very very deep so if you are anywhere on the sides, even center side you miss a ton of the action. They also have actors that stand in the aisles. Of course I had one stand right in front of me.For the amount you pay pick a different Cirque du Soleil show.
5	I absolutely love this show. It is a toss up between Mystere & "O". If you want more for your buck though... watch Mystere. It is actually quite cheaper than "O". It is comical, and incredibly entertaining. You don't want to be too close to the stage for this show. So much is going on that you would have to go back and forth the whole time. I recommend mid level seats. Infact, the far back seats would be better than the very front row. Also, much of the performance takes place dangling from the ceiling. You would have to strain your neck to see it all. The comedic/ intermission actors love to single out crowd members to embarrass (especially the front row).  One of the best parts for me is the full grown, 'large' man in a diaper acting like a baby. (If you speak or understand french, the baby will be even funnier to you). This is actually one of the older Cirque show (compared to most of the others), and I personally think that it is one of the best too. The lighting, the costumes, and the music feels old school cirque. None of this "Cris Angel no magic" nonsense. Make sure to call for specials, because the ticketbooth will sometimes not volunteer the information unless you ask. There are always good deals for locals too.
5	This is an amazing show. This was the first Cirque du Soleil show I've seen and still my favorite. You are transplanted into a fantasy world of magic and beauty, where everything is a fairy tale and reality is blurred. The characters are endearing and the stunts are breathtaking. The whole set and ensemble is such a feat...and the giant snail is just fabulous.
1	This is about the ticketing process. If you buy online you have to wait in same line as the ticket sales so be prepared to wait a long time. I wouldnt do this again.
5	Great show. Well worth the cost of admission. Arrive early. You don't want to miss the pre-show. A vagrant old man pretending to be an usher goes up to entrants, takes their tickets and leads them to their seats. Unfortunately, the old man can't quite figure out where the seats are and leads the unwitting people around the auditorium as a spotlight follows them stumbling over already seated people. Finally, in frustration, the old man throws the tickets in the air, leaving his followers to fend for themselves. In another bit, the old man takes tubs of popcorn and showers the audience. When the actual show is about to start, the stage manager runs the old man off. On the evening we attended, the old man hadn't tossed all the popcorn, so an usher handed my wife and me one of the unused tubs.The actual show is mesmerizing. It's full of tumblers, contortionists, jugglers and aerial artists doing amazing stunts. You'll be enthralled.
4	i dont want to spoil the show like other reviews...so if you want to know about what happens read other review.  I am only going to review my experience.so far i have not found a cirque show i have not loved.  but this one...has fallen a tad short from the others.  I am not saying its a bad show in any way...but i feel other cirque shows are just...more.  this would be a very good 1st cirque show to watch.  any one after will just get better and better.for this one try to get your sets center and a little further back.  row 10 or so should be good.  the theater is a bit on the smaller side so i dont think their really is a bad seat in the house.  a lot does go on the stage and if you are off to the side...you may miss something.  and if you are too close you will have a tweaked neck from staring up for all the high up air performances.
4	Finally got to catch a Cirque show in Vegas. This one is chock full of acrobatics and aerials. My favorite performer was the man with the metal cube. There were a few comedic aspects of the show as well. The baby is hilarious. You'll just have to watch it to understand what I'm talking about. I'd definitely want to catch another one of their shows in the future. I'm a fan of the Beatles, so Love would most likely be my next choice.
4	I really enjoy the athleticism and beauty of cirque shows. This one was no exception. I didn't enjoy it as much as Ka but hey, it was comped so I'm not complaining.
3	Needs a storyline...Some parts are boring, I'm not really a ballet fan.I like the trampoline acts, teeter-totter act, comedy acts.Didn't like the ballet moves, and the random dancing around the stage.This is my first cirque show, hopefully the others will be much better.I did like the lion king show much better than this.
1	Generally, I like Cirque.  Seeing Kooza when it was touring was the highlight of that summer.  That said, Mystere was disappointing.Too Vegas-sy.  They have to cram two shows a night into the auditorium, which makes it shorter than your normal Cirque show.  Add in a way-too-persistent comedy act of an annoying baby ,and the wow-factor is pretty low.Cirque probably knows this; that's why it's the cheapest of the Vegas shows.  But I'd say skip this one, and splurge on "Ka" or "O".
2	As my first Cirque du Soleil show. It was kind of disappointing. The show really needed a storyline. Annoying baby and a wondering snail just doesn't due it. I kept asking everyone else if their other shows were like this. The others are better. Pay the extra money.
2	I wanted to watch this show because it was in the movie "The Hangover". I thought it was going to be amazing or something because those guys kept on laughing and laughing in the movie! However I was so disappointed, this show had no storyline or direction. Why were the guys in the movie laughing so hard? Because they were on drugs. They  had A LOT of shrooms or something because this show was not THAT funny.  I DO NOT understand the point of the giant colorful snail or the giant baby!! Maybe the purpose of the the giant COLORFUL snail was to give people on drugs a good time. It is Vegas, maybe a lot of people were drunk or high or on something because it wasn't FUNNY! .  Ok maybe I'm being a little harsh. It wasn't funny TO ME. You probably don't need to be on drugs to find it funny. But my group of 6 and I weren't laughing. We were staring around at people laughing and wondering what was so DAMN funny?! Instead of Mystere, I recommend "La Reve" or "O".  But if you want to discover for yourself how it is, go to their website to find deals. Also there's been those booths around the strip that sells discounted show tickets. Just make sure you give yourself time to wait in line for them. The 2 stars is for the great lighting and the gymnasts.
4	Too bad this show is in Treasure Island but the show is spectacular! Everything was so colorful, funny, breathtaking, and amazing. I wouldn't mind seeing this show again. My friends and I had seen 'Zumanity' earlier in the weekend and felt like we had completely lost our money so we decided to see and actual Cirque show. This was def. the right pick!
4	my best friend and i saw the show about a year ago. we were out here looking for an apartment and got deal on tickets. figured we might as well have some fun while being productive.LOVED the show!!! the only thing i dont like is i never know where to look during the show! something catches my eye in the center of the stage and something else is going on on the side of the stage.
5	My favorite Cirque de Soliel by far!There is SO much cool and nifty acrobatic stuff going on----you wont know where to look, in front of you or on top or to the sides, just be prepared to have your jaw dropped all night!The best seats are in front, so pay up for great seats otherwise don't bother going!  Seriously you need to be up front to see it all!  We sat fourth row up from the front and were in the PERFECT row & seats!They serve snacks, get there early to see the preshow it's cool and gets the crown warmed up!  Go casual or dressed up but really go casual, I went in my jeans and Chucks and was so comfy!
5	My favorite Cirque de Soilel show! Very artistic, very acrobatic, great music, and great set design. This show has it all - feats of strength, flexibility, and a lot of humor.
4	Great show...don't want to give away anything but only received 4 stars because they allowed children in the theater.  The parents could not man their children and they not only kicked the back of my chair the entire show, I went to complain midway through and management did NOTHING about it.  Also, the kid kept talking and asking questions about "what's next, why do they do this, why do they do that?" and the parents did NOTHING to shut the kid up.  Sorry but when I pay over $100 per ticket (this was years ago), I'm paying for good entertainment.  If i wanted circus circus, I would have just went there instead.  I look forward to seeing more cirque shows!
4	After previewing Cirque du Soleil's Mystere in one of the greatest Hollywood ad placements of all time (in "Knocked Up"), I decided that this show is possibly just weird enough for me to enjoy. And it was. Not just weird, but French, too. Nobody does weird quite like the French. The story behind the Mystere show is loosely-based on an infant's dream about a circus. This premise binds the show together with loose threads of implied narrative, but allows it the freedom to be completely abstract, non-linear, and non-literal. There's no real dialogue, but there's is a healthy amount of artistry in the costumes, lighting, music, and choreography (although there was sometimes too much happening on stage at once to be visually coherent.) However, the show was above all else, about the movement and athleticism of the performers.And the athleticism was impressive. We had front-row seats, so we got to see muscles trembling and butt-cheeks clenching in amazing detail. It's like Mary Lou Retton meets Pink Floyd's "The Wall". I've never seen anything quite like it.In a city full of dubious entertainment opportunities, this is something actually worth the money and the time. (I have less kind words for Cirque's "Zumanity"...a juvenile, potty-mouthed cabaret....review forthcoming.)
4	this is my first cirque de soleil show i watched in vegas! i thought it was cool. a lot of acrobat, artsy stuff, and music that will keep you watching.  if you are into acrobat, artsy dance with deep meaningful music then this is the show for you! however! i felt that it was the longest show ever! my friends and i got seats toward the middle back, it was still a good view of the show.  i wouldn't want to sit to far close to the stage because of the surprises you will encounter! I thought there was a storyline to this -- but i still don't understand what's the storyline... they say 'no flash photography allowed' but i think its more like 'no recording allow' the ushers sure do have a good eye when you take your camera out and aim it at the stage. LOL there were some audience behind me that were aiming their camera at the stage -- and the usher came right at them... it was dark too!
3	Definitely not as good as Ka or O, but not a bad show to watch in Las Vegas.Don't get me wrong, the acrobatics were very impressive. However, the show as a whole was kind of slow... (My mom fell asleep a bunch of times). Also, the little acts between the shows were long, and useless (in my opinion).Anyways, if you are watching a Cirque du Soleil show for the first time, you will be impressed by Mystere. However, if you have seen other shows, I would skip this show and watch something else instead.
5	Mystere was one of the 1st shows I saw when I moved to Vegas in '93.  It opened at the Treasure Island and it was a tough ticket to get at the time.  It was amazing to me back then and I still enjoy it today, although since I've seen it over 5x, it's very predictable....nevertheless, I still like it.There's a nice combination of acrobats, performance, and of course the great music.  The drums are my favorite part of the show.  I always recommend this show to out of town guests as it's one of the more reasonably priced Cirque shows in town.....mostly because it's the oldest and in less demand than the others.Will I return? I'm sure I will.
5	The best cirque du soleil show I've seen to date. Very creative and talented artists!
5	This was only my second Cirque show, but so far, I'm baffled by how people can choose favorites. For any skeptics out there, it's nothing like seeing a filmed show. I grew up watching Cirque in French class, but the live shows are an entirely different experience.Mystere's circle stage ensures that there aren't bad seats anywhere in the house... but if you are invited by the ushers to sit at the front, unless you're a wimp (um, like me) who doesn't like audience participation, do it! Without disclosing too many spoilers, my roommate's hair got messed up, and it was totally priceless :)
5	I have seen this particular Cirque Performance at LEAST 4 times and I absolutely LOVE it I have the CD and the Live CD. I recommend that you get seats up in area 202, 203 or 204 these will place you in the upper middle area in aisles BB, CC, DD,EE and FF. Since there is a lot of activity that goes on ABOVE your head the front row seats are not the BEST seats in the house as you will not be able to get a peripheral of everything going on... and there is a LOT going on that you don't want to miss. TAKE MY ADVICE ON the seating please.It is an odd show, like most of Cirque events but I always enjoy the drums MAN OH MAN!! Do I DIG ME SOME DRUMS OR FLIPPIN WHAT??? Liked it so much that I took up Taiko Drumming after seeing this show I mean they get DOWN on those bad boys (smh) and the rhythm of the performers to the flow of the music is ALWAYS off the hook!Honorable mention I like the rooms at Treasure Island too they are nice and not outdated... or at least they weren't when I went August 09. That's right my review is late but it is still a great show and I wanted to be sure to let you all know about the good seats. Remember this "You never know... if you in the Front Row... you maybe a part of the Show" - that means EXACTLY what it says. If you are not comfortable with being the brunt of routines or getting your clothes a bit messy be on the look out for those areas. Not just Front Row but that whole 102, 103 and 104 section. Respectfully Reviewed
4	Great show.  I would say it fits right between the two Cirque du Soleil's I've already seen.  "O" being the best and "Kooza" the lower of the three.Great combo of acrobatic performances as well as comedic clown moments.  My favorite act was the trampoline one, very cool.  Not much to say as I don't want to spoil any visits here but I'd definitely recommend seeing this show.
4	I've seen two other Cirque du Soleil shows (Love and Ka), which I like better than Mystere.  The acrobatics are amazing, but I wasn't the biggest fan of the comedic moments or the baby.
5	People need to chill, these people worked their asses off and I bet you couldn't go up there and performed any of this, even if you tried (unless you've been a gymnast since you were 5 years old).  Yes, there wasn't a story, but it still had recurring themes and great acrobats.  I thought it was funny, made my mouth drop and had me clapping in the end. The only thing was that I sat at the very front and had to bend my head back in order to be able to see everything.  But, still it was amazing.
5	About 10 years ago we tried to get tickets for O but it was always sold out so we went to see Mystere instead.  That was my first Cirque du Soleil and I've been a  fan ever since.  Now that I have a little one I wanted to bring her and see it through her eyes.  She's only three so she was a little apprehensive at first but she enjoyed it.  The music is very soothing, new age, kind of like Enya.  The costumes are beautifully designed.  The talent and athleticism of these performers are amazing.  The first time I got seats further back and surprisingly I can still see everything really well.  This second time we got really close to the stage and I don't like it as much.  We were only maybe 5 rows from the stage which cause us to look up at some of the acts, my neck got tired.  We could see all the muscles straining and shaking.  Usually really buffed men are not flexible but there is this one act that the two men are not only super strong but they are also human pretzels.  It's circus acts done with a beautiful flare, the music, the colorful costumes and the gracefulness and ease that they seem to have...you will love it.We got our tikets on the same day at one of those "Half off tickets" place and saved money so try that.
4	This is my third Cirque show and it fits in as my second favorite. I wish I could understand the story line, there seemed to be some narrating in French.  They had a weird baby character that poped up throughout the show, she didn't really perform (besides a couple flips on a trampoline) but seemed to be an intrical part of the storyline in the show. The colors and costumes were beautiful- vibrant. The acts were amazing!  Two muscle guys who do an acrobatic act with thier bodies was my favorite, they were awesome, like human rubberbands.  Some performers throughout the show were obviously stronger than others, Cirque "O" does a better job of hiding weaker performers. The "O" show is my favorite so far. I was still thoroughly entertained watching Mystere. This show has a real "circus" feel to it.  Fun and well worth the money.
5	We were just in Vegas and saw 4 shows: Mystere, Le Reve, O and Criss Angel-Believe. Mystere was by far the best! Maybe not the most theatrically intricate etc, but definitely the most entertaining.
5	This is the first cirque show i've ever watched, and far and away my favorite. It may not be as beautiful or artsy as the others, but it is definitely the most entertaining and contains the most acrobatics.
5	So funny! Entertaining. Amazing. and very intriguing! I do not want to spoil the event with specifics! However, I believe that every cirque show is my favorite because they have something different to offer!!! I loved the show! The performers are amazing!! & it is a smaller theater so there are no bad seats!
5	This is it. This is the show that helped spawn my love for all things Cirque. I didn't even know what Cirque was until my father and mother took my brother and I to this show a long time ago in Las Vegas.I entered those doors with an open mind and I left those doors completely blown away. This show, and all shows that come from Cirque are the embodiment of artistic perfection. These shows seamlessly blend music, comedy, story telling, acrobatics and imagination.Seeing these performers jump from pole to pole with thundering drums in the background is something I'll never forget. I've seen this show maybe four times and it never gets old.If it wasn't for Ka, this would be my favorite show in Las Vegas. I honestly haven't seen Le Reve, but I heard that one is almost as good and some people even tell me that it's better.
5	Absolutely amazing! I was blown away with the stunts, costumes, and decor. Although there wasn't really a story line, it was still entertaining and funny. i especially loved big baby and the usher. If you don't want to be a part of the show, sit in the higher sections. Discounted tickets can also be found on travelzoo.com.
5	this show was AMAZING! there were some parts that kind of creeped me out a bit...the baby strollers and the baby sounds before the show and when the guys with the white wigs were walking out of the side doors and just kind of stood in the audience. i don't really know if i fully understand the concept of the show but i don't really care because all the acrobatics and dancing was amazing. the comedy was funny too, i really like how they get some of the audience involved in the show. best part was the two guys doing the hand balancing. FUCKING nuts! those guys were so strong its almost ridiculous. i honestly don't what else to say other than GO SEE IT!! =)
4	3.5 but since one of the character waved at me and gave me a feather... 4 stars for you, Mystere. Maybe the ticket person hyped it up for me, but I had HIGH expectations for this show. He watched over 50 shows, and MYSTERE was #1 on his list. REALLYYYY!??!? Perhaps I've seen a  few Chinese Acrobatic shows before, but the level of difficulty for this Cirque du Soleil was not very high, IMO. However, the story line was funny and cute. A bit slow for me, but overall performance was still above PAR.Note: You can get discounted tickets at the Flamingo Hotel. I got $80 tickets and sat 4th row.
4	This was an awesome show and worth the money in my opinion.The theatre is a large stadium style seating. The stage itself is very nice and well done. Lots of lighting and the music was really good.If you arrive early, they have a little audience interaction with one of the characters. He appears to be an old man, dressed in a tuxedo, there for more of the comedic effect and interacting with the audience. He also appears throughout the show.The big baby throughout the show is also entertaining.The acts itself were really done well. Some of them can be repetitive though. I found myself falling asleep to one of the acts because it was repetitive and the music they had on was very mellow.
3	Disappointing through and through.  Maybe my expectation was too high since the person who sold me the ticket said he has seen 53 shows in Vegas and Mystere was his favorite.  LIESSS!I like the whimsical concept of Mystere but the acts were not up to par for a Cique du Soleil show imo.  Nothing exciting, nothing new that I haven't seen before.  Some of the costumes could be better designed.  The in-between-shows-time-fillers were especially disappointing, it wasn't that funny.
5	Our first Cirque du Soleil experience and we enjoyed it thoroughly.  I do wish the theater seats were a little wider, but it's not their fault that we're wide people :-)We got discounted tickets at Tix4less, and that saved us about $20 each ticket.  The seats were good.  It looks like there are very few bad seats in the house.We loved the show, but neither of us "got" the story until our hotel bellman explained it--it's supposed to be a baby's dream (or visions from a baby's first impressions or something like that).  Now I get it...
5	This was my first experience with this brand of shows, and all I can say is "Wow"! What an intelligent and funny show. They mix a fair amount of humor with athleticism to create a mysterious experience that you are sure to enjoy. From laughing at the big baby bouncing a ball, to being absolutely amazed at the two guys balancing on one another, it's an amazing show. From acrobats in the sky, to people flying over your head, you will not be disappointed. This show is a must see for all people. Now I want to see the other shows!!! You will be amazed and you will be left wanting to see more!
3	Meh.That about explains it the most.  It's Cirque, it is going to be amazing acrobats doing amazing things.  What sets a decent, good and great Cirque show apart is how well it is tied together and the running characters. This one was a bit more or just a series of acts that were very poorly tied together and some pretty bad transitions between the two.It is supposed to be whimsical and seen though the eyes of the child, but I just really didn't get that theme across as much as they should.  When one set of acrobats would end, there might be some little transition where you can see people on stage moving things around preparing for the next group.Everything done was impressive and amazing, there just wasn't much tying it together.  At times I was actually finding myself a bit bored during some of the bits of the show.  Or looking off into other directions where you see them getting ready for the next act.If you like the acrobatics and nothing else, you will NOT be disappointed.  But if you have seen Cirque and seen a show with multiple facets and things going on with an actual story tying it together, then you can do better with other shows.While talking about it, there is also the place the show is in.  The theater at TI, which is a pretty old venue.  This is a classic theater with nothing but theater seating. Zumaity had couches and seats for couples, others have had the tables and waitress service.  This is just a run of the mill theater with tons of seating.  Not too comfortable, not at all romantic.  (Can't even raise the arm rests to cuddle).  The formality of it all just makes the act and acrobats seem more distance and almost movie like. TI really should put some effort into updating the theater.
4	This was the first Cirque show the hubs and I have ever seen, so we had nothing to compare it to.  This is fitting since it is apparently the original Cirque show in Vegas.  We stayed at TI where the theater is, so that was convenient.  I was amazed by each act and definitely thought the tickets were reasonably priced.  A great first show, and can't wait to see more Cirque shows!
4	As my first Cirque du Soleil show, I was very entertained but I expected more. Since I have no other Cirque du Soleil show to compare it to, I can't really say anything negative.I was amazed by the performers and their abilities and found myself "ooooo-ing and aaaahh-ing" many times. My parents bought the tickets so I'm not sure how much it was--but I know that this show is cheaper than the others.
5	Such a great show!
3	It was strange..... hahah.The story reminded me of  "Alice in Wonderland" in which a girl enters a new dimension. The costumes were so beautiful and creative! Hands down to all the talented gymnasts! The best part of the show was the baby character! He was hilarious! Although it was a great show, I found myself getting bored during the bungee and trampoline acts. Everything else was very entertaining. I heard from other people that this show is a bit on the slow side, so I'm excited to watch O next time which is supposed to be more high-energy.
4	Mystere was beautiful, funny, and well orchestrated.  Definitely a great Cirque production.  Don't be fooled by the discount ticket people - - who will tell you there are no bad seats.  Do not sit on the sides or too low to the stage.
2	Just wasn't as good as I remembered.  Not bad, but not crazy amazing either.  Honestly, had I seen the show before paying for the tickets (yeah, like that would happen), I wouldn't have bothered.  I took myself and two daughters for a treat for them and they just weren't floored like I expected.  I have seen this show before many years ago and was really excited about letting them experience it, and they thought it was cool, but nothing they talked about an hour later.  I saw it many years ago and in a much larger theatre.  Maybe that's why I remember it being so much more grand.Not sure I'd do Cirque du Soleil again, even a different show.  This left a bad taste in my mouth.  At $120 per ticket and almost $400 for the three of us, I just don't think I can justify it.  Sorry.  I know the performers work hard, but it just didn't blow me away and wasn't as good as the last time I saw it.
4	Are you supposed to be drunk for this? On drugs?  Well I was neither and man, was it weird! This was my 2nd Cirque show (I've been to 3 now) and my first on in Vegas.  As always, the acrobatics were great and the production set was beautiful.This was by far, the trippy-est Cirque show I've been to though.  The baby giggles and head were so creepy and weird!  Cirque is always beautiful but I get the impression this isn't the best they can do in Vegas either.
4	I'm Saralee and I'm a Cirque addict.  No rehab for me!  I'm  hooked.  Guy La Liberte has been floating around my art consciousness for years, and this company of Canadian street performers turned circus folk is my favorite form of performing art.Surrealism has that effect on people, because it can dredge up reactions from your unconscious mind and affect you in unpredictable ways.Like when that giant baby comes out and squirts stuff all over you, taking you back to child hood or pre language land.I sat in the front row and narrowly avoided the goo, but not the goo-goo.The fun frolic through childhood was invigorating and relaxing at the same time.  Let go of your old tired rigidness, and join the circus crew as they swing through the air, flip, flap and flop through space, juggle, leap and dive in a colorful consensus of the senses.Sign up online at the casino where you want to see the show for various discounts and packages ahead, or go to one of the Ticket Tonite locations around town early in the day for the best discount seats!Enjoy the ride!
4	Entertaining show with immense, immense talent. I always love cirque shows because I cannot even fathom having the skills those people have!!! This show was a little slow in parts so minus one star. But the acrobatics and the flying man with the cube are exquisite and for sure do-not-try-at-home stunts.
2	Not my favorite show on the strip.  I had little expectations from the show and hadnt read reviews prior so luckily my expectations were low otherwise I would have been very dissappointed.  The theatre is nice but you can tell this is one of the older shows on the strip.  Pre-show was entertaining with the show performer running through the audience like other Cirque shows.  Overall I did not think the performers were as good as in other shows.  Often times I was really distracted by how off and out of sync the performers were in what could be really cool acts (the part where they climb the poles".  The whole fat man baby thing was entertaining at first but got really old and annoying really fast.  The coolest act to me was the hot guy with the giant cube, very impressive.  During the big gymnastics part across the entire stage it looked like they just brought in pieces from a local gym that didnt fit the asthetic of the stage or the show at all and took away from the show.  When the final number came up I thought to myself, "that was it", none of the acts really wowed me the way I anticipated and was often bored during a lot of parts (the dancing couple, fat man baby).  Id suggest seeing another show on the strip or check this one out if you get a good deal.
4	I wish I could give this show 3.5 star since I like KA more but don't want to degrade from this show either. If you are a tourist and plan to see only 1 Cirque show you need to see the original. It does not have a plot or a storyline but, it is still visually amazing. The arena that this is held in is a perfect size and has a great view from everywhere. I actually sat front row and it was a little too close. It is fun to watch Knocked Up before you watch this too and maybe get some ideas.
5	You need to go into this with an open mind.  It's a trippy walk into a dream, with the best acrobats, set, dance, music combination you'll ever witness.  There's also plenty of humor mixed in.  I saw this fifteen  years ago and enjoyed seeing it thru the eyes of friends who hadn't seen it before.
5	My first expereince and it was Awesome!!!! My boyfriend came along and at first he kept hesitating on going, saying its kind of wierd seeing other dudes in tight pants and what not. He thought it was just like a gymnastic show. But was amazed and was nothing what he'd pictured, and ended up enjoying the show. Their talent is absolutely amazing. Their customes are crazy looking but interesting.  The show was hilarious and they also interacted with the audience which was funny to see.  This is a wonderful experience and no one should miss it.
5	I love Cirque du Soleil shows and Mystere is definitely one of my favorites.  I love the music, the costume design, the funny filler parts, and of course, all the amazing acrobatic and dance acts.  Our recent trip, we got to watch it front row and to top it all off, my husband got "volunteered" to be the "papa" for the big baby.  I don't remember when was the last time I laughed that hard.Cirque du Soleil is not for everyone though.  Some may find it too "strange" while other are looking for a strong storyline.  It's a dreamlike experience where you check reality at the door and just enjoy the ride.  The acts are not only acrobatically amazing, but added with an artistic flair.  I think that's why I enjoy Cirque du Soleil so much.  It's the whole package.
5	One of the best Shows I have ever Seen.
4	I should probably be fired for falling asleep during a Cirque du Soleil show and this was my first Cirque du Soleil experience.  I'm assuming I fell asleep because during the day I had one of those yard sticks..On a lighter note, I did watch most of it.  It was really amazing.  I couldn't believe how agile these people were.  They were like monkeys, but real people.  They jumped from pole to pole.  They stretched like rubber bands.  They balanced a huge metal 3d outline of a box with their feet!!!  I can't even explain it.Next time I watch a Cirque du Soleil show, I'll drink coffee and not a yard stick margarita :) P.S.I got caught taking pictures twice!  They took away my camera and then my phone.  After the show I had to pick it up and they MADE me delete every single picture.  They even watched me to make sure.  They asked me to scroll left and right to make sure I deleted every single photo and video that I took.  Be a lot more slick if you're willing to take that risk.
5	I loved this show ! i really think this is the best of all the Cirque De Soleil. I digged the music and the acts.Everything was changed up with different themes and equipment keeping it fresh throughout. I really enjoyed this one. Watch This !!!
5	My first Cirque du Soleil show!I was quite impressed.  Amazing acrobatics, very entertaining.I don't think there is a bad seat in the house, though I would recommend against getting seats too close.  Only a minor annoyance, but we were fourth row from the stage and kept having to tilt our head back.  I did not understand the storyline much, however, it does not take away from the show.  My favorite part was the two brothers, what an incredible display of strength.  I will back in Vegas and hope to catch another Cirque show, so I probably won't see this show again.  But I would recommend it those who have no seen it.  It is a must-see, can't miss!
4	I'm sure the show would've been better had we sat further away. That being said, take note and ask for discounted pricings at the ticket booth. Students get 35% and because my buddy and I were in the service, we were able to get our whole party 50% on each individual ticket. Thus, we had no choice but to get up close and personal. This was my first cirque show and it was just as confusing, amusing, and intense as I had imagined it would be. Very interactive and awe inspiring performance
4	This is the only Cirque du Soleil show I've seen.  Overall it was a fun and with the discounted tickets I feel like I got my money's worth.  The show features some amazing acrobatics and other acts that I can only describe as incredible feats of strength (you must see it to believe it).  The show also has a lot of artsy showmanship which I guess is needed so that the performers can prepare between their main acts.  But a lot of the artsy dancing and the little acts with an eccentric ring leader or a man dressed up as a baby do get a little tiring after a while.  The little comedy routines fall flat after watching some great performances.  It's like someone offers you some chopped liver after you had a bite of some great steak.Mystere is a whimsical experience of lighting, music, costumes, and performances.  I don't know about the other shows in Vegas but I cannot imagine how they could be any more entertaining at more than twice the price.
4	Took advantage of a great military discount for last minute tickets to Mystere, and we are so glad we took a chance and saw this show! The acrobats were amazing and the show went at a good pace. I will say that the storyline is a little strange and difficult to understand, but I knew going in that it was supposed to be about a child's first recollections (or something like that) so it was a little easier to pick up on. Honestly though, the real attraction is the performers, and you don't need alot of plot to enjoy their performances. The weirdness did not detract from the show itself at all! Our tickets were pretty far back, but in the middle of the theater, which I think is nicer because you don't have to tilt your head back to see everything. Also, the high price ticket holders get treated to a little pre show fun at their expense, it's totally harmless but most likely slightly annoying to someone that paid a ton for their ticket. Overall a great show, highly recommended for a first time Vegas goer like me!
4	Another awesome Cirque Du Soleil production! I'm constantly fascinated by their ability to showcase so many different talents and change the stage to fit the performances. Personally, my favorite is still O... but my other half says this is his favorite Cirque du Soleil show in Vegas! It has the usual amazing acrobatic talents and included many comedic moments. I was in awe and amazement throughout the show when I wasn't laughing. These people should really go do "Ninja Warriors"...I think it'd be a piece of cake for them.I got seats in section 203 row FF seats 7 and 8. they were awesome. Just far enough from the stage so I can take in everything and perfectly centered.  And if you are male and don't like being center of attention, I'd suggest you don't sit in the front sections.
5	We were in Vegas, and what do you do in Vegas?  You get entertained.  And we did.  For half the price, because we happened to be staying at the TI (http://www.yelp.com/biz/treasure-island-las-vegas#hrid:4RXDQJS6rYI5tHkDKwJUvQ), where the show is held (this prevented us from purchasing the highest-tiered seats, however - see below for details)Firstly, if you aren't staying at the TI, still want to see the show, and/or money is no object, then consider this (or don't).  If you choose the "better" seats - the ones closest to the stage, you give performers the opportunity to include you in the spectacle in various ways.  If you are shy and don't like being the center of attention, or if you have a hard time finding humor in harmless humiliation, then you might want to refrain from choosing those seats.  All of the people who were included in the show when I saw it seemed to enjoy it, and it was certainly humorous to the majority of us watching, but it may not be everyone's thing.This show is very abstract, and the "story line" as some have complained about is actually more of a performance of a concept, which I understood to be evolution based on professional reviews I read prior to buying tickets.  If you aren't able to JUST BE ENTERTAINED without trying to make meaning out of something, then this show - and probably every other Cirque du Soleil show - isn't for you.  It's an artfully done circus, complete with acrobats, gymnasts, dancers, and strangely weird characters.  And these people have been performing this show for 17 years!!  That has to account for something, even if you hate this review and are completely skeptical of my opinion.I was amazed.  My boyfriend who doesn't even really like shows was amazed.  We laughed (a lot), we wondered, our jaws dropped and all in all, we had a fantastic time.  I'm not going to give anything away, but I believe that this show was massively worth our while, and worth the money spent to see it.
5	This is one of my very favorite Cirque du Soleil shows of all time.  It is so much fun.  Amazing acrobats and good for kids!  Music was very cool as well.
2	Perhaps my view of this show is tainted by the other Cirque shows I've seen.1. There is no theme. IMO kind of dum to have birds (a rooster), a baby, a snail, and other whatever-else-they-are.  This is applicable, because most Cirque shows have a theme or some semblance thereof.2. There is very little substance.  I'll give credit to the artists, but I can only pick out 3 things worth clapping for -- the 2 strongmen (absolutely amazing), the teeter-totter people (repetitive), and the trapeze artists (really repetitive.. not even a jump from one side to the other).  Otherwise, the time was filled with interpretive dance, a drum finale, and other acts that were either gimmicks or just not dazzling.  Get new choreographers.3. Lot of gimmicks for no reason.  The baby, the old usher, the moving stage (what was the purpose of that-- during a set it would go up and down for what reason?  Other times I know it was to allow the artists to exit, but really...), the snail, etc.  Perhaps kids would like it, perhaps not.4. The cost.  If it weren't for discounted tickets for staying at Treasure Island, I hardly think this was worth the cost.  I am not recommending this show to friends.Other shows worth seeing instead: Ka (non-gimmicky use of the set), "O", Zumanity (adult humor, topless girls, some gay themes), Blue Man Show, Ovo (not currently in Vegas), etc.
4	This is my second time seeing Mystere.  I had seen it before I met my husband and I know his Cirque taste, so I figured he would like this one.  You forget a lot, it was almost like my first time seeing it.  Like most cirque shows, the storyine is hard to follow, if there is one.  Go see Lion King if you need something you can understand.  You go to admire to acrobatics, which I think a lot of people don't understand how hard it is, especially when they make it look so effortless executed to perfection.  This is a classic cirque show that doesn't rely on Elvis. the Beatles, or water.Do look around for deals.  If you are staying at TI you can get two for one, or go direct to the website.  We got 2 for $100.  Not bad.
5	Ok so here is another from my list of top 5 shows in Vegas!Mystere rocks! Anyone who gives this show less than 4 stars seriously needs to have their head examined in MY opinion. Perfect show for ALL ages, and family. Music is fantastic! This show gives me that euphoric feeling as if wandering through an enchanted forest! Did I mention the music? Yes but I did again. The feeling this show gives me is the feeling of what extasy may feel like. Just saying I would "imagine" that type of magical colorful feeling. As in a "purple haze" moment in time. Anyhow this show is a must see for all relatives and friends coming to town that you want to treat to a memorable show that they will talk about after returning home from Vegas!Great seating as well, the venue cradles the stage like a crescent.I have seen this show twice, once in 2007' and again in 2010' both times fantastic! Seats are comfy too.
5	Took my boyfriend for his bday.  He looooooved it. :) SCORE!!!  it was his first time at CDS and he can't wait to see others.  Suggestion: know the storyline/theme beforehand. it helps. :)  worth the money so see it! :)
5	Worth the money paid!  Seen it 3 times with different people with me each time, all were amazed and entertained well.  Yeah!  I guess after seeing it many times, I come to retire.
1	Cirque Polynesian at the Hyatt in Maui blew this show away. The things they did in that show was amazing. The acts in this show was just plain boring and unimpressive. Majority of the time there were people in weird costumes just prancing around the stage.  It was just bizzaire and I fell asleep after I was done playing words with friends. One of the actor at some point of the show, interacted with the audience and as I looked up I saw him looking down on my phone and shook his head since I was obviously not paying attention. Ha Ha the people around just me laughed.  I guess that happens when you sit in the second row. I would like to add the snail at the end was just weird. It felt their attempt at being abstract just made me lose interest by the second. $275 for 2 tickets. I'm regretting it now.
5	My first Cirque's show and definitely wasn't my last show.I think this one of the "must see" show in Vegas. It's funny, witty, colorful, with amazing stunts. Seats were comfortable and you can pretty much see the show from any angle of your seats. I just wished people in front of us weren't such loud obnoxious drunk couple. They giggled and made comments during the show. I think they will need to add a policy of "no drunktards" will be allow during the show.
3	The better Cirque du soleil in Vegas.Pretty cool.
5	You can view the entire show from any seat in the theatre (and take note, this is a small theatre, so every seat is good) But the best place to be is CENTER, and MIDDLE distance from the stage. I sat toward the side of the stage, and I did miss a few things that I would have been able to see if I was sitting center.**Be warned, if you sit up in the VERY front, you may be embarrassed/asked to come on stage and do things. There were also some victims that weren't SO close to the stage, but in the section closest to the front.
4	I wouldn't go out of my way to see this again, and I'm glad I got discounted tickets for the show, but that doesn't mean it wasn't good. Cirque shows never cease to amaze me. Take advantage of the weakened economy in Vegas (sorry, Vegas folks!) to get tickets at a reduced rate. I have to admit that I couldn't help but remember that scene from Knocked Up while I was watching the show, especially when I went back to my room at The Palazzo with its many different kinds of chairs.
4	Extremely funny and entertaining. Awesome stunts by energetic performers. Nice theater, extravagant stage effects. Definitely meets the Cirque grand expectations. Nice bar (Kahunaville) next door to grab a drink and watch some great flair bar tending pre show.
4	My first Cirque du Soleil show and well worth it. Save money by researching show tickets and take a gamble and sit in category 3. The theater has a fantastic layout and intimate enough so sitting on the sides will give you a great view. Avoid the lower sections near the stage as you will end up with a kink in your neck as many acrobatic performances are up high. Looking forward in seeing O and KA next!
5	I was completely blown away from start to finish...every freaking second of the show had me on the edge of my seat!!!! Absolutely amazing!!!!  Very colorful and simulating to all the senses. Hands down the best show I've ever seen!!!
4	Show was great, but executing by the performers wasn't flawless (as we usually see from performances). Pricey, but what do you expect? Next show will be "O" and I cannot wait!
3	Mystere was my first Cirque show. It is a wild, colorful, well performed show. The acts are impressive; they're performed by true athletes and artists. But, I have to say that I preferred O to Mystere. I liked the storyline better. Mystere is very abstract as other posters have stated, so you might want to research it a bit before going in, so you don't feel lost. I'm glad I saw it. I just wish I knew what was going on the whole time. Still, I am in awe of all of the performers.
4	My husband and I went with our friends as a couples' weekend trip.  We got good deals on Mystere through the TI website and when we got there we were upgraded to the 3rd row up front because they needed 4 people to fill the empty spots.  Can I say the seats were up close and personal and totally awesome!Now I've seen LOVE and Ka, and didn't know what to expect for Mystere other than the fact that it's been the longest running Cirque du Soleil in Vegas.  I must say each Cirque du Soleil has their different flare.  This one is full of many talented acrobats and crazy stunts.  I couldn't keep my off the two  brothers balancing each other, the red bird man who had the most beautiful body, that tumbled like there was no tomorrow, etc.  I didn't dig the whole baby and pregnant baby people and it was a bit creepy to me, but overall it was very entertaining and was sad when the show was over.  If you are in the mood for some awesome acrobatic stunts with live music and creative costume I recommend this.  If you want to follow a story plot with incredible martial arts type of Cirque de Soleil I recommend Ka.
5	This was my first Cirque show and boy was it worth it!  Yes, tickets are expensive (about $100).  No, you probably wouldn't want to go every weekend.  But, totally worth it once!Make sure you arrive early!  There is entertainment for about half an hour before the show.  An old man in a suit would come out into the audience and mess with different people in the audience.  Take them on stage, dump popcorn on them, lead them to the wrong seats.  The audience had a great time watching.  Slightly annoying was the baby noises on the PA that happened for the entire 30 minutes before the show.  We figured out that the theme of the show is that the whole show is supposedly a baby's dream???????  The girl that played the baby was very cute, but I am not sure the story line really added to the show.  I LOVED the acrobatics!!! I loved the trapeze artists.  There were 4 women and 2 men that were attached to bungees to the ceiling and they would alternate between bouncing on their bungees and doing trapeze tricks.  It was really crazy! Favorite quote of the show.  My wife: "So, who thinks up this sh*t????"  Me: "Crazy, French people."
2	eeeeek! I was not impressed....more than that, I was bored for 75% of it. I understand this is a very long running show, but in my opinion any other Cirque show would have been a better choice. As a Cirque show collector, I have to say that I felt like I wasn't much of a fan if I hadn't seen Mystere, so I made it a priority for my recent trip to LV. The seats were cheap, we bought them ahead of time with a dinner package at the steak house in Treasure Island and tried to make the night special for this seasoned show. However, the show failed to deliver in the entertainment arena. The old man that kept appearing was annoying, the giant baby was creepy and gave me nightmares.....the props were unimpressive. I think it's time that this show moves on and something more exciting takes it's place.
2	YAAAWNNNNN......EEEEEEK!!! Zzzzzzz.........My least favorite Cirque du Soleil show e-v-e-r.I can't even begin to tell you what a yawn fest it was.....Was it visually stunning? Sure. But, that was where my interest faded. And what was up with the creepy baby character? For pete's sake if I wanted to see a creepy man in a diaper, I'm sure I could've gone down to Fremont Street and found that for free.
4	My first Cirque show, not my last. We got the buy one get one free with the t.v.deal. We sat right in the middle, which was perfect because so much goes on up above. You don't have to spend a lot to sit up close because mid-theater seats are worthwhile. The employee at the ticket office actually gave me the advice to sit mid-theater for any Cirque show.Yes, the diaper guy was creepy. And of course, the snail was weird, but the whole show was MYSTERIOUS.  I have a vivid imagination, so I really enjoyed the show.
5	This was my and my husbands first Cirque show so I can't compare much, but I have been to see other shows similar and I loved it!!The venue was perfect because it didn't seem like there was a bad seat at all. The show was incredibly visually stunning. The whole feel of the show was very true to the concept. Although at times there was so much to look at that I felt like if my husband and I didn't point out little things to each other we might have missed them. I didn't understand the comedy at the intervals as much but I understand that it was to make time for the performers. I was intrigued from start to finish and we can't wait to check out the other shows that Cirque has to offer.
1	Really wanted to run out screaming several times.  I thought it was just me, but my husband and the couple we were with also thought is was like someones acid trip.  Really, no story line, nothing bringing the acts together, just randomness and really weird costumes.  Thankfully, our tickets were only $50 plus fees came to $65 each.I will say, there were several great acts, such as the two brothers doing the strength/balancing.  AMAZING!!! Truly.  The music was phenomenal, including the special sound effects.  Still, that was background for a lot of very strange things.  A grown man pretending to be a baby and talking baby talk?  Ick.  Hairy legs and all.  I don't want to take away from the performers, since they did their jobs very well, but the presentation is horrible, unless you just smoked some crack.
4	CLASSIC. I remember watching this as a kid, and now I just rewatched it 12 years later. I still remember bits and pieces of it and it hasn't strayed much since then. Being way too young to appreciate the freaky costumes I remember begging my mom and dad to let me go back to the rooms. The fat baby used to give me nightmares as well as those guys with fat bellies that would balance on top of the giant balls. The adult me can now appreciate it, and I have. The fat baby is no longer creepy, just gross, and the guys that can balance on balls are still ugly. But now I have a deeper appreciation for what they do. It must be incredibly difficult to perform day in and day out without messing up. So I commend them. The show in itself started the whole Cirque craze in vegas and really, high flying acrobatics will always take my breath away. Compared to the other extravagant shows like O and Ka, those who watch Mystere might bad talk, but remember.. this is the one that started it all.
5	What a mystifying performance at the Treasure Island. This was my first exposure to any Cirque du Soleil in Las Vegas, and I really enjoyed it! I was amazed how strong and precise some of the performers were. I didn't even know it was possible for a human being to do such things. It was basically an acrobatic performance using vibrant colors with amazing body manipulation.*Tip - Get a few margaritas at the tiki bar outside next to the theater. You will definitely enjoy the show more!
4	This was my second Cirque du Soleil show.  I had seen Ka the previous night.  It was a completely different experience and one more akin to what I feel Cirque du Soleil should be.  The show was a great blend of humor with amazing acts of acrobatics and strength.  Prior to the show starting there was a member of the show who came out and pretending to help guests find their seat, only to screw around with them and it made for a good laugh.  The show itself was fantastic.  A lot of acrobatics such as jumping on trampolines and swinging from trapezes.  I enjoyed the humorous parts of the show as well and there was good audience interaction too.Our seats were pretty good, we were in the upper level, but had a good view of the stage and the acts.  I would go so far as to say almost all of the seats in the house are good except for the ones on the far right or left of the stage.
5	This is my MOST FAVORITE Cirque du Soleil ever. I've seen KA and O and while those were good, it didn't impress me like this one. We all come and expect great tricks done by performers because that's what these shows are about. Mystere offers that AND humor. I laughed almost throughout the whole show. I love the crazy guy that tries to help people find their seats, the "baby", and the guy with the puppet. Every single act was so strong, precise, and powerful. The whole show was of course mysterious so it would help to have a bit of an imagination. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED if you ever get the chance. :)
5	Amazing. Jaw dropping. Incredible. Magnificent. This show was equal parts all these things and more. This was my very first Cirque du Soleil show and I'm hooked. Everything from the music, to the talent, to the visual effects was superb and inspiring.   It's incredible to see people bend and move in ways that seem near impossible. No lie, I definitely threw out a whole lotta "holy F's" and "omfg's". The show has a humorous side to it too with a fat baby crying around and a random old guy in a suit who goes around throwing popcorn at the audience. All in all, the show was breathtaking and visually stunning and the giant snail at the end is brilliant! Go watch it people, I promise you it'll be worth the mulah!
4	My friend and I booked 2 Cirque du Soleil shows in Vegas back-to-back one night. We saw Ka at the MGM Grand at 7:00pm, and then went to Mystere at Treasure Island at 9:30pm. I personally wish we'd seen Mystere BEFORE Ka, because I think after having watched a show like Ka, Mystere kind of paled in comparison.Don't misunderstand me: with Cirque du Soleil, you can hardly go wrong. They know how to put on a show, and you're going to be entertained and amazed regardless of what you see... but to me, I liked the "presentation' of Ka more than Mystere. Ka had a better storyline, so the stunts and acrobatics "fit" well for me. The overall presentation of Ka was more "amazing"... going to Mystere after, Mystere felt like more of a so-so show, even though it wasn't - it was only like that in comparison with Ka. The "clown" was a big part of the presentation in Mystere too, and I've never been that "into" the whole "ha ha/ clown" part of a circus. Ka had no clown: it was a story with acrobatics & special effects, drama, etc. That was right up my alley. Again, don't get me wrong: both shows were good, but for me, Ka was better, and I think I would've appreciated Mystere more on it's own, had I not seen Ka first. It was like having a really good steak, then eating a really good burger.... No matter how great the burger is, up against a great steak, it's not hard to see who the winner would be, ya know? Especially if you're eating the steak first....ANYWAY... ultimately it comes down to 3 questions:1) Did I regret going to Mystere??! NO! I did enjoy it and was glad I saw it. 2) Would I pay to see it again? No, I saw it once. That's enough for me. However...3) Would I pay to see Ka again? Yes!My advice: if you're only able to see 1 Cirque show, and "O" is too expensive or is sold-out, go with Ka... if not, Mystere won't disappoint either. Just DON'T see Ka BEFORE Mystere, or you'll kind of set yourself up for a bit of a let-down, as Ka really is the better all-around show.
4	MYSTERE is the first Cirque du Soleil I watched (Yes... This is a very past-due review)  and this is the show that I blame for sucking me into spending tons of money on performances whenever I come to Vegas on vacation. Since MYSTERE was my first Cirque du Soleil show, the dancing and acrobatics really wow-ed meI was I was absolutely amazed by it.  Actually, I felt like a kid at a circus.  Didn't really pay attention to the story line, but was just amazed at the performance itself.  Overall, it was a fun show!Also... If you are sitting toward the front of by the aisles, be prepared to be harassed by funny characters during pre-show.
5	One of the first Cirque shows I have seen, and it is still a treat even to this day. Since I travel to Vegas on biz a few times a year I try to drop in on a Cirque show when I am there and have seen this one a few times. Since it is a long running show located at Treasure Island casino tickets are usually available, and not as costly as some of the others.The stage setup is pretty different as it is shaped like the letter U and the seats come right up to the stage, or so it seems. Views from most seats are good. When going to your seats there are clowns that perform throughout the audience before the show so be careful - you might get popcorn or water splashed on you!This Cirque show features (as always) amazing acrobats, great music, fun clowns, feats of strenth and balance, and moments that will have you on the edge of your seat with your jaw dropping. The two brothers performing feats of strength and balance are awe inspiring. All of the performers are amazing, the stage sets are like a psychedelic forest, and the costumes are super colorful. Just visually stunning.Definitely a great show to see if it's your first Cirque show. Sit down with an open mind, watch out for the clowns, and be a bit freaked out by the giant fat baby!
4	Wow. This Cirque show has impressed beyond what we've been to so far (Ka, etc).I think the first impression I have is that all the music and singing is live. To be able to synch such with the performers takes a lot of practice and skill.The second best feature is the great feats of human conditioning and athletesism that show through each act and performance. Watching two people balance one another into unbelieveable forms or watching a person juggle a giant 3d style box while suspended is just amazing.So many great performances and acts to be seen in this show. Definitely worth the price you pay to watch.
4	The show was good. Although the big baby is a bit creepy he was hilarious. Unfortunately this wasnt the first show i have seen so I wasnt as amazed as i wouldve been if it was my first show.  We sat towards the middle section which great view. If you are there early you can get dicounted tickets at the booths along the strip.
4	parking is always away from the casino so its gonna be a walk.its a good thing the hotel has this show because its what a TYPICAL Cirque show is always like.If you've seen them on television and you say, that looks nice.  Being here in person is MUCH better.  The acrobats, the music, the clowns.  they all blend together and their timing is perfect.  The decorations, the acts, the people who are watching, everyone is enthralled.I can't tell you more about the show because, I WILL NOT RUIN IT FOR YOU!I have less to say about it, because, There isn't anything about this Cirque that stands out from all the other Cirques, but its still a MUST SEE.
5	This was one of my first Cirque shows in Vegas.  I've since seen them all, however Mystere is definitely one of my favorite of ALL the Cirque shows I've seen, and believe me when I tell you I've seen my fair share over the years.  Not just in Vegas but also the ones that tour in LA, Santa Monica, and Orange County.  I heart this particular program.  The arena its shown in at Treasure Island is perfect.  There is not a bad seat in the house.  I sat in the premiere seating because I'm a seat snob like that, but I remember thinking that it was not really necessary.  Shhhhh.  Don't tell HIM is said that!  I love the music, the giant snail, the funny comic skits, the amazing male acrobats (think they are brothers).  Its worth it to see the show just to see their piece in this production.  The strength and balance they demonstrate is pure power.  These guys were featured on Oprah a few seasons ago too.      Yes, O at the Bellagio is the Cirque du Soleil show everyone talks about, and it is incredible, but trust me Mystere is amazing!  My very favorite Cirque show in Vegas is The Beatles LOVE!   But I do adore the Beatles and that show totally rocks!!   Least favorite Cirque show in Vegas:  I sort of hated Zumanity.  It was a little tacky for my taste, but to be fair, it just was not my type of humor!  My sister LOVED it!If you are trying to pick between shows, Mystere is a winner! xo
5	This was our first Cirque show and rates only slightly behind Zumanity as one of our favorites.  This is a "typical" Cirque show in all it's glory.  Nothing else needs to be said.
4	Thanks to Cirque du Soleil-Mystere, I am no longer a Cirque du Soleil virgin! My husband and I saw Mystere with 4 of our friends (he didn't want to go, but got outvoted). My skeptical husband ended up loving the show, and now wants to see more Cirque du Soleil shows! Our whole group, including myself, absolutely loved the show. At times we were holding our breath or just had our jaws dropped in pure awe of their strength, flexibility and athleticism.We got our tickets from the Tix4Tonight booth (Showcase Mall Booth location) and the wait wasn't too bad around 11am. Everywhere else was selling last minute Mystere tickets for $100+, we got ours for $69, plus tax, etc. Good enough for us!Venue/Seating: The theatre is a decent size, and we got seats dead centre near the very back and I'd have to say...it looks like there really is no bad seat in the house! Even from the very back, you're not that far away. The seats are arranged like a horseshoe, so I don't know what the view is like from the end of the "horseshoe". So I'd actually recommend NOT wasting your money on sitting in the front rows, so you don't have to strain your neck looking up all the time (been there, done that before).TIP: Get to your seats EARLY (like 10-15 minutes before curtain call)....I can't tell you why because it'll ruin the fun. But once you're in your seats early, pay attention to the crowd finding their seats and you'll thank me :)Overall: I loved the show - great for all ages! I gave it only 4 stars out of 5 because I didn't really care for the storyline...I just liked seeing all the acts! But I'm definitely a Cirque du Soleil fan for life now..seeing Totem next!
5	Crazy good... not sure what the sumo-sized baby was for but he was pretty hilarious! If you've ever been to a Cirque du Soleil show this does not disappoint!
4	This is the second Cirque show I have seen, and I love all of them! They all seem to challenge your imagination, and the performers are amazing!
4	I got bad seats on line but when we got there they were filling in a few seats so we got moved up close to the stage. This show was crazy, whacked, beautiful. I loved the old french guy who popped up through out the show. Just loved him. I loved the creep baby who wanted his daddy. Loved the audience interaction. The show is a little trippy but most Cirque De Solelis are. There was so much talent. I really enjoyed myself. Heads up. They have hard core security making sure NO ONE video tapes during the show. They are watching and will find you. This one guy had his Iphone taken. Too bad folks can't just sit back and watch.
5	We love cirque du soliel and think this one is the best. The venue is small so you can see all the performers. Other cirque venues are so large your head is spinning trying to watch everything. We had 3rd row center seats. It was worth the cost although any seat would be good in this venue. To be able to see the performers faces in this show and really see their magnificent bodies move is the best. If you need over the top huge go to another cirque. If you go to see the human body close up perform at it's peak,start with Mystere.  This is something every trip to LA's Vegas should include.
4	I enjoyed this show very much- it has the very impressive athleticism and strange earthy, natural 'weirdness' that all Cirque shows seem to have.  The various show elements, without exposing any surprises or secrets, are incredibly well orchestrated and the humor, as well as mystery, are well incorporated throughout the theme of the show.  The showroom is expansive and amazing, and the mechanics of the set are awe-striking. In my opinion, start by seeing O at the Bellagio, my personal favorite, and if you have time for a second show, give this a try.  Good value none-the-less for a $100/approx ticket.
5	One of the best cirq shows. I've seen it twice. Highly recommended! It has so many visuals and things going on you have to see it a few times to catch everything. It was just as good the 2nd time.
1	Waste of money, I went with 4 friends and all of us were falling asleep.
5	I came into this show not knowing anything about it. And I was pleasantly surprised. I would give this show a 4.5. I ding it on a .5 because this street performance loses a bit of its authenticity when you put it on a huge stage like this and because I have seen many of these types of shows. I am a little bored with them by now because they all do the same tricks. The only difference is that Cirque does it on a scale that is larger than most, which makes it visually appealing and a little different.Some great things:1) Great lighting design - I loved the lighting design. They illuminate the set without making it too bright. This is something that many lighting designers strive to do and they did it well here.2) Everything is very grandiose, but in a nice way.3) Costumes were great and very decadent. I would see it again.
5	Hubby and I have seen most of the cirque shows in Vegas and although this one is probably the oldest it is my favorite!  Tickets are super cheap for great seats compared to other cirque shows like "O" and "Ka".  I believe this is my favorite because they incorporate a lot into the act - there's comedy, culture and of course the great cirque du soleil stunts.  It is definitely a must see!  You won't be disappointed!
5	Amazing AMAZING stunts! Mystere was my first show ever in Vegas, and my favorite one! The story line is a little confusing and being the person I am, of course I have to try and rationalize everything and make it seem logical, but the beauty of Mystere is its mysteriousness. The "usher" before the show starts is hilarious! Don't get fooled by him! There is also some audience interaction during the show although I don't know if that was staged beforehand. All in all, if you're going to pick one show to watch, pick this one! It's one of the cheaper Cirque du Soleil shows and you can try to purchase discount tickets from websites or at the discount ticket counters on the strip.
5	Show started at 9:30We get there..at 9:30 Originally had the nosebleed seats.Got upgraded to the very lower level seats..SCORE. Ended up with seats that had a great view! Also, there's a photographer that asks if you want pictures taken. If you are a couple, which, we were, they'll make you do all these tacky prom poses. In front of people as well, which slightly embarrassed me haha. BUT..I ended up buying a picture. Damnit. The show itself was pretty amazing. There's this "baby" that comes in and out of the performance which had me crackin' up every time! He was too funny :] It's a very affordable show! Definitely check it out when you have the chance.Supposedly Mystere is a lot better than KA..so..save the show for this one!
5	Perfect. I have seen 3 cirque shows and this one takes the cake. I think where i sat played a big role. To date I have seen Mystere, OVO and O. This was by far the best. Seats: I sat very close to the front but off center. This is IMPORTANT, because allot goes on behind you, if you sit to the right or left you will catch everything. Get seats early!!Storyline: This felt like more of a dark story especially with the crying babies in the beginning. I like things with a dark eery feeling. Everything played out nicely and the baby character was funny as hell. Audience interaction was not too intense (but i bet it could be for some people). Acrobatics: Top notch, the only one i have seen that rivals the grandeur was "O" but just because of the sheer scale. I'm gong to go ahead and say it but the most memorable part was the two men in the middle of the spinning 1/2 orb on the ground. Crazy. Moral of the story, go, sit like 10 or more seats in and sit to the side do not sit right in front!! You will have a blast.
5	I've seen a number of Cirque shows, this was my first in 1998, and so far this one is the best by far. I think it was the pinnacle of their creation because they had finally matured and perfected their ideas from earlier shows and their roots integrating them into a magical spectacle of performance, costuming, lighting, color and sound (spectacular soundtrack - buy the CD!)! I think many of the shows but not all created after this were to meet a marketing demand and may have the look but not always the heart. I prefer to sit anywhere in the front rows of the second tier of seats otherwise you are too close. The musicians and singers are set high up to the right and left of the stage. If you bring a small set of binoculars you can watch the singers in detail to the left and the musicians to the right. I listen to the soundtrack and am still in awe. Aside from seeing O, if you are in Vegas, it can only be a good thing to see this show more than once! Circque created an Imax film called Journey of Man also available on DVD which mirrors many of the acts performed in Mystere. In fact it was filmed with much of the cast and in the Nevada desert outside Vegas.
5	90 minutes of pure entertainment!  Some pretty amazing acrobatics and feats of strength in this show.  How do people realize they have talents like these of this show?  The 2 guys that worked as 1, holding each other and balancing each other, WOW!  Its one thing to be buff and strong, another to do the things that these two blokes were capable of doing.  How do you figure out that you are good at this?  Is there a class. cause I would sign up, just for the total control of your body and the strength that was needed.  If you go to this show you will not be disappointed.
4	Ok, so being a fan of Cirque, I hate to admit it but Mystere is definitely starting to show it's age. I remember seeing it years and years ago when it first opened and being awed. It was funny, interesting and weird. All that Cirque is known for. Those crazy French-Canadians are zany. Returning years later after seeing all the new and innovative shows that have popped up since Mystere first opened, it definitely was dated. It was still fun and exciting, but it lacked a certain something that made it pop the first time I saw it. Being the Cirque fan that I am, there is something about old school charm that thsi show has, that still keeps me interested. Definitely worth seeing the original Vegas Cirque show, though.
4	Cirque Du Soleil - Mystere - Treasure Islandhttp://www.treasureisland.com/shows/mystere_by_cirque_du_soleil.aspxWe saw Cirque Du Soleil at the Treasure Island Casino complex on November 22.  We counted seven or so different Cirque Du Soleil events in Las Vegas, but decided on Mystere as it was close to where we were staying.  We had tickets for the 9 of us stage center but near the back for $70 per adult / $35 per child.  The theatre seating is not huge, so there really didn't appear to be a bad seat in the house.  There were some empty seats on either side still available.  The doors open about 45 minutes prior to the 7:00 p.m. start time.  Get there early if you can.We thought the show was pretty amazing in true Cirque Du Soleil fashion with about 10 or so features over the hour and forty minute show.  The show began with many large drums played by drummers lowered from the ceiling.  The focal point of the drum ensemble was a massive drum in the center played by people on both sides.  The music in the show was all live and played by performers from balconies on both sides of the stage.  There were many high level acrobatics on various circus type equipment including the trampoline, trapeze, see-saw, pole climbing devices and floor mats.  There were other sets as well with people displaying super human strength and ability to balance spinning objects (stainless steel squares).A word of advice would be to stay away from seating down in the front sections unless you don't mind being included in on part of the show.  There are paid performers who walk around before and during the show "heckling" the audience that some may consider goes a bit too far.  We had been to Cirque Du Soleil a long time ago (when it used to be at the Mirage) but have not been to one recently until now.  It was very amazing and well worth the price, we would like to see another.
5	One of my favorite shows. This was the foundation to all the Cirque du Soleil shows on the strip. It was the first Cirque du Soleil in Las Vegas. Great performers.
5	I had never seen a Cirque show before and so that was one of my main requirements for this trip.  My boyfriend saw the Beatles show the last time he was in Vegas so I was a little disappointed that we couldn't see that one.  I wanted to see the one in water ("O") but it wasn't on the night we wanted to go.  We went to the half price ticket center near the mall and decided on tickets to Mystere (it helped that it was at our hotel).  I was not disappointed! What a great show! It is amazing how strong these athletes are and how they can contort their bodies/fly through the air so fearlessly.  My favorite part by far was the two body builders balancing each other and contorting around each other.  That was INSANE.  I don't understand if Cirque shows have a theme or not.  What was up with the baby and the giant snail?  But anyway, the actor at the beginning who harasses audience members made me laugh a lot and the entire show was just enjoyable from beginning to end.  I am really glad we went to see Mystere.
5	Stunningly beautiful, nothing less than what I had expected from Cirque du Soleil.Set: The set is stunning, as always! Performers are free to interact with the audience members because doors on either side of the stage open up into the seating area. Arial performers literally drop from the skies and do complex tricks on complex apparatus. It's a very vivid stage, and there's always a lot going on! That's one of the reasons why I actually prefer to sit in the back, because I get to enjoy the entire performance as a whole and see everything :). The stage can rise and sink, so performers (as well as giant snails) can appear and disappear into the ground. It's not as amazing as the constantly-morphing pool/stage at "O," but the stage dynamics are still amazing nonetheless.Music: A little hypnotic, actually almost sent my boyfriend to sleep even though he was very fascinated by the acts. I'm looking forward to watching "Iris" because the score is composed by none other than Danny Elfman, one of my favorite score composers of all time. The live singers and live orchestra are flawless though.Clowns: The baby is probably my favorite clown... out of ALL cirque du soleil shows I have watched so far. He's so cute!~ "pa-pa~" haha... the "PaPa" of our show was a small kid from the audience, and it was really amusing to watch.Acrobats: All acrobatic acts were phenomenal. PERIOD.Dancers: The Red Bird was soooo breathtakingly amazing. His dance technique, performance, stage presence... I was practically in love! The character had a hint of mystery, playfulness, and power all at the same time. La Bella and the Black Widow were played by two very amazing female dancers, and my first thought when I saw them was "dayummm girl, lookit them abs!!!" Haha. I love dancing, so I really loved how so much dancing was incorporated into this show :). I particularly loved how the performers removed their masks at the end of the performance. It reminded me of how human they really are, despite the fact that they took me to a whole other magical world during the show.
5	I had my doubts when I was buying tickets for this.  I was told it was the first cirque show and more acrobatic like an actual circus.  I saw La Reve (water show) before and didn't want anything less than that.  I was amazed the entire show and the colors, the comedy, the acrobatics!  It was entertaining from even before the show til the very end.  It is worth every penny.  I do remember being cold inside, so ladies if you are wearing a skimpy dress ready to go clubbing right after, wear one with long sleeves or bring a shawl!
4	This is one of the more "typical" C du S shows. A nice blend of humor, acrobatics and a touch of the weird.  Several shows have opened more recently that are more mainstream (like Love). But if you want something more typical of what made C du S famous, then you'll want to see Mystere.
5	WOW. JUST WOW. This was my first cirque du soliel show and I was in awe the whole time. Its one of the older shows so I got $80 tickets but got moved up to the front because the theater wasn't full. The set is so cool! Everything moves and people come from everywhere. These people have raw talent. Its just amazing and beautiful to watch. I didn't really understand the storyline but you don't really need to in order to  get the full experience. Oh also, theres a trickster guy that goes around taunting the audience and everyone was laughing and engaged the whole time. GO SEE THIS SHOW!
5	I've seen four Cirque du Soleil shows: Dralion, Michael Jackson the Immortal World Tour, Zumanity and this. I immediately became a fan of Cirque after seeing Dralion, and this, by far, is my most favourite. It does not surprise me people consider this the best Cirque show!Someone called the show "dated". To them, I ask: how?! I mean, I guess if I saw it years and years ago I'd have agreed but I didn't see anything dated at all. Classic, maybe? I say, as this goes back to the classic Cirque. That said, that may be the best thing about the show: it's 90 minutes of pure, straight up, no nonsense cirque fun.I got upgraded to the first row as I was in the nosebleeds, so that was awesome, and as a result, Moha Samedi stared me down several times (though even as a straight guy I will admit he is a handsome fella!!!), the baby threw his ball right at me in the very beginning, the aerial cube dude flew over me several times, the performers dangled over me lots of times, people walked right by me to the stage, and not to mention several of the performers stared me down and stared evilly into my eyes a lot! Which, as you could imagine, added to the fun.seriously, I can't imagine a better Cirque show, and yes I have seen the MJ show which was pretty mind-blowing. There are tons of death defying stunts in this one, including the poles, where people effortlessly glided from one pole to another and swung quite frighteningly to the next- I seriously yelled "WHOA" there. The aerial bungee and swing was by far my favourite of the bunch. Maybe it has something to do with the fact that they dangled right above my head, but watching them fly fearlessly up to the ceiling to that hypnotic music was just gorgeous.The hand to hand scene was amazing too, although you could hear them grunt and groan several times (since I was in the front row), but I can't blame them, my bones would shatter to bits like glass if I even tried to do that! The guy who kept running arond the audience was hilarious too, and I felt sorry for the poor dude locked in the box, as I have severe claustrophobia, so I'd be panicking up a storm there! Nonetheless it was funny as hell though. Oh and those poor people who had their popcorn stolen from them, LOL!!!!This has my favourite soundtrack of the shows too, and I do regret not buying it, but I can fix that with a bit of Amazon.ca when I get home! :)I will be going to see this again when I return in the future. I guarantee this is the best production of Cirque's, and if you were to choose between all 7, choose this first. And check out the merch booths too, as they sell some wicked stuff!Can't wait for Quidam in August!!!
5	*tears* Oh I want to see every show now. This was my 2nd show by Cirque Du Solei that I have seen since 2001. And it was beautiful, artistically well done. The minute you walk in to see the show, it is inviting. The excitement builds. Our seats were 4 rows from the stage. No matter where you sit, you get a really great view of the show. Everyone involved are so talented and by God, FLEXIBLE! It was a blast and I would definitely see every show they have.
4	this my very first show in vegas that i went to see, and my very first Cirque show ever.  Overall, i was very pleased with the show.  i don't want to say too much because i don't want to ruin parts for those who haven't seen it yet, but all i can say about 95% of the show was "WOW" because the stuff they did was absolutely crazy.  between the pure strength of some of the performers, to the flexibility, to just the insane crazy stuff that they did had me in shock the whole time.  the show had a little bit of everything from dancing, crazy acrobatic stuff, humor (actually a lot of humor before the show even starts), and just pure mind blowing stuff.  the one thing that i did not really care for with the show was all the stuff that had to do with the "baby" as it was a lot of baby talk and baby sounds which i am not a fan of at all, but other than that it was a very good showlike i said, i would love to write more, but i don't want to ruin it for anyone so if you get the chance to see it, do it
5	SPEECHLESS........really must see...I can't explain it but all I know is it's worth the money..........BRILLIANT, AMAZING, truly a great experience! Go see it for yourself! I know I sound a bit like an advertisement for them...but I was truly in awe after the show......I've seen like two of the Circque Du Solei shows before and they are always amazing and leaves me speechless. =) My goal is to see all of them! =)The only freakin complaint I have was not at all the show or venue but the couple that sat in the row in front of us....two obnoxious folks that kept howling and cheering like it's a freakin rock concert...ppl you're in the wrong place for that! have some class would yah? and not talk during the show.....they were loud and made loud comments when it wasn't even appropriate....they were the only thing that was annoying me...oh yeah and the kid that sat behind me which wouldn't stop freakin complaining about wanting to go home and asked his mommy when would the show be over every ten minutes.  Ppl don't take your kids if you know they can't sit through a 2 hour show...I paid good money for this show and I don't want it to be ruin by a little kid that won't stop whining....and for ppl to be yelling loudly at the wrong time....I understand the acrobats are amazing but applauding and some wows and ahhs is good....they way the couple cheered was just so distracting and annoying...-_-"Other than that I love Cirque Du Solei! =D
5	I don't really know how to even start but that it is definitely worth seeing.  The show was filled with entertainment, humor, color, art, and just plain breathtaking acts.  I would love to go in detail about everything/show but I find that it would be a spoiler.  I will just have to say that this show will amaze you as it will prove how brilliant and talented humans are.  I highly recommend this show to you with no reservation.  BIG WOW!
4	very nice show. Worth watching! the theater is not insanely huge, thus also the last seats have a decent view. Show is about 1.45 hours and scans through various performances with same theme. Amazing the effects created by scenario and light.Only lack to get to 5* is the price, pretty expensive compared to same show in other parts of the world.Nevertheless, I suggest seeing it!!! :)
3	The acrobatics and stunts in the show were very impressive, but the plot/storyline was a bit fractured and lame. The downtime between the different acrobatics portions were filled either by a grown "baby" or a crazy old guy. I enjoyed the parts with the old guy, including his antics before the show where he kept leading unsuspecting couples around the auditorium to any seat but their own. The baby parts were mostly boring and lame, and they were many... I think re-working this portion of the show would go a long way toward improving the quality of the whole show.Overall, I was not upset that I saw this show, but found myself wishing I had gone to see KA as one of my friends gave it a much better review.
5	My wife brings me tothese shows.  Some are good but this one was unreal.  We see Love tomorrow and if it was as good as this WoW!
4	I am reviewing all the Cirque Vegas shows, so I will add this paragraph comparing each one. I have seen each one twice (and saw LOVE 3 times), so I feel confident in my ranking. My ranking would be 1) Ka 2) Love 3) O 4) Mystere 5) Zumanity 6) Viva Elvis. Ka is the most technically complete, with a storyline, amazing stunts, creative images, stages rotating on axes, etc.  LOVE is the most fun and a very close second place.  O is the most beautiful. Mystere has the best stunts and is most "traditional". Zumanity is the sexiest, but stunts are just okay. And Viva Elvis could be sooo much better.  You can read my other reviews for more info...Like I said, Mystere has the best stunts. It is what you might expect. There are more creative Cirque shows in Vegas, but this one is a good starting point. I can't stand that stupid man-baby, though, that they bring in for comic relief. "Ma-ma"... I still have nightmares about that man-baby. However, most of the audience seemed to be laughing. So NOT my brand of humor, but I guess they need to have time to set up for the next act.   Anyway, if the man-baby lights your fire, then perhaps you'd love the show. But I have a love hate relationship with this show.
5	I have not seen anything like this before. This show is the best show by cirque du soleil. I personally would like to watch it one more time if I get the chance. I encourage every one to see this show. I gave it 5 stars with no hesitation.
5	Love love love. This was my first cirque du soleil show.
5	First Cirque show for me! I had an amazing time here with the bf! Finally something of the arts that he enjoys as well~ I bought my tickets from Tickets4Tonight for a very good price and got to sit in the 2nd row. This was a very good show. The acrobatics were amazing and the performers were all very talented. The clown was the best! If you've never seen a Cirque show, you should see this one first. We asked around about the different Cirque shows. This one was last on everyone's list. Not to say this wasn't a good show. It's just... well it only gets better from here. I hope to see Ka or O next!
5	This was my first Cirque du Soleil in Vegas, i really didn't know what to expect. It was filled with breathtaking acts and humor, very entertaining. i would highly recommend this show! they use the audience for a few acts, i couldn't stop myself from laughing. Take some time off from gambling and watch this show. It's well worth the $60 dollars "military discount!"
4	I was lucky enough to have seen this show twice - once in the nosebleeds and once in baller seats and it was a night & day difference.  I still don't know what the plot is about but the acrobatics are amazing every time.
3	This is tough to review. Before Mystere I'd seen Ka, O, LOVE, & Zumanity. All newer and flashier.If you go in having seen those and not an open mind, you'll be disappointed. If you remember this was Cirque du Soleil's first resident show in Vegas (or anywhere, I think) it helps.If you have only seen the traveling shows or never been to Cirque... Dive right in!Taken at face value: it fun, exciting, and has proper Cirque "Wow!" moments. Definitely worth seeing. The Good: Of all the Vegas Cirque shows, this one probably has the most audience participation (maybe Zumanity is close). If you like that kind of thing it's pretty funny. The Bad: It's showing it's age a bit, but like I said, if you don't let it's big, expensive siblings color your judgement, it's still exciting and worth the $$.The Creepy: Sorry, I know they're supposed to be funny, but that baby is disturbing.
5	AH-MAZING!This show is so fun! We sat on the side and I thought we wouldn't be able to see anything on stage but we could see everything perfectly! The show was amazing . I didn't really understand the concept of it but I think it's one of those things where you have to be open minded!The costumes are great and everyone is brilliant! Must see! :]
3	Kinda disappointing have only OVO to compare it to but didn't think this one was as good. Actually found myself falling asleep a couple of times.
5	Great show! I saw it for the 2nd time on the 15th. And it was awesome as it was the first time I saw it!
5	Wow, wow, and WOW!This show has an amazing amount of variety.  From humor to displays of talent & skill, aesthetics to spontaneity,  it is worth every penny.  I recommend sitting in the upper level, especially over one of the entrances with an unimpeded view.  Enjoy!!!
5	This was my first Cirque Du Soleil show.  I thought it was pretty awesome.  This show was very entertaining and comical.  I think it is worth every penny I paid.  I sat in the upper level and thought I had the best view.  From there you can see everything without being too far away.
5	Mystere gets rave reviews from both my mama and I!  I took my mom here as part of her 50th birthday weekend in Vegas and it was her first Cirque show.  What a great first show for her!  It was my 6th Cirque show and I loved it just as much!  Being Cirque's first permanent show in Vegas, Mystere is pure acrobatics.  The performers do such a great job at what they do, and they do some amazing things!  I can't imagine being able to contort my body in some of the ways they do.Mystere's stage is set up in a way that there truly isn't a bad seat in the house.  We got tickets from Tix 4 Tonight (see review of them separately), but honestly I think there are better deals to be had on Cirque's website if you're a "Cirque Club" member (sign up online for free) and purchase tickets in advance.  Unfortunately, I was booking last minute and the discounted tickets were sold out.  Anyhow, we sat three rows back on the side of the stage and still had great view of everything.  There were a couple times I wished we were seated more head-on, but it really wasn't bad at all.The crowd interaction before the performance was fantastic and entertaining.  The show was incredible and had my mom and I walking out of there saying, "WOW!"  I highly recommend this show if you're looking for a show in Vegas.  Mystere is definitely in my top three in Vegas, along with "O" and KA.
4	Good show! The only complaint I have (for which I deduct a star) with it is that there's too much going on and it's a little hard to follow at times as a result. I came in with an expectation that there might be a story and something to follow, but that's not how it is. The acrobatics are really good, just what cirque shows are known for and there's a good mix of humor in the show. I would recommend it, but I would recommend absinthe over this one if you have a choice.
5	One of the best shows I have seen. It has the complete WOW factor.
5	I loved it.Funny and amazing.I had such a great time. Those guys are so good.Just go and be amazed...
5	This might not be my favorite Vegas Cirque du Soleil show but it is still ONE of the best shows i've ever seen in my life! FYI I've watch Ka, O and love.I bought these tickets from vegas.com for $70 a person including tax and fees. We got category 3 seating near the middle back on the side (section 201 row BB). This is one of theaters where there are no bad seats (unlike 'o' and ka). Since there are fewer seats(smaller theater), all the seats  even the back seats are close enough to view details of the show. Btw you need to pick up tickets at least 1 hour before the show starts and you can only pick these up at their box office (the other Cirque du Soileil shows you can pick up at any MGM box office). This Cirque du soliel is more traditional with some transforming platforms and again.. great costumes. The acrobatics for this show is simple OMG amazing! It is probably the most impressive out of all the other shows i've watched. There were many times where i said 'Oh... My... God... How the hell do they do that?!' The funny comic skits were also the funniest out all the all the Cirque du Soleil I've seen! FYI if you sit in front middle seats, you might get picked on by the funny actors.Overall another MUST SEE Cirque du Soleil show!
5	First of the two Cirque shows I've seen. So glad I picked this one to devirginize me! Everything I expected. More comedy than I imagined.... I think  I was holding my breath most of the show.... I don't go to Vegas to gamble, I go for the entertainment and food. This show is the most spectacular experience thus far! Saw the Michael Jackson Cirque show in Sacramento only wetting my palate even more. Can't wait to see all the Soleil shows!
5	Mystere was my favorite show for a very long time, until just recently losing that title to another Cirque show, Love. Mystere is fun and lively, and will keep you entertained. It really is a beautiful production. I highly recommend it. Get in your seats early and enjoy the preshow. Pay no attention to the photos below, because they do not do the show justice, and are not even representative of it.
4	One of the most amazing shows I've ever seen. The talents are beyond amazing! I brought my 6 year old cousin and he enjoyed the show as much as I did. It's jaw-dropping, colorful, and even funny.
5	This is the Cirque I remember from the old days minus the big top.  Thoroughly entertaining!
4	I really liked this show. There was a little bit of everything. Good drums, great acrobatics, a pretty good story and some amazing aerial feats. I was very happy with this as my first real Cirque Show (saw Chris Angel, but that's more magician than Cirque, still good though). The performers were all over the place,even running through the crowd. I was very glad my girlfriend decided to take me to this show. The trapeze artists were the only thing that didn't quite fit, but overall, I'd watch this again. For a fun night, give this show a chance.
4	Mystere is a lot of fun. Six of us came to watch this show and we had such a great time laughing and being amazed by the acrobats. So much going on, time flew by. We had an age group that ranged from 15 years old to 68 years old and everyone in our group had a great time. It is a very nice theater at TI.
5	At what point did ANYONE ever say there was a plot?!?!?!?  it really bums me out in all these cirque reviews when stupid people ask "WHERE WAS THE PLOT".... It is a Circus people.  They do Circus things, they have circus clowns, all the acts are circus themed.  Have you never been to the circus?  Are you not aware that most clowns are MEN with beards.  And they generally make fun of the audience.  A circus is multiple random acts of circus fun... generally filled in with an MC or a clown.  This show is amazing and it is the original Cirque show in Las Vegas, it is what started it all and showed Cirque they could have 7 shows running all at once in one city plus the 8 other tour, tent, and resident shows around the world.
3	I'm neutral on this one.  This is my 2nd review with 3 stars because 3 stars is normally not helpful - most of the places I've been would be 3 stars and not worth doing a review.  The show was good.  It's a glamorous circus with some impressive performances you would expect.  If you are deciding on which show to watch in Vegas, I recommend you keep looking.  I chose this one because we were staying in Treasure Island.
4	Really enjoyed this Cirque de Soleil show. It was very interesting and entertaining!  First time to a Cirque de Soleil show and I was definitely impressed.
5	I first saw Mystere 10 years ago on a family trip to Vegas and fell in love! This is such a wonderfully artistic show--the costumes, stunts, and music are absolutely fantastic. Just got back from an anniversary trip to Vegas and saw Mystere again and would swear it was even better this time around. We also saw 'O' at the Bellagio, so I will offer some comparisons for those who might be trying to decide:-To accommodate the pool, most of the seats at 'O' feel set back from the stage. I just never felt a part of the show, while at Mystere the venue is smaller, more intimate. You are up close to the action and feel the suspense. This also means you get to see facial expressions, detailing in the costumes, and just how impressive the stunts are. Since the stage is so big at 'O' I felt at times they would have multiple acts going on at once to fill it. You couldn't keep up with everything going on. Mystere has better focus and allows better appreciation of the performance.-Both shows have phenomenal stunts, so it is hard to compare them since one involves water and the other does not. I do not believe the water at 'O' makes the stunts any more exciting, they are just different. I will say that I think Mystere is better at staying on an even level of action throughout the show. They have a couple of slower moments with the clowns, but it is not like 'O' where you have 5 minutes of a great stunt and then 10-12 minutes of boring (my opinion) clown action.-Music at Mystere is a million times better. Period.-Money. You can purchase the best seats in the house at Mystere for 1/2 of what the best seats at 'O' cost. Do you need the best seats in the house at Mystere? No. Do you need lower level seats at 'O'. Yes. Can you honestly go wrong with either show? no way. Cirque is famous for a reason. They know what they are doing and will always put on a good show. Next time around we will be seeing Ka!
5	Simply wonderful! Blew my mind. We came with a group of trapeze artists and having swung on the trapeze earlier in the day, it doubly reminded us of how talented these performers are. Amazing.Its hard to to pinpoint what I liked best. I enjoyed it all! I would love to see it again as there is so much that is missed. Your eyes dart here and there and can't take it all in.Highly recommend.
3	This is my 6th Cirque du Soleil show. I absolutely love their productions. However, this one is my least favorite so far. I still enjoyed the show very much, it is interactive and funny. The music and stage is great as always. But the artists in this show don't seem to be on the same level as the others. On the performance I went to, there were a lot of small mistakes on very basic (basic by Cirque du Soleil standard) moves. I have seen much better acrobatic skills in their other shows. Overall, it is still a good show. But I would recommend to go see KA, O, Zummanity, OVO, and IRIS first :)
2	The show was just okay. The story wasn't very good. Some impressive acrobats.
4	"Woah! What the heck is that?!" "Oh wow, did that just happen?! "How the heck do they do that?!" may be just some of the questions you say in your head, or out loud, as incredible acts that defy gravity and human strength go whizzing past you. I could not believe my eyes through many of the acts. This is my first, and only, Cirque show, and I was enjoying the exciting spectacle. They definitely work for their dollar. Although, it did irk me slightly that they sat people even after the show was in full motion, can't they wait until a proper break in all the action? Anyways, if you want to see one Cirque show in Vegas, this one is highly recommended.
5	I thoroughly enjoyed EVERY aspect of the show! I have been a fan for long time, I used to watch the "behind the scenes" on Bravo needless to say as a first time experience i was extremely impressed! Would love to see another one!
5	After seeing Cirque du Soleil - "Iris" at the Kodak Theater, we decided to see four Cirque shows as part of our Vegas weekend experience.  This is one of my favorite Cirque shows!  Big production, great music, talented acrobats, funny performers...I thoroughly enjoyed every aspect of the show.  Next time I am in Vegas, I would love to see it again!  Of the Cirque shows I have seen,"Mystere," "Zumanity," and "Iris" are my favorites.  Each show is unique, but all fabulous in their own right.
4	Mystere is still a great show after seeing it for my second time and remembering how different some of scenes have changed, but others remained the same as before. In the lobby where we purchased our tickets they had advertised that they had added two new aerial routines.My gf and I decided to see Mystere since we got a discount for staying at TI and it was well worth it. The seats we had were great with them being right in the middle. This is probably the oldest Cirque production in Las Vegas compared to the others, but still a terrific show.The performances of the acrobats, trapeze and entertainers kept the audience captivated through all the various stage productions. The interchanging of the acts and the various joke spots make interesting aspects of the Cirque shows very unique. I have seen quite a few of the Cirque shows in Las Vegas and they are all very entertaining in different ways.
5	BRAVO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!OK If you have seen the show you don't need my opinion, and if you haven't seen the show I wont ruin it for you.  So whats the point of my review?  Besides sharing my insightful words with you in Yelp-land?  Is to tell you what experiences made this show amazing for me,OK, so first.....  As we were walking in to the stadium (late) there was a Tall HANDSOME italian man eying me.  I gave him the eye and smile and darn near ran in the place to take my seat.  Well, it worked.  After the show was over there he was waiting for me (and my mom).  He said he bought a ticket to see the show just to meet me.  OMG!  Well he took us both to a late dinner and drinks.  And I saw him everyday for the remaining of my trip.  After the trip was over we never spoke again, but he swept me off my feet.  And that accent.... Yum.Next, and this is the big one.  So like I was saying we were late.... as we were running to our seats i noticed the spotlight was on.  OK, show is starting hurry mom come on. Oh wait, is the spotlight on me?  OMG what do I do what do I do.  Well i put my head down and try and scoot by the people in my way.  Hey, what is everyone laughing at?  Well let me tell you what everyone was laughing at.  The MC followed me the whole time and pulled a fake bra from behind me.  The WHOLE stadium was laughing and I was ready to cry.  Lol, during intermission everyone in the bathroom kept saying "You are the girl with the bra".  HAHAHAHAHAHAHA It was embarrassing but a once in a lifetime experience.  So go, and be late lol.
5	I won't say too much about the show because it's better to see it for yourself, but I will say that your mind WILL be blown haha
5	One word! AMAZING~!! A Must go!! Definitely
4	I think I enjoyed this show particularly because the tickets I got were SO GOOD. We literally sat in the third row or second row from the front and dead center of the stage. Although it is a round stage, the spot we had in the middle was perfect to catch all the action.Having seen many different Cirque du Soleil shows, I was also not expecting much and figured since I got the tickets on the cheap that it wouldn't be too good anyway. I was totally wrong. The show was extremely entertaining and the story line was actually quite a lot of fun. I highly recommend this, as it is also family friendly unlike some of the other Vegas shows.I thought this show was very solid and a great spend, especially with such good seats!
5	This was my first cirque du soleil show ever so I have nothing to compare it to but wow, it was amazing. I chose this show over the other cirque du soleil shows because there was an online 30+% off deal so the ticket was like ~$43ish for middle seating. Our seats were towards the center of the auditorium so we got a really good view of the stage but the orientation of the room gives any seat a good view since a lot of the acts were in the air anyways. My friends and I were scared we'd be late so we RAN into the auditorium and were escorted to the aisle... only to find out that one of the actors of the show pulled my friend to be chosen as a participant to kill some time before the show starts. All of a sudden we hear wedding music and people cheering. The actor asked my friend to kiss him on the cheek and when she was about to, he kissed her on the lips instead. "The most action I got in Vegas was from an OLD MAN!" It was my bf's first show ever so he was really amazed. WOW, WHOA, OMG were all people could hear if they sat near him. I would definitely suggest this show for the price and quality of the acts. You wont regret it!
5	This was the first time I watched Cirque Du Soleil and I have to say I was in awe.I have always seen the commercials and the little videos playing all over Las Vegas but I have never seen one until last Sunday.First of all, the service is great. They lead you well and are extremely friendly. I paid around $69 dollars for a seat third row from the back. It was quite far, but we didn't mind. Honestly, for this show, I think it's better to get a seat in the back. We were able to get a center seat so we can watch when the acrobats came down from the ceiling.The dancing, acting, and acts were all amazing and beautiful. The music complemented the dancing well and so did the funny acting! The whole audience was laughing and cheering. The stunts were gorgeously performed and the dancing was beautiful.A must see if you're in Las Vegas. Definitely worth the money.
5	Definitely my favorite Cirque show--it is the Vegas original, after all! Super great acrobatics, feats of strength, etc.  Probably the top show I would recommend to out of towners, but definitely no budget-type seats here unless you get a hotel booking deal. I will definitely be back now that I am a local and can find locals deals!
5	Loved it!!!!!  I now see why Cirque shows cost more than a lot of other shows in Vegas.  There were so many amazing things to look at all at once.  It was funny and amazing all in one show!  We had seats in the middle of the theater towards the back and they were perfect, you could see everything. The only downfall was having to walk through Treasure Island to get there, it was very smoky and kind of dirty feeling.
5	I was fully impressed!!!! It was my second Cirque du Soleil show. Better than O! I sat in the 4th row. I'm wondering if it is the reason I liked it so much better than O, in which I sat a section back. I could see everything, all the details, which made the show even more impressive. When you can see the acrobatics and how hard they're all working, you appreciate it so much more. They are truly talented. I wish I could dance like that! They also threw in some comedy, so it wasn't straight dancing the whole time. The time just flew by. It was worth every penny.
5	Amazing!  My palms were sweating, my heart was pounding, and I just couldn't get enough.  My only previous Las Vegas show was Blue Man Group about a decade ago.  At the time I was in high school and a teacher I was with told me that I would love Cirque du Soleil.  He was not wrong!  Everything from the performers to the music is top notch.  Even the pre-show entertainment reaches a high standard.  I was in awe through the entire performance and was sad to see it end.  Overall, I think this is a great first show for anybody visiting Las Vegas.
3	An A-OK show to catch in Vegas, especially when the tickets go for $55 a pop. Granted it's not the closet seat, but the stage is small anyway. It's a very acrobatic show with lots of twists, turns, flips, and more. And it's also very funny! They have a few characters on the show that are just there for extra comedy, so it's not all serious stunts. Definitely entertaining and worthwhile... but only if the tickets are on sale.
3	***Mystere features very impressive displays of acrobatics and talent, but I prefer the richer production values and stronger storyline of Ka***I have not seen many Cirque du Soleil shows--just Ka and now this one Mystere.  The shows were actually quite different.  Mystere seems more like a high-end circus with a great display of athletic and acrobatic feats.  Ka seems more like a cinematic drama with great interweaving of acrobatic feats and techniques (in some ways reminiscent of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon).Both are worthwhile in their own ways, but I guess which one you favor most depends on your personal preferences.  I personally liked Ka more.  It felt much more special and the production values were great.  It also felt like something you would have to be in Vegas to see.  Mystere is nice, but it definitely feels like a show that can be performed in many venues and not just Vegas.Mystere is impressive though.  There is an aerial cube, which shows a man managing a cube with his arms and legs in mid-air.  There was also a great aerial tissu (ribbon) where a female acrobat does various rhythmic poses and moves in mid-air.  They utilized Chinese poles for one act (reminiscent of an early scene from Ocean's Eleven).There was also a trampoline, which was a lot of fun--both humorous and exciting.  I also liked the trapeze though it got a little repetitive.  The most impressive act though was the hand-to-hand poses that two men performed--various handstands, grips and poses (it was probably the most impressive display of strength, balance and flexibility I've ever seen).There was also little comedic acts here and there though I did not think they were that great (the acts were more cute than funny).In terms of ticket prices, Mystere is reasonable.  The show has been around for a while, so you can probably find reasonable prices for Mystere (either at one of those discount ticket booths on The Strip or simply from the Mystere box office).I did not try any of the concessions, but service seemed fine; there was a very long line to get into the theater, but the line moved relatively fast.  The theater itself was too hot, which made the show a tad uncomfortable.Mystere is an okay Vegas show.  There are definitely some amazing displays of talent, but the show got a little boring for me.  I personally preferred Ka because the story was more interesting and the production values were much better (still, there is probably a better display of acrobatics in Mystere).  As I already mentioned, how much you like Mystere will probably depend on your personal preferences, but it is definitely a show that provides entertainment at a good value for Vegas (probably less expensive than most of the other Cirque shows on The Strip).Mystere is located in the Treasure Island hotel and casino.  I believe Treasure Island like other casinos features free parking (whether by valet or structure).
3	I've been dying  to see a Cirque du Soleil  since everyone's been raving about them from forever ago but I have to say this was a little disappointing tonight. I excepted a little more from them since they were soo hyped up. There were a lot of acts in there that I thought were super random and I really didn't get the point of them. Some of acts I felt like were really big wastes of time. I really wanted to see mind blowing acrobatic moves and there were only a handful of those throughout the whole 90min show. I thought this was a nice show for kids since there was a pretty large segment with a women pretending to be a baby.  A lot of kids really seemed to enjoy the baby act. I felt like a lot of their acts were pretty typical. They LOOKED more amazing than it really was because each act was sprinkled with all these random people in beautiful costumes prancing around distracting you from realizing that the acrobatic act on display really wasn't that "amazing". I really did enjoy the act with all the poles and people climbing up the poles so effortlessly. That was pretty amazing. But everything else wasn't that mind blowing. In fact, the show that I watched had not ONE but TWO mistakes. One of the mistakes was during the act where people get launched off a seesaw from both ends. The second mistake was during one of my favorite acrobatic acts, where they swing in midair, do flips, and catch each other in midair while completing all their flips and timing everything perfectly. I don't know if it's because I waited so long to see a cirque du soleil show and therefore I raised my expectations higher than they could ever reach, or maybe it just wasn't their night (since they did mess up TWICE). Whatever it was, I wasn't impressed, since I did have to pay over $100 to watch them. I think I'm gonna give cirque du soleil one more chance in the future. But if I watch another one of their shows and I still don't enjoy it, I think I'm gonna have to just write them off and stop wasting money on them.
5	I've seen a few Cirque du Soleil shows including Ka, O, and Mystere.  I think Myestere's the best one.  The acrobatics and energy of the show is great.  Nothing is more impressive than the hand-to-hand show which features two brothers doing amazing acrobates.  It is breath taking.
4	I love Cirque shows huge fan. Everytime i go to vegas i always see a cirque show. Now i like Zumanity better than this one. but it was still amazing. This is only our second one but well worth it
4	I loved this show.. I can't wait to see O... So looking forward to it. Great seats and paid a decent price. We stood at the TI so it was convient that Mystere was right down stairs. If you are in doubt of seeing it... Believe me.. it is worth EVERY penny!~
3	Compared to Le Reve, this show was boring.
5	LOVED Mystere!  This might actually be my favorite Cirque show.  There was so much action, it was awesome.  Definitely recommended, and not a bad seat in the house!! Actually don't sit in the front row, you want to be toward the middle so that you can see EVERYTHING.
4	I saw this show a few years ago and I loved it.  I've also seen Ka and Zumanity and I liked those too, but I liked the family friendly atmosphere of this show more.  This show has a lot of humor, audience interaction, and audience participation.  It makes you feel like you're part of the experience.  The stunts are phenomenal and it was just an all around good time.  Compared to other Cirque du Soleil shows, Mystere is much more affordable as well.  Check it out.  I'm sure you'll have a good time
4	This show was so amazing. The customer service people who sold me the tickets were nice. Unfortunately, I tried to cancel, and there are no refunds, so I decided to go watch it anyways. I am very glad that I did. The show was so remarkable, it brought me back to days when I was a child and went to the circus. My seats weren't that great as they were on the side. Make sure you get a frontal view, but not too close to the stage or else they will grab you and make you apart of the show.
5	This show was amazing. Unfortunately we had seats that had about 15% obstructed views Thanks to my idiot friend who decided to get cheaper tickets. The parts that I was able t see I loved. The acrobatics are amazing. This was my first Cirque du Soleil show and I was hooked.
2	You will love this show if: a) you live under a rock/ have never seen a cirque or circus show beforeb) you have kids and want to bring them to a Vegas showc) you are currently under the influence of weed, shrooms or LSD Otherwise...you'll be bored out of your gourd!Maybe I'm just jaded, but there was nothing in this show that I haven't already seen a hundred times in other shows. Acrobats, trampolines, trapezes and whimsical clowns in artsy-fartsy costumes...YAWN! I know I sound like a world-weary elitist belittling these amazing feats of athleticism... it's just that there are SO MANY other shows featuring these same feats, it gets boring after awhile.To its (dis)credit, Mystere was the show that started the Cirque infestation of Vegas, and when it first opened it was a game-changer. But the game has long been changed -- and improved upon. These days, there are a number of other shows doing the same shtick in a much more interesting way. Absinthe does the same kind of acrobatics, but is way funnier/ more subversive. Ditto with Zumanity. And LOVE is basically the same thing but with MUCH better music. The only real thing to recommend Mystere over any other Cirque show is that it's totally kid-friendly (SHUDDER!!!) -- there is hardly a non-G-rated moment. It's a solid 90 minutes of wacky, whimsical Family-Friendliness.......which is enough to make a world-weary elitist like myself PUKE!
4	5 rows back, left of center, which I think was better than any closer row as we could see down into the sinking stage better.  The popcorn dump victim was about 10 feet away and we were not victimized for audience participation which I was glad for.  Great sets, moving stage elements, lighting, live music, acrobatics, freaky costumes.  The set movements and action elements really kept the eyes moving all around the theater.  I thought the drumming parts got a little off beat at times, my only negative thought.  I'll see another CS show next time to get more perspective.
3	Cirque de Soleil shows will always be amazing, no matter what. You enter the show knowing that the selection of actors, acrobats, and performers are extreme professionals at what they do. So of course, there were many moments in this show where we were ooo-ing and ahh-ing.My favorite part of the show was the grown-up man that was dressed in a baby costume. It's always nice to go to a show that involves humor. I wasn't a fan of the actor dressed up like Einstein though or the host with the puppet but I could see the majority of the audience loved them.The acrobatic choreography is incredible, IF this is your first Cirque de Soleil show. For me, this was my third (I'd already seen Ka and Zumanity) and out of all three, Mystere was the least impressive. I feel that this show was more steered at incorporating the phenomenon of colors and designs, rather than telling a story or highlighting a specific theme. There are some elements that are repeated too, like the woman performing on the long drapes (they did the same segment in Zumanity).Also, there will be numerous moments throughout the show when you're just raising your eyebrows because you have no idea what is going on. The flow of the different segments performed...has no organization or transition. Occasionally, they'll go back and forth between the baby, Einstein look-alike, and the host with the puppet. But as for the rest of the performances, just understand that it's all at random.The most confusing thing...was the ending. I don't want to ruin it for anyone so I won't state how the ending is. But if you've seen it, you know what I mean. You expect something more amazing or awesome to happen at the end, but my exact reaction was..."THAT's it?!"Maybe I should've just coughed up the extra money and seen "O" instead.
4	Loved it!! The acrobatics are incredible.  There were so many moments where I was holding my breath because what they were doing was so crazy cool and seemingly impossible.  No one fell, messed up or missed a step, although there were a few close calls.  These performers must be top notch because they pulled off so many difficult acrobatics.  The only other show I've seen on the strip was La Reve but I would have to say that I like Mystere much more.  I liked the costumes, the music, and the style of dancing as well. My favorite part was the 2 guys doing handstand press ups on each other.  At one point, one of them was doing a handstand on the other guys foot that was suspended in the air.  My other favorite part was the teeter-totter action.  Two guys would trade off launching eachother high in the air...and while in the air, they'd do backflips and twists.  I used to be a gymnast and I know how much muscle, skill and control it needs to do this type of stuff.  Purely incredible!! We were in the nose bleed seats because we booked kind of late but it was still great.  I think anywhere you sit will give you a good view so don't worry about buying the most expensive seats.
5	We were able to get "free" tickets by wasting some time going to a timeshare thing. This did make up for it. There's always something unusual/odd about Cirque shows and this is no different.Great entertainment. if you go see this, you won't be disappointed.
4	Beautiful show, more the traditional Cirquedu Soleil show. I really enjoyed it, fun, lots of cirque acrobats, really beautiful. Definitely recommend it!
4	I enjoy all of Cirque du Soleil shows and Mystere. I believe one of the older shows It was a good show you see threw a babies dream. I was impressed with dancers acrobatic acts strength acts and the baby was very funny and the host keeps it fun.
5	I love Cirque shows and most of them do not let you down. Mystere is one of those shows. It is creepy with the baby theme. Once past the initial shudder factor, it is jaw dropping. From start to finish, I was left in awe. Just like all of the other shows, this stage is custom built for this production. The flow of each act leaves no down time to catch your breath. The show itself is diverse and has something for everyone. A word of advice, come early to get in line. Otherwise it stretches well into the casino.
5	Loved the show and the 2 new acts!!!
5	I saw Mystere many many years ago, which was pre-Yelp and before I had my own computer since I was like 10 years old. So glad that even this second time around, it was equally as enjoyable and that I can now share how much I loved it with other people haha. Mystere is a solid show located at TI and is a must see if you're in Vegas. Since this was both Jon and Manny's first trip to Vegas... not seeing a Cirque show was out of the question. After booking our tickets to Mystere, we knew we had a good weekend ahead of us in Fabulous Las Vegas. A few things, if you're scared of clowns, just close your eyes. They're actually not too bad in the Cirque du Soleil shows. You'll quickly get over these clowns because the shows are so amazing. This is a mind blowing show and a good starter Cirque show to ease you into the more crazy stuff. If you've ever seen Knocked Up, this is the Cirque show that was featured in that movie... and no, you do not need to take shrooms to enjoy this show.Mystere has a combination of acrobatic tricks, uses of color and a fantastic set that keeps you captivated for over an hour. There is also a "baby" clown and other performers who pop up throughout the whole show to cause some trouble with the audience. There are numerous amazing trapeze and trampoline acts it's like these people only know how to fly. There are also so really cool climbing and body contortionists that you will be amazed. So many of these acts are crazy and you'll wonder how they're humanly able to do some of these stunts! If you find yourself in Sin City anytime soon, hit up one of the Cirque shows! No trip to Vegas is complete without seeing one of them!
5	This is the Cirque show that i would watch again. The acrobatic acts were phenomenal...
5	Amazing show.  Not one of my favorites on the strip, but still worth a viewing.  Obviously since this is a different show from O or Ka, the stunts are different but still Cirque in every way.Discounts can usually be found with this show as well.  O's usually the one where you can't find any.
3	This is the first Cirque show to debut in Vegas back in 1992 and I was excited to get to see it but I already seen Ka before Mystere so my expectations were open and to be honest I like Ka at MGM better but that is a separate review. Just to let you know, this show opened when Vegas was family friendly so it's more child like compared to the other Cirque shows like the water show "O" in Bellagio and the adventurous "Ka" at MGM. Before the show starts, a Cirque performer goes around the audience holding popcorn and starts jabbering at the audience to get them ready for the show. I didn't know what the show was about but was leaning towards "Rebirth" but I could be confused the "O". Another performer comes up on the stage and entertains the crowd and the same jibby jabby guy follows him throughout the show, the comedy throughout the show was mainly for families so I must not be on the same level. What I like about the show was of course the Cirque performers, acrobats and the stage transforming into a different scenes. Also the theater design still had the Pirates of the Caribbean theme to it. The reason for the 3 stars is because it isn't as good as the other Cirque shows I've seen like "O" and "Ka" and maybe soon they'll do some updates to be up to bar with the other Cirque shows.
4	I have seen Mystere twice now, most recently on a Sunday evening in October 2012. My mother was visiting Vegas, and since she had never seen a Cirque Du Soleil show. I let her pick which show to go to, and was really happy she picked Mystere, as I have always considered it the best 'starter' show to introduce people to CDS.We got a deal on our tickets because there was a seasonal special going on... ALWAYS check the web for deals, Cirque Du Soleil typically offers discounts on Mystere tickets to Nevada locals and military; and then also has seasonal specials like the one we took advantage of. You may be tempted to buy the best seats you can, personally I would advise against it. The show takes place all over, sitting in the "best" seats will likely cause you to either miss parts of the show or leave with a sore neck... We sat toward the front of the middle section and had a fantastic view (and extra money in our pockets for the pricey refreshments!).When compared to other Cirque Du Soleil shows, Mystere is a little slower moving. There is a little less of the jaw-dropping aerialist acts and more humor then you would see in other shows. Some of the humor is a little on the 'adult' side, but not too risque, Mystere is still considered child-friendly and I saw numerous young children in the audience when I was there. There are other Cirque Du Soleil shows with better acrobatics, better music, better plots and better stages. So start with the original, and work your way up to the others. Mystere is well worth the cost of admission, particularly if you are able to take advantage of one of the many available discounts!
4	I had been wanting to go to a Cirque de Soleil type of entertainment since we were in Las Vegas and we decided to go to Mystere. I know there are other shows but we figured we would take the monorail from the MGM Grand and check this out. It is located in the Treasure Island Hotel, the line to get in was long but it went by fast.  The girlfriend found some online tickets which were less than the $125.00 box office price so we saved some money there.The performances are floor to ceiling, so expect to look up and down to see the performers act on the floor and  mid-air. The seats were comfortable and they all gave good viewing of the show. I like the visuals on the multi-platform stage with the two surrounding pillars that looked like rock climbing mountain. Each side pillar encased musicians and singers. Musical theme is sorta European techno with a violins, synthesizers and guitars.  The main drummer was all alone with his ensemble of drums, symbols, congos & timabales. The acts were mostly of dancing and acrobats. They had trampoline, trapeze, see- saw and floor exercise routines.  All performers had colorful costumes. I told my girlfriend that this is the place where all of the former UCLA gymnasts end up at. My favorite act was the trapezes with multiple performers doing multiple flips and catching each other. On some acts, there were floor drummers playing large drums and dancers performing to the music. Lots of pounding of drums...I think the show was truly entertaining and definitely worth the money.  Bring the family, fun for all ages.
5	Amazing! I was constantly in awe of the talent of these performers! They put Olympic gymnasts to shame (or perhaps they are former Olympic gymnasts). The costumes were innovative and gorgeous, the stunts breathtaking and the humour... mildly amusing. The concierge at our hotel recommended it as a good Cirque show when you can't decide which Cirque show to see. I had my small service dog with me so they moved us to the disabled seating section. This had an added benefit of more comfortable seats and no one on either side of us. My dog slept through the entire show.I loved that the concession stand had popcorn, as I'd been randomly smelling popcorn all throughout Vegas and was really craving some. I agree with another reviewer who said it's a great "starter" Cirque show.
5	This is def a Cirque show for all ages! There is so much going on it's hard to catch alot of it at times, but it's the colorful costumes that keep grabbing your attention. There are a couple parts where the audience is involved in the show. These aren't plants like some people think as I myself have been pulled on stage once in the 3 times I've seen the show. There's not a bad seat in the house as it is an intimate setting. Prior to the show you will be entertained by the host of the show so keep an eye out for him, he's not hard to miss. No flash photography or video is allowed & they will tell you this at the beginning of the show. If you try to use it & caught your phone gets taken away til after the show & the pictures & video are deleted. I know as it happened to me when I was pulled on stage. Drinks are pricey so if you're looking for a cheap drink, I'd liquor up prior to getting there unless you can sneak in a drink from your mini bar or home.Whether you're a local or not they always have offers going on for this show so ask what specials they have. I've seen tickets go 2 for $99 before. If you have kids it's one of the best Cirque shows to take them to. Very entertaining & worth every penny!
3	Watched a lot of shows, this one was well below average. Lot of mistakes in the co-ordination among performers spoiled all the fun, add to it the rude staff. One of the performer announced at the beginning of the show that flash photography is not allowed, after which people turned off the flash to take snaps, only to find a rude old lady coming up and almost getting physical with them and snatching their cameras- saying photography is not allowed at all. They need to be specific in giving the instruction. No one wants to take a snap of their mediocre show if they are not allowed to, but for God's sake save them the humiliation by telling them. Gamble and lose your money than to watch this show!! Overall Average Performance, Poor staff, overrated
4	This show is pretty great!  As with all Cirque shows, I usually have no idea what's going on, but I like what I'm watching.  They have some amazing gymnasts and parts of the show are quite amusing: there's a magician and an odd adult-baby.  Overall, it's an awesome show to go see.  (Better than Ka, in my opinion)
5	Amazing show! Funny, awe-inspiring, breathtaking. Get there early for the funny pre-show where they come into the audience and interact. If you are staying at the Treasure island Hotel, you get a big discount. And the gift shop is great too... creative duds with the Cirque feel.
4	Don't wait in line. the seats are assigned. just go in with the crowd when the doors open or go in when the crown dies down bc that line is crazy long.  It was a great show.  Very funny! There was some parts that made me want to doze off because of the music and watching people swing back n forth but it was very entertaining.
5	One of the original Cirque shows in Vegas.. and one of the better ones. You don't need to line up unless you really want to because, c'mon, you've got assigned seats. There will be the usual Cirque performer that'll be causing some trouble in the theater so you should probably come in about 10-15 minutes before the show for that. He's fun!There are many different acts/scenes as it moves from one stage to the other and they're all very good. I loved almost all of them and that's usually saying a lot. The baby character is always a nice comedic relief. They do a lot more audience participation in this one and that's always a plus. Love seeing people's reactions and I'm sort of surprised they get away with some stuff, haha.KA is my favorite but this is definitely my 2nd :). MUST SEE!
5	It is amazing. Every single element in the show connected each other. It was thrilled, funny, fantastic. i was almost crying when both men performed incredible performances with out any stuff. It was a crazy performance.
5	This is my first Cirque show and it was very entertaining and fun! There are assigned seats, so there's no point in lining up before they open, but do show up at least 15 minutes before the show to see one of the performers causing a ruckus around. He's actually quite entertaining and fun to watch, he's just there as a comic relief. There is a lot of audience participation within the show, not sure if this is normal for Cirque shows, but it's fun to see the audience participate, as it brings a nice comedic relief at different points.There are many acts or scenes I guess? They are a wide range of acts/scenes and they range from the ceiling to the floor!! There are a lot of acrobatics involved and very entertaining to watch. Some are hard to catch because there is so much to see, it would definitely take at least a second watching to see every bit of it. I would definitely recommend this to others and see it again. =]
4	This is Cirque du Soleil's original act and it was great! There were moments we would just look in wonder in sheer admiration and wonder of some of the performers' strength and skill. Some acts of pure strength and skill, and some of beauty and grace. I had never seen Mystere until now and really liked it. We've seen Ovo, their travelling show and Iris at the Kodak Theater in Los Angeles too which is great.We can't wait to come back to Las Vegas to see Ka, Zarkana, and possibly Zumanity. We did see one guy very very angry after the show for getting showered in popcorn during the pre-performance act. I'm not sure why he and his date stayed through the whole thing if they were that pissed off about it from the beginning and instead waited until the end to say something, they should read the reviews before going in knowing what they will be in for haha. Due your own diligence.
3	Cirque du Soleil has high standards and does not miss on this show.  If you have seen other Cirque shows you will not be impressed by this one as it is the standard mix of high wire, ropes, balancing etc.  The performers are amazing and entertaining but nothing seperates this Cirque show from the pack
4	My very first Cirque du Soleil show in Vegas.  And what a way to start off a new love affair.As usual, I had no idea what to expect entering the theater for Mystere, but that's par for the course.  Each show is so completely different and unique, yet all are completely awe-inspiring.I was in love with the costumes and makeup and marveled at the awesome mastery, strength and grace of all the performers.  Although the story line was a little hard to follow (especially since no known language is used), the plot line translated pretty well and each act was more awe-inspiring than the last.I left the theater on Cloud 9 with my jaw on the floor, and a renewed desire to run away and join Cirque du Soleil as a contortionist.  Words can't really do justice to the visual mastery these shows present, and I cannot recommend it strongly enough to anyone to go and see.  Twice more I've been back to Vegas since that initial visit, and each time I saw another Cirque show.  And I can't wait to go back again and see another.
5	Never being to a Cirque du Soleil before I didn't know fully what to expect but judging by what everyone else had told me, it would be an amazing show.Happy to say it was superb and I'll be certain to see another if I get the chance! It was amazing to see the skills of the performers and it was a great mix of acrobatics, theatre and comedy.Looking forward to the next one!
3	Mystere was entertaining. It was good, just not great. Yes, the acrobatics were impressive, and some acts were amusing, but it simply didn't have that wow factor that I have seen of other shows. I think part of the problem for me was that there were these random characters that seemed to serve no purpose to the show. Additionally, the lighting and music were sometimes overwhelming and gave me a headache. That being said, I think my standards are just high for this type of thing. If this is your first Cirque or acrobatic show, Mystere will awe and impress you, but if you've been around the block, don't expect too much.
3	My parents enjoyed the show. This was not my favorite cirque du soleil show I have seen but I didn't hate it...O  is still my favorite.
4	I've been to a few Cirque de Soleil shows in my day, and this one did not disappoint!Mystere doesn't have a theme, like say Love or KA, but it had all of the elements needed for a truly mesmerizing show (and easier on the pocketbook than most other CdS shows in Vegas).I always suggest that people go on-line to the Treasure Island website (where the show is located) and use the seat view tool.  It is surprisingly accurate.  My husband and I sat in section 203 row FF, and although we weren't in the front row it honestly didn't matter because we felt like we were right there!If you sit on the aisle or the front-most part of any section, expect a little harassment from the actors before the show (when I say harassment, I mean the kind where the actors will make you the butt of the joke, and people will be laughing at you...all in good fun of course).  At our show some guy got a bucket full of popcorn dumped all over him.  Another girl got moved away from her group into a seat all by herself on the front row.  It's always just for fun, and nothing awful...it's what they do at Cirque shows.  Just be prepared for this if you don't like being the center of attention.  :)The show was stunning.  Acrobats will be suspended in mid air, performing all sorts of awe inspiring feats.  You will see seasoned performers doing back-flips, side flips, rolls, and other tumbling phenoms.  There is even a little nonsensical humor to break up the seriousness.  Oh...did I mention this is all happening at the same time?  You won't know where to focus your attention at times because so much is going on!Eat before you go...the concession prices at Mystere make movie concessions look like clearance items.Overall, this is what I would consider a basic CdS show.  I have seen the other reviews people have written where they say this show is disappointingly underwhelming, but I completely disagree.  That's all hogwash.  In my opinion, Mystere encompasses what Cirque de Soleil is all about.Definitely a must see!
4	If you like french circus of the avant garde than this is the show for you. Beautiful music, amazing aerobatics, and some spell binding moments this show will not disappoint! This is not for everyone but the design and caliber of the performers is first rate, so you will be fully entertained!
3	A classic.  My first Cirque show and still a great value and easier to get in if you haven't been to any of the Cirque shows yet.  Worth seeing if you haven't been.
3	I think when I yelped this previously, I was yelping a memory of a really wonderful time in a previous life. Actually I know that's what I did. This is, unfortunately, not my favorite Cirque show. I frankly think it gets drawn out and...boring. It has way more "comedy" than athleticism and story. Athleticism still gets a 5 star rating, but the rest--kind of slow. The first thing that irked me is that I couldn't bring a drink in, even though it was already in plastic. "We don't allow alcohol inside" was what the usher said to me. I took her to mean that it was a family show and there was no alcohol inside at all. So I slammed my Jameson and went in. Ummmm there's a snack bar with booze served up 15 feet away. So they just wanted me to buy their drinks even though the drink I had purchased was from TI. Whatever. The next upsetting thing--no bathrooms inside the theater! What? I'm sure they could have redesigned within the last 10 years to make some potties without having to leave the theater. Harumph.Lastly, like I touched on before, it's just not as exciting and fast-paced as some of the other shows. Like you don't get the real bang for your buck.The drumming bit at the end is the coolest part IMO. There are definitely cool elements to the show, it's just not my fave.I'd skip in favor of one of the water Cirque (or Cirque-type, winkity wink) shows, Zumanity, or Ka.
5	I've been to Vegas quite a few times but have never spent the $$$ to go to a really good show.  Me and my friends chose Mystere based on the fact that it was in our hotel.  IT WAS FAN-FREAKIN-TASTIC.  Before the show even starts, there is an "usher" that is absolutely hilarious.  You'll have to see for yourself.  He reappers in the show as well.Also, these performers are nothing but muscle.  The tricks and acrobatics are jaw-dropping.  My favorite is the guy that uses a cube as his prop.  He is HOT!!! :)But, anyways, you will not be disappointed in this show.  I HIGHLY recommend seeing it when you're in Vegas.
2	Mystere has a few extraordinary acts of strength and balance that will stick with you for years and those two acts alone make this worth seeing, but be prepared for the confusion and yawns that accompany those acts.Everything else is truly bizarre fluff. I felt like the guy from "Knocked Up" watching this, only I didn't need shrooms to feel tripped out of my mind. The comedy and scenes with dialogue were not for my husband and I, and like some others have already stated, I felt bored multiple times. While most of what the clown prior to the show did was entertaining, I myself wouldn't want popcorn dumped over my head and I felt a little bad for those unlucky few who had this happen.What bothered me most was that there was literally zero plot or sense to make of Mystere. I guess that's the gimmick, but it made the show feel like it was assembled of all the acts they couldn't squeeze into the other Cirque shows.My two cents: You cannot go wrong with any Cirque du Soleil show, but this is NOT the one to see unless you have children with you.
3	Relative to Cirque's "O" and Dragone's "Le Reve" this is not a five star show. That being said, this was a very visually beautiful and entertaining show in its own right. Mystere had its residence at the Treasure Island since 1993 and not a shortage of fans throughout the years, despite there being six other Cirque shows on the strip. As most of the other Cirque shows, Mystere combines a mixture of circus skills, dance, opera, music, and comedy. The awe-inspiring performance features a story that attempts to integrate human actors into a seamless whole to capture the complexity that we call life. The story itself is difficult to explain as it intertwines a magical word, exotic creatures and the world as we know it. In short, Mystere is a celebration of life.I did not like that the theater did not have a restroom and you had to venture into the casino to use the restroom. Also, no outside alcohol allowed, but you are free to buy a cup of wine for $9!We had amazing seats, and I was not observant enough to recognize the layout of the theater and if there really were any "bad" seats in the theater.
5	As a huge Cirque du Soleil fan, I have seen Dralion, O twice, Quidam, Ovo, Zarkana and Zumanity before watching Mystere. I was doubtful going into Mystere that I would be amazed since many Cirque shows tend to repeat themselves in terms of acts. Boy, was I in for a surprise.Mystere is one of the funniest Cirque shows I have ever seen! I don't want to ruin it for you but the main clowns are hilarious! The acts are also of high difficulty, and I was impressed even after seeing so many Cirque shows. The stage moves as well so if you sit in the front rows, you'll get to see just what happens! I'm not sure if those in the back can see what happens when a part of the stage descends, but from the front rows, there was definitely a good view.Overall, it was a fun and impressive show. The costumes were beautifully done too along with the music. Oh, there was a ton of audience interaction as well so be anxious to see what happens!
4	I went to Las Vegas last week, and I figured what better way to fill in the after dinner 9PM - 11PM time slot than with a show. I've already seen pretty much all the big named production shows in Vegas, some shows even multiple times even (Cirque Du Soleil's O, Ka, Mystere, Jubilee, Le Reve, Penn & Teller etc). I haven't seen Mystere since the late 90's, so I figured I'd see it again, reminiscing old times. If I remembered correctly, Mystere had a lot going on everywhere, so in order to get the best view, sitting a little farther back from the stage was better. I bought 2 tickets in section 202 center for about $80 a ticket. Not bad for the seats, and price as the view was excellent, especially since it was right in the center! Mystere was made back in 1993 by producer Franco Dragone, with music composed by Benoit Jutras. The same two also teamed up to make "O" at the Bellagio, and also teamed up to make "Le Reve" (non-Cirque du Soleil) at the Wynn. Having seen "O" recently, and "Mystere" almost 10 years ago, I could see Franco Dragone's creative touches and influences in Mystere that shows up in a larger scale in "O". Mystere is like Franco Dragone's baby, and "O" is like the upgraded version of Mystere with water. Franco Dragone must love large stage lifts, as they are seen in Mystere, and also in "O" and "Le Reve" but with the additional water component. (Side Note: Franco Dragone and Benoit Jutras recently made "House of Dancing Waters" in Macao, which from the previews seems like a combination of the best components of "O" and "Le Reve". These two are amazing!). I have to mention, the composer Benoit Jutras is a genius. There is nothing like a Cirque du Soleil show with music that we have no clue what they are saying. The music really adds to the shows. As mentioned above, Benoit Jutras made the music for "Mystere", "O", and "Le Reve", in which I love the music for all 3 shows. I'd say if you've already seen "O" or "Le Reve" or Ka, you might have to think twice about seeing Mystere. If you really like the circus/acrobatics aspect without the flashy stages, Mystere I'd say has the best acrobatics/circus aspect than O, Ka, or even Le Reve. All the performers in Mystere make it look so easy. If your more into the large stages, then Mystere might be a disappointment. Although considering Mystere was made in 1993, the stage still seems amazing even for todays standards for me. I definitely had a good time, and I was entertained for the full 90 minutes. Maybe its because I saw the 9:30PM show, but I was disappointed to see that a lot of seats were empty, especially on the sides.
5	this is the first cirque show ive ever seen and it was just a few months ago.  i heard that they had redone some of the show (not that i would know since it was my first time).  i have no idea what the tickets cost, as it was a date, but i definitely recommend this show!  i think its a good show to see as your first cirque experience.  i mean the entire show, i was in amazement at the different acrobatics/stunts they do.  the costumes were also pretty interesting.  the show itself is in a big auditorium with theater like seating.  you can even have popcorn!  such a great show to see with the family or on a date or with a large group of friends.  there was a variety of all different groups.  definitely worth the $$$
1	I have to admit, I haven't seen too many Cirque shows, but if I had to use one word to describe Mystere it would be DISAPPOINTING!  There was absolutely no story line and the only entertainment was the acrobatics.  Granted, if you see any Cirque show you are going to see some amazing acrobatics, but I really don't think there was anything you couldn't see at a Ringling Brother's show at half the price.  The only ones in the audience laughing at the clowns were the 10 year olds a few rows in front of us.  A few years ago I saw Ka' at MGM and was amazed.  The story had me involved, the stunts and acrobatics had my heart racing.  It was everything I would expect from a Cirque show and more.  Mystere, not so much.  I would not recommend spending the money.
5	My husband and I were told that we needed to see Mystere which is the longest running Vegas cirque show that features the true talents of the performers, so we gave it a try and were so impressed.  It really is a fantastic show!  The seating is stadium style and is semi circle around the stage.  Every seat seemed to offer a good view.  We were in the second chunk of seats away from the stage and in the middle and could see everything perfectly.  If you don't want to be picked on and made a part of the show, do NOT sit in the first few rows.  About 5 people were chosen and embarrassed.Everything about the show was fantastic except the giant baby who opened the show and appeared sporadically throughout.  It was an obese man who dressed and acted like a baby and it wasn't funny at all.  Thankfully it didn't last too long.The rest of the show was truly amazing and the performers are so talented.  I couldn't believe what they were capable of doing.  And there's also a live band and two singers who provide excellent music throughout the entire show.My husband and I have seen so many shows in Vegas and this is one of the best.  I think everyone would enjoy it.  And just a note- when doors open for show time, there is a long line to get into the theatre but it moves very fast.  Use your manners and don't cut.  I had to call out a man who tried to cut in the very front.  And don't smoke in line.  There are people, including kids, standing right in front and behind you who don't want that blown in their faces.
4	I strongly recommend Mystere by Cirque du Soleil for kids. My five year old laughed and yelled in surprise throughout the hour and a half.  Ribbon act, feats of strength, wild trampolining and bouncy seesaws, a very frenetic intro to more linear Cirque shows.  Le Reve is better for adults, as the transitional story pieces in Mystere, while they set up the next gymnastics act, is brain-killing.
5	This is my first Cirque Du Soleil event, ever, so I was extremely excited to go. I don't want to ruin the show for anyone who hasn't seen it but I'll highlight on what really made the show entertaining for me.- Crowd interaction: The clowns tend to pick on the crowd which ends up being really funny. It makes for an interesting experience as a viewer, but if you don't want to be involved I wouldn't sit in the front.- High intensity of the music: Very upbeat music that tends to get you out of your seat and not miss a beat of what is going on stage. - High level of difficulty in acrobats: Pretty much sums it up, they do some amazing acrobatic moves and some you couldn't imagine.Overall, a great show and definitely child friendly. I didn't even want to move because I didn't want to miss anything.
4	Not necessarily my favorite that I've seen (I've seen LOVE, Iris and Ovo) but it had its moments! As my sister said, "I didn't know what I was watching", but I guess that was the point. It was a mish-mash of graceful and beautiful acrobats dressed as animals seen in the Nevada desert thrown in with other random costumed people who just kind of stood there, and bumbling adult babies all at once, in a way that had no order or rhythm. I still liked it though - it had an aire to it that reminded me a lot of Jim Henson's more serious work, stuff like "The Dark Crystal" and "Labyrinth" in tone, and considering it came from almost that time period (early 90s) - it was very obvious from the music, which although really good and charged, felt dated. There were two performers in an act that was worth it, who balanced and moved on each other in a feat of pure strength that was absolutely amazing. Some trapeze, some silk, other things you can see anywhere else, true, but still fun to watch. Some neat stuff done with poles! I always appreciate such talent. The man-baby, I thought, was a fun example of good character acting, as the guy really nails down the movements and characteristics reminiscent of a 1-year old, and the main clown, although the popcorn bit as others have mentioned became a little bit of a tired gag, shined during a bit where he puts an audience member in a cage. If you've seen O or LOVE, you're probably not going to be as wowed by the aura of it as someone who is new to cirque. A good beginner cirque, for sure!
4	All I can say is that this show is just simply amazing. Personally haven't been to a cirque show since I was 11 and actually seeing again in Vegas really is breathtaking. I went to the 9:30 showing,  the lady at the front desk told us to wait around a hour early to get your will call tickets, but what I would suggest is going earlier than that probably around 7-7:30 was the time I went and basically no one was in line. The line to get into the theater was really long and I wasn't really sure where it ended but it really doesn't matter if you're last in line because the line to go in when they start letting people into the theater went by really fast and getting our seats was also breeze.Only reason I would be giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the overpriced snack and drinks inside the theater.  Other than that, if you're anywhere around Treasure Island and are in mind for a show, then this is the one to see.
5	I have seen Mystere twice now with a 6 year break in between and both times it blew my mind! The first time I went I thought it couldn't have gotten any better but when I saw it in December it was even better than I remembered! They added some jaw dropping acts, updated the scenery but still kept the sentimentality of the earlier years. I don't understand how people can say that it has no plot. If you are a kid you might not see a plot but any adult could get the gist of what they are talking about. But I'm not going to spoil it for those who haven't seen it just because some idiots don't get it. :)I have seen Cirque shows 25 times and Mystere will always be one of my favorites. It's also one of the shows with the lower price range so that is really convenient! When my friends go to Vegas and ask what Cirque show to see I always tell them to see Mystere! Keep up the good work, Cirque du Soleil! Congratulations on 20 years of rocking The Strip!
5	Fantastic! To give you an idea of how extraordinary the performers really are, I was shocked to see real human faces under the masks and makeup at the end of the show. Two thumbs up!
5	My husband and I absolutely loved Mystere. It was worth every penny to see this show. It's quirky, it's fun, it's humourous, and the death defying acts will leave you wanting more. We were baffled at the talent and strength of some of the acts. This is a show that is worth repeating. A man dressed up as a baby and another guy acting as a trouble maker help break up the show and keep the audience entertained. This was our most favorite show of our entire trip.
5	Two words... MIND FUKK!!!Straight up the dopest thing Ive ever seen visually in years! I literally had to keep pinching my fiance to keep his mouth closed cause we were BOTH watching this show in awe! We loved it so much we kept standing up after every cool ass stunt to give the people a standing appluaude (which I guess is a NO NO) so they moved us to even better seat where we can stand and cheer as much as we wanted... and we did!!! This is my first Cirque show and I was NOT let down! And was that the baby from Knocked Up? " I am not your BABA!!"Haha.... awesome!
4	I saw this show when it first opened and loved it then, I just saw this show a couple of days ago again and i have to say I still love it.  I see alot of people on yelp hating on this show but i really dont have any idea what they are talking about?  its very entertaining, funny and the stunts were awesome for the price you really cant beat this show...  for 400 bucks really didnt care to much for the for the show across the street that is based on a painting that steve wynn likes but thats just me
4	In 2004 when I saw my very first Cirque Du Soleil show Alegria at Randall's Island NY, my jaw dropped & I got goose bumps! I was completely in awe of the music, choreography, acrobats.......just everything about it was mesmerizing & AMAZING! Since then, I have missed only one of their shows in NY. Over the years, that element of A.W.E. has diminished slightly (human nature- you see a lot of something, it loses its luster just a bit) BUT they NEVER disappoint. Their shows are consistently entertaining & just remarkable displays of talent & imagination, and there is always a new theme.I saw Mystere during my visit to Vegas in January this year.......was very entertaining, especially great for kids of all ages. Good family entertainment. More of a comic element to it than most of the other shows I have seen, really funny.
4	Fun show with a TON of crowd interaction. If you sit in section 103, right in front of the stage and along the edges, there's at least a 70% chance you'll interact with a performer. At least four people from my show went home with epic stories of "being in Mystere."I don't go to Cirque shows expecting a story, and while I know some have them, I couldn't suss out what this one was (if it existed at all). It mostly comes across as circus acts, which is really all you need. Some parts happen right above you, so if you're close to the stage, it can strain your neck. However, if you're close to the stage, you can see down into the inner-workings, which was a really cool and unexpected feature. I've now seen Mystere and Zarkana - if you want to see a Cirque show that makes you laugh and feel a part of it, I'd recommend Mystere over Zarkana. If you're looking for the acts that really make you worried for performer safety? Maybe think about a different show.
5	We just saw this show on 6/1 and it was great! My boyfriend and I were apart of the show towards the end which made it even greater of a show (I thought it was odd we were the only people in our row!!).  My boyfriend got taken up on stage and put in a box and one of the main guys came and sat next to me! Even before the show starts they have a guy interact with the audience, taking people's tickets and making them walk all around the theater to find their "seats".  We got these tickets through a Groupon deal that included a two night stay and Treasure Island and two show tickets.  We sat in the second row and during some of the acrobatic preformances, we were right in the action!  I would 100% recommend this show to anyone!
2	I've been to a few Cirque du Soleil shows and at this point, they're pretty much the same to me and this one was the worst one. I fell asleep for a bit also. I wish I would've gone to see something else, but now I know. I don't recommend seeing this if you've seen other cirque shows. However, if its your first time, I think you'll have a great experience. The theatre is great with great seating all around.
5	What an incredible show! A great mix of comedy, dancing, music and acrobatics. Great audience participation. These performers are simply brilliant. I have never said holy crap so many times watching a performance. You will be completely entertained. The show is fantastic!!!
5	I might be the only person on the planet who thinks this, but I really disliked "O" and "Ka." I really could give two you-know-what's about the stage mechanics, so O and Ka were VERY boring to me. I complained afterward about a lack of actual acrobatics and body-centered feats, and my companions said "then you should see Mystere". So I did.And yeah, it's the best. This is the show for those who really just want to see people do amazing things with minimal props, and an admittedly effed up "plot". If you've seen "Knocked Up" this is the show they go see when they're both on mushrooms, and yeah, even if you're sober you'll feel pretty screwed up when the giant snail comes on stage for NO REASON. But, I loved it anyway. The emphasis is (99% of the time) on the performers, who do incredible, incredible things with their own strength and flexibility. I really don't think that having a less dynamic stage makes the "show" any less. To me, Cirque at its core should be about the performers, and I prefer having less "aid" from the stage and effects. That lets the performers shine and I think that's much more important. It's probably not for everyone, but I love it, and I think it's a great show for families, because the mix of humor is just the right amount of kid-humor with "the kid won't get it" humor. I also think the audience participation in this show is the most authentic; they actually do things and it really adds a dynamic element to the show. To me, I could see this show every time I'm in Vegas and still love it; it's definitely telling when you can feel the whole multi-thousand audience holding its breath. That was something I never felt once at O or Ka.
5	I'm a big fan of the Cirque du Soleil shows and have seen over 10 of them, not one of them a disappointment.  After watching this show, Mystere is now one of my favorite Cirque du Soleil shows.  The stunts they pulled and the acrobatics were amazing!  The most incredible part of the show was when two men were showing us how much the human body is really capable of.  The cast was incredible talented and performed flawlessly.  If you're into acrobatics and want to see how crazy gracefully flexible and strong the human body is, you can't miss this show!   Is it expensive?  It can be?  Is it worth it?  Hell yes!
5	AMAZING. this was my first ever Cirque du Soleil show ever and I was so impressed!! There was a ton of interaction with the crowd which I wasn't expecting and it seems like every seat in the place is a good one! There was live music playing the entire time along with the show which set a sweet vibe throughout the night. I didn't understand if there was a storyline to go with the show, but either way it was still silly and high action and perfect for the ADHD- Always something to look at!!! The stunts were incredible and kept me interested literally the entire time. I can't believe humans can do some of that stuff!!!Go see it - you won't be disappointed. Worth every penny!
3	Great acrobatics, but weird story.  It is worth seeing once, not sure I would go back unless I score a locals deal.
5	Mystere is everything you look for in a Cirque show. It's got a hilarious warm up guy (hobo clown in a tux, stealing popcorn from people, throwing it everywhere, leading unsuspecting guests to the wrong seats and then kicking others out) and fantastic feats of strength. Every act was so good, but I didn't understand the gigantic snail that popped up in the middle of the show and at the end. I feel like I should have been on something to appreciate that. And by the way, the gigantic baby performer is merely an interlude for when the performers have to change sets and stuff. Yes, it's weird, but this is Cirque du Soleil.
5	Mystere is my fourth Cirque show that I've seen.  Ka in my opinion is a bit better...on performance...the act is more daring...storyline....and three theater is just amazing.  Still the show is magnificent.
4	This is my third Cirque show after "Love" and "O".  Another great show!  The acrobats, the movable stage, the lights, the CD quality live band and singing, the huge SNAIL? (wow, 'talk about something random).  Although I must say, my all-time favorite so far is "Love".  Nevertheless, this show delivers and it's impossible to put in words the sensory overload and visual effects.  How does one come up with this stuff?  And who came up with the huge snail idea?  This show was also funny at the expense of a few audience members seated in the front sections.  Without giving anything away,  let's just say that  I almost felt sorry for some of them, but better them than me.  I was also seated in the front/middle section and sometimes felt like I would be selected as one of the unfortunate ones.  Thankfully I wasn't.  If I were to see this show again I'd opt for seating further back, but that will never happen.  'Time to move on.
5	I went to the show July 8 and had a great time.  This was my first time seeing a cirque du soleil show and boy was it amazing.  The seating and venue was very comfortable and family friendly.  I enjoyed it all!
5	This was the first Cirque du Soleil show i've seen, and I wasn't sure what to expect. It was amazing. The music and acrobats were fantastic. There was a lot of humour, which I didn't expect, but it was a pleasant surprise. It was a little weird and not much of a storyline, but kept me entertained the entire time. Definitely would see another show again.
3	Good acrobatics but I saw other Cirque shows before and this one comes up short. It's weird man. I like weird but this show is weird. Not sure if there was a storyline or point. And the music is terrifying. Many awkward pauses in between acts. Needs makeover.
5	This was my first Cirque du Soleil show and it incorporated many amusing acts.  There were tons of acrobats, crowd interaction.  The whole show is a complete mindf***.  Overall it did not disappoint at all.
5	Great show, we were in the very back and still awesome seats! The only down side is when they speak its a little hard to hear, but we are there for the acts. Awesome show for the price.
4	Very entertaining show, although something of a mystery as to why a giant baby reoccurs throughout the show. Outstanding acrobatics and strength and grace are amazing.
5	We had amazing seats and the show was freaking awesome.  We have seen over 7 Cirque shows probably more than that.  This one was exciting and breathtaking.
5	I have seen this show 4 times.  It is fun and the performers are amazing and so talented.  If you can only see on Cirque Du Soleil in LV, this is the one to see.  ...and it  is reasonably priced for front section seats.
5	From reading other reviews, you'll think this is meh if you like more elaborate shows (with plots or water or whatever), but if you're into high-level acrobatics and feats with somewhat lower production values, this show is for you. O may be a bigger spectacle, but where physical stunts are concerned, Mystere's still got it beat. I've seen this show probably around 10 times (in one instance we saw it around Christmas, and after returning home, felt like seeing it again so much that we returned for New Years). You might wonder why I don't get bored then of the clown routine (which is usually the same depending on how easy the audience is to pick on) or any of the acts. I simply can't. It might be because it's the least theatrical of the Cirques, with the premise being a very broad origins of man kind of theme. And after seeing it so many times, it's almost like we're in on the joke. There's still lots to anticipate, like when a super-F.O.B. walks in and you start smirking because you knows he's easy prey. But it is absolute perfection of the human form. It's mind-bendingly beautiful. How anyone can get bored with the sheer athleticism onstage is beyond me. I live for the five seconds the baby girl gets on the power track and does back flips in place at warp-speed. It's the most purely-acrobatic of the shows (Zarkana being a throwback to this theme). And the music! It's probably my favorite Cirque soundtrack (the fusion-jazz-rockiest of the lot). You know what else I love? The two new acts they added replaced the two slowest acts they previously had. I love when shows or businesses know what to fix. Entertainment in its most concentrated form. I don't understand reviews saying it's slow--it's quicker paced than O or Love (I mean, O is serenely beautiful but there are some portions with unbearably long buildup with a payoff not worth the wait). Mystere's been around for over two decades now--and I hope it continues for much longer. *Updated: in the past few Mystere's I've seen since the death of the Ka performer, it seems they've truncated or cut some acts--I wonder if this is a permanent development?
1	What a waste of money!  The music is so boarding that my boyfriend and I were about to fall asleep. There no story line at all, just a bunch of crazy shit! I didn't get the point of the fat guy dress as a baby and the other guys dress as a chicken lol, so lame.... By the way I got the buffet with the tickets. All the food at the buffet tasted like reheated TV dinners!
5	great show...great priced...great location.the only negative thing I could say is that it doesn't make sense for it to be dark on Thursdays and Fridays.  Monday/Tuesday or Tuesday/Wednesday seems more appropriate, but whatever.  It's great for kids and always has you laughing or excited for the next act!
2	I was soooooooo disappointed with Mystere.  I have never been to a Cirque du Soleil show so I was so excited and happy to finally see one.  I got a fairly good deal with my room at TI.  Now please don't get me wrong, the acrobatics are amazing, and I thought that part of the saw was great.  The "show" part was just terrible.  Maybe the style of humor was just not for me but it was really, really, really bad.  The "show" was about this fat man dressed as a baby.  He cried and was just completely annoying the entire show.  It was not funny to me in the slightest.  If they got rid of that part of the performance it would be fine but it totally ruins the show.
4	I have seen O, One, Zarkana, Ka, Love, (Le Reve too), and many of the touring cirque shows, and I enjoyed Mystere a lot.!I would rank it just below O and Ka, but way above Zarkana. Mystere is classic Cirque du Soleil with its acrobats.Seating: Honestly you can sit just about anywhere in the theater. The theater is on the small side, so every seat is good. I sat a few rows from the stage, and while I don't have any complaints, I would tell you to sit a few rows back and save the money. There are acts that come from high up, and at times I was not able to take it all in since I was sitting a bit close. Get to the theater a half hour before if you already have you tickets in hand. The line to actually get in the theater is not long. It's the line for will call that is extremely long with the people who bought tickets at the discounted ticket brokers the morning of.
1	Massive disappointment - waste of money.  Compared to O, this was a pile of.fetid dung.  A lame collection of disjointed tumbling with no discernable cohesion -  seems like justification to throw together a show and rip off unsuspecting rubes.Anyone giving Mystere a positive review has no standards.
5	This is by far the best show I have ever been to. I am from Missouri so I have been to a ton of Branson shows and several in Vegas. I was absolutely amazed throughout the entire show. Mystere is the perfect mix of high intensity acrobatics and riveting humor. It is very crowd involved and it will keep you on the edge of your seat and laughing the entire time.  Last time we went to Vegas we made the mistake of trying a different Cirque show. Not that they aren't all amazing, because they are, but I will never go to Vegas and not go to this show again. It is definitely a must see!
5	Absolutely the best "circus" performance I have been to in a looong while!  This was loaded with theatrics, amazing acrobatics and feats of strength.  It is so hard to describe, other than it will completely delight your senses.  The show also engages the audience and depending on where you are seating, be prepared to be a part of the show.  One of the main characters was this big fat guy dressed and acting like a baby.  Honestly, you really felt like he was a baby and a cute one at that.  He was playing with a big ball and tossing it to the audience.  One of the audience members had to be a part of the act.  I won't tell you any other details other than it was hilarious!  There were several other parts of the performance that was equally engaging and funny.  The costuming is also fantastic - colorful and well-thought out in its execution.Also, there is not a bad seat in the house.  It's not a huge theatre and even those sitting in the back, you could tell they got great views of the act.  We had seats on the side just a few rows back from the main stage - great spot to see all of the action.  But if you want to save some money on the seats, you would be good pretty much anywhere.
5	Awesome show.  Not a bad seat in the house.  The photographers that come around are a bit annoying and the pose he asked me and my friend to do alone was from the 80s.  However, this show is full of amazing acts and unbelievable talent.  This was my first cirque show and I will be returning to see others!!! Definitely a good first timer show.
3	Was an ok show to say the least even with getting the tickets for free. Have a few drinks beforehand and it may be a bit more entertaining. Go see Zumanity or Rock of Ages. They are well worth the money for the tickets. I'm not saying the performers were not talented but in this case if you have seen one cirque show then you've seen pretty much all this has to offer.
3	This was my first cirque du soleil show, and I have to say that I was SO impressed by the acrobats.  They are incredibly talented. The production & whimsical feel of the whole show was really stunning.  I loved it! My only complaint was the comedic performers/acts that were in between the acrobatic performances.  I didn't think they were necessary...especially the giant, oversized baby routine.  I thought it was stupid. I wish it had been more acrobats and less comedic performers. However, I suspect that the comedians were meant to give the acrobats a break. They did interact with the audience in the front a lot, though, so that was probably fun for them. Also, unless you want to interact with the performers, it doesn't matter how far away you sit.  The view is great everywhere in the auditorium!! I'd still recommend seeing the show...it just had some flaws. Enjoy!
5	I was very impressed with my first experience at a Cirque du Soleil show. This show is a flawlessly performed act of trapeze, strongmen, climbing, trampolines, balancing and comedy. Before we entered the show, I ordered a double Crown and 7, which was reasonably priced and was told that the bar closes as soon as the show starts, so drink up early people. We were greeted and luckily not picked on, by the show's primary comedian as we walked to our seats. As he singled out different couples around the crowd to have a little fun with, the whole place was able to have a good laugh before the show started. The music, visuals, and physical talent were all very impressive and have prompted an interest to see more of Vegas' Cirque attractions. We got our tickets at a TIx 4 Tonight kiosk for $66 ea. See my review for more on that.
5	Cirque never disappoints!We really weren't planning on watching any shows on this past trip, but ended up getting last minute tickets from Tix4Tonight. It's a smaller venue than other Cirque sets, but perfect for us since we got tickets all the way at the top!This show was cute and perfect for kids. That clown throughout the show was very funny and I loved when he pulled an audience member up and called him "papa". That snail thing was creepy and cool at the same time!Some tips (which probably applies to all Vegas shows): if you're not staying at TI, get there early because valet was crazy when we pulled up and luckily we were staying there since valet was closed for non-hotel guests.   Also, the entrance area to the theater is small and gets unbearably crowded before and after the show. Finally, make sure you eat something before the show or else be prepared to wait in long lines at all eateries in the hotel!!
5	I enjoyed every bit of it! Right as you walk into the door, you can just feel that it's a very good show from start to finish. I loved everyone's costumes, and I loved how everyone was so talented!
5	How can I give Cirque du Soleil anything under 5 stars??Just doesn't happen. Looked forward to this for a while, was super convenient since I was staying at TI. The venue was a lot smaller than I was expecting, and I had great seats. If you're shy, don't sit in the front section lol. Overall, it was really weird- no apparent plot, but great performances and amazing acrobatics in awesome costumes. Great visuals - kind of reminded me of Alice in Wonderland. The music could use a little updating - jazzy/80s. This is known to be one of the better Cirque shows and I'd recommend it to others.
5	Fantastic! Better than Totem but not as good as Kooza.
3	Went to this show with my wife and was hoping to see something spectacular. Well I wasn't disappointed but I also was not blown away. I think this show is about average and good for kids. Don't get me wrong, they do a lot of acrobatic tricks and the two guys showing strength and balance. But after seeing Ka this show doesn't measure up. It does have some comedy thrown in there and the colors make you feel like your on acid. Maybe that would make it more enjoyable but I wouldn't know since I don't do that stuff. Oh and as much as I payed attention I couldn't follow the story line if there was one (not sure). My wife couldn't follow either so it's not just me. So don't take my word for it, the show is not too expensive but remember you get what you pay for, at least most of the time.
4	Not bad. I did not really get the story line, but it was cool to see the diff costumes and acrobatics.  Also we sat on the fourth row and had to lean back to see the performers up high. Some of the costumes were freaky looking. lol
5	This was my third time coming to Vegas, and I've been wanting to go to a Cirque show, but not wanting to dish out the heaps of money for tickets each time I'd been (and had never seen Cirque tickets at the half off ticket booth).  Lucky for me, Mystere was having an anniversary sale, so all tickets for the time we were there were half off through their website!  I got tickets for my husband and me, as well as my parents as a gift for my dad's birthday, in the very front of the cheap seats section.  This is not a large theater, so I don't know that there would really be a bad seat in the house.  So we showed up excited to have the best of the cheap seats.  The four of us found our seats, were just getting settled, when one of the ushers comes over to our section and asks if anyone wants to move further down front, that they have some open seats.  We immediately volunteer, and when she found out there were four in our group, told us she could actually put us in the center section.  We ended up third row, center!  It was awesome.  The show itself was great as well.  I obviously can't compare it to the other Vegas Cirque shows, but I did see one of the travelling ones, and it is definitely even better when they have a home theater to work from with fancy moving stages.  The acts were incredible - I think the most impressive were the two strong men/contortionists.  I've seen that done before, but never with this amount of skill.  The clown was straight up hilarious and had my dad worried that our seat moving was somehow a trap to make us part of the show (it wasn't).  These performers are clearly giving their all every night in this show, and it was pretty amazing.
4	wasn't willing to spend an arm and a leg to watch this show but my family and I were lucky enough to get discounted tix by purchasing the night of the show directly w the box office. I don't think there's such a thing as a bad seat for this for as there is something for the eye to see at EVERY angle. I was a bit overwhelmed at first and there was so much going on at once but overall this show was good. this cirque is geared towards a more "family-oriented" crowd compared got the other cirques. the stunts had me at the edge of my seat an the visuals were great
5	Another great Cirque show in the books :)First off, you definitely have to call in to the box office and see what promotions they have going on... if you call in advance, you will definitely save $$$ AND get great seats! Now on to the show... like others have mentioned, the storyline does jump around from different scenarios and does get a bit confusing at times, but one thing Mystere does not lack is the amazing acrobatics Cirque de Soleil is well known for!The nicer thing about Mystere over KA which we watched last year, was that this show definitely made us laugh more... It sounds goofy, I know... but before the show even started, the "popcorn guy" we shall call him, had (most of) the whole crowd laughing right off the bat. It was a nice start to the show :)Anyway, these Cirque shows are all well worth the money in my opinion. If it's your first time trying to see one of these, definitely try Mystere... you'll laugh, be amazed at the acrobatic skill level, and won't be disappointed!
3	We saw the Mystere show and ummmm...maybe I'm just not artsy...but we left kind of feeling like, "what just happened here?" Were we inside of the baby's mind? What was up with the old man...the snail? We just didn't get it. It was very beautiful and maybe it wasn't meant to have a plot or story line just meant to be an entertaining visually pleasing show.
3	First off, let me start by saying that this is the FOURTEENTH, yes, 14th Cirque Du Soleil show that I have seen! I am a HUGE cirque du soleil fan and try to see a different production every chance I get. If you are a cirque novice, then I'd say it's a 4 star show... however, after seeing as many productions as I've seen, this one doesn't quite compare to the other ones out there, especially to the other ones in Vegas. The stunts are pretty good, but doesn't have quite the "wow" factor as the others that I have seen. The stunt that was most unique to this production was the sticks where they did the balancing and at one part, jumped from one stick to the other. Another one that really impressed me were the 2 guys that balanced off each other. That takes a lot of skill, coordination, and unbelievable strength!! I also really liked that guy with the cube because it looked so pretty with the light reflecting. One thing I did not like about the show was the giant baby... a bit disturbing... and I wasn't quite sure how he fit...In the end, a good show overall... but not the best. I suggest sitting a little further back because if you sit too close, you will have to lean back to see the tricks in the air. They always offer discounts for this show... so look for them before you buy tickets!! I got mine for only $55, half normal price with cirque promotions. I think many times if you are staying at Treasure Island, the room price can include show tickets as well, but check what promotions are being offered as they change all the time. This was the first Cirque show in Vegas, and I'm glad I finally got to see it! The only cirque show I have left to see in Vegas will be the brand new Michael Jackson ONE. In my opinion, in Vegas, the best would probably have to be "O" or "Ka". However, since one of the girl performers in Ka fell and died during a performance, I read that the big vertical fight scene was taken out. I have not seen it since they took it out, so I'm not sure how it effects the show now. I thought the tricks they did in Zarkana were more impressive than in Mystere.
4	My first Cirque show in Vegas, and it was very good.  Took my girls, and they were astonished by the many awesome performances.  Seemed a bit disconnected with no real story line (what was the Big Baby's purpose in the show? Kids liked him, but seemed kind if creepy to me!), but the performers were very good.  Overall, happy with the show.
3	Student ID card gets you a big discount (35% I think) for up to 4 tickets when u call in to box office.I'd rate it pretty low on the scale of vegas cirque shows.... but it costs a lot less.  So maybe start here?The other reviews are correct... the acrobatics are amazing, but the comedy is so weird.
4	The show was great. It was reasonably priced and the theater was relatively small so there were no bad seats. The story line itself was enigmatic in nature so I would not recommend taking younger children. It definitely lived up to its name of Mystere because I found that the group of people I went with had several different interpretations of the show. I really enjoyed the production as a whole.
5	We had a wonderful time! I saw this show 4 years ago and loved it as much this time as I did back then. Absolutely stunning! Would watch this again and again! This is a good show to start with if you've never seen a cirque show before. It's very whimsical! I'm looking forward to the next time we're in Vegas so we can see KA, or O.
5	WOW!!!! This show is so Awesome, worth every dollar.
3	This is great introduction to Cirque if you've never seen one before. However, out of all the ones I have seen, it is my least favorite. The storyline and concept is all over the place. I found it hard to get invested in the show since there seemed to be no story to follow. The comedy was really random as well: I didn't get it, and it went on for far too long. The live music was great though. You can see the orchestra mounted on the sides of the stage performing the music. This was great to watch. The acrobatics were great as well. Can't complain about that. This is a great show to take to kids or to give yourself a cheaper introduction to Cirque du Soleil. Wouldn't go out of my way to see it again though.
5	Attended the show on Wednesday of last week, mostly because there weren't many other Cirque Du Soleil options in Vegas that day and because it's cheaper than other Cirque shows. It was our first Cirque Du Soleil show ever. We absolutely loved it! We had front row seats and got to see the action real up close, how exciting! Throughout the entire show I was greatly entertained and amazed; the acts, the live music, the old guy and the "baby" picking on people from the audience, everything. The show was worth every dollar we paid. If this is a "good intro to Cirque Du Soleil," I can't wait til we attend other Cirque Du Soleil shows!
3	My wife saw O and raved about it. This was our first time to Vegas together so we thought it would be fun to see Mystere together but we both thought it was good but not great. She still thinks O was much better and this hardly compared.
5	Loved! My husband LOVED it as well. My sister and her husband, his farther, and everyone else I know who have seen this show also love it.
5	Not only the best Cirque show in Vegas, but maybe the best show in Vegas.  Not sure why others rated it so low.  The acrobats were not short of amazing because they exceeded amazing.  Unlike the other Cirque shows that relied on special effects, this show is completely dependent on the skills of the performers where it is easy to make a mistake.  There is not a bad seat in the house, in fact too close may not be the optimum placement.  If you only can see one show while in Vegas, then this one should be on the top of your list.
5	This was so fun. It was my first cirque show, and I thought it was very impressive. I heard O is even better, but I certainly enjoyed mystere.
3	Picking up tickets at will call was a disaster. If they have this show nightly, you would think that this process of picking up tickets would be streamlined. I think this started off the evening to a bad start. There was an extreme long line to pick up the tickets. I would allow ample time to pick up the tickets before the start of the show. My friends wanted to see this show in particular because they have small children under the age of 5. Apparently, according to them, this is the only Cirque du Soleil show that actually allows children under the age of 5. It seems as though the theme of the show is lost in translation with the various acts in this story. I read the description of what Mystere is supposed to be, but honestly, by the end of the show, I was not convinced that this was a portrayal of the mystery of life. Of course, I was impressed by the strength elements in this show, but I think that the other Cirque shows that I have seen are better than this one in particular.
4	Cirque du Soleil shows never disappoint. They are always the first choice of show/entertainment in Vegas for us, and they will never disappoint you, you always get a good experience.As good as it gets, I am not sure if there was a defined story line besides it's about a dream of a circus of a baby. All the jumping around, music, singing, acting, comedy, acrobatic are almost always expected from cirque du soleil. However, there wasn't really anything that stands out, nothing too spectacular that I would want to go back again and again. that's why the 4 stars instead of 5.I would recommend this show definitely.
3	As far as entertainment goes I am very easy to please... For the money I paid, this show  was not worth it by a long shot. It was all over the place and very difficult to follow. Between that and the creepy aspect, more often than not I found myself thinking "wtf?!" It's understandable to need an act in between acts as well for setting up... But really, what's with the annoying baby? And the old man was funny, but completely inappropriate for this type of show. These intermittent acts should relate to everything else to at least some degree. The way they did it continuously took me from somewhat interested to completely disengaged.The performers were amazing, they get 5 stars no doubt about it. Overall I would say these performers deserve a better opportunity and this particular show should probably be retired.
4	Pretty amazing overall. This was only my second Cirque show I've seen after I loving Beatles LOVE five years back. An abstract surreal circus with some of the most amazing, athletic, and acrobatic acts I've ever seen, Mystere is visually stunning and exciting. The anarchic grandpa with a suit and converse sneakers was funny, but I'm not sure how I felt about the giant baby, though. Those trapeze artists are unbelievable and I started to imagine my life if I was had gone down a path as a Cirque trampoline jumper. Perhaps it's time for a new career choice?Mystere is the original Las Vegas Cirque show. Nothing tops the original, really (though I want to see the critically adored Michael Jackson ONE next).
2	This was my first Cirque du Soleil show based off my brother's rave review of KA, and unfortunately a let-down. There wasn't even a pretense of a plot, a lot of the acts seemed like filler, and the "comic relief" wasn't that funny... mostly a lot of random dancing and jumping around. I would give them points for the muscle-men act and the see-saw act (which actually were super impressive). And the music and COSTUMES were really imaginative! But sorry 80% of it was confusing and if I wanted to watch people excitedly run around a stage I could get the same effect cheaper elsewhere.Much harsher on this due to the priciness of the tickets and the exorbitantly high expectations.
5	Really great show as there was constantly just lots to look at and be impressed with.  The feats that are performed are all very impressive and has me ready to go watch more of their offerings.  The theater is good, we were all the way in the back but still had a great view of anything.  As a warning, don't get caught texting or using your phone here, the ushers will come up and confiscate your phone for the remainder of the show.  Definitely sign up on their site to see if there are any discounts available, I was easily able to get our seats for almost half off.
1	It was hard to follow story..actually, no storyI really wanted to watch beatles love, but when we were in vegas, no show until we came back home.Just felt wasting money..not recommended
4	I bought my ticket at the box office but later I learned that they had tickets at the half-off office next to Bally's. Anyways, got the cheapest section which was at the corner and it was 1/3 full. But seating is all good, we were all facing the stage. Stage goes into the crowd so everyone can see the action. It's a family show, you can enjoy with all ages. Show was very good, impressive acts. I had really good time. If you are in Vegas with family and looking for a Cirque Soleil, this one is a good one. It started with a baby scene, which did not make sense first but later I found it amusing. All other acrobatic acts were very impressive and breathtaking. Drum scene was haunting. Costumes were very well designed and colorful.
5	this was a great show, Although do NOT watch "cirque du soleil wolds apart" on netfilx first or you will see 2/3 of the show. I made that mistake so I knew what was going to happen, but to see it in person was a totally different thing. Also front row seats are not the best seats, try to sit 3-4 rows back. I sat in the front row and it was cool to have some of the performers walk right up to you and to see their facial expressions but the view could get obstructed at times and  some aerial things were just hard to see being so close...I was more looking up than forward sometimes. Finally nobody explains this but there is a fake usher that roams around and throws popcorn and or water on you. If you get shown to your seat and a bright spotlight is on you, sh*t's about to go down...
4	I have been to Las Vegas several times, but this was our first Cirque du Soleil show.  We chose this show over some of the others because Mystere has been around the longest and its most typical of what you would expect from a Cirque show. We bought tickets ahead of time at a reduced rate, so we had to pick up tickets ahead of time at the will call desk in Treasure Island.  A word of advice... do not do this right before the show, you will wait in a very long line!  We went a few hours before the show to pick up our tickets and by the time we left, there was definitely a long line.  Why can't they offer print your own tickets at home, I wonder, to avoid this nuisance?Anyway, we had tickets in the 2nd row, which was good in that we got to see a lot of the action up close, but I was craning my neck to see anything above us (and there is a lot that happens above).  If I had to do it over again, I would sit farther away so get a better view of the action overall.  There's really not a bad seat in the theater though.  We really enjoyed the show... there are many parts in between acts that are funny, and the more acrobatic scenes were amazing in their athleticism.  Even the live music is pretty amazing!  It was everything that I expected from Cirque du Soleil and more.  If you have never seen a Cirque show, I would highly recommend Mystere.
5	Must see!  Took are 3 year old also and she loved it!
3	I took my parents here on a recent visit to Vegas. I have never done drugs but I imagined this show was like being on an acid trip. It was so bizarre!!!!! Visually, it was stunning at times, and with some of the acrobatics, I was definitely amazed. But at many other times, I was thoroughly confused at the plot. Maybe I am not meant to understand, lol. The show was okay....I probably wouldn't see it again.
5	This show was my first exposure to Cirque du Soleil.  In one word...FANTASTIC!  This is one of the few shows in town that I would actually pay to see again.  The "pre-show" show with Cirque's clowns were very entertaining.  Theater chairs were very comfy...almost comfy enough to sleep in, but the action on stage kept that from happening.  5+ stars!
5	This show was my first Cirque Du Soleil show about 10 years ago. So this review is way over due.Since then I have been hooked on watching most Cirque Du Soleil shows.This past weekend I saw "O" but this show and KA by far have been my favorite.I truly never attend a show thinking of the story or plot, I just enjoy great entertainment.Check this show out if you're in Vegas. Sign up for their fan club to get good offers.Enjoy.
4	I would highly recommend being drunk after a nice dinner before coming here, as it definitely helps the trippiness of the visuals and the giddiness of the vibe sit better if one doesn't think or try to overanalyze it much. The usher between acts was definitely a highlight of the show, getting people riled up and being a master of physical slapstick. Some of the acrobatic segments were far more predictable, so while it was no less stunning in the performer's athleticism, it didn't make for the same kind of comedic trippiness that the rest of the production provides. The best segments in my opinion are the ones with lots of props floating around and a lot of visual movement going all around and far above you at once. Sitting in the 3rd row definitely forced me to crank my head up. The set design and use of vertical platforms is nothing short of stellar. It's a little bit of a known quantity as a long-running Cirque-du-Soleil show if you've seen much of their later works, but if you haven't been to one in a while or are slightly drunk, then this is a truly delightful way to spend an evening.
5	First off there really is no bad seat in the house, it looks like you get a pretty good view from wherever you sit. We sat in the 201 section that's off to the left and we had an amazing view the entire time. If you find yourself with the Spotlight on you then you just became part of the show..luckily that did not happen to us. It appears to be the first few rows of the center seats that typically got volunteered. The show itself was very entertaining and we were awe with the acro stunts being performed. At times it was a bit overwhelming because there were several things going on at the same time so you can't take everything in at once, you just have to keep switching back and forth between performers to make sure you don't miss out. I suggest getting there at least 30min prior, the guy at the box office said to be there 15min prior however we followed his instructions and the line literally wrapped around the entire casino all the way to the casino entrance (luckily the line did move at a good pace) but definitely take my advice and get there as early as you can. If your staying at the treasure island you get a 25% off the ticket so it's definitely a pretty good deal and we'll worth it.
3	PROS:-One of the cheapest Cirque de Solei shows in Las Vegas.  -The acrobatic shows are good.  I wish they had more of them though.  About 3-4 of the scenes were pretty cool.  The trapeze scene was OK.CONS-Some parts of the show (such as the intermission scenes) are pretty boring. Some people in my party fell asleep during the show!  Granted we were drinking the whole day, but even our designated driver fell asleep lol-Story is non-existent.  It's a bunch of trippy stuff happening
2	This is my least favorite Cirque du Soleil show in Vegas (out of the ones I have seen so far). I think the reason some people like it is because they really try to incorporate more comedy. I didn't find that appealing at all but I think it would probably be good for families with kids. Watching Mystere felt a lot more like going to the circus than anything else. The other shows feel more like a ballet or a musical play with acrobats. It just wasn't my thing.
4	This was my first Cirque Du Soleil show and it was a great experience! The acrobatics were so impressive! And I was surprised at how funny some of the performances were. Great deal considering how cheap the tickets are!
5	I watched the "O" cirque show last year and thought it was amazing..... Mystere does not pale in comparison.There is a funny clown that interacts with the audience before the show begins and he is just hilarious. This being one of the oldest cirque show in Vegas, the tickets are totally affordable (we paid approx 70$ for Category 3 seats) we sat in section 204.There really isn't a bad seat in this theater though because it's quite small in comparison to the other Cirque theaters.My only tip would be not to sit at the bottom bowl or so close to the stage because some of the show is performed up high over that lower bowl section and to see it you'd kind of have to crane your neck up to see it.Our view was perfect we had a visual of the WHOLE stage and could see everything and everyone that was performing throughout the entire show.There is an aspect of humour in this show and the overall mood is light and happy.
5	Wonderful experience.  Great acrobatics, amazing strong man, and very funny clowns.This is a show that you can easily take your kids to and be enjoyed by all.  You will love all the energy, great music and beautiful costumes.Definitely a fan, and will attend again next time in Vegas.
2	Not a great show.  It seems as though it was thrown together last minute, but I found out it is one of the oldest Cirque shows on the strip.  Ooops.Acrobats were ok...story is strange.  I think the snail grows throughout and the big fat baby represents the selfishness and gluttony of man....yadda yadda yadda.  Hey Mystere people....we are in Vegas.  I can go outside the theater and spend $10,000 at the slot machine and then gorge at a buffett.  Vegas is the epitome of selfishness and gluttony.  It would be like a priest camping out at an Adult Movie store.  Father...you're doing it wrong.But I digress.  The show was strange.  Did not flow like most Cirque shows.  And there was a female acrobat dressed like a bird and chirped like a bird.  The chirp was a bit annoying.  You cannot beat the price...perhaps the cheapest of all Cirque shows, and you get what you pay for.  Overall it is a decent time killer, but I wouldn't recommend attending.
5	I've been to Vegas dozens of times but have never gotten around to seeing this.Being here for my wedding, we took our entire wedding party (17 of us) to the show. They offer a great group rate. We got 25% off and had awesome seats. We were 12 rows back and had a nice view of everything.To walk to the Mystere theatre from the lobby takes 10 minutes. To walk to the end of the lineup after getting to the theatre is another 10 minutes. No exaggeration.The show was funny, spectacular and all around, just what I would have expected out of a premium show. Some of the performers had a couple of miscues but that didn't detract at all. The most impressive part was the 2 guys doing human sculpture. The power and muscle control they have is pretty unbelievable. Their abs are bigger than my biceps. Geez, how do you make an ab pop out that far?I would highly recommend seeing this.
5	I really really liked this show, all elements of the circus and tricks were awesome. I laughed I was wow'd and it was a great show ... definitely a top pick if youre in vegas for a cirque show!
5	The pure strength of the performers is astounding! Great show! Great audience interaction. My favorite part was the huge drums and live music!
5	you probably have already been told by someone to go cirque de soleil, so do it already! It's worth it, it's like circus for the modern age. You will prob never see anything ELSE like these cirque de soleil shows. It's like a mix of ballet, trapeze, gymnastics, and just crazy physical feats with spot-on choreography-the ppl in the show are amazing. This particular show is like it suggests a mystery with a mix of comedy-as me and my fiance are still trying to figure out what this show was really about. I think it just was a general theme of human mystery and discovery. It's a more modern type of show with audience interaction and no holds bar on creativity and using the whole theatre as the stage. Some of the costumes were really cool, but some where just weird-same thing with some of the stage props. One of the highlights was *SPOILER ALERT* the guy who comes out in the beginning who u don't know is part of the show at first and is a comedian doing pranks on people-so funny and different.
3	This was the first Cirgue show on the strip, and it follows the "classic" cirque style. Very little English; lots of new-age music; a very loose, dreamy story line interspersed with impressive circus talent. I was able to meet one of the performers before the show, so I felt extra excited to see it, and some of the acts were very impressive. I really liked the act where the man used a metal cube for an aerial performance. That was breathtaking. But the show was not mind-blowing like Ka down the street. This was the 6th Cirque show I've seen in my life, and honestly, it felt WAY too familiar, like I'd seen that show a couple times before. I wish Cirque would branch out in entirely new directions. What they do doesn't seem innovative any more.
4	I saw Mystere in 2004 and the show has changed a little, for the better.  To be fair, we probably wouldn't have bought tickets for the show, but they were included in the package we purchased for Treasure Island.  Our seats were in the back.  But I'm glad we went. The people in the show defy logic with their unbelievable sense of balance and acrobatic feats!  I felt sorry for the people in the front row that were picked on as stage props (i.e., Baby's 'Mama') but it was so funny and I bet they had a blast!If you haven't seen Mystere, it's a great show.
5	I have seen La Nouba, Love, Mystere, Zumanity, Totem and O. They all get a 5 star review if you ask me but for the record this was my favorite. This particular show is fun and has lots of audience participation especially at the beginning of the show. In the Vegas area I think Zumanity is my favorite and when it comes to the traveling shows I really liked Totem but this is definitely one to put on your list as a must see.
5	Greatest show I've ever seen! Flawless acrobatics and great comedy. Everyone should see this show! So amazing! Just be warned the comedian may pick you out of the audience... Just play along
5	Best Cirque show I've seen yet. If you go get there early, the MC does many funny things with the crowd as they are being shown to their seats. The people that are picked to interact with the show are also picked from those that are early. Great show would see again.
4	Entertaining show, loved most of the acrobatics but the story could be more interesting or at least exist :).This was my first Cirque du Soleil show so I can't compare with other ones, I was left speechless at times but there where times where I felt I've seen stuff at TV on X Country's  Got Talent.Still a nice show worth seeing.P.S. We are slo upgraded by the usher to better spots.
5	Loved this show and def better than Ka.  It was very entertaining and made us laugh.  You can get discounted same day tickets from booths all along the strip.  I would def do that. We got 7pm Saturday show tickets for $60 or so and they were dead center, closer to the top of the theater. But since the theatrics are so "big" in nature, it was the perfect spot to watch the show!
3	2 Nights at TI and Mystere Tickets-$188-Groupon----- Has anyone bought this. I believe that this deal does not give the option for choosing the seats.Groupon advertises for category 2 seating but does not give you the freedom to choose your section.Treasure Island chooses the section 105 for you which is probably the worst category 2 seating and does not let you change. Is this true?
4	I love Cirque du Soleil!! Mystere was my fourth Cirque show and it didn't disappoint. I honestly don't think you can ever go wrong with one of their shows....I've loved the four that I've seen (Ovo, O, Totem and Mystere). They were all so fun and entertaining...yet also so different from one another. Mystere is located in Treasure Island. The theater is small-to-medium sized and I honestly don't think there's a bad seat in the house. Be forewarned, though, that if  you sit in the first maybe six rows, there is a high chance you will be picked on by one of the characters (One of the "clowns" did come up and talk to me mid-show -- mainly because I stuck my tongue out at him (haha!)! Awesome!). I read that some people didn't like the lack of story line in this show. Cirque shows are supposed to have a story line? I always think of their shows of being more of a dream like or fantasy like state. They really aren't supposed to make too much sense. Just sit back and enjoy the show. My favorite parts of the show were the two insanely buff guys balancing and lifting each other (I heard they're brothers), the act where the clown type people where doing stunts off of poles, the see-saw like act where they were throwing each other in the air and doing stunts (which sounds weird, but it really, truly, works), and the live and fantastic music and singing. I don't want to go into much details about each act in fear of giving something away, but this show is a must see. Some things I didn't like about the show was the French Baby and his obsession with his "mama"  (a random person he picked from he crowd). I found this baby annoying and way too over the top. I also found that some of the "filler" acts between the bigger acts where slow and boring. The older guy with the big hair that was the joker between the big acts was funny most of the time, but sometimes he went over the top and drug some of things out he was doing.Overall, a very fun and entertaining show. I'd recommend this show to anyone who wants to see a good show!Cheers!
4	This show is not to missed if you are in las vegas considering the price of the show and discounts available in general. The acts were great and the value for the amount of entertainment delivered is hard to match. If you want interaction with the cast then buy category 1 seats so you can have popcorn spilled on you by one of the clowns. The only reason why I didn't give the show 5 stars was the baby character performed by one of the clowns in the show. I know this may sound weird by it scared me. It was just beyond weird for me by I don't like infants to begin with. Anyhow it's a medium sized theatre compared to most of the cirque venues here in town and it's worth the time to go. Great for kids and fans of a classic circus show as well.
4	was here on 2/15/14.i gotta say, all of the Cirque shows are pretty amazing!this one was NOT THE most amazing though. i couldnt really figure out the theme of the show, which i've always been able to. i dont know, maybe its just me. although a lot of the things they do are out of this world, it just seemed a little tired, compared to the other shows that i've seen.i'm still giving it 4 stars and if you have the chance to see this, or any Cirque shows, i suggest you do it.
5	I Have seen several Cirque shows and this is one of my favorites.  The costumes and stage are beautiful.  The acrobatics are amazing and the show is funny and interactive too.  Would see it again!
5	Took my son, nephew & his wife to this show, they were here celebrating their 5th wedding anniversary (all adults). They rarely get to go to shows so I knew this one would blow them away! My son & I go to great shows all the time so we know what to expect if a cirque show. Some times we take for granted all the awesome shows here, it was so refreshing & a reminder how awesome these shows are by just watching their faces, they were loving every minute and had their eyes glued to the stage & ceiling because they did not want to miss a act! My niece thought my nephew may fall asleep because it was late & we had just had dinner, I told them no way in this show, they realized just what I meant and they want to see it again on next visit from AZ! We had such a blast nothing better than seeing your loved ones so happy & appreciative to see a Fab LV show, Mystere does not disappoint! Love all the entertainment & Fabulous restaurants in Fab Las Vegas! Feel so Lucky to live here!
4	This was my very first cirque and it was ok, then I saw it again many years later and got so much more out of it.  There is a story line that I didn't get the first time and many say that cirques don't have a story line but I disagree.  I still have to say my favorite cirque is KA.
4	The strength agility timing and flexibility of these performers are qualities that I have never seen before in any show. There is not a story line but several individual acts. We got seats right in the middle on 2nd tier. Perfect.  Very affordable this time of year. Will definitely plan on seeing other cirque shows.  Call ahead to get best seats and ask for discounts available.
4	Usually the cheapest of the Soleil shows, Mystere still puts on quite a show.  It's definitely more acrobatic than dance, and some parts of the show are just amazing to watch.  Mystere is a safe bet, it has some crowd interaction and combines humor and awe pretty good.  But for all it offers, I feel other shows are better, but Mystere is by far the best value, and for that, it gets an extra star
5	I have seen this show several times and have a special affection for it for some reason.   I think this show and Ovo are the best Cirque shows.  Not sure why they don't have Ovo in Vegas.  It would mix it up a bit.  Anyway...  very entertaining!  Seen it 4 times.  If you book it, try the steakhouse at TI.  It is a fantastic combo!
5	I loved this show! The talent and pure strength of these performers is AMAZING! I was entertained from start to finish. As others have said, I couldn't really see a storyline and the fillers in between the main acts were pretty random and had nothing to do with the next scene but if you took each individual scene and not try to tie them together, they were all enjoyable. The background music was a little dated but as a whole it was a great show and the price was fabulous compared to the others. It's a small venue so pretty much any seat has a good view.Overall, I'm glad we went. It's definitely a must see if you are in to these types of shows.
2	Mystere by Cirque Du Soleil is the longest running Cirque show in Vegas (since 1993) and it's age shows, it feels tired compared to the others. There isn't a storyline, it's more an exploration into the strange and unusual with slap-stick humor and antics to break up the circus acts.The arial acrobatics are still amazing.  All props to the athleticism and showmanship of the performers, and it's the cheapest Cirque ticket, so if you're not sure you'll like the Cirque experience, it's a more affordable way to check it out.
5	AMAZING! My absolute favorite cirque show! As a trapeze artist myself, I loved the trapeze act but all of the acts were incredible. This is my second time seeing the show and I would definitely go again. It was nice that there wasn't any filler stuff, like juggling, just one great act after the next!
5	5 stars is for the show!!! Absolutely amazing! Even my 4 and 6 year olds were blown away, couldn't take their eyes off the performers! Talent was so fantastic:)0 stars for the rude as heck desk personnel at Treasure Island box office and the confusing lines that did not distinguish between 'VIP' ticket holders, non VIP ticket holders, comp ticket holders, people picking up tickets already purchased, people purchasing tickets.... very unorganized mess. They made it unclear, from the get -go, as to which line to stand in and when we tried to question the staff as to which line to stand in, they were rude and we were just sent to the back of the line. We set this up in advance through the Trump hotel and paid a lot of money for extra nice seats. There were people in the same line who still needed to purchase tickets for 7pm show as well as some buying tickets for the later 9:30 show. We arrived there in plenty of time before the show but because of all this confusion we nearly missed our 7 pm start time. Just unbelievably poor customer service. I wish we were given clear information from the beginning. Besides all this, definitely recommend this show, so amazing and wonderful to watch! I'm thinking we would have been better off buying tickets at the actual Treasure Island box office earlier in the day in person instead of online recommended through our hotel. Would have saved us some confusion and embarrassment.
4	My first Cirque du Soleil show in Las Vegas. I took advantage of the 2 for $99 for locals deal. Along with taxes and "convenience" fees, the total was $130. I recommend purchasing your tickets at the box office if possible. I checked online and the system chose my seats at the second to back row. At the box office, I had several options and landed in the middle-back of the theater for the same price.Theater - I recommend the second tier because you get a full view of the action. The theater itself is about the size of an IMAX. Even the back row are decent seats. Front section got picked on by the performers, so if you're shy, I would steer clear. I think the "worst" section would be at the extreme ends of the front section.Show - The acrobats are definitely awesome. No story line as other Cirque fans would say. The costumes are nothing short of amazing. My eyes were locked on the performers. The two brothers doing the human sculpture are probably the strongest men in the world. Although, I couldn't help staring at the performer standing on a ball in the background for the longest time. The performer climbing the pole with his arms gave Spider-Man a run for his money.Negatives - That damn snail. What nightmares are made of. If I were on hallucinogenics, I would be screaming out of the theater like a little girl.Special Attention - The music. Just as special as the performers. The bass player blew me away.
5	My first Cirque du Soleil show, wow it does live up to the hype people place on it. I was amazed at how much happens in this show. There is almost too much at certain times, you feel like you don't know where to look but you quickly figure it out.We chose this show as it was just over $60 with Tix4tonight booth and they also informed us it was one if the older shows they created.The performers are amazing and highly entertaining. I am most definitely keen to see more of their productions now.Highly recommend everyone to see this show!
4	Good show overall. The opening is very cool and they do very cool things. If you want to see a circus then this is the show for you.  However if you want a show with good music and circus it might not be for you. The music is good but definitely not something you can enjoy. If you want to get your feet wet on cirque del soleil shows then this is a good start.
4	A good show at a great price when compared to other cirque du soleil shows. This show is dated though. The theater is never more than 80% full. If one can get a discount on this show, go. If not, don't spend more than $50 per ticket.
4	There hasn't been a Cirque show I haven't liked.  We got a great deal on tickets and had wonderful seats.  Entertaining show, always fantastic scenery & costumes.  A great show to catch while in Vegas
3	I thought this show was ok, I wouldn't go see it again. They had a lot of fantasy settings, There was a lot going on in this show. I feel it has no real organization from one act to another. The costumes were creative. one consistant charecter was the funniest.
5	This show is an excellent value considering what you will see. The physical performances are great and good for all ages. The theatre really doesn't have a bad seat and it's a good experience. The only thing I didn't like was the "baby" clown performance. It was very weird to me and not my taste. Everything else was great and would recommend the show to anyone. Very colorful and great for families.
4	Great show! I was VERY disappointed in KA, so I wasn't sure what to expect with Mystere. I'm not into following the story of the show, but more of being excited and interested the whole 2 hours. Even though I didn't understand the whole story, this show did not have me bored. Some "filler" parts were a bit too long, especially the scenes with the baby, but it didn't ruin the experience for me. Best seats in the house are probably top tier & middle, since there are a lot of acts above the seats.
5	Super duper duper AWESOME! This was my first live Cirque du Soleil show and I was completely amazed the entire time! We got front row seats thanks to a nice guy at the box office, and were able to see everything up close and personal! The fake "usher" who appeared in the audience before the show started and then popped out throughout the show was hilarious, as was the giant baby who kept looking for his "papa". The music was also outstanding, as were all the incredible feats of athleticism and strength throughout the show. Soooo cool! I would definitely recommend this show to those who want to be amazed and entertained. Worth every penny!
4	I've seen about three Cirque shows and all were very entertaining. I don't remember the others being quite as funny as this one though. It was hilarious and definitely keeps you entertained until the real feats start. The acrobats were brilliant, and they made the performance look effortless. This is definitely a plus to staying at Treasure Island--hop out of bed from evening nap and head to a great show.My favorite part was the two men doing all the lifts--I mean it was really amazing to see such strength and endurance. There was always something to gasp at and clench your teeth for--a few times I thought they weren't going to hit their marks on the trapezes, but they did. I would certainly see this again. What a great show!
4	My first Circus de Soleil show that I've watched! I didn't know what to expect except.. it has to be good!I have to admit.. I was kind of confused at the whole thing but I didn't care because the show was very very entertaining. This lady playing a role of a kid was looking for a papa and she picked a man at the audience - I thought it was pretty funny on how she called him papa in a kiddish voice. Although I didn't understand the whole story concept of the show... I was very mesmerized by the lead singer - she was on top of the stage to the side. I was sooooo impressed by her voice - she could be in the lord of the rings or mythical movie or show there is and be a fairy or some sorceress! She was REALLLLY good! The whole experience was fantastic! I'm looking forward to watching other Circus de Soleil show in Las Vegas.
5	First of all, get the discounted tickets one of the many stands (Tix4tonight) along the strip.  There is not a bad seat in the house and it will save you about half the cost of the show.  We  got tickets this way and had great seats.  Looking around the theater I don't think I would be disappointed to sit anywhere in the theater.   The show is excellent.  It is funny, amazing, engaging and filled with incredibly talented entertainers.   From amazing displays of strength and agility to comedy this show really has it all.   Both my wife and I LOVED this show; it was the highlight of our trip.
4	This was my first Vegas show and it was pretty good. Although, some parts were a bit...creepy. Before the show started and everyone was still finding their seats, on the stage were these two blood-red glowing neon baby carriages that were making really annoying baby sounds. It was like being stuck on an airplane and the baby won't stop making noise and the parents don't even care. After the show started they were removed.The comedian/magician that looked like the Mad Hatter was entertaining. He periodically messed with the audience and screwed with the people on stage but only when the crew was setting up for the next part of the show. There was also this ventriloquist with a big puppet who did a few acts but he was in the show so the puppet was only used as a distraction like the Mad Hatter guy while the crew set up.After the show started, this big guy in a baby costume came on stage and did some obnoxious baby imitation. He was bouncing a ball, falling off the stage, and acting like a doofus. He even got this lady sitting in the front row to help him out and through the entire show, when he was on stage he kept calling her "mama" and requested her assistance with his acts. The woman obviously didn't want to play along but he wouldn't take no for an answer (and neither would most of the audience). The show had a lot of different parts and sometimes it was hard to keep track of what was going on because people would be coming in from the sides, the ceiling, the floor, and wherever else they had entrances. At one point, costumed people where standing in the aisles of the theater but they didn't appear to be doing anything before they left. Maybe they were giving signals to the stage performers. There was also a band on one of the upper decks but I don't think they were actually playing the instruments because I saw them stop several times and the music was still playing. The Taiko drum session was probably my favorite part. My next favorite was the two guys doing a balancing routine. The rest was ok. High flying acrobats, trampoline performers, see-saw jumping, many flips and twirls from just about everybody, odd costumed characters, a big weird snail float, and a rooster-man who was in practically every part.
1	I am reviewing this show even though I didn't see it.  I received a Cirque Gift card and wanted to see a Cirque show using the gift card to purchase tickets.  I inquired about the locals discount, since I live in Henderson, and was told I couldn't combine the 2.  Either had to use the gift  card or the locals deal.  Super bummed, cause I will never be able to use the gift card because I can't afford it.
5	My husband and I came to see this show on our honeymoon and we loved it.  We scoured the Cirque shows to find the one with "the most" acrobatics and we chose Mystere.  I will admit that I was annoyed by the baby, but by the end of the act the baby won me over.  I was most impressed by the two man act.  Their skill and ability was phenomenal.We paid a lot of money to sit up front, but the way this theatre is set up, it looks like you can pay less money and still get a great view.  This is one place where it might be worth saving the money and paying for a cheaper seat.
5	My wife and I watched Mystere at the Treasure Island 2 weeks ago. Our last trip in Vegas we watched David Copperfield which was good but, one magic show was enough for us. We wanted to try a Cirque show.Being our last night and spending funds dwindling down, we wanted to go to a Cirque show without completely breaking the bank. Heard this was the longest tenured Cirque show still going strong so we gave them a shot and got a great deal and the tix 4 less booth on the strip.From the few 3 star and under reviews I've read since seeding this, either people have no sense of imagination or like to hate. Simple as that.This show was GREAT! My wife and I enjoyed it, were very entertained, our seats were the 3rd to last row but felt we had the best seats in the theater! We were eye level with all of the high flying acts. The 2 "strong" contortion/balance act was dope, the in between entertainment was hilarious, and every act in this show was top notch entertainment. I highly recommend. First and definitely not the last Cirque show we will try. Next is either O or Ka. But do not hesitate on this one. Is a must see.
5	I hadn't been to Cirque before, and while everyone recommended "O," it seemed counterproductive to me to see the most celebrated show first. Then all the other ones would seem disappointing by comparison, right? So I went with Mystere, which is one of the older ones. This was a good decision.Thousands of people can tell you this show is great, and I agree, so I will address the specifics of Tix4Tonight and seeing this show at TI. Other reviewers said "don't pay more than $50" and to use Tix4Tonight. So I tried that, and I learned there are a lot of disadvantages to doing it that way.If I had bought my tickets in advance on vegas.com, I would have been able to get the 7:30 show for $72 and the whole deal would have been out of the way before I even got on the plane. Instead, I had to take time out of my day to visit the Tix4Tonight booth, which is quite a bit more time-consuming than you might expect. They're pretty slow, and there's a line. Also, to see the 7:30 show, I would have paid over $90! So I opted instead to see the 9:00 show, which messed up my plan to explore the Strip on my one available night in town, because you have to arrive early and then you're there til almost 11. I paid $64 for my ticket. The theater was indeed about 80% full, as others have said, but I don't know where they're getting these $50 tickets from. Also, with Tix4Tonight you have to get to TI a *minimum* of one hour early to get your seat, and they urge you to arrive even earlier than that. Then you're stuck killing time at TI, which isn't exactly one of the Strip's classier or more interesting locales. Finally, Tix4Tonight said the early arrival time was to choose my seat. When I got there, the box office lady told me there was only "one seat left" and I didn't have any choice. I asked about the upper level, and she said they were pushing all the people from those seats down to the lower level because of the number attending. I found this bizarre and was unhappy that I now had to take a seat all the way over at the far side of the stage. As it turned out, everything she said was a total lie. There were PLENTY of seats left and PLENTY of people in the upper level. The upside is, my seat was actually great-- worth much more than I had paid with Tix4Tonight-- so it's a good thing I didn't switch. Beware, though, that the box office people will simply make stuff up so they can put you wherever they want.All of that said, Mystere is a great show and fascinating to watch. If you're going with a bro type of guy or blue-collar dude, this may not be the one for you. There's a guy playing a baby who interacts pretty forcefully with the audience, and an acrobatic act that looks vaguely homoerotic (note: I have read that the men are brothers, and am completely aware that this would be a dumb thing to care about anyway). I can see how if you're convincing your boyfriend/husband to go with you, you may want to know those things before you choose your Cirque show.
4	Wife and I came to see this show last December because most of the other cirque shows were on break. The acts were very impressive! This is our first cirque show, so not sure if all of them are similarly slow paced between acts. The time-killing with the actor pretending to be a baby got a little boring as it wore on. Would probably consider seeing one of the other shows some time.
4	This was a great show!  The Brazilian brothers were AMAZING!!!  The strength of the "base" brother is ridiculous.  I would recommend this show for sure.  Although the Chubby Baby in a diaper was funny and a little disturbing   It really was good!!
3	In general, Mystere is a great show. It's made up of half acrobatics and half comedy. I thoroughly enjoyed the comedy and audience participation parts the most. The reason why I gave it a three star rating is because I've been spoiled, spoiled by other Cirque or acrobatic shows. I've seen KA, Zumanity, and Le Reve. Those were all amazing. The best I've seen was The House of Dancing Waters in Macau. With all those shows under my belt, this one seemed very tame. If you haven't seen any Cirque shows before, this should be the first one you ever see. It is the first one ever made. It shows its age with the lack of amazing feats, but if you've never seen one of these productions before, it will definitely entertain you.
3	I've seen other cirque du soleil shows and this was probably my least favorite. While I still enjoyed it, there were parts that seem weird and confusing. Usually the show has theme and storyline to it, but this one was pretty random. Maybe thats what makes it a mystery?? The acrobats and individual acts were impressive, but based on the previous shows (kooza and totem) I had higher expectations
5	Amazing show. I have been to others before but this one is funny throughout and has a great story line. Make sure you don't blink because the stunts are amazing as well. It is great for the whole family to see and it is definitely a show that you will remember.
5	I like that show. Beautiful. Good music. Good price. Funny.  We ordered tickets online with special offer
4	I come to Vegas a lot for work and I always wanted to see a Cirque du Soleil.  Well let me take that back, I always wanted to see a good one, since our only other experience was the Chriss Angel one (WASTE).The first thing that happened when we walk in was an usher upgraded our seats, we thought that was pretty cool.  The clown guy that was in the first part of the show during seating was actually pretty funny, not your American type clown with all the make up this was a classy clown!The show was amazing, very nice tricks and the music was awesome.  My only beef was the fat baby and some gal in pajamas, I still don't have a clue what that had to do with the show, but maybe I missed something.  Next time I want to try O, but was not disappointed that I saw this one first.
4	My wife and I loved the show, there were lots of cool precision acrobatic scenes.  It was their last show for a few weeks.  We got a giant yard filled with bacardi 151 and stood in line for 15 minutes to get tickets at Tix4Tonight.  They do not give you a seat number at the booth, once you get to the theater at Treasure Island then they will give you a seat.  The tickets are about 40-45% off of face value.I do not think there are any bad seats in there.  It is pretty small, we sat on the side and thought the seats were great.  During the show we got up and moved to another seat where we had a whole section practically to ourselves.  We both would recommend it to someone else.
4	Awesome show! I wasn't expecting much since it's one of the longest running Cirque de Soleil shows. But it was fantastic. One of the best parts of the show was a part where two of the male performers balanced on each other with such incredible strength. I cannot imagine anyone being so strong and with such perfect balance. They were the hit of the show if you ask me. I would pay just to go see a whole show with them! Theatre was not extraordinarily large either, so almost all seats were great. If you want a more low key and affordable show, go for it!
5	Amazing!The theater was wonderful, the concessions reasonably priced, and the show was incredible.The show had great comedy (both before and during the show), beautiful choreography (even though there is a focal point to every scene, in all directions, something is going on), and incredible physicality (the muscle men who balanced each other was unreal).  The scenes themselves had great artistic design and everything was set to a unique score.I have nothing less than great things to say.  See it!  You'll enjoy it!
5	Unbelievable show. I saw it up close in the second row and I'd love to see it again from farther back just for a new perspective.  So much to see I didn't know where to look on stage at any one time. Definitely worth the money.  I got half priced tickets from a discount ticket stand. Go see it!
5	For years I've been to Vegas several times and never understood what all the hype was about...then Mystere! This show totally worth EVERY PENNY. The presentation was stellar filling the custom-built theatre with brilliant colors, a cacophony of magical experiences. I mean...every where you looked, something was happening--good. It was the BEST circus-style show I've ever seen. GO!!
4	I have seen Mystere about 3 times and I liked all of the times I went.  The acrobats are amazing and so is the sound.  The venue is quite intimate.  This is a good show, especially since the prices have dropped so low.
5	I remember the grand opening.....  At the Mirage, a special "tent" was built for this production while Treasure Island was being built!!!!  It was a hit from the very first performance. Have enjoyed this production every time I've seen it, and it's awesome how they improve with each one. Great for every age and all nationalities!
5	This was my first Cirque Du Soleil show - definitely not my last! I watched O after this and I want to say that the two were on par and both amazing in different ways. Whereas certain acts in O felt a little scattered and at times there felt like there was too much going on, Mystere really draws you in and focuses your attention. The fact that the acrobatics were done over a solid stage as opposed to a pool heightens the sense of danger and makes it a more exciting show to watch.For almost the entire duration of the show, I was on the edge of my seat in a good way, in awe of the performers and the surreal atmosphere that is Mystere - the costumes, backgrounds, lighting, music and impressive acrobatics all work well together to immerse the viewer in a different reality. I loved the giant snail and was impressed how they managed to get it onto the stage. I could have done without the clown acts but I understood that they're a necessary evil to entertain the audience during transitions between acts.Worth the money! It cost me a little over $100 to sit in one of the first few rows and I'd say it was a fair price to pay to be filled with a childlike sense of wonder.
5	So fun!  This is the only Cirque show in Vegas that allows very young children.  We bought a family 4 pack which included popcorn and drinks.  The seats that come with the family pack aren't the best but the theatre isn't that big so it wasn't an issue for me. But it didn't matter because the super nice usher ladies upgraded our seats! My kids, ages 4 and 1 LOVED the show.  The 4 year old was mesmerized the whole time. It was amazing to watch my kids reactions to the acrobats, dancers, lights, colors and characters.  We almost didn't go because I was afraid they might be too young, but i'm so glad we did! Great memories.
5	Get there 40 min early!!!!!Absolutely incredible.  I was a competitive gymnast for 18 years and I still found their acrobatics highly entertaining.  They really utilize the entire theater, including the ceiling!  They also incorporate some comedic relief at absolutely perfect times.   It made me want to go see all the others!!  Be sure you get there at least 40 minutes early.  There is an extra surprise at the beginning while they are seating people that you definitely don't want to miss!!!  It was worth every penny and certainly is not a show that I could forget!!  I look forward to the next time I get to see one of their shows!The theater seating is better than it looks online.  I bought tickets that looked to be around the middle of the theater and we were right near the stage, so if you are afraid that the cheaper tickets won't be worth the money and you can't afford better ones, have no fear.  The cheaper tickets are just fine.  The stage is designed so everyone gets a good view of the show.
5	What a show!  We were fully entertained and engaged for the duration.  I'll not devulge any of the acts because you must go and see for yourself.  You wont be disappointed.  I purchased tickets weeks ahead from a reseller.  Would recommend you go directly to the ticket office at Treasure Island.  GO!
3	This was my least favorite Cirque du Soleil show. Doesn't mean it wasn't a decent show or worth seeing....just didn't grab me like the others did. This story line seemed a bit all over the place and the ending left me wanting for more and questioning the story line. But to be honest...Cirque shows are really about the tricks, flips, and the oohs and aahs. Did they deliver on the wow factor. Yep. They did. Im still glad that I saw it and it def wasn't a waste of money.
5	By far the BEST Cirque show on The Strip. Music, performers, storyline are outstanding. Sit further back fro stage at basically all Cirque shows for best experience.
5	Amazing show!!! This is my second cirque de soile show and it won't be my last!! Amazing acts my husband and I really enjoyed it!! I just wish they had more drunk selections
3	It was good, but not the total mind blowing experience I had hoped for. The colors, music and costumes were all fabulous. The comedians were also great. It was the circus acts that lost me. I had seen one act before in a smaller, less well known, much cheaper venue so I was somewhat disappointed and never really wowed. It was a good show and I was entertained. It just wasn't tell all your buddies great.
3	This was my first cirque show so I didn't really know what to expect but I was a bit disappointed. The performance skill was great but for me the story was a bit odd. I wouldn't recommend for my family and friends to see it unless they were offering a great deal on the tickets.
5	This show is amazing. Granted we had front row seats too thanks Mom. The acrobatics were incredible the music score keeps your mind working. Word of warning avoid albert einstein dude as you enter...youll know when you see him. Advice...grab dinner at Mirage. Its a shame TI doesnt have any fine dining
3	My least favorite Cirque show to date. I was really looking forward to seeing one live in Vegas, where the stages are custom built just for their shows, after seeing four in San Francisco and two through Netflix videos.Honestly, the rigging and design for the traveling shows must be flawless, because I didn't notice any improvement seeing this show in Vegas.It was mesmerizing like all Cirque shows, for sure, but it was too short and had too much stupid filler with the adult baby that is just embarrassing and not funny.Also, no German Wheel.The worst, though, was the ushers, who were super-distracting. Our seats were right on the edge of a section, so right next to an aisle where two ushers stood--and moved around and TALKED (trying to get roving people back to their seats)--the whole time. Very distracting, after spending almost $200 on 2 tickets. They could try to move less, speak more softly, and make themselves less visible/audible.
5	Fun, exciting, fantastical show! It was our first time seeing this show and we left wanting more! Highly suggest seeing it!
4	My third cirque du soleil show, first time seeing Mystere, and another mesmerizing performance with plenty of amazing acts that leave you wondering just how incredibly athletic and strong the performers are. Each of the three shows I have seen all had uniques aspects to them and there were some things in other shows that would have been nice to see again but this was action packed and well worth coming to the show.
3	Great entertainment, but I was a bit puzzled by some of the ongoing themes in the show. There was an annoying jokester usher and a human baby that would interact with a mama in the audience, but both were running themes that I thought detracted from the main acrobatic acts.The acrobatic acts were spectacular though. These people are very talented and it shows. If you like death defying moves, I would recommend watching this show. However, I think the other Cirque shows might be more sophisticated in terms of special effects.
4	Our first Cirque Soleil, show it was amazing! Since it was Christmas vacation, by the time we booked, all the show prices went up, tickets were sold out and this was the one we could manage to get. I loved the set design, the colors, light & sound effects, choreography and most of all the singers, the two ladies were excellent...  The aerial cube, hand-to-hand, aerial tissu and bungee acts were all jaw-dropping! The guy who played like an usher & the giant baby were humorous initially, their repetition was a little boring though. I'd say its worth the money!
