2	I've stopped here a few times on my way to Vegas.    The alternative is to fight for a parking space at MCDonalds up the street and somehow fighting to park at McDonalds just feels wrong.  The building is different than most Burger kings and has what looks to be a nice shady patio for outdoor summer dining. Just before 9AM they were out of biscuits.  And the restroom could use some attention.  I ended up taking a breakfast Ciabatta sandwich, which was pretty good, and a small decaf on the road with me.  The Seattle's Best version of decaf is no better than what it replaced and in the small version uses a cup that doesn't work well in my cup holders.  I'll probably stop here again in the future because it is convenient but I am still not very impressed.
3	Not much to say about BK.  I enjoy a few things here, but mostly because it's cheap.  The BK stacker is small, but good.  I like how they serve it HOT with melted cheese on it.  Probably need to order 2-3 of them to get full, but it's tasty and inexpensive.  I also like coming here for the cheap sundaes although they have a bacon sundae which just sounds terrible and I wouldn't try it unless it was free.  You get what you would expect from this BK, nothing to great, but it's quick and cheap.
3	Its Burger King.. I was in the area for work and stopped here on the way out of town.. I'm not a big fast food guy in general, but when on the road, I'm usually not all that motivated to look for better places.  Anyway.. the food is Burger King food - its the same everywhere.. and what you'd expect.  My complaint here was that they had a sign on the door for free Wi-Fi.. so I went back to my car to get my laptop.  Got my food, sat down.. no Wi-Fi whatsoever.  Then again.. its Burger King.. Its not like I went there for the free Wi-Fi.. Eh.. shouldn't eat fast food like that anyway.. But for a Burger King, I guess its fine.
5	Phenomenal Service! Food is hot and the facility is clean. We will always stop here on our way to Vegas. Best Burger King I have ever eaten at!
