3	LA based lifestyle company in the linq.  Soft opening but so far seems a bit overpriced - like urban outfitters for trust fund kids.
5	I love this place! I was checking out the new Linq area and got super excited when I saw that Kitson had opened up a store :)
4	I walked in to this store twice; to browse.....They have a vast selection of cool and awesome; quirky and hilarious books...And if you're into screaming shirts.. they have a ton of those here too; at a price level not worth it of my wallet though....The service is great.. I love the shoe selection...They carry some pieces of Tom Ford Sunglasses... Some selection of Toms which i totally regret not buying. (They had a limited edition pair of Toms with a red Toms sign at the back of the shoe.. It was like $125.00).Lots of cute little toys and accessories....They have cute stuff for kids and babies!!!!!
4	I LOVE Kitson and can't resist dropping in when I am near a location.The one at the Linq is HUGE, biggest Kitson I have ever seen!Two floor (men and kids upstairs)My favorite place to get gifts for friends and family, my son, husband and I all always find something funny and spend forever browsing, such a great addition to the strip!The staff is super nice, the selection endless, now if only the prices were a cheaper it would be 5 stars all the way!
5	So, I've always wanted to go to the Kitson in LA but never got a chance :(But I'm so happy there's a Kitson at the Linq on the Strip (SUCH a new trendy area that's like a Little LA in Vegas).This place has so many fun gifts, many that are specific to Las Vegas, such as mugs, pillows, shirts, etc. So, you've got both touristy and trendy. They of course carried James Franco leggings, Channing Tatum swimsuits, Brian Lichtenberg (LOVE HOMIES BUT CAN'T AFFORD), and other fun things. I did regret not buying one of their speciality Kitson logo sparkly bags. Oh well.
3	It was like a super expensive Urban Outfitters. I was here browsing as my boyfriend shopped in a store next door. There were lots of cool and neat things but I feel like I can spend my money on other things than a $200 pair of jeans and other uneccessary items.
3	Kitson and Urban Outfitters are like those cool twins you went to high school with who had a shared and unique killer sense of humor and fashion, except after graduation one went to NYC (UO) and one went to SoCal (Kitson) and they still somehow maintained the same basic style just with slightly different attitudes.Kitson, like UO, has a similar selection of gifts, accessories, and clothing for men and women, along with a few things for children mixed in. This location in particular has an elevator and second floor, where the mens and kids sections reside.Came here for Grumpy Cat's book release and ended up spending more than expected on gifts for friends- their selection of stat glasses and pillows is among their cooler and more appreciated gift options, but they do have several candles and a limited but carefully curated collection of earrings.Their clothing isn't to my liking, but before long I'll probably grab a pair of Ryan Gosling photo-collage leggings... you know, as a joke. Or to wear alone in my house as I obsessively watch his entire body...of work.
3	So.. This is place that celebrities shop at in LA.  I was not impressed. The clothes were expensive for the the quality.  They were promoting over priced t-shirts designed by the Khardashians.  T-shirts with logos that are a play on designer logos such as Prada and Hermes. Leave it to the Khardashians to make fake designer t shirts.   On the bright side, the novelty gifts were fun to look at.
5	Cool
4	2 floor Kitson. Awesome! Great variety of items for Home, Women, Men and kids.Great to stop by even if you're not buying anything. They have some unique stuff. They're almost like a more expensive Urban Outfitters. But def worth a look through.
5	Location/Store: Kitson is a great shopping addition to the Las Vegas Strip! It is a two-story store with an escalator in the shop! It has many similarities to the Urban Outfitters store at the Miracle Mile shop. I really love how convenient it is to get there from the Quad and parking is easy to find. The store is very clean, fun and vibrant! Once you walk in, you are greeted by a nice sales associate and they help you point out where everything is if you need help. I really like how organized it is. Women clothing on the bottom and men on top and of course, for kids!. There are also accessories and fun books and miscellaneous items on the first floor. Brand/Service: The brands that the store carries are very stylish and urban and you cannot find anywhere else but usually in California, New York and/or online. It is a bit pricey, but you pay for the brand and the quality is great! Everyone in the store is very helpful. I noticed that a lot of the sales associates were greeting everyone who they passed by! My last recent visit, I was helped by Viri. She is very nice and very helpful. I needed to buy a gift for my friend and I had no idea what size he was or what to even get him! She made it very personable by asking me questions with what my friend likes and asked what size he may be. Viri did not make it awkward at all. She made shopping fun and I knew I could trust her judgment because she is very stylish! At the end of my shopping, I came out with a nice gift for my friend and a few stuff for myself! (Thanks again, Viri!)Overall, Kitson is a fun, friendly and interactive store. There is great music always playing in the background and all the employees are always smiling and having fun with the customers! If you are ever in Vegas, check out the store! It is a new addition to Las Vegas and is doing great so far!
1	angry man working there...we were harassed by angry employee who accused us of taking a picture in the store... I will never step into this store again... I'd rather shop at Urban Outfitters.
4	This is a fun store to browse and shop! The items are pricey and it's like Urban Outfitters, but so many fun and funny items to look at.  There was a Grumpy cat section for fans who want their own Grumpy Gund cat, book, or journal.  I picked up the Maxine Christmas book and had some laughs.  Lots of funky items for the home too like pillows.  There's a small shoe section with Kate Spade shoes, jewelry, and clothing that are pricey.  Definitely a fun store to pick something up for a gift for that hard to buy for person or yourself.  I liked the pretty cards they had for about $6.  Conveniently located right by the Flamingo entrance that leads to the Linq Promenade.
4	Kitson in LA is one of my favorite stops and this one totally picks up the same vibe.It's a great one stop shopping for fun/cute gifts for friends and babies/kids. The brands are higher end but not exclusive, meaning that if you take the time to look elsewhere and shop around, you can buy the same items for less.That being said, I find it's a very convenient shop since they've selected to stock items in such a way that you don't need to weed through things - pretty much everything here will be well received. Love their selection of books for adults and kids and cute household items and kids clothes too!
3	This place is pretty cool with all the unique items that they have in inventory. I will say though that there was an associate who told my wife that no pictures were allowed...why I have no idea and I felt it to be pretty rude so I took a picture and wanted to ask her if it was ok to keep on my phone (hat) I needed up not finding her but continued shopping and found some rather peculiar items, which are definitely not suitable for the young at heart haha... Please take a look at the picture I took! You're sure to get a laugh as I did and actually purchased a few items as gag gifts! I'll be back for sure alas my wife loves this damn place though things are a bit more expensive than what you would expect to pay for clothes, books or novelty items.
5	This is a really cool store.  I could spend over an hour in there just looking at things.  They have a lot of little books and trinkets which are super funny and inappropriate.  I came in here with my mother who is in her 70's and thought she might be appalled for a second, but she also really enjoyed it.  There are a lot of other things that are cute, she even bought a few Christmas ornaments here.  Definitely worth going to if you are down by the Linq.  That whole little area is definitely worth going to.
4	Located right near the Linq, this place is perfect for quirky and weird gifts!-Has some adult humor gifts-Floor 1 is mostly gifts, souvenirs, books, cards, and sale items-Floor 2 is kids, apparel, toys, and hats-Great selection of gag gifts-Prices are from reasonable to expensive-Great to look around and browse in-Well staffed and everything is organizedIf you got that one weird and punny friend that it's hard to find a gift for, this is probably where you will be able to find it.
