2	At 16 years old, Cinedome is one of the oldest first run cinema in the city. The only real advantage is that it is freestanding and you may not want to take your kids to a casino, and it is the closest theater to Boulder City. There is no 3rd dimension or IMAX, or even imminent plans to update.----------------------- The closest newer theater (opened Oct 1997) with 3D is less than 3 miles away at Fiesta Henderson Casino, 777  West Lake Mead Parkway Henderson, 89015.
3	The Cinedome opened back in 1993, and being just down the street from my house, it is one of the theaters I have been to the most. They have done a few renovations over the years, but unfortunately, the place is starting to show its age.As the name implies, the Cinedome has 12 theater rooms inside. Sadly, they are a bit small and cramped compared to other, newer establishments, namely the many Regal theaters that have opened up across down. Of the 12 theaters, only 2 of them (the 2 "dome" ones) are of a decent, large size. A major flaw of this theater's outdated-ness is that they don't have a lot of the luxuries of newer theaters, namely 3D and IMAX showings of films. Like most movie theaters, this one has a snack bar. The selection of food items here is actually very good, though it too can't complete with the onslaught of items Regal has to offer. One thing I will say in their defense, though - The Cinedome has the best nacho cheese of any theater in town. Also like most theaters, the snacks are severely overpriced, and there are "no outside food and drink" signs now posted outside the building. An arcade is also part of the Cinedome, however the last time I was in there half the games were out of order. Very few of the games in there are what you would call "new", anyhow, and there aren't too many real classics either. It's a hit and miss arcade, though I'm grateful the theater has one at all. Regal opened a theater in the Fiesta Henderson in 2007 which blows this place out of the water. Everything this place doesn't have, they do - bigger theaters with better picture quality, a full-blown snack bar that offers a little bit of everything, a full-sized arcade right outside the theater, the list goes on.Despite the Cinedome's many flaws and being outdated, I won't deny that it is convenient - considering it is right down the road from my house and you don't have to walk through a casino/parking garage/etc. to get in. The Regal inside the Fiesta is a far superior theater, but if you just want to go watch a movie and aren't far away, you can get in and out here pretty conveniently. Final verdict? If you're in the area, you may as well go here if you don't want to go the extra mile or so to the Fiesta, or walk through their garage or casino. The Cinedome gets a firm recommendation, but Regal still blows them out of the water.
4	I am going to take a different stance on the Cinedome...I freaking love this place. Why, you may ask...but doesn't it have less amenities than new theaters? Yes, I can't deny that. But in a city where movies can run up to $11 a ticket, the Cinedome is the hot spot! Tickets here are cheap...Adult Matinee's are $4.50...evenings are $6.50...yeah, I said it...you can go to a first run movie for less than $7/ticket in Las Vegas. As Frank mentioned, they don't have 3-D, they don't have IMax...but if you are looking to just go enjoy a first run movie...this is the place to go. No frills, but you aren't paying for frills.The theaters are all old school style (no stadium seating), but they are clean, and the A/C works well during the hot summers. I've never had a problem with people sitting in front of me at the theater either...it gets busy, but not that busy. The concession stand may not include a  Starbucks, but the popcorn, candy and soda are cheaper than at any of the casino theaters.The Cinedome is pretty far south on Boulder Highway, but if you are in the area, it is totally worth it.
4	Older theater. Cheap tickets for first run movies. Love it!
5	Love this place! They have the latest movies at great prices. It's clean, the staff is very nice and even the concession stand is not outrageous.
4	At $6.50 for an evening movie, why wouldn't you go here?? Okay, so it's no Rave with 10ft of cubic space.. or whatever it is they offer, but its a movie theatre.. You sit down enjoy your movie and leave.. You're in the dark!! Who cares what it looks like??They aren't playing second hand movies, these are new.. And although it's somewhat of a drive from my house, it is always nice to not pay 10-11$ per person for something as simple as a movie.
2	Extremely old and outdated (you know, the feeling you get when you step into a grocery store like Von's or Albertson's and it was all original inside , never renovated?). I went here many times when I lived in the area, but haven't been back since (no reason, especially since I don't like it). If it was a popular movie, it would tend to get crowded since this is the only theater in the immediate area, especially during summer time.
3	While the price is right, it really is so outdated I won't be returning unless they happen to be playing something that I can't find anywhere else in Henderson. The theater is one of those tiny ones where the huge aisle is right in the middle. In other words, you'll never get that perfect middle seat - it doesn't exist! Also, the sound was pretty bad and the picture wasn't great. We were watching "Devil", and it wasn't all that scary because the theater wasn't even dark enough during the black out moments to really get the effect.  Major points for extending matinee prices till 6 PM - otherwise you might as well just see a movie at the $1 cinema. The quality is the same, you just wait a couple months and get to save $5.
4	This place is awesome and it is the only place my wife and I go see movies now.  It is right up the street and cheap!  It reminds me of the kinds of movie theatres I went to when I was a kid.  I love that it isn't in a casino!  And they have a cup you can buy that you can bring in for $3 refills of soda for a year.
4	Only thing preventing this place from getting 5 stars is the popcorn I had was not very good, it seemed old and was mostly kernels (but it was the last show of the night so I understand a little). Yes, the theatre is small and yes it is old, but for 6.50, I didn't mind at all. The theatre did seem to be relatively clean however. Why pay the extra few dollars to sit with 100+ people elsewhere?
4	Recently discovered this place.  $4.50 during the day cannot be beat!  This is the new palce where I take my kids to the movies.  Yes, the seats are not as nice as the Station Casinos, but the price is so awesome that it is totally worth it!
4	awesome out of the mix theater...28 dollars for 3 3d movie tickets....yes please..thats even with the fandango fee...this was all matinee prices of course but still...food prices about the norm for theaters...air hockey table in the little arcade is nice too..
3	This theater offered tickets for a Happy Potter double feature.  I bought the tickets though Fandango and only paid a total of $8.25 per tickets to watch 4:48 minutes of movie.  Not too bad of a deal I thought.  I had never been the the theater before but I figured it would not be that bad.The box office line was short.  The line for concessions was long.  They were running at full capacity but were still having problems everyone though quickly.  Once though we made it into the theater.  The seat recline WAY back and I am not a fan of that.  Once the movie began I noticed it was had to see the scenes that were at night (lack of definition) and the speaker system was rattling at times due to the bass.  Also during the intermission of the double feature all the use of the bathroom facilities (ran out of toilet paper too) caused a water pressure problem for the whole theater.  The water pressure problems seemed to resolve pretty quickly but it was inconvenient since the toilets would no longer flush and the lack of water pressure caused problems in the concession area.  I just went to another theater to see HP again and I have to say the quality of the projection and sound system were WAY better at the new place than Cinedome.   For the price I think this place is nice. It is not great and if you are wanting to watch an action movie with a full surround sound experience. In short I would say the Cinedome has its uses and is a good place to go if you are wanting to watch newly released movies on the cheap.
4	As far as going to a movie and not breaking the bank this is the place to go.  $6.50 for an evening show, can't beat that.  A giant bucket of popcorn and a large soda for $11 compared to $10 at some other theaters for just the 'corn.  Place is old and theaters are small but it is clean and the staff was friendly.The only issue:  my seat had some odd protruberance in the middle of the back which was annoying.  Solution?  Change seats.
4	Cheap place and they let you take your food in so you dont spend a ton of money.
3	this theater is pretty cool but its not a place to go for something really big like transformers or all those midnight shows we all want to see. i like it personally its not expensive and they have really good deals there.You might not get the full experiance of a regular theater but hey you can bring big group of people there and not have to worry about losing your entire check .But if you want to see a movie an you dont have alot of money this is the place to go i recomend it.
2	For $4.50 / matinee ticket, my wife says that I shouldn't bitch, but I'm going to anyway. The seats are smaller than a coach seat on a little commuter plane; the theater only holds about two dozen people, and it becomes very crowded, very quickly. The volume is set a little too low to overcome the sound of all of those candy wrappers, all that breathing, and the general susurration of any crowd of people. The "mix-and-match" candy bins, though - HELL YES I love that.
4	For $4.50 before 6pm and $6.50 after why would you not go?? Yes it is not as nice as the newer theaters but who cares? I'm going to see a movie. Only 4 stars because popcorn can be hit or miss
5	Need to give this place another shout out! $4.50 for a movie, show me a cheaper priced theater in the country other than your sisters cousins friends bootlegged copy on their wall projector.Great staff and the movie we saw today was in a remodeled theater with brand new seats.Going again tomorrow!!
5	I hope this place never goes away! My boyfriend and I are so glad we finally tried this theatre! He drives by it everyday and a few weeks ago we finally went to check it out and have been back pretty much every week. The prices are great $6.50 per person for an evening show and only $8.25 a person for 3-D! The whole place is very clean and the staff is friendly and helpful. The theaters are smaller but the quality is fantastic, seats are decent sized (and I ain't skinny) and look new. The concessions are always fresh and they offer mix and match self serve candy bins so that's fun! Also, there is also a great pizza place next door and is within walking distance of downtown henderson. Great place, great prices, great location! We just love it! Oh and just like any proper movie theatre there is an arcade complete with pin ball machines and an air hockey table.
4	This place is great. Not because I use to work there many years ago, but because this place has great prices and and great service. Matinees are $4.50 and Evening shows are $6.50. People prefer the other newer theaters but your paying a whole lot more. The one thing thats a bummer is that they are finally banning people brining in their own food and snacks. Back when I was working there until a year ago, they finally started cracking down. Thats what was great and seperated this theater from all the others. This place has 12 theaters. Its called Cinedome but only 2 theaters are actually domed lol. They upgraded the seating and painted some vibrant colors inside is about the only difference they have done since it opened during the mid 90's. It is outdated but they run first run movies and actually have a couple 3D screens as well. The snack bar is clean and they actually still have a bulk candy bin. I say if you want to watch first run movies at a great price and not as packed as the big places, this is the place. Until next time!!!
5	5 Stars for what it is!This theater kind of reminds me of the theater in the movie Gremlins - you walk right up to the ticket box to buy your ticket (the parking lot is right there, only steps from the entrance, unlike the modern mega-plex where you have to walk for what seems like miles to get in, and unlike theaters in casinos where you have to walk through the casino), the place is old fashioned, but it has it's charm.  The best part......   drum roll please   ......The prices are INCREDIBLE!  $4.50 for a matinee and $6.50 in the evening!  Sure beats the $10 or $11 at other places.The second best part.....  another drum roll if you will   .....The KETTLE KORN is amazing!  But if you go late call 1st and make sure they have it.  We prefer Century theaters for their great kettle korn.If you buy a large popcorn (regular of Kettle Korn) they'll refill free right away (ok secret tip:  they're actually cool here and if you're cool and subtle, you can bring it back on another day).Sometimes (but rarely) in the summer it's not "Cold" in the theater, but it's always pleasant, and the staff is EXCELLENT, they're actually FRIENDLY.  Amazing compared to other theaters.I love this place: the old time feel and the great prices make this a WIN!
4	Cinedome is a great theater for families.  I am so glad we gave it a try.  Matinees (which are all we go to with the lil ones) are only $4.50 almost half of the other theaters in our area.  Cinedome is a little bit of a drive but worth it.  The concessions are great.  They have kettle and regular corn and prices are quite a bit cheaper then other theaters.  I recommend signing up for their email club.  They send emails every week and are usually buy a fountain drink get a small popcorn free or something similar.  You can upgrade to a larger size and just pay the difference.  Such a great deal.  The concession stand gets backed up sometimes but the crew works fast and asks you what you want before you are at the counter so it is ready when it is you turn.  We used to not go to movies as a family to often cause for a family of 5 it was over $100 each time we went.  Now it is under $50 which is awesome!
4	This is not the nicest movie theater in town, or even close to it. However, ticket prices are what keep me coming back ($ 4.75 for matinee, and $ 6.75 for evenings). That's more like it! I spend enough of my hard money at these damn concession stands. For only fifty cents more, you can get our extra-large soda. Umm OK, so instead of $5.00, I pay $5.50? Get outta here... I'd rather sneak in my own drink -thanks. Not that I'd ever done that--No! The theaters are smallish, with no specified handicapped seating available. On occasion, we take our friend to the movies who is in a wheelchair and it is sometimes difficult to maneuver around. Despite the small inconvenience, we manage to see movies here -almost every weekend. There is also a cool arcade toward the front of the movie theater -in case your three year old just can't sit still in the movie. When you have a family, saving money where you can is important. This movie theater allows us to still get out occasionally and do things together -without breaking the bank. However, if you are trying to impress your date, this is not the place for you.
4	We went to see the Hobbit a few weeks ago and discovered the $12 for a popcorn and soda deal - best part?  For the rest of the year it is just $6 to refill both.  With ticket prices of $4.75 and $6 for soda and popcorn my wife and I can go to a good movie, enjoy a popcorn & soda, all for under $15.  Er, ahhh, in my case I guess I need to add a few more dollars to that as I am very fond of their pretzels!  : DAs opposed to what others have said I find the theater to be clean and well kept.  This is a great place to get a good deal at a great price.  Oh, the people here are very friendly to!I am a fan.
5	Best theater in vegas
5	You really can't argue with a theater that offers the same awesome cinema at the budget price - go and see whatever your heart desires and it won't take half your salary.  Friendly, low key, and surprising clean for such a cheap cover charge.Compared to the drive ins or the sketchy dollar cinema, this ones a steal.
4	This theater isn't new, it isn't state of the art... but with regard to value it can not be beat. Regular price tickets are only $6.75!! Most other theaters charge more for matinees. Here matinees are only $4.75!! Cinedome 12 doesn't offer up 3D or anything fancy like that. Fine by me, I hate wearing the stupid glasses. Theaters are small but even on a weekend we were the only people in our row for the movie we saw, and there was maybe a dozen others in the entire theater. This may not be a good place to see something the weekend it is released since it's small. The concession stand is nothing to write home about... You will find the typical overpriced candy, soda and popcorn. Don't expect anything fancy here. I wish I would have see the popcorn and soda deal another reviewer mentioned, I'll watch for it the next time I see a flick at Cinedome. I can see how some people may not like Cinedome 12 in Henderson since it's older and smaller. Personally, I love a bargain too much to not love this place!!
3	This old cinema's appeal is the pricing of movie tickets but, unfortunately, like everything else in life, you get what you pay for.  We paid our $6.75 a ticket and were on our way into the theater.  The older lady taking the tickets was chatting with the couple in front of us.  Although we were the only other ones waiting to have our tickets taken, the woman continued to chat with the couple and did not make eye contact with us.  It became frustrating standing there while they exchanged pleasantries ("Oh I love your outfit, you look so nice for a night out to the movies" "Oh thank you and yadda, yadda.").  Finally I kind of cleared my throat and still didn't manage to get the woman's attention.  When she eventually took our tickets she was still talking to the couple and not looking at us.  Horrible service, but what can I expect in a movie theater I guess...After that we made our way to the concession stand.  Don't let the ticket prices fool you - concessions are as overpriced here as anywhere else.  They had a pretty good "factory line" set-up.  You get popcorn, move forward to get your drink, move forward again to pick up your candy and then pay.  The theaters are small and we went to see a movie that had been out a while, so there were only about 6 people in the whole theater.  I would imagine this set up wouldn't be as good for a newly released movie drawing a lot of viewers.  The movie started and we quickly noticed the most annoying thing about our experience... we were in theater 9 and could hear very clearly the movie going on in theater 10.  It was SO frustrating to have to block it out!  They really have to do something about this.  The theater itself appears old and the seats aren't all that comfortable but, for less than 7 bucks a ticket, I can deal with that part.  And the price is the only reason this place is getting 3 stars... the rest of the experience, besides the average concessions, was pretty bad as far as movie theaters are concerned.  We might go back in the future to save a couple of bucks but will most likely pay a few more dollars to see newer movies at one of the Regal theaters.  I hope they see this and make the necessary changes...
3	There is nothing especially wrong with Cinedome 12.  They have 12 screens and, like newer theaters, digital projectors.  The sound is clear.  They have a snack bar that is conveniently close to each of the 12 theaters.  They keep it rather clean.  The seats recline in every other row which is nice given that it is the old gentle slope seating as opposed to the new fangled stadium style seating.  And the price is a fair $6.75 per person.  That all being said, I was simultaneously shocked, amused and disappointed last night after seeing the late night showing of Jurassic Park in 2D.  Yes, I said 2D.  My dad and I paid $6.75 each to see a 20 year old movie without the new 3D touch.  Get over it.  We get dizzy watching 3D shows.  Anyhow, the last showing of the evening was at 10 PM.  After the previews and the 2 hour film were over, my dad and I left the theatre walked through the empty lobby and out to the absolutely pitch black parking lot with zero lighting.  We were in disbeliefe.  The fact that they would turn off the lights before the customers have even left the building was astonishing.  It was a little creepy walking out there.  My dad had to use his clicker to flash the lights so we could simply find the car.  We started laughing at that point just happy to have not been locked in the building.  I guess I shouldn't complain too much though.  It was basically a private screening with just my dad and I in the theater.  Still, it felt like we were forgotten about and that to me is poor customer service.
5	This theater is not as close to home as many others but we only go here anymore.  The prices are much more reasonable than other theaters, the staff is friendly and polite and they show all the latest movies.  People in the audience are usually quiet and there does not seem to be a problem with people on their phones during the movie.  The popcorn it tasty and fresh and they give refills. Parking is right out front. Can't ask for anything more!!!!
3	Hidden gem in "old" hendo. I never even heard of this place until my realtor told me about it when I moved out past horizon. It's appeal is the pricing. You will easily spend more at the concessions then you will at the ticket window. This theater is a go-to for movies that don't run long and non-action movies. It's an old theater so the seats get uncomfortable after an extended period. The screens are smaller (besides the 2 that shows their new main features) and the quality isn't as great as the places where you will pay the typical "full movie price". The concession stand has everything you would come to expect at the overly inflated movie goer prices. Their kettle corn is really good though.If you want to see alive like Iron Man, it's worth it to go see it at a premium theater IMO
4	I moved to 'old' Henderson 2 years ago, and while exploring my new 'hood, I was delighted to see a stand alone theater that looked both functional, and on a bit of the 'old fashioned' side. I drove by a few times, noting that this cinema was indeed playing the latest movies that were offered at other theaters.I have 3 children, and one hot summer day in 2011, they were driving me absolutely bonkers! What better way to entertain them for at least 90 minutes than an air conditioned movie theater. They'd nibble on movie snacks and I could take a quick cat nap (just kidding! kinda...) in my seat while they watched a movie of their choice .The box office girls were pleasant and quick, and I was shocked at how CHEAP the matinee prices were! I also noted the evening show prices and was happy as well. Way under the typical $10+ ticket elsewhere.The ticket collector woman seems to always be the same one, no matter what time of the day we go. I think if I *don't* see her, it would mess up my whole routine experience-she is the little extra delight. She's dryly humorous, very matter of fact with her instructions as she greets you, but sometimes on good days, she gives a little commentary about the movie you're about to see. Snack bar prices are expected-a little pricey. They do offer snack packs for mini noshers like myself, or perfect for kids. Right around $5-$6, which pretty decent.If you get there early, you can kill time and play in the arcade. Air hockey is a highlight, and the room is big enough to accomodate a whole slew of kids, come school breaks, weekends, or Holidays.I've gone to every type of show from matinee, evening, even midnight showings of some of my favorites (you know where you absolutely HAVE to see it as soon as it comes out) and my experience has always been pleasant.This theater is great due to distance from my house and affordability. A true no frills theater with great employees. I'll be back, that's for sure.
5	Why would I not go here?! 1/2 the price of the other big casino theaters and 1/2 the crowds too. They still have every new release out there. Theater is well maintained and clean. Staff is very nice. Stop wasting money at regal and jump on this bandwagon.
5	This place is a great local theatre. It is a no fuse place to check out a movie. I went on a sunday and it was like 5 bucks. yes please. Got me some popcorn and saw a movie rather comfortably for under $10. I will continue to come back here to check out movies.
5	Love this theater! Prices are cheaper & they do get newly released movies! The concessions aren't discounted but paying almost $4 less per person is worth it, overall total is still less than a casino theater with no clouds of smoke to walk through. This is where we look 1st to see what's playing when we decide on a movie night.
4	Can't beat a night movie for $6.75! Sure it's not stadium seating and the theaters are small, but who cares when the price is so good?! As long as the place is clean, I don't need anything fancy. We saw a newly released movie on a Friday night and there was no problem finding a decent seat despite the small theater size. I generally don't see movies at the theater very often due to the price, but this place just might change that!
5	Perfect for the locals to avoid the hectic crowd and pricing of other theaters at the casinos.  No need to park at  a casino and pass through it to find the theater.
4	I love that this theater features brand new movies for very low prices! Matinees are $4.75 and evening movies $6.75. The popcorn is freshly made and delicious! If you like butter ask for it layered since they always do an excellent job. My sister and I always get there early since most of the theaters are on the small side and seats tend to fill up quickly. On the weekend it's the busiest but during the week there aren't as many people. For the value it's one of the best places to see brand new movies!
5	My family and I love this place! Cheap movie tickets, new releases, great snack bar and never crowded even on weekends. Great local place!
5	I will be honest if you are an audiophile or videophile where premium quality is your thing, this is not the place. But if you want to see a movie with comfortable seating, great pricing, affordable snack bar and pretty good projector and sound this is the place.
4	I've taken to watching movies here every week lately, it seems. I love that it's cheap. The snacks are super expensive, which is to be expected. But damn if those Icees aren't delicious.
5	Loved that I was able to see my movie in 3D! It made the movie so much better!Theater was clean and the staff seemed helpful and happy.
5	Great place to see new movies for cheap. The popcorn and snacks are awesome too!!! There aren't many places where tickets are less than $10 a person. It has a great little arcade too. Everyone should check it out
4	Well priced. Away from tourist location. Good spacing between seats. I go here very often. If there is an issue they will fix it right away!
4	One of the better movie theaters I've been to. Went one night with some friends and was very surprised to find that we were the only ones in the theater. Image quality was excellent (digital) and the sound was also very good. Prices are also much better than anything I've seen in my home state (save for the dollar theaters).
3	Maybe I'm spoiled by the new galaxy Theater on Sunset, but this theater is very small and the seats are rather uncomfortable. Ticket prices however were very reasonable and concessions weren't terribly overpriced either. One of my friends who is like a mother to me favors this theater over many others in the area and so I will happily return with her.
