4	Extremely clean, well organized 7 for All Mankind boutique. The employees here were quite friendly and knowledgeable and were able to help me out with pretty much any question I threw out at them.Right now, since most retail stores are hurting because of the economy, there are more things on sale than you might think. :) I was able to find a couple of things on sale here - nicely priced for the quality I'm paying for. Sure, 7's are pricier than jeans from The Gap and Banana Republic, but they outlast all my other pairs too.I might have to start coming to Vegas more often to do my shopping, since the glorious state of California raised the sales tax to 9.25%!!!4 shakas! I'll be back...I love the boutique, but I love The Shoppes at The Palazzo too!!
5	OK, so I love my 7s. I have more than 7 7s. No jean is more comfortable so I keep buying them and my wife keeps threatening divorce.This store doesn't help. I've been to the one in NYC and this one, and what I love are all the styles you just can't find elsewhere.Their attempts to branch beyond jeans are somewhat uninspired but how can you go wrong with all-you-can-eat 7s in one place?Appropriate pushiness in servers.Samba!!!
2	Bad customer service.  Rude girl working, didn't give us the time of day until we wanted to actually buy jeans.  Not a good way encourage repeat customers.
5	I had a great time looking for new 7's here. Jayson and the other guy, whose name I forgot, took really good care of me and my wife.  I went to the 7's outlet and couldn't find anything in my size, 36, go figure. Yes, buying from this store is expensive but the product is quality. The store is very nice, no bad vibes here. I'll be back next time I'm in Las Vegas.
4	Yay, I'm the 7th review for 7 For All Mankind. We came here while shopping at the Palazzo, and my cousins wanted to stop by and buy some jeans. We were with my elderly aunt, and thank goodness there were couches for her to rest on while my cousins shopped around. The staff here are really sweet, offering help to my cousins who were shopping, bringing bottles of water for the group (average temperature on that day was 110+ degrees), and making helpful suggestions regarding sizes, fit, and more. Everyone was very friendly and considerate. Our shopping trip here was very successful and fun. If you need some jeans while in Las Vegas, make sure to stop by!
