5	My Bestie's fam used to own Royal Thai.....just like homecook'n.My favorite spot (besides her house) for Thai food.
5	Went here the other night with my girl.  It's a cozy little place with nice decorations.  The food's pretty good.  We tried the fried rice with some sort of fried fish in it (forgot what it's called) and fried oysters with pad thai sauce.  For dessert we got the durian with sweet rice and the roti with pandan filling.The owner was really friendly to boot.  I'd definitely come back here to try more of their dishes.
5	Home cooking in a nice, clean, friendly place off Sahara Ave.  Fantastic spring rolls and yellow curry. Will definitely come back.
4	The food here is always really good and really fresh. I work really close so me and my co workers order here at least twice a week if not more. The owners are always super amazing, and always deliver the food really quick. A def. go to place
3	The Thai iced tea was very sweet.  I don't mind this, but it may be too sweet for some.  I ordered the koi soy (noodles in a curry soup), one of my favorite Thai dishes.  I found it to be a little bland, but still good.  I ordered medium heat, but the curry in the koi soy was barely hot at all.  I also ordered the crab fried rice, and was a little more pleased with it.  The rice was light and fluffy, and not at all greasey.  Again, the flavor was a little more bland than I prefer.Based on my initial visit, this is a rather average Thai restaurant.  I would return if I was with friends and in the area, but I wouldn't seek it out.
5	I found this restaurant while in the neighborhood looking for another Thai place. The hostess was very friendly and brought me a side of "Nam Pra Prix" -- a hot sauce that enlightened my chicken curry (forgot what kind!), which was exceptional. I have attached a picture for your total enjoyment. Will go back soon. :)
4	We love this place. They have very good Thai food for a good price. We were so surprised and happy when we tried it.
4	My husband & I come  to eat here all the time. The food is very good. And the staff is just amazing. We look forward to coming back as often as possible!
5	I love this restaurant!! Last time I had the duck curry something and it was great. Every time I go to this restaurant I feel like I actually was in Thailand!!!!
4	Sorry to hear this place closed!  I went here many times, mainly for lunch, and in an area that is a little downtroden, in a mini-mall...and from the outside, it looked like nothing special.  When you walk in, you are in the most lovely place with friendly and warm service, cute and colorful thai decor, large portions, good/clean cooking style, and quality.I wish the ownership and staff well...and kind thanks for many happy meals I received.
