5	Dollar Mania has a wonderful selection of $1 items as well as a few things for $2 or $3 (which are very clearly marked).  I particularly like the craft selection!  This place has everything from soup to nuts and cleaners to dishes.  It has just as much stuff as those chain stores, but I am thrilled to find such a great dollar store that is LOCALLY OWNED!  I'm a customer for life, and I want others to know about it!
5	Dollar Mania is my new go-to dollar store!  They have a great selection of products ... but this is not a 99 Cent store ... but all are very good values.  The people are wonderful!  This is a family-owned business and they make every effort to make their customers part of the family!  I recommend that if you haven't visited this store, you should ... you'll find some great surprises!
4	Dollar Mania is a solid discount store. They have a pretty good selection of items, and their prices are very reasonable (some things are more than $1). Their customer service is great. The store is clean and well organized, unlike many discount stores. I've been there a few times, and I'll certainly be back in the future.
5	This place has everything! I love to shop at Dollar Mania for holiday decorations, party supplies, gift bags, candy and more! It's a great feeling to fill up your cart and not be worried about the grand total! This dollar store carries Halloween costumes, kitchen utensils, school supplies, laundry and gardening items, housekeeping and cleaning products, even baby stuff and dog toys. Upon walking into this store, it's clear that the owners take lots of pride in their shop. It's the cleanest dollar store I've ever seen! The staff is very friendly and will even order something you are looking for if they don't carry that item. Next time you have a long shopping list, begin shopping at Dollar Mania and see how much money you can save versus the bigger chain stores. I think most people can benefit from saving few dollars, right? Yep! Including me!
5	Okay.....absolutely LOVE this store. They have so many great costumes for Halloween right now which is amazing. They have a huge selection of make up, jewelry, scarfs, the whole bit! (I'm also a bit of a makeup-a-holic) :) Love this place! Staff is extremely nice and store is very clean and well-maintained!
5	Best dollar store EVER! My goodness this place is huge and has everything you can imagine and a ton of other things you didn't know you wanted. They always have a large and awesome selection of themed products for every holiday and occasion. I saw the coolest Halloween decorations the other day and picked up accessories for my costume. I also loved how sweet the employees were and was pleasantly surprised to find out that they're an independent, family owned store. I dare you to walk and attempt to control your ideas. It's impossible because this place just inspires you to create a ton of projects. #DollarStoreLove #ShopDollarMania
