5	I'm surprised that I'm the first first to write a review of Dr. Hunt's office considering she was named Top Doc in OB/GYN in 2009 in Phoenix Magazine. Because of that I have to wait a lot longer to get in with her and sometimes the wait in the office is a little long but it's only because she's so good and now so popular. I found doctor Hunt when I was nearly eight months pregnant with the toddler and couldn't find a single doctor in town who would perform an elective c-section. Switching at the last minute is a little unnerving but I loved her immediately. She takes the time to talk to you and you you don't feel judged, in effect when working with her. Trust me. I got it a lot when I was looking for a doctor. Most people don't write gory details on yelp (at least not non-food related ones) but here they are (the edited version). On the day I was filleted open like a salmon, Dr. Hunt performed the entire cesarean in about 20 minutes. How many people pushing can say that? (Not that I have anything against pushing.) Also (probably a Scottsdale bonus) she stitched me up plastic surgeon style with all the stitches inside. Beautiful work. (As beautiful as it could be at least.)  I've continued to see her since and I've referred a lot of friends to her. There's a reason she was named the Top Doc and I was apprehensive to even write a review of her because more of y'all will flock to her and it will be even harder to get it but she's worth it. So go ahead. Make your appointments. I'll wait my turn.
2	As you can see I don't give many 2 star reviews, actually I never have this would be my first. The reason for 2 stars is because first off, does anyone actually see Dr. Hunt? Everyone of my friends doesn't even see her! You see here assistance's. The other thing that is SUPER annoying is when I book an appointment, I expect to be seen at that time. I understand sometimes people are running late but 45-to an hour wait when you HAVE an appointment is ridiculous! Tip to you ladies there.... either DON'T schedule as many patients in a day... or don't don't accept new patients if you can't handle that many.Thanks!
2	I was very impressed when I scheduled my first appointment as everyone was nice on the phone. It was just for an annual exam, but requested Dr. Hunt due to the fact I knew I had a sensitive problem I needed help with (I moved prior to my old doctor helping me.) I arrived a few minutes early but ended up waiting for about an hour. I understand that's part of doctor appointments, so I didn't let it bother me. So I went in and was seen by a new assistant who stated she had just started working there. Ok, the doctor may be busy, but I thought I had scheduled my appointment with Dr. Hunt? I explained that my IUD was MIA and needed reassurance on what to do next. After my exam, the assistant confirmed it was MIA and told me I needed to book an operating room to have it removed. I asked her several questions, but she kept telling me she wasn't sure. I appreciated the honesty, but when paying for an office visit, I do expect answers or a referral to someone who can answer my questions. She handed me off to the front desk. Yikes, I would have like some reassurance or explanation since I've never had any type of procedure, or broken bone, or anything that requires anything longer than an hour appointment for anything! The front desk seemed annoyed when I asked how to find an OR or to see how much this was going to cost. They said they would have Dr. Hunt call me and they would try to get a "quote" from insurance companies. So a few days later I received a phone call from an employee attempting to book the OR procedure. I explained I still wasn't sure what was going on... Did they know how much the procedure was going to cost? Could I drive home afterward? Did I need to take time off work? What was going to happen? Again was told Dr. Hunt would call me. Well I never heard back from anyone and honestly won't be rescheduling another appointment here. I was disappointed due to the other great  reviews, but my experience felt like a trip through an automated car wash. Bummer. It was very clean and parking was easy. So two stars is the best I can do!
5	Dr. Hunt is AMAZING! I have been a patient of hers since 2006 or so, and I trust no one else with my gynecological care. There are times where she is running a bit behind, mostly because she has been called in to delivery a baby, but in my opinion that is something that you should expect if you are going to see an OB/GYN. When the day comes for my own baby's delivery, I will be very happy that Dr. Hunt is right across the street from the hospital and can leave quickly to attend to my birth, so hopefully more patients are understanding of this when waiting in the waiting room.  Her staff is extremely nice, and I love the fact that I can have my labs drawn by LabCorp at her office and not have to make another stop on the way home to have this done.She is also an amazing pelvic surgeon.  If I have to deliver by C-section, I will be very happy that she is my doctor.  I have seen her C-section scars (many friends have gone to her) and her incisions are almost unnoticeable.  She states that she closes her incisions with esthetics in mind. I love that.And she is one of the nicest doctors I have met - she has a great bedside manner, is extremely progressive in her knowledge of OB/GYN topics, and always counsels me on whole body and health topics such as Vitamin D deficiency, exercise, and food choices, to name a few.If you are looking for a fantastic OB/GYN, look no further.  She is a Top Doc for a very good reason!
1	I also wrote this same review under just Dr. Hunt, but I figured I should also put it on their office to review as well. I have a very detailed review regarding my experience with Dr. Hunt and her staff on google and Angie's list, however, I am limited on my space, so I will only tell the basics.I had been a patient of Dr. Hunt's office for over 4 years. Dr. Hunt even delivered my 1st baby. Until I was pregnant, I never saw the same Dr. or NP twice in a row. Once I became pregnant, I mostly saw just Dr. Hunt (besides 2 times because she wasn't in). Throughout the years the waiting time got longer and longer. Almost every time I went in, the waiting room was full. There were times I waited up to an hour and 15 minutes, while I was pregnant. There were also times that I had to reschedule because they had over booked their patients and I didn't have the time to wait because I had to go back to work. Basically, they seemed to be very unorganized.The staff were friendly, but very incompetent and had lack of communication.It makes sense why they had such a high turnover, and even then, they couldn't get it right. I can't even tell you how many messages I had left with no avail, which is what ultimately led to me finally finding another Doctor.Dr. Hunt is a very knowledgeable doctor, however, she lacks the bed side manner that most women want in an Ob/gyn. She comes off very passive and, at times, very insincere.It turns out, that if you have any questions or concerns and Dr. Hunt is not "available", whether it be her day off or she's out of town, you are to wait until her return.This had happened to me on numerous occasions. Not even her medical assistant, Anne, is able to get a hold of her and/or answer you questions, nor does she know how to return phone calls. Finally, after much frustration, I spoke to Dr. Hunt. I was thinking that once I spoke to Dr. Hunt, I would express my concerns and she would make me feel better. To my surprise, she did the exact opposite.I addressed my frustration regarding receiving a return call when I have questions or concerns about prescribed medicine and/ or a question I may of forgot to ask while I was in there earlier that day/week, and how I didn't like that it would take me several days to get an answer. She, Dr. Hunt, proceeded to tell that, if she was off or out of town and my concerns were not " an emergency" or "important", that I had to wait. I expressed my confusion and told her that I was shocked how she ran her office. It was then, with a very matter-of-fact attitude, she said to me " maybe it's time you find another doctor". Shocked, I told her, I planned to. I was in a bit of dis-belief that she was quick to shoo me as a patient, as well as, the fact that she had no regard to my concerns or the obvious problems within her office.I have since found another doctor, which I really like, but I am upset that I stayed with Dr. Hunt for so long. I trusted her. I let her deliver my baby. I should've found another doctor earlier, but to be honest, I didn't want to look for a new one once I became pregnant, which is when things in her office, really, became an issue.  This was, by far, the worst experience I have had with any kind of doctor. Lessened learned. I,now, do my homework when looking for doctors, which is how I found my new doctor, and hope it will help YOU to find a good doctor as well.
5	Had Dr. Hartzfeld and she was GREAT! I LOVED her! Always left happy after my appointments with her! She delivered my baby boy and it went smooth and fast! I would definitely see her again when I am pregnant with my second baby!
2	I was a patient for years, but in the last year and a half, service has fallen off greatly.  The office staff is simply too busy to get to callers promptly and if you leave a message, don't hold your breath on being called back.  A couple years ago there was a PA Mimi who was great, but she has left the practice. There was another doctor working with this practice too, but she is also gone, leaving just Dr Hunt.  In my experience as a fairly routine patient, Dr Hunt is knowledgeable enough, but leaves you feeling pretty unimportant as a patient.  Its crazy long wait times in the office and on the phone.  MAs and office staff are friendly, but its not enough to make up for the feeling of being just another patient run through the office, instead of a person who is a patient with needs.
1	I am writing this review as I am sitting in the waiting room. They are running an hour behind. AN HOUR! This is very typical, and not only that but it takes weeks to get in. Please stop accepting new patients. I have a complicated medical history, which is the only thing that's kept me at this practice for so long. First, I do like Dr Hunt. She is very knowledgable. But I do agree with another poster about her bedside manner. I hardly feel like she even knows me (even though she's been my doctor for 5 years and delivered my son). Everyone in the office is really nice. They are just extremely unorganized. 3 people have left and rescheduled in the 30 minutes I've been sitting here because they've been waiting so long. I also agree about the phone calls. Don't plan on getting a call back from anyone. I've left numerous messages for Dr Hunts nurse/assistant and have never heard back from her. Never! The office is clean and easy to get to. Pregnant ladies beware, it is on the second floor. There is elevator access. I think it's time to find a new doctor. The wait times, combined with being shuffled in an out very quickly just isn't working for me anymore. I want a doctor that knows me, that I feel comfortable with, and an office that will return a phone call.
2	So, I've decided to give Desert Jewel one more star upon my update.My original review was from last week. Right after I wrote that not so nice review, I met with Dr Hunt. She answered all my questions, and I told her my husband and I were ready to start a fertility drug earlier than we had originally planned. I felt like she listened, and didn't think twice about trying to convince me otherwise. It was probably one of the best appointments I've had with her. So really, my complaints aren't so much with her, or the niceness of the staff, its just about the way the office is run. I was supposed to start that medication today, but it was contingent upon my ultrasound results from yesterday. Dr Hunt's medical assistant was in the room while I was getting my ultrasound. I made it very to clear to her that I needed a call back from someone today because I needed to start the medicine on this exact date. She assured me Dr Hunt or herself would call me first thing in the morning.It is now 420 in the afternoon and I just got off the phone with Erin (spelling?) in the front office....ONLY because I called to get my own info. Erin was great, answered my questions and gave me the go ahead to start the drug. Then she double checked to make sure I didn't have any other questions. I just don't understand why its so hard to get a call back? I really do like coming here aside from the long waits, and other complaints. Everyone is very nice and I would like for Dr Hunt to continue to be my OBGYN. Please, just manage the office better! I must also add, that my appointment was at 215 yesterday, I was in, out, and done with my ultrasound by 245. That was record timing. I don't know if it was just an off day, or if things have shaped up regarding the reviews. I hope it continues to be like that.
1	Although Dr. Hartzfeld is a very kind person, the service at this practice is general in anything but prompt. I have to call over and over again to get my results to testing and even then I'm usually told that my call will be returned..and it isn't. They are always pushing appts even when it's not necessary. Also I agree with most other reviews, definitely expect to wait for said appts. These are all scary experiences when you just want to know what's wrong. I'm switching offices ASAP.
1	When I went to Dr. Hunt I had been warned about the long wait times and in order to get a great doc I was willing to deal with that. The wait time are long...over an hour at times and I never felt like anyone on her staff, including the doctor, cared about me at all.  Hunt's staff is horrible. I mean, you are there pretty regularly during tour 9 month pregnancy and a little more warmth would be nice. I also had a horrible birth experience. They kept telling me that my little one was growth restricted and the wanted to deliver/induce me at 36 weeks. My husband was adamantly opposed to that and I was trying to trust my doctor (after all she should know best).  Finally I was induced at 39 weeks and after spending 34 hours in labor and being pumped so full of petocin that my blood pressure kept bottoming out and the baby's heart rate kept dropping I had to have an emergency c-section with the on call doctor whom I had never even met before. Who induces someone in a fay they know they won't be available to deliver? The on call doc pulled him out and pronounced that he was not IUGR after all! Induced for nothing. Through that whole thing the on call doc had much more compassion the Dr.  Hunt. Needless to say I will never be going back.
5	All the gals are amazing and were able to squeeze me in same day. They were extremely comforting/patient with me when I was asking all of my questions which I'm sure they've heard a thousand times before.
5	I have been going to Dr Hunt for years. She is extremely intelligent, supportive , and finds solutions .. After 10 plus years of hot flashes she has finally found my personal tailored solutions.  If your looking for a Ob/ Gyn that also uses bio identical treatments she is the best doctor !!! To many people want quick visit but the medical profession can not be reduced to a doc in the box. Therefor, be patient when wanting for the best! I know friends have posted reviews that Yelp does not post. Not sure why they wouldn't want the community to see the positive reviews her patients and other local doctors may have. This doctor has a great reputation .
