4	the best part about this hotel on the mountain is just that - the fact that it is on a big ass mountain. that and it has an ok gym, great pool, decent waterslide, and amazing hottubs that are hidden up in the rock. they have their own waterfalls which are amazing and the service/bars/restaurants there are pretty decent too. it isn't as classy as the hyatt or the boulders but it's pretty good.
5	Awesome location set among the Tempe Buttes (with a long E). Great pool area, including live music on weekends, a small water slide, swim-through passageway, and activities for kids. Lovely rooms-- ask for one with a deck facing the pool. There are several Jacuzzis set among the rocks, which is very unusual and romantic. Look for specials for under $100 during the summer months.
3	So, as the other reviewer mentioned the best part of this hotel is that on a mountain that makes it very different to stay at. The pool is really nice but let's remember it's ssooooo hot in Phoenix AZ.  Also, the other part that's kewl is the say you stayed somewhere called The Buttes!
4	The Buttes was built on rocks with rock and they have a big pool.  There gym is open 24 hours and they had free grapes.I love good service but I hate having a guy carry my bag or tend to my every need.  I just want to stay in a cabin with a stream.
4	The educational conference that I attended this weekend was at The Buttes, Marriott. A cool place to be, but I couldn't afford to stay here.Like David D. said - the best part of the hotel is that it's on a big mountain and the vistas are beautiful and breath taking. Thankfully, my visit here is in the spring time, and the weather has been glorious! However, I can imagine what it would be like to be here in the summer heat - uh no, I don't think so.The hotel's conference area is not huge, but it was enough for the venue I was attending. The conference sponsors provided both breakfast and lunch for the attendees - and I have to admit that the food was very good. The hotel staff was also very attentive and responsive. The only complaint I have was that the rooms got a bit too cold during the presentations making it uncomfortable to sit still while listening to the lectures and presentations.I understand that the conference will be held at this site again next year and I'll making a point to return again.
4	I liked this resort built among rocks, especially since I was able to stay there for a business trip. I pretended I was on vacation and laid out by the pool. I like the split pool with the volleyball net on one side and the slide on the other. My spirit fell when I saw the slide was closed but luckily it opened up later on. I was able to fulfill my childhood dream of going to raging waters...well, it was close enough! Room was clean and comfortable but no free wifi. =( The staff was extremely courteous and service-oriented. They even brought ice to my room without being asked! Now that's service! I didn't get to take advantage of the spa or gym but I'm sure it would have been great. Next time perhaps...
4	We stayed at The Buttes last year and really liked it. We were given a friendly welcome and everyone was so hospitable and helpful. We liked the layout of the room and it was very clean. The setting is beautiful. Nestled in what seems like a small mountainside (rocky), the resort feels like you're away from a city. The pool was very nice and the place is very quiet and relaxing, but still kid-friendly.For the price, I think it's a good deal.
2	I was surprised that a resort could be so mediocre.  Here's my take (and I stay here rather regularly due to business travel):+ Cookies at your bedside in the evenings+ Complimentary bottle of water + Shower is awesome+ Pool is extra huge and relaxing- Decor is so 1980s/1990s- Insects are pretty common here for some reason. Yesterday I had to kill some small flying thing.- Driving from the lobby to the rooms.  This was a little confusing when I first came here.- No special amenity for Silver or Gold members.  Only Platinum members get special stuff.
1	I'm writing this review as I'm on hold with the Buttes' accounting department for the 3rd time this week. I've never had an experience this bad at any hotel. period.The first night that I checked in, I was put in a room with a murphy bed (that's right). It was late, I was tired. I accepted. It was around 12.30am. At around 1.45am, I noticed that I was sweating from my feet. It was ridiculously hot (Tempe in the fall is apparently no different from Tempe in the summer). I called the front-desk to let them know the air conditioning wasn't working, and apparently there wasn't an engineer on site, and there were no other rooms available. So, I sweated it out.6am, I get a rude awakening from an engineer who tries to fix the air conditioning. He blames me for having set the air conditioning to 67F (apparently 69 is what is recommended). But the temperature in the room the time that he measured it was 78F. Anyhow, he fixes the AC, and off I go.I come back that night, only to find out the AC is bust AGAIN. I call the front desk, the engineers spend a half hour trying to fix it. And they claim they have. But exactly a half hour later at 9.30pm, the AC dies again. I call the front desk, ask them to move me, and guess what - they're out of rooms. So I walk out of the hotel, and move to a cozy Hilton a sweet 1.5 miles away.Now, I've been on the phone with Caroline from Butte's Accoutning, and she claims that front desk moved me to "several different rooms" at which point I was "uncooperative". I don't usually go out of my way to write a review this crazy, but when I'm called a liar, a switch flips in my head. And for an establishment of this size, to call me a liar, a customer who has diligently paid money (around $250 a night with taxes), is just preposterous. All I'm trying to do right now, is get my money back which is looking unlikely. I've spent about an hour with Customer Serivce and Accounting.Please, don't stay here. There is a nice Hilton by the airport 1.5 miles away. Do yourself a favor and avoid these pricks.
3	I had to pick up my friend who had just returned her rental car but had about 90 minutes to get a bite to eat and a cocktail before I dropped her off at the airport. We decided to try the Buttes.  Positive - Valet service was excellent, left my car close since we were time constrained. The facility and view were excellent. We sat outside in the very nice weather. The view is excellent, you can get quite a panoramic view of the valley. You can see the planes as they approach sky harbor which was cool.   Not so Positive - the service at the bar was not good. I had to walk back inside to get a menu and second round of drinks.   Neutral - the food was adequate. Nothing to write hop about.
3	I stayed here a few weeks ago during a meeting and I thought it was cool how the hotel is built into the rocks. Well, it was cool initially, until I realized my room was quite a trek (or a golf cart ride) from the lobby and meeting areas. The rooms themselves are clean and comfortable, but seem dated - no flat screens, loud a/c, etc. Some of my coworkers also had issues with broken a/c, insects, and noise. I didn't have any of those problems, but my room faced the rocks and even though it was on the 3rd floor, there was a path right outside my window and it was kind of weird to see people walking by at times. Unfortunately, I didn't get a chance to enjoy the pool and the water slide, but they looked really nice. Their spa also has happy hour specials Mon-Thurs and some treatments are half off! Next time! The meeting facilities are nice and they have some really large auditoriums and meeting rooms for conferences. All the staff I dealt with here was very nice and accommodating I think the number of stars this place gets is inversely proportional to the price you pay. I've heard that rooms here can go for as much as $300+ in which case I would be severely disappointed. But for around $100, it would be a good deal. The area around the hotel isn't the greatest and there isn't much to do without driving out somewhere. Also note that parking is not included and I think costs about $9/day.
5	This is my favourite resort to stay in phoenix.  it is a bit pricey, but you pay for the wonderful views, excellent pool and relaxing atmosphere.  I used to visit here when it was owned by another company, but the name is still the same.  Quite a few professional atheltes have also stayed when I have visited.  Do rent a car if you plan to leave the resort, but why?... you have everything you need =D
4	Wanna know how to stay at this beautiful resort for cheap, go to Phoenix in the middle of summer!  That's how my company likes to roll out projects, during the worst seasons of the year.  They have sent me during winter time back east, and they sent me to Phoenix in August when temperatures were 110 degrees F during the daytime.  I don't do well in extreme temps. The lobby area was really nice and they offered iced cold glasses of fruit infused water which hit the spot.  To show me to my room, they had a guy in a golf cart lead me in my car to the building were my room was and he offered me a cold bottle of water before we left.  Every time I came back from work, I had either cookies or candy waiting for me on the table. The rooms were spacious and beds were so fluffy and soft.  The pool area is the best part of the property.  Too bad I was always too exhausted from work to take a dip.  I regret it now.  Another awesome feature is it's location.  It is in an elevated spot and there are hiking trails and best part...it is right next to the spring training camp of the LA Angeles of Anaheim, Diablo Stadium, ironic name.  I would love to come back for a weekend vacay or maybe check out baseball spring training.
4	This is a nice Marriott.  The layout is great with multple pools, and restaurants.  A good sized convention center for medium sized groups.  We got a good rate on the rooms with the group booking.  There is a spa and a good workout room.
4	Very nice 3-star resort. It's not as nice as the other area Marriott resorts Camelback Inn and Desert Ridge, but it's a good value and relatively inexpensive. The lobby is beautiful and the entire hotel is built into the buttes (hence the name). The pool area has multi levels so if anyone in your group has some trouble getting around or is handicapped, I wouldn't recommend this place. If your group is able-bodied, it's a really unique place to stay. Skip the breakfast restaurant and drive off-site for a bit to eat. it's expensive and not that good. Rooms were well equipped with bathrobes, hair dryers, and complete shower amenities.
2	Let me start by saying this is a review of the Narande Spa at the Buttes only.  I didn't stay at the hotel but partook in SpaWeek and had a 50-minute massage at the Spa.  This spa is very small and a strange setup.   It almost seems as the "spa" was an afterthought for the hotel and is quickly outgrowing the space they have allotted for it. You check in and then go to your womens/mens locker room to change into your robe and then come back out to the check-in area in your robe (which is also where people are getting manicures/pedicures) - so far- not relaxing..  They then usher you out the door and across the hall (which is a hallway filled with hotel rooms).  Across the hall is your "relaxation room"  aka a hotel room with the bed removed and some chairs, magazines and some fancy water with pineapple, oranges and cucumber floating in it. When its your turn , they come into the room grab you and bring you back across the hall to your treatment room which is back where the locker rooms are.  The actual treatment room they put me in had a wall divider used so I could sometimes hear the people in the next room.  Overall, the masseuse was really good, but the atmosphere its self wasn't that calm and relaxing.   The locker room was really small and when there were 6 women trying to get ready it was a real cluster.  I'm assuming it was only this busy because of Spa Week and wouldn't be this crowded on a typical day.
4	This review is for their Sunday Champagne Brunch only, and let me tell you what, it was the SHIT!If you are ever in the mood for a wide array of seafood, sliced meats, omelets with whatever the hell you want on them, pastas, french toast & pancakes made to order, chocolate fondue, soups and all the fruit you can sink your teeth into, accompanied by complimentary champagne or mimosas, etc. etc. etc. then you should totally come here. The location is pretty great, tucked away from the craziness that is Phoenix and the views are awesome if you're into the desert. The staff are SUPER attentive, it was almost annoying because I was having a conversation and I hate talking when they come over, I don't know why, but I just stop convo until they leave..... But hey, at least my mimosa flute was never less than half full. On top of all that, they have complimentary valet. Radical. Id really really like to check out their pool in the near future because I hear its pretty fantastic. If anyone else is unemployed and bored out of their mind like myself, holler.. I'm excellent at pool crashing and day drinking.
4	This is definitely a spectacular hotel.  I've stayed here two separate times and will summarize both here.Setting:The hotel is built into a rock, quite literally.  It's pretty powerful driving up for the first time.  There's not a whole lot by way of food or things to do in the immediate vicinity, but you're no more than 15 minutes from downtown Tempe and Mill St, and maybe 25 minutes from Scottsdale.  So the hotel feels tucked away and private but is only three minutes from the freeway.  It's also up a hill so you get a pretty nice view of the rest of PHX/Tempe.  So not as walkable as I'm sure some other properties nearby are, but you get a sweet view to make up for it.Rooms:Just really uniquely set up, with a kind of spanish style layout.  The TVs are the old school kind, not the flat screen, but I don't watch TV generally so it didn't bother me.  The showers are spacious and almost like the waterfall style showerheads so you can totally relax in them.  One of the best parts of my first stay anyways was the fact they hooked up chocolate/fresh baked cookies in the hotel rooms for turndown service.  Utterly unbeatable.  Probably the only reason they have four stars and not five is that the second time, I didn't get them at all during my stay, until I found out a buddy was still getting the cookies, prompting me to call and find out what the deal was.  Turns out they had forgotten or something.  Anyone who knows me knows I need me some cookies.  So anyways the guy comes by with some "chocolate chip cookies" only they turn out to be oatmeal raisin.  Buzzkill.Amenities/Resources:Top notch.  You get all the Aveda stuff in the rooms, definitely high class, and you get large bottles of it too.  The pool area is expansive and really nice to chill out at.  There's around 6 jacuzzis tucked in little nooks around the pool.  Breakfast is awesome, far better than the normal Marriott fare - they've got eggs benedict, custom omelettes, and other awesome stuff.  The first time I stayed they had fruit and cheese blintzes which was absurdly good.  Service at the breakfast buffet is top notch as well, and it's free (or possibly just if you're Marriott elite, not sure).  Haven't tried the spa yet - it seems a bit steep.
5	I spent 3 nights here this weekend  (May 2010) - we were here for my daughters orientation for ASU.  The hotel was GREAT!  I almost cancelled after reading some of the less favorable reviews and am glad i did not.  This was hotel was such a great experience,  Good location  Great Amenities - the pool area is beautiful.  Room was nice.  Service was excellent anywhere we went.  Really nice lobby.  Ate at the restaurant and it was good.  There are a couple of  very short hikes right there that take you up for a great view.   The pool area was our favorite!  Very well maintained, great service from staff (had a couple of lunches and many drinks there!).  They had a band there on a Saturday afternoon which was fun.  The staff brought around frozen wet towels and fresh fruit on a stick.  Already made our reservations to return there again in August.
4	I'm a fan. Conveniently located about 10 minutes from both the Phoenix airport and Mill Ave, this resort is off set from the chaos and noise of the down town Tempe while leaving everything accessible. I've stayed here for business twice now and both times have been a great experience. The rooms are clean, well maintained, and not the generic Marriott layout. The pool and hot tubs are laid in the red rock hillside with rivers and waterfalls, and there is a Central bar, Thirsty Cactus Pool Bar and grill, overlooking it all. The on-site restaurant, Top of the Rock, is a good meal from what I remember (didn't eat there on my recent stay), and the Market Cafe serves an variety of options for breakfast/brunch. If I'm in Tempe again, The Buttes is where I'm staying.
4	This was a such a unique hotel.  I was not sure what to expect based on some of the reviews but I thought the hotel was just great.  Everyone was very helpful and polite.  If you are not person that can get around on stairs I would suggest you select another location but if you can then this location is a real find.  The hotel is built into the side of the hill which makes for some dramatic sights and sounds with the many waterfalls inside the building and outside.  We were there during Aug so the temperature outside was about the same as the room rate so it was a good deal.  I am not sure what the rates would be for the peak season but for the off season it was a good deal.
3	I stayed at the Butte's for a few weeks while on a work project during Aug/Sept 2010.  Being that this is a resort I had high expectations. My expectations fell a little flat. While the accommodations are nice they don't offer anything above and beyond the traditional standard hotel besides a lot of people offering to help you for a tip. The setting of the resort is pretty cool... built into a natural butte of the AZ landscape , so being a geology student and a big rock nerd I was very excited about this. They offer some trails that go up and around the butte but due to work priorities (and it being insanely hot) I never go t to explore them.Being that I was there during some very hot days (113 degrees at the hottest) and just the mere fact that the Buttes is located in the Arizona desert one would think that the AC would be supurb! Not so. I stayed in three different rooms and in each I had the AC turned down to the very lowest it would go (60 degrees) and the rooms ware still warm throughout the night. The pool area is pretty cool, and the outside bar is pretty sweet. However the 'hidden' hot tubs could use some cleaning and maintenance. The continental breakfast was good and the staff was pleasant.I would stay here again... as long as my job is paying for it.
1	Would you pay $120 + tax/fees to sleep on a sofa bed? That was exactly what happened to me. I booked a room with a king size bed. When I arrived, the girl at the front desk advised that I had been "upgraded" to a junior suite, which is bigger than a regular room. When I walked into my room, I was shocked to find that my "junior suite" has a tv, a sofa, and a big conference table. I was about to spend the night in a conference room!!!I figured I'd keep an open mind and waited for housekeeping to open the sofa bed before deciding whether I'd stay there. My colleague and I went out to dinner. The sofa bed was opened when I returned to the room. I tried out the sofa bed; it was extremely uncomfortable with springs sticking into my back. To top it off, since the sofa is now opened into a bed, there wasn't really a spot I could sit comfortably and work. I called the front desk and asked to be transferred to another room. The hotel staff said they were overbooked for the night (how do you overbook a hotel??!!) and did not have another room to move me to. They offered to put additional padding on the sofa bed and to comp my breakfast.Despite having woken up at 5:00 am that morning for my business trip and being dead tired, I still had a tough time falling asleep on the sofa bed that night. I was appalled at how Buttes treated this situation. Other hotels would have arranged for the guest to stay at another hotel of equal of better quality. All I wanted was a comfortable bed to rest up for the night but instead, I got a conference room. I do not return to Buttes and will advise my colleagues to think twice before booking a room there.
5	What an extraordinary resort this is. One of a kind that will never be forgotten. Built into the side of a mountain to co-exist with it.   Natural and architectual beauty wherever you look. Even in the cafe which has an exposed boulder face for a wall with a great view of the surrounding area. There I surely room for improvement with respect to the food. They can't cook a burger properly, but they sure make a a great egg white omlette.
4	I spent the majority of this fall working in Phoenix and had developed a nice hatred for the city.  So when my team chose Tempe as the location for our year end event and meetings, I couldn't imagine any place I wanted to go less.  I had very low expectations of this trip.  Especially when my GPS said the resort was .5 miles away and I was still surrounded by typical AZ rundown and depressing houses.  Thankfully, my bad attitude started to dissipate as I drove up the mountain towards the Buttes.  It really is the little gem in the middle of a crappy city everyone said it would be!  Pros: -Beautiful setting and views of the mountains.-Very helpful and gracious staff.-Decent sized rooms with unique bathroom layout.-Awesome resort pool area.-Amazing breakfast buffet (complimentary due to my Platinum status).-Fruit infused water at every entrance - nice touch.Cons:-NOT TRUE MARRIOTT BEDS! This was a horrific discovery for a loyal Marriott devotee like myself.  No sleeping on clouds during this stay.-The bars and restaurants are ridiculously over priced. Helloooo $150 bar bill.-There is really nothing close to the resort.  If you want to find an off site restaurant other than Whataburger, you are going to have to drive 15-20 minutes.
4	we stayed at the buttes for the BCS national championship game last week, and it was great!  the beds are super comfortable and the grounds are really cool - hot tubs are hidden all over the place, and i wish it was warm enough to swim in the pool because it looked really nice as well.  the hotel was built on the side of a "mountain" so it has a lot of stairs and isn't exactly wheel chair friendly (there are a few ramps and elevators, but the elevator in our building didn't even go up to the 3rd floor, so stairs were a must), but taking the scenic route to the market cafe was not only good exercise, but very pretty too.  I had to knock off a star because the service at the market cafe was really slow...even when there were only a handful of people in the restaurant.  And the fancy restaurant on top of the hotel with the nice view was closed on sunday, which was weird since the hotel was completely booked.  but overall, i recommend the buttes!
3	Nice but older Marriott property that was well kept. I love the fact that it was built into the rocks. My work had a conference here and the place was very accommodating. Great breakfast, nice bars (though pricey), and decent facilities for the event.  Pool was quite extensive as well as the property...meaning you had to walk a bit at times to get anywhere!My room was clean, well kept, quite, and spacious. Just what I like.
4	It was pretty hard to find this place because it was located on a small winding road. There was a cemetary right next to the resort however. Checking in was easy and fast, my boyfriend had pre-booked this place through hotwire and we got a great deal! You do have to pay $10 a night for parking though, which is a bit odd for such a nice place. We had to use a map to find our room, a member of the valet staff tried to help us but unfortunately he was talking faster then either of us could comprehend. There are multiple levels in the resort and the room numbers could be quite confusing; one branch of the building is in 6000 while the other half is in the 1000. We managed to find our room with some help. One complaint, the staff wasn't finished setting up our room when we arrived.The decor inside our room could use an update but none the less, the room was quite spacious. The shower had tiled floors and walls, complete with a glass door. The television was a really old tube tv that was about 26". Room service was offered by the hotel and they also had their own restuarant and bars. We knew of 4 hidden hot tubs. However, they were HOT!!! Make sure you pack lotion since the pools and hot tubs were loaded with chlorine. The pools were amazingly huge and connected by a narrow channel in the middle. They had a cabanna for free towels for guests. I saw quite of few stray cats running around the resort.The staff was very helpful. They definitely took care of that place since we saw so many maintenance, gardeners, and employees out and about. They had a small trail up a side of a mountain but do not wear open toed shoes due to the spikey cactiOverall, we had an amazing time here and highly recommend it to anyone!
2	This should sum it up:They are the most expensive and pretentious hotel within a 50 mile radius and they CHARGE FOR INTERNET!!Dude, it's 2011. Overpriced. Not worth it.
3	Stayed at this resort in mid-March 2011.  The sense of arrival is incredible - up a winding road, past Tempe Diablo Stadium, until you arrive at the roundabout by the lobby.The arrival experience was nice - the valet was quick to come up to the car and the front desk attendant was prompt and courteous.The rooms were nice, but slightly outdated - still had a tube TV.  Hadn't been in a hotel without a flat panel for years!  But, the toiletries were nice, bedding was comfortable, and the room was clean.  Only had one real issue with the room [other than the TV - which wasn't a big deal because I was there for business and wouldn't be in the room for too long]: it was sunken against the main pool area...this meant that the pool area looked down into my room - felt a little uncomfortable because it felt like everyone could see in.  The view was really nice, but I ended up keeping the shutters closed the entire time because of the pool view issue.Ordered room service one night - was really good: service was quick and friendly and food was delivered fresh. Plus - the prices were reasonable compared to other hotels and resorts I've visited.My only true complaint with the resort was this: I was paying $300+ per night to stay here.  Not one time was a newspaper delivered to my room - several rooms adjacent to mine had newspapers in front every day - but, they definitely made sure a bill was slipped under my door during my last night there.  I know it's a small thing, but it did leave a mixed taste.
3	I've never actually stayed at the resort so I cannot review that, but I have eaten breakfast there several times.  The breakfast buffet is awesome.  I would recommend trying it if you ever have the change.
1	Seriously!! I have stayed in many 5 star resorts, this is a joke!! The complimentary breakfast tasted like leftovers from last nights dinner service!! While I agree with others, the hot tub  was way too hot and way too much chlorine, we did observe a family of 5 using the workout room at 10:30 p.m as well as roaming the hallways, I do not even think they were guest there! The first 90 degree day and there were not enough lawn chairs out by the pool!! Our room was cramped and in need of a serious make-over for what they charge. Stayed 2 nights, checked out, went to the Marriot in Tuscon, Now that was 5 stars!!
4	This definitely wasn't like staying at the Four Seasons, but I give it 4.5 stars for value.  If you book on a weekend web special, you'll get your money's worth.  Our room had a sliding door, which opened to a small patio which was open to an outdoor walkway that connects various buildings.  Across from that, a rock wall.  Clearly not the presidential suite, but we didn't fly to Phoenix in November to stay in our room, so who cares about the view.  The pool scene was nice, and not too busy, and family oriented, at least during the day.  The whole facility sits on top of a rock with majestic views of Tempe and Phoenix which were fantastic.  The service, food and furnishings were all fine and good but nothing memorable.  Some parts of the facility felt like it needed some updating.The hotel's physical location is convenient if you are doing dinner and/or theater in Tempe.
4	Actually 4.5 stars! This place is absolutely beautiful. The pools are outstanding. Amazing views. Service was tremendous and every staff member I encountered was friendly and helpful.
5	We had our honeymoon at this Hotel two years ago. I still dreamed of this place. Nice pools too.
5	At the Market Cafe, gorgeous day out here!I was in Arizona again a few weeks back and spent a warm afternoon poolside having some lunch and enjoying the view.  It's right next door to the spring training camp for the Angels and they were having a game against the Giants. So traffic getting here was awful, but well worth the effort.This is a cool little oasis in the bustling city of Tempe and you'll quite forget that there's a freeway a stone's throw from this location. One of my favorite things about this place is that every day they produce two delicious flavored waters which are available in the lobby for anyone to try. Strawberry's my favorite so far!  The hotel and grounds are built around a rock and natural waterfalls abound. Haven't stayed here yet but I can vouch for the valet guys, Attentive and FAST! :)
5	This is really odd resort on da rock. I'm not resort kinda guy, but the price was waaaay too attractive and for Marriot points I had to stay here (just for price comparision, this place was much cheaper than staying in courtyard or even springhill suite. That's WOW!) I think other Yelpers covered most ground on reviews, so I won't write the same thing over and over...okay, but let me just say the service was awesome. Always asking me if I wanted a bottle of water, and custodians here were amazing! Every time I leave room, they close out the shade, clean up the table, bathroom, I felt like they were actually in the room whole time (is that bad? haha) Sure, the TV was old, there was no bathtub (shower only), and sux to be walking all way in the heat and sun to eat / drink / swim, but I felt that was small issue to me. I will come back as long as they are cheaper than other biz hotels.
3	Like it. Typical desert summer staff, but I thought the service was OK enough. Not 4 or 5 star.Beds and rooms, pretty good.Warning!! They smoke on the property. Might jujst be an AZ thing, but ALL Marriott properties in the US are supposed tro be non-smoking. How this one gets away with it, I jave no idea. Just a word of caution.Love the way it is built in to the hill. Might not be good place for handicapped or elderly. Plenty of stairs and walking. Neither bother me too much.Breakfast is typical Marriott.If price is good, book it, you won't be sorry. Good spot for business travelers, as it is close to that area.
5	It was warm in there until the sun went behind the mountain. Beautiful view, excellent food!
4	My husband took me here to celebrate my 30th birthday and it was fabulous!!When my hubby booked the reservation he mentioned it was my b-day and they waived our parking fee and sent free wine and cheese to our room-- YUM! Room:  Our room was comfortable and clean, great bed-- we are really picky about beds because we have a sleep number bed at home. Loved the shower: spacious, beautiful tiling, pretty good water pressure. Coffee and tea are available in-room. Positives-Beautiful views, especially at night. - Nice workout room with very high tech equipment, cold towels and fruit.- Special treatment for a special occasion.- Misters around the pool during the day to keep you cool- Poolside ice water coolers for easy access  Downside- The entire pool is a play pool, no deep water.- Hot tubs were too hot to get in and my husband usually wants the hot tub really warm but this would melt your skin off.Side note: During the summer tons of locals are here with their kids so if you are looking for a romantic getaway go some where pricier-- where parents won't pay just for a day at the pool :) And just a warning I will be bringing my kids here next summer when the rates are cheap :)
4	The Buttes is perfect for a not-too-pricey vacation that feels a little like a splurge. I have always liked this place, but it had been a while since I had been. I took my daughter for an overnight spa trip for her 17th birthday.Narande Spa is lovely. I got a massage and facial; she got a mani/pedi. We were extremely happy with the services and the staff, and they had some awesome summer deals going on, so that made it even better.The pool is really great; I am not even a big fan of pools or swimming in general, but they have a pretty cool set up here, so we took advantage of it and laid out for a while.The rooms are not spectacular, but they are nice.We will definitely go back.
4	The atmosphere is fantastic, the service is great, and the rooms are wonderful!
1	Overpriced and oversold as a "resort" when its really just a mediocre hotel.  Has a nice pool area, but that's about it.Our room was supposed to have a mini bar (aka fridge) but it had clearly been pulled from the cabinet and a empty hole left in its place.  The bathroom was extremely tiny with about 60% of it consumed by a large walk-in shower that had obviously been put in place of a tub when the rooms had been refreshed.  Problem is, the glass door to the shower faced straight at the toilet and missed said toilet by about 1-inch when you opened the shower.The shower drain was backed up pretty badly to the point that if you tried to use the bathroom sink within 2 or 3 hours of showering, the sink would not drain.  By the end of our stay the sink was nasty from shaving scum, toothpaste scum, soap scum, etc. that would NORMALLY have drained away with a simple rinsing.Looking for an ice maker that works on your floor?  Good luck with that.  We finally found one on the 4th floor where the "Presidential Suite" is located.  I bet they had a nicer bathroom too.Lastly, what's the deal with $15/day Internet, Marriott?  I can get free wi-fi, a nicer bathroom, modern amenities and a cheaper room rate at practically any Hampton Inn.  There's no excuse for $15/day Internet access in a hotel that charges as much as the Buttes does.Were we not here for a business conference, paid for largely by my wife's employer, there's no way I'd have let us stay here.On a more positive note, the stones-throw proximity to the neighborhood cemetery means that the neighbors are pretty quiet.  Wait... having a cemetery right next door is a positive, right?---Quick departure-morning update:  Sitting here listening to someone else's shower draining through our plumbing as the sink in our bathroom pops and gurgles.  Nice.  Also looking at our hotel bill and preparing to have a terse discussion with the front counter staff regarding not only the shoddy accommodations but also the fact that the items that were supposed to be billed to the room have instead been billed to our credit card.If I could give this hotel zeros, I would.  To quote Dave Chappelle as Rick James, I wish I had two more hands so I could give this place four thumbs down.Avoid it at all costs.  You've been warned.
2	Spa is tiny. Terrible.  You can hear someone urinate while in waiting room of locker area.  Sauna was 90 degree.  Massage rooms were located right off the main entrance of spa so you could hear all the ladies squawking while they were getting there nails done.  Neck rest broke while getting the massage...nobodies fault, didn't make for comfortable rest of massage though. As for the hotel....service is slooowwww.  Rang the front desk and an average 15 rings before someone unapologetically picked up. One time 30 rings and another no one picked up.  The excuse was they were booked solid.  So!  Staff for it! Rooms were ok.  I'm a platinum Marriott member, I've been to a ton of hotels (travel for work) and many of them were Marriott resorts.  This one gets last place.  Even the house keeping was slow, we didn't get our room turned until 3pm.  Room service was good.  The only reason they received two stars from me,
3	I'm disappointed with my stay, honestly.  Yes, its pricey, but really, $10 to park in a partially full lot?  This place nickels and dimes you, so beware.  I paid $13 for wifi, but if my SO wanted to use it, he had to pay for it as well.  No sharing.  Take off a star.The hot tubs were much too hot to enjoy, so minus one more star.  Views were OK, premises were well maintained, and the bed was comfy, so add back a star.  But the heating system was so loud that we couldn't use it, and thus the room got too cold, so minus a star.overall, not the best value for the price range.
5	Was here for a wedding a week ago, great wedding, with a really picturesque setting. Quite beautiful at night. Service was good, the venue was very cool and the food was quite good as well, which is rare for wedding catering. I can't talk much about the hotel itself, but everything came together really nicely. Bar service at the wedding was very good, and they had a huge selection of beer, wine and liquor which is always nice. The made to order pasta bar was a nice touch.For a wedding venue, it seems like an awesome place, and if I had family or friends visiting that wanted a nice place to stay, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend The Buttes.I hope I have a reason to come back here at some point, especially if it's a night event so I can see that view again.
5	Review Update - I have now stayed here 6+ times of the past year or two and it really has become a favorite destination! Sitting here now on the patio of my room writing this update after spending the afternoon at the pool.  I really just love the setting here - the hotel and amenities all built into the side of a rocky "butte".   Others have said the the rooms and some areas are a bit outdated - I really don't see this as a big issue as I judge the whole experience of my stay.  The staff here has always been top tier and I appreciate the customer service focus.  We spent three afternoons at the pool this weekend and from day one the staff remembered us and greeted us by name.  Twice they had the kitchen make special orders for what we were in the mood to eat poolside.  My tips: - try to get a patio room, views are amazing and the outdoor area and easy access to the pool are worth the extra $20 a night- explore the entire resort and enjoy the landscape and grounds.  Scenic waterfalls, beautiful sitting areas, and hot tubs hidden throughout the rocky terrain. It is a bigger resort than it may first appear and plenty to see as you walk around.- eat at the Top of the Rock restaurant.  AMAZING VIEWS (there was a lightning storm one night we dined there and is was spectacular).  The food was fantastic as well.On a less positive note..............I find it absolutely ridiculous that they charge for parking here!  It is a remote hotel and with nothing at all close by that would have non-guests trying to park there.  I understand a parking charge in dowtown hotels where parking is a premium, but it is insulting that they add parking on top of the room rates!! Looking forward to our next visit (maybe I will get a Free Parking card)!!
2	*Great: pool and pool bar*Great views/grounds/archecture*Bad rooms: smelly and small*Bad attitude by most staff: (Pool bartenders are an awesome exception)*Even though the resort was empty they wanted to charge for late checkout or get your ass out.  *Charge for self parking
4	I was just browsing never meant to check in. Oops. 4stars for the check in bonus
4	I've stayed here a few times and really like this hotel, though it does have its flaws. They have a huge pool with several whirlpools. I love to get a free shoulder massage by standing beneath a waterfall that feeds into one side of the pool. Poolside service has always been good. They have a nice buffet breakfast and once when I was running late, the service team did a nice job of expediting my drink orders. The concierge is knowledgeable and has recommended a few places to eat in the area that I have truly enjoyed.The downsides are that many of the rooms are a bit distant from the lobby and elevators. Some of them have pathetic views. And as noted with several other reviewers, the parking charge is really a nuisance tax especially when you do pay a lot for the rooms there. It is a nice hotel, but it doesn't measure up as a resort in the sense of what I know AZ resorts are.
4	Loved this hotel! The staff was attentive, hotel and grounds were beautiful and the pool was awesome!  I felt so relaxed when I left. I will be returning for sure very soon. I think the only thing they could've done to receive 5 stars on my review would be to offer free WiFi and lower the price of parking. Overall it though it was a great experience.
4	The location of this resort is pretty neat. Check in was easy and the staff was helpful getting me directions. Accomodations were nice and the room was good sized. It can be a little confusing at first figuring out how to get around the resort, but it is actually pretty easy once you get it figured out.The pool area was nice and the spa was ok, but not quite as luxurious as I might have expected. The stafff was quite nice though.The restaurant was kind of your typical hotel restaurant. Adequate I guess would describe it. The staff seemed rushed & disorganized. Not sure I would eat there again unless I needed to for the sake of time and convenience.Also, I was a little surprised- the morning desk staff wasn't sure what the best way to Albuquerque was. She said she didn't really travel. That is a major stop going east. Maybe the desk staff could brush up on the major cities in the area. The valet kid helped me out.Overall, I would stay here again.
4	4 stars for drinks, the setting & the view.  We didn't stay here, but really enjoyed an evening of drinks at the Buttes. Killer view.
4	Nice accommodations, clean & friendly service. Check-in was a little strange since you enter at the ground level while the main lobby is up on the 4th floor. I didn't notice many signs that explained this. I was there for business, but I wish I had brought my swim trunks as the pool looked nice & inviting in the 100+ degree heat. The top floor restaurant also looked great. If I were to come back to the Phoenix area for pleasure, I would stay again at the Buttes.
4	A solid Marriott property for the $100ish corporate rate that I paid.  This is truly a resort-style set up which means that the property sprawls over a large area and has very long walks to nearly every room from the lobby and parking lots.  Since I'm on vacation it doesn't bother me but if i was traveling on business I would see it differently.This property has a great pool facility.  2 pools, 2 waterfalls, 6+ hot tubs and multiple poolside bars.The views from the hotel are fantastic, I jogged around the hotel each morning and took in the views when I wasn't gasping for breath climbing the godforsaken hills around the property...  Seriously, this is not the best hotel for an early morning jog unless you were raised by mountain goats.The dining options are good with a well stocked breakfast buffet offered each morning.  I haven't tried Top of the Rock but I've heard good things from other guests.I like this property but I'll probably try one of the other Marriott properties next time that I'm in Arizona.
2	The employees were all very welcoming and acknowledging. The downside was communication amongst employees was awful! I had issues with an immediate entrance door not reading my room card, but it could open the door to the next level, although miniscule it was a huge inconvenience. I contacted engineering 3 times with no rersponse until the 3rd time when their was a card left in my room stating "the problem with: your AC has been resolved." There was nothing wrong with my AC!Secondly, the woman answering the room calls was short and rude with a bad attitude.And finally, I left a book in the room, I had to call 3 times to get a response whether housekeeping found the book. Once they did a young man called and wrote my information to send me the book. Two days later, I receive a phone call for shipping department asking me if they had the book, are you kidding me?!
4	My husband, kids, and I had a nice stay here this past weekend. We thoroughly enjoyed the pool & waterside - the kids were pretty worn out by the end of the day! It is an older property but clean and nice.  Our rate included the breakfast buffet for both days so we took advantage of that.  It was adequate, nothing special. Service was very good. No real complaints except the pool towels were extremely thin. It's time to order new towels Marriott! All of the employees we encountered anywhere in the hotel were very friendly and polite.  Our $50 resort credit didn't get posted to our account and when my husband brought it to their attention, it was immediately rectified. All in all, we would definitely return with our kids. However,  if my husband and I were looking for a romantic getaway, we'd go elsewhere.
4	My husband and I stayed here one night with our two kids, ages 2 and 5.  We thought the room was great, plenty of room.  The beds were way more comfortable than we thought they would be, we loved them.  The only downfall with the room was there was no refrigerator in it, and they charged for internet.  You get WIFI free almost everywhere, so that was a surprise.  The rooms were quiet, and we didn't hear much noise from other rooms unless we were walking down the hall.  The only main complaint we had was that the water slide wasn't going at all while we were there.  The water slide was the main reason we picked this resort, for our five year old, and we even asked about the height restriction when we booked the hotel, which was the same day we arrived, so it would've been nice for them to tell us it wasn't going.  Overall we would go back, and had a great time.
3	the hotel is nice. their pool area is pretty cool with a non smoking and a smoking section. plus they have a water slide. the rooms are comfy and decent size. mattress was comfortable.
4	I stayed her for business even though it is really a resort hotel. The rooms are large, comfortable and clean. Pretty traditional decor, was expecting something more modern/hip. Convenient access to airport which is good for work, but far from Tempe and Scottsdale where all the restaurants and night life are. The layout of the resort is good for vacation but a little inconvenient for the hustle and bustle of a business trip.
5	Great place,  Family friendly.  Loved the dinning room with the waterfall.  Had an excellent selection for its buffet. Customer service was friendly.  For Marriott rewards member, buffet was included unlike the Desert Ridge which nickled and dimed you on everything.
2	Mixed experience at our stay here. The highlights were the concierge service Who gave us great recommendations for dining options, the facilities were okay, the pool and gym were nice, the restaurant here was passable.The critiques here were the maid service did not clean our room, The front desk did not order a cab despite us making a request and now we are running late for the airport.
4	loved it! staff was VERY accommodating! top of the rock restaurant is great!
2	The rooms and view were delightful as was the architecture of this facility. I also enjoyed their food and was impressed that they had egg-free desert options (a luxury for those of us with allergies). The bar's signature cocktails were also fresh and fun! That being said I had a bad experience with the front desk and check out service.For this fabulous hotel I would've expected better customer service. I was here on business and with a large group who was taking care of my stay. When I checked out they said they had a glitch and they'd have to fix it to get that payment through the group and assured me they would work it out. A week later I checked my credit card statement online and sure enough they had charged the bill to my account not the business group I was with. After several phone calls I had it straightened out but I don't think it's acceptable for the front desk to assure me they would when clearly it wasn't within their power and something I needed to follow up on. I probably won't be back.
1	None of our rooms were ready when we arrived; the staff was INCREDIBLY rude. Our room smelled like chemical and the windows can't be opened. We came here for a wedding and not one person in the party was impressed. It's a shame that such a beautiful hotel is so horribly run. I would rather stay in a motel.
3	Good property that offers a great escape when on business without the generic hotel feel. The setting is fabulous and it's located in good proximity to the airport. Tip: Be sure to request an upgraded room. Service has always been great but the dinner menu is really quite disappointing and the wine selection is even worse!
5	I hosted my engagement party at the Top of the Rock restaurant at this hotel and stayed there myself.My guests also stayed there and said the service was great and the rooms were lovely.All of the amenities look very looked after as well.I would definitely recommend this hotel.Scenery is beautiful!!! So Arizona!
2	Long walks to go anywhere. Mot great service. Key to room failed. Waited 30+ minutes to get assistance. Hotel was unaware of important events going on at hotel. The list goes on :(
4	This was the coolest looking hotel I've ever stayed at.  The hotel is basically built into the side of a mountain, so from the street you can't see the hotel.  It has several pools/hot tub areas, with a lazy river.  It was a little too nippy for me to brave the waters when I was there, but something about sitting pool side makes me feel completely relaxed.  The customer service was great, and the Top of the Rock restaurant was really delicious.My only complaint is that they charge upwards of $15 PER 24 HOURS for internet.  It's 2013.... how much does a router and internet service cost??  REALLY?  Oh well.
3	Found a good deal on the hotel on Hotwire.  We want to be in that area for hiking and near Tempe for going out.  Were were able to check in early with was much appreciated.  Once we got to our room, we were a little disappointed.  We were right next to the door that everyone was coming in and out of and in turn people would stand there and talk and door seemed to be about as thick as paper.  Also the room as a little dated.  The closet was an after thought.  A small box that jutted out from the wall that could not hold much at all.  The bathroom was clean but also pretty crappy.  A really bad shower-head and not a lot of pressure.  The pools were nice and plenty of hot tubs.  I did kind of think it was a scam to charge 10 bucks a day to just park on a surface lot but whatever.  This would be a good place for kids and I was happy about the Hotwire price, but there is better int he area.
3	I am normally a Marriott fan, so I was beyond disappointed with the fact that this is a smoking property.  Smoking at the pool bar and grill, and smoking at the pool and hot tubs.  It seems other Marriott properties provide smoking areas for the smokers leaving non-smokers to enjoy the bulk of the property.  My son and I were trying to enjoy our meal at the pool bar and grill and there were at least 3 men there smoking cigars!!!  What gives, Marriott?  Needless to say, I will be staying elsewhere the next time I visit the area!
5	I love this hotel.  The property is beautiful and the staff is amazing!  I love the pools and hot tubs, I even tried out the slide!  This will be my home away from home when I visit my daughter.  My favorite amenity is the flavored water coolers throughout the property!  LOVE!  I came home and bought one for my kitchen and now I have cucumber/lemon water at home.  The views from the hot tubs are breathtaking especially at night.  Highly recommend this property.
4	This is a very nice resort tucked into a butte in Tempe.  The rooms are nice, clean and comfy but not luxurious.  We had some Internet connectivity issues so keep that in mind if it's important.  The pool is awesome with two large areas separated by a little canal you can navigate.  One side allows smoking, the other does not.  Pool-side food and drink is available through meandering servers or you can climb stairs to the bar.  There are LOTS of stairs to navigate so keep this in mind if you or those joining you are elderly, very out of shape, etc.  We did not visit their Top of the Rock restaurant - it was full due to graduation diners.  We did visit their Market Cafe for lunch which is open for breakfast and lunch only.  We sat inside in front of an open doorway that afforded us a fabulous view of the pool and distant vista while enjoying the air conditioning and warm breeze coming in.  It was a wonderful experience and the food was quite good too.  All the staff we encountered throughout our stay were friendly and helpful.  We had been in Scottsdale for a conference and stayed at the Hyatt Regency Scottsdale Resort & Spa.  It's a very nice hotel with an terrific pool but WAY overpriced.  Did I say WAY overpriced?  We were booked there for two days beyond the conference (on us) and decided it wasn't worth our discounted nightly rate of $285 plus the daily $25 resort fee and applicable fees and taxes.  Pool-side, I ordered one Mai Tai.  I knew the price ($11) and understood I was at an exclusive resort so I knew what I was getting into, sort of.  The drink was delivered maxed out with ice in a 16 ounce plastic cup (no glass, of course).  There were 4 ounces of liquid in the cup.  I confirmed this, unintentionally, by filling the cup with water after my six or eight sips that drained the cocktail.  I was trying to get a little flavored water for my investment.  After filling the cup with water and less ice than I started with when the drink was "new", 1/4 of my 16 ounce water bottle was empty.  I don't consider myself a cheapskate but I don't like being taken advantage of.  I heard other attendees express similar concerns about when is enough, enough.  Now, back to the Marriott.  While pool-side, my wife decided she wanted a Coke so I ordered one.  I expected it to be at least six dollars.  Upon delivery, I gave the server our room number for the charge and tip since we didn't bring cash to the pool.  She nicely said "don't worry about it" and proceeded with her other deliveries.  The contrast between the two beverage experiences was startling.  Yes, I understand the difference between booze and soft drinks but I'm illustrating a point.  Before leaving the pool for the day, I ran to our room to get cash so I could tip her.  I gave her $10 for her service and, more importantly, her generosity.  Today, the same server was back pool-side delivering ice water, with a slice of orange, to anyone that wanted them, free.  I would return to this Marriott in a second.  The Hyatt, not even if I won the lottery.  It's a beautiful facility but virtually all concern for their guests appears to be money driven.  If you're visiting this area for business (I can't speak to their conference facilities) or for pleasure, check this resort out.  By the way, our nightly rate here was $179 plus a $10 parking fee and the usual taxes and required fees.  We saved $242 for the two nights.  And, the nice lunch we had today would have likely been twice the price at the Hyatt.  One strange thing is the $10 parking fee.  You self park in a regular lot.  It's like parking at Wal-Mart but paying to do so.  This is an oddity.
3	I really like this hotel. It's an interesting design, where the hotel is built into and around the rock formations that form in the area. The hotel has about four or so hot tubs located throughout the pool area and into the rocks, and the pool itself is pretty impressive. The hotel leaves water with fruit in in all around the resort, which is pretty handy on a hot, summer day. There are several bars to choose from, a restaurant, a fitness room, and a spa, which are all appreciated. Most of the staff I interacted with were very helpful and polite, even when I lost my wallet and my room keys, and needed them to let me in my room even though I had no valid ID (until I found my wallet in my room). The rooms themselves are nice and comfy, and they had a device that allowed me to connect my iPad, iPhone, and computer to the TV in the room, which was great, and allowed me to watch netflix movies and baseball games on the TV instead of on my iPhone. i really do like this hotel a lot, but there are a few little things that annoyed me, will probably keep me from staying here on my own (I was here for a hockey tournament) and kept me from giving 5 stars.- $10 a day to park in an empty parking lot. I think it is kind of ridiculous, especially since there really is no where else to park BUT their $10.00 outdoor parking lot.-15.00 per day, per device for internet access. I have an iPad, a computer, and a laptop, and it would have cost me $45 a day to get them all on the internet if I wanted. I used the internet on one day, on one device, and then just tethered after that.- My TV (which was really nice), kept displaying an advertisement for the features on the TV every 3 minutes, 45 seconds (as if it was in demo mode). I couldn't get it to stop, and called for help. The tech arrived and basically said there was nothing he could do, and I would just have to wait for their system to update and it would stop on its own. I tried to explain that it had nothing to do with their satellite system, that it was actually a feature of the TV (as it happened even when I wasn't using the TV feed, but using my iphone). He disagreed with me without even waiting to see it appear on the screen, and restated that it would stop on its own. It did not stop for the entire time I was there (3 nights).I really like this place, and I am sure I will be back next year for memorial day, but any other time I come to the Phoenix area, I'll probably stay somewhere that has free parking and free internet, as I use those two features more than anything else when on the road.
2	For a Marriott, this place sure did disappoint. We've stayed at many other Marriott's and their affiliates in the greater Phoenix area, and this one was by far the saddest we have stayed at. Beside being built into a mountain, that's about all there is to "ooh and ahh" about.Terrible experience from the moment we pulled up to register. While the staff was welcoming, they offered no extra information or anything about their hotel. After driving around the hotel to come to our room, not even being offered valet service for our car, we dragged our suitcases up the elevator and through a most aggravating hallway, where we arrived to the saddest part of all, the room.The room looked run down and cheap. It's 107 degrees in Arizona currently in June, and when we got in the door the air was off. I'm sorry, but if you know a specific room will be accommodating guests, wouldn't you have the air on? At least on a low setting?  The sliding bathroom door wouldn't close, the illuminated magnifying mirror didn't illuminate and a whole host of other things. Most of all, the thing that disappointed us most was that we paid for a room with a patio and a view, and we got a patio that faces a gate that was on a landing that takes you to the pool. And the view... the landing pool for the slide. Wow! NOT. We called down to the front desk to see if they have wifi in the room, and the lady I spoke to hadn't the slightest clue. We knew we had paid for a room with internet included, otherwise it's $14.95 a night. She insisted the only way to connect was with the Ethernet cord, and no other way. She was clueless. So after a couple minutes of confused banter, she transferred me to Internet services, which answered the question in about 2 seconds. Needless to say, yes, they do have wifi. Sadly, after reaching out to the Marriott customer service line and management about our disappointment, the only thing they could offer us was to fix the problems in our room and a complimentary breakfast buffet. Whatever.For literally $1 more a night we could've stayed at one of the JW Marriott resorts that have always been amazing, and I wish we world have.Seriously, 2 stars only for the beautiful mountain and nothing else.
1	Would give this shit place zero stars if possible.  worst customer service ever, people are rude and inconsiderate.  Booked a one night stay in a patio suite and was downgraded to a double bed when I was supposed to get a king.  Sorry sir, since you booked your stay online we give you the worst rooms available....
4	The friendliest staff I've ever encountered. Great rooms, great swimming pool, complimentary cucumber water and grapefruit water was awesome touch.Complaint: no free wi-fi and no laundry service or laundry room and had to pay to park in an outdoor, uncovered parking lot
4	I have done many staycations and have to say this resort has a lot to offer.  Water is every where free of charge.  Bottle water in the room was free and water stations with citrus and cucumber was available.  This morning was surprised to see the water stations were now coffee stations.  Very nice staff, clean rooms, and a nice pool.  We will definitely be back.  They have spa specials, you can get a massage for $69. May have to try that out today. One star lost because both days while I was here I was woken up early by the hotel.  Day one housekeeping came knocking on the door to ask if we had an alarm clock going off which we didn't even here one?? Second morning fire alarm went off in the hotel only to go off a minute later?? So much for sleeping in on the staycation.  Otherwise everything was food.
3	I have stayed at the Buttes a couple of times, most recently on the 4th of July.  We came to do what everyone else did, stay the night, eat food, drink, swim and see fireworks.  We did a few of these a little too well ;) The buttes is a nice clean hotel, spacious rooms, accommodating staff, and a good location.  My last stay was a little crazy because people were screaming and screaming screaming in the halls, I got up to call security, and I am not sure anyone ever actually came, or if the people just went in their room.  It was pretty obnoxious, and I can't believe in the middle of the night they couldn't get security their quicker.  I know the people screaming isn't the hotels problem, so that's why I have to say that they are always awesome to me there, and I do enjoy staying.  I am sure it won't be my last time there.  They aren't a resort, but they have that feel, especially with their ginormous pool.  I would recommed people stay there for a staycation, or holiday weekend :)
4	I love this hotel I have been coming here sense I was a young boy around 10 years old now I'm 30. I have 2 kids now 7 and 3 they had a total blast. The staff is great and the pools are great for adults and kids. The breakfast buffet is good for a buffet. I would have given this place 5 stars but I don't like how they don't tell u up front they charge u $10 to park in there parking lot at nice. Really come on guys no need for this charge in my mind. And the slide needs to be open more hours in the day. The kids love it- keep the kids happy and the parents will bring them back in mind. Over all love this place :)
5	This was my second stay at here, and it was as surprising and wonderful as the first time. The rooms are spotless, the beds are super comfy,  and the staff is super friendly. The architecture lends to the building's ability to blend right into the mountainside, and the lobby is incredible with it's skylight and waterfalls. There are hot coffee and ice cold water stations depending on the time of the day, and also free Wi-Fi in the lobby and pool areas. They do charge for parking which I think is unnecessary being that there is ample room for parking. There is a dirt path which leads to the top of a small hill where you can watch some incredible sunsets and get an outstanding view of the Phoenix skyline and airport. There is also a shopping center nearby where you can purchase dinner to go, and enjoy dinner in your room. Options include Panda Express, Pizza Hut, Whataburger, and a Goodcents sandwicha and pasta shop. There is also a Jack in the Box, McDonald's, Burger King, a gas station, and a Circle K shop nearby, so it's easy to find some kid friendly meals as well. When you're ready to leave town, the freeway access could not be more convenient.
5	I stayed here during the past spring training season, and this is a great bargain for the price.  The resort is a dot away from Phoenix but it seems like you're in a country of your own!  By luck, the butte is surrounded by a freeway and Anaheim Angels stadium facility that barricades itself from the surrounding neighborhoods.  And so, it almost gives off an "island feel" to the resort.It's a Marriot Tier 5 (i think) but could be bumped up, I think.
5	Relaxing and absolutely beautiful surroundings. Well maintained, outstanding staff that will continually ask "are you enjoying your stay"? Yes :)The views are breathtaking. The pools are unbelievably clean and offer the look and feel of a tropical island get away. Be it a family, business, or romantic ( perfect for romantic), STAY HERE ! Exceptional.
3	This place has been here for about 20 years maybe. It shows it as well, a lot of wear and tear.However , they are trying really hard to fix it up, and it is slowly coming back to its luster.The number one thing I did not like was, all the smoking by the pool. I never heard of a place in this country where you can just smoke by the pool.All the kids running around and me trying to swim and relax. Then I would swim to another side and these people were smoking as well.That needs to change, other than that, the pool is pretty cool.Nice slide, and they provide towels.The rooms are a bit dated. The beds were tough and the pillows?? Well, the pillows. One was the size of a baby pillow and one was the size of a large couch Pillow.Very uncomfortable.The staff is good and we ate on site as much as we could. We want it to do well.Hey, it is right in our town. However, there is no shortage of parking and they charge $10.00 for parking each night. Ours was waived since we bought a package.But, that is one of my biggest turn offs in California, to pay for parking. I do not think that is at all called for. There is land all around us here.The breakfast Buffet was excellent!  Staff was great. They make Omeletts made to order and they are fantastic.We will go back , but they need to up their game. I know they are working on it. But, at one time this place was great!  Let's bring it back to that!
2	We are Marriott silver elite members.. This is our 6th trip to AZ  with in the last year( we have fallen in love with this beautiful state). We usually stay at Marriott McDowell mts in Scottsdale, AZ and have always enjoyed our stay!We thought we would try something new. With this being the The Buttes Resort....I was thinking relaxation...umm no. Its on top of a freeway! All u see and hear are simi  trucks! The pics on line show a lovely view from your room of the pool / resort. Our room overlooks a busy, noisy freeway! Yes, the pool is beautiful. But, if you are in your room you are brought right back to reality.When the AC cranks on, It reminds me of an old refrigerator/ freezer "trying to get going".I don't recall reading on line about the 10.00 a day (self parking) fee! That was quite a surprise!
1	Booking BS... in this case it stands for both B***S*** and Bait & Switch!I booked and received a confirmation for a "King Room, Resort View."- Upon arrival I was told not only that there was no King with a Resort View available but that they only have 3 of them at this hotel... and blamed the "off site reservation call center" for confirming one.- I was told our rooms were poolside, "Resort view." The fact is is... they were comprised of a small concrete slab, open to a shared sidewalk and 10 feet from a 15 foot tall wall of rock. The pool is there... BUT out of sight, above and on the other side of the rock wall.Like most people, I invested time researching different properties in the area prior to booking, including looking here on Yelp. FYI... concerned about some of the negative feedback here on Yelp, I asked some very specific questions of the booking agent. They put me on hold while they phoned the hotel for answers... which I appreciated. But, sadly, still resulted in an inaccurate representation of what the Marriott delivered.Yet, I'll put aside the obvious misleading description and deceitful booking commitment  to share an unbiased review:Yes, this is an old and in some ways a tired property. BUT... it has some worthy highlights.Rooms: 2 Stars- They are good sized and clean with low popcorn ceilings that make the room darker and feel closed in. - It has noisy but effective air conditioners. (We had two rooms) - We had lumpy, square sleeping pillows (not decorative) that were roughly 18 x 18 inches. - Bathroom, product amenities  were above par, including cotton balls, q-tips, soaps, shampoo, conditioner and lotion. - Do not come here expecting good views. The other side of the hall faces parking lot, freeways and the city... in that order.Staff: 4 to 5 StarsEveryone was warm, friendly and interested in making the stay a good experience.Food & Beverage: 4 StarsWe only ate in the cafe (2 breakfasts and one lunch) and poolside.- The cafe:  Breakfast... Good menu. Great Buffet (great value at $16) Buffet runs the full gamut from fresh fruit and steel cut oatmeal to meats, waffles and omelets to juices and pastries. On day one the omelet station had two pans and a 20 minute backlog. People were standing in line eating from their plates while waiting. We learned on day 2 that you could place the omelet order with your waitress, who'd bring it to the table. (The downside was learning it from a guest, not an employee.)Lunch... Good menu. Fair value. Empty restaurant but loooong wait for our food. Everything tasted good. I recall someone saying that his "was worth the wait."- Poolside:Attentive staff. Menu: limited, basic but tasty bar food. Cocktails: Full bar and crazy good pricing ($6ish Mojito)Common Areas: 3.5 to 4 Stars - The common areas make up for the old school rooms, assuming you're not intending a romantic, luxury, room service stay.- Uniquely designed and built into the natural rocky hillside with added, yet natural feeling, water features in lobby, cafe and terraces to pools. - Truly, the best is the pool area, consisting of inter-linked swimming pools,  multiple grotto style whirlpools and a waterside.- Pool area seating is traditionally available around the pools, but also has some smaller areas built into the up-hill-side that are more private but still in close proximity to pools. On the down-hill side are lounge chairs, feeling somewhat disassociated from resort ambiance. - In the outdoor bar was covered seating and a 40 - 50 inch flat screen that we used to take a break from the desert sun and catch up on football scores.- Adjacent to the parking lots were water stations with iced water containing fresh citrus and cucumber options. So, given some of the higher scores I've provided, why the overall rating of 1 Star?As a consumer, I expect to get what has been promised to me. It is upon those promises that I make my buying decision and set my expectations relative to my desired experience. Instead, I had to work through the room issue at the front desk upon checking in. It's a terrible way to start your stay... especially, when you're hosting other guests who are standing there at the counter with you. The feedback was a "pat answer" indicative of one frequently used... blaming it on a booking agent who was not on premise. Be reminded from my comment above, that the booking agent specifically, called this hotel property to answer my questions.Between my wife and I - for business and pleasure - we easily book over 125 hotel room nights a year. This was my first  booking with the Marriott in over 5 years... and now, my last.
4	Don't be fooled by the map suggesting the motel is too close to the highway. It's well-designed. I had a highway-side room and slept with the window open. You come to this Marriott for the view and location to your business. Food is like any Marriott. Just-above average. If you want 4-5 star meals, go out. If you are setting up a conference here, cater in lunch. Oh... Check and double check the dishes and silverware for cleanliness.  I think they need a new dishasher!Plan on sunset at the restaurant - great view of the city transforming to nightlife!Fitness room is better than most, but go to Tempe bicycle on Rural road and rent. The bike paths are flat, wide, and its a great way to window shop to Scottsdale. If you hit the gym, they have water, towels, TV, and hihtech gear.Overall, this is a great hotel for the price.
3	We've stayed at this hotel about twice a year for the last four years. It's a little hit or miss, so not sure if we will use them again in the Spring. Lobby BarSarah was not handling the pressure of being busy very well. She was slamming her boss behind his back ("I'll have him get you your salsa, he's not doing anything else"), being short with customers (at 205pm, when lunch officially ends at 2pm, snarkily telling people they can no longer order off the lunch menu instead of offering to check with the kitchen on the availability of a specific item) and snapping at fellow employees running food or trying to help her. We went here three times over the week, and twice the bar was understaffed. Margarita pizza was boring. Would consider making thinner crust pizzas. Market salad with salmon was excellent! Chopped salad should have chopped greens, per it's name, but also really tasty. I like the wines with variable pour sizes. Cocktail prices are a little high for Phoenix. Top of the RockCatrina was the best server we had all week. Our food was good, but we were not ever whelmed as we should have been given the pricing. I suggest they revisit dessert options, as we tried two and neither one was good. Please explain that your ceviche is tomato based and not what people are typically used to...I was looking for traditional ceviche, and this was not it. Breakfast buffetGreat selection of fresh food! Completely annoying that more money is charged for the exact same food during the week. Not fair to those of us without expense accounts. Pool/Pool BarPeople were consistently walking around the pool area to see if people needed anything. Vanessa continues to be a great server at the bar. Half the pool was closed while we were there, which was a bummer. Also, stabbed my foot on a metal beer bottle top in one of the jacuzzis, so would be great if they could clean them more often. Please do something about the many people that sneak into the hotel to use the pool and jacuzzi. It seems like it would be really easy to install key card locks at the entrances.
4	I have stayed here a few times for work and a few times for vacation.  The pool is great for the whole family.  It is a great location for spring training, work in Phoenix or Scottsdale or visiting ASU. The restaurants are a little overpriced for what you get but they do have Starbucks coffee- which is always great.
2	Great location and beautiful property, but this Hotel is under staffed, under trained and lacks customer service skills common in most Marriotts of this level.  It's been a series of little things that all added up to compel me to leave this review.  One big thing was that on the two nights of my stay, rooms 3100 to 3160 leaked water due to roofing renovations. I'm talking serious leaks in the rooms and in the hallways.  Shoes and socks sopping wet from inches of water.    There have been several missteps in service here, but the kicker is that my reservation was for three nights, but on the morning of the second day, I received my checkout notice. Since I was supposed to stay another night, I called the front desk.  I asked why and they said they had left me a message in my room on the phone, but no light and no message in the system.  When I asked why nobody told me about having to move rooms, the supposed front desk manager said, we'll I'm telling you now in a rude and aggressive tone.   Now to be fair, I was upset because of the lack of communication and the attitude of the staff as if I was inconveniencing them by asking for service.  When I expressed my concerns and lack of service he said, "people have been complaining all night... What do you want me to do about it?"   Since he obviously didn't have proper hospitality training, certainly not common with marriott and my requests to speak with a manager  went unanswered I turned to social media.  (FYI as a frequent traveler I've literally stayed hundreds of nights, produced many events in marriott hotels)  I'm in room 3158 at least for a couple more hours and  looking forward to speaking with someone that actually cares about the customer.
4	Awesome place for a meal.  start you day with breakfast overlooking the city, very cool.Dinner at night gives you an even better view and be sure to try the Lamb its amazing.Note the restaurant staff is top notch.
4	My wife and I recently stayed here for our anniversary staycation. We were very satisfied with the stay. The room was excellent. The bed was clean and comfortable. I had read reviews of the low water pressure in the showers, but I had no issues at all. The hot tubs within the butte were amazing. We went at night and could look out over the city. The service was great, too. Everyone we talked to was pleasant. Unfortunately, we had to pay for parking and internet which should be included in the price of the hotel; however, we knew this in advance. We would definitely stay here again.
5	This property has character!! This is not your typical Marriott hotel, this is built within in the buttes and it is evident when you first check into registration and view the waterfall in the lobby.  The registration is by the "Top of the Rock" and the valet then drive with you down to the parking to assist with luggage to your room.  There are two pools that are connected by a "lazy river" that also has a "see through" view.  The cactus bar is a great way to get your cocktails by the pool and there are many trails to two different hot tubs that have excellent views of Tempe!  Food is outstanding and "Top of the Rock" is the choice for the sunset romantic dinner!  There is a small hiking trail directly across from the registration area that you can see the whole Phoenix valley (amazing!!!) and the Diablo Tempe stadium is a directly next to this hotel.  The drive to get to the hotel is beautiful at night (just be cautious if walking) and easy access to the 10 freeway going both ways.  Cell reception in places can go in and out but this is my second stay and I had no problems.  I will definitely be back in December 2014!
5	This hotel is definitely the best hotel in the Tempe/Phoenix, AZ area. I usually do my research online using Google Maps and found this hotel about an 8 minute drive from where I traveled for a work project. It felt really good to come back to this hotel/resort after a long day of work. I ate at the Top of the Rock and it was great and the service was super! The second day I ate at the hotel lobby restaurant and it was also great! The view at this hotel is outstanding. It has outside heated pools and hot tubs and I definitely made sure I tried them out....5 stars! Check this hotel out for business trips and for vacation getaways!
4	In the past, I would have given them 3 stars, but since they renovated the rooms, it's much nicer. Still frustrated that the water slide never seems to be working when we stay here.
4	Wonderful time.   We were surprised it only had 3.5 stars on priceline.   Beautiful hotel.
2	Let me start by saying we stayed at this hotel last year for Angels spring training and the experience was amazing! Service was perfect, staff was friendly, rooms were beautiful and you can't beat the location of the hotel and closeness to Tempe Diablo Stadium...We came back to stay at this hotel last weekend for our annual Angels spring training trip and we expected to have the same experience with our stay...but we were pretty disappointed. We booked our room about 3 months in advance for a patio room with a view and 2 double beds. When we arrived on Saturday morning to check in, we were early it was around 10 am. The room was not ready and they told us they would call as soon as it became available. We had a game to catch so we parked and walked down to the stadium. Later on that day my husband went back to grab our room keys...(we still hadn't received a call from the front desk but by now it was past 2pm and the room had to be ready). When my husband went to grab the keys, the gave him a hard time because he was not the name on the reservation, even though I let them know he would be picking up the keys. Once he finally got the keys and went to the room he noticed it only had one bed, no patio and no view! He called me and let me know, and I called the hotel. They told us there was nothing they could do. That they overbooked the 2 bed rooms and this was the only room available!! We had three people in our party, my husband and I and my father. This was unacceptable. Especially being we booked this room months in advance. Also the fact that when my husband went to pick up they keys they acted like nothing was wrong!! After the game I went to the front desk to complain and spoke with a manager- Shawn. He was very unprofessional and rude. He spoke in a condescending tone to my father and I. He offered no solutions, and said he would take $60 off our bill each night and they upgraded us to a one bedroom junior suite with a couch bed for my father...The problem I have with this is we did not want or need an upgrade! We needed an extra bed. And a discount to 199 a night hardly seems like a fix to me. Especially being that they had to provide a room with another bed somehow- so they were giving us a discount on a room they HAD to provide in order to properly accommodate. Seems a little backwards to me! Also Shawn the manager told us they overbooked, when I later found out this wasn't the case, and their was supposedly a "sick" guest. The communication among the front desk staff was ridiculous. They seem to have no idea what is really going on and will tell you anything to avoid confrontation. On top of all this room fiasco they had problems with the elevators all weekend and most went working. Had to open the service elevator...I spent my Saturday afternoon calling Marriott customer service and trying to speak to someone higher up in command. This never seemed to solve anything and no one could help me for the most part...We were told they would move us to the correct room on Sunday. However, no one ever called us until 6pm at night on Sunday to tell us a room was ready. At this point we were checking out the next morning, why would we move? We asked if they could provide us with some kind of dining credit to properly compensate and they refused this time and again, acting as if they credit off discount for the upgrade we didn't ask for was enough and it would break the bank to offer anything else. We are extremely disappointed with the resolution of everything and how things were handled by management and the front desk.I will say the resort is beautiful, the rooms are very comfortable otherwise and the wait staff at the restaurants are amazing! Perfect service. The front desk staff could learn a thing or two by watching the wait staff...We are still in the fence on whether we will stay at this hotel again next year. How do we know we will get the right room if we book in advance again? We will be treated like this by the front desk next year? Is it worth it...even though the location is perfect and the ambience is beautiful? I have yet to hear back from anyone at Marriott corporate...
4	I'm currently a guest at this hotel for my third day.  Overall, the scenery and pool areas are absolutely gorgeous.  The views from the lobby area are so beautiful.  I'm here for work but spent the weekend relaxing as well as doing some work.  I noticed also based on commentary on here that the hotel has gone through renovation.  While all the common areas I've used are very nice (Spa, gym, pools, restaurant), I found the rooms to also be nice and clean but nothing special.  It seems most other marriotts are updating furniture and such to be more modern and I haven't seen that here.  In general though, I'd definitely plan to come back.  Service was very good.  Spa treatments (Massage and Facial) - the therapists actually cared and did a great job, pool areas were beautiful and lovely service to have people walking around the pool constantly to get you drinks and food as needed.  All in all, great experience and can't wait to come back for work next year around the same time.
4	Good hotel experience. Close to airport. Clean property with very friendly service. A bit sprawled out, but on site transportation is easily available. Good gym. Heavenly brunch. Try the huevos rancheros!
1	I did not stay at this hotel.  I was in Arizona attending Spring Training games and went to Tempe to see an Angels game.  As I was coming off the freeway about 75 minutes before the game, there was a huge traffic mess that has backed the traffic to the freeway.  I thought it was unusual, usually the traffic is well managed at all the different stadiums around Arizona.  I sat in traffic for more than 60 minutes trying to get to the stadium only to find out the traffic was snarled because the Marriott was offering some parking at their facility and had zero signage and were slow processing people.  This caused the traffic on the main street to back up all the way to the freeway.  The traffic was frustrating people and I saw an incident of road rage as tempers flared with people trying to get to the game or even down the street.  I finally got up to the Marriot parking lot only to find out they had run out of parking spaces 15 minutes ago and Marriott did not have a method or plan to notify anyone.  Once I got past the traffic around the hotel, it was a snap getting to the parking area the city had designated and manned. I get that Marriott wants to sell their parking spaces, but they need to put out signage telling people that their lot in one option and have signage out on the main street to notify people.  I find Marriott's lack of customer service appalling.  This is not acceptable behavior.  I also complained to the city of Tempe, they need to reign in the mess being created by the Marriott.
2	We stayed here as part of our staycation to celebrate our anniversary and take a break from the kids. We were more than excited at the thought of sleeping in until 9 or so in a dark, cold hotel room. Unfortunately, the room did not allow that. Our room window was on the fourth floor facing the highway and there are only wooden shades, no curtains and we were blinded at 630 am by the amount of sunlight in the room. Additionally, we set the thermometer as low as it would go, 60 degrees and would guess the lowest the temp got in the room was 78. We liked the location and the pool, but since we were most looking forward to the room and we're disappointed I'm rating the hotel as poor.
4	Nice hotel, especially if you have a family or are looking for a resort type vacation. I stayed there for a few days on business and would have continued to stay had it been more convenient to where I was working. The hotel common areas are very aesthetically pleasing, as it's sort of built into the walls of the buttes (rocks I guess?) on the property. I didn't get a chance to eat at their more upscale restaurant, but can comment that the bar/cafe area was simply average.The pool area was great with my only complaint being the abundance of children (which is why I also said it's good for children).My complaints? Given the low and spread out nature of the hotel, finding parking near an entrance close to your room (especially with a elevator) is very difficult. My room was probably a football fields length from the closest elevator (perhaps more), and the only other exit on the opposite side had no elevator, so luggage had to be carried up and down 3 flights of stairs.I also booked a "resort view" room, which turned out to be  window right out onto a rockface. Not horrible, but certainly not a resort view. The alternative, less "desirable" view faces the highway, but is also set above the city and has a much nicer view of the skyline or mountains. Unless you get one of the lucky actual "Resort views", I would choose the highway view 10 out of 10 times. Also, while the hotel was renovated in 2013, it still has the original 1986 fixtures in the bathroom and some odd choices of furniture in the rooms.Finally, I should note: I left a nice android tablet there when I left (inside a drawer). I didn't even realize until the night afterwards and called them around 1AM to inquire if anyone had found it. Thinking it was a lost cause and trying to figure out how to replace it, imagine my surprise when they called me the next day to said it had been found. The cleaning staff could have just as easily pocketed it, but they were honest and turned it in, allowing me to collect just a day later.I'd stay here again the next time I'm in town, but I'd just ensure I get a different room.Oh yea, the only other downside is that because it's sort of it's own, self contained resort, you won't be walking out on the town anywhere like you might be able to do in downtown Tempe, Phoenix or Scottsdale.
1	Reserved room a week in advance and requested 11am early check in, is now 3:45pm and we've been waiting at the resort all day. Classic bad business: under delivering after over promising. The Grand just a few miles away seems like a much better option.
3	Beautiful landscaping...  love this resort hotel... I spent 2 nights here following my husband on his business trip. Driving into hotel, I am amazed with the landscaping of desert atmosphere. They don't have executive lounge but gave us breakfast vouchers good for continental breakfast only, adding $5 for hot breakfast. The room is not quite impressive... outdated looking.. but with patio. The pool are big enough separated between smoking and non-smoking with the slider. But the water is connected floating between the two areas but not really clean. There are so many leaves and dead insects in it. I just enjoyed being outside walking along the trail from my room to the pool and around.
2	3 reasons I didn't enjoy my 4 star hotel.Any shade in the desert is desirable I guess but luxury at Marriott at The Buttes was mostly a mirage.The saving grace has been the staff, the pool, and the view. Otherwise this would just be another hotel in the desert.1: The 1970s decor and smell. I actually bought an air freshener from Walgreens for my room. It wasn't bad enough to go through the trouble of a room change and now it smells like ocean waves. :)2: The cold breakfast. Literally the bacon, sausage, and most everything else was cold on morning 1... like leftovers kinda cold. And the hash browns were to die for, literally.Day 2 I got smart and ordered a fresh made omelette. Redemption is like a tall glass of ice water.3. The fire alarm. The fire alarm actually went off while I was typing this review. False alarm thank goodness, and no evacuation.I am happy to see that it works though. Safety first!Don't get me wrong, it's no hole in the wall; lots of amenities but I don't believe it deserves 4 stars, maybe 3 if you're feeling generous.The 2 large pools are great for an outdoor workout in the early morning or late evening. Great for family fun too!I mourn for what this location could be, a sparkling well of hope in a barren land. But mostly I mourn for what it is... old.
5	Drinks. Pools. Hot Tubs. Brunch. Awesome service staff. Comfortable beds. The occasional set of awesome plastic breasts in bikinis. Chuck-a-duck. Get a room, hit the pool and find Guillermo to bring you drinks. You're welcome.
5	One of the best marriott properties I have been to. The Buttes Resort is top notch at with Amazing service and happy employees who go 2 steps ahead to help you. Amazing views and the best part is the Pool and poolside bar! Will come back for sure.
4	The good:  Awesome pool, nice staff, air conditioned rooms with comfy beds, overall nice facility in general.The bad: older hotel, smaller rooms, NO TUB (unless you get a wheel chair accessible room).We had an overall great stay here.  This was our staycation for our 10 year wedding anniversary and the staff was even nice enough to send us chocolate lava cake with milk.  It was definitely a nice touch.  We'd definitely come visit again.
3	Growing up in Arizona, the Buttes were always known to me as an awesome place to stay, although I never did because, well, I lived there. But as an adult coming back to the valley to visit, this place left me wanting more. Don't get me wrong, the grounds are awesome, the bartenders and staff are great and the breakfast is delicious, but the rooms really need a total revamp. Our room was large, and you could tell they had recently updated them, but an update isn't enough. Our shower knob just turned and turned so it was a guessing game as to when it would turn on or off, as well as what the temp would be, there was a solid inch gap where the faucet had pulled from the wall and someone tried to caulk it, but it was hideous and didn't work, our room still had a hideaway bed in the wall, very creepy!  The decor has got to go. Other than the outdated rooms and the millions of bees swimming next to you in the pools, this was a fun place to stay. They had live bands or Djs on the weekends by the pool, it was very lively, there are a few hidden hot tubs placed high in the mountain sides, overlooking the rest of the pool, and they had many great areas to get an awesome view of the beautiful Arizona sunsets.
2	My husband and I stayed here about 1 1/2 years ago after we got married.  We thought it was wonderful...but perhaps we were a bit star struck.  We came back for a 3-night  weekend staycation because we remembered that we really liked it, but ended up not really enjoying it much.  I guess the price is pretty good as they are trying to draw people in.  The advertised price is $98...which, when you include taxes and parking fees it comes to about $122 per night.  OK...so it is a resort, but I didn't find the room to be very resort like.  In much less expensive hotels like Super 8 or Best Western, the price of the room includes things like Hot Breakfast, free internet, and free parking...and often times a large bathtub.  We ordered room-service breakfast one morning...very expensive.  I had eggs benedict...which I thought was terrible.  I have only had eggs benedict once before and thought it was marvelous...but that was a long time ago...so maybe they aren't as good as I remembered.   My husband ordered scrambled eggs, ham and hashbrowns...he was happy enough...and I must agree his ham was good.  We both also has a glass or OJ...  So for the two breakfasts and 2 glasses of OJ...we were charged $50.  That seems like a lot for a mediocre (at best) breakfast.  Getting past that...we were there to have a quiet, relaxing vacation, but that is not what we got.  First of all we were put in a room pool side.  Very noisy for at least 12-16 hours a day.  Music blaring, people talking...not quite what we had in mind.  After a day of that we requested a room change.  They were very nice and sent a bellhop to take care of us right away.  (That was impressive)  We got a room far away from the crowd and felt relief...until the next morning.  At 7:30 in the morning the neighbors...checking out I guess, made a lot of noise.  Opening and closing their door over and over...They were using the door lock as a stopper so we heard a constant banging against it...  I don't know what they were doing, but that door opened and closed hundreds of times.  Not to mention the loud laughing and talking of what sounded like at least 6 people in the room.  Finally around 11:00 am they checked out never to be heard again.  Just about that time the yard crew came in and began their work with their power equipment.  By that time I was pretty frustrated.  What I really wanted was a quiet weekend with my husband, what I got was anything but.  I was ready to check out that day because I figured it would be quieter and more relaxing at home, however, once booked, if you check out early, they still charge you for an extra day anyway.  So we stayed the last day.  It did get a bit quieter as Sunday is a checkout  day...and there were fewer people.  We went in to get some Ice Cream from the sundries store...but just couldn't stomach paying $8.50 for a pint of ice cream...so we went to Chili's and enjoyed getting away from the hotel for a while. The rooms were clean and the staff was friendly...that was a saving grace, but the experience was stressful.  If you are wanting a party atmosphere...this might be the place for your next summer staycation.  If you are looking for peace and quiet...not so much.  Maybe in the fall and winter months when the locals are staying home. We considered some other resorts for our get away, but because we had such good memories of our previous stay, we chose to return.  All in all...we were very disappointed.
5	Wow booked this through hotel tonight. The rooms are beautiful, comfortable, and spacious. The pool is huge, with a water slide to keep your kids happy. Waterfalls all around the pool. The buffet breakfast with omelet station was enough to fill up my 2 teens. And the spa has wicked deals on massages mom-Thursday.
2	A group of 7 families decided to book a family stay-cation for the Fourth of July at the Marriott Tempe Buttes for the first time.  The property is beautiful and well maintained, the check in staff were very friendly and helpful. The pool attendant Krystina was the absolute best. However- we did have some very serious service related issues with our stay: 1.  The main reason for staying at the Buttes was to spend the day at the pool so the kids could play on the water slide.  By the end of the day the little ones all looked like they had been used as whipping posts from the bruises and scrapes left from a too-dry water slide. ALL of the kids had multiple bruises and scrapes on their little backsides and backs.  That is unacceptable! A total safety issue that needs to be rectified.  2. Prior to arrival, we had checked with the front desk to clear snacks and water bottles at the pool.  Once given the go-ahead we pack the standard: water bottles, goldfish, popcorn, etc. Upon entering the pool our bags were searched for alcohol.  Anytime the pool manager walked by our area, our bags were searched again.  This happened SEVERAL times.  I can see searching once for due diligence- but after the second or third round- it was frustrating, humiliating and embarrassing. We didn't even stay pool side long enough to watch the fireworks from the pool due to the whole situation. Spent $145/night to sit in the hotel room.  3. Although I love a good party, and can not fault the staff for noise levels of guests due to celebration, it took 3 calls from 11pm-3am for staff to finally knock on neighbors door and insist on quiet.  Definitely not my best hotel experience. I honestly do not see myself going back to a Marriott property anytime soon.  Normally I will give a place a second or third chance before bashing them online, but this whole experience was incredible- in the worst possible way.
4	I have to say I love this place for a quick getaway.  The service is always amazing. Don, Casey,  Aj and Jesus are awesome at the pool bar. They are attentive,  fun and do what they can to make your stay amazing. The rooms are always clean and their beds are so comforable. Ask for a room in the north building as it's closer to everything. The food at the pool is good too. The sunday buffett at the cafe is amazing. They have a waterslide for the kids and adults too. Lots of fun. I love that they have a side of the pool more for adults and it's the only side you can smoke in. The side with the slide is non-smoking as it's geared more for kids. Great rates, lots of fun and a comfortable stay.  I highly suggest this resort.
3	I was there for three days last week for a work conference, so I can't really speak to what my experience would have been had I just been there on vacation. But... Here's what I experienced:The good: My bed was comfy. The pool (even though I didn't get to use it) looked awesome. I know others enjoyed it. I was offered an Arnold Palmer as soon as I stepped into the lobby, which was nice. The staff was friendly. The not-so-good: No tub in my room. Seriously? No bathtub? I mean, the shower was big... but it's a hotel. Unless I'm staying at the YMCA Youth Hostel, I generally expect a tub in my room. The carpets in the conference center smelled musty and moldy and like old cleaning chemicals. Not pleasant, at all, especially when you're sitting in conference rooms for hours at a time. The food. Honestly, this could have been my biggest issue, so I'm going to go into more detail.The Buttes is a popular place for weddings. Some of the views are great, so I can see how some might see it as a great place to gather. But if the food they gave us was anything like the food they offer at weddings, I'd NEVER use it. At the conference we had colleagues from all over the country; Florida, Texas, Ohio, Arizona and Pittsburgh. I blame all the whiteys from the east coast for our food the first night. I think the chefs saw that the majority of the people with us were from out of town and wouldn't know good Mexican food if it bit them. So what we got resembled Mexican food in name only. We were served rice, beans, shredded beef, chicken fajitas, shrimp fajitas, with taco shells and tortillas to put it all into. The rice was red, but tasted like nothing. The shredded beef had zero flavour. No salt, nothing. It was literally the blandest meat I'd ever had. The chicken and shrimp fajitas were so overpowered with bell peppers that they tasted like a microwave meal. The salsas were bland and flavourless, which complimented the meal perfectly. .... Dessert was disappointing too, except for the tres leches cake. It wasn't great, but it was definitely the best thing of the whole spread. The food the rest of the time I was there pretty much followed suit. Bland, flavourless. Runny eggs for breakfast. Dry 30-hour roast beef. Some of the desserts weren't too bad, but even then they seemed like they were packaged, not made in house. For instance, the flan looked, and tasted, like little piles of pudding on top of Smucker's caramel sauce. I don't think there was anything that I can say, "Oh yeah! That was awesome!" Truly disappointing. All in all, I don't know that I would make it a 4 star resort. 3 stars maybe. I don't think I'd go back unless someone else was footing the bill. There are other places in town, comparable prices, better amenities, that I'd rather frequent.
5	This was a nice hotel for a quick weekend getaway.  Nice property, upgraded rooms, good amenities.  It's unique as the hotel is built into a mountain. They definitely brought the outdoors in.  I liked the modern Arizona touches throughout the decor and landscaping.  Good location as well.  It's not the typical Marriott chain hotel if that's what you're looking for which is why I liked this place.The pool was nice. There's a water slide you can ride down, landing in a small pool. You have to climb back up to get back to the larger pool area.  there's also a cool underwater window which makes for awesome pictures.  Lots of lounge chairs available with both sun and shady areas.  I liked how there was a 24 hour jacuzzi which we enjoyed in the moonlight with the sound of a waterfall just above it. There are other outdoor amenities you can take advantage of if the weather was a little cooler. We opted for the pool. I also liked how they had fruit infused water dispensers all over the hotel.  The room was spacious, conveniently located, comfy beds, large bathroom, nice shower, no tub (we dont use it anyway), awesome toiletries.  All smiles, no complaints. We had a pleasant and relaxing stay.Not sure about the food as we did not dine at the hotel.  I saw other reviews for outdated rooms. That was not the case for us - Silver Elite could have scored us a better room.
3	Spring Training stay with hubby and 13 month old This is a do it yourself, be on your own hotel, what I mean is after check in you're pretty much on your ownAs a mom when I think vacation I think other people doing the work, not the case After checking in you get back in your car, drive down the hill, locate your room, then unload and carry in your bagsWe brought our own play pen and highchair since we've experienced issues in the past, we requested a fridge and booked a single king roomThe room was spacious although the hallways were a bit musty FYI this hotel does NOT have tubs in any of its rooms so we had to shower with our little guyAfter unpacking we decided we wanted to go out to eat and check out the hotel layout, the only options on the property were the pool grill or top of the rock resturant, what we found was an outdoor bar you could order food at while drunks smoke cigars a table away from you and a restaurant that is not child friendly and priceyWe ended up at top of the rock and after 15 minutes the restaurant was able to scrounge up a highchair, the food was decent, hubby had the steak (which I thought tasted like liquid smoke) and I had the pot roast which still had string on it and served with veggies drenched in sauce, they didn't have an actual kids menu but the waitress was able to get us a small serving of mac n cheese and fruit for our little guyWe ordered room service for breakfast, decent price and yummy and ate at the buffet another morning, buffets a better deal at $16 with an omelette and waffle bar We went to the pool around 6pm, it was dead and the water was freezing, the jacuzzis are nice but you feel like a mountain goat running up and down the hillside to get to them or your towelsOn the way back from a game a staff member flagged us down and offered us a ride back up the hill, on the ride he mentioned they do it all day during Spring training, although it was the first time hearing about it The fact the stadium is within walking distance is about the only thing that would get me to stay here again They should really consider a more family friendly dining option (even if its just seasonal)
1	My boyfriend and I came here for a stay-cation for our anniversary from tucson, away from the kids for one night and let's just say that was long enough. When we arrived the staff was okay, and we found our room easily. The room is very small and everything smells musty, I know it's an old place but the halls and rooms don't get any fresh air. My favorites about the room were the comfy bed, and the vanity area. We didn't eat dinner here because nothing looked appealing enough for what the prices were, so we just did happy hour with a pushy waitress, then went elsewhere to eat. The breakfast buffet was good though, only problem there was the waiters there were so rude, ours in particular was no help. He walked by and said "let me know if you need anything" and walked away. Didn't ask what we wanted to drink and didn't start with waters like we saw him do with other guests. By the time he came back with water and we had to ask for our drinks we were almost through with our food. So our good breakfast was short lived. I don't know if it was because we are a younger couple mid 20's why we we're given this attitude and dirty looks by most of the staff, but definitely wasn't appreciated. It was a waste of money. Pools were nice but we didn't use them. Needless to say I won't be returning.
4	Ok.. this hotel has great prices on rooms and the pool is awesome btw the restaurant is excellent. So what not that great about this hotel the rooms are a little old but not in terrible shape thats why I gave this hotel 4 stars...but let be honest you are in AZ (outside fun) and the hotel is near the malls and if you want to get some hiking and mountain biking in South Mountain is near by..so much fun go early in the morning if.. you are visiting in the summer get way to hot in the afternoon. Military members this hotel offers a great Military discount..a good place to take the family and have the children swim in the hotels huge pool....a perfect little get away.
1	So disappointed 1) bell desk doesn't even offer to take you or your bags to your room. 2) our "Resort view" from our room was rocks 3) rooms are old & not updated 4) Staff at the bar were doing shots & had stained shirts, very Trashy 5) Air conditioner didn't work in our room so I couldn't sleep6) Spa is very small and datedThis was our 6 year Anniversary and it was a good thing i was able to get past the hotel and enjoy my husband
4	Thanks to our church's staycation retreat weekend, my husband and I were able to experience many facets of this resort for an evening.  The property is beautiful, they really blend the line from outside to inside with glass walls, landscaping, and parts of the buildings built into the mountain.  It's on top of a butte, secluded on the mountain but surrounded by the city with great views for miles.  The lobby and restaurant are in one building and guest rooms are below, and the two are connected by the pools, a waterfall, and a bridge that overlooks the desert scenery.The rooms are standard Marriott rooms, with beds that everyone seems to enjoy but I find a little bit overrated.  The room was extremely clean though, and comfortable overall.  Our group was able to enjoy the Chairman's suite for a part of our seminar, and it is literally larger than my house.  The crowd of 50 or so fit easily and everybody admired the small sauna in the master bedroom.The hotel elves reset our conference room between each use, giving us more than enough pens, notepads, and those little hollow hard candies.  They assisted with the tech setup, but were primarily invisible to the guests.  We had lunch in the cafe just off the lobby, which was nice.  The salad with squash and pecans was surprisingly hearty, and we split a standard burger.  I do wish the burger would come with a side, but you have to add one on.  The views are nice from the cafe either looking out the glass wall at the desert landscaping or the indoor waterfall.  Our waitress was one of the few employees we really encountered during our stay, and she was pleasant and accommodating.  She split our burger on to two plates without being asked, which is such a considerate effort.Unfortunately, we were not able to enjoy the spa or the pool, but they looked lovely.  I was happy with the stay overall and would return for a staycation, next time the situation allows.
4	Great place to stay when you're in the area! The rooms are spacious, the hotel bar is a nice place to socialize/grab a bite, and the pool is amazing! The breakfast buffet is good...just a little overpriced if you ask me. I'd definitely stay here again!
2	I'm a Marriott Rewards Gold member and spend lots of leisure trips and business trips at Marriott brand hotels. The Buttes, unfortunately, did not meet my expectations. The service was good, but the rooms were quite outdated and the food (room service and The Top of The Rock Restaurant) was mediocre at best. There was a strange, unpleasant smell in our hallway and room foyer, as well. On the bright side, the spa was fabulous. I had an 80 minute massage that rocked my world.  Overall, however, I was pretty underwhelmed by this resort.
5	was here for a quince with my girlfriend and her family and i must say i was very happy with my stay....the rooms were nice, the pool was big and relaxing....and even though i am 25, i went down the water slide like a BOSS!!!! the bar by the pool was cool,  made conversation with the bartenders......we had breakfast on saturday, and though it was a bit pricey, it was still good.....
