4	I enjoy going to this location to buy fresh fruit and their freshly made tortilla chips. The prices for their fruit is way cheaper than other places as well as their jalapenos. I don't really buy the groceries as they do seem to be a little higher than other stores, but their produce department gets two thumbs up from me.
4	Food City is your typical latino market..I grew up in Northern NJ, where we had a million littlle spots that looked just like this one.The exception, is there is very little south american or carribbean labels..until now.I've had a hard time adjusting to food shopping in AZ-I've searched far and wide because most products are geared toward the Mexican population, which I totally get, but hey, there are other latinos out here too!I walk into Food City, and I'm totally overwhelmed with joy-they now carry most of the Goya line. For us east coast latinos...it's a blessing like you wouldn't believe. Sure, the prices are inflated compared to back east (why is nectar goya almost $2?!), but being able to buy them local vs having my relatives ship me boxes of Goya products is fantastic!! Thank you Food City, for realizing other latinos need our Goya stuff :)
4	I am a recent Food City convert. I used to only go when I needed hominy in bulk and couldn't find it in the grocery store. I now shop here on a much more regular basis for 2 reasons. 1. Cheap ass produce. Seriously 8 cucumbers for $1 and 3 pounds of roma tomatoes for $1. Ridiculous. I have a juicer so we use A LOT of produce and Food City has 80% cheaper produce than any other grocery stores in the state. 2. Cheap ass spices - I recently made Puerco pibil and needed Anchiote, I found it for $2 in a small bag. The only other store I found that carried it was charging over $12, no lie. So I can't vouch for the rest of the store, but if you need spices or produce the is THE SPOT!
3	Visited just for one thing - Inca Kola.Which they had in cans, bottles and were also very cheap! For that I should give them 4 * but as I didn't visit the rest of the shop it wouldn't be fair.I've missed you Inca Kola
3	3.5 STARS. Good place to find all sort of spices, chili peppers and hard to find produce when making an authentic meal from Mexico City. Owned by the same family that owns Basha's and AJ's. This is their lower end market designed for people on a cheaper budget. You may have to pick through the produce or the meats a little bit to find what you need or want. They get the funny looking pieces or shapes that the upper end stores may not want to carry in their displays.Picked up some Poblano Peppers and some Mexican Cheese to make Chili Rellenos, some hulled pumpkin seeds, tomatoes, and habenero peppers to make a Yucatecan Pumpkin Seed dip. Goes good with some Jicama that you can slice thin to use as chips for the dip. Also the ingredients to make Chicken Tinga Tostados which is shredded chicken mixed into a blended sauce made with tomato, onion, garlic, and chipotle in adobo sauce. Don't forget some Cotija Cheese to crumble on top for that restaurant look and taste.They also have a fun bakery with lots of Mexican goodies and an area off to the side that makes tortillas fresh while you watch.Not where we usually shop but they have what it takes to reproduce several of Rick Bayless's famous authentic recipes in his cookbooks.Located right next to the Greenway Square. Es bueno tener cuidado!
4	If you are looking for Southwestern/Mexican/Latino ingredients at a killer price - look no further. They have all the spices and peppers you want. They have all the meat selections you probably won't find at the other supermarkets (tongue/hooves/oxtail). Plenty of queso brands and styles. They have a tortilleria, and their salsa frescas are pretty good. Now, if I could just get down there before they sell out of Xtra-hot Hatch chiles, I'd be happy. Those puppies go fast!
4	I'm told this is one of the nicest Food City locations.  Where else can you get a bag of pastillera for a few dollars?  Instead of several dollars each at AJ's.  Love the selection of mexican food stuffs.  $15 Jimador  with a nice glass was a nice bonus find.
3	Having now visited the rest of the shop, I can say the meat is very reasonably priced. I go here to buy pork shoulder and pig fat for my sausages and it's always good value. Wide selection of different cuts and offal that main stream supermarkets don't stock.Did I mention they sell Inca Cola? There are only two countries in the world that have a soft drink that out sells Coca Cola. One is Peru (Inca Kola) The other is Scotland (Irn Bru)
5	Is this a hidden gem?  My friend told me about Food City and I think I owe her big.  I do not have a garden and love avocados, tomatoes, garlic, limes, and fresh herbs.  Prices have skyrocketed at other grocery stories sometimes with avocados retailing at $2.50.  The prices here were insane (and in a good way)!Where to begin?  Pineapples - 3lbs for 99 centsAvocados - 4 for 89 centsCilantro - 89 or 69 centsGarlic - I think close to the same as the avocadosLime - 4 for 69 centsFresh restaurant style tortillas and chips for bargain pricing.Tres Leches cake that was out of this world!
5	seriously , flor was the greatest and she definatly enjoys her job ..she went out of her way to help me find products and even went in the back to find me more , then proceeded to check me out ...so happy she saved me ten more trips )))
3	Fast checkout surprised to see that there wasn't many shoppers, place was nice and neat had a weird guy look at me kinda scared lol bt other dan dat it was ok. Nothing wow or bad either jst neutral.
