4	Craig Road Car Wash.  Craig Road Car Wash.  Nothing fancy to the name, yet far from simple and plain.  Comparable to my favorite Regency Auto Spa on Maryland Parkway, Craig Road Car Wash is my second favorite car wash.  Being that I don't live near UNLV anymore, I had to find a place that can satisfy my desire for cleanliness and still provide that 5-star rating customer service.  And I found just that with Craig Road Car Wash.Located at the intersection of Craig Road and Decatur, Craig Road Car Wash's service battles for loyalty from it's patrons with Fabulous Freddy Car Wash on the southwest corner of the intersection.  But with Freddy across the street, CRCW continues to keep busy and keeps their patrons satisfied without cutting any corners off the littlest of details, ie. me!  They tend to be fairly busy during the afternoons, so I suggest hitting them in the late morning to beat that after lunch rush.  When you arrive on the drive-way, there is a windshield repair guy that offers to fix the chips in your windshield.  Personally, I've allowed them to fix my chips and with a short call to my insurance, they've fixed the chips no charge and no problem.  No increase or anything to my insurance.They offer different levels of service for a decent price and like I said, they do not stiff you on the detailing.  As soon as your car comes out, the employees of CRCW are right on it!  You can lounge on their shaded patio while you wait for you car to be wiped down and detailed or you can chill inside on the computers with free internet or lounge in a massage chair and watch what's on the news.  After you pay for your choice of wash, don't forget to grab yourself a free air freshener (Cherry is favorite!).  Once your car is done after about 20-25 minutes, feel free to drop a tip in the mailbox for the workers!  I like this specific part about CRCW because you know the tips are going to be shared with the other workers.
5	Best Car Wash anywhere! Not only do they do a great job cleaning inside and out, they fix the dents on your windshield. They also have AMAZING customer service. Last time I went in, I decided to get the dent in my windshield fixed. Something went a little wrong because of weird placement of the dent but they fixed it without blaming my car or me. I love great customer service and it seems very hard to find lately. They rock the house! If you want a great car wash with excellent service, this is the place to go.
5	Military friendly!! Amazing work that would take me all day to do takes them 30 mins!! We all know time is so precious these days!! :D
2	At first, the guy offering to repair your cracked windshield seems like a cheesy sleazeball scammer (making presumptuous comments and trying to take advantage of any girl that looks gullible). But it turns out this place is pretty legit and the car windshield "crack repair" is genius on behalf of CRCW's business model. Not only do they have massage chairs, free Internet, TV, video games, vending machines, and "shopping" to keep you occupied while you wait, but they very successfully offer to fix your windshield for free. You have to call your insurance and make a "no fault" claim, which seems a little shady but is brilliant on their part and yours if you want to take preventative measures and avoid paying high deductibles and/or a pretty pricey fix-it-ticket. I spent over 3 hours at this car wash today. . . .I originally went to get a car wash and ended up going along with the windshield repair gig. I decided to come back within 5 minutes of driving away because it seemed as if the the guys did a really crappy job and cleaning the hood of my car and left some water stains behind. I also noticed a few more bigger cracks in the windshield that must have been overlooked. Second time around and 3.5 hours later: a simple car wash turned into over $140 in exterior detailing (that wax better have had some aerodynamic substances that make my gas mileage more efficient?!?!?). Nonetheless my car is spotless and they fixed the other cracks. Overall, I'm happy with the service and all car washers did a phenomenal job (probably the best car wash I've ever purchased). Waaaaaaaay too pricey though. . . I definitely got overcharged and taken advantage of. They made a bigger deal out of something I could have fixed myself: DON'T LET THEM FOOL YOU WITH THEIR HARD WATER SCHPEIL!!!  Would have tipped more if my bill wasn't so outrageous.
4	I personally Love this car wash.. Been a customer here for several years and they're typically very expedient. They have several car washing and detailing tiers from inexpensive.. 14.99 all the way up to almost 200.00 I've personally had everything in between. They also almost always have specials where they take anywhere from $ 5-10.00 off. Which we all know that discounts make me happy.. score another for CRCW. The only issue I have with the place is their windshield harassers.Dont buy into it, yes your insurance will cover the cost of the repair but the reps are usually very pushy and I once did allow them to do a repair and it looked exactly the same as it did when I came in when I left. I learned that lesson.. !
1	Watch out for the crack windshield guys, after you make a claim to your insurance your rates will go up for filing a claim.
1	My first EXPERIENCE WAS NOT SO FABULOUS! My car wash was done sloppy. They forgot to wash the black dirt from my rims. Two days later my car got rained on. I contacted the WASH Manager Neil Morgan to see if they can comp me a free wash. Neil said NO and advised me about the two day car wash policy if it rains. He said my time has expired and I waited too late. I was 3 days over. I pleaded for him to make an exception considering I did not know about the 2 day wash policy. He did and told me that I have to come today or he will not grant me the wash. I advised him I can only come on the weekends because I work.. He said NO today ONLY because he does not work on the weekends and we are very busy on the weekends. He then reminded me that he does not have to grant me the wash considering i'm over the 2 days. I thanked him and told him I appreciate the offer but I simply cant make it! HE SAID OH WELL.  Needless to say I will NOT be spending anymore of my money at Fabulous NOT SO FREDDIE.  I would rather go up the STREET and spend a few dollars more for the CUSTOMER SERVICE!UPDATE: I sent a email to the corporate office explaining the above situationa and my experience with Neil Morgan the Manager. Chris Alexander the General Manager called me back upon receiving complaint and apologing for my first time experience car wash. I really appreciate a company that believes in customer service and I really appreciate Chris Alexander advising me that it will be ok for me to bring my car back in to get rewash for FREE this WEEKEND. I believe in second chances and I will be patronizing FABULOUS FREDDIE again! Thank you Chris!
5	Best carwash in the Northwest.  Believe they are owned by Friendly Bear Carwash over on Nellis (which I believe is the best carwash in town).  They do a good job just make sure you get all the mud off in your wheel wells.  My truck gets filthy and they've missed that a couple of time, but still the best in the Northwest.  Hardworkeing crew that finishes after the wash.  I never discuss the windshield repair with them..I'm there just for the wash.  Also the massage chairs make my wait awesome!
5	Putting in $15 to $25 here goes a LONG way in getting your car cleaned up!Spent $25 for "Luxury Car Wash", and they even cleaned off the Coca Cola Goo that was caked in front of my shifter of my car. You know... Dealing with these idiot Vegas drivers cutting each other off means a lot of my drinks get spilled all over the place from slamming on the brakes and downshifting.They even gave me a cinnamon flavored car freshener! Took care of all my water spots from the monsoon season here. And unlike other car wash spots, if you don't have much time to wait... The job here can be in and out in under 20 minutes!
1	I hate giving out one star on here but in this case I feel like it's deserved.I've taken mine, and my bf's, cars here pretty much since we moved to Vegas last summer. The last time I took his car they managed to suck up the rubber discs on the bottom of his cup holders. I didn't notice it at first but about half way home I did and gave them a call. They told me that they would look for them and call me back. After about a week I had to call them back, once again I was told I would get a call back and of course I didn't. Finally I was told that they never had a chance to look and that the vacuums were already emptied and then was hung up on. The awful customer service will keep me away.
1	Thought they were just okay, rear view mirror was not cleaned, windows were smudgy, and water spots over entire car...went back after talking to the manager, Armondo came to "fix" it, looked annoyed, and frustrated as I pointed out the areas all over the car. Usually I'm not so picky, but back home I've never had my car look dirty AFTER a wash! Never again.
4	I usually wash my own car, but when the wife got a used Acura MDX in BLACK of all colors...I gave up.  No matter what the Hell I do, when I washed it all it left me was streaks and sore wrists.  Black leaves scratches and swirls no matter what!  It drove me crazy.  Not to mention every time I washed it, the darn thing took a chunk of my afternoon.  One weekend after I got it washed and waxed...and it rained two days later...I said 'F this'.  I'd rather be chased by a horde of hungry walkers than have to waste my time washing this car again.  I am taking this thing to a car wash from now on!But I hate most car wash places because of the stupid brushes they use to clean your car.  Majority of them are very harsh, and they leave tons of scratches!  I have on occasion come back from a car wash and have had to use touch up paint to cover up some spots those brushes managed to mess up.  But after much looking, I have finally found a decent car wash spot near me.I noticed that Craig Road Car Wash has a few real low scores.  That's kinda to be expected with the volume of cars they do on a daily basis.  Come on, desert dust mixed in with 100+ degree heat!  Pay to wash my car?  Yes, please!  This place is almost constantly busy.  Of course there will be some unsatisfied folks.  Here's a few tips about Craig Road Car Wash.  Go early:  they usually open around 8:00 AM most days.  Go there early when the sun isn't at it's hottest and the place isn't that busy yet.  You will get a bit better attention for your sweet ride.  Don't like the work they did?  Go over it as soon as you get your keys back and keep asking for things to get addressed.  Water stains leftover?  Have them wipe it over.  Streaks?  Have them wipe it over.  Something missing?  Definitely get this looked at BEFORE you leave the car wash.  I always make them address something before I give them a tip, and on all cases so far they've taken care of my car.  But, go earlier in the morning before it gets busy if at all possible.  Also, think about it...workers are more productive at the beginning of a shift than at the end of a shift where they are tired and sore.  The Las Vegas heat makes people go crazy, yo!  One reason I go to the Craig Road Car Wash is because they use soft cloth brushes for cleaning cars.  To me it makes a big difference with seeing less scratches and swirls on your ride.  The brushes move slower and are less damaging to your car.  Another reason I go to the Craig Road Car Wash - prices!  Some of the most competitive prices in town.  I don't want to constantly pay $100+ to get a black car detailed, but at the same time I don't want a $7 cheapie car wash that will leave a black car worse for wear.  Craig Road Car Wash has several different options and packages to get your ride ready for easy Sunday morning cruisin'.  I usually stick with the Super Wash for my car.  It's under $19 and comes complete with just about everything your car needs to be clean, inside and out.  For those in the know, the Wash 'n Express Hand Was Manager's Special will get your car washed and waxed for under $32.  This seems to be one of their better specials.  This is what I get when I want the black MDX to shine just a lil' bit more.Craig Road Car Wash also offers different full detail packages at good prices for you folks with fancy rides.  Tons of people with sweet rides are here often.  I've seen a Lamborghini getting detailed, as well as a classic Mercedez Benz from the 70's.  All walks of life.  Craig Road Car Wash also offers additional services such as headlight restoration, and windshield repair at reasonable prices.    Another good thing about Craig Road Car Wash is their free car club.  Use your license plate to join and every time your car is washed it's tallied in their system.  Once you get 10 washes, your next one is free.  Not bad!  I notice I'm here at least 1-2 times a month.  Probably more since the dusty season is just ahead.So in the end, if you want a decent car wash visit Craig Road Car Wash.  No regular car wash here is perfect and folks will miss things from time to time.  Just be sure to watch them like a hawk!  Once you go black (car)...you might just go back!
3	This place is pretty good but be careful if you have tinted windows because they messed up my drivers side tint
4	Great Customer Service, but did find some water spots...they fixed on the spot. I do recommend a walk thru when you get your car, they will fix anything you find wrong.
4	Great car wash! I've been coming here for about 8 years now and the service has always been good even after the new management a few years ago. I usually go for the regular was and vacuum but about twice a year I do the full detail and hand wax. There's a nice little waiting room inside or patio outside. Staff is always professional and friendly. The price is good considering the amount of detail that goes into cleaning your car.
4	Friendly staff, prompt service. Nice facility and bathroom was clean. Sitting area with massage chairs, LCD TV, magazines, and music in the background. Open covered patio with plenty of sitting area. Car was nicely was and dried.
2	Staff is nice and friendly but the car wash did a terrible job. They had employees dry my car but when I got home I discovered spots all over. I'll stick to Fabulous Freddy's from now on.
2	Employees friendly, but do a terrible job cleaning. I rather deal with the long waiting at Fabulous Freddy across the street.
5	The cashier was one of the nicest people I have met. We had quite a bit of spare change in the car and she helped count and took it all. Greatest cashier ever! The rest of the staff was friendly and kind. After an all day off road race we got every pennies worth of a car cleaning and headlight buffing!
1	They do an ok job on the wash. Interior not all that great. BEWARE of the BS FREE WINDSHIELD CRACK REPAIR scam. They'll say something like it's free repair, all we have to do is call your insurance company to verify your coverage. What you find out later on is that it is an actual insurance claim and your rates WILL GO UP! It almost happened to me, fortunately if was able to take care of it before the damage was done
5	They did an excellent job on our car. I was a little skeptical since this was our first time here. The car wash inside was clean and customer service was friendly. They offer indoor and outdoor waiting. The water mist was an added bonus while waiting outside on a hot day. I would come here again!! Highly recommend!
3	Waiting room nice and cool ... But they would not honor the yelp discount... Car should be nice and clean though :)Used to come here all the time hopefully service is walgat it
4	I just moved to this side of town and was looking for a new car wash. I tried them out and was satasfied.There are multiple bays to pull into when you first arrive, with easy to read pricing. The one thing that could be improved on is the wait time before someone acknowledges you. Once inside, there is plenty to look at. They sell a little of everything inside, car products, crafts, cards, drinks, snacks, etc. Pick up a little something and then head to the cashier. I wish I remembered her name, but very friendly. You can either wait inside or outside, both have plenty of seating. They seem to have plenty of people working, but it's a little slower than most places. They do pay attention to the details, and my car came out very clean and they dried all those easy to miss spots. Overall, a good place to wash the car.
1	When I came in today 10/13/2014 at about 11:00 am for an Express Detail I had my Expedition and my parking sticker from where I work. When I left I just had my Expedition. It was on the passenger side of the car stuck to the lower part of the inside front window. These stickers are very hard to get off. So needless to say I won't be back. To bad I had been coming here for a long time.
1	First day in town I visited this place and they sprayed something on my gauge cluster that won't come off. Looks like Armor All. Before even pulling out of their parking lot I noticed this problem and spoke with a manager who assured me that I was delusional and they don't take chemicals inside car, so it couldn't even have been an accidental spray. Complete snakes and rats of a management team. Take your car here as a last result, but you will do so at a risk.
3	I'm being nice by giving 3 stars, I'd rather give 2.5.  Well, they were nice and such, showing me a chip on my windshield that I would never have taken notice at before.  But I noticed upon picking up my car, they did not vacuum at all between the two front seats.  I hadn't vacuumed my car in maybe a year so it was not hard to miss.  I had to go back around and have them do it again.  And after I left I noticed my windshield looked as though it was covered in fine dust.  Much better than before, but they could have done a better job, I could have done a better job.  They didn't wipe all the way down my back windshield, so I can still see the old film or whatever is back there.  They didn't even clean the mirrors on my two sunvisors.  I didn't have them repair the chip in my car, I'll go to a place that is in-network with Safelite, I'd rather be safe than sorry.  Needless to say, this was WAS NOT worth the $30 I spent.  If I do go back I'll just get a cheapy wash and vacuum next time.
5	Definitely the best place to get your car washed. They pay attention to all of the details the other chain companies do not. Everyone is always beyond friendly which is a rarity nowadays.
