4	Just stopped here for a quick chilldown on a hot afternoon. This place is self-serve at $0.35/ounce. They have about 12 flavors that change occasionally - today's selections included Blueberries & Cream, Mint, California Tart, Caramel, Milk Chocolate and some fruit sorbet flavors, maybe one was Boysenberry? I opted for the Peanut Butter...made from organic PB...and topped it with some mini-chocolate chips. Yum.The neighborhood ain't shabby. It's in Dana Park along with A.J.'s Fine Foods, Z Gallerie, RA, J. Jill and several other nicer-end stores. Grab something cool and wander around the nice outdoor mall.
2	I only went here because i had a coupon that came in the mail. The store is not setup in a way that it easy to get around and serve yourself. They don't have a wide selections of flavors. The toppings have even a less of variety and were all just about empty. The girls working the front counter were just sitting around on the counter and were not too friendly at all.
4	I love this place.  It is a little out of the way, but well worth the trip.  Here, it is all about the frozen yogurt.  Great varieties, awesome toppings, and it is made with frutcose, which is an excellent healthful alternative.  I bring my wife and kids for an occasional treat.  Eat well.  Be well.
3	I still say Yogurtland is the best froyo in the east valley at least. Someone correct me and I'll go try it. This place has 2, count them, 2 tart flavors. However, they have granola, which is one of my favorite toppings. So, extra star there.
4	I went to the location in Chandler (in the mall). This is basically a self serve yogurt bar. They charge you per ounce. I had the pomegranate and it was really yummy. You also have a huge topping bar to choose from. It's fun.
5	I love Ocean Blue. One of my favorite places to go. The food is reasonably priced and very healthy! I recommend it to anyone! Especially those who have a sweet tooth while possibly trying to find yummy lower calorie foods.
4	Ok, rating a desert place based on health expectations is a but rough. However Blue Ocean is my favorite desert place to go for date night.  Frozen yogurt is healthy. I can't quite call it raw or fresh, so I'm down to 3 stars. But it's better than gym rat food-vitamin based. So back up to 4 stars. Don't get me wrong, if you want a guilt free desert, this is the best place. Unless you plan to have fruit as desert in life (like the Japanese) I'm going to say that this is your next best choice.
4	I've lived in the east valley for several years now, and I have been a pretty frequent visitor of Ocean Blue the entire time.  However, when I first started coming here, it was definitely not my favorite fro-yo stop (it just happened to be in a convenient location- Dana Park Mall)... The consistency of the yogurt was runny and the flavors were never my cup of tea.  BUT, lately, I give Ocean Blue a thumbs up!  I came in here a few weeks back and they had Taro flavor, WHAT!?? Yep, Taro!  They also added mochi to their regular toppings a while back.  Original Tart is still my go-to flavor, and it brings me back to the years when I first began my fro-yo addiction.Great job to Ocean Blue for stepping it up, upgrading to the more popular and unique flavors! They always have something for everyone :)
4	Came here using a groupon now deal $3 for $6 and I was pretty surprised about how great it was. It is just like yogurt world in SoCal where you have 15-20 different self serve frozen yogurts. Then, you add whatever toppings your heart desires! Fruit, mochi, cereals, chocolates etc. Btw, My friend and I split and we got almost exactly under $6! Sweet! Haha. I think there is still the $3 for $6 deal so definitely get that before you go!
4	This was my second time here. They have a decent variety of flavors so you can usually find one you like. I was surprised to see some made with stevia, but they were just too sweet. I ended up getting the cotton candy flavor. It was good.Yes they have sample cups so you can try different flavors before you make your finalChoices I would have given 5 stars for more options of yogurt flavors
4	Good stuff, the best in Gilbert, AZ Excellent dairy free yogurt!
1	All flavors are sub-standard. By far worst in east valley. Instead of being smooth & flavorful they are icy. Even my 7 year old didn't eat hers
1	Some of the worst customer service we've ever had; boring unrelated decor, prices too high, the frozen yogurt was watery, and tasteless. My husband and I stopped in here one evening for dessert, and will never return. Awful first impression. Too bad, because it has a lot of potential, especially where it's located.
4	Sadly, they're out of business everyone.  The new yogurt place around the corner is almost as good.
