4	I came here with my boyfriend and brother after buying a restaurant.com certificate that was 80% off. We got here around 10pm. The restaurant area had no lights on and it seemed to be closed, but we asked them if we could dine in and the waitress said she'd turn on the lights and serve us. I'm guessing they must not have much business in the restaurant area at night, cuz it should've been open.We were the only people there, so of course we received great service. We ordered 2 cokes, 1 coffee, medium white pizza, frisco burger, and the blue cheese bacon burger. The pizza was a little too cheesy. Don't get me wrong, I love cheese, but not when it's in excessive amounts. I couldn't taste the garlic, spinach, or tomatoes at all. Both the frisco and the blue cheese bacon burgers were so-so, nothing special really. The frisco was a little soggy so it ended up falling apart. The french fries was really good though. All in all we had a good experience. All of our food and drinks came up to only $16! I'd give them 3 stars on food, but I'm adding an extra star because they allowed us to film a restaurant scene for my school project.
5	My fiance and I had randomly came into this place because we wanted chicken wings after a hard day at work.  The service was great and attentive....and the wings were good, but we had ordered hot and they just weren't hot enough for our taste buds...but non the less we had a great experience.  We went there soon after because we were craving chicken wings again!! lol and we asked the cook to make the hottest wings he could make....and he certainly delivered.  They were so hot I was perspiring!  I loved it.  Ever since that time my fiance and I go there often and have become more adventurous in our ordering and everything that we have ordered has exceeded our expectations....especially the chicken pot pie with the fresh puff pasty crust baked on the outside of the bowl.  mmmmmm home cooking. The service is fantastic and friendly, especially joey the bartender.  The food is well seasoned and how it should be....If I were you I would go to Putters and gamble 20 bucks, drink a couple cocktails, eat great food and go home happy and ready for bed.  Compliments to our favorite cook, he makes chilango style chicken wings the best!! Thanks Hugo!
4	Been here like 40, 50 times to have a quick lunch and sometimes to play some "Double Double Bonus Poker"! What I think is Better than Average Bar Food:Cheese Burger and Fries: Good sized, nice charbroiled grilled taste and much better than most fast food burgers I can think of. Fries were thick, potatoey and just right.Beef Stroganoff: HUGE Portion, easily feed 2 hungry people! Plain ol' comforting kinda like those T.V. Dinner Stroganoffs but a little better. This was a little on the salty side but doable. Comes with Garlicy slices of bread. Chicken Sliders: $5 for 3 mini chicken, cheese and onion burgers. Comes with lettuce and pickles on the side. Not bad for the price.Chicken Caesar Salad: Fresh lettuce everytime I've had it, Lots of Grilled chicken and dressing is damn good. For a light lunch, I'd go for this and even do it without the chicken.Cool Local Vegas Chain Bar, Servers were always chatty and bubbly. I give it four stars because of the portions for the price!
4	We come here at least once a month for breakfast. Jackie our waitress always makes it a great experience. She's friendly and attentive. Food on a 5 star rating:Club Sandwich 4.5 starsHuge, flavorful. See pic.Philly Cheesesteak 4 starsBun is soft inside and flaky outside. But it's missing something. See pic.Pancakes 3 starMost of the time they're thick and fluffy but sometimes they're flat and dry. Nachos 3.5 starNot bad. Don't be so stingy with the sour cream and guacamole though.This is slightly better than typical bar food. They do offer some variety and daily specials.
4	I have only gone here for the breakfast special.  $2.99 2 eggs, bacon, hash browns & toast. You can't beat that deal.
4	I loved this place.. Steve the Bartender.. really nice guy.. great service and a real locals hangout. I loved it.. The food was great.. had french dip.. was really tasty.. but the girl had a philly sandwich.. yeah.. it rocked.. haven't found one in Vegas that was any good yet.. so Putters was the best I tasted so far.. I am looking forward to working my way thru the menu and trying out the lobster vending machine during Football Season.. Excellent bar food and excellent service.. and price was totally inline..I highly recommend it!
4	My husband and I came here on a restaurants.com certificate where we had to spend $35.00 . That was easy but finishing it all in one sitting was not so easy! We had the Chicken Nachos which would have been enough to make us full because they come in a huge serving! We also ordered the Chicken Fingers , Potato Skins and two pizzas! OMG I had lunch for a week! The Hawaiian Pizza was surprisingly good! I usually don't like to order pizza in a bar because I don't think it would taste very good but this was nice and cheesy! It also had cubes of ham on the pizza and it tasted yummy when you reheat it which was also another plus for me since I had to eat this so many days in a row! The chicken fingers were crispy and it was a pretty big serving just like everything else we ordered. This is better than your average bar food!
4	Putters is a great locals bar. And what makes a great locals bar is the bartenders! Steve-O on graveyard Sat / Sun / Mon is a guy you gotta visit if you live on this side of town and are up at that time of night. The only problem with this place is the kitchen shuts down at 2am and there are too many places close by running their kitchen 24/7. Other than that, the food is great!If you like to play the machines a bit they'll take great care of you and they have a lot of different progressive options on video poker and keno (which I'd never seen before). Stop through, you won't regret that you did!
3	I went too Putters for a friends 40 bday party. They rented the second floor (i assume is for special events only) also comes with nice patio area. It has nice comfortable chairs too, bar tables and stools, and heat warmers going so mingle inside or outside. The food was buffet style tried everything from the three different sliders (beef, pork, and chicken) I liked all three, chicken bites they were ok, the spinach dip really liked, and cold platters had vegetable, cheese and cracker one. Overall say that the food was better then expected for me. I never been too Putters this was the first time and thinking just be normal bar food nothing special. Good. Not sure the regular menu looks like just so you know...The two bartenders were friendly and keep the party going at the bar. The downstairs area is really small from quick glance since upstairs the whole time.
1	joey the bartender made this place. ever since he left ,no good. dining room closed 4 nights a week. what's that tell you about the food?even the typical,frozen,fried bar food was lousy.never again!
3	This place is just all right. We came here for a quick bite and a drink on Sunday. The place was pretty empty. We ordered some wings and a patty melt along with some ice cold beers. Luckily, they have happy hour every day until 7, so they have some good drink specials. Well drinks as well as domestic drafts were $2.50. Pretty good happy hour deals. The service was pretty good and the food was ok as well. You can also purchase restaurant. com coupons for all of the Putter's locations, but I frequent the one on Durango, since they have trivia, so reserve my coupons for that location. Nothing amazing, but it got the job done. I'd come back if I'm in the area.
1	It's great if you want to smell like an ashtray after you leave. Is that even legal to smoke where food if served? Disgusting!
2	The atmosphere is pretty decent and its really close to my house, so it seemed like a good place.  However, the food was awful!  We ordered the spinach cheese dip and it tasted like it was basically sour cream with a touch of cheese and just enough spinach to make it green.  So I asked our server to bring us salsa instead and that was also awful.  It tasted like the cook was smoking and there was a hint of second hand tobacco in it.I got the stromboli which wasn't awful, but didn't cross into the world of "I'll try this again".  Guess we'll just stick to drinking there...twist my arm
5	My favorite little neighborhood bar to hang out.  Great food, Great bartenders, Pool, Video Golf and Video Poker.  The service is fantastic and the bartenders know you by name.  I even hit my first Royal Flush on video poker here!  Cool place on the southwest side of town.
5	Ok so I'm posting this due to the location that I'm in, but I'm on the putters that's located on las Vegas Blvd .  But because the las vegas blvd isn't listed on here I'm just using this location to yelp on this location on las Vegas blvd . But this bartender name SEAN , is GREAT !  NOT only his bartending experience but his attitude is awesome , he's a respectful person , always takes Good care of his customers , always on top of his game , see our beers that are running low he's always refilling us ! Please get back to SEAN and let him know that he's great At his job !! Thank you sean from SESSA!
5	Friendly staff that knows you by name . Always great, fast service, second to none. If you want great prices and good food you need to stop in. Lots of pool tables, dart's, and the works.
3	I've stopped here a few times for a little video poker, drinks, and bar food. The food isn't bad, but go a few hundred yards down to the Hooter's, or a mile in the other direction to Scooter's and you'll get better food and better service. The bartenders seem to think they can talk to one customer for fifteen minutes at a time in one corner, and then do their drink check-ups to the rest of the bar that once every fifteen minutes. I live in this area, and avoid this place for the most part, and have had a few good wins on their machines. It mainly comes down to the service for me, so I take my business elsewhere 99% of the time when in that neighborhood.
4	Was here on Sat/22 Mar about 11 am:- Had the $8.95(?) steak & eggs, for the price it was pretty good.- The bartender also was the waitress, but the place was mostly empty so it wasn't a problem.  She was pretty nice, always refilling my glass of water.- There's wi-fi, no password needed.  Plenty of TVs to watch.
5	Great bar atmosphere and good priced food as well.  Stopped by for some lunch and a few drinks and a little video poker.  I was very satisfied with my food and experience.  The bartender was on top of her game with taking my order and refilling my beverages in a timely manor.Loved this place and will definitely be returning again!
2	This used to be a great place in the days of the legendary Junkyard parties! I would have easily given this place 5 stars for the late night parties alone. I have no idea why they would ever get rid of JR - the best party host in Vegas.These days the Grill is boooooooooring, unless your idea of a good time is sitting at a bar playing video poker.Bring back JR!
5	I love this bar! Great atmosphere, everyone is super friendly, and great bar food!!! A definite must!
5	Janaya, Laurie, Jay and Lemon are amazing. This is the only place that I can consistently come to and always receive amazing service AND food! I love to come here and always have a great time.
1	Janaya. She's the main manager. She added a bunch of drinks to my tab because some guy ordered them and then pointed at me. When I settled up I was blown away to find my bill was easily double what I had ordered. She began - I'm not exaggerating - screaming at me and telling me that I'm not welcome at her bar anymore. I paid the false tab, and even tipped big, but when I tried to ask her if she was serious about throwing me out of the bar, she threatened to call the police.  The really crazy thing is that I bring in nearly a dozen customers weekly - all of whom drink and gamble. It amounts to hundreds of dollars weekly. That doesn't entitle me to any special treatment, but it probably means you shouldn't kick me out for asking why I'm paying somebody else's tab.  Here's the skinny:Happy Hour: A-Pool Tables: C-Food: C+Drink Options: AService: I've been going here for years and until this experience with Janaya I have found the staff to be kind and professional. I'm completely stunned that she behaved so extremely and will be taking my business, and the business of the pool team I am captain of, and the business of the opponents we play, elsewhere.  Conclusion: It's actually a fun bar, but I suggest not giving the bartender you're card to open up a tab, since the manager is happy to treat the bar to drinks on you and will threaten to have you arrested if you protest the charges.
4	My husband and I decided to give this place a try with it's close location to our place. Our waitress was great, very attentive and recommended some dishes off the happy hour menu for us to try. We decided on the Cajun sliders and the Philly cheesesteak sliders. Both were excellent! Will definitely make this place one of our go to neighbor bars.
