4	Tom Colicchio's Heritage Steak is a wonderful new addition to the Mirage hotel.  Located where Kokomo's used to be near the front of the hotel, the dining room seems to be tucked away from the slot machines and tourists meandering about out front.  Inside is a nicely designed 200+ seating area, where steaks are flame broiled in plain view.  The appetizer list makes for a tough decision, with so many great choices to choose from.  The Hamachi with beet and caviar is a wonderful combination of sea and greens, refreshing and flavorful.  The grilled peaches with jamon iberico and pepper arugula salad is a MUST!  Best grilled peaches I have ever tasted.  The octopus was a bit lackluster.  Could not really find the main focus of the dish.  A bit mush and the flavors did not blend well.  The steaks are great.  Prime cuts, beautiful look, and extremely flavorful.  The desert menu makes for a hard choice, but I tried the corn fritters (which I think were more like corn beignets or doughnuts) with blueberries and corn ice cream.  Wish I could have gotten a pint of the corn ice cream to take home.  Overall, this place is great!  The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is because the staff will bring your plate and drop it off and then leave.  No explanation of the food (so keep a menu nearby during the meal!).  Other than that, this a must go-to for any foodie and should become a regular spot for any local fan of good food!
5	Great food and service. By far one of the top steakhouses on the strip after just one week!Must try the bone marrow or octopus as the first course. All the steaks are perfectly cooked but if you are a seafood fan, the branzino is excellent. Panna cotta for dessert!
5	Great service and great food/drink.  Place is clean and trendy but do not have the pretentious feel that you can sometimes find around restaurants. Sometimes I would encounter rude staff here and there but this place have a great staff.  All very friendly and personable.We first grabbed a drink at the bar area.  I got what was something similar to the Moscow mule. I'm a fan of ginger beer and this one was good.  The Dark IPA was nice too. I would recommend it to people that are more of an IPA fan.For dinner we shared various appetizers and entrees. Appetizers: Ash-Roasted Bone Marrow, Grilled Octopus and the Smoked Pork Terrine.The bone marrow was to die for. You would sometimes assume that just putting lobster on top of something does not make it delicious but in this case it was a beautiful way to add on texture to the marrow. When you are done you would want to order more.Grilled Octopus: Nice, tender and juicy. The sauces that came with it was paired nicely.  I would definitely order this again.Pork terrine.  This one is served cold.  The flavor is nice by itself and i like it with the pepper jelly. Out of all 3 of the appetizers we ordered I will have to say this is the one is my least favorite but it is still very good.Dinner:  Duck breast, Braised Short Ribs, Wagyu Ribeye and Oven Roasted Tomatoes.I can't even pick a favorite because they were all great and there's nothing that I can nitpick about it.  The steak was cooked perfectly to my friend's preference.  The duck breasts were nice and juicy and the short ribs just melts in your mouth.  The tomatoes were fantastic too.Dessert:  Panna cotta and sorbet Panna cotta: Beautiful.  Rich and creamy yet not heavy at all.  Sorbet: IMO you can never go wrong with ending a night with a scoop of sorbet to clean your pallet.  You can really flavor of the fruit and smooth texture.I can't wait to go back to try the rest of the menu.
3	Great food but atmosphere not great.  Banquet seating at every table.  Servers constantly reaching over you.  Very loud.
4	Went here for a friend's b-day was very impressed with the meal.I had the NY Strip Steak ($45) which was 3 big slices of steak (cooked to a perfect medium rare), a wilted greens side, and also some New Potatoes (they were boiled, then fried, then smashed and brushed with butter and were FREAKING AMAZING). The table shared the Spicy Onion Rings (good but not $12 Good), Creamless Cream Corn (not sure how it's made, but it was really damn good), and both Steak and Duck Skewers (the duck was my favorite but both were good and decent sized).The prices are on point with most steak houses, and the entrees actually come with sides not just a la cart like most places.There was a ton of staff, our water glasses were constantly filled and questions were answered immediately.My only complaint and what is preventing them from 5 stars was their bread basket. It was 4 very hard, very dry basic dinner rolls, which was kind of a let down, but then again if the bread basket is the only complaint I have with a steak house, the place isn't all that bad!
5	Make sure you book this restaurant right away!!!  Our Server Troy was friendly and helpful.  My Husband and I ordered the porterhouse for two which was cooked perfectly and had a delicious light sauce (on the bottom of the plate), we had the creamless creamed corn and mushrooms.  But not just plain old mushrooms, exotic and delicious mushrooms which included hen of the woods.  This was probably right up there in the 5 bets meals we have ever had..period!!!  Our Server Troy suggested that I start off with a French Martini, it was made with vodka, chambord, pineapple juice and splash of champagne floating on top.  It was the most delicious drink I have ever had.  We loved the open kitchen, it was clean and the smells coming from it were fantastic.  We will definitely go back, this is not your run of the mill steak house.
5	Fire. Good. You would never know this place is just getting its feet under it; the service and food were on par with Craft. Clearly chef Colicchio has this "opening restaurants" thing down. Started with the roasted peach appetizer, featuring iberico ham and fresh arugula. The peaches and ham were terrific, but surprisingly the arugula was the star of the show. Super fresh, and it had that great peppery burst. Perfect size to share and still have room for dinner. Our entrees were the grilled ribeye and the braised short ribs. Both were amazing, with the ribeye being the big winner. A nice, thick piece of steak, cooked and seasoned perfectly, the onion relish adding flavor without distracting from the steak. I would never think to have roasted onions as the side dish, but they were delicious on their own. Who knew?The short ribs were fall apart tender, they don't give you a steak knife and you don't need one. Again, beautifully prepared and presented, the tomatoes and potatoes were great compliments. We paired our steaks with an Old Rasputin stout, I recommend you do the same.Ricotta fritters and white chocolate semifreddo for dessert, both were appropriately sized, not overly sweet, and we enjoyed sharing. Worth noting that the coffee they serve is terrific, too. The service was fantastic, they knew the menu inside and out, were attentive and fun to talk to without being overbearing, and we never felt rushed. One tiny complaint is that they really jammed a lot of tables in the space (which is beautiful) and when it fills up it's a bit asses to elbows. Overall the prices were reasonable for this quality of food & service, so perhaps that's the tradeoff. Highly recommended.
5	Oh My Goodness... this place was AMAZING!  (be forewarned, I will probably overuse words like fantastic, amazing, etc. but it is not an understatement.) The service was fantastic and the food was incredible. Our waiter was incredibly attentive and deserves kudos! We ate dinner there to celebrate our dual birthdays. We ordered two appetizers- the grilled octopus and the grilled gulf shrimp. The octopus was fantastic. (I'm not a big octopus fan, but this was delish!)  The grilled shrimp was just ok in my book, but my date loved them. We each ordered a glass of the Rose which was crisp & light.  For our main entrees, I had the NY Strip & my date had the bone in porterhouse (32oz). My NY Strip was 3 big slices of steak (cooked to a perfect medium well), with wilted greens side, and potatoes (they were boiled, fried, & smashed and brushed with butter). Major yum!  My date loved his porterhouse that came with pee-wee potatoes.  We also ordered two sides- roasted mushrooms & puree potatoes. OMG, I LOVED the mushrooms & mixing them with the puree was to-die-for. The mushrooms was a mix of multiple types of shrooms (i think 3 types). My date is a big fine-diner and said the my NY Strip was the best he had ever had (and he has had quite a few). :)  Major compliment to the chefs! The restaurant was super sweet and brought us each out a wonderful dessert with a birthday candle.  Not sure what the dessert was, it was kind of like a little bundt bread cake with warm flavors and a dollop of cream on the side. (again YUM!) I had a cappuccino to finish off my meal and my date had an espresso.  The cappuccino was one of the best I've had in quite a long while and was similar to what I've found in Italy. I can't say enough wonderful things about this restaurant. Thank you for a fabulous dining experience and for making our birthdays special!
2	Kokimo's was way better. There were about six hostesses and 10 waiters plus 10 more bussers. Waiters seemed way too freaked out to spend time at the table. The did not seem confident. Almost like they would get in trouble if they talked too much to the table.  Atmosphere looks like a lower dollar BBQ joint. Need more options besides a regular steak I can get back home for less than half the price.
5	We went to the new Tom Colicchio's Heritage Steak in The Mirage and had an amazing meal. The service was impeccable--some of the best I've ever had. Our appetizers, bone marrow with lobster and corn and the pork/foie gras terrine was spectacular. Our heritage steaks and sides (particularly the creamless cream corn) were fantastic. Amazing cocktails and an excellent wine list. Our dessert of peach gillette with peach ice cream was heavenly.Our biggest complaint? The acoustics.  The restaurant is in the "jungle" dome in the entry of The Mirage and the noise, sound intrusion, echoey background music really ruined an atmosphere that was practically perfect.
5	RUN.  Don't walk.  Don't waste your time with other restaurants.  This is the experience you want when you visit Las Vegas.  I had an incredible time at Heritage this past weekend; you'd never know that it just opened a week ago.  The food at Heritage Steak was impeccable.  We ordered the onion soup and octopus to start--loved the octopus and the accompanying sauce and had ordered it per our servers recommendation, and it was excellent, and the soup had a really great smoke to it, and the presenation was clever--they brought you the dish and meat in which the soup was eventually poured.  We also tasted the squab skewers (very delicate taste), the hamachi, and the ham with peaches.  The presentation of the hamachi was really impressive.  I never take pictures of food, and get annoyed when people do, but for the first time, I felt moved to take a picture because the presentation of the hamachi was really beautiful.  Its taste lived up to its presentation.  The Iberico ham was incredible, so tasty.  For our main courses, we ordrered the short ribs and and the porterhouse.  The short ribs in combination with the heirloom tomatoes really takes Colicchio's traditional recipe that he's well known for to a new level.  To me, that was the stand out dish of the night--it's combination was unusual and perfect.  We had the sweet corn as our side and it was really bursting with sweetness. For dessert, we had peach galette with ice cream, the sweet corn fritters, a spice Bundt cake, and the panna cotta.  I loved the panna cotta.  Not too sweet and light and filled with taste.  The sweet corn fritters reminds you how sweet corn is.  The galette was warm and smoky from being cooked in the wood fire.  The sommelier had us covered, from champagne to cocktails back to champagne.  The general manager was ever present, warm and welcoming to all of his guests.  Service was excellent, everyone was so friendly, helpful, courteous, positive, and knowledgeable. Never once did our water go past 14 cup empty, never did our empty plate linger on the table.  Everyone had a great smile. Highly, highly recommended.
4	We had a great experience at Heritage Steak and will be back the next time we're in Vegas.  My husband and I started with the smoked pork terrine and the grilled octopus.  We didn't love the terrine, as it was very "crumbly" and hard to spread--not what we were expecting. The grilled octopus was very good and well-prepared. For the main course, we split the filet, since it was 10 oz (we are used to each having a 6 oz portion). We also ordered a side of the spicy onion rings.  The steak was very well prepared and the onion rings were absolutely delicious--I couldn't stop eating them.I subtracted one star for the terrine and for some service hiccups (which are somewhat understandable given that the restaurant opened less than a month ago).  I ordered a club soda and lime (my go-to drink because I don't drink alcohol).  I got the club soda pretty quickly, but I had to flag down our server to ask for the lime, and I still did't get it until after the appetizers were served. I had nearly finished my club soda by then (and club soda doesn't taste that great without a lime). When a restaurant charges by the glass (club soda, like diet coke, comes in separate bottles and you're charged for each one), making the exact drink that the customer wants is especially important.
3	we are die hard craft steak fans. every trip to vegas is not complete without us going to that restaurant. we were told colicchio's new restaurant, heritage steak, had just opened at the Mirage about a week ago. I really put a lot of time into deciding to go with the old reliable craft steak or trying the new restaurant. Should have gone to craft. first impression: The place is not as big or up scale as craft. They had plenty of staff but the service was not fluent, ok its a new restaurant and they are working out the kinks. Ordered drinks, took a while, ok we werent there to get drunk so no biggie. ordered the lamb ribs, hamachi, and the ash bone marrow. the hamachi and the ribs were phenomenal, the bone marrow (to my disappointment) was undercooked and didnt come with any toast so eating it was a bit weird. Ordered the tabasco peppered kobe skirt and my wife had the spice roasted lobster. The steak was ok at best, definitely not the same kobe skirt that they have at craft. The lobster was overcooked in my opinion and a bit tough to chew. For desert, we had mascarpone panna cotta which was very nice and tasty. oh yeah, and they were so nice to bring us a small bunt cake looking thing since I had notated in my reservation that we are celebrating our wedding anniversary. I am sorry, but if spending $300 per couple for dinner doesnt constitute a decent desert, then dont bother bringing me a dry little cake with a candle on it. overall, did not measure to the expectations, thought the menu wasnt impressive, lacked raw seafood and not a huge selection of steaks to choose from, etc. There are too many better steak houses in vegas for me to try heritage again, sorry Tom.
5	The best dining experience in Vegas!!! Everything from our waiter ..to our seats ..to our food was superb!  Everyone was so friendly.  We had such a great time..we became friends with the diners on each side of us and ended up sharing our desserts!!!  All three desserts were wonderful.Steaks were out of this world!  Best cream less corn ever...and its not my favorite vegetable.  Service was outstanding!Oh..I loved the Pino Noir by the glass also!  Will go back again for sure!!!!!
5	Its a nice place and the ambiance is nice and cozy.  I love how they have the wood stacked up as part of the decor.  It was late I didn't want to have a heavy dinner, so i ordered the duck from the appetizer section.  I've eaten duck at other places and I can taste the duck flavor.  I couldn't even taste the duck flavor, they served it on top of cooked grape leafs which i ate too since i really enjoyed the flavors.  I couldn't really tell what spices they used but if you don't like your food with so many different spices this place isn't for you.I also had a taste of my friends plate, I don't know what it was called but it was also from the appetizer section, but it was raw meat, they served it with garlic bread that looked like long thin croutons. very delicious.
1	Ice cold, bring a sweater, or better yet, go someplace better. Uncomfortable. Weak service. Poor quality food and prep. Very expensive. Gordon Ramsey's Steak at Paris is better and cheaper. It's new so I'll give them another shot next year if they last that long. UPDATE:  I threw up my $100 dinner the next morning. I don't drink. I'm pretty sure it was the lobster which was AWFUL. Thanks for ruining my trip Tom. AVOID
5	My favorite new restaurant in Las Vegas.  The pork belly and octopus to start. Amazing! Get the bone in ribeye and the duck as mains. The steak is better than you imagine and the duck is such a pleasant experience with really great flavors including duck chorizo. I mean, wow. We finished with dessert and coffee. Mascarpone panna cotta and corn fritters were so good. We will return as soon as possible. Service was attentive and friendly.
5	I'm never gonna look backWoah, never gonna give it upNo, please don't wake me now This is gonna be the best day of my life at...HERITAGE! - American Authors (best day of my life)Before I blog about my milestone 300th yelp review, I'll write an actual food review first so people don't have to scroll down (especially on their phones). Keep in mind I've been eagerly waiting a long time for Heritage to open, so we ordered more than we normally would.Appetizers: (btw they came out incredibly fast, very impressive)1. Spicy braised pork belly: BEST PORK BELLY I'VE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE! You can literally cut through the pork belly with a butter knife, it was so soft. Combined with fried oysters and a nice simple salad, it was a match made in heaven. Honestly, I wanted to order another one right on the spot because it was so good, but I knew that I ordered too much food as it was already!!2. Wood roasted peaches: sweet + savory combo with the ham and green onions = nice balance of flavors3. Beef tartare: I had my first beef tartare at his other restaurant and although I liked the other one more, this one wasn't bad (could've been more visually appealing) - eat it with bread and I give it a thumbs upMain course:1. Heritage natural prime filet: you definitely taste the difference in the heritage steaks, aged and scrumptious. I would say it was cooked slightly unevenly, with some parts being much more rare than others but it could be because of their open flame grills that they use to cook the steaks2. Grilled ribeye with wood roasted onions: oh man no complaints here, cooked perfectly and those onions, makes me wanna cry (since they were so good LOL zing!)Sides:1. potato puree2. creamless creamed sweet corn: haha I love corn Dessert:1. white chocolate semifreddo: I love white chocolate as well yay 2. peach sorbet: a great palate cleanserChef Colicchio has said this on multiple occasions throughout the seasons of Top Chef reminding the contestants that while it's important to serve good food, people come back to restaurants based on the service. He clearly adapted this philosophy at Heritage because service here was impeccable. They had so many staff on hand that it literally seemed like everyone had their own personal server (and the place was around 80% capacity as well). Seeing as how this is Vegas, I can safely say that you can 'bet' I will be back on my next visit :)-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------to my dear yelp friends that follow my reviews (or personal blogs as i call them):My 300th yelp review coincides with my favorite celebrity chef at his newest restaurant in Vegas...couldn't have been more appropriate! I came in June and they were under construction, aiming for a late July open. I came back in late July and it still wasn't open, with a new target date of August. Two weeks later, I couldn't believe it but it still wasn't ready, although they dropped the construction wall and you could see it was almost ready to debut. Fast forward to now, and the dream became a reality...FINALLY! There's so many well-known chefs in Las Vegas, with some having multiple restaurants at different hotels. But Chef Colicchio was the one that made me immerse myself in the culinary world. Top Chef was the reason I started yelping and thus, the reason I love trying different cuisines and restaurants everywhere. Craft (his other restaurant at MGM) was my first fine dining experience in Vegas. I went there ages ago with my older brother and I remember he joked to me saying "well you already lose a lot playing blackjack, might as well get some good food out of it" LOL! I laughed really hard but I knew he was right...and the rest is history. Cheers!
3	Since this is a new addition to the Mirage, we had a hard time finding the place.  There were no signs pointing to its direction and a few bartenders on the casino floor had no idea what place we were talking about.  Thankfully an authoritative-looking man was able to point us in the right direction.  The place is a modern, clean, crisp upscale looking bbq joint with an open kitchen with cooks wearing trucker hats.  I ordered the grilled peach salad with arugula and Serrano ham for a starter.  It came out with 2 grilled peach wedges, hardly enough to call it a peach salad.  However, the serving of Serrano ham was impressive.  For dinner I ordered the $58 rib eye.  At first bite, I was in heaven.  Towards the middle of my steak, my jaw became tired from chewing.  My meat had too many tendons and fat on it and I even had to spit out a huge bite since it wasn't chewable.  Side dishes were delicious green beans and firm and flavorless eggplant.  The dessert was good but forgettable.  This place seems to have an overabundance of servers.  I believe we had about 6 different gentlemen waiters at our table at some point.  The servers were a bit too eager and just too much for an intimate meal.
5	Everything about our experience was top notch! The hostess was extremely accommodating, the bartender made delicious cocktails (ginger beer and thyme! Yum!), the waitstaff was very friendly. Oh, right, the food! Short ribs. Perfect portion size, great flavor. Bone in rib eye. Perfection! Beautiful selections of wine. Wish this restaurant was closer to home!
5	Best filet I've ever tasted.For appy's, we had the wood-roasted peaches, grilled octopus, grilled shrimp & spicy braised pork belly.  All were very unique (ie heads on the shrimp) and good (solid B+), but the octopus & the pork belly (not spicy at all so don't be afraid to order) stole the show (A+ for both) for this course.The sommelier was just a tad bit disappointing.   She was given some parameters (max price, red, no particular region, drinkable) and took more time than I would expected to offer her recommendations.  She only gave one recommendation and it was $5 under our max price.   She clearly had the description of the wine down to a T, but when questioned about grape blend, she faltered so it seemed as if she didn't truly "know" her wines.  Her selection was not getting great reviews from the table so for the next bottle, the closet wine snob in our group chose.   It was unanimous that the 2nd bottle was much better.  She was about C+....so slightly better than average & really I expected better.For entrees we had short-rib, lamb and filet.   The short-rib was buttery smooth and very rich and my husband said the tomatoes were the best tomatoes he's ever tasted (A+).  I did not taste the lamb, but the person who ordered it said it was amazing, so I'm going to assume an A+ here as well and the filet (5 people at our table ordered this) was knock-my-socks off good so obviously an A+.  I am not usually a fan of filet but whenever I get a hankering for a faboo hunk of beef, we'll head to Heritage!Some of our entrees came with a small side on the plate already (filet had baby roast potatoes & the short rib had tomatoes & some baby roast potatoes).  Additional sides were hand-cut fries (solid C...nothing special), brussel sprouts (WOW! A+), roasted mushrooms (assorted types...A) and potato puree (B-nothing special here either so save your carbs).  Deserts - I was not wow'd.  We had pineapple upside down cake, the molten chocolate cake, bacon fritters and peach sorbet.  The molten chocolate cake was the best & the bacon fritters were the biggest disappointment of the entire meal.  A note about the menu...it changes so some of the items may/may not be on there depending on when you go.A note about the service....our waiter was fabulous.   Some of the other staff not so much (re-read note above about sommelier!) ...my biggest disappointment was the young lady who cleared away & brought plates.  She kept reaching over people instead of reaching between & across the table.  That's a basic any waiter/waitress wannabe should know.  The food was so good though I didn't let it affect my rating.  Plus they've only been open 5 weeks.  I'm sure they'll figure it out.
2	Disappointing on several levels.  First, the good news.  Service was incredible as was the ginger beer thyme infused cocktail.  Order it at the bar and don't venture any further.  Now onto the bad news.  Octopus appetizer that everyone raves about?  Over spiced and served with a tentacle so huge it looked like a prop from a Richard Basehart submarine movie.  Back off on the salt boys.  It was pickled in it.  Bone in ribeye was tasty but greasy as were the short ribs.Brussels Sprouts reminded me of the crusty remnants of some experimental casserole.  Like what's at the bottom.  Why screw with one of nature's most beautiful foods?  The whipped potatoes were definitely whipped - into a veritable soup that looked more like baby food than a proper side dish.If you feel like a steak I'd recommend Stack.  Only a few steps further into the casino with a better menu and ambience.  Did I mention that the music was not dining appropriate and annoying?I just did.
4	I know, I know, this is a brand new steakhouse in Vegas and I probably committed every faux pas in the book by ordering the fish. But I did it. And I don't regret it for a minute.FOOD:---------As our group asked for my opinion on appetizers, I knew I had to select the **Smoked Pork Terrine** because it offered the sublime foie gras, of which I have been deprived for ages, being a Californian and all. Combined with delicious pickled figs and pepper jelly atop a piece of bread, this appetizer was everything I wanted and more.I was a little worried that choosing the **Roasted Market Fish** would be a total mistake, but it was delicious! It turned out to be Sea Bass with a tomato paste and zucchini relish. The bass was prepared perfectly, being sufficiently firm while also smoothly melting in the mouth. This would rival any bass from an acclaimed seafood restaurant. I sampled a piece of Anna's **Porterhouse** and it was divine. I would definitely order it on my next visit.For side dishes we got the roasted mushrooms, asparagus, creamless sweet creamed corn. We all thought the asparagus could have used some more flavoring or some sort of creative twist, but the corn was a huge hit with its buttery smoothness.SERVICE / AMBIANCE:-------------------------------Absolutely outstanding. Every member of the staff we encountered was on point, very warm and helpful, and extremely professional. Our server had an entertaining sense of humor. Even the busser impressed us with his refined gestures.The decor is mod and clean with beautiful wood accents everywhere. The open kitchen in the back is a nice touch.Of course you get what you pay for, so be ready to lay down some cash. For four people (3 steaks, 1 fish, 3 sides, 4 drinks), we each fronted about $100.DATE TIP: With swankified dining at its best,How could your date not be impressed?
5	Dined with my wife 9/29/2013. Started with the Lamb Ribs which were fantastic. Decent sized portion, full flavor (vadouvan and pickles paired great), well cooked and presented perfectly. For our main course I had the Duck Breast stuffed with Duck Chorizo on collard greens with smoked peaches and my wife had a Filet.The Duck was a home run, cooked to perfection with the skin on giving a great contrast in texture. The chorizo gave the dish just enough spice, while the greens offered an earthy taste and the peaches gave it a smokey savory finish.  I took a risk not ordering a prime cut of steak, and in the end I was more than happy with the duck. My wife ordered the 10oz filet. It was seasoned very well and cooked to perfection. It was served with grilled potatoes. Service was top notch, ambiance was great considering the place is in the atrium at the center of The Mirage. They've done a fantastic job with the acoustics, you don't hear a peep from the casino floor outside. Will defiantly be back. Well done Mr. Colicchio!
5	My new favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  For past seven years I have been coming to Vegas w/ a group of buddies that always includes a nice steak dinner.  The last few years we decided to mix it up, hitting N9NE, Cut, Prime and Vic & Anthony's.  Next year, we already decided we will be back to Heritage Steak after one of the best meals and dining experiences we could remember.  I was a little hesitant walking in as front bar is part of the casino floor, but a walkway opens into the rustic restaurant w/ sweet smells are charcoal and wood burning ovens (and even fire wood decorating the walls).  The grilled octopus, hamachi, pork belly and bone marrow were favorite starters.  The Bone-In Ribeye and Tabasco-Pepper Kobe Shirt were favorite steaks.  Many restaurants struggle w/ when I order my steak pittsburgh rare, but Heritage grilled my steak to perfection.
3	I'm a huge fan of Tom's other venues, and in Vegas I believe craftsteak is the best steak to date. I was very excited to learn about his new offering, and waited for my next trip to make that a reality. I came with a large group and opted to try the onion soup, a fillet, and some sides. While none of the food was horrible, none of it was excellent. The steak was decent, but slightly overcooked, the meat quality was just OK, it wasn't as good as craftsteak.Great waiters, good wine selection. The port selection was decent, but not as good as other locations. The Mirage is a bit beat up, and thankfully you didn't have to venture too deep considering it's right at the front door.I will stick to craftsteak, but this is a decent choice.
5	If in Vegas, Heritage is a MUST!  A group of us were there last month.  Everything ordered was cooked to perfection and tasted excellent.  We got the mushrooms, onion rings and brussel sprouts.  I was using my butter knife to cut my Porterhouse.  The prices are up there, but it's VEGAS!  I lost credit card roulette and wasn't too happy about it, but just thinking of how AWESOME the food and drinks were, makes it all better.  We were all in boardshorts, so I wouldn't say you have to dress up.  HAHA!
4	I would have loved giving this place five stars, but their prices and the markup on their wine list were negatives to me.  I know this is Vegas and it's on the Strip, but $78 for a bottle of wine I can buy at the grocery store for $15 is a little ridiculous.That being said, I have to compliment Colicchio for focusing on natural ingredients and the idea of cooking with wood, the way meat should be prepared!  The server, Larry, was excellent. He explained the concepts of the restaurant very well and let us know that the menu is printed every day, so  the specials are included and not called out. I started with the grilled baby artichoke, and my husband had the garden salad. The artichokes were amazing. They were accompanied by sliced pears, cashews, and a tart dressing that pulled it all together.  For our main course, hubby had the duck, but requested they not add the chorizo.  They accommodated his request and he very much enjoyed the grilled peaches, chili & mint flavors.  I chose the short ribs, which Larry told me had been cooked for over 12 hours.  This was a simply prepared Fall meal with a large chunk of beef accented by roasted heirloom tomatoes and pickled chilis alongside "pee wee" potatoes.  I have to say this was probably the best short rib meal I have ever enjoyed. One more thing to note here......I complained to Larry about the prices of the wines, and he suggested I speak to the sommelier for advice on ordering a good value wine that would suit our taste.  Imagine my surprise when a young woman approached and introduced herself as Kate, the resident Sommelier.  After telling her how disappointed I was that I had to pay so much for a grocery store bottle of Zinfandel, she suggested we try a Syrah from Argentina.  Wow! She nailed it!!!  We very much enjoyed the wine she suggested with both of our meals.All in all this was a great experience.  The atmosphere, the service, and the menu were all top notch.  Despite the high prices, I'd definitely go back!
1	Went to the Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak but they closed for public due to reception. Walked all the way to The Mirage to try the other restaurant of his, which is the Tom Colicchio's Heritage Steak. In yelp it says it closes at 10:30pm. We called the mirage and she confirmed it closes at 10:30pm. When we got there at 10pm, they said they're closed. Very disappointed.  If the dining area closes at 10:00, they should convey this on their website and when customers call.
5	Tom, Tom, Tom- I'm the biggest fan of craft in LA and I was tempted to go to craftsteak but I thought if try this new addition to the family.  I love the ambiance of the restaurant and the decor with all the wood.  How fitting for the theme of it all with the natural ingredients and way of cooking.  The service was superb as to be expected.  We started with the beef tartare and I was pleasantly surprised at how delicious it was and the nice pairing with mushrooms and veggies.  It only comes with two pieces of bread which if didn't think was enough to distribute evenly while allowing you to savor the actual appetizer.  You could always use the complimentary bread but it's just never the same.  I had the Kobe beef and WOW, I'm speechless... Cutting it was like slicing butter and the beef just burst with tenderness and juicy goodness.  I had one of the specialty cocktails with strawberry and it ended up being very disappointing.  The waiter noticed I barely drank it and went ahead and took it off the bill which was super sweet!  Overall, awesome, not as good as craft but still holds it own!
3	Service was impeccable. All who helped - from the hostess to the servers to the busers to the sommelier - were pleasant and polite, some downright even fun! Had the butter lettuce salad and the buffalo carpaccio to start. Loved the fried onions and avocado on the salad. The buffalo was great, but berries on top overpowered it. Dinner... eh so so. The halibut was good but the filet was dry dry dry. I even overheard our table neighbors complaining of the same thing.  If you're a steakhouse, you better be doing your steak perfectly. And it's not like we ordered it well!  Tom Tom Tom... I expect better steak from you! Next time, I'll just return to Stack.
4	Amazing Restaruant ! Loved the food and service is great, def a new spot you want to check out in vegas and the mirage. Ask for lancer
4	Tom Colicchio's new restaurant, Heritage Steak, focuses on preparing their meats in woodfired ovens.FOOD:*Beef Tartare ($19) - Though not prepared the traditional way, the dish was deliciously different.  The beef tartare was tender and creamy and topped with bok choy kimchi and pickled beech mushrooms.  Though it had bok choy kimchi, the dish wasn't spicy, not even the slightest kick.  My only complaint that it was served with only two pieces of toasted bread. *Kobe Skirt ($45) - Delicious!  The 10 oz steak was cooked to a perfect medium rare.  I could definitely taste the wooden charcoal taste.  Do note that the steaks are served with a side of potatoes.  If we knew, we wouldn't have ordered a side of fries.SERVICE:Great.  Our waiter was well knowledgeable on the menu and went into detail explaining everything.WHAT TO KNOW:*Located inside the Mirage Hotel & Casino*Wasn't crowded on a Wednesday night, but you may want to make reservations just in case. Can be done via opentable.com*Full bar with tv's at the entrance of the restaurant *Dark, romantic ambiance. Perfect for a date night*Casual attire
2	We are Las Vegas locals and have tried nearly every steak house in the valley.  We were excited to try Heritage Steak due its convenient location as we were seeing a show that night at the Mirage.  We were greeted cordially by three female greeters that were dressed professionally and were promptly seated.  The section we were in was moderately busy but not bustling.  The visual ambience was very nice architecturally and was warm and inviting.  The background music was too loud and it was difficult to have a conversation over it.  The cooks/chefs were wearing baseball caps, which really detracted from the elegance of the restaurant.  Once we were seated, we were given the choice of bottle water or house water.  The water was served promptly.  Unfortunately we were not greeted by our waiter for over 15 minutes so we decided to go sit at the bar.  As we were getting up, our waiter swooped in and laid on numerous excuses as to why we were not greeted by him shortly after we were seated.  He assured us that we would have a fine dining experience and there was no reason for us to go sit at the bar.  We acquiesced and elected to allow him to serve us.  We ordered the surf and turf with a medium rare filet and onions rings.  The king crab was well prepared and the onion rings were very flavorful.  Our steak was overcooked to medium well and charred externally.  We informed the waiter that the steak was overcook and again he patronized us with excuses for the chefs.  He brought us a new steak that was prepared rare instead of medium rare but edible.  The seasonings on the steak were very well blended and flavorful and the texture and cut of the steak was average for a prime filet.  The waiter was quite transparent with his banter with us and it was somewhat awkward.  The manager never came and apologized for poorly cooked steak.  Overall, it is highly unlikely that we will be dining at this establishment again.
4	We were staying at the Mirage and had a show to catch.  Tom Colicchio's Heritage Steak, how can you not give it a try.  I've eaten at Craft at the MGM Grand a few years ago and that was a great experience.  First of  all the place is super classy in a steak house kind of way, it s a little noisy but its in the middle of the Mirage.  The service was top notched, our waiter was super helpful and chatty but in a good way.  My wife had the wagyu, super tender and delicious and very expensive, that cow must have lived large to have commanded a 160 dollar price, so I told my wife to chew slowly.  I had the duck breast, int was in some kind of sauce.  The sides were great except the french fires were cut a little too large (McDonald's you still rule, keep working on the fires Colicchio). One of our friend drowned her steak with truffles, some crazy price like 10 dollars a slice and 1 dollar just to look.  Good eats at Heritage, a little pricey and would have gotten 5 stars if the fries were better.
4	I was a little scared walking in because I thought I was going to be sitting somewhere where I had to watch people gamble and smoke cigarettes (and be subjected to their carcinogens) ... no, that's only in the bar at Heritage Steak.  The restaurant is tucked back in a corner and has quite nice ambience with the modern darkish (not old english library or smoking lounge) wood and the blazing fires.The deal here is that the meat is cooked "heritage" style ... meaning not seared or broied but over a roaring flame.  The baby lettuce salad with avocado, cherry tomatoes and fried shallots with balsamic buttermilk dressing was out of this world -- it's the shallots that did it for me.  Although, there could have been a few more tomatoes for my liking.My husband loved his filet. He didn't care for the bernaise sauce -- he found it too lemony -- I thought it was great (many bernaise sauces are too tarragony for me).  It was cooked to a perfect medium and lots of flavor.  He still prefers the filets at Daniel's in Seattle ... finds the quality of the meat and the seasoning superior.I had the 18 ounce bone-in rib eye cooked medium-rare.  Perfectly cooked.  Well seasoned.  Nice marbling.  Way too much food ... could have fed 3 with my steak alone.Spicy onion rings are thick cut with a medium texture batter, not greasy, and topped with a red pepper spice blend powder.  I prefer thinner cut onion rings, but these were pretty good.  They are served with no sauce owing to the pepper powder.  They don't really need a sauce.Nice experience.
5	Wow. I've eaten at most of the celebrity steakhouses in Vegas and this, by far, has been my favorite. There is an obvious love and appreciation for the ingredients. Our table of four shared five appetizers that were all amazing. I especially enjoyed the octopus and the quail skewer. For dinner our table either had the filet or the ribeye. My filet was perfectly cooked over a real charcoal fire and was so tender I could have cut it with a fork. The seasoning was enough to give it some extra flavor but not cover the meat. The ribeye received the same reviews. The brussell sprouts had good flavor and I even had seconds! The service was professional, helpful, and very knowledgeable. I guarantee that I will be back. Colicchio and crew have figured it out, I just hope that everyone else recognizes it too.
3	We were super excited to get a table here as it's very popular. Service was good. However, I ordered the scallop skewers and the grilled octopus as appetizers. Both were in incredibly charred all the way through, not just the outside. The taste was horrible. Inedible!  Such a shame.
5	Heritage Steak was perfect.  The service staff members were really excellent.  The steaks were amazing.  I had the Heritage filet, which was lightly seasoned and wood-fired.  The astounding beef quality really shines through with this simple preparation.  The carrots were roasted with a honey glaze - and a variety of colors.  I cannot wait to recreate this gem of a recipe at home.  The desserts were excellent.  Whilst the chai semifreddo was very small, I didn't manage to finish it, even though it was decadent and delicious.  The wine list was extensive, as was the tea menu for dessert.  The husband loved his ribeye with roasted onions, and the apple tart.  I was very glad to find the same impeccable level of service as Craft and Craftsteak in a new setting.  The linear architecture is both elegant and slightly more casual.  I was perfectly sated without the temptation of Craftsteak's tasting menu.
5	They had a great turkey prix fixe on Thanksgiving. The food was fantastic. Nice wine pairings, healthy pour (especially on the port). As others have stated, the service was impeccable.  I didn't realize TC's reputation until after our visit; will definitely come back here (or to Craft) for a steak next time I'm able.
1	Stunned....Stack blows this place out of the water. Me and the lady had the filet and  the Kobe skirt. Both were very undesirable and borderline required a complaint to a manager. I really can't believe the dryness of the filet. Literally unbelievable. If you want good filet at the mirage stick to Stack. Their desserts are much better too. Stay away from the chocolate mocha...
3	OK - I've been here twice, on a Tuesday and on a Friday.  The food is not consistent and the weekend kitchen is definitely better than the week day kitchen.  The weekend food is quite good.  The staff seems young and inexperienced.  The bus boys make you feel more welcome than the waiter.  My gin martini was served warm (truly) and I had to send it back to be reshaken. Nice wine menu with good prices.  The restaurant looks great.  So, for a non-foodie, who will be more impressed by the scene than the food, this is probably a good place..
3	My thoughts about Tom Colicchio's Heritage Steak are about how good the appetizer was and how ordinary the rest of the meal was.I wanted to try one of the heritage steaks but when I didn't want the bone in 18 ounce ribeye--just too much food--and my server suggested I go with the regular ribeye, a smaller cut.  For a starter I ordered the charred octopus that's so highly recommended by the reviews.  For dessert, I had to try the S'mores Fritters.I was brought a bottle of still water in a Heritage Steak labeled bottle.  There was no charge for bottled water as I feared.  I also ordered an iced tea.  Both drinks were a bit slow in being brought but it was OK_I was in no hurry.  A runner also brought me a bread basked of two rolls and a small plate with a round of butter with cracked salt on half of the round.The appetizer was superb!  The appetizer size was just right and the octopus was perfectly cooked.  It had a nice zing to it from the red peppers that were on top.  It was a grand way to start the meal.My steak came next and I was taken aback by the way it looked.  Here was a nice piece of beef that had a glop of something on it.  As it turned out, it onion-balsamic relish and roasted onions, but it looked so odd.  I wondered who came up with this plating idea.  I had asked for the steak to be cooked blue.  The server asked if I wanted it charred on each side blue or just blue and not charred.  I wanted just blue.  It was cooked beyond this and it soon went to a medium rare rather than even rare.  For dessert I had the S'mores fritters.  This was an OK dessert but there was nothing special about the deconstructed S'more.  It's a cute idea, but what it turns out to be are three doughnut hole-like chocolate rounds, several dots of marshmallow that are flamed brownish, and some gelato on Graham cracker crumbs.  The gelato was supposed to be Graham cracker flavor, but it really had little flavor of its own.  The taste of Graham came from the crumbs beneath the gelato.  Service was generally very good.  Someone was around to refill my water glass with the bottled water and dirty plates were removed quickly.  The only hiccup was a wait for a second iced tea.I was underwhelmed by the meal.  It was OK and the appetizer was more than that.  It just wasn't up to the highest standards I would expect of this celebrity chef.End of review and beginning of side story:After I took a photo of something during the early part of my meal, I noticed a flash go off in my direction and a woman had snapped my photo with her iPhone.  She was with a party of four and she said she wanted a photo of someone really enjoying their job.Later when my meal was complete, she came over and sat across from me and asked if I was a food critic or a "Yelpie."  I proudly stated that I was a Yelpie.  She then went on to talk about the meal and ask my thoughts.  When I pretty much said what I wrote here, she talked about her steak which was supposed to medium rare came out raw.  She sent it back and the second one was correct.  I had noticed that she was eating while her husband and the other couple had finished and their plates were cleared.  She suggested that I try the Cowboy Steak at another restaurant, one very close to Heritage Steak.  The four of them thought it was a great steak.End of side story.
4	Loved this place! Great addition to the Mirage. The restaurant is tucked deep within - past the hip bar and into a very trendy cool space. The music was a little too loud but otherwise wonderful atmosphere. Anthony was our server - great personality & very knowledgeable & helpful. Cocktails were very good. Baby lettuce salads were delicious and a great start to dinner. Filets were fantastic. Sides are huge - share! Mushrooms were tasty. Cauliflower - not so much. Unfortunately no room for dessert. Overall a great experience.  We were not disappointed and will return!
2	We were at Heritage in mid-October and were anxious to see what took the place of Kokomo's - which happened to be a favorite of ours.  Since it was Colicchio's, we assumed it would be outstanding.  Unfortunately it wasn't.  We both ordered the filet to be cooked the same way.  While my steak was okay, my husband's was so tough he could hardly cut through it.  I gave him a bite of mine for comparison (and I had a bite of his); the difference was enormous.  The waiter did take it back and the second one was fine.  The service was spotty...several "suits" were wandering around, then congregating at the back by the grills, talking on cell phones and looking important, while a couple of the waitstaff (a male and female) were laughing, joking, flirting and ignoring patrons.  Our waitperson was fine, as were the busboys, etc..  But the food took a long time to come, was overpriced and mediocre.  Stack is much better, and Kokomo's was wonderful...too bad it's gone.  We won't return to Heritage, even though we stay at the Mirage three or four times a year.
5	When we first walked into the restaurant we were greeted by the hostess to be walked over to our table but decided to hang out at the bar for a bit til the rest of the group arrived. When we were ready to be sat, the hostess and servers were extremely helpful and offered to transfer our open tabs to the table. Our group shared a few appetizers that were pretty good. Everyone's favorite was the octopus though... we liked it so much that we had to order a second order. For dinner our table decided to stick to only ordering from the heritage steaks. We got the skirt, wagyu, and the filet. The wagyu was obviously the best but that pricetag...yikes. Regardless the piece of meat was a work of art. It was incredibly tender and pretty much just melted in your mouth. There was very little chewing that had to be done. Probably the most rich and flavorful piece of cow I've ever consumed. Puts a smile on my face thinking about it...As far as sides go, nothing stood out but the brussell sprouts. Very good flavor.The restaurant is modern and clean with dark wood accents. Lighting sets the mood for a nice dinner out. Overall I loved the layout, however it's a bit confusing when youre looking for the restrooms. I accidentally almost walked into the kitchen twice trying to find the restrooms...but everything happens for a reason...I ended up getting a tour of the back and front kitchen from one of the GMs. They really knew how to make a girl feel special  ^*^The service was perfect. The servers not only gave us great suggestions but also brought everything out in a timely manner. I was in and out of a full service meal in less than 2 hours and made it to work with time to spare. The tour of the kitchen really gave me a sense of how things were done here at Heritage and how seriously they take their craft. I guarantee that I will be back.
4	Bone marrow appetizer is excellent, better than the one from The Cut.  However, they run  out of Wagyu and will not have it for a few days.  This is a steak house so how do you run out of the you top steak?  i ordered a ribeye instead. it was cooked perfectly but if I'd wanted that, I could  have stayed in NY and not travel here.
5	Me, pulling apart My braised brisket with a spoonCackling with glee
5	Great experience all around!I really wanted to go to Craft Steak, but they were closed for remodeling, so we opted to try Tom Coliccho's new venture, Heritage Steak.Staff from the moment we entered were friendly and attentive! I wish they had more romantic seating options, like booths or larger tables, so couples could sit on the same side, but no big deal. We were seated at a half booth half chair situation.Now to the food. Bread and butter: very delicious, I loved the large grains of salt on the butter. Wish butter was not so cold so it would spread a bit nicerquail skewers: good, but wouldn't order it again. We hadn't tried quail so now we have. Tastes like dark meat chicken, nice flavor from the fire, but nothing I'd rave aboutBone in ribeye: Best steak I've ever had! Cooked and seasoned simply, letting the meat be the real star. Cooked perfectly (medium rare) and rested perfectly!! No blood or juice running out all over the plate. Amazing flavor and tenderness!Potatoes: the ones it comes with, good little potatoesOnion rings: Best I've ever had!!! Great flavor, seasoned to perfection, maybe a bit on the spicy side for non spicy eaters. Served hot out of the frier. Very crispy (they do lose some crunch as they get cooler, but I didn't mind) and the dipping sauce was phenomenal too.Banana bread pudding, so good! The sauce on the bottom and bruleed banana slices were fantastic.Overall: A phenomenal meal, pretty reasonable prices by Vegas famous chef standards. I'm now very excited to try craft steak next time we are in Vegas.
5	We weren't overly hungry, but stopped in for a bite before cigars at the Rhumbar. My husband had the steak skewers and I had the scallops. Tangy with a little heat, cooked to perfection and we both wanted to lick the bowls.  Service? Over the top - Lyndsey is a true guest-oriented professional who made it a great experience. Try this place!
5	There are some restaurants that are great and there are some restaurants that are made greater by the people they employ.  My husband and my experience at Heritage Steak was made greatER by two specific employees.My husband and I decided to go here Christmas Eve.  We have dined at Colicchio & Sons in NYC so we knew the food would be awesome.  What we didn't know, however, was how much of more pleasant experience we had in dining due to our two attentive bartenders Travis and Justin.Right off the bat, they were friendly, served us water, asked us what we wanted to drink, and they set us up right away.After asking if we were going to eat, they set up the place mats.  We inquired as to the amount of the food we ordered (we didn't want too much food but we also wanted to make sure we covered our bases in terms of the restaurant's hits).  Justin told us to get the octopus as an addition.  We did.The food came out quickly but both of us were able to enjoy light conversation with both bartenders.  They conversed easily in a way that didn't seem contrived.  Everything flowed well.  I even overheard a woman exclaim that Travis was her favorite bartender on her visit to Vegas.  Not hard to believe.The two, though they have never worked together before, were a seamless pair.  They tended to the bar in tandem, never skipping a beat, all the while, I never saw them not clean glasses, not refill water, not make sure all the patrons were alright. Those two were effortless and well trained.  They were always doing something.  It was great to see them both in action and to meet them.Justin shared his favorite hangover cure with my husband and we all discussed fernet and its wondrous properties.We had a great experience here and it was definitely heightened by our encounter with Travis and Justin. Our octopus was flavorful and tender, the bone marrow was divine!  The steak was done perfectly but man, oh man, those mushrooms were to die for.  Overall, we thoroughly enjoyed our last meal in Vegas.
5	My girlfriend and I decided to try this steakhouse the week it opened.  Although I've eaten at two other of Tom's restaurants, I was blown away by the quality of the food.  My steak was so juicy and cooked to perfection that I went into the kitchen to thank the chef personally for a wonderful meal.  If you are in the area, this place is a must go.  I highly recommend it!
4	We ended up canceling our initial reservation but went back and ate in their lounge after all.  We were there at approx 8pm and there was ample seating in the lounge/bar area (on 12/30).  Location/Restaurant:  Located in the middle of Mirage's casino floor.  It is a nice set up with a modern twist.  I really liked how the main restaurant was decorated.  The kitchen is open for full viewing of the chef and the steaks cooking.  Another cool thing is that the restrooms are all private (3 I believe).  Service:  Fair.  Our waitress in the lounge was friendly and prompt.  However, she didn't bring or offer bread to us.  We stopped another server in the main restaurant and asked him about the restaurant's concept and he took the time to really explain things to us.  So if you want better service, I would def suggest eating in the main restaurant.  The lounge was definitely less formal.Food:  There was 4 of us and we ended up splitting the 35oz Heritage rib eye (aged 28 days) and 4 sides (brussels sprouts, mushrooms, onion rings, and fries).  They ran out of the porterhouse (???).  They did not charge a splitting fee and even cut the steaks up for us.  The steak was really really good and juicy and I would def get it again.  The star of the side dishes was the brussel sprouts and onion rings.  The brussel sprouts had nice big pieces of bacon and was really really good.  The onion rings had a really nice and light batter and was delicious.  Dessert was also pretty good.  They recommended the fig dessert and that was good.The steaks were good but I would still prefer CUT over this place.
1	We went here for my birthday and we've been to just about every high-end steakhouse in town including Craft Steak over a dozen times and thought we would give Heritage a shot and it was horrible from the service on.  We shared a couple of apps--the grilled Romaine and onion soup, the romaine tasted sour, almost rotten, however the soup was good.  We got a few steaks and the brisket that were just ok considering the price. They gave us a "free" birthday dessert that was a the size of a mini muffin and wasn't really great.  Def pass on this place and try Jean Georges or SW.
4	I was looking forward to having a shrimp cocktail before my meal and was very surprised to find that this restaurant doesn't offer them. I wonder why not. The filet and new potatoes were delicious though and we will definitely be returning. Hopefully, they will add shrimp cocktails to the menu! All of the service people were extremely friendly and competent in spite of how busy they were! Would be nice to have more private booth areas but overall it was good.
1	We have eaten at Craft Steak several times and we love it.  We decided to try Heritage and we were completely underwhelmed. We live in Las Vegas and enjoy trying all the great restaurants in town.We started with the grilled romaine and upon first bite it was so sour that none of us could eat it.  The waiter noticed we weren't eating it and we advised that the dressing tasted sour. He brought out the grilled octopus, which was tough but had a good flavor.  Because of the sour taste in my mouth nothing really tasted good. The french onion soup was the best thing we ordered.The porterhouse was tough, quite a bit of grizzle. Completely sub-standard for a top steak house.  The braised brisket was tasty, but way too much fat.  I understand brisket needs to be fatty for flavor but the chef should have trimmed some off before serving. The pudding served with it had no taste, not even sure what it was.The sides were standard, nothing outstanding. Brussle sprouts were ok but cauliflower was under seasoned. The onion rings were touted as being the best in town, not.  They were greasy.I love dessert, we ordered the s'mores, they were ok.  Apple tartin was so tasteless we left the entire pie. Was not worth the calories. It was my son's birthday and they serve a mini cupcake as their dessert. Really, just say happy birthday.Before I wrote a review I called a manager the next day to discuss my concerns.  She basically said all their food is made from scratch daily and is always consistent. She advised she would discuss with the chef our issues and get back to me.  She never returned my call. I feel like I was blown off. Locals keep these restaurants busy all year long, not just during convention season. I am shocked that Tom Colicchio would have this kind of management. I feel like Craft Steak and Heritage are completely different owners. Different food, service even ambience.TWO thumbs down.
5	Awesome. The restaurant looks very small from the front but goes back to a larger separate room that is very cozy. Our waiter was very helpful here in making recommendations. We started with the grilled octopus and crispy pork belly. Both were amazing. Octopus was very fresh and very tender. The pork belly was very very tender as well. Both portions were large compared to what I was expecting. We then shared the bone in ribeye with truffle (they had a special to add on fresh truffle). The steak was cooked perfectly, and they knew we were sharing and actually pre cut it and brought it out on 2 separate plates which was very thoughtful and convenient. The truffle was decadent and the steak was delicious. Another successful Colicchio restaurant.
5	Great location and ambiance.  Loved the skewer app and my ribeye was super tender and flavorful. Also, we got the onion rings to share and OMG! Best onion rings ever! Super light and flaky and served with a yummy white BBQ sauce. Our server was very helpful. In fact, we were going to order a side of mashed potatoes, but instead of racking up our bill unnecessarily, she warned us that both of our steaks came with potatoes already.  Will definitely go back for a special occasion!
5	Ate here the 2nd week of January.  Was very, very good.  I have been to craftsteak a couple of times and this is on par if not a bit better (the sercvice is better).  Our group of 4 ordered the french onion soup and pork belly to start, both awesome, get the pork belly if you are a fan.  The steaks and chicken we ordered were cooked to perfection over the wood fired grill.  Mushrooms, brocoli and carrots were super delicious sides.  I loved the flavors and service.  I would go back without any hesitation.
2	Food was good, not great.  Overpriced and service was just so so.  We expected much more. We are locals and would most likely not return.
5	Menu really focused exclusively on the wood stove and grills, with a few exceptions. Everything was first rate.  The oyster/pork belly app was quite unique, the very large oyster flash fried, and still tasting as if it were right from the sea. Wish I could have been during the spring, as I'm sure that's when this concept will really shine. As usual, vegetables and produce at  Colicchio's establishments are the finest.  Service was outstanding.
4	Steak: very good. Decor and ambience: dark, lively, and cool. Bar in front, restaurant more in back. Can't say much, not my usual fare but everything was very nice.
1	Sorely overrated and overpriced. A steak house without Lea & Perrins! Give me a break. Bread unremarkable. Our wine was grossly overpriced. Inglenook Cabernet for $150! My steak was thin, and overcooked. Octopus appetizer was buried under a  medley that completely overpowered it. The one thing I can say was excellent were the onion rings. I've dined all over Vegas and at these prices, this was the worst meal I've  ever had.
3	Beautiful decor. Wait staff and other servers were extremely attentive and friendly and helpful. Food was mediocre. Granted we didn't have the $165 steak, but the $59.00 filet had very little flavor. For a TV Chef personality known for his seasoning comments, we were surprised and actually had to ask for salt and pepper. The food looked wonderful though. Our favorite thing was the fried oysters that accompanied the pork belly. All in all, a very expensive dinner that was not worth the price in our opinion. The ambiance was great but I've had much better meals.
4	My partner and I consider ourselves "foodies," addicted to watching all those T.V. cooking competition shows, and always enjoy trying one of the celebrity chef's Las Vegas venues when we're in town.  We were really looking forward to dining at Tom Colicchio's newest entry on this trip.Sadly, we were a bit disappointed but . . . to be honest . . . it is difficult to say exactly why.  The room is beautifully done - modern yet warm - with an open kitchen that really entertains.  The service was top notch, with good explanations of the dishes and preparation methods, a personable and attentive waiter, and a well-paced meal.  The food was delicious: The bone marrow appetizer was a treat.  The steak was perfectly done, tender and delicious.  The fish was wonderful.  And, the sides were great, with a particular shout-out for the crispy onion rings.  The only criticism I can muster, and it's a personal one, is that the portion sizes seemed a bit large, but I suppose that appeals to most people.So, everything at Heritage was great.  But, it just didn't seem "special."  Perhaps it's because, at this price point, we expected a more intimate and formal dining room, maybe with table cloths.  Or, perhaps it's because we didn't expect to see fellow diners in jeans, flip-flops and tacky t-shirts.  Whatever the case, we enjoyed our meal but it will probably not be a memorable evening.
2	With a name like Colicchio, I was expecting the best steak of my steak eating career but after all was said and done... it fell flat...I ordered the Heritage Bone-in Rib eye and although it was cooked well, just didnt have any real memorable moments and actually bored me quite a bit. I love simplicity when it comes to steaks, salt and pepper. My brother in law got the brisket and it was topped off with all these strange foreign material that it looked like an alien barfed all over it. It looked like wet chia seed gelatin and swiss chard greens. My wife got the filet mignon and it was "meh" in her words. My sister in law got the regular rib-eye which was topped off with baby onions and she didnt finish much of it, just like she didnt finish a majority of her baby salad ($17).Service was good, waterboy was on it though.Bone-in ribeye $61, filet $59... $120 plus tax and tip... way over pricedI still enjoy Vic and Anthony's at the Golden Nugget... now their rib eye is outstanding
5	Wow!  Hands down the best steakhouse I have been to in Vegas.  Yes, it was expensive.  Yes, it was hard to get in to.  Yes, it was amazing.Try everything.  It was all good.Ask for James.  He knows his stuff.
3	Had dinner there with some colleagues and meal was overall good but a bit over priced. The scallop skewer appetizer was good but not on a skewer and came with exactly two scallops. I ordered the bone in rib eye and it was very good. A bit fatty but cooked to perfection and seasoned nicely. One of my colleagues ordered the chicken and the other a vegetarian had the chef make something special for her. The chicken came out lukewarm and was soon cold, the veggie dish was serviceable. Wine list seemed overpriced even for Vegas. Service was good once we got seated.
2	Not impressed at all. Because of how great Craftsteak is, some friends and I tried out Heritage. The highlight of the meal was my friend's Shirley Temple. The pork belly appetizer was bland. The bone in rib eye was really dry and had no taste. Onion rings were cool. I don't remember if they had a bread basket. If they did, it certainly was forgettable. Overall, I would pick Tom Colicchio Craftsteak and a ton of other Vegas steakhouses over this place. Only slightly better than Sugar Factory (and that place really sucks)
4	WOW!  We really enjoyed Tom's place!  Great atmosphere.  I had the best collard greens ever!  I don't know what the heck they do to them, but they are AMAZING!  The Porterhouse was pretty good.  Buttery, good cut of meat, but not not amazing.  Not for $100.  It's pricey but not obscene, I just think the place is a bit overpriced for what you get.  StripSteak is much better overall.  Cooler vibe, better steaks.  But if you wanna go to Tom's place to go to Tom's place and have some good food, go.
4	Praise the food heavens!!!' The lobster and 10oz filet were delicious!! OMG the spices and flavor along with the kick of cajunness made the lobster even better! I highly recommend the food, and the service was great as well!
1	I was in Vegas celebrating my husband's Bday. We selected this restaurant because we were going to watch Love.Very disappointed. I'm a Ruth's Chris fan. I order the grilled ribeye well done. My husband ordered the NY strip steak.My steak was oozing blood. I hate sending food back, but this steak was too pricy not to get it the way I ordered it.Well, they took my steak back. I insisted my husband eat his. 15-20 minutes later my steak came back well done. I was definitely unimpressed. And of course our side of potatoes were now cold. My husband liked his steak, but did not love it.Eating apart with a cold side & unimpressed steak was not what I was looking forward to. A complimentary dessert may have saved the night?...I'll never come back & will not recommend to friends. $180 bill so not worth the price!
2	This is the biggest disappointment to hit Vegas. I love steak and have tried most of the steakhouses here. The appetizers were not cooked well, grilled Octopus was chewy and lacked flavor which is not the case in most restaurants. The Pork Belly was undercooked and the oysters were massive and undercooked.  I was hoping for a comeback with the ribeye for two, but again lacked flavor and was just cut in half and thrown on a plate, most places will slice it nicely for you.  Overall I would try other established steakhouses in Vegas skip this one. Tom should pack up his knives and go!
5	The atmosphere and service are stellar with an amazing wine selection. Then  when you get incredible beef tartar, A5 steak that melts in your mouth and the most delicious brussel sprouts you are in food heaven. Top it off with delicious deserts that are equally unique and beautiful as the entire experience.
5	First off, let me just say WOW!! My girlfriend and I were out and about and went here on a whim just looking for a place to have a cocktail and some food and came across Heritage Steak. Not wanting to really sit at a table and have a full meal, we had a seat at the bar. We were immediately warmly greeted by the bartender, Justin, and even though the place was slammed, he patiently took the time to answer all of our questions about the menu and cocktails and was entertaining and making us laugh the entire time. He made the fantastic recommendation of the charred octopus with romesco sauce and a cocktail called The Copyrighter. All around great food, amazing service, and we will definitely be back ASAP!
5	Over the past 8 years of marriage my wife and I have tried to go to a new steakhouse for our anniversary dinner. We almost broke that trend this year when we planned to return to Del Frisco's in Las Vegas. The day before our anniversary we changed our mind and went with the suggestion of the box office employee for Terry Fator making a reservation with Heritage Steakhouse inside the Mirage. I placed the reservation via Opentable and in the notes mentioned it was for our 8th anniversary. That was it until the night of our anniversary. I stopped by to confirm our reservation on our way to the Terry Fator show and the hostess asked if we were going to any shows. I said we were and she asked if I wanted to move my reservation up from 930 to 9 because the show would be done around 9 and they would hold my reservation until I arrived so we did not have to wait the extra half hour. I agreed which is great because we were starving by the time the show was done. After the show we went back to Heritage. Almost immediately a hostess greeted us with Happy Anniversary and led us to our table. We were sitting for maybe 30 seconds to a minute before our server Farzad came up and greeted us with "Happy Anniversary! Welcome to Heritage and I am excited I get to make your night memorable". He asked if we were in a rush, which we were not, so he took his time going over different nuances of the menu and the restaurant. When asked about drinks my wife said, "I'm kind of a martini snob...most people cannot make it the way I like it." He asked, "How do you like it? Our bar is the best there is so I know they can make it the way you like it." My wife said, "I like it extra dirty with extra olives." Farzad returned shortly with the bar tender who hand delivered one of the best martinis my wife had ever had. I drank a red ale recommended by the server and it was an excellent choice. We opted to go for dessert after the meal rather than a first course so we started with our entrees and a shared side. My wife go the bone-in Ribeye and I got the grilled Ribeye. We shared a side of creamed Swiss Chard. Man-alive...by far the best steaks we have eaten and we are from South Texas. The side was delicious and certainly large enough to share. It was a delightful meal to say the least.In order to have room for dessert we did have to take some of the steak back with us but it was worth it. We ordered the S'mores Fritter and when it was brought out so were two mini lemon cakes with candles for us presented with another Happy Anniversary congratulations. The lemon cakes and the S'mores Fritter were delicious. Capped off with a cup of coffee we were completely satisfied. Well done Heritage. Your staff made us feel special and certainly provided us with a memorable experience. Farzad was one of the best servers we have ever had and I would highly recommend any others try to get him as their server. Another highly recommended restaurant if you are in Las Vegas.
3	I am giving this three stars because the food didn't meet my expectations with it being a Tom Colicchio restaurant. I respect Chef Colicchio, but I don't think this represents great food. It was OK food at an OK price.The ambiance in the middle of the Mirage was nice. Most people felt like it was too casual with all of the tourists surrounding the area, but it had a unique feeling to be eating in the glass dome. We were seated and presented with the menu. I ordered the tri tip and my bf ordered a steak. We also ordered a side of the Spicy Onion Rings (it was highly recommended on Yelp) and the soup that came with a bread pudding of some sort.The appetizer was bone marrow and this was probably the best dish overall. Bone marrow with apple, I would have never imagined that this combination would be so good.Next was the onion rings...very..meh. They were tempura deep fried onion rings with a spicy dipping sauce. I could have ordered this anywhere and it was very underwhelming. The bread pudding was odd. It wasn't good...it wasn't terrible...it just tasted weird and had a weird texture. We both took a bite out of this souffle-bread pudding thing and that was it. Enough of that stuff.My tri tip was good and came with a dollop of mustard. It was cooked well and very tender. The flavors didn't dazzle my taste buds but it was a decent piece of meat.I want to try other Tom Collichio's joints but I probably won't go back here. It is overpriced for some mediocre food inside of a casino. It sounds like just any other restaurant on the strip.
3	Really pretty good!  Steak was perfect and beyond.  Sides are kind of old school but given the concept were OK.  Would rather see a new concept of a steak house.  Too much like Ruth C and Maestro's.  Little disappointing.
3	I really wanted to like this restaurant because I am a definite Top Chef fan but...Pros:- Scallop app was delish. They were cooked perfectly and the reduction on them was tasty.- The octopus app was pretty good (but I've had better).- The collards and pears that came with the duck were flavorful and probably the best part of my meal.Cons:- The prices for what you get are NOT worth it.- They warned us that they tend to undercooked steaks but then brought out a requested medium rare steak at a perfect medium. - The duck breast was under seasoned and the fat was chewy and unrendered.- The salads (stupid me for ordering) were under dressed and boring.- No one EVER asked how our meal was. We never saw the server after ordering. While others brought us water, etc., it still was strange for fine dining.Tom Colicchio, please pack your knives and go!
2	Wanted to like this.  The restaurant looks like an upscale Denny's.  Strange booth seating and plastic placemats sold at Crate and Barrel.  The restaurant is not cozy.  It is like an atrium and every clink of the slots and drunken twenty-something hooting at the craps table can be heard clearly.  Service is TOP NOTCH. The staff is well versed and skilled and the sommelier was knowledgeable.  The food is good. But it is NOT worth $500 for two apps, steak for two and dessert.  Wine is the usual 3x.  The grilled romaine was woefully over dressed and one third of my plate was inedible lettuce core. The yellowtail app was unique but shockingly small. The steak was ordered medium rare but was medium plus (almost no pink left).  It was tasty, but while marbled is good, grisly fat is not. I love the taste a bit of fat lends a steak, but this could not be chewed.  The brussel sprouts were very good.  Dessert (corn fritters with pineapple chutney) was a bright spot.  . This place is just not special enough to justify the pricing.
5	My steak was perfect. Had the perfect Malbec. I loved every bite. Waitress was attentive but not bothersome. Highly recommended
5	I don't normally give 5 star but this place is so freakin delicious! We had onion soup escargot, fried oyster with pork belly, charred octopus for starter and entree We had duck breast, fillet and foie gras for dessert we had lemon panna cotta  and drunken money...... Everything thing we got I can't complain it's absolutely good!!!!!
1	Would have loved to eat there, but even with there insane early posted closing, the staff told us they were closed at 10:20 on a Friday night.
5	The steak served here tastes so fine that it made me feel like I am eating inside Buckingham Palace with the Queen of England as my host. The wine served here made me feel like I am drinking with King Louis XIII from France.This place made me feel like the Duke of Edinburgh for two fine hours.
1	My wife and I watch a lot of Top Chef, so when we booked a weekend at the Mirage it was a no brainer to try Tom Colicchhio's steak house. It was disappointing to the point of being comical. My wife summed it up perfectly when she said, "If a contestant on Top Chef had put this food in front of him, Collichio would have torn him a new one."I ordered the New York strip. Good, but nothing special. I actually thought the New York strip I had at Elway's at the Denver airport was better. I also got the fries, because I love a good steak-frites. The plate of fries I got looked like a plate you'd get at Denny's. Very dry, over salty, with no flavor. I sent them back, which is the first time I've ever sent food back at a restaurant, but for $13 a plate, those fries should have tickled my gonads. I even asked them if the fries were frozen. They assured me they make them by hand daily. I guess I'll take them on their word, but I have my doubts. So for $75 I got a decent steak and terrible fries. Oh yeah, and the cheapeast glass of red was 17 bucks. Again, good but nothing special. The next tier up was in the high 20s and mid 30s. That's asking a heck of a lot for a glass of wine.My wife ordered the brisket which was good. However, the mustard dressing on the brisket was the same sauce they put on the vegetables, so everything on her plate tasted the same. My wife is also gluten and dairy free and asked if she could substitute the creamy polenta that came with the brisket for something else. The waitress said she would check, but we never saw her again until they brought our food with the creamy polenta. Then it got funny. To the manager's credit she didn't charge us for the fries and comped us two free desserts. Three different people assured my wife that she was getting dairy-free sorbet including the manager. One of the flavors was fromage-blanc which tasted great. I asked the manager how they got such an authentic cheese flavor without using dairy. She actually got the dessert chef who explained that they used goat cheese. We all paused for an awkward silence. My wife was too embarassed to say anything and I was on the verge of cracking up. Finally the chef asked if my wife was okay with goat cheese. My wife allowed the chef to save face and said yes, but when she left we lost it. Memo to Tom Collichio and his staff: CHEESE IS DAIRY! Even if it comes from a goat. I will say the desserts were excellent and by far the best part of the meal. But if you go to a steak house and the best thing is dessert, it's not a good steak house. I'm sure this place will be successful simply because it's Tom Collichio, but if it was anyone else's name on the door people would say it's so-so and ridiculously over priced.
4	Service was impeccable, my wife's salmon was cooked to perfection as was my fillet. we loved everything about this visit except..... Tom and Padma weren't there to join us....
5	An event horizon.Bliss.How do you describe something that defines a new level of perfection in your otherwise hitherto perfect world?I remember when all the great steakhouses around the world would "make the grade",  but never expected anyone to raise the bar like this.Heritage is aptly named. This is simply an experience that must be handed down and shared with others. It is not sinful. It is not overindulgence. It is simply greatness that needs to be experienced.I've eaten here three times in the last two months, and the experience, especially when staff recognize you (highly recommend getting the name of your host, server, and sommelier, and requesting them on a subsequent visit). They are so in touch with their food, exude the epitome of knowledgeable hospitality........ hell.... they simply know their shit.I've had their wonderfully delectable seafood platter (to be shared with the table), sampled almost all of their top steaks (even though I'm not generally a fan of wagyu), the amazing sides (you simply MUST get the mushrooms, whipped/mashed potatoes, and brussel sprouts), and if you have room for it...... anything they recommend for dessert.While I would love to go into more detail of what I ate, I think it better to simply show you the pictures I took of everything.....This is my Vegas go-to restaurant.
3	I was tempted to order the 8oz A-5 Wagyu Strip for $165, but when I questioned our waiter about where the beef came from, and he responded that it came from the "Wagyu province... Prefecture".....Needless to say, but I will: I didn't order the steak.The menu changed slightly from the last time I was here; Overall it was an OK experience, but rounding out at about 100-120/pp it just wasnt up to par with other options on the strip at that price.For example, they had a roasted bone marrow with sweet corn slaw and lobster, which is now updated to an apple slaw - but the apple slaw just doesnt work.I loved the cut of beef with the Tabasco rubbed kobe skirt, but this time it was overpowering.
2	Being a huge fan of Craftsteak at the MGM for many years, I was looking forward to trying Heritage Steak at Mirage. It made total sense as we were going to see Cirque's Beatle show "Love" (BTW don't waste your money - we walked out).The service was great, but let's talk about the food.My wife ordered the pork belly.  She liked it, but the forkful I tried was dry and tasteless, however, the fried oysters served on the plate was excellent.I ordered the onion soup... not your usual one from the 60's.  This soup was made from char roasted onions, roasted garlic and escargot.  Very good for a change, but I doubt I would order it again.We split the Tabasco Kobe skirt steak.  We ordered it medium. 1/3 of it was medium 2/3 well done.  It was also over rubbed so that the Tabasco overpowered the flavor of the steak.  Don't get me wrong, I love hot food, but this had me sweating.  This would have been great on a taco... but that would be a sin.The side of asparagus was tasteless and so woody, that it was inedible.The bit of fingerling potatoes on the steak plate were cooked perfectly, but too greasy to eat.Maybe we just ordered the wrong dishes, as we saw some great looking onion rings and other dishes going to other tables.The bottom line is that I am at Mirage and hungry, I would go back to their large bar which has sports going on their TV's and order some appetizers, but this will not be a repeat destination... I'll head to Craftsteak!
5	Just ate the Foie Gras at Heritage Steak. It was divine! Excellent! I will definitely go back and eat it again. The peanut sauce that came with it, gave it the perfect kick! I loved the Chardonnay that I had with it. My husband enjoyed a nice local Nevadan beer. It was very tasty, a bit light, but just right for the moment.What a lovely bar/restaurant to meet, hang out with friends, and watch people.
5	Amazing Bone Marrow app.  Red Snapper was perfection.  Highly recommend!
1	I really wanted to love your place Tom because I love your show but it was awful. I had just ate at Gordon Ramsey's steak the night before and it was so good I almost cried;). So I thought well surely Tom can top Gordon...nope. I had the onion soup to start, it was like the greasy drippings left over from a chargrilled roast put in a bowl and then served. The taste was so peppery that my lips were on fire! The chunks of meat were so chargrilled it was like licking a grill. Weird too because I didn't see or taste any onion!Ok so after a few bites of that mess I said ok let's hope steak is better. I ordered 10 oz filet which is always too much but since I barely ate soup I had room.Steak was cooked perfectly but had that peppery taste!! I am not huge pepper fan i use it to cook with but it just overwhelmed that steak. I ate both rolls trying to put out fire on my lips!! I also had the strawberry stout which was awesome. I didn't bother with dessert because I was afraid it might be drenched in pepper!My server was great but she never took away a plate so she didn't notice that I wasn't eating the food and I am not a complainer unless something is dangerous so I paid my huge bill and left. There are too many awesome steak places in Vegas to go here. Cut, 9ine, gr are excellent if you are in steak mood.
4	Pretty great.Had the bone in ribeye. Excellent.Started with the shrimp - holy cow.Finished with an espresso and some vanilla bean ice cream.It was good.  Service was awesome.  Ambiance was excellent.
1	This turns into an uncomfortable experience. I was a little concerned from the start when the wait was really pushing the seafood tower. We had a hard time finding a light starter and settled for the grilled romaine. With the dressing it was a bit heavy. Lamb ribs were really fatty, although the cucumber sauce was nice. Dinner came. Brisket for me, filet for my wife, medium rare. It came medium well, should have took a picture. Then came the redo, not even a warm steak. It almost seemed spiteful. My wife sent it back. 3rd steak came the same as the second. Each steak came with a new delivery person, each one treating us as if we were just being difficult or like we were trying to get a free steak. Waiter didn't apologize until number 3 and then acted all magnanimous about given it for free when I was done with my meal a while ago. They insisted on bringing a fourth which was finally right. By this time both of us just want to leave. I feel sick after this meal and it was the service and not the food.
5	We have been to very many celebrity chef places, and for the most part, have been ok, but not repeatable.  This place is different.   Thought I'm still pissed that Tom Colicchio liked Nicholas more than Nina, I still agreed to try this place!!  We first went here last month on a trip to Vegas.   Being a wine geek, we worked with the sommelier to have our wine decanted for our meal, and she was amazing.  She provided suggestions for bourbon, which I know nothing about, and the bourbon paired EXCELLENT with the marrow.   The steak was charred perfectly, and perfectly med rare as I loved every bite.   Service was amazing and we'd knew we'd be back.  So with our recent trip, we decided to go a day earlier to just have dinner here.  Again, our sommelier assisted with decanting our wine, suggested incredible desert wines, and again, steak was incredible.     So much so, that we ended up coming here every day during our stay.  The bar opens earlier, so it was great to have a drink - I'd rather pay for a good drink, than get a free bad one.  Had some small bites at the bar, and again, great snacks!    We will be back!
4	As an avid fan and still my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas, craftsteak, I was hoping the Chef could duplicate its food. But, they are two completely different menus, so it's not a fair comparison. The bone marrow with lobster appetizer was fantastic. The chilled shrimp and charred octopus were also fine. We each had different cuts of steak: ribeye, filet, and Tabasco rubbed skirt steak, which is very very spicy!! All were cooked perfectly but my ribeye had so much excessive fat than most (especially at $52).  The service and ambiance was just fine as well. For $500 for three people with no dessert, I was expecting wow, but just got very good. It's just missing something. Could be the vibe and festive mood that you get at craftsteak, whereas Heritage Steak is more subdued. I think. Now their lounge bar and new lounge food menu was lots of fun. Thank you Trevor, for being a great and friendly bartender. Appreciate your service!
5	Had an AMAZING meal with a group of 6 for a friend's birthday last weekend on May 3. This was my first visit to a restaurant by Tom Colicchio.The restaurant is located right in the Atrium of the Mirage. It looks a little exposed from the casino, but that's just the bar--the actual restaurant is deeper in and mostly hidden from view from the casino, providing a nice romantic atmosphere. We had a few drinks at the bar before being taken to our table, and the bartenders were friendly and chatty and made us laugh a lot. The restaurant itself is decorated in a modern, chic but cozy style with huge stacks of wood lining the entire back wall by the kitchen in an impressive display, and wine racks lining the other wall on the back side near a private dining room. Lots of dark wood and dim lighting complete the experience.Our server (her name escapes me) was just fantastic! We were a rowdy group and she took our energy and matched it, bantering wittily with the smart-asses we brought along, providing great suggestions, and also leaving us alone when we were relaxing and chatting. She was very knowledgeable about the menu and offered a great wine selection.The wines by the glass selection is small but I really enjoyed my chardonnay recommended by the waitress, as did my dining companions.We shared a seafood platter for an appetizer, and my husband ordered the quail skewer as well. The seafood was delectable and fresh, and while this was marketed on the menu for two people, the six of us enjoyed it without getting stuffed for the entrees. Hubby said the quail was phenomenal and wished he had ordered more  (me too, I didn't get to try it!)For dinner, I had the 10 oz. heritage filet, and I can honestly say it was the best steak I've ever had. A friend had the lobster, another friend had the skirt steak and scallop skewers, hubby had the tabasco pepper strip steak, and the other boys split the gigantic 32 oz cote de bofe (dry-aged bone-in ribeye). Everyone was extremely impressed with their entrees and we gladly shared bites, oohing and aahing over how delicious everything was. We shared a few sides, but I had filled up and didn't get to the them. The rest of my party raved over the asparagus and roasted mushrooms.The birthday girl got a free mini-cake that was yummy, and our companions enjoyed the panna cotta and ice cream desserts.It wasn't a cheap meal,  but we had an amazing time both due to the food and our server. She really made the meal a special experience I'm sure we will all remember, and I would definitely return (if my budget allows) to Heritage Steak next time I visit Vegas. Truly five stars!!!
5	Delicious food.  Great cocktails and our server was able to get us a cocktail we created based on a recipe we enjoy!  Farhad was our server and he was on phenomenal!  I will go back when I save enough money to get the Waguyu.  Everything was well worth the price.  I will post photos of our choices.  An outstanding service was the chef made my swiss chard to order, because I did not want cream sauce. That is great hospitality!
4	Oh you fancy huh?This place is definitely fine dining.My friends and I were at the Mirage for a show at the Terry Fator Theater, and we decided to head there earlier to have dinner.  The wait for places like CPK were long, so we decided to go to this place instead.  We knew it would be more expensive, but we didn't think it would be THAT expensive.  The most expensive item I noticed on the menu was the 8-oz Wagyu Striploin for about $160.  None of  us were feeling that ballerific that night.Reservations aren't necessary unless you wish to be seated deeper inside.  We found plenty of tables at that front lounge area without having to wait.I ate the braised pork belly.  It ended up including some delicious fried oysters, horseradish, and tomato molasses.  So, I surely enjoyed my meal that night.My glass of scotch was $12.  That'll give you an idea how much they charge for alcohol.  I've been to places that charge $20 for the same thing, so at least it's reasonable for the place.If you can afford it, this would be a great place for a meal.  You'd be a complete moron if your meal here ended up tasting bad, you scum.
3	Made my way here last trip to Vegas because Craftsteak is my favorite steak house, and couldn't miss up the opportunity to hit another Colicchio joint. Look, this place is fine/good in the general way that you are going to get a premium cut of meat cooked very well at nearly any nice steak house in Vegas, but there's nothing that special here.  The problem with being a steakhouse by Colicchio at the same price point more or less as Craftsteak is that you are going to get compared to Craft.  This restaurant doesn't have the highlights and secrets that Craft has.  24 hour short-rib for $39 at Craft and kobe skirt at $79 are both fantastic deals at Craft this place doesn't have a lot of competition there, nor does it have the A5 wagyu highlights, amazing monkey bread, lobster pots, and the bartending/cocktails are pretty much strictly worse also. In the end, this place measures up fine compared to other strip steak joints, but Craft is essentially the same price and executes pretty much everything better.
5	When we first walked into the restaurant we were greeted by the hostess to be walked over to our table but decided to hang out at the bar for a bit til the rest of the group arrived. When we were ready to be sat, the hostess and servers were extremely helpful and offered to transfer our open tabs to the table. Our group shared a few appetizers that were pretty good. Everyone's favorite was the octopus though... we liked it so much that we had to order a second order. For dinner our table decided to stick to only ordering from the heritage steaks. We got the skirt, wagyu, and the filet. The wagyu was obviously the best but that pricetag...yikes. Regardless the piece of meat was a work of art. It was incredibly tender and pretty much just melted in your mouth. There was very little chewing that had to be done. Probably the most rich and flavorful piece of cow I've ever consumed. Puts a smile on my face thinking about it...As far as sides go, nothing stood out but the brussell sprouts. Very good flavor.The restaurant is modern and clean with dark wood accents. Lighting sets the mood for a nice dinner out. Overall I loved the layout, however it's a bit confusing when you're looking for the restrooms. I accidentally almost walked into the kitchen twice trying to find the restrooms...but everything happens for a reason...I ended up getting a tour of the back and front kitchen from one of the GMs. They really knew how to make a girl feel special  ^*^The service was perfect. The servers not only gave us great suggestions but also brought everything out in a timely manner. I was in and out of a full service meal in less than 2 hours and made it to work with time to spare. The tour of the kitchen really gave me a sense of how things were done here at Heritage and how seriously they take their craft. I guarantee that I will be back.
4	From the moment we arrived every last staff ember treated like royalty with a homey twist. When we made the reservation, we put in a note that we had a gluten free person in our party. And every staffer watched out for us. Turns out that most of the menu was naturally gluten free.We started with heirloom tomatoes, micro basil, balsamic and a perfectly delicious cheese that melted in our mouths.We split the bone in rib eye medium rare for our main course. We also split fire roasted asparagus and the best fries I've eaten outside of my own. Everything was absolutely fabulous and worth every dime.The dessert menu was lengthy, and when we were informed that they make all the ice creams, sorbets and sherbets fresh the only question was what flavor. We finally settled on sharing a serving of Strawberry Hibiscus Sherbet which was topped with a little flavored sugar-I think it was hibiscus. A great ending to our yummy meal. I had a Shirley Temple with dinner. The cherries were dark red. Another supper tasty detail. And that's were these Heritage Steak sets a pretty high bar. I enjoyed my meal here more than The meal I ate at  Ruth Chris New York. We very much enjoyed the design and open kitchen concept. The decaf coffee was the only thing that wasn't perfect, and it was so out of character compared to everything else that I had to drop off a half star-I give 4.5 stars.
2	Going to have to go with a solid two star 'Meh' on this one.  - The BackgroundIf you're a tourist then feel free to disregard this particular review as i'm writing from a Vegas Local's prospective. I'm unaware of your (yes you the person reading this) current situation but i'm going to assume you're in town for a few days visiting from somewhere either on holiday or business, have limited information on places off the strip that serve close of not the same quality of food catered to locals, and don't have your own method of transportation as well as the thing most precious to us all, Time.  If that assumption is correct please disregard this review and move on to another. A Tom Colicchio location carries a certain level of prestige as he is a well known Chef. My expectations were high as myself and the fellas decided to dine here. Mainly i avoid Strip restaurants due to the food not having a wow factor to justify the price. Lets face it, it's Vegas and it's a Strip Casino location so everything is going to be marked up regardless. A bad place makes you regret spending money here, a good place you can justify the cost, an excellent place makes you come back for more. So how does Heritage stand up? Well read on and see...- The ExperienceFrom the minute you walk in you're greeted by lovely hostess and either asked to wait or explore the bar or seated to your table. Left of the hostess station (viewer perspective) there's a large interactive touch screen to let you browse the menu along with prices. Pictures would be nice but it's kept short and simple to arouse curiosity and keep passerbyers from loitering that screen too long. As you're walked to your table, depending on where the table is of course, the area is absolutely gorgeous except for one huge stain i'm still trying to figure out why. All the staff are dressed to impress. They do an excellent job of blending in with the night life crowd but stand out enough to know that they're not here to party they're here for the guests. The servers, wait staff, and busers all do a superb job of setting up and maintaining the dining experience. - The FoodFirst Courses - Heirloom TomatoesThe larger slices were a solid 'meh' as the texture was soggy and not very flavorful. Most of the tomatoes were bland and couldn't hold there own as well as very little balsamic to hold everything together. Every now and then there was a cherry tomato that was just absolutely heavenly but those were few. The cheese had a lovely half melted soft velvety texture but again, not enough balsamic and didnt really stand on it's own or with the help of bland tomatoes.  - Grilled OctopusAbsolutely delicious. Tender as hell meat grilled to perfection with enough on the plate to enhance the flavors of the octopus. A must get - Ash-Roasted Bone MarrowAnother absolutely delicious dish. The overly richness of the bone marrow is cut with the lovage and i think granny smith apple salad. The lobster was a refreshing note as well. Added much needed meaty texture.The SidesKnowing what i know now about the menu and portion sizes i would highly encourage skipping out on the first courses and ordering extra sides. For one the sides are much cheaper at the trade off of not being as complex as the appetizers The portion sizes are MUCH larger as well. One side is enough to cover 2 to 3 diners. 1 if you don't enjoy your company too much. - Fingerling PotatoesI assumed this would be a savory dish but it turned out to have quite a sweet glaze. If you're into that sort of thing this side would be right up your alley. I prefer it to be roasted with rosemary then drizzled with olive oil and light dash of course sea salt- Spicy Onion RingsThese rings are HUGE. They're deep fried to a well done perfection and aren't that greasy. A bit overly salty but the mustard dipping sauce is perfect. You could put this sauce on a tire and it might just make it edible. - Grilled MushroomsWow...just...WOW. I would come here, get a table for one or maybe at the bar and eat an entire side of this and just this if i could. Lots of different types of mushrooms with none of that white button stuff, tossed in buttery and garlicy sauce grilled to heavenly divinity. Give me two orders to go i'm putting some on everything from instant ramen to waffles!The SteaksI'm a NY Strip kinda guy. I like lean quality steak medium rare. The strip i was served with attached to a nice hunk of fat rarely found on NY Strips and not being a 'chew the fat' kind of eater that piece was donated to me mates which praised me for the donation. All in all it was a high quality cut that's been VERY well taken care of and prepared but....seriously lacked in the flavor department. With all the fancy wood oak oven/grill our server was talking there wasn't much grilled flavor not even a char grilled fat flavor from the edges. overall...'Meh' (would explain but reached review limit)
1	First time in my history of steak dining I send my steak back! Where do I begin... Decided to eat here since I'm staying at the mirage. The front desk manager told us it was amazing so I figured its a must since I'm a huge steak house guy. From the get go I wasn't impressed with the small menu but I figured that its kept small to make sure what the serve is perfect. We started with the heirloom tomatoe salad and the baby green salad, not amazing but okay (portions very small also). Since we weren't really impressed with any of the other starters we decided to order extra sides with the steak. My brother got the NY strip and myself got the bone-in rib eye (mind you the bone was no where to be found). The NY strip was decent but not great, the rib eye unfortunately was actually pretty gross (it kills me to say). For starters meat was purple not red (I eat my steak mid rare) also a bit over seasoned with salt and pepper bit on top of it all it just had a weird undescribable taste. Pondered back and forth about my dilemma but figured for $59 I'm def not gonna pay for something so disappointing and something I had 3 bites of. When i called my waiter over you coupd tell he was a bit surprised i was sending it back but whatever. His service was mediocre at best, kimda pushy to get us to order drinks which i absolutely hate (we arent at fridays so chill) and over all he was unattentive. The rest of the wait crew i must say were on top of their game though. Sides were pretty decent, we got the finger potatoes, onion rings and roasted mushrooms (all good). Over def regret the dining decision, hopefully we make up for it with our next two dinners. If you can avoid this place, the restaurant Stack next door is 100 times better in my opinion. Always the worst when a restaurant plays off the name of their celebrity chef and assumes their mediocre food is top notch. I'm honestly baffled this place has a ton of 5- star reviews.
5	I've eaten in most of the better steakhouses in Vegas and I can honestly say that Heritage Steak holds its own with all of them.  What really set it apart from the rest were the creative appetizers and the seasonings on everything.  For apps we had an assortment of seafood, beef carpaccio and pork belly.  Everything was incredible. For main courses we shared ribeye, New York strip and duck breast.  Again all were perfectly prepared and amazing.  We had an assortment of desserts that unique and creative.  The best part was the service, attentive without being intrusive. Our waiter, Anthony, was great. Ask for him when you dine there.
2	Yup, just what you'd expect from the Vegas strip.  Too salty or no flavor is pretty much the overall feeling.  The asparagus was too lemony and the onion rings too hot, duck breast too much cumin and the filet was better with ketchup, just to round out the flavor profiles that didn't work or needed help.VG wine list (worth one of the stars).Expected high price and mediocre service.
5	The best meal I have ever had!! Came here to celebrate a birthday and enjoyed every bite. I had the brisket with spoon bread, the meat was melt in your mouth delicious. My hubby had the ny sirloin and it was so tender and juicy. The service was good, and the drinks were a little pricey at $14 a small margarita but the star of Heritage is the meat seriously the best. Worth the splurge!!
3	The vibe is an upscale relaxed. As a result, you have some luxurious options, but the price tag to match. It is Vegas, so they do a good job with customer service. Our bar tender was awesome.
3	Being to Craft over a dozen times, I figured Heritage would be just as good if not better.  The quality of meat and service did not disappoint but I have to say, I still prefer Craft.  The spicy onion rings are delicious though!
2	I'm always excited to try out new steakhouses in Vegas.  We made reservations for a group of 10.  We were celebrating a couple of special occasions. At the start of our experience, it was great, everyone was super nice and accommodating.  We ordered the seafood tower and a couple of appetizers to start.  They were all good. Our glasses became empty and all our starters were cleared awhile ago, we were sitting there staring at one other waiting for  the main courses. Main course: Filet mignon: it was cooked well, nothing special.ribeye: if I ever go back, I'd rather get the ribeye.mushrooms: yumcorn: okaypotato puree: yumHere's why I'm giving them 2 stars.  After the main courses were delivered, we did not see the waiter again.  We actually ended up taking pitchers of water from the counters to fill our own water glasses.  Oh that's not the end of it, there were food runners and other employees who were busing our plates watching us fill our glasses.  I'm sorry to sound snobby, but if I'm at a higher end establishment, I expect great service.
1	I came to Heritage Steak for dessert however I was so turned off by the hostesses attitude that I could not bring myself to spend any money here.I walked up to the hostess stand and Paula had her head down staring at the computer. About a minute later my friend and I were still not greeted and I said it would be nice to be acknowledged. After I said this she quickly said I will be right with you. I told her we were coming here for dessert and she said we could only sit in the lounge area. My friend and I walked towards the back to check out the setting of the main restaurant before we chose a place to sit in the lounge. Paula chases after us and says I told you the main restaurant is only for people eating a full meal. I felt as though she was speaking to me in a condescending manner and her response lacked any type of refined social behavior.I told the manager what had happened and that I was going to leave. He really didn't say much and looked at me like it was going in one ear and out the other. I was surprised at the complete lack of customer service skills.
3	Appetizer -seafood platter for two, large enough for four.Entree - Salmon, very good, crispy skin and cooked perfectly.  Sides that come with it contained too much vinegar.Husbands entree - Steak, they do this very well.  Seasoned perfectly and tender enough to cut with a butter knife.Sides - Asparagus, nice but most good restaurants can do asparagus "nice".  Fingerling potatoes were inedible, way too much vinegar.Service - The star of the show.  They should be very proud of their employees.  They were impeccable.
4	Heritage Steak is a beautiful restaurant just off the casino floor in The Mirage. I dined here with a friend, and our service was excellent. Our waiter was very knowledgeable about the cooking style and the current menu offerings. I ordered the Spice-Roasted Lobster, and was very happy with the taste and preparation. The white polenta it was served on was full of flavor and complemented the spices of the lobster nicely. The entree was also accompanied by fennel and dark mixed salad greens. They remove the lobster tail and claw meat from the shell, you are not served the legs. My friend ordered the 14oz Grilled Ribeye, medium-rare, and there was plenty there for me to have a taste. The steak cut like a filet, and was one of the most tender and juiciest steaks I've ever tasted. For desert I ordered the Peanut Butter Semifreddo and my friend had 2 scoops of ice cream. The deserts are portioned for one, so there's not much there to share. Mine arrived as light, soft peanut butter bars on top of chocolate ice cream. I was happy with my desert choice, and it didn't leave me feeling guilty like I just had a huge piece of peanut butter pie. If your a fan of Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak at MGM and want to try something different, a wood grilled alternative style, then I recommend this restaurant. For the record, Craftsteak is my all-around favorite steakhouse on the Strip.
5	Amazing evening with great company and great food! This place did not disappoint!  Our service was outstanding!  James was very entertaining and endearing.  He described the food perfectly.  Our pallets awaited this amazing food and full flavors danced in our mouths! I could not decide what to order, so I ordered 2 skewer apps and the butter drawn lump snow crab! The scallop skewer was flam kissed to perfection with a wood taste to the sear. The flank steak was so flavorful. Both served with a spicy side salad. I had plenty of food and felt i was able to try exactly what i wanted for my first visit.... all under $80.The other ladies had amazing dishes as well. We ended up all sharing bites throughout the meal! So amazing.
4	My friends took me here for my bachelorette party. We were en route to the Boyz II men concert later that night so this was very convenient for us to eat at before the show.Lovely place. Delicious steaks, and good side portions. I believe I ordered a filet mignon and sides of creamed corn and spinach. Scrumptious, but not the best steak place  I've ever been. Close, though. As for wines, they have a great selection. Not bad. Pricing is good for the quality and class of the food. Not up to par with Gordon Ramsey's Steakhouse, or Mastros Beach, but getting there.May be back, but don't know when!
4	First time here since it opened.  The wait staff was really great, we had a great waiter who was extremely knowledgeable.  I spring for the Wagyu, which I'd never had before, and it was pretty great.  I tasted the filet as well and it was also great.All in all no complaints, great atmosphere, and a great replacement for its predecessor in the same location =).
4	We went here for my early birthday dinner. We didn't catch our scheduled reservation on time but they kept our table despite being 15 minutes late. The hostesses were pleasant and walked us to our table. Our server, Anthony was so fabulous and cute like a teddy bear with a beard. He addressed me by my first name and he was very attentive. I almost ordered a cocktail because of him. "It's my birthday. I deserve it. It's only going to be one drink" but self-control took over. I was already going to have red meat and dessert.Our server gave us some good suggestions and I wanted to try the octopus but nobody wanted to listen to us. We ordered an appetizer, steaks and dessert. Our food came out quickly since we notified Anthony that we were catching a show after dinner.Braised Pork Belly:Came with fried oysters, horseradish and tomato molasses. Fatty, tender and juicy chunk of pork. The sweet yet tangy tomato molasses cut out some of that fatty feel. The oysters were perfectly executed. 4/5Grilled Ribeye:With onion balsamic relish and wood-roasted onions. Don't be a princess and expect aged beef. There's more to life than aged anything. 4/5Tabasco-Pepper Kobe Skirt:10oz of spicy Kobe beef...and I mean, SPICY. Keep your drinks filled and, bread and sides within reach - you will need them! 3.5/5Natural Prime Filet:Came with new potatoes. My favorite cut of meat since I'm not a fan of fat unless it's on a pig. If a steakhouse has good filet, then I'm a fan because without the help of fat making a piece of meat tasty, what else do you have to offer to make it taste good? Mine was beautiful, tender, juicy, perfectly medium-rare and lightly seasoned with its natural juices on the plate. They use organic/natural beef meaning: no hormones, no antibiotics - a cow that isn't a freak show 4.5/5For our sides, we got asparagus and roasted mushrooms. I read about the Brussels sprouts on Vicky Q's review and I wanted to try it but they took it off the menu. The asparagus was very tasty. Some places give you a plate of boring blanched and unseasoned asparagus. This was not the case at Heritage. The mushrooms had variety: enoki, chantrelle, etc. and had a very good garlic flavor.Lemon Cupcake with Vanilla Bean Frosting:This was complimentary since I was celebrating my birthday. The cupcake was not dry and had a strong lemon flavor. The frosting had specks of vanilla bean.Sweet Corn Ricotta Fritters:With corn ice cream, blackberries and sweet n smokey creme fraiche. They were sweet and savory at the same time. The creme fraiche made it savory and mildly spicy while the ice cream and blackberries made it sweet. I loved how it's a somewhat unique dessert 4.5/5I liked this place. They made my early celebration special.
1	Service is the worst, food is alright, the general manager Amanda Osborne is ungodly awful. If you go there, pray that she isn't there and John isn't your waiter and you might be alright. Save your money for Joe's or Ruth Chris.
2	Wait staff and service was good.  My steak was excellent (Tabasco peppered Kobe flank). My friends duck was mediocre and the fat was not rendered. We didn't have time to wait for a fix so she just ate it.  The sides with it were good. The worst part of the experience was the fact that they charged $5 for hot water. 35 for mediocre duck and 40 for a steak.  I find charging for hot water ridiculous.
1	What a poor experience in the bar section.  Wait staff and bar staff were inattentive and snooty.  Apparently just coming in for the overpriced drinks doesn't excite them enough to serve properly.  Good thing I wasn't thirsty.  Guess I'll take my money elsewhere.
4	My wife and I tried the Heritage Steak for our anniversary before a late show at the Mirage.  I told our waitress Leslie this, and she was very accommodating.  She was one of my favorite waitresses ever.  She was very knowledgeable, friendly, and appreciated my bad jokes.   A big shout out to LeslieThe food was very unique and well prepared.   Many steakhouses don't have much imagination.  This is an exception.  My wife is a huge fan of pork belly, and the pork belly appetizer was enough for her dinner. It also came with fried oysters.  We had never had bone marrow before, so I ordered it.  It too was wonderful, and came with lobster.  It was so good I couldn't finish because my wife took it from me.The wine list was not extensive, but had a great variety and selection, and the prices were not outrageous.Leslie saw that I liked being adventurous in my selection and recommended the tabasco pepper skirt steak, which was worth trying.  Just enough spice to make it unique.  The side of mushrooms was fantastic, with a mushroom variety that I have NEVER  seen.Overall a big 2 thumbs up for this place
2	Having eaten often at CRAFT, I looked forward to eating at this restaurant. I found the room and the wait staff to be extremely pleasant. Our waiter was not only friendly but also very enthusiastic in describing what was on the menu. Our only disappointment was in the food itself. I had a ribeye steak that was all fat, no meat. What meat there was, was soft but tasteless. It was under seasoned. It was only made decent by adding steak sauce and a lot of salt. My friend's filet was tender but again under seasoned and flavorless. A third friend had the pork which was described as "amazing " by the waiter but was dry and not to his liking. The deserts were sort of childish. They were more like candy than the sophisticated deserts one would expect in a restaurant of this supposed caliber. Over priced and under whelmed. Stay away!
4	Went here before seeing LOVE at Mirage. Great ambiance, solid menu. Service was okay, not bad but just not over-the-top stellar. I was truly expecting to be served by career servers with in depth knowledge of the menu. Our server was nice but missed a few things here and there. As a table we ordered a little bit of everything. Started with the chilled seafood platter (amazing) also tried the fried oysters and pork belly. This dish was outstanding. Perfectly composed and prepared. Not a drip or crumb left on the plate. I had the ribeye cooked medium. Again perfectly prepared. Simple preparation with some roasted potatoes. A friend had the Kobe skirt steak, never expecting much from a skirt steak but holy crap! Amazing. Perfectly cooked again. So much flavor. They use a tobasco and pepper dry rub on it. Outstanding. All in all it was truly one of the best meals we've had in Vegas. Price point is a bit high but I did like that it drove away a lot of rif-raf and really the people eating here were all foodies looking to see what Chef Colicchio had done differently than Craftsteak.
5	We were here this past Friday night before the Daniel Tosh show and the food was amazing.  The steaks were cooked just as we had asked.  The only down side is the waiter barley checked to see how we were doing after taking our order.  Overall great steak and great atmosphere.
1	Terribly disappointed. Everything was over salted. No one finished their meals. One person from our party had the soup and ended up with food poisoning. Our bill was around $250. Its a shame because we took the leftovers in case we wanted to eat it later but after the bout of food poisoning we ended up throwing it all in the trash.
5	We were seeing a show at the Mirage and had never spent much time at this casino or the house restaurants.  We decided on Tom's based on a few reviews and we found a great place in the process.  The menu is not overdone, i.e. good selection but not so large that the kitchen is in mass production mode.  Recommend any of the steaks, my wife got the halibut from the restaurant week prefix, both were good portions and prepared exactly as we ordered.  Great selection of drinks and wines.  Some of their infused drinks were sublime.The toppper was the service, great staff who was very attentive and paid attention to the details.  Elisa, one of the managers took the time to check on us, find out what we liked and recommended some other restaurants for us to consider.  A classy move from a restaurant that knows they are good enough to bring people back, which we will do many times.
2	It's a great ambiance and vibe. However I had a terrible experience because of the service. The tables in the dining room are very close together where you feel like you are sharing a table with your neighbor and can hear all of their conversations. The waiter was not helpful with the dinner choice when we asked him as he pushed us to over order.   We ended up ordering the pork belly with fried oysters which was fabulous, bone marrow which was very salty, skewers, and charred octopus. The food was average as I expected a lot more.
5	Pricey? YES! worth it? YES.In addition to the Prime NY strip cooked perfectly MR, we ordered a 8oz A5 Wagyu strip to share as an app. One bite and it ruined any other steak I will ever eat again. having the chance to taste this marvel is equivalent to running and finishing a marathon, only a small percentage of the population will ever achieve it! if you are going to splurge and enjoy the best in life this is the place to do it. My only regret is I can't do it every week!Service is spectacular and sides are just as amazing as the cuts of meat.
4	My boyfriend and I visited The Heritage just before Labor Day weekend 2014.  Overall assessment: The Heritage yielded a great dining experience with an intimate setting, but the food was just GOOD not AMAZING. I would recommend The Heritage, but take it with a grain of salt.  The food tasted like what you would expect from the contestants on Top Chef, not the expert judging panel!Pros- Atmosphere is calm and inviting. Nestled behind a screen of trees in the atrium of the Mirage--you hardly know you're in a casino!- Staff is super friendly, respectful and extremely attentive.  My water glass was never less than half full.  You can tell you're in a fancy restaurant by how professional the staff is, and they knocked it out of the park.- Portions were perfect.  Some entrees come with sides, others do not.- Wood fire theme made the food taste simple yet delicious.- The dinner rolls...honestly one of the BEST parts of the meal.  - The arugula salad was perfect--peppery greens, creamy goat cheese and spiced pecans made for a classic rendition executed perfectly.- My boyfriend's steak was beautifully plated.  You could really taste the natural flavors of the beef (local) with the wood fire cooking method.  The side of mushrooms he ordered were some of the best mushrooms I've ever ate.- The Sauvignon blanc and Sauvignon red were some of the best wines we've had, and just $17 a glass.  Highly recommend those two.Cons- Lobster dish was a little dry, and needed some acidity.  When you pay $56 for a plate of lobster, you hope it would be perfectly seasoned.  However, needed a twist of lemon and a minute or two less in the oven.- Steak entree was good, but again, not spectacular as you would expect for a high price.Hope this helps!
4	So for our weekend in Vegas, other than the usual shenanigans, we wanted to have one nice meal at a respectable establishment. Doing some initial yelp research, I literally threw up my hands in trying to make sense of all the steak houses and fine dining places that are available in Vegas now. It seems as if almost every celebrity chef has a place on the strip. That being said, most of them were all tightly lumped together ratings-wise as well, making the choice a bit more difficult. So after spending the afternoon at the Mirage, playing pai gow poker and watching college football at their sportsbook, we decided a decision needed to be made. After a few exploratory calls around, we noticed that the Heritage looked like a cool place, so we decided to give it a try. Yes, proximity and the most endearing human trait, sloth, carried the day. That being said, we all really liked Heritage. We opted for a table in their bar area so we didn't have to wait long. Like all the other steakhouses and fine dining options, the restaurant is sleek and shiny, with a pretty badass wood-fired grill in the kitchen (seeing the flames from inside the casino was what initially piqued my interest).We had just gorged ourselves at Rollin' Smoke for lunch, I was a bit full on meats so I went with something different, two smaller dishes: the Charred Octopus and the Skirt Steak Soy Glazed Skewers. The charred octopus was aptly named as it had a delicious charred aftertaste from that wood-fired grill and the Steak skewers were on point as well. To go along with my unique choices, I chose to polish it off with a nice Old Rasputin Stout. A fifty dollar meal, which isn't bad (for the strip). So all in all, a pretty good dining option if you are in the area and like us, a bit too lazy and exhausted to go gallivanting around in search of a steakhouse amidst the largely homogenous selection now on the strip. Everyone else was pleased with their food and they have a pretty cool beer selection as well.
3	I organized a big corporate dinner and for the most part it went well. But for the main event, I would have to say the steaks were not very good. My table of 8 split between the ribeye and the filet. 6 out of 8 sent our steaks sent back due to: it was rare when it was requested medium, it was served cold,  or simply too fatty and not very pleasant to eat/look at. Good service, but poor food execution.  YOU'VE BEEN CHOPPED!
1	If I could give zero stars I would, the service was terrible they walked around looking like they didnt know what they were supposed to be doing. The food wasnt even that great. They asked us twice if we wanted wine and never came back to give it to us. Really disappointing
3	My girl is a coupon/Vegas points wizard and got us 30 bucks off at Tom Colicchio's Heritage Steak so we popped in for a light lunch getting the King crab roll and lobster hush puppies. If you like King crab and chunks of lobster in your hush puppy, and let's face it, who doesn't? Then I highly suggest you pop in. Not to mention the service is incredibly friendly and professional.The King crab roll was not too rich and it was surprisingly delicate with a good clump to shredded meat ratio. The sliced pickle and chive were a nice touch.When the hushpuppies were delivered the aroma of the lobster and corn meal wafted majestically over us, and that is the part of an eating experience that is not talked about enough. The smell. It is such an important part of the dining experience and this dish reminded me of that fact.It smelled almost better than it tasted.Down these little bad boys fast though as the moisture/heat dies down quickly and when it does, then so does a lot of its flavor. And BTW, awesome tartar sauce!I can't give four stars though as I did not order very much and I can't speak to it's dinner menu.
4	We started by having two appetizers a flank steak with black olives and garlic and made into a paste along with a balsamic salad which was quite good. The shrimp appetizer was also very tasty.  we had the New York strip steak which was phenomenal. The steak is cooked in a wood fire oven and you could taste the smoky flavor. Not the best steak I've ever had but it was cooked to perfection and as ordered.
1	Staying at Mirage so we decided to check this place out.  Great looking atmosphere, good menu but the hostess was ice cold.  Asked a question about the menu and was ignored.  The girl acted like she couldn't be bothered.  Wtf?  You're a hostess. Seriously.  So we moved on to Stack and had a great time. Asked around and a lot of people had the same experience.  Big fan of Top Chef and Tom Collochio but so disappointed in the cold reception.  I guess they're too cool for me so I'll take my money elsewhere.
1	I adore Tom Colicchio and was so excited to visit Vegas and get to eat at one of his restaurants.  With a few friends on Sunday, October 5th, I tried to visit this restaurant and unfortunately didn't even get to try the food.Not because the restaurant was busy, in fact we could have been seated right away, but because the hostess that night around 9:30pm was such a snot.She had more eyeliner than hospitality.Just an awful girl.Bad facial expressions.Really ugly tone to her voice.Rude demeanor.She acted like we weren't good enough to eat there, so we took our money to another, just as expensive celebrity chef restaurant.I'm bummed that I didn't get to eat here though, maybe I'll try one of his other locations on my next vacation.
4	We had a lovely dinner here last weekend. I had the octopus appetizer. It was wonderful. The server recommended the crab meat for the table, because it was coming in fresh and it only can be delivered that way a few weeks a year. Others had the grilled Caesar salad and shrimp cocktail to start. Everyone got steaks- ribeye, filet and I ordered the NY strip. This would have been a 5 star review except they served me a filet. The minute I said something, they whisked it away and prepared my steak. It was all handled appropriately. Everyone enjoyed their steaks and sides immensely. I would eat there again in Las Vegas.
1	we went down to Heritage Steakhouse at 10pm on Oct 2, because the front desk told us they close at 10:30. However, the restaurant host said they were already closed and then proceeded to put up some ropes. It was 10pm. I called Mirage management, but nothing was done. Unfortunately we had another problem at Heritage on Saturday Oct 4 around Noon. We politely asked that 1 tv be tuned to a football game. Nobody else was in the bar. The bartender said he did not know how to change the channel. He was an asian guy, somewhat tall. I found this unacceptable. Worse was his rude attitude and the way he handled it. I spoke to the manager, but she did not seem to do anything other than take 30 minutes to finally figure out how to change the channel.
1	Terrible service. We came here after our wedding with friends and family and waited for 30 minutes to have drink orders taken, another 30 to have food orders taken, an hour to receive food and an hour to be able to pay. At one point, no server acknowledged us for quite some time and my husband had to go inform a random waiter that we would like to pay and leave as we were exhausted. It took forever to pay and get out. I suppose their already added 18% gratuity took away all their desire to provide ANY level of service. Also, I thought the food was just ok, considering the hilarious price points.
1	We ate there last weekend and we were quite underwhelmed! The portion size is SUPER small and the price point is outrageous for what you actually get. My husband ordered the sea bass and all he got was two small pieces of sea bass for $46.00. No bread, no salad, no side. I ordered the halibut that was said to come with fingerling potatoes and the pile of potatoes was about the size of 5 small grapes. We spent well over $100 and left hungry. Serious waste of time and money!
4	The food here is clearly great but our experience fell a bit short. Our waiter left half way through our meal and a new waiter introduced himself and said he would be taking care of us, and dropped off our dessert menu, which is perfectly fine. The problem was after he dropped off the menus he forgot about us and we sat there with the menus for ten minutes, without him ever stopping by. All of th food was great, but my steak was ordered medium rare and came out clearly medium well, the taste was great but would have been nice to have a little red in it.
2	We sat in the lounge so understood it would be more casual. What we were not prepared for was the bad service. We had to ask for water more than once.  Our waitress was MIA most of the time in general. They lost our bill but said someone else accidentally paid it. In terms of food the octopus was really good. The steak was alright. I would not recommend as the food is overpriced considering the bad service.
4	I have eaten at many of the Las Vegas steakhouses and have to say I was impressed with Tom Colicchio's Heritage Steak.  I did come in with slightly tempered expectations having eaten at CraftSteak at the MGM hotel previously, but am glad to report that this dining experience was far superior to that at Craftsteak.We arrived at the restaurant a little past our reservation and with an additional guest, but the hostess quickly adjusted our reservation and directed us to the neatly decorated bar area, while she prepared our table.  Within 5 minutes we were sat and I will say that the dining area was very well designed with a cool mix of contemporary fixtures and furniture with the Mirage outdoor feel.  We started with a bottle of Prisoner Zinfendel blend, which was pretty impressive, and the Yellowtail and Pork Belly appetizers.  The yellowtail was tasty but small portioned,  as was the pork belly, which is slightly disappointing compared to other starters at major steakhouses in Vegas. Several indivudals ordered the pork and individual steaks as their main entree (all looked delictable), but myself and another enjoyed the 28 Day Dry aged Rib Eye.  Nothing too unique or special about the sear or cook, which is how I like my steak.  The taste was fantastic and very flavorful.  As most rib eyes are, it was a little fatty, but the portion filled myself and partner in crime up.  We shared several sides, favorite of which was the burssel sprouts and mushrooms.  The desert ordered was the gingerbread pudding which looked great, but I did not attempt to have another bite following the steak.  Service overall was great. Everyone was very attentive and several waitors/waitresses were happy to come over and check in on us while the main order taker was busy.  Overall, I enjoyed the experience and would recommend eating here if you have a chance.  While it is not in the upper echelon of steak houses in Vegas, the atmosphere is great and makes up for perhaps the lack in flavor and wow factor of the food.
2	Ate at the bar today. Was very looking forward to it but was not very impressed. 8oz soda, cold fries, spent $60 for 2 and not happy. Thought it would be better. For how much they get on the chefs on the show somebody was asleep in this kitchen.  The romane on my sliders was garbage.
4	Very delicious steakhouse. The boyfriend and I had dinner here to celebrate our anniversary and enjoyed the ambience, the cocktails, and especially the premium steaks. Our starter was indeed the octopus plate and we enjoyed every bit - it was a bit on the spicier side for those of you who do not prefer an extra kick. However, I did not mind whatsoever. Last bit qas thay our service was excellent and added to the luster.
5	You must try the beef brisket. We were walking through the Mirage tonight with no dinner reservations and saw this spot. I had the beef brisket and it was truly one of the best meals I've ever had. And this is coming from an extreme food snob! And the service was great too. Today is December 29th so everyone is starting to get here for NYE. We had to sit in the bar lounge since they were completely booked. The service was so great that it felt like it was a slow night AND the food was great. My sweetie had the NY steak and it was equally amazing. Much props to Heritage for running a 6 star restaurant and killin it in a holiday week! Thank you!
