5	Drive thru 24hrs. Lobby 5:30-10, fri and sat till 11. Open only 2 days so far. Everyone working here is in a good mood and very friendly.
3	I brought my kiddos here for opening day for free donuts! I was so excited for a Krispy Kreme to open up so close to us since the Mesa and Tempe locations closed. We got the original glazed of course and they were hot, fresh, and delicious! And we got a stack of free donut vouchers to return after Christmas.So we came back the other day. Meh. Donuts were cold and employees were pretty indifferent. Coffee is not good so don't bother. And parking is super tight. The bloom fell off the rose pretty quickly.I did notice there are people there with laptops so maybe there is free wifi? Also drive through is open 24 hours.I mean, it's a chain, what can you do.
1	First, the parking lot stinks.  There are about 8 spots, and it's not easy to navigate in a full size truck.  Second, we walked in and all the tables were filthy, but empty.  The place was dead. We stood at the counter for 10 minutes before we were acknowledged by the teenage worker.  I saw 4 other people in the back.  There was no greeting, no Welcome to Krispy Kreme.  We came on a free doughnut day, but there was no signage anywhere, so I asked the guy if they were participating.  He just said yeah.  So we got the doughnuts and checked out.  The guy didn't say anything, didn't thank us, nothing.  We sat and ate our doughnuts.  My kids wanted a cup of water, and they stood at the counter for several minutes and were not acknowledged.  So I went up and asked the same guy for 2 cups of water.  He looked around like he was lost or didn't know how.  Another guy came over and took over, but then the cups just sat on the counter.  So I asked if we were able to get them or not.  2 of the workers said something along the lines of "uh yeah in a minute".  So I said forget it and we walked out.  They were totally indifferent to us being there.  None of the workers looked me in the face, or said hello or acknowledged that I was a customer in their store.  Totally inattentive, didn't seem to care that they had customers in the store.  We had planned on buying a few dozen donuts to take home, but after this, nope, we weren't going to spend any money there.  And we won't be back.  Worst experience.I'll drive 30 extra minutes to go to the Superstition location, where they are much better.
2	This has got to be worst Krispy Kreme. The shift manager was yelling at customers because the top row of doughnuts were not for sale, and they had no others to sell. She also stated she "could't put more doughnuts out, because the more I put out, the faster they will go." What?! The coffee has always sucked here, and but don't bother asking for water. It's Chandler water straight from the tap. Both restrooms were out of paper towels. I guess I'll stick with the drive-thru because eating in was not a pleasant experience.
4	I've always loved Krispy Kreme glazed doughnuts,  but who doesn't? I was so excited to see one opened near my neighborhood,  I had been driving all the way to the Superstition Springs location for my glazed fix!   We stopped by on my way to my daughters school for a treat,  and this location didn't disappoint.   The glazed were still warm and the employee at the drive through greeted me with a smile.  I was the only one in the drive through line so I was in and out in about a minute.   The rest of their doughnuts have always been a little more average,  and the Apple Fritter I ordered was auctiually a little below. I liked the big chunks of fresh tasting apples,  but it was small and slightly doughy.   The drive through worker even acknowledged the size of the fritter with an apology and a 2nd fritter at no cost. Overall,  great service and  amazing glazed doughnuts so I'll be back.
4	Nice and friendly staff... very clean inside. Folks ... the parking lot is fine.. Went there number of times. Always fresh donuts.... Krispy Kreme are the best. Great location ..
1	This place seriously has the worst customer service ever!!! Waited in the drive thru for 30 mins after placing my order with only one car ahead of me! Then when I got to the window I had to repeat my order a grand total of 4 times to the girl working the window...who had some major attitude issues... Only to wait another 15 mins for 5 doughnuts only for them to get the order completely wrong!!! And the manager Erin had attitude when I went back through to get the correct order. As good as the doughnuts are I doubt I'll be coming back here anytime soon!!!
5	I have only done drive through. Never had a problem. I grew up never liking pastry,cake,ice cream,pie,chocolate. Yes, perhaps a freak. When Krispy Kreme came to town and I tried one,my taste buds sang for joy. Well, maybe it was a fat arse curse. But they still sang. Alas, I thought,I now liked doughnuts. When they pulled out of town. Someone at work brought in Bosa's then again dunkin donuts. What? DOUGHNUTS SUCK! I don't know what people like about fried cake but even the smell makes me Ill. Soooo Krispy Kreme back, me likey! These are not doughnuts. These are eatable crack fluffs! Yum!
4	Warm, freshly-made Krispy Kreme doughnuts are amazing.  From now on, I won't be going any where but this location because eating doughnuts from the store and not freshly-made does not compare.  We went around 9:30 pm on a Saturday night and it wasn't busy.  The service was very good and the store seemed to be pretty clean.
