3	For breakfast in QC, definitely not bad!  The omelets were pretty good. Mine had fresh, not frozen, spinach.  The cheese was on the inside rather than just on top.  I liked having the carafe of coffee left on the table.  The wait staff was obviously inexperienced but there were no errors in our order.  The tab was $26 before tip which I thought was very reasonable for 3 people.Pet peeve - at least 3 times we were referred to as "you guys" or some variation.  To all wait staff, please note that "you" is plural as well as singular and "guys" is just wrong for a mixed gender group.
3	Brand new! Nice addition to the Queen Creek area! Every time a new restaurant opens in Queen Creek, if you live here, you already know you are going to have to WAIT! It's new and everyone wants to try it, there are a lot of people out here, with little options. Besides the wait my family and I really enjoyed our breakfast together! Everyone was very friendly, each waitress and waiter helped the other as a team, which you don't see much in restaurants now a days. Each table is assigned one or two people and that is who takes care of you. Each person here had no problem going around helping the other out. We were taken care of by at least 6 people it was different, nice and everyone was on the ball. I ordered the Big Steak Omelet, it was full of flavor, fluffy.... taste buds went bananas! And needless to say there were pancakes.... Lots of pancakes! Delicious! Keep it up IHop ill be back soon!
2	It's terrible and its cheap.What else is there to say? Its IHOP, It's a wannabe Denny's.
1	If I can give 0 stars I would. This is got to be by far the worst IHOP restaurant in the history of all IHOP restaurants. Not only is the food bad and you think they could do breakfast correctly, yuk! And the service by the worst inexperienced staff ever!
4	This is the first time the service wasn't quite up to par. Do not get seated next to the door by the kitchen. It seems that, that booth gets passed over, week before another couple sat in the same booth & had the same problem. Usually our service is fabulous.  Service and food is very good, of course we've been there only during the beginning opening months. The truth will come once they have been open for awhile and we'll see how the service is!
3	The wait wasn't as bad as it looked.  Our server was very friendly, but she could've come around a little more often (I don't like when my glass sits empty for several minutes).  I ordered a faily simple sandwich, but it was delicious.  I'd go back for sure.
1	I'm revising my positive review for the IHOP in Queen Creek.  Our party of five had breakfast there this morning.  A group of 10 or so came in after us and got their meals at least 10 minutes before our food was served.  Then, 3 at our table got their meals and were halfway done eating before I got my omelet which was room temperature.  Clearly it had been sitting for some time.  (I did not complain because I was worried that they would take it to be reheated and it would be a long time to get it back.)  The manager came to the table to apologize to my husband who had not yet been brought his meal.  She said that the kitchen was swamped, his meal was being cooked and she would take the cost of it off our bill.  It finally arrived after two of our group were already done.  She gave him a coupon for a free meal, which was appropriate under the circumstances.I previously praised IHOP for preparing the omelets with the extra ingredients on the inside.  Evidently they no longer do this.  Two at our table ordered omelets and both had the extras piled on top rather than as a filling.We will go back to use the coupon for the free meal but if we experience service like this, we definitely won't go back.
3	I know its an IHOP . . . but being relatively new . . . Ii expected so much more.The stars breakdown as follows:    1 star for service . . .  our server was cheerful and very attentive    1 star for the appetizer . . . onion rings were hot and crispy even though you could tell they were the frozen variety    1 star for the beverage . . . the iced tea was fresh and tasty     0 star for food . . . while the chicken strips were warm, the waffles were cold, in fact the whipped butter didn't even melt.    0 star for ambiance . . . dirty tables and food debris on the carpet.Return trip is definitely not out of the question . . . but not my first choice.
1	Being a newly opened place i figured it would be pretty good, wrong!  We went on fathers day evening and were one of maybe 5 people in the whole place.  we got our food quick which was great, however being that they were not busy there should have been no rush to get it out to us and it was obvious it was rushed.  My daughters chicken fingers looked dried out and kinda gross but being 3 she didn't care.  My husbands eggs were cooked on way to high heat and had a gross crispiness sunny side up eggs shouldn't have and my soup of the day- which our waitress didn't even know what the days soup was- tasted worse then hospital food and the veggies in it were still a bit crunchy...  I left still hungry due to not wanting to finish what i ordered.  I usually love Ihop, but wow, Dennys it is next time!!!
1	Horrible! Food took forever! Forgot hash browns. Finally brought hash browns when I was done with my meal! Didn't get drink refills! Will not be back!
4	Just ate there about an hour ago and I'm pretty satisfied with my experience. It was obvious the place is relatively new and it stood better than average compared to the other ones I've been to. The food stood up to par. Their omelets we're good and the pancakes were on point today. The iced coffee tasted a bit old to me but that could just be my intense criticism on coffee (I mean, I don't expect them to have a starbucks in the kitchen or anything) so I couldn't complain really. My dad and I had a waiter named John (I think?) That guy came out with a smile every time he checked with us. That's something to really appreciate in service. He regularly checked with us and offered our drinks to go. Rarely does IHOP servers go out of their way to do that in my experience. Hope I get him next time I come back. Overall an IHOP is an IHOP. It's how it's delivered that I care about.
1	Will not return here agin. Called for a pickup order. Phone number was listed wrong so ended up being the wrong location that I placed the order with. When I walked in To pick up my order the lady at the counter looked at me like I was a moron and insisted that no order had been placed. She even had the audacity to ask me if someone "picked up the phone" when I made the call to the restaurant. Then on top of this all, no one apologized and I had to wait and still pay full price for a cold and lackluster meal. Lastly, as I was walking out I heard one of their wait staff say that this happened before last week! Oh btw the number is still listed wrong on apple maps. Really seems like they care though. Would not recommend this place to anyone.
2	It's IHOP.  I think it is an average IHOP.  The service is inconsistent, all of their staff seem like high school kids on the weekends, that can be ok, but generally they are a little awkeward and nervous.  The food is ok, again it's IHOP.  There is often a wait on weekends, and they seem to get a lot of business otherwise.  I wonder if these people realise there are a few better places for breakfast in QC.  They are always clean and food is consistent.  Refills on the special coffeees is inconsistent, some say they always refill, some say it is against the rules to refill, I think this comes with the inexperienced staff, but is frustrating if you want a refill.  Parking here is horendous in the mornigs on weekends.  It's IHOP.
4	Quick service and adequate food, plus open 24hrs.
4	I actually really like IHOP, I've previously given a really bad review for an IHOP that I went to on the ride to california from Arizona. This one however is local and I am pleased to say that my son and I enjoyed out experience. I'm very particular about my eggs, its a big deal to me. I know it may seem unimportant but I am allergic to a lot and I enjoy eggs when they are done correctly and the way I order them. I know that one persons idea of eggs being done correctly and someone elses idea of the same may differ greatly. But over cooked eggs taste like omlets to me and thats not a scrambled egg. I only order scrambled eggs while out because I am even MORE particular about my friend eggs. So I order soft scrambled and this normally is either half raw soup or ignored altogether not just cooked scrambled eggs that are still moist (I order the this way because I assume that everyone thinks of regular scrambled eggs as dry) I digress, the eggs were good, SCORE!The place was packed for lunch time on a Wednesday afternoon. I was surprised. They seemed short staffed but we were seated, given drinks, and served our food without long waits. Everything was presentable and hot, we didn't feel rushed, nor did we have to wonder where our waitress was to get a refill on a drink or ask for the check.My only gripe is small. The manager (or maybe it was supervisor) was really rude to one of the waitresses, my waitress actually. It looked like she was short her busboy and he was busy elsewhere, most of her tables had not been cleared and she was trying to keep up with that and her customers and he got snippy with her about people having to wait because she was doing someone elses job (who obviously was not doing their job, or she would have had clean tables)A manager/supervisor should be a leader. If he had critism he should have taken it up with her elsewhere, not in front of the customers.
3	I've visited this IHop a few times. I usually get the crepes, and so far I've been impressed. However, tonight my crepes were burnt, and my daughter's mac and cheese looked like it had been scraped from the bottom of the barrel. Her hashbrowns were burnt on top and soggy on bottom. The reason I'm giving 3 stars instead of just 1 is because even though the waitress did absolutely nothing when we complained about the food, the manager fixed the situation promptly. She didn't argue, didn't try to give us a free coupon for the next visit, she took care of the bill and apologized. Still very confused as to why the waitress literally asked us if everything was okay, we said no and tried to explain, and she said "okay, thanks! here's your bill!" and left us our tab. It was so weird. But, like I said, the manager was very nice (and professional). We'll give IHop another shot in the future... hopefully it's better.P.S. The iced coffee is terrible, but the mozzarella sticks are delicious. :)
4	I am changing this score from a 2 to 4 stars.  Wow, what a difference a few months make.  The IHOP is not brand new anymore and the hot spot for people in QC who have been acheing for a diner to open in town, or any restaraunt for that matter.  I think with the huge volume of customers and the huge staff they had to accomadate them, the management was able to see who were the keepers, and who to lay off when things got slow.  We have been there a few times lately and it is not overly crowded (you can find a parking space) and the remaining staff are outstanding.  It is still IHOP, and I can't see myself giving an IHOP 5 stars, but the service is much better now, and the experience also much much better.
2	Came here for the first time at about 2 in the morning after drinking all night. Nobody in the place, food was good, service was good. I guess I should stick to visiting at 2 in the morning. Stopped there today (Sunday) for breakfast. It was about quarter to 8, so I was expecting a slight wait seeing as how it's a Sunday morning. We get there and put our names in the list - 2 plus a high chair - and were told it would be about 10 to 15 minutes. No biggie. 20 minutes go by. They have sat ONE party since we got there. Tons of people waiting now. The hostess is just making up times... Party of 3? Okay that will be about 30-45 minutes. Party of 5? Huh, about 40 minutes. Then all of the sudden we are told that her manager won't let her seat anyone without permission. And the kitchen is backed up. And a guy came out looking for the manager cause they still hadn't ever seen their server. Time to leave. Watching from the parking lot, it was a mass exit from everyone else as well. I understand that you run into problems. However, nobody even came out to acknowledge what was going on - the manager was nowhere to be seen and the hostess seemed to have no clue how to handle it. Since we were never sat I can't review service or food. But front of the house was a disaster. I still give them 2 stars since I had no issues the last time. But get it together. Sheesh.
1	Terrible breakfast. I ordered for pickup and was told it would be ready in 30 mins. After arriving 35 mins later the food order had not even been put in!! After standing around for another 30 mins the food was finally given to me without so much as an apology. The staff even had the audacity to ask me if when I called that someone quote "picked up the phone." I will never eat here again.
4	Great food and our waitress Tammi was wonderful
5	The food was good. The service was excellent.  Our server was Maria. She did an outstanding job! Everything was great except for the lady in the dress sitting across from me with her legs crossed and her dress pulled up. It was very disturbing.  (See pic) Didn't she know others could see under her table?
5	Had a great time with my dad n bro, the waitress, Sierra, was fabulous,  she was in top of everything and offered so much assistance.  She was great, more than I can say for the cafe down the street.  This place is great, I will be back
