3	I have a pretty hard time getting antique merchants to take me seriously. They almost always assume I'm some little girl who wants some storybooks and not a serious collector who would pay $200+ for the right first edition Dr Seuss book if it presented itself. (So what? I'm a 24 year old who looks 13!)That was how it went down at this place. The guy actually laughed at me when I asked him to open the case to see his first editions. But that embarrassment aside, the variety was wide and I enjoyed walking around looking at how many different things they had. I really liked the section with all the rock memorabilia. Not just the Beatles like most stores but also Bob Dylan and other staples ;}
4	This place is more like a museum than an antique shop. There is definitely a fair amount of $7,000+ items in this place, which makes it a great place to look around, but a horrible place to shop. However, it if possible to find a decent priced item here or there.
1	-WEIRD antique store, like another Yelper posted - "it's more like a museum..."-LOTS Taxidermy animal heads (including a "pink" earless elephant head, which made me sad), creepy mannequins, and lots of interesting old antiquities, not just vintage things like you see at other antique malls.-Check out the back of the store - there is a "Last Supper" mannequin display (see my photo)...I was a little scared. Very CREEPY!-They also do live auctions...probably on the finer, upper-end antiques.-Very RUDE employees!!!! I won't get into details.-I'm surprised that this place is still in business.-OVERPRICED!-Convient parking - next door to another antique mall (SKIP this place and go to the Antique Trove next door).
1	Well I used to like this mall, however, they have "new" owners.The prior owner and manager turned out to be a real crook and stole revenue from many dealers. This all happened about a year - year and half ago. After a big fallout, nearly half the mall moved out. Enter the "new" owners, who I hear are from Texas? These people have tons of stuff, that apparently they have been selling out of state prior, most of it is from their own collections one could gather?  Slowly they have been staging their merchandise to look like individual collections and dealers for months. Over the past year what was left of the original dealers have since moved out, to other malls. The prices are higher than all the malls in Arizona. Perhaps they think they are in California? Santa Fe? They run an Auction service through the mall, but be careful, a good amount of the action items come from the floors and walls of the mall. They also have an Antique Store on eBay under the store name: Continental Collectibles and under the seller name of azantiquecentre. Just check out there eBay approval rating...OVER 500 NEGATIVE ratings from customers. It's almost unheard of to have a rating under 90% (their rating is 87%) on eBay without doing something wrong. Pretty sad if you ask me?  So this afternoon I venture into their store, I have not been in the place for 6-8 months prior. On my way out, I was "Detained" because they thought I had stolen a piece of art on July 1st. They had a blurry security camera photo that was kinda close but as I pointed out, without my reading glasses on, that there were MAJOR differences. But they called the Scottsdale police anyway. I'm 68 year old male and have never been arrested for anything in my life. I was shocked that they would not spend a few seconds comparing the photo with the person standing in front of them. After an hour of questioning and harassment the cops let me go. A bad experience in a bad Antique Mall that will remain bad as long as it's current owners and manger run it. If you don't think so, then just ask all of the former dealers that use to rent spaces from them. Currently I think there are maybe three or four left. 90% of that inventory comes from these "new" owners.
2	I really loved the Treasure Trove located right next door to this store but when we stepped into the Antique Center, I was kind digging the red hall entryway. It was different but after that the rest of the place resembled some kind of strange museum like another Yelper mentioned. I saw James Brown here, his dancing toy likeness that is. If you are into the sort of thing, they have plenty of tools to buy here. When we wandered into the back we ran into this creepy mannequin re-enactment of the last supper featuring man sized mannequins under an eerie florescent light. A little unsettling and I swear I could feel their eyes following me as I passed by. I noticed a lot of tribal items here in this store. That aside, as we went throughout the store everything had this dusty, attic type feel to it. Lots of taxidermic animals, some missing vital parts and some were very dusty. I kept finding weird mannequins throughout the store, I guess they were there to showcase the merchandise? There were no merchants there but we had a fellow come talk to us and the woman at the front was pretty friendly. We didn't leave with anything that day. I recommend Merchant Square instead.
3	Another fun place to browse.. Nothing like Midwest or east coast antique shops or malls, however this is about par for AZ Phoenix area. Some booths are better than others, some are ridiculously over priced. Don't expect to find any hidden gem though, think of it as a fun place to look.
4	Only went here once.  Really liked it.  Now, it's closed up tighter than a drum.  Yet another cool store that has now disappeared from the face of the planet. . .
