2	The decor is nice, the staff kind and attentive, but honestly the food leaves a lot to be desired. It's definitely below average for authentic Korean cuisine.
4	After flying in from California on the red-eye and working a full, long, horrbile day, I wanted to just grab some quick food and collapse on my nice king-sized hotel bed.  Pleasantly, I found Atti, instead of settling for Tim Hortons or any of the other cafe's on the block.I ordered the Bimbibap and , although it didn't come in a stone pot, it was magnificent.  The rice was crisp and the beef was satisfying.  The veggies were tasty and fresh, the side-dishes were very pleasing.  Sure it may not have been the most 'authentic' korean bbq but I have to rate it based off of how much I enjoyed the meal, thus 4stars  (more like 3.5 but who's counting?).
5	Entertaining and exciting when dining with a large group. The atmosphere is very modern and the pleasant staff round out the dining experience. The food was delicious and  is great to share in a large party. Fantastic!
4	Fantastic place...  Party of 9 and all of us (accept 1 - Summer - does not like Korean food) loved it...  As I am typing this, Quinn just said "what an awesome dinner"...  Service is good and you can push the "service" button as many times as you like :-) .. Service just gets better and better...   The chicken could be better though lots of bones.   All else was just awesome.
1	I love trying Korean restaurants but this place was unpleasant. Firstly, the waiter gave us attitude for deciding to adding more seats and people to our table. Why he was so grumpy? I don't know. Secondly, i ordered a noodle soup dish that looked and tasted like instant ramen. Is that even normal? I like instant ramen but i'm not paying 10-12 bucks for something that tastes like that.  My experience was really, just...unpleasant. Would not go back.
3	The food was OK and service was alright. I really like the ambiance and the interior decoration. I had the kimchi fried-rice and the portion was huge for a fair price.
3	We went there with a group of 20, and they were very insistent on us bringing cash to ensure that it would be less time consuming when it comes to paying them. Sure, we all went in with $20 cash. After we ordered, we waited for more than half an hour for our actual food. So I wouldn't suggest you coming in during lunch time. The waiters were very impatient with our group, telling us that other people were waiting for their food as well. The side dishes didn't come until several minutes before our main course, so that was disappointing. The food there wasn't spectacular. I have had food that was better, but for the price it offers and the location it is in, it's definitely one of the most convenient places to go to when you have a Korean food craving. Definitely try out their Kimchi jiggae though. It didn't have a lot of meat in it, but the flavouring was awesome!!!
3	Really I'd give it a 3 1/2I've been craving  bulgogi something fierce. I got the bulgogi over rice, it came with a delicious soup that was soothing for this Montreal weather. The portions are large! I barely put a dent in it! My boyfriend got the bulgogi with the vegetables, and boy did they offer a variety! Such a colorful and fresh looking meal. He had nothing negative to say about his plate. The place was partially under ground and very cozy once you got in. They were very good about making sure you always have water, but our waiter came off pushy... I think he just wanted to go home, because when we called to make a reservation he said no so we rushed over to get seats. Upon arrival, there was only a few taken tables. When I asked about the meals, he spoke very low and fast, so it was hard to follow. Aside from feeling like he did not want to serve us, it was a good experience.
4	Overall it was nice.  The restaurant area downstairs provided a nice, cozy and relatively quiet area to eat and talk.  the service was quick and the food decent.  i ate here for lunch, to the portion sizes for the price were good too.
4	This place proves that it's worth giving someone a second chance. The first time I went there for dinner, I ordered the oxtail soup, but it was so-so, and I dismissed Atti as just another fancy-looking Asian restaurant place downtown. Several months later, my colleagues found out that at lunchtime their menu is half price and they quickly started going there on a regular basis, after which they wouldn't stop gushing about how delicious the beef ribs were. That convinced me to go back, and since then I've been a fan! The beef ribs are indeed a winner. Sweet, tender and come in a generous portion! The complementary side dishes - there are usually three of them (kimchi, beansprouts and potatoes cooked in sweet sauce) are also very good.Nowadays I don't think the lunch time menu is half the price of the dinner menu, but it's still a good value for what you pay for. If I could give just one constructive criticism... there's this guy who's always there, a bit of an all rounder (maybe the manager, maybe the owner?), he's efficient and all, but could definitely use a smile. I know it's not just me. My colleagues have also commented the same. If you're going there for lunch, best to make a reservation as it's often full-house.
4	More like 4 1/2 stars. My husband is a huge fan of Korean food and as for me, not so much.  However, Atti did an amazing job! We were extremely happy with the various vegetarian (fish free) options Atti offered, which is not always easy to find at a Korean restaurant. Everything we order was delicious, and the staff was very friendly. My only complaint was that it took a while to get our food after ordering. Other than that, I was very pleased.
4	If you're in the McGill area then you should definitely check this place out especially if it's lunchtime as the prices here are cheaper then.   It can be crowded at lunch so it helps to have a reservation however you can also get it to go so that can be another option.   In my experience at dinner it tends to be less busy and they have a second section of the restaurant that they open up as well so for that time you generally don't need to reserve.I usually get the beef japchae which is a sweet potato noodle dish.  It's pretty good but I wish it would be more on the spicy side when I ask for it like that.  They also serve a kind of fish soup with it and a side dish which consists of a sampling of three different sides.  They tend to change up the sides from time to time but kimchi is usually one of the options.  I'm not a fan of the fish soup but the sides generally are pretty good.  For the price you can't go wrong with Atti.  In general main dishes are $10 around lunch time so it's only a tad more expensive than the food court factoring in tip and tax however it's far better quality-wise.
3	Heard about this Korean place and it's OK but I felt me and my friend were intruding in their space...All was fine but the speed and classiness of the service is not that great. Again, I really felt we bothered them... So good food,  clean resto but nothing to cross town if you're closer to another Korean resto in your sector...
3	When I first walked in, I questioned if I walked into the wrong place. It's gorgeous for a Korean restaurant. Its also dim, making it so romantic for couples. The food was also good...not spectacular though. I had pork bone soup and bbp. The downside was the cost. Its a little higher. But I guess if you prefer sitting in 360degree of  fanciness while devouring Korean food, then this is the place to go!By the way, there isn't really a lineup.
4	It's definitely one of the best Korean restaurant in montreal. I had the typical dish at this bibimbap recommended by my colleagues who had been there many times. I had the beef variant with atti sauce. The food was delicious. It is so fresh and the special atti sauce makes the difference. The food comes with soup, kimchi and salad. It was worth every penny. In the lunch hour don't miss out the drinks for $3. It's the only place where I find it so cheap. Cheap and "the best" Korean food.
4	What a pleasant surprise! I wasn't expecting much based on the exterior, and I should have known better than to judge a book by its cover. The inside of the restaurant was surprisingly beautiful and very well decorated. We arrived when the restaurant opened and were promptly seated at a nice corner table. The food was prompt and delicious. It was my first time there, so I ordered the Bulgolgi Deopbap so I could compare it with the Bulgolgi I've had in other restaurants. It wasn't the best I've ever had, but it was definitely very, very good. If you like more flavour and spice, I do recommend asking for it to be made spicy. My one complaint is that they only accept cash and credit cards...no debit. I wasn't prepared for that, but luckily my friend had a credit card. I would highly recommend this place for those attending McGill or working nearby who are on a budget, searching for a nice atmosphere and good food without the expensive price. It's a great casual date night spot. I will definitely be going back.
5	Definitely recommend this restaurant - it's elegant and very reasonably priced.I didn't go here with the boyfriend mentioned in previous posts because he's an idiot and I deserve better. Not that he wouldn't have loved Atti but homeboy took a hard pass on being in a relationship with me about four months ago so he can just continue to NOT go out to amazing restaurants with me for the rest of his life.But I digress. There is no Korean food in Vermont so I always try to get some when I vacation in bigger cities. Atti did not disappoint. My friend and I each had a steaming bowl of jigae soup which totally hit the spot since it's snowing outside and we are still hungover from last night. I had the kimchi jigae and she had the soy-based one. It took quite a while for our food to come out but was definitely worth the wait.Not very busy on Saturday night around 8pm.Jigae was about $13 each and comes with purple rice and banchan. Korean shrimp pancake was $6 for a very small portion. If you're not in any rush you should go here! Slow service and super spicy/hot food makes for a very leisurely paced meal that you will definitely enjoy. Especially if you go with your best friend instead of a loser boyfriend.
