3	I pass by this corner about once a week right about lunch time and while there are several interesting looking options on the Southwest corner they are hard to get in to traveling West.  I will on occasion stop at the Burger King on the Northwest corner.  A discount coupon popped up last week for this place and while I did not buy the coupon I took note of where it was and went looking for it today.The address places it on Indian School when in fact it is unit 1 in a meandering strip mall and it actually faces 43rd Ave.  Parking right in front is crowded so it is better to park in the big open area by Payless shoes and walk up.Getting there just after 11 the place was almost full and there was a steady stream of customers the whole time I was there.I got the Mexicana torta which had grilled steak, onions, bell pepper along with cheese and a generous amount of avocado. I also had the soup of the day which was mostly shredded, seasoned chicken in a broth.  Both were pretty good.  I washed those items down with a pretty good Horchata.  It helps to be able to count to 100 in Spanish here or you may miss when your number is called, the majority of the customers were Hispanic.  Everybody I dealt with was friendly.  They open at 8 for breakfast.  It seems they also offer baked goods for sale here.  Both the food and the location are good enough, I will be back to try out some other items.
5	We overheard a car salesman talking about this restaurant and it just so happened we were hungry for lunch.  He gave us directions and off we went on a lucky adventure.  It seemed like a run of the mill fast food place but NO it was not.  Clean as a whistle and very good service at the counter.  I felt like I was in Mexico and so I had to ask a lot of questions.  The tortas are amazing, fresh tortas made on premises and flavor of the shredded pork was so good.  The Tacos de Ribeye were delicious & my tostada was piled high with fresh avacado with a hint of citrus maybe lime squeezed on top. We also tried the empanadas for dessert...YUM!  Don't think Mexican when you go there think "Mexico"...Authentic Mexico!  Don't miss the salsa bar and if you can afford the calories have a fresh strawberries and cream milkshake.
2	This was my second time coming to this restaurant. It's close enough to my work so I hoping it would be my go to spot for Mexican food. But I will continue looking since it left a bad taste in my mouth. The first time I went I ordered the Burrotote (Big Burrito) it's a joke. its more of a large taco.  Besides the false advertisement its flavor was bland especially since it has iceberg lettuce. I gave them another chance since it's supposed to be known for their Tortas anyway. I ordered the cochinita pibil Torta. I ordered it but the problem was that I was left waiting for my food for 25 minutes and when I went and asked the cook for my sandwich he said someone else had taken it. I went up to the counter where I ordered and the lady at the front ignored me. So I walk back to the cook and asked him to make it to go. THe torta was good, I have to admit, but I was dissapointed by the whole experience. Hey if you want to take your chance at this restaurant go ahead but why do it since Reyes de la Torta is just south of the street from them.
5	Super good. Good ingredients. Great peppers, sauces, and pickled  onions for toppings. Fun atmosphere. Awesome!
4	By far my favorite place to have tortas. I usually get the Milanesa de Pollo torta, its chicken breast that is lightly breaded. They also have a great selection of "pan dulce" aka Mexican pastries. The Paquitostitos are also great if you are feeling adventourus.
4	Since I'd been hearing many good comments about this place we decided to give it a try. Let me tell you, we don't regret it at all!!  Place is clean (even bathrooms), servers and cooks are very helpful and friendly.  We had the Flautas Ahogadas (rolled tacos drown in tomato sauce), Twin Burritos(red and green shredded beef) and a Chilindrina. All of the food was so good!!  We also had Mango and Horchata Aguas Frescas and they were the bomb!! Can't wait to come back for some dessert since we end up with no space for it after our dinner.Restaurant didn't get 5 stars because is a bit over crowded, sitting area by kitchen was very hot and is not as big as it needs for all the clients they get. I think next time we'll take order to go. And I say next time because we're definitely coming back!! Overall was a good experience. I would recommend you try this place at least once. But I can assure you'll be back!!!
4	This place is a little fat Mexican girl's dream come true! They have yummy ribeye tacos, nachos, fresas con cream, paletas, pan dulce, thirst quenching agua frescas, even their darn soups are the bomb! Whether I'm stressed, bored, or need a treat...this place and its huge selection always deliver.Only con, place gets packed so you have to run to get an open table and clean it too; since staff is uber busy. :-/Dress: come as you are!
5	If your in the neighborhood, definitely worth the stop. Large , nice looking shop that serves excellent tortas,  baked goods, drinks and desserts. In my opinion several steps above your typical torta shop. You will not be disappointed.
