5	After hearing all the hype about bareMinerals makeup I finally went to go nose around and see what the deal was. I stopped in to the little shop in Fashion Square, drawn in by all of the pretty makeup and soft lighting of the shop (marketing at it's finest folks!) and ended up getting my makeup done. WOW. You really don't understand what a difference it makes until you look at your face before and after...crazy!!Kai was the girl doing my makeup, sweet girl who was really good at explaining everything about the makeup as she fixed my face. And as she did it, she explained the techniques so I could duplicate the look at home.Now granted, I will never reveal to my husband how much money I spent on this new face of mine...But I will tell you that it is worth every penny. The very next day, my clients were shocked by how much different I looked! Those compliments were enough to erase the dent in my wallet!!
5	Ok, so I have been using this line of make up for at least seven years now.  I really love the way it looks and feels and was so delighted to see that they had put a whole store full of their minerally, shimmery, powdery wares in the mall.   As soon as I walked in I was greeted by the friendly Michelle.  She asked me what I was looking for and I told her I needed some new brushes and maybe a few new eyeshadows...nothing too crazy.  She was very helpful, and never pushy.  I decided on the baby Kabuki for my new brush and then it was off to the huge round table of color!  I told her of my habit to steer towards browns and that I wanted something a little different...pink maybe? She showed me a really pretty color pink, that was just pink enough and not like I was going walk out of there looking like Barbie.  She showed me on her hand how it would look with and without the eyelid primer.  I preferred it with, and then she showed me on my eyelids.  I preferred very much, so we threw that in the bag, too.  Also, we picked out a shadow brush (she was super helpful, people!! Explaining both brushes for eyeshadow, how they differed and what they would work best for).  Then we moved on to skin care...I'm pretty loyal to my natural brand that I buy from Sprouts, but I told her I needed an exfoliator.  She showed me a rice protein-based powder.  It had not sulfates or parabens, all natural and nice.  So, I got that, too!  Basically, this was a perfect shopping experience from start to finish.  Michelle was there for me when I needed her, but she wasn't trying to get me to buy everything in the store.  I feel good about my purchases and because of my great experience today, I will be back!!
5	I've been using mineral makeup for a couple years now and Bare Escentuals is the best in my experience. You can order their stuff online as well and it's free shipping after a certain amount, but I like being able to ask questions and compare things side by side before I buy, and the salesgirls are always really helpful with that. Once I find a product I'm loyal to, then I do the online thing. This stuff just feels much better on your skin and doesn't clog your pores. It seems like an initially pricey investment when you're first getting started, but mineral make-up keeps much better and I can use less of it to achieve the effects I want.
5	This location is amazing! I cannot say enough good things! Come for Marcos; he is phenomenal with the makeup. He really knows his stuff and provides exceptional customer service. Whether you're going in for one item or a full makeover, he's your man!
5	I am really sensitive to make up and I went in here a little apprehensive.  Sales people didn't try to eat me alive.  Sarah helped me pick up shadows and made sure I knew how to recreate the look. She was not turned off when I told her I was sensitive to make up - she helped me even though she might not get a sale. She made sure I got the best deal and was comfortable with my purchase.  She also had this amazing way of greeting new customers while she helped me without making any one feel ignored. Which, if you take into account it was Black Friday was pretty incredible!  The product is pretty awesome and great for sensitive eyes.  The mascara may not work great for everyone but the eyeshadow is pretty awesome!
