1	i will never understand this place.  the ice cream is horrible and yet there is a ready supply of college kids waiting to eat it.  the gimmick of watching someone add the bling to your ice cream seems to overshadow the actual taste of the end result.  i guess if you add enough accessories nobody will notice that the binding agent is worse than generic ice cream served in the dormitory cafeterias.  oh, i just figured it out, i get it now.
4	I've always had luck with every single thing I ordered at this place. First of all, let me just say this: Cake Batter Ice Cream = Best Invention Ever. If you think it's too sweet, you're probably right but then you can just get the fat free ice cream or the sorbet which are equally amazing. Then of course you can mix it with about a thousand different ingredients. Or you can just get an ice cream cake, becuase those are delightful as well.The two things I don't like would have to be the whole Cold Stone concept... umm, the ice cream just came out of the freezer, why does it need to sit on a chilly rock to be good? Secondly, I never want to tip you people because I hate hearing corny songs being shouted at me. No gracias.
1	I took my friends here for a treat because they helped me move and then BLECH. I was disgusted with both the ice cream and the flavorless, waxy chocolate-dipped cone that it came in.Other ice cream options: - Marble Slab Creamery in Savoy- gelato from bacaro's cart in downtown Champaign- Baskin Robbins- Strawberry Fields for organic or vegan ice cream in interesting flavors, other grocery and convenience stores
1	Screw off Cold Stone.  It's places like you that suck the character out of Champaign-Urbana.  Sure, it reminds people of being back home in the Chicago suburbs, but that's not what Chambana life is about.I'm saddened by the classes that will go through UIUC, eating your ice cream and not even having heard of Jarling's Custard Cup.  Can you please go out of business?The ice cream isn't bad, I'll admit.  But it's damn expensive.  Oh, and soulless.
2	This place is not that great. Living in Austin, Texas has taught me to appreciate good local places. The ice cream itself doesn't taste all that bad. But it does take forever to get it because the employees have to mix in the ingredients and all that. And I bet they think their size options are clever. Like it, Love it and Gotta Have It? Stupid. Seriously. Why can't I just order a small ice cream without having to be corrected that it's actually called a "like it"? Reminds me of the Seinfeld episode where Elaine tries to order popcorn in the movie theater and the sizes start at medium, not small. And the prices are just absolutely ludicrous. I began refusing to go there based solely on this fact. I've considered going to the ones in Austin if I have a coupon, but it just doesn't beat the local custard or self-serve fro yo places down here. And the singing is really, really annoying and incredibly awkward. I imagine the employees hate it just as much though. Take my advice. Go to Custard Cup instead!
3	Okay, I see a lot of bad reviews about Cold Stone on here, so I'm here to redeem Cold Stone Creamery.Their prices are ridiculous, I don't understand why it has to cost so much.Their brownie sundaes here are terrible, just terrible. It tastes thrown together as if they're carelessly throwing the ingredients in it together (oh wait...they do)I would never get a cone or a scoop from here...too expensive for something not that great.HOWEVER...Their milkshakes are delicious. This is the only milkshake I would consume without whipped cream on top.And I've never tried their cakes, but they look good and I'm giving stars for the cakes looking good as well.So, if you go to Cold Stone, go for the milshakes and cakes.
5	Great!  Ice cream is delicious and you can have it any way you want!!  It is a bit pricey, but totally worth it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    They have a prize wheel where you win things.  I got a free waffle bowl!Good location, I like to go there after my exams.   The employees are always so happy too
1	Cold Stone Creamery is one of the most over priced, dishonest stores in the area. Their ice cream is sugary and without any other flavor. In the 3 times that I have tried it (always lured in by one of their ads), the fruit has actually been SPOILED. Their ads are always lies. They have daily specials, but when you try to claim the discount when you check out, the employee refuses to give you the discount. He said that the owner told him to not give any discounts on their daily specials. When I asked why they still have the sign up (which was right in front of us and on the door to the store), he said, "well, we want people to come in and get ice cream". I left having to pay full price and discovered that the strawberry mix-in was spoiled when I got to my car. Another time I was given a coupon for a "free Cold Stone creation". I ordered my creation and then when I presented the coupon, I was told that the owner (again!) said not to take those coupons. I pointed out that it came directly from corporate and even had the addressed envelope it came in and the employee said that I had printed it myself. I pointed out that the coupon has HOLOGRAPHIC letters on it and that there is no way to print out something like that and he told me, "maybe you have a good printer". The employee said that I had to pay full price for my ice cream and that if I did not, he would call the police. I paided full price (again!) for the ice cream and tasted it before I left. The blueberries were clearly spoiled and I told this to the clerk. He refused to remake the ice cream with something that wasn't spoiled unless I paid full price for another ice cream.On the third and final time that I was there, the owner himself was in the store. I told him about the issues that I had during my previous visits and he seemed rather disinterested. When I checked out, I used on of the $1 off coupons that Cold Stone has printed in the Campus Coupons coupon books for many years. The owner said that they would not take that coupon anymore. I pointed out that they had published this EXACT same coupon for years (and they still do, even today) and he just shrugged. I asked him if he would honor the daily special which should have covered the item I bought and he said no even though the sign was still hanging there a year after the time I was told that they don't honor the daily special prices. I had to paid full price for the ice cream yet again. As I left, the owner told me to not come back if I was going to try to get a discount (as if I had done something wrong!). I tried my ice cream in the car, and guess what? The raspberries were spoiled.It's a year since I've gone to the store, but I still see their daily specials advertised and they still publish the exact same coupons that they refused to accept in the Campus Coupons coupon book. Something is wrong with this store and this owner.
4	The ice cream wasn't anything special but I did tip the shaggy hair kid i think his name was DOM so he sang me a song with his co-workers.  His voice was a combination of Fergie and Jesus, glorious!
2	Ah, Cold Stone. Here's what I like about Cold Stone:1. Gummy bears in ice cream. Yes.2. I like spinning the wheel. Here's what I hate about Cold Stone:1. PRICE. Jeeeeesus. They must make so much money off of the UIUC students. I've never seen the Green Street location totally empty. There's always SOMEONE there, it seems. One 'love it,' one 'gotta have it,' one mix-in each = 8.57!2. If you tip a dollar, they will sing. Please don't sing. I will pay you a dollar to NOT sing, ever. I want someone who will put gummy bears in ice cream, throw it in a bowl, and take my money. I always feel bad for the employees when they sing. Some of them get into it, which is fine, but you can tell other employees are just doing it out of corporate policy, which is just plain depressing.Cold Stone isn't bad ice cream, per se, and the location is convenient for students. But here's my personal opinion: Go to Jarlings and just get a snowstorm. It's cheaper, faster, and tastier. Now, if I could only convince Jarlings to add gummy bears to their menu... Nah, scratch that, I'd end up putting on 50 custard-pounds before the end of summer.
3	Its another Cold Stone...good ice cream, yummy mix-ins, pricey treats.  Sometimes the staff at this location lacks the pizzaz of other places, but I still like this place for the occasional sin.
4	I'm surprised by the bad reviews of this place, but my experiences there this summer have been good, and just as good as other alternatives like Cocomero or Jarlings.  I will agree that prices are expensive, but in all honesty, I don't feel they are too off from the norm from surrounding areas.  I don't have exact numbers, but two small signature creations at Cold Stone cost about $10.  2 small fro-yos from cocomero cost about $10.  Two small snowstorms from Jarlings cost about $8.50.  Ice cream has gotten damn expensive, but at the very least I feel Coldstone is worth it.I've only gone a few times, but every time I went, I did not run into the issues I see in the reviews here.  The ice cream in my opinion is very rich and tasty.  Fruit has never been spoiled.  I've been able to spin the wheel and get the discount.  The signature creations are such a medley of deliciousness I never get sick of them, and the small goes a long way, especially if you get their sweet cinnamin-y waffle bowls/cones.  Never found a need to get a medium or large size (think they call it "love it" for medium, and "gotta have it" for large)  Only other downside I can think of is that the wait is sometimes ridiculous.  This location is ALWAYS packed.  I once had to wait nearly a half hour in line, and I feel it takes employees a long time to actually make the ice cream.  Otherwise though, I think I like the ice cream at this place more than any other place in town, including Jarlings.
4	I am a big berries fan, and "Berry Berry Berry Good" at Cold Stone is very very very good!!! Love the ice cream texture!
3	The ice cream was excellent, and very rich. However, it was a bit overpriced ($6 for my cheesecake delight). Parking could also be an issue in downtown Champaign, but we walked so we didn't have to worry about that.
4	One question: Why such low stars for this place?!?!?First of all, they had great flavor options: all the classics (cake batter, chocolate, mint, coffee) plus some! (salted caramel, dark chocolate peppermint..)And in my experience, the guy working there gave us a HEFTY portion!! Much appreciated, kind sir. Only thing I can complain about is their lack of seating...they really only have like one, maybe two tables (each with two chairs), in my recollection. So what?? You stand! It's the least you can do to reverse the effects of the rich deliciousness that you're shovelling into your mouth!Lack of seating aside, I very much enjoyed this Cold Stone. Never disappoints!
5	yes it's expensive but I love it!!!my cousin had a gift card but for some odd reason it would not work after numerous times trying, so the very, very, very HOT guy (can't remember his name at the moment, sorry!!) gave us free ice cream. I'll probably only go back because of him lolTHANK YOU AGAIN (name starts with a C). Not only did he make my day but he made my little cousins day. =)
2	They have mediocre milkshakes for big bucks. I've been on two occasions. I ordered a strawberry and banana milkshake and a cake n' shake milkshake, and have taste other people's orders.There is NOTHING special about their milkshakes or ice cream. Same taste as most other places for double the price. Nothing special about the atmosphere, and the singing is really awkward rather than funny or cute.
1	This place is a joke. I admit my daughter & husband wanted to try it again for the shark week themed ice cream but that was a big fat no! They refused my cisaves app mobile redemption due to the fact they only accept print outs! Called to complain to the manager who sounded way to young to be manager said well that's what corporate said is that we can only take print outs. Even though they accept campus apps and has their logo on the door! Prints out are a waste of time & paper. And a waste of gas to drive to campus town. Good thing I left there and spent my money well worth it Jarling.
1	This is my 2nd time ordering the cake from this store, also it is my final time cause I will not do that again! Today I went to pick up my order, I found that they forgot to put the topper, I brought it back and hope they can fix it, however the women behind the counter totally didn't care about it and claimed that the cake should have been finished without topper, what she saying is ridiculous and I was disappointed by her attitude, since the picture shows exactly the cake is decorated with some kind of topper.
1	All I can say is RUDE. The customer service is non existent. I was one of two people in the place at 7:30 (they close at 9) and they refused to make a shake. They seemed mad that I even asked. This is after not greeting us for a few minutes while we stood there. Just awful.
1	This store is ridiculous! I ordered a cake like two weeks ago! But when I went to pick up, they told me they don't have it! I don't understand, how could a store do things like this! No wonder I never see other customers in store.
