3	Better Ingredients. Better pizza. The Papa John's motto...I think they largely succeed in building a pretty good national standard for pizza pie at low prices ($9 and large on mondays). I ordered online and 15 minutes later when I arrived at the store, it was waiting, nice and hot. The only knock is standard baking (I think there was an option to change this with online ordering) of the original crust is still pretty floppy. I like my pizza crust a little crispy personally.The other thing that irritates me is that online and in store promotions are often different. This location offer (with a sign outside) $10 any large with up to 3 toppings often (maybe always in the months I have been driving by) which is generally better than online ordering (you have to call it in to get that price or order instore). Of course today I received a national email promotion for any large (unlimited toppings) for $9 on mondays for a limited time which is better than the in store deal.I love the garlic butter dipping sauce that they include in the box. It makes Papa John's the only pizza where I eat the edge crust. The pepper is a nice touch too.
3	An ok Pizza place that tends to be a little expensive considering the quality. But the upside of Papa Johns Pizza is that you know exactly what you are getting.
2	Maybe they use fresh ingredients but their crust sucks. It's too fluffy as pizza crust. I only get their pizza when I receive coupon code.
2	I love Papa John's but just not at this location.Like the others have said, the "crust" is too fluffy and not crispy. I normally look forward to dipping the crust in the garlic sauce, but didn't bother this time. So very disappointed with this place.
4	Great! The only pizza place I order from. I usually pick up but when I'm at work, ill get delivery and they're so fast and friendly!! And not to mention the pizza is delicious!
1	Valentina's Day promotion: heart-shaped pizza. Valentine's Day pizza picked up: wrong crust, lukewarm. Very NOT heart-shaped. Think you can romance a lady with a cheesy (HA!) V-Day treat? NOPE. Thanks for the blue balls, PJ's.
