2	First time trying this place. It's very overpriced in my opinion. I could've bought all the ingredients for $7 and made this sandwich myself and had enough ingredients for a week. That said, it was pretty tasty. I got the turkey with Brie and apricot mustard on binoche. $7 for such a small sandwich. I may go back to try other things as they have some good looking desserts.
3	Au Bon Pain is located very close to my workplace, so I drop by for lunch pretty frequently. Though overpriced (priced similarly to Panera without the quantity or quality), I like that I can get there without going outside, which is perfect for a rainy or snowy day. I recommend their Egg and Cheese breakfast sandwiches or the Chicken Caesar wrap. I feel like these two items are better values for the money than some other things on the menu. Also, make sure to try their Peach Sweet Tea. Sooo good! I don't want to know how much sugar they put in it though!
3	I had a breakfast meeting at Au Bon Pain. There are several things to like about this place. First, it is easily accessible from the highway. It's also located conveniently around a lot of public parking. The food was good and they had some nice healthy options.A couple of things to note. Perhaps it's only me, but I found the building to be a bit on the warm side. I was in suit and it was rather uncomfortable. The prices weren't as outrageous as I thought they would be based on other reviews, but they are a little on the steep side.All and all, if you're looking for a quick cup of coffee or breakfast in downtown this isn't a bad place to check out.
5	I work at a local hotel in the downtown PGH area. I had a guest who had a special occasion  for a dozen fresh chocolate chip cookies. When I first called the 5th street location on Smithfield and asked them they told me they were out of cookies for the day (it's a freaking bakery). When I called MIKE at the 301 Grant St. location he offered to bake us fresh cookies. My guest was very happy with this service as was I. Yay!
4	I came down with a cold over the weekend which resulted in an unwanted 3 day weekend. I ended up coming back to work Tuesday but still didn't feel top-notch. By lunch time, all i wanted was some good ol' soup. Since I work nearby the Oxford Center, I decided on Au Bon Pain.The were advertising a half sandwich or wrap + small soup for $6.99. I asked the cashier, Tess, what this consisted of and she mentioned everything but breakfast sandwiches. I also asked if there happen to be anymore Chicken Dumpling soup because it looked great but was nearly empty. Tess ran back to take look while I ordered my sandwich (Turkey Cubano- yum!) She came back and said that it was the last of the chicken dumpling, but she would kindly take it to the back and put it in a bowl for me since it wasn't possible with a giant ladle. She came not too much later and said that her boss offered the soup for free since I had to wait (it wasn't even long) ! I told her 3 times she didn't have to do that, but she insisted! My turkey cubano sandwich was delicious and the soup helped me feel better. Amazing customer service as well especially during a lunch rush!
