4	My friend and I stayed at the NRH for three nights during the Jazz Festival.  It was pretty easy to get to.  We took the 747 from the airport and got off at Stop #7 and walked 15 minutes up Bleury (which turns into Parc).  On future days, we used the 80 which runs up and down Parc (good for getting up to Fairmount Bagel).  You are roughly three blocks south of Parc-Royal.I made my reservations via fax and received an email confirmation within 12 hours.  We stopped at the front desk and check-in was a simple process.  We were given info on the wifi (which worked very well), and breakfast.  We took the elevator up to the 10th floor and found our room at the end of the hallway.  The room was modestly decorated in a classic dormitory style.  That is to say, two of everything - beds, desks, dresser, and shelves.  I thought the room was decent for the price we paid.  Towels were solid, toiletries were by Bath & Body Works.  TV was small, but manageable.  If there was one disappointment, it was that the A/C was a little lacking.  Not a big deal, but it meant I didn't need the comforter.As mentioned, the location is great.  You've got restaurants all around you, a grocery store a couple of blocks away, and Saint Laurent is three blocks east.  The 80 bus stops outside the NRH, and McGill University is just a block up.Keep your expectations modest, and I think you'll be pleased.  Friendly staff and a great location make this a spot worth considering.
2	Convenient location, comfy beds and moderate price. However, the room was poorly maintained with a leaky sink (puddle all over the floor), slow/non-draining tub and curtains that didn't close fully.  Staff was not particularly receptive or friendly.The complimentary breakfast was sub par.  A huge wait two mornings (so we skipped it once), and the food was not fresh and presented in a haphazard way.  Better to not provide breakfast at all.Likely would not stay here again.
3	I stayed here during a conference in the summer. Reservation and check in were easy and quick. I would give it 1 star for the price and another start for the location. I bumped it up a star since I didn't have to pay myself (reimbursements are the bombdiggity) and the hotel is literally across the street of the Park. The hotel is pretty run down but the beds are comfy. My toilet required a lot of yelling to flush halfway properly, and the internet room provides you with speeds that could take a lesson from dial up. The wi fi you get in your room is solid, however, if you have an issue I would recommend trying to fix it yourself as they don't have anything at the front desk: no help, no clue, no corkscrew or bottle opener you could borrow. The staff is friendly but doesn't really give a shit.
4	I didn't know what to expect at a "dorm", but I am extremely impressed with this place. First, the front desk was friendly and very helpful. As far as the rooms, the beds were very comfortable. I stayed there for three days and the cleaning staff kept on top of everything. There was enough space to put clothes, as well as enough room to get around. I had a corner unit, which was nice because if afforded some privacy with the other person that I was with. Therefore, I highly recommend that if someone reserves a room here, they should ask for a corner room. Also, make sure to get your AAA discount, and I recommend paying through the residence itself. The location is right on Parc, so close to McGill and good bus routes to other places downtown (though going to The Plateau is best by foot, and catch whatever buses there). The only issue that I have with this location is that there are no microwaves, yet there are mini-fridges. So, preparing your own meals is not easy. But with the exception of that one hiccup, the stay was great. Highly recommend if you are looking for a decently priced location in downtown Montreal.
