5	First time I ate at an Uncle Sam's I believe it was this one. The sub sandwiches are stacked and have always tasted fresh. If you order a sub you get fries with it and I often think the real reason I go is to get an order of these fries...shoestring style and salty deliciousness!There is seating in the back with mirrors on the walls and at lunch time it can be very busy. Sometimes it feels sketchy but the food is too good to even matter. I think there's an upstairs too but that has always been closed when I've been there.5 Stars for Uncle's!
5	Another Pittsburgh staple. Their cheesesteaks are fantastic, as are their fries (both potato and sweet potato). You order at the register and when your food is ready they bring it over to your table. The place itself is very low key and casual.
5	Hands down the best subs in the 'burgh. I know everyone says primantis, but if youre looking for taste and not hype, this is the spot. Checkout the cheesesteak.
4	In Pittsburgh, there are a ton of sub shops. This one however, is pretty good. They make pretty much all the "normal" subs with a couple of speciality subs too. The fries here are particularly good, especially the sweet potato fries. Service is pretty quick but if you go later at night, it tends to get pretty busy. Overall, can't go wrong here for lunch or dinner.
4	4.5 stars.Moving to Pittsburgh, everyone here says the place I gotta try first is Uncle Sam's.  Best in Pittsburgh and better than Philadelphia's.  ATM, I agree.First time there, I tried their ultimate(?) cheesesteak.  It has double the meat, mushrooms, bellpepers, onions, and so on.  We added an egg to the sub as well.   It was too darn good.  I love it.  I also love the fries and the bottle of cajun seasoning they let us dump onto the fries.Would be 5 stars if their dining area didn't look/feel dirty.  I'm not trying anything else on the menu until I get sick of these cheesesteaks.  But i'm going to agree with Pittsbooghers and say their philly cheesesteaks is the best I've tried so far.
4	After a 4 hour ride to Pittsburgh, I made it to my first Pittsburgh eatery in anticipation for a greasy unhealthy sandwich. After lukewarm to poor reviews of Primanti Bros., we opted to go to Uncle Sam's for lunch. I ordered an Italian sandwich that came with fries for $6.90. The bread was soft and chewy and the cold cuts were glistening from the toaster oven. Mixed with some standard sandwich fixings and thin cut fries, a great first meal to start the Pittsburgh weekend.
4	Uncle Sams is awesome. See my review of the Squirrel Hill location here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/uncle-sams-submarines-pittsburgh-2#hrid:0awQicUktjE9OTtI5GTkPQThis one is not quite a good as it's brother in Squirrel Hill.  Mainly because it is a bit more run down and no waffle fries.
5	Best place for cheesesteaks anywhere! Their fries are just right, too. The only thing is that they have a bunch of annoying rules (no refills, only take cash, you don't get fries when you get a sandwich to go) but the quality of their sandwiches makes up for all the trouble.
4	They do cheesesteaks really well here. I even prefer them to Peppi's. The steak is fresh and thinly sliced so it melts in your mouth. The lettuce is always fresh and added right before being brought out so it's not wilted. The bread is of good quality and is nice and chewy.Their fries are of the shoelace variety, thin and crispy and while they aren't my most preferred version of the French fry I still love them. They salt them for you and always put a good amount. Perfect when dipped in ketchup or some Frank's Red Hot. I also enjoy the mint that's hiding beneath your pile of complimentary fries.Wish they'd get rid of the "cash only" policy at most of their locations. Kind of outdated and only serves as an inconvenience. Also, what's with paying 50 cents for a refill? That stuff costs them like 5 cents, I wouldn't be surprised if a small cup holds about 1 penny's worth of coke syrup. Luckily, I ignore the sign and have never been challenged when going for a free refill.The service is fine, there's really nothing to it. Order and then have your food brought to you. I've yet to have a problem.
3	This place is a pretty good little sub shop. I split the cheese steak and buffalo chicken subs half and half with my girlfriend and both were pretty tasty. Their fries are quality as well and the prices are just right. This place is worth checking out.
5	Fries are AMAZING, and the steak and egg is pretty good.. a lot of food for the $$
5	Crazy delicious sandwich in close proximity to Pitt and Presby - if Real McCoy Sandwich Shop didn't exist, this place might win my heart for best cold sandwich in the city for their Italian Deluxe. Fresh meat sliced a little thicker than everywhere else, with fresh toppings and the right amount of mayo, all for a reasonable price. Every time I buy it I tell myself I'm only eating half and saving the rest, and every time I turn into a liar. The personal shame is so worth it.
4	Eat there for free fries!Best hangover cure since weed. "I did WHAT last night??"(b)
5	This is the best place I've been to in Pittsburgh for a cheese-steak or big sandwich. It's better than Primanti's, hands down. I have had buffalo chicken and cheese-steaks and both are delicious. The chicken is shaved like the beef is, which is a pretty cool approach. The steak is tender and all the toppings are delicious. The fries rock, although, I hear if you get take-out they don't include fries. So, I recommend eating there. The meat is good, the toppings rock, and the kicker is the bread. It might be the best bread I've had in Pittsburgh.
5	I used to come here pretty frequently in my college days and was happy to note that nothing's changed on a recent visit.Simple menu - cheesesteaks and their variants. I like the mushroom cheesesteak. Pretty big portions. Eat in so you can get free french fries! The interior is basic. I like that they have various pictures of Pittsburgh's past. One nice innovation over my college days is that they sortuv take credit. It's technically an ATM transaction (with a $1 fee) but at least you don't have to use straight cash homie.
4	Free chips when dine in!! They yaste so nice!!The cheesesteak is OK, as well as people there. The price is reasonable and I cannot finish one myself since so many staff there.
2	Uncle Sam's makes decent enough subs for Pittsburgh, but the raving people do about the cheesesteaks is mostly out of inexperience.  Southside Steaks makes a FAR superior cheesesteak, but that doesn't mean you can't get other good sandwiches at Uncle Sam's.  Just don't try to make it something it's not, and you'll be fine here.
5	100% best cheesesteaks in Pittsburgh (note: not Philly!). Order with mushrooms and grilled onions.  Eat in for for fab fries.
5	It may not be the most famous sandwich in town, but it's easily the best. From the cheesesteak, to hot Italian, to the veggie all are packed with high-quality ingredients at a reasonable price. Fries are free if you dine in. Takeout, fries cost extra but you get way more.
5	Ate here all the time at u of Pitt. Love it. Better than philly cheesesteaks and I lived near Philly for a few years. Don't walk run to uncle Sam's.
4	Excellent food for relatively cheap.  Simple interior and typical sandwich-shop atmosphere.  The wait time can get a little long during busy times, but well worth it!
5	Best bread in da burgh!  Many stillers frequent this place.
4	This is a spot where I highly recommend experimenting. I used to order the mushroom and caramelized cheesesteak every time. Once I decided to order a regular cheesesteak which comes with lettuce, tomatoes, and mayo. I forgot to specify that I didn't want mayo, but it turned out pretty good; so much so that a cheesesteak sandwich from Uncle Sam's is one of only two sandwiches in the world that I will accept mayo on.The other tip that I can offer is not to pay with a debit or credit card. Basically, you are charged a transaction fee from Sam's in addition to any fees that your bank may charge you.
4	I love these hot sandwiches. It is a big rtion that I can rarely finish in one sitting. If you eat in, you also get fries for free.The service is pretty quick, although they do get quite busy at lunch time. The sandwiches come out hot and to order. I usually get the Pittsburgh Cheesesteak with L,T,M,O and always enjoy it. They also offer adding an egg, which can be yummy.Highly recommend for a delicious hot sandwich at lunch or dinner.Negatives:- The restaurant itself looks kinda run-down from the furniture, to the floors, to the poor lighting. Although they seem to be going for an "old" look, it could really use a facelift.- They only take CASH. They have a ATM-like machine to get cash, but it will charge you for the transaction.- Wish they were open late!
1	Horrible customer service! The WORST i've experienced in a long time - in fact, I don't think I've EVER been treated with such disrespect. I asked a simple question about what the person ordered who was with me and the young ladies working glared and cut eyes at me - awful attitudes. My guess is the 2 girls working must be related to same because there is no way anyone with common business sense would hire such disrespectful workers with no clue about offering acceptable, good customer service.
5	Delicious. I ate here at least once a week while going to school. Big steak hoagie. It will fill you up. Get one and a side of fries. Then split it with your girl. I have been back since graduating and will continue to go back when in Oakland!
5	I love Uncle Sam's and have for over 10 years. One of the best sandwich shops in Pittsburgh, hands-down. I recommend the Hot Italian Sub with everything on it. :)
4	uncle sams is so great. their fries are so delicious and the subs are just sooooo large! the bread and fries are really what makes these subs. you feel like shit afterwards though.
5	This place is great, you get a lot of food for not too much moneyA word to the wise, BRING CASH! Their credit card machine charges $3 as a transaction fee and the cashier told me to just move along with it without explaining anything.If I have cash on hand I will definitely go here, a must do for all Pitt students
5	It baffles me that more Pitt students did not frequent Uncle Sam's. It is a great alternative to the overcrowded, overrated Primanti Brothers, and was my Dad and brother's favorite place to eat when they would visit me on campus. This was partially because if you eat in french fries are free!!!!Everything is yummy, but I recommend the steak and egg or a cheeseburger hoagie. Believe me, you will not be disappointed. If you are a fat kid at heart, like me, than order my personal favorite (creation) was getting the bacon cheeseburger hoagie and adding a fried egg - one stop hangover cure. Lastly, be prepared to nap after you eat here. IT IS A LOT OF FOOD!
4	I love to stop here before a basketball game!  Good, quick food and not nearly as crowded as Primantis.   Order at the counter and then they'll bring your meals to your table.  When you eat in, you get free fries with your sub.   One meal is huge, so I prefer to share but it's good enough to eat a whole!    And the bread is excellent.   I just wish they put hot sauce on every table as I'm usually searching it out in the dining area.Bring cash!!
2	While the food here is good, there are a number of reasons why I can't recommend it to my friends.The inside is cramped and aged and while I have no problems with hole in the wall style restaurants, this is not an excuse to have an unclean interior which looks like it hasn't been cared for in many years.  In addition to this the owners of this franchise look to nickel and dime you in every conceivable way including charging for tap water, charging for soda refills, and charging you $3 if you want to use a debit card.  Not only this, but if you want to get your sandwich to go they'll charge you extra for fries, which are normally included as a side if you eat in.  A typical sandwich will run you about $8 with no drink.One time while I stood in line waiting for a sandwich, the man who appeared to be the owner started complaining to his employees that whoever cut the portobello mushrooms that day had made them too thick, which was "costing him money."Nothing puts a bad taste in your mouth like getting ripped off.
4	Great subs (the hot italian - get it), if you eat in, you get a boat load of fries, add some of that cajun seasoning, and you are good to go. Decently priced, quick lunch around the oakland area. I try to stop by once every few months when I have to be around oakland during lunch time.
1	You ever work back of the house at a suburban chain restaurant? Picture that disgusting dish rack. The greasy ass floors. You crawl out like a slug at the end of your slimy shift.That's this place.It might be the setup--kitchen at the front and clogged lunch line blocking the door. It could be the low ceilings and wobbly cafeteria tables. It's possibly the abundance of grimy college kids taking a study break. No offense college kids, but your grimier activities elsewhere leave you thinking this is a safe haven. It's not.The sandwiches are not good enough to justify how dirty you feel when you leave. So order to go? They take away your fries.Bottom line: avoid this place. Spend an extra 20 minutes and catch the 61C towards the cleaner location in squirrel hill.
1	This place is not good. Maybe it was in the 80's but not today. Actually, the number of positive reviews for this dump is astounding. The sandwiches are tasteless, which is amazing given how greasy they are. And the bread is nasty. It's frozen, go there around 9pm to watch then pound it against the counter to break it apart. It's also super old looking, but not in that retro cool sort of way. More like that old run-down-dump sort of way. Do yourself a favor and go next door or across the street for some decent food.
2	I have been here twice. Sandwiches are big, but very greasy. The place feels dirty and the sandwiches basically just taste like grease and cheap bread. Last time I ate there, I got very ill and puked about an hour later. Don't get me wrong, I don't think that is typical, but it is enough to make me not want to eat there ever again. Given the choice between this and Primantis, i'd pick Primantis.
3	I think it'd be easier to do a pro/con; Plus I've never done a review this way beforePros*-juicy, plump yummy cheesesteaks-free fries if you dine in-decent price for the amount of food you get, esp with the free fries deal.Cons;-needs a good scrubbing everywhere-sometimes hard to find a clean table.-SMILE counter girl. No need to be stuck up -the card/atm system. (although it's better than cash only I suppose)-my cheesesteak on Sunday had wet, soggy tasetless lettuce; not fresh & crisp
2	The cheesesteak was edible. The service was grumpy. This is Oakland we're talking about, so no surprises there. I give it 2 greasy stale buns out of 5.
2	Maybe more of a college food shop. Cheesesteak was average.  Probably should have got the fries folks were raving about.  Should have gotten fountain soda as bottles were warm. Maybe next time i'll get the italian sub as it looked good.
4	Oakland staple for many many years. The original Uncle Sam worked the grill for many years. This place is a don't miss place if your in Pittsburgh. The boys have kept the awesome tradition going very nicely.  Uncle Sam special is my fav. But you can't go wrong anywhere. Fries always cooked to perfection. It's a no frills place. And always busy. So yeah maybe a little crabby but hey it's Pittsburgh. You take the crab with the good.
4	Don't expect to be feeling good about yourself after a trip to Uncle Sams. This is the epitome of Pittsburgh fare. A true hole in the wall with questionable hygiene standards. Nevertheless, the food is actually quite good...much better than the Oakland branch of Primanti Bros across the street. They give you a ton of food here with just the right amount of grease. Steak is grilled nicely and the fries are the closest thing to McDonald's I have ever seen. Overall a good experience, but wouldn't want to make a habit of coming to this place...unless you have a burning desire to raise your BMI a few points. Make sure to bring cash. They accept debit..for a price.
3	The sandwiches were good but the meat to bread ratio was completely off! The golden ratio is only achieved by a few restaurants and Uncle Sam's just didn't have it right.  I ordered the Philadelphia Cheesesteak as an ode to my hometown and it was awful.  I should have never gotten a Philly Cheesesteak in Pittsburgh...The meat was okay but there wasn't enough, they were also really stingy with the cheese.But what made the meal salvageable were the fries. The fries were perfectly crisp and cut thin (not a big fan of thick fries...)
3	Let me start by saying I really love Uncle Sam's subs and the Oakland shop has the best fries of all their locations.  But the place is filthy and really needs some TLC. I don't understand why this is the only location that has been neglected. Come on, get some hot soapy water and give the place a good cleaning.  The bathrooms on the other hand need a lot more attention.
