5	They have the best sushi. I love trying new places but I always come back to Kanda!! The service is good... The waiters are nice, there and efficient!
1	Usually I do not write a negative review. However, this time I felt obliged. Kanda have made a name for themselves, but when we went for  launch this Monday it was horrific  nightmare. Food was oily and saggy. Sushi the rice was filed with  oil and not tasteful. The Salmon was fatty and not the prime style cut. Even the service no-one smile at you from the hostess to the people that take and bring the food. I understand it was busy and they did not expect that on a long weekend holiday but they colud have taken their time make the great food that we use to have on the past.
5	Love this place. The food is always fantastic. The service is very fast and the price is very good too. Would recommend this place to everyone who loves sushi.
3	I have read mixed reviews on this one. Is it the best Sushi, no. But considering it is all you can eat, how good do you think it can be. Was brought here by a friend for my birthday and as a whole I had a good  time. Love the sushi pizza, the maki rolls were good to quench my Sushi craving & all the extras like broccoli beef & general Tao filled me to the brim.As a fun outing when craving quantity over quality, this place is he place to go:)
1	Normally I'd give Kanda 3 stars because the sushi is so so especially when compared to other sushi places in Montreal.  Really if I'm coming here it's because I'm going for quantity not quality.  That being said after my most recent visit you can sure I'll be avoiding this place like the plague.My boyfriend and I came here for a friend's birthday dinner.  The service was spotty in that they forgot to bring a few items that we had ordered but that turned out to be the least of our problems.  The sushi was okay but a few pieces just didn't taste right. I thought it might be a question of personal taste because nothing seemed to taste rotten but boy was I wrong.  About 24 hours later those off pieces came back to haunt me with a nasty case of food poisoning.  Now if it had been just me who had gotten sick I would have given them the benefit of the doubt and not written this review however it was not just me who got sick.  My boyfriend also fell victim to food poisoning as did two of his friends and these are the ones we know about.  Coincidence?  I don't think so.I really hate writing one star reviews but this was inexcusable.  Like I said if it was only me who got sick I wouldn't have rushed to such solid conclusions that the sushi was the culprit but it wasn't just me.  I do enjoy the occasional night of all you can eat sushi but next time I won't be coming to Kanda for that.
