4	Harrison Park is a great park. Its quite big and has a fenced in area where dogs are not allowed, very good for wee ones to wander about in without worrying they might step in something!It also has a nice play area with swings, slides and other structures for children to climb about on and have fun with. But for me what makes this park extra special is the canal behind it. It has ducks and swans in it and a really great canal tea/coffee boat! Really worth visiting this park.
4	I lived on Harrison Park for a few years. Well when I say 'on', I mean that my bedroom's window was on the park.  It was great to live there, with the proximity of the canal, and barbecues and frisbee games with my flatmates on sunny days.I also loved the fact that the park would be covered with crocuses in the spring time, and other flowers in summer.  Also, Harrison Park is only 20 mins from Tollcross on foot, so if you've never been there, you have no excuse.  Great spot for photos too, with the barges on the canal and the nearby Polwarth church!
4	On the north bank of the Union Canal, stretching seval hundred metres from Shandon to Polwarth, Harrison Park is a gem. It has an aspirational quality for me as I'd love to move nearer, into a classic Edinburgh flat overlooking its green expanse up to the canal. All in good time, so for now I'll walk past on my way to work, or through on the diagonal on my way home from town after reaching it along the canal path. Dog walkers at all times of the year, student picnics and barbecues when the weather's right and a mix of runners, families and others as the mood takes them.It may not have the carrying capacity of The Meadows, but nor does it have to support the swarms who descend on that stretch of over-used lawn. Princes Street Gardens may enjoy the patronage of thousands of tourists, but Harrison Park need not concern itself with such demands on its time. Harrison is a local park, for local folk, linked to the rest of the city by the canal on one flank and plenty of bus routes all around. It's in two halves, one fringed by spring flowers and replete with a full on kids' playground, the other a home to new benches and paths, and sports teams over the weekend.
3	living in edinburgh, we're well spoiled for awesome parks so rating the smaller ones tends to force me to knock a star off.  it's hard to give over three stars when my four and five star ratings go to holyrood park with the beautiful backdrop of arthur's seat and the crags and then the meadows with it's massive green space and lovely community feel.harrison park is a lovely park in the west of edinburgh though.  it's a fairly good size with a nice playground for kids and some playing fields for football as well.  also it benefits from being right along the union canal so it's a nice place to stop off for a break during a run or to meet to go for a cycle ride.  i can't think of much else to say for this park, it's lovely but on the smaller side.  still though, excellent place to meet for a BBQ when the sun is shining!!
4	I live close to Harrison Park and I usually find myself wandering over here when the sun comes out as I have no back garden. It It's a pretty community area, in the middle of a residential area, just off the canal but is quiet and peaceful and well maintained. It is a huge space - not on the same scale as The Meadows. This is probably why I like it as I find The Meadows huge but also pretty crowded on sunny days when I just want to sprawl out and have my own space. There are two large sections, separated by a path and some tree's and a kids play park.The pack is used by runners, mum's with kids, sunbathers and dog walkers and it is easy enough to find your own little space with no one overlapping. Tree's around the side of the park provide shade on sunny days, but lots of open sunny spots.Margiotta's is just along the road and perfect for picking up supplies on sunny days.So Harrison Park, I salute you as my 'outdoor office' and saviour on sunny days :-)
