4	Great event. As an official sponsor, We will be posting tons of photos. Hope you all had a great time and came by our mobile studio to have your photo taken !!!
5	Three words...so much fun!  This was my first year so I'm unsure how previous years went.  That being said, this year was at The Fillmore and was put together like a red carpet event.  I loved every minute of it.  The bartending was great and quick and they kept the drinks flowing.  How can you beat an event that only costs $20 with a small toy and allows you to drink for 4 hours?  Good drinks, good music and good times all for a great cause to boot.  That's a combination I'll take every time!
4	This is by far the biggest and best holiday party of the season. The place to see and be seen.$20 + a toy = free alcohol and food. You can't beat that... and you get to help such a great cause! Drinking for the kids doesn't make that next day hangover as bad. Okay, that's a lie... my hangover was just as bad.Great choice of venue this year. Silver Hammer Studios at the NC Music Factory was such a great setup. There was a line to get in (hey, what do you expect for an event with THOUSANDS of people), but it moved quickly. Didn't take long at all.Loved the photobooth opportunities this year. Fun holiday backdrops. Giant over sized toys to climb on and pose for pics. Could the event used some more bars and bartenders? Yes. Absolutely. But with a crowd that size, you could always use more of everything.Another tremendous party by Bryan Paschal, George Delano and crew. Second String Santa is one of my favorite events in Charlotte. I look forward to it every year. Can't wait for 2014 :)
4	Miss Kelly C. was kind enough to let me be her +1 when she was one of the lucky winners of the VIP Yelp tickets. I brought my husband along and we got him the $20 ticket + toy. He drinks beer, so I figured he would have plenty to drink. When we first got there right at 8, the venue seemed almost empty. We walked around and found the VIP area. I thought it might be just a bar with liquor, turns out it was this swanky place. The only hinge was that my husband, being non-VIP, couldn't come in. I had to talk to him over a rope, which was a down turn of the night. I didn't like the separation at all. The alcohol in the VIP area was amazing! I love me some Jack Daniels Honey and most bars don't normally have it. This one did, and I was set! So excited! The food was also great! They had a carving station with rolls and mozzarella on a stick with tomatoes and olives. So good. We did venture to the food area around the corner, and it was ok. I have been to most of the restaurants from the food vendors and I know their food is better than what they had. After talking to a bartender, she said they were setting up all day, so I'm wondering was the food there just too early? It tasted old, and most of what should have been hot wasn't. I just hope some people don't judge these restaurants by what they had available. At about 10 it got to be too crowded. The stage area was full and there were just people everywhere so we left. Overall great night for a great cause. The vendors were more than generous, I think next time we might just have to splurge for the upgrade VIP :).
