5	This is one of my favourite day trips from my parent's who live in Ontario. It's about a 45-minute drive northwest from Mississauga, past Guelph. St. Jacob's has one of world's largest farmer's markets. The area is home to a Mennonite community. It draws people from all over who've heard about their great shopping area, which has both good deals and great finds. Whether it's furniture, antiques, crafts, clothing or home decor you're looking for, St. Jacobs is such a fun day of browsing and discovering. It's a quaint town with lots of places to eat, whether it's fine dining or a casual lunch you want to grab. It's a typical sight to see people eating ice cream cones or savouring homemade fudge. My favourite time to go here is Christmas, when everything is beautifully decorated and lit up. You can take a carriage ride through the village, chat with locals and learn more about the Mennonite culture that's rooted here.
4	Going to St. Jacobs is like going to Niagara On The Lake, but run through the cycles of Amish Paradise. I really liked going here. The quaint shops are pricey, but everyone's so friendly, and you'll definitely find some odds and ends that you won't find in the big cities. But beware, you won't find a gosh darned thing open on Sunday over here. Be sure to visit the big farmers market.
4	St. Jacobs Country is famous for St. Jacob farmer's markets and lot of stuff is sold and produced by Mennonites as the area is home to a Mennonite community. If you planning a day trip it should incorporate St Jacob's Farmer's Market followed by St. Jacobs Antique Market and St Jacobs Factory Outlet Mall. Your day trip is not complete till you see the town as well. St Jacob's Farmer's Market: Make sure you do this first as fresh produce could run out sometime.The market is divided into 3 parts... A flee market, tuesday market and open flour local produce. The flee market is covered and has lot of leather stores and much more. Where as the Tuesday market section has Cheese, Meat, Baked goods and much more. Whereas the open market has Fresh Vegetables. Fruits, Baked Produces, Juice...The Market has a Outlet mall and an Antiques store near by. Which are good to take a break and enjoy some air conditioning in the summer. The Antique store is quite awesome if you are into fun old signs, coins and trucks.St. Jacobs Antique Market: Antique market as they had quite a large selection of awesome things but everything was very expensive! You can expect everything from furniture, art, china, militaria, coins, jewellery, mini vehicles, etc. If you love watching American Pickers, well you will love this place as this is the aftermath of buying it cheap, cleaning it up and selling at a very high price. They also have bulk shop just like bulk barn attached to it. Over all if you are checking the market out make sure you check out the Antique store as well.Jacobs Factory Outlet Mall:Its not what you would expect from a outlet mall but it does provide a good break from the heat if you been up and running around in the summer at the St. Jacob Market.The outlet mall itself is very clean and located in a old Barn looking like building. There are not much high brand stores...well there aren't much stores at all. The washrooms are clean and you can get cold water from the water fountain. There is not much choice on the food either but the small Lego toy building zone is fun and they have bunch of good stuff built as well.The Town: Not far from the Market area has quite a few decent stores to check out. You can enjoy the ice cream from Chocolates 'N More or buy some fresh bread or sip a cup of cappuccino from the Stone Crock Bakery. Parking is free and make sure you check out the expensive wide variety of Canadian pottery including pottery made on location at Conestoga River Pottery shop.All in all a decent day trip.
