4	Favorite Sub Sandwich shop in Las Vegas.  I like their turkey & stuffing & cranberry sauce sub sandwich.   Small seating area.  Take-out is better.  Mostly good folks working behind the counter.
4	I am sure everyone has heard of Capriotti's but I have to add my two cents. Their sandwiches are so good, and a nice alternative to the chain sub shops. My personal favorite is the Bobbie, while my boyfriend always goes for the capistrami with double meat (ugh, why?). But here is my question, why are all of the staff beautiful young boys?! I have only seen one girl ever behind the counter at Capriotti's. The rest are these cute young things with a knack for making great subs, and girls sweat while they wait! I am in love and completely happy, but I am always begging my boy to go to Capriotti's. I think he is starting to catch on, but I don't care. Girls, Capriotti's has awesome sandwiches, and awesome eye candy while you wait...what could be better for lunch? (Caution: order in advance by phone, or you could get stuck waiting a bit...actually, this could be a good thing!)Recommended sandwich: The Bobbie for a Thanksgiving-leftover-style sub.
1	Poor quality food, always dry and unpleasant... A lot of employees enjoy talking trash about their employer in front of customers. Sandwiches made incorrectly often. Would not recommend.The owner has resorted to writing poor reviews for her competitors businesses, now reducing their business rating down to 1 star, in my opinion. Extremely childish.
5	The hype is real. Is this worth a $20 cab ride from the strip? Come on, it's just a sandwich. Let's not go crazy here... That being said, if you have a car/friend/etc, this place is incredible. What makes it so special? You know that slimy deli turkey meat stuff they serve at subway and well almost everywhere? They don't use that here.. they use real turkey that tastes like leftovers from thanksgiving. As everyone says, the bobbie really is thanksgiving on a bun. I thought stuffing, cranberry, and turkey would be kind of sick, but honestly it's incredible and you must try it. If you're looking for a sandwich place that's different than your everyday deli meat place, try here. The Cran Slam Club is also incredible (if you have a fear of stuffing or feel it doesn't belong on a sandwich), as is the cheesesteak if you're some freak that doesn't like thanksgiving turkey.
4	Capistami Sandwich all the way!  YUM!There's also a elvis look alike that works here - very entertaining.Kicked back atmosphere inside.  Local magazines to browse while you wait to take out or eat at their bar.  (no alcohol served here though).
4	In Vegas for 3 days, ate here twice and took 2 home! The Capistrami is outstanding! We also had  the Slaw Be Jo I think it was called? The meat was a bit dry, but the Capistrami and the service made up for it!!!
5	My parents lived in Vegas for awhile and introduced me to this FANTASTIC sandwich place. Now every time I am anywhere near a Capriotti's, I have to go. I absolutely love the "real", Thanksgiving style turkey on it! No compressed mystery turkeyloaf here! The cheesesteaks are excellent too, just avoid the hot peppers unless you have a hankering to burn off a few of your tastebuds. YUM!!
5	Been loving Capriotti's for years. Fresh cold cut sandwitches. They have the best hot n cold subs in town.
4	I'm so glad other people like the Capistrami here, I'm hooked on them!  Everytime we order them at work, I always get the Capistrami.  A lot of people don't like cole slaw, but I love it, and when it's on my sandwich, it's a win/win.  Their slaw is good typical, it's got a nice sweetness, but not as bad as KFC (whose slaw is just insanely sweet for no good reason).   The Capistrami is this-  Pastrami, Swiss Cheese, Russian dressing (1000 Island) and cole slaw.  It's simplicity in it's best.   And it's by far one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.
4	Well, wouldn't you know, I just wrote a review and now I get to enjoy one!  Delicious, peppery/sweet, but not too sweet slaw.  Flavorful thinly sliced pastrami, just enough cheese and russian dressing.  I'm in heaven.
5	one New Year's resolution is to write more Yelp reviews, so here goes...In Vegas for NYE & gave this place a shot per other Yelp reviews. I had the Capistrami & the girlfriend had the Cheese Steak, which I had few bites of. Both were absolutely delicious in an awesome-deli-sandwich-sort-of-way. The shop is no-frills with only some bar seating, but the sandwiches are really reasonably priced. So if all you're after is a fantastic deli sandwich, definitely go.
5	The last time I went to Vegas was the first time I had Capriotti's. We had to go twice that weekend because it was so delicious. It's few and far between when you find a sandwich place that offers imitation meat for us vegetarian folk. The vegetarian philly cheesesteak sub is my favorite. The flavors are magical and the imitation meat they use is superb. The turkey sub is also very delicious, tastes a lot like a real turkey sandwich, comes with delicious veggies and served on a kaiser roll!
5	#1 in Vegas for a reason.  Everyone has their favs.... the capistrami, the cheeseteak with mush...  Mine is definitely the Bobby.  In case you haven't viewed their menu yet, the bobby is thanksgiving leftovers in a huge sandwich... yeah, exactly.
5	I just had Capriotti's and their turkey with cranberry was one of the best sandwiches I've had in a long time. I hope a franchise opens up in Orange County, CA because I would be there every other day!
5	Probably the best sub shop around. The menu is not too extensive and the choices are just right. I always got the Bobbie, you just gotta love having a turkey dinner on a month that doesn't start with a N. The last trip I tried the Capistrami for a change and was in sub heaven. Needs table seating.
4	Had the HOT ITALIAN SUB (Genoa salami, ham and cappicola). The meat was piled high with pickles lettuce tomatoes and mustard. It really hit the spot. You can rely on this place to satisfy any sandwich craving.
2	This review is for the location not the food. It seems kind of rough to me...including: the ex worker who came in and stated that if she was still working there no one would be smoking... they would be back here doing the dishes and cleaning the floor to the overall cleanliness or lack there of everything else. The window, walls, door, etc...need to be cleaned. I would think with the corporate headquarters in Las Vegas you would not find a store/location in this condition...it didn't get this way overnight.
2	It took like 20 mins for my sandwich, I asked if they had cappacola and they had no clue what that was... kinda strange but whatever. I didnt understand why it took soo long for my food, I order 1 small sub and I was the only person there... plus there were 3 workers! wtf?! I was like sooo super excited because I heard great things about this place! So I get to work and unwrap this mystical creature and bam! Its like my hard on went away! I asked politely for no tomatoes or onions... what do you think I see?! So I was like ugh. I sat there and poked out all the yuckiness and took a bite and almost choked because of the insane amount of pepper! I will not return, Ive had wayyy yummier sandwiches from 7-11.
4	Mmmmm, not usually a fan of coleslaw but theirs is good!! Went here 2-3 times and got the Capastrimi every single time. Now this is a sandwich that I can't finish since it's huge but it's delicious! I've only ate here when we have cars in vegas and when I'm not on the strip!
5	Best sandwiches.
5	best capriottis in the valley!!!!! have had a few if the subs but you can not beat the bobbie. its like a thanksgiving feast without having to deal with your crazy family. but this shop is on there A game, some of the shops i have been to cant seem to put the sandwich together so it will not fall apart when you eat it . dont be a cheap ass, Tip them. go there enough and do it and you might get expedited service during lunch.
1	The thing that frustrates me the most about yelp reviews is you don't know the level of taste from the people who are reviewing. This place was gross. The pastrami, which was one of their signature sandwiches was terrible. Soggy bread. Too much sauce, of course to cover up the quality of the meat. If you're a true foodie don't waste your time.I did want to mention, to those foodies in search of something special, there is an Asian market in the same mall that has an off the hook hot food bar with homemade egg rolls and incredible Asian delectables.
5	The best cheese steak and pastrami sandwich in Vegas. this is a place for take out. They have a sitting area but its small and not to comfortable. But the sandwiches are great!!!
5	I have always loved Capriotti's and found they have the best philly cheese steaks in Vegas (and beyond). However, I decided to try the Tuna Sub yesterday and all I can say is WOW. Best Tuna Sub ever.  I never thought I would have to leave a great review for something as simple as a tuna sandwich, but after eating that one, I had to tell the world - lol.So, I will continue to spread the good word about the great food at Capriottis and continue enjoying the best sandwiches in Vegas.
2	Capriotti's is a very popular sandwich/sub shop in Las Vegas...  I have tried several locations and i do like their food... This location however, sucks my ass.  The steak sub was not filling as they usually are at other locations.  I asked for easy on the hot peppers, well they kinda over did it, completely making the sandwich un-edible..  Perhaps the saying easy on the hots, is beyond their comprehension. Their staff, what a bunch of tools...Food may be decent but the service, to me is a key factor in eating at a restaurant even if it is just a sub shop...  I recommend Capriotti's but not this location...   Hope this yelps
3	Love this place, ordered a large italian, and a large steak and cheese. Very nice and fresh, hot and spicy. Little pricy but worth the money in my opinion,.Order it for pick up. It was ready on time and good to go.
5	I give this place 5 stars because it is by far the best sandwich shop of it's kind.  Subway and Port of Subs aren't even worth mentioning in the same breath.  The sandwiches are delicious and huge.  Unlike the other sub places, this place actually has a fair amount of meat and other items in between the bread.  Not like some places where you have to pay extra dollars just for enough meat to actually taste it.  For me, it's all abou the spicy italian, with lots of these tasty chopped peppers.  Sure it's not $5 to eat, but I would rather pay a few extra dollars and get a sandwich that is filling, and taste way better than all others.  There is a Subway pretty much in the same parking lot as my job, but I would rather drive a few miles down the road any day to get Capriottis instead.
5	By far the best sub shop.  I haven't been to anyplace that had better tasting subs.  Just today I ordered a philly cheesteak with nothing but meat, cheese, and hot peppers and it was like an orgasm of the mouth.  The cheese was so melted into the spiced beef that it was almost like the beef was stirred in some sauce or something, hard to explain.  The peppers were hot which I loved.  I usually get the cold spicy Italian which is phenomenal as well, but today I tried something else.  Very happy with the service especially if you call it in ahead of time (no wait).  LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!
3	My 2 favorites are the Mushroom Cheese Steak and the Cole Turkey. I would eat here more often if they would get different rolls. The French bread is horrible. We have even bought whole wheat rolls from the store and remade the sandwich. The Cole Turkey really does not need the Mayo as the Cole Slaw and Russian dressing are enough. A large 20" feeds 3 adults and is a great value. Please get some new rolls.
4	I love the Italian sub and the Bobbi's at Capriotti's. The sandwiches are huge and the meat is delicious! I always have the other half for lunch the next day. Check this place out!
1	I have to say first that I love Capriotti's. The sandwiches are delicious and the options are terrific.However, this location's service has been poor to put it nicely. I let it slide the first time as a fluke, but the second time was nearly the same experience. The first time I called in an order shortly after 11 to beat the main lunch rush. When I arrived, they weren't exceptionally busy, but there were a few people there. I let them know I was there to pick up my order and I paid and started waiting. My bag was ready with 3 sandwiches and I was just waiting on one more. I literally waited 20 minutes for that last sandwich. I was asked several times what I was waiting for and I let them know, but that did not help.The second time I decided to avoid the call-in debacle, so I ordered three sandwiches and brought two friends along to order 2 more each (we were picking up for our office). We were one of three orders they had to make at the time, so again, they were not slammed by any means. After a few minutes, my friends received their orders, but mine was waiting on ONE sandwich. I was asked again what I was waiting on and then informed them. Several minutes later and after 5 other groups got their orders, my sandwich was ready. I proceeded to the register and was ready to pay when they handed a call-in order to the person behind me and asked me to step aside so that they could pay.What a slap in the face, I'll never return to this location.
5	Awesome sandwich.  We had the Bobby on our first visit.  Thanksgiving on a bun!  Delicious.  Nice people too.  Good value.
5	With all due respect's to Jarred's July 1 review, I decided to test them and place a take-out order... Bobbie with extra mayo and cranberry. When I asked, they said it would be ready in 10 minutes. So, 10 mins later my sandwich was already waiting for me, (and well-made). Staff was cheerful and friendly. No complaints!
1	Came here yesterday while I got off from work, their was a few people ahead of me, both parties had their orders done wrong and while I was waiting in line after 15 mins and the line grew bigger I said I want to place an order, she told me I have to go in the front of the store to place the order. I waited 15 mins for the lady to fix peoples orders, and the line grew bigger and she had the nerve to tell me that? I walked right out. I was more embarrassed then anything as well. I heard people even wispering on how i stood their for that long to be told to go in the back of the line. So rude, she could have kindly still took my order and take it too the front line cooks as she did with 2 parties in front of me.  I will never go their again. All other Capriotti's will still take the order where ever you go inside the store.
2	The sandwich was great!!!! But my concern was about the fact that is no restroom over there so I couldn't wash my hands,  and instead of eating over there I went home, );
1	I was just about to place my order,  when I looked over the counter and saw how filthy it was.  The grill was black and food debris all over the counters. I immediately left and went to the Cappriotti's on Sunset and Annie Oakley. They are extremely clean. Thank God!
3	All the workers seem like they were hungover and take 30 minutes to get a sandwich made wtf.But the sandwich WAS good. haha
2	1.5 - 2 starsYelp reviews say this place messes up your order a lot - didn't happen to me, however, it took the workers 15 minutes to make 2 sandwiches.BF also says the grill was also yucky because it had a lot of junk on it.Won't be back to this location due to service - but will be back to Capriotti's.
5	This is my favorite sandwich place! The portions are generous. My favorite is called the Bobbie. It has turkey which is real sliced turkey not processed. It also has stuffing, cranberry sauce and mayo. It's Thanksgiving on a roll! Totally takes care of my Thanksgiving dinner craving when it's not November! I also love the Capistrami! It has pastrami, coleslaw, cheese, Russian dressing and mayo. So good!
1	I have been here twice now and twice they have not only missed up my order, but the orders of my coworkers. I had one coworker who's chicken sandwich had a bone still in it. Luckily he is not like me and scarfs everything down and found it before he joked on it. Please note that the place was not even that busy when I got there both times.Now about my sandwiches, and by the way it does not require rocket science to prepare a sandwich. My problem is that they keep adding stuff to the sandwich that I do not want. I should start by saying I am vegan and do not want any animal products in what I eat. Capis does offer such options and I appreciate for that. I have been to other shops that have made some awesome sandwiches. On both experiences I had to watch the preparer like a hawk to make sure they did not add any cheese or mayo. Both times after being very clear not to add them, they tried to and I had to tell them to stop. This is ridiculous and down right frustrating. I had to wipe off the mayo the second time because I did not catch them adding it. I would of tossed it, but I was hungry and had nothing else at the time.Needless to say I will never go to this shop again, unless they have completely new management and crew. All I want is a sandwich without keeling over and dying. Is that a lot to ask for? Go ahead and try the place, but check your sandwich for foreign objects (god knows what else they forget) and good luck getting your order right. I am waiting for the day someone finds a mop in their sammy.There was more miss ups, but I won't bother mentioning because by now I think you got the picture. On top of all this, service was rude to mediocre at best. They did not even bother bagging my sammy the second time. I really regret tipping them.Have a nice day. Sorry for the negativity, but someone had to warn people about this shop.
1	I've been there a few times and usually things are fine. This time I went in on a Sunday at exactly 6. They refused to serve me because they close at 6. I feel this is bad practice and they should have locked their door if they weren't accepting anymore orders. It wouldn't have killed them to serve one more customer. It is very bad customer service to turn customers away!!!!
2	They are a skuzzy lot but they get the order right. The food is crap but I forget that every 3 months that I order here.
1	I called in ahead of time to order our large sub so it would be ready when we got there upon arriving they told us they never received our order. To make sure we didn't call the wrong location we called the number I had just ordered from and the store we were just in answered so we walked back in and asked them to make out large hoagie. When it was finally ready they said they didn't have a large so they just made two smalls... Thanks for asking if that was ok. Worst caps experience! I'm still amazed that they could lose out order after they asked for a name and a call back number
1	Absolutely horrible service from my three visits. First time food came out wrong, second time it took 25 minutes for one sandwich, third time waited ten minutes for staff to come out of kitchen and take our orders. No staff insight when we walked in. The staff here is never in dress code and constantly walking out for breaks. One time I saw a staff member come back with Starbucks. I've been a big fan of Cap's since I first had it, but something has to change about this horrible location and the bad service reputation it will give this company.
2	I placed an order online, chicken cheesteak and tuna hoagie. Get confirmation email. Husband goes there. They didn't get the online order. He orders in person. As he pays they receive the online order. ???He comes home with the food. Tuna is good. No complaints there. The chicken cheese steak was soooo salty it was inedible. It also looked weird and brown...not how it usually looks. Will not go back.
1	Picked up a large 20" Chicken cheesesteak today. The girl that made it dumped so much pepper on it, nobody could even eat it. We ended up throwing it away. They are lucky we did not have the time to go back and get our money back. I will never eat here again.
