4	Brand new place, just opened today. Interior is bright and welcoming , the friendly staff are putting their best foot forward as any new business ought.Hubby ran in and got a 6 pack of cupcakes and the family snarffled them down before I could rightly choose my flavor. The one I had, yellow with a butter-cream frosting was mighty tasty. To Divine Cupcake's credit: the cupcakes are normal-sized, not the ginormous ones found elsewhere, so the ratio of cake to frosting is correct. You don't have to rip off the stump and squish it on top of the frosting in order to eat it as you must with the large ones. Well, you don't have to either, but otherwise you end up with frosting in places you don't want it. These here are good one-handed snacks.Cakes were moist, the various frostings were yumm-o and they have a special refrigerated section for the cream-cheese frosted ones, so you know the owners are on their game. Check 'em out for a divine benign indulgence.
3	I have been wishing there was a cupcake or fro yo place in Dilworth for awhile now and now we have two-in-one-hooray! This place is nestles in between Picasso's and East Blvd Grill. After reading a review on here, I had to stop by yesterday to see what it's all about. The good: -Open late (midnight during the wk, 2A on the wknds. Do cupcakes make good drunk food? We will see)-Open early as well and they offer oatmeal along with their other goodies-Cupcakes for various dietary needs---diabetic, vegan, gluten free and many flavors-Good selection of fro yo flavors which you can get swirl along with the standard fro yo toppings-Outdoor and indoor seatingThe bad:-It kills me to say this but I wasn't too impressed with the cupcakes. I got a chocolate espresso and I believe either gluten free or vegan blueberry cupcake. The chocolate was hard on the outside, not to moist and had me reaching for some milk. The blueberry one was actually tastier-it tasted healthy but still pleasing to my taste buds. It didn't look like a traditional cupcake when I took the paper off though, kinda looked knotted.-Cupcakes are around $3 a pop. If I'm paying that much for one, I want one on steroids.-The fro yo I tried (strawberry banana) tasted good but was a grainy texture.Who knows, seeing it was opening weekend I am sure they are still working on what works taste wise and such but I will still frequent other cupcake places I visit or enjoy the company of my girl, Betty Crocker. Concept wise, I think it's an awesome idea to combine a cupcake and fro yo place in one with late hours but don't think I will go there again just for the cupcakes. I would love if these places started doing a punch card for every cupcake or fro yo you buy, I would visit even more!
3	It breaks my heart to give this place fewer than five stars. I mean, hey, they have cupcakes. Glorious cupcakes. And fro-yo...typically I'd be in heaven, but from my last experience three stars is a stretch for Divine Cupcakes. This place is adorable...nestled Dilworth, facing East Blvd. The shop itself is cute-ly appointed with gigantor cupcakes smiling on the walls and a fro yo topping bar in the middle. But let's get down to brass tacks...the cupcakes. I stopped in around 6 pm on a Friday, hoping to score some cupcakes for the weekend (ok, it was for me for that night, whatever). When I walked in I was greeted by a friendly employee who directed me to the cupcake case. There were only seven cupcakes there. Yes, seven total, not seven varieties. Seven cupcakes, three varieties. The kind employee mentioned that they were getting another batch of cupcakes around 6:30 pm...but unfortunately I didn't have 30 minutes to wait for a cupcake. So I chose a carrot cake cupcake and an Italian creme cupcake. Both were on the average (to smaller) size. So, I walked out of there with two smallish cupcakes and $6+ fewer in my pocket. I was reaaallly hoping they would be super fantastic. Not so much. The carrot cake was moist and well made but I expected more creme cheese in the frosting. 3.5/5 for this one. But the cupcake I was really jacked about, the Italian creme, was super dry and crumbly...not to mention very small. The taste of the cupcake was lovely...but the texture totally ruined it for me. Maybe I just got the runt of the cupcake litter but I was disappointed. Crumbly, dry cupcake = Sad Nicole.Will I be back? Sure...you can't keep me away from trying the fro yo or a few more cupcake varieties. But for $3 per cupcake I won't be back too often.
4	I have a funny story to tell about Divine Cupcakes that will help you understand why their service impressed me.I follow them on Twitter (@DivineCupcakes4U) and last Thursday, one of my fellow CLTTweeps mentioned that he got a job and wanted ice cream to celebrate.  A few seconds later Divine Tweeted their menu.  I noticed pumpkin froyo was on the menu and since I love almost anything pumpkin-flavored (one of my favorite things about fall), I tweeted to my friend that he should go check-out the pumpkin froyo at Divine.  I also mused that I would love it if I could get a pumpkin cupcake, but there were none on their menu for the day.I don't know whether my friend tried the pumpkin froyo, but within seconds of my musing about the pumpkin cupcakes, Divine sent me a Tweet that she would talk with the baker about getting me some pumpkin cupcakes the next day.  And indeed she did.  That's service!!!So I drove 20 minutes to Dilworth from Ballantyne because I was so impressed that my random tweet resulted in someone special ordering pumpkin cupcakes for me.  I decided to also get 2 "pupcakes" for my doggies so that I wouldn't feel so guilty about scarfing down this pumpkin cupcake.  I was given two varieties of pumpkin cupcake:  a plain one with cream cheese frosting, and one that had a vanilla bean glaze with dark chocolate chips.  It was so hard to drive the 20 minutes home without snarfing these down on the way, but I willed myself to just look at them periodically as I was stopped in traffic and not to touch them until I got home.  I decided to hold out a little more and give the doggies the pupcakes first (ok, so I was trying to distract them so that I could snarf my cupcake down without a poodle jumping on my lap trying to take a bite out of it.)My cupcakes - OMG - The first thought was "bless me father, for I have sinned" because these cupcakes were sinfully delicious!  I agree with Nicole's review that the cream cheese icing did not have a strong cream cheese flavor, but to be honest, I liked that it had a subtle cream cheese flavor.  I was worried that cream cheese icing would adulterate the pumpkin flavor that I love so much, but this subtle cream cheese icing gave me a flavor of cream cheese that was the perfect complement to the pumpkin.  It worked for me and made me wish I had more!  The second cupcake was EVEN BETTER!  I had it in the fridge overnight and ate it for breakfast the following morning.   The chill really brought out the pumpkin flavor and provided a crunch to the dark chocolate chips.  The vanilla bean glaze - wow!  Again, pure vanilla flavor, but subtle enough to play nicely in the sandbox with the pumpkin and dark chocolate chip flavors.Both cupcakes were moist and flavorful, and the toppings were just right for me.  The cupcakes are on the small side as some others have said, but I think Divine is going for a healthy image, and these smaller sized cupcakes are correct serving sizes for an afternoon snack.  We all have gotten used to huge cupcakes and muffins, but it really isn't healthy to eat such huge sized snacks, so these are "right-sized".  Is $3 too much to pay for a right-sized cupcake?  I suppose it depends.  For me, I got a unique flavored, sinfully delicious afternoon snack, so $3 for this indulgence was not too much to pay.  It's not like I would eat them all the time (because that wouldn't be good for my waistline anyway), but for an indulgence that I would enjoy in moderation, the $3 price was well-worth the service and flavor I got.Would I pay $36 for a dozen cupcakes?  Probably not.  If I needed a dozen cupcakes, I would probably bake them myself or go to Harris Teeter and pay whatever it is (maybe like $8) for a dozen.  But for my own personal little sinful snack - this place is just right! Final note on the pupcakes - they were $1.25 each and worth every penny just for the lovin' and entertainment value I received watching the doggies eat them.  The beagle snarfed it down in seconds and then jumped on my lap and kissed my face profusely (very out of character for him!)  The toy poodle carried it around the house like a trophy for a few minutes and then walked around and studied it.  He then started licking the icing off and his little pom pom tail was wagging so furiously that I could have powered all of Charlotte for a week if I had him hooked up to the electric grid.  He took delicate little bites and skipped over to me with a look of pure unadulterated love after each bite, before gleefully returning to get another.
3	Not a treat fan, but the wife is so we stopped by here the other night to check it out. The lady has been here before, so she wanted to try it again and said there was froyo, so I'd be happy. The place was quiet when we arrived around 7:30pm. I looked at the cupcake area first, but was more interested in the froyo and toppings. After a minute of deciding I picked up my yogurt cup and went to the self-serve machine...and...they're out of froyo. No pineapple tart, no chocolate, no cheesecake?! Restaurant fail! They were even running 2 for 1 froyo? Hmmm. I digress...went for a classic...carrot cake cupcake as a consolation. Was OK. Oh Divine...I'll start with 3 stars and give you antoher chance :)
2	When I am out and about I am always looking for a sweet treat to bring back for my team (and let's face it, for me too). I ate a 131 Main for lunch (hello crabcake salad!!) and stopped in Divine cupcake afterwards to see what the dealio was. I like that they had smaller cupcakes too.I agree that the ambiance of the display was a little weird. I expected a Holiday Inn Express-style self-serve plastic display thing, but instead she got the cupcakes out of a bakers rack covered in a zipup plastic wardrobe cover thingy. That's the technical term. Reminded me of the scene in ET where they zip up the house.. But I digress. So the ones on display weren't exactly what they actually had, so I kept trying to order ones that they didn't have. I ended up with the vegan apple cinnamon, and upon request for the best, most moistest non-vegan cupcake, she gave me the chocolate chip cupcake with choc frosting.  My coworker and I split each.The cake of the vegan apple cinnamon was indeed divine- super moist, like the best kind of muffin. But the frosting lost me and after 1 bite I scraped it off. it should just be a muffin. After all, what actually goes into vegan frosting??? Non-animal weirdness, that's what.The chocolate chip one was dry, dense and bland.  The frosting was not a bad taste but a little on the "crunchy" side.  So on my half there I licked off the frosting and tossed the cake.  So my vote is the vegan cupcake + non-vegan frosting, but all in all, wasn't worth the calories. Big bummer.  From Josie's story, they clearly get the social media thing and customer service but need to execute better on the culinary side.
2	SADNESS.  Out on an epic walk last beautiful Sunday, my husband and I stopped by for a little frozen yogurt to fortify us.  I generally get something chocolatey when I get froyo... unfortunately, the closest they had was a peanut butter fudge variety that tasted like neither peanut butter nor fudge.  What really tipped the boat for me, however, was that both my frozen yogurt and my husband's were completely freezerburned, crunchy and ice-crystally.  Not pleasant.  Not pleasant at all.I feel sad about it, but from the reviews below (and the testimony of a friend), the cupcakes aren't much better.  Seriously, if all you're doing is cupcakes and frozen yogurt, both better be BANGIN.Their employees were super nice, and they brought out a bowl of water for our dog.  So there's that.Still.  Need to up the quality of the product, folks.  For real.
3	My husband and I were walking our dog on Sunday afternoon and decided to stop for some yogurt.  I had the Island Coconut and my husband had the cookies and cream.  Both were very refreshing and I will visit there again.  They even had a water bowl outside for my dog, Jack, to cool off too!!
2	We were visiting Charlotte and were craving a cupcake my husband had a delicious lemon cupcake. Though delicious the decorating and presentation lacked a wow appeal. I tried the 2 gluten free cupcakes they offered that day. Sadly disappointing were the gluten free cupcakes. We have had some amazing gluten free treats and these were not it. They has no flavor and the icing was just oily. For the price of 3 bucks each I was expecting delicious. Love the neighborhood but won't return here.
2	Ok let me start by saying I cannot bake, I have never claimed to be able to bake, and honestly I do not aspire to ever be able to bake....BUT I can bake a better cupcake than the one I had here today.Let's see my Red Velvet cupcake was dry - it literally crumbled apart (not in a good way), it was coated in uber-sweet gritty frosting and rather expensive at $3.The girl at the counter wasn't very helpful and overall was rather snooty...maybe she had a long day since it was about 7:30My friend ordered a raspberry cupcake (which looked bigger) and she paid the same amount, so that kind of annoyed me that they do not standardize size if they are going to standardize the cost.I will say her raspberry frosting was awesome (reason enough for one star)- but she commented that the cake part was super dry- possibly missing butter or something?The other star comes from the cute decor! I will say the yogurt they sold here looked really melty and unappetizing so I don't think I'd be back for that. The sign on the door said it was voted best in Charlotte...I have a really hard time believing that (at least I sincerely hope we have better!)
3	I really like the idea of this place. But to summarize - the concept is cute, the location isn't so bad...and the cupcakes are great if you're the type of person who cringes at the thought of actually baking anything yourself. But...I wish they had a more diverse menu. On the rare occasion that I have the craving for sweets, I tend to gravitate here or other frozen yogurt establishments. The frozen yogurt here is "eh." Occasionally inventive flavors but it's just not as smooth (forgive me, I don't have a thesaurus handy for describing frozen yogurt)? The cupcakes that I have had thus far have been delicious, but seem a bit pricey. Then again, the amount I'd have to dip into my wallet to pay for bakeware, ingredients and an extended fire damage insurance policy, leads me to come back. On my most recent trip, there was a teenage girl working who seemed disinterested and annoyed by my presence/business and did not know how to count back my change.  Maybe she suffers from a general attitude problem, or a lack of customer service training...but I was seriously short changed and had to go back to get it corrected.  Other than that one experience the staff is extremely friendly.
1	Totally disappointed with this bakery/yogurt cafe. I'm a huge cupcake conioisseur :)  I love to hear  of small businesses opening in the area, I couldnt wait to visit.  I first took a look at their website to see what flavors they had.  I found a really good one I thought, pumpkin if I remember it said chocolate chips in it, the website is a little confusing on what flavors they have. Anywho, I went in asked for that pumpkin cupcake an was told they didnt have that one, they  were having problems changing their website and thats the story I got lol The place isnt decorated cute like most bakeries, I ordered 2 cupcakes, a cake ball and inquired about the pupcakes of which I thought three dog bakery owned the name pupcake. I bought a red velvet which was tasteless, how do you make a tasteless cupcake!!! The icing was just sugar an butter it was like no flavoring was added to the batter or icing.  The cake balls first on their website it says " first to produce them in the carolina's'  Wrong my freind they are not!!!!  Someone didnt do their tour d cupcake before opening their own bakery thats a shame :(  Again I found the same problem with the cake ball no taste at all.  The pupcake was horrible looking, it was red colored an I asked what was in it. The main ingredient that shocked me was agave syrup its a good sweetner for vegan and gluten free diets not diabetic's or dogs.  Its actually just high fructose corn syrup when broken down. I asked if the pupcake had sugar in it, the lady helping me said no. Agave syrup is a sugar and if cranberry juice was it than yes it had sugar.  Not to mention it was looked  doughnut shaped but without the hole in the middle and a nasty mini milk bone shoved in the top gross. I took it home to inspect it more, it smelled sweeter than the cupcakes lol I tasted it and seemed like their could have been cranberry juice ughh!!!  Do yourself a favor for a great cupcake go to cupcrazed, SaS or Blushing.  For your dog take them to canine cafe no salt or sugar in their treats or harmful dyes they use pedal dust pretty cool stuff.  Well another bakery crossed off my list on to the next :)  How did this bakery get voted best in charlotte :(
4	The cafe has moved to a new location, 8432 Old Statesville Avenue, right off of West Harris Boulevard.  The owner said this location provides a much bigger kitchen.  All cupcakes are made fresh daily.  Those that go unsold for the day are donated to a charitable organizationWe stopped by before dinner so the lemon lime and chocolate cupcakes and the banana and tangerine cake balls have not yet been eaten.  My daughter could not wait and thoroughly enjoyed a cookies and cream cake ball on a stick!  Each day offers a large variety of cupcake flavors.  The cafe makes vegan and gluten-free cupcakes as well.  Today, I tasted the peach cobbler yogurt.  It was divine!  Non-dairy yogurt (made right in the store with fresh fruit) is available 2-3 days a week.  The key-lime flavor was sold out :(.  You cannot go wrong when visiting this very nice cupcake shop.  Soon, they will have a small room available for birthdays (cupcake - decorate it yourself, yogurt, and drink for each party member).  Can't wait for that - the kids will have a blast!  East Boulevard's loss is my gain!I agree with some of the reviews that all of the cupcakes may not actually be fresh.  However, I will note that my extremely finicky daughter just had a strawberry vegan cupcake (non-dairy, no wheat-based products, tofu...) which she found to be delicious!  That said, Divine is definitely worth another trip in the near future.  That said, I am reducing my 5 stars to 4.
2	Nice little cupcake spot, however the goodies need quite a bit of attention.  If they bake or prepare daily, nothing should be dry or freezer burned and I experienced both on this visit.  I ordered the red velvet and chocolate but I could tell from the pink look of the red velvet that it was going miss the mark but on top of that it was dry.    The chocolate wasn't as dry but it was just 'ok' as far as taste.  I sampled about 4 different flavors of the fro yo and they all had a strange bitter like flavor, one was severely freezer burned and had way too much stuff mixed in there...not impressed.  Perhaps it was a bad day so I'll give it another shot in a couple months, if it's still open.
5	These are by far the best cupcakes I have EVER tasted!  The frosting is light and sweet and the perfect topping to the delicious cake below.  You have got to try this place!
