5	One warning....$225 per round on weekend at prime season.The course is worth every penny too....why?  It's one of the most manicured courses in the state, it's got some of the best designed holes in the Southwest, Phil's grill, and some of the best looking cart girls I have ever met.  There are two courses Raptor and Talon...both are Hard but Talon, I like a little better for the higher handicapper than Raptor.  At my prime, I was a 8 hadicap when I played these courses....I shot 81 at Talon and 98 on Raptor during the weekend. Talon I think has more memorable holes...3 sisters, Devils Drink, Box Canyon, etc.  The clubhouse is amazing, the location is perfect, and the course is as close to being a member you can get without paying monthly dues and  a large retainer.  If u think $225 is too high to play golf....I think that you will miss out on one of the premier golf courses in the nation, and you should splurge once in a while because this is the course to splurge on.  If you have a junior...ask about junior play because juniors used to be able to play free and they give the youngings a hat for free as well...but check with this because this may have changed since I played there a few years ago.
2	As previous reviewers have stated, the course is an expensive but beautiful place to play. Those who greeted us when we arrived and left displayed impeccable service...so, why the two stars? I suppose it's unfair, but a fact of life, that an experience is remembered not by how much went right, but how much went wrong. Our foursome came to the golf course after a long conference, expecting an opporunity to unwind, talk business, and enjoy some fun after a few days of work. It appears we were scheduled to play ahead of two scratch threesomes. We fell about a hole behind those in front of us, and had planned to start letting those behind us play through at the 1st par 3 opportunity on the Raptor course.Right before we got to the first par 3, we were accosted by the rangers. No polite request to speed up play, or to let those behind us play through. Instead, we were critiqued for our slowness of play, and the trouble we were causing those behind, and if we "planned to speed up", as if we were playing slow purposefully. So, we allowed the 1st 3-some behind us pass through.. and immediately on the next hole, were accosted by the very same rangers! Now, we could still see the 3-some we just let pass through teeing off on the hole ahead of us, and yet we were accosted for our slow play.So, regardless of the service we received coming and leaving, regardless of the beautiful vistas, all I remember when I think of this golf course is our discourse with the ranger, which is a shame.
1	An average review that wont sway the scales is in order. I took my mom here for mothers day a couple of years ago and had an absolutely awful experience, which embarrased me beyond belief. The bag boys were rude, the pro shop was unjustly impatient, the snack bar was closed (they said it would be open,) and the drink cart did not come by one time during our entire round. We even called the pro shop from cell phones to complain on about the 12th hole saying there was no water in the drinking water jugs on the course, the cart girl had never come by, and the bathrooms were all locked and the cart key did not open them. The guys in the shop were apologetic, and said they would send someone right out to help us, but we didn't see anyone. On the 14th hole, the ranger came by and he had some towels which kept us cool, and we let him know how disappointed we were that the drink cart wasn't coming by, the snack bar was closed, and there was no water in the drinking water jugs. Basically that we could not get water, and it was 100 degrees outside! He apologized profusely and said he would see us on the next hole with waters and bathroom keys, but we never did see him the rest of the round.When we got back to the clubhouse, the bag boy was sitting on a chair under an umbrella watching us take the bags off the cart and stare him down. I'm sure he realized we were pissed he wasn't doing his job, but he offered no apologies or assistance. I later told someone in the pro shop about all the problems we had and he basically told us that we should expect this in the summertime. I've played golf for 20 years in Arizona, and most of it in the summer because I can actually afford to play then, and never had such an awful experience. I felt like I was playing on a closed golf course. A letter to their director of golf Joe Shershanova got a written apology and a comp round, but it didn't make up a ruined mothers day that I spent a lot of my hard earned money on... I don't make much.The second experience was average.
5	raptor.  what a tough course.  made tougher by the fact that: 1. i only had about 4 hours sleep the night before (the first time i played it).2. i had just played the westin resort course the day before ... btw, not to digress but playing the westin before playing grayhawk is not advisable,  it's like warming up by wrestling tiger cub then going in to wrestle a adult tiger... NOT the same thing!3. i played with a couple scratch golfers who wanted to play the one-ups as opposed to the mortal men's tees beautiful course.  never really had a bad lie.  never really had a bumpy or slow green.  very narrow fairways though.  i think it would have been smart of me to use my fairway wood to tee off instead of the driver.  i lost a lot of balls becasue of the copious out-of-bounds areas and narrow holes.  i even lost one ball when i was approaching the greens from 170 yards.  i hit a really pretty excellent 6 iron that headed straight for the middle of the green but drew just a bit to miss the green by about 5 yards.  yep.  15 feet off the green, about 40 feet to the pin.  pretty decent approach.  lost the ball.  that's how narrow the course is.  if you want a challenge go check the place out but don't be surprised if you score much worse than you normally do. the second time i played it (recently) i did a bit better.  scored four pars on the back nine (nearly five) after getting crushed on the front 9.
3	A beautiful course that is meticulously maintained. The restaurant was basically ok...although a tad on the pricey side as is to be expected.  Food was not memorable enough to recall what I had when I was there earlier in the week.
2	No doubt this is a nice facility and course but for the money I was disappointed. Why you ask? All the greens were sanded and no one mentioned it to any of the 7 people in our group while checking in. We had planned the trip months in advance and made the reservation and this was not mentioned.Frankly speaking I would not pay $200+ to play on sanded greens in Scottsdale, there are plenty of other options.
4	Nice club good layout the course was in good to above average shape. The cart girls were a bit rude or not friendly compared to the guys up front and in the club house. With all the courses around there it may be a while before I go back there.
4	Great customer service, best pro shop I have seen, great food, an of course a great golf course. Played both courses and prefer the Talon course since it is tighter an tougher tee to green even though it is shorter.   A truly first class golf course and must play when in Scottsdale.  Only part that needs improvement is the greens.  They were quite slower than I'm used to and could have rolled better.
5	Played Raptor on Monday. Golf course was in great shape. GREAT shape. Perfectly manicured Tees, fairways and greens. Staff was incredible, and the bartender in Phil's Grill made me two very potent Vodka-Diets! Service was 5-Star, as was the Course. We were a 3-some and finished in just under 4 hours.....not bad for 3 hackers. I'm a 20 hdcp, and shot an honest 105. Shut up, don't judge me. Greens are brutally tough, but if you keep it on the fairway, and hit some GIR's, you should do well. I only lost 2 balls, and one was on the 18th while trying to go for it in 2.....and #2 went swimming! ha ha. Killer hat selection in the pro shop, too. Will be back this summer.....stand by.
2	We played the Talon Course a few weeks ago.  I was super excited to finally play Grayhawk...it's on my list of AZ courses and I could check it off.  However, my excitement turned into disappointment by the end of the day.  Here's why:- No GPS.  What's with the courses out here in AZ???  Very few have GPS yardage markers on their carts.  - Crappy yardage markers.  Ok, so you don't have GPS, at least have decent yardage markers on the course....nope.  We had a difficult time gauging our distance during the round.  Yes, we ended up downloading an app to help out with that, but those things are not very reliable....we were 10-15 yds off all day.  Very frustrating.- Only 1 drink cart for 2 courses?!  Yes, it was blazing hot....100+ degrees and in 1 round only saw the drink cart twice!  Why?  She explained that she was the only drink cart serving both courses.....come on you cheapos, it's not that expensive to hire drink cart girls....it's very low cost labor and very noticeable to your customers....big disappointment.- The course itself was average, the greens average.  Everything was average.With all of the problems above and an average course....it's a legit 2 Stars in my book.I hope they get their stuff together.Return Factor - 20%
4	Played the Raptor course on a HOT Sunday and found the course to be in great shape.  Greens rolling a bit slower than expected, since it was hot, but there was no damage on them.  The course gives you lots of variety in terms of undulations on the green as well as on the fairways.  You have to be hitting and putting the ball well to score well there.  I played with two other guys from the area, ,no pros any of us, and we did the round in  4.5 hours, never waiting on a single tee.Not sure why some other reviewers found the service bad...I thought it was excellent.  All the people very friendly and accommodating.  The cart girl came around numerous times during our round, and the staff in the clubhouse great.I did golf in low season, beginning of Sept, but got a great deal, $60 green fees plus a voucher for lunch in Phil's Grill..can't beat that.
4	I am a frequent dinner at grayhawk.   We love the laid back atmosphere.   Kids are welcome to be kids!   The patios are superb.   We have many favorites,  but I really enjoyed the quinoa salad this week!  @ quinterogolf
5	I recently played here for the twilight price in prime season so I didn't have to pay the regular 225 rate just as a disclaimer. I think this is an absolutely premier course. I think there are 2 types of golfers, those that are looking for a beautiful AND challenging course and those that are looking for 5 star amenities such as the things mentioned below in other reviews such as beautiful vistas, top notch service, and such. This course is a players course, meaning it can eat you alive if you are unprepared for it. The challenge on just about every hole will put your skills to the test so if you are uncomfortable with that, this is not for you. I played Raptor and was very impressed with the condition of the course. The greens were fast and offered many subtle breaks along the way so you really need to concentrate on what you're doing. As far as service goes, on my trip to Arizona, I didn't find any better than at Grayhawk. Everyone was very friendly and gave us the attention we needed without being over done. I would definitely recommend this course to someone who is looking for a true test of their golf skills.
1	I love this golf course, but had an awful experience with customer service during my last visit. I dropped my clubs off early for a tee time and they thought that my clubs were a rental set (full titleist AP2 set - 913 woods and a scotty cameron putter). They gave my clubs to some random person who took my clubs to the range. After they brought them back, I noticed a skymark on my driver and multiple clubs had been hit. The person also went through my bag and took a full box of Pro V1s out.When I went to the manager in the pro shop all he did was offer me free drinks. I expect much more out of a premier club in Scottsdale. I won't be coming back any time soon.
4	playing in a 2 day tourney and the staff was great and so was the course.The Raptor course is a little tighter then the Talon. Talon has some tougher greens though. so pick your poison if you cant deciede on what course to play. 17th on raptor has an island green. both are great courses
5	Grayhawk Golf Club is one of the best public golf experiences in the state. The staff could not be any more courteous to you as a first time or returning guest. I love that they offer two incredible 18-hole Championship golf courses, and also provide you with two separate driving ranges for warming up.The course itself, even in the dead of summer, was immaculately groomed and was in top notch playing condition - a true beauty of a track. I highly recommend Grayhawk if you're in Scottsdale and you're looking for the real deal "Arizona" golf experience.
2	Apparently when you pay $185 to play the golf course it's too difficult to blow the grass clippings off the fairways. I don't mean to sound like an elitist prick I'm far from it. But when you've been living in Scottsdale for close to a decade and play a course the first time with that price tag on it you expect close to perfection. Greens were slow and course was overall in mediocre shape. I understand everyone is going thru or just ending their overseed process but to charge what they do in the condition it's in is a joke. For the price I would much rather play We-ko-pa or troon north if I'm spending the money.
