4	I am so glad I found this consignment boutique! This self-proclaimed "savvy" shop totally delivers - they've got a great selection of shoes, purses, dresses, jeans and tops, plus more, for you to browse through. It's hard to walk in here and not find some great pieces to add to your wardrobe. The only area I found a bit lacking was thier jewelry selection; they didn't have much, and what was there wasn't so great (for my taste, at least.) Although, I'm sure being a consignment store, that changes from time to time. The girls who work here are so nice and accomodating! Happy shopping!
3	I went to JT Posh after reading about it in Charlotte Magazine, and was excited to hunt for upscale bargains and treasures.  Though there were plenty of these here, they were not sized for my more voluptuous behind or bosom.  That's right--it's really only a fun store to shop in if you are a 0-4.  I did like some of the purses, and the shoes, but even then, the shoes were too big (despite my large bottom, my feet happen to be a dainty size 6).  Things are still a little pricey, but the sale rack had some great deals, if you can fit into them.  The jewelry was a bit lacking, but I'm sure this changes frequently.
4	I'm not a huge consignment shopper but J.T. Posh has definitely turned me onto it.  I always seem to find the most unique pieces there, whether it's a fun and flirty summer dress with pockets or an elegant sheer long sleeve shirt, it's always up-to-date and never before seen.  They carry a large majority of current brand names and it shows with the quality of the selection they carry.  The jeans are always the first thing I like to check out considering they carry Citizens and Sevens for half the price.  If you know what language I'm speaking right now, you know that's a huge win!  J.T. Posh also carries a great array of handbags and shoes.  The jewelry is just like the clothes...every piece stands out against the next and I never feel like I run into people with the same stuff.  They have great sales but you need to catch them, if you don't you may find it a little too pricey.  Nevertheless, you will fall in love and you'll realize there is a lot of personality you can bring to each piece.
4	If you live in my house then you know that I *may* have a bit of a shopping habit. Maybe. Therefore, it's not surprise that not only do I enjoy to shop, but I also "acquire" quite the collection of handbags, jeans, etc. In comes J.T. Posh to alleviate some of my upscale goods and also provide an option for....um...reinvestment?! This sweet little consignment shop is one of the best in Charlotte - it's very, very clean, well organized and full of other ladies' goods. They also occasionally bring it brand new items from boutiques that are letting go of extra inventory. You'll find countless pairs of designer jeans in great shape, jewelry, handbags, tops, dresses, sweaters and shoes. Prices are just right, especially considering the merchandise is typically in great condition. A few treasures I've found here: a lovely Rebecca Taylor sleeveless top, an already tailored pair of Joe's jeans and a flowy silk BCBG top that was practically brand new. You can check out their website On the sales side, you can bring in your well kept designer duds to sell to others. I've sold a few pairs of jeans and a couple of bags here....I'm sure husband would be delighted if I brought in more! Ah wishful thinking. They keep and sell your goods for 60 days and you'll receive 40% of the sales price. And that's where the reinvestment comes in...While I won't find a treasure in my size every time I come in, it's a great stop to peruse the racks and check for some fab deals.
5	A couple months ago,  I visited JTPosh for the first time with a stylist we often colab with looking for clothes to feature in the spring issue of a local fashion magazine that'd contracted us to develolp an eight-page photography editorial. We were both blown away by the quality and selection of high-end pieces available (I nearly walked out with an Hermes scarf for myself). We usually mix things up a bit more with where we get our clothes for these projects--but with the variety of designers Posh had, we got nearly everthing (including new artisan-made jewelry) from this one place.
4	You had me at "draw for extra percentage off." Nicole W. frequents this place and gets scores of fashionably fun items. Eyeing the latest sale and further encouraged by saving more and entering a contest, I couldn't resist and found myself there on Small Business Saturday. It's tucked away in a shopping plaza and this boutique is neatly stocked with new candles and jewelry and gently used (consigned) apparel, handbags, and shoes. Fun jewelry selection by Towne & Reese, which now happen to be part of my collection.Truth be told, I'm not much of a consignment goer since historically I have not had any luck finding anything at a price and size that fits me. However, this shop is easily shop-able, clean, and has very friendly sales staff. I wouldn't mind coming back since I had such a nice experience.
2	Post weekday brunch at Toast (the perfect time to shop) I stopped in. I was impressed by the organization, the variety of sizes and colors, the accessories (Marc Jacobs stam bag for $500?), but once I got down to actually wanted to find something in my size, I was a little disappointed. I then switched over to helping my sister find a new dress, but even in her smaller size, she didn't have much to pick from once you eliminated the casual sun dresses and the work attire. Everything that we thought we liked fell into the 0 - 4 range, which my sister sometimes falls into - but just not with all the boutique brands. Six dresses later, no dice, and no help from any associates.They had some cute jewelry, but for the most part nothing spoke to me. The two girls behind the counter (who seemed to be glued there) didn't say much to us, or any of the other customers either (until they decided to purchase something). However I heard plenty from the two on their thoughts on the parking situation (it's never been great here, oh well), as well as rants and raves of fellow center businesses, and most of them were rants. I was a little put off that they thought it was appropriate to talk trash about and potentially turn business away from the strip with a conversation they definitely could have had while no customers were in the store. I feel like in a center like this, where there's no real competition between two stores selling the same products/services, they'd all be open to supporting each other - but I guess not. I won't say I'll never stop in again, because they do have some good brands, I just hope next time I catch the girls working there on a better day.
5	I LOVE JT Posh!! I've been shopping there for a couple years now and always enjoy my visits to the store. They have a great selection of amazing brands and I feel like I've never left without something to die for in my bag. If you like your designer brands, but not the amount at the bottom of your receipt in a boutique or mall, this is the store for you! The owner/staff do an amazing job of checking all of the clothes so everything is in fantastic condition / like new. Some things even still have the tags on! They carry brands like DVF, Tory Burch, Michael Kors, Tibi, etc. and always have a ton of jeans to choose from - J Brand, Sevens, Citizens, Joe's.... The store is super cute and feels like a boutique with feminine accents throughout. They also carry shoes and handbags that are equally amazing. And if you're a Towne and Reese fan, they always have a nice supply to choose from. The girls are very sweet and helpful and the inventory is always changing and matching the season which makes it feel like a new and exciting experience every time. Definitely recommend checking them out if you haven't already!
3	I stopped in JT Posh this afternoon after leaving J Majors to look for a wedding dress. I read about JT Posh having good prices on quality items so I was expecting to find some good deals. I was impressed by how neat and organized the store was, not always typical in consignment shops. The ladies were also extremely helpful and friendly. I was unfortunately disappointed with the selection and price of their items. This store sort of made me think, pre-owned Anthropologie. They also had a few BCBG items, which you can buy new at TJ Maxx for the same price. They seemed to primarily have dressy and business casual clothing. They also had a few designer shoes. I saw a pair of Michael Kors wedges I liked but they were very worn on the bottom and the inside of the shoes were coming apart, for 40 bucks I'd rather buy something new at the same price point. I'm not sure if it's because of the economy, but a lot of consignment shops seem to primarily carry items that are on the brig of going out of style for at least half the price of the same item brand new. I have come to the conclusion if I'm going to buy something that will go out of style within the next year for at least half of the original price, I'll just buy new, so I can at least get a few years of wear out of it.
5	The best consignment shop I've found in Charlotte! I am a huge consignment fan, both the consigning part and shopping. I have shopped at JT Posh since they opened years ago. I've never left the store with nothing. They always have a great selection! That's what's hard about consignment shopping is you can't always count on good inventory; but you can here! They always have a good amount of everything from jeans to shoes. The best brands at the best prices I have found! Brands like Tory Burch, Milly, Nanette Lepore, Trina Turk etc for typically under $100! They do carry the best brands. The condition of clothes are always great. It seems that they do a great job of looking things over. Sizes always vary because it all depends on who consigned items recently. It's also very nicely displayed and pretty inside. Very much like a boutique. Nice layout! The staff is always super sweet and helpful. It seems like they appreciate their customers and want everyone to find something they love. The consigning process is always quick and easy. I'm always happy with the turnover time and the price I get for my items. I'm a huge fan of JT Posh and recommend it for any savvy shopper (like me)!
4	I happened upon JT Posh by accident when I was searching for IC London, and found out that they had a popup store in JT Posh near Toast and J Majors.  Because of the name, I guess I always thought it was a men's store, but it is a delightful consignment shop. Many consignment shops in town either are targeting an older audience, but at JT Posh there are tons of cute, on trend styles in all different colors and patterns. The store is also merchandised more by category than sizing, which makes it a little tougher to find what you want, but the stylish way they have it merchandised it makes it feel more like a specialty boutique and more fun to shop. It's not overloaded with merchandise, but the large size of the store allows for a wide selection. They offer lots of nationally known brands and designers that you know and love as well as a large section for maternity clothes that are actually stylish. I will definitely be back!Bottom line: 4.5 stars for shopping (no rating yet for selling).
5	Love, Love, Love JT Posh!  First the location is great (especially if you hit up Toast right before!)....the selection is great!  I went to their 6-year anniversary party on Thursday evening and it was a lot of fun!  Goody bags with cute earrings and coupons from other vendors and nice tasty treats.  I found a Marc by Marc Jacobs bag marked down to $138 with all the discounts!  Can't pass that up!  They also have a great maternity section, a PLUS for those of us who don't want to spend high dollar for temporary gear.  :)  Definitely, a must-go for the newcomers of Charlotte!
5	JT Posh is one if the vendors that participated in the Charlotte Shopping Tour.  They have a great selection of designer consignment pieces from dresses, jeans and tops to shoes and handbags.  They also have fantastic new jewelry at really reasonable prices.  The lay out of the store and clothes racks make the store easy to shop.
3	I am a fashion fiend and even more so for bargain and recycled clothing and was really pumped to learn about JT Posh after doing a quick search for consignment stores in the Charlotte area.  The store is super cute, with nice, clean decorating and a big bright layout.  They had lots to choose from, especially with dresses, which I am always looking to buy!On the downside, the prices still seemed a bit steep for being second hand clothing, even with the clearance items.  I was also a bit disappointed to not find a wider selection of shoes and bags, but it might have just been an off day too.Hint: There's a 10% off deal for checking in through Yelp, so that can help with their prices!
3	It's a nice feel, very good layout, from the outside this doesn't even look like a consignment shop. The clothes are hung up very nicely and the store does not feel cramped. Nice elegant chandeliers and very tasteful decorations. But...the prices are NOT WORTH IT. I'd say if you can snipe something off their $10  racks, then yes, it's worth it but for the amount that they ask for, I would rather try bidding something off ebay, buy brand new at a department store when they have good sales or just buy a similar look at Marshall's. $69 for a Juicy Blazer, coats average around $89-$149, dresses range from $49-189. They carry most major brands that Nordstroms and Neiman Marcus would have, I am surprised that they even have some ultra high end brands like Louis Vuitton, Fendi and Prada. But you will still be paying a hefty price for those item, a small LV purse was listed for $699, used...I don't know, the prices just do not justify buying used. Might as well save up and buy one nice treat for yourself than a bunch of overpriced used items that are not exactly what you want, my opinion. This lady was buying a pair of Tory Burch Flats and I saw how much they cost, I personally own the exact same pair of flats and I were able to get them cheaper elsewhere for $40 less.The store clerks are overall pretty friendly and trendy. It's nice if you want to just come and look around and maybe you'll spot something nice, but this is definitely not somewhere I would come on a regularly basis because it really does not have anything that special to offer.
3	I was picking up a dress that was being altered at Anna's alterations on Park Rd. was  a consignment shop, JT Posh. I am still learning the art of "thrift" shopping.I usually panic when I walk into traditional thrift shops....overloaded racksand little room in the aisles.  But this store is boutique-like...lots of room, well lite,and lots of choices.  There are "old" and new pieces by great designers.  Of course, I waled out with a few pieces to expand my wardrobe.  I don't live in Charlotte, but I am going to tell locals to check it out.
1	They have fine stuff, but horrendously rude staff. I cringe thinking that I've given them business in the past.I was there over the weekend and was pretty shocked that they didn't knock to see whether a dressing room was in use. Instead, they shadily peered in through the curtain. wtf.While I was there, the staff caused a huge scene in the dressing room, scolding and berating a customer for trying on clothes in an open dressing room that apparently had been reserved for someone else. Every customer in the room was embarrassed for her. I know this, because we all talked about it and tried to console the customer when the staff member left the dressing area. If your customers all agree that you behaved terribly and talk about in your store, you are doing something wrong.They're rude and unprofessional. They also don't accept returns or exchanges. I get that, but it sucks when you accidentally buy one pair of pants when you meant to purchase another. When I called to plead with them to help fix the problem, I was told, after much begging, I could consign the pants back for less than 40% of what I bought them for.... If I was willing to wait for an appointment 2 months away. This cannot be the first time this had happened and that's some crappy resolution for ya. Ughhh
