4	This is where I can catch a Red Sox game in the West on a big screen and enjoy myself. They have a drink here called the Green Monster...order it and you'll feel the buzz. Guys love it here because the servers wear very tight halter tops that tie above the navel and have lots of cleavage. I like it because the boys here are big, handsome and love to have a good time!!!
3	Remember name that tune?  Well, I can name (describe) this bar in 2 words or less.  (The crowd goes "Wooooooooooo".  My opponent lets a bead of sweat run down their forehead.  They know they can't do better....)Are you ready?  Scottish HootersSee if this is familiar to you.  Food that is ok in general with a couple of "specialties" that rise a bit above the rest.  Lots of big screens on all over the place,  showing the big games that are on that night.  And for some reason guys often aren't able to finish a sentance without pausing as their eyes follow one of the waitresses walking by.  Now add to that an AMAZING amount of noise.  We were part of a large party and I couldn't hear more than 1 person from me without the other person yelling.  Then know that several times during your evening there will be jokes about what the girls, and the boys (bartenders) really are wearing under their kilts. It appears there is quite a bit of parking, but folks getting there after 7 on a Friday night had to park at the shopping center across the street.  It gets THAT full.My friend, after checking out "the View" said, "Ok, I'd drive from Surprise for a glass of water here."  That really describes it from a male perspective.  No one will talk about the food when you leave. Only the kilts.  Which isn't so bad....
3	I think the guy who wrote "Scottish Hooters" called it.  It was a good place to go after Heart Attack Grill, but now they're closed, so I never go down there...
3	All I have to say on this one is... AMAZING GARLIC FRIES!!!  If you want a relaxing atmosphere for a few drinks, a large patio to get some fresh air, maybe a game of pool and some good food, then this is a pretty decent place!  It's a good size bar, so I wasn't smushed against other people.
3	I had no idea that this place was a large national chain because, surprisingly, it has more of a 'local-bar' feel, complete with all the tools and townies in here who think that they will hook up with a waitress because he ordered a Hoegaarden instead of a Miller Lite.  Its a totally cheesy bar, but its not bad as a gamewatching spot for a game that you aren't completely invested in, maybe catching a beer, some chicken tenders, and a couple of quarters of the game before moving on to Home Depot across the street or something.  Writing this review, I'm actually surprised upon recollection how many times I had been here.  We used to come for Suns playoff games, which was virtually impossible for seating purposes (at this point they start having table-waits) and parking.  The atmosphere was better than your average Valley sports bar however.  People seem to really care about sports here, though I wouldn't really classify it as a 'sports bar', rather a neighborhood type bar with screens.I also used to come here for poker nights, which I doubt they still do as too many 'bags came to drink iced tea and wouldn't tip the waitresses.  Maybe someone can inform if they still do.Then, we used to come after soccer rec league games, which was kind of a dweeby thing to do in our footy kits, but whatever.  It was a few years ago, anyway.  Still, this is the type of place that gets people right from their beer guzzler rec leagues and into the bar still in their Mark Mitsubishi (Mark Mitsubishi) sponsored baseball tees.  This is the primary reason why you won't want to stick your hands into the huge barrels of Gardetto's mix, despite the unreal temptation for a dabble.  Overall, i suppose I can't really hate on this place too much.  Its kind of weak, but it is a decent option, particularly in the 'Took, where there just ain't many other options.  Just don't be one of the wanks who tries to pick up a waitress for the love of God.
3	I used to come here to play poker. It's a chain in the same spirit as Hooters or The Library in that they feature scantily clad young girls serving alcoholic beverages and a variety of fried foods while multiple televisions pointed at every angle display whatever sporting events that happen to be happening at the time. Tilted Kilt is a little more like the LIbrary in terms of the outfits the girls wear... similar to a stripper's version of a Catholic School Girl. I've always found the Hooters thing to be quite unappealing. If you come to Tilted Kilt for the buxom girls, you'll be both relieved to know that they are typically of the attractive ilk and disappointed to discover that they will never take their tops off for you - no matter what you tip them (just a guess, I've never tested this theory). It's hardly worth an ogle... maybe a glance from your periphery.So what's left is the food and the drink. Happily, the food is pretty decent - though it's odd. They have salads topped with sandwich innards and sandwiches filled with salads. I can't say it's health food, but it's tasty enough. I mean, who puts a philly cheese steak on top of a salad? I guess Tilted Kilt does. And it's not bad. Some of it is a bit flavorless, but add a bit of salt and it's fine. And some of it is downright great for that type of food. One of the better salad wraps I've had. This is definitely a man's hangout. I wouldn't suggest bringing a date here unless she also likes boobs busting out of tiny tops with bras showing, greasy fried meatatarian cuisine, and your attention drawn away from her lovely eyes towards whatever motocross, boxing or basketball event (in other words: beer commercials) happens to be on.The atmosphere is fairly generic, but comfortable. The drinks are stiff enough. And the prices aren't ridiculous. It's like any number of places - Red Robin, TGIFridays, etc... except for the boobs. This place is between a 3 and a 4 for me, but since I can't say I'm a "fan" I'll have to leave it at 3. It's nice enough though and I wouldn't turn down an invite to go here... it just wouldn't be a place I'd pick.
2	The Tilted Kilt is your average sports bar.  Lots of TV's to view. Most are LCD TV's but a couple are projection TV, so the view is big. The bar is located on Warner just west of Kyrene on the north side of the street.  Lot's of beer brands available, both on tap and bottles.  Food is nothing to write home about, what I would call average quality. I'm sure the guys are not there for the quality of the food. I'd guess they are there for the outfits worn by the waitressess, which, by the way, are quite applealing. My buddies and I golf a lot in the east valley, so it's a good place to get a bite to eat after playing 18 holes.
5	To Hell with Hooters and Half Moon! They ain't got sh*t on the Kilt.  Whoops the Ni99a came out for a min.  Get back in there, they're not ready. lol The Kilt has decent plasmas, and lots of room (except for UFC matches, so crowded no one else was admited). I love the 3 dollar jack and cokes (24/7 - 365), and the hot wings here are to fall back in your chair and die for. Not to mention the Tempe location has some very attractive eye candy for me and my entourage. Ask me about a good sports bar for UFC and this is it.
1	While it's difficult for me to give a place that serves Dead Guy Ale and cider on tap one star, the "pint" glass issue bothers me, as an honest and seasoned drinker. American pints are supposed to hold 16 ounces of delicious liquid happiness, but Tilted Kilt's thick-walled, thick-bottomed glasses only seem to hold 12 ounces (I also tested this with a 12-ounce bottle). I just don't see this place as having to cut corners like that, given its popularity.Not to mention the fact that it's a bit shameful for an Irish/English themed bar to not serve Imperial pints, in my opinion.Aside from that fact, it seems to be a decent place to watch games, ogle scantily clad waitresses, be cheated out of 4 ounces, or do other quite manly stuff that manly men do in sports bars. The food is also largely forgettable, but adequate for sports bar food.
3	Garlic Fries are AWESOME!!!The Girls with the skirts and boobs are awesome although sometimes they can be quite aloof.   Tues night Craps games is awesome.  Good place to watch football on sunday.  Most of the food is so so.Fun place to meet friends.
5	Really great sports bar. Food is good, prices are reasonable and the waitresses are hot and very friendly. They even show the UFC fights, which is a definite plus.
3	The cheap thrills of Hooters in a much cooler environment with much better food.Went for lunch with 6 men that I'm working with as the only girl.  Opted for the chicken tender wrap, "tilted", with blue cheese instead of ranch.  The wrap was pretty good, though I should have asked for the blue cheese on the side.  The fries were excellent - crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside.My objective female opinion is that the uniforms for the girls here are far more flattering than those heinous "flesh" colored tights and bright orange running shorts that the Hooters girls have to wear. As for the pub part, one of the group said it best - "We should have come for happy hour instead of lunch."  That's what I'm going to recommend the next time the vendors suggest this place for lunch.  I've never minded establishments such as this when I've got a nice cold beverage in hand.
5	Large sports bar with lots of large screen TV's spread around the bar. Has outside patios with misters,  several  pool tables,  long bar and plenty of seating.I like this place because of the good selection of beers on tap. They even have two of my favorites Boddingtons Ale which is unusual for an American bar and Samuel Adams.The selection of food is good - plenty of different types of burgers, fish and chips, wings etc. etc.These guys seem to focus on service always trying to smile, say hi, shake hands etc.Also has usual happy hour and specials.
3	Tilted Kilt is alright. I have been here a few times and what stands out in my mind is nice decor with many tvs, good beer selection, but crappy service and food. I am really big on service, coming from the industry for over 7 years, so when I get bad service, I get in a bad mood. The girls are pretty lucky they are hot because I don't think it would fly otherwise. The fish n chips I had were not good, obviously just poured from a bag, which is disappointing. I felt the server was really flaky and inattentive, she was sitting with a group of guys pretty much the whole time, while I was waiting for my napkins, then my malt vinegar, ugh. Then she came to tell us she was going on a smoke break and I don't think I saw her after that. All in all, I can appreciate a cute girl in sexy kilts (I was actually hired to work here when they first opened) and I love me some good beers and flat screens, but I will pass on the whole dining experience.
1	Previously the service was pretty good and as I mentioned a good selection of beers, but recently service has dropped off. The guys serving behind the bar are pretty good and attentive, but recently they have hired a few girls who are rather inattentive and don't seem to care. More interested in chatting with the guys behind the bar....12/1/13  - service is still atrocious, but funny how one gets used to it.  So I walked in last week and thought I would see if it's as bad as ever.  Sat at the counter across from the bar as usual for approx 10 mins with the odd server walking past me without asking if I needed anything. So I do my usual and walk over and ask the bar man for a pint. Oh oh well they are not selling Boddingtons anymore - so that's a real downer. Never mind I ask for a Sam Adams and take it back to my seat, The barman says he will send a waiter over to take my food order. No one comes over of course so after another approx 10 mins I walk over and ask one of the waitresses for some fish and chips. Well I finish up my pint and fish and chips and ask for the bill. So the bill comes, but it's approx 2 x what it should be. I must say the server was very sweet, but very new and had obviously been doing this only for a few days. I wouldn't blame the server, but the totally useless management. How difficult can it be to ensure that you assign servers to each set of seats ; so that customers aren't having to hunt down waitresses?That reminds me - I better check my credit card to see if they backed out the double charge....
5	A group of us came here after an Angels spring training game and every one of us fell in love with it. I was with a group of guys drinking for 6 hours surrounded by servers dressed in short kilts, baring midriffs, and massive amounts of cleavage, of course they loved it. We came during happy hour where domestic beers were $3, imports were $5 and almost all appetizers were $5. Awesome place to hang out, drink, and much.
3	I actually went here several months ago, and just realized I never reviewed it.  Nice beer selection, good decor and plenty of tv's for watching sports.  I was actually there on a random weeknight with a buddy and I could count the number of people on two hands.  It wasn't exactly hopping, but the service was great.  A couple of the waitresses actually sat down at our table and chatted for a while.  Can't complain...
4	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):7 Food8 Service9 Atmosphere8 ValueI think I like this place.  It'll need a few more trials though to make sure.  I was there for lunch to watch the Germany WC game, so it was during work and I couldn't get any drinks.  They did a GREAT job catering to the WC crowd.Though, for some reason, it just feels odd watching girls walk around with their boobs out when you can't have a beer.Next time, I'm having a beer.
4	For having a "normal" experience at one of the other locations, this one was great.  I do believe that the layout of this location is EXCELLENT.  The massive TVs are a HUGE plus.  I was totally diggin' that at my bar seat, the TVs were the PERFECT distance from my eyes where it didn't blind me.  It was awesome!Another thing... GET THE DRUNKEN CLAMS.  I swear, I wanted to drink the broth after I was done.  There were a ton of clams and it was just great.I also got the Gaelic Chicken... OMG. I absolutely hate saying "OMG" but OMG.Get it.  If you like chicken, onions, mushrooms, mashed 'taters and an excellent sauce to top it all... GET IT.The waitress was real nice and cute little thing too. Alana... I liked that she put her name on our little drink coasters.  That's how I remember her name.
4	For a few games of pool and a few pints you really can't beat this place. The staff are always 100% friendly and the Shepherds Pie if pretty good too.
2	So I went here with a friend after spending a sweltering day apartment hunting in Chandler. I was hot, irritated, and in need of a cold beer and somewhere to hang for awhile. It was late on a Sunday afternoon, and I was parked at Home Depot across the street so I walked there. In other words, my expectations were low already, shouldn't be hard to please me right? Ha...As we approached the door, we were greeted by a chalkboard sign showcasing the featured beer of the month. August's beer of the month: Bud Light. Wtf. Already I am rethinking this place, but we're thirsty so we go in.Teeny tiny shirts and skirts on the waitresses: yeah, not my favorite part of the place. My male friend agreed, but you walk in knowing what you're getting into, so whatever. Skanky, dirty, sticky, food-coated bar during a lull with no customers: also, not so much a fan. Chose a seat and had to move because I didn't want to put my arms down on the counter.The encounter with the bartender went roughly as follows:My friend: So, the beer of the month is... Bud Light? Really? Bartender: Yep, Bud Light. (straight, serious face)Friend: Uh, yeah, because clearly Bud Light is the best beer ever.Bartender: Well, it is the best beer ever. I mean, it's my favorite beer. (still serious face, but now slightly defensive tone for mocking his beer-love.)Friend: Right. So I guess I'll just have a Miller Lite then.It's not a horrible place, and I'm sure I'll end up back there. I just think documentation is necessary when a bartender says his favorite beer is Bud Light.
3	what better combination for a regular guy: boobs and sports! needless to say I only stop here 'cos one of my male friends is celebrating something. Service is ok, and of course the kilted ladies will do all to get her tips....but don't complain if they forgot your drink was on happy hour, or that you can't eat a steak without cutlery. For beers...I rather sit always ten times at 4peaks!
3	I would give this place 1 star, but the view was worth another two.  2+1=3?  So the food was typical bar fare. Typical sandwiches typical drinks.  The service was lacking in just the basics.  Want silverware and napkins with your meal.  You gotta ask for it.  Want ketchup?  You have to ask.  Want someone to stop by and ask how your meal was? You have to go get the manager.  The girls serving were smokin' hot.  Incredibly cute and young.  Hot little skirts and outfits.  I guess you cant get good service and a view.  Why is that?
4	This place is so accommodating that they allowed our meet-up group to watch the Victoria's Secret fashion show on the big screen last night! Talk about service. The service was also spot on. I ate before I arrived, so didn't eat there...but my friends did and the food looked fresh and delicious! They have 2 pool tables (lack of brush to clean off all the debris on the pool table prevented me from giving them 5 stars), tons of TV and lots of room. We had the only table with females, which was typical for this type of bar i guess. The servers were dressed in stuff that may have been seen on the VS fashion show! The prices are very reasonable too! Will definitely be back for the food ^_~
2	I had the trainee waitress. Yay me. I wasn't a regular so I was more or less ignored. Fish and chips were mediocre at best, was hoping for more. All waitresses were easy on the eyes so that's a bonus..
4	First time here, not bad a atmosphere, service was good at the bar. Busy afternoon after a spring training game.
1	Food was Pretty good, beer was cold but service was shitty at best.
3	This was my first time at a Tilted Kilt. It's a good sports bar, lots of TVs playing games and not too loud, clean, etc. I liked the long bar in the center, it looks like a long shuffleboard table that you can sit on either side of, good for a small or large crowd. The staff was friendly, always making sure I had enough jack and coke (which was on happy hour so how could I say no?) I really liked the tk Irish nachos. I thought this place would be kind of like hooters but I felt like it was more like a regular sports bar, just with a theme. Maybe I've been to way too many clubs and bars that have staff dressed in similarly small outfits. I guess I make this comment for other girls that might think this is just a place for guys, I didn't think it was tacky in that way.  I would add this place to the list if I was looking for a chill sportbar.
3	Food is just average, service is pretty good, and seating is usually hard to find. Went here to watch UFC fight and ended up sitting outside - during the summer, yikes. Had one of the HUGE beers and got pretty toasted for a decent price.
4	I've been meaning to check out Tilted Kilt and the opportunity presented itself last week.It was kind of funny. Besides the waitresses, I was the only female in the whole place.Our server was busy but looked good so you can't really complain. Our food came out how we ordered and pretty quickly.We got the Irish nachos, which were on happy hour ($5) and the Kilt Club and split everything. I really enjoyed the Club. It had a pesto mayo on it that was really yummy and really good bread. The nachos were good but I enjoyed the sandwich more.I also loved the atmosphere. As a sports junkie, it was basically my kind of joint. They had drop down screens that played baseball so I was a happy camper.Definitely a fun place to check out the eye candy and watch a ball game. I'll be back.
2	This place has potential but I didn't care for the layout.  Long bar is neat but instead of all the small tv's they should have put in bigger one's and spread them out.  The large screens are neat, but sitting in the uncomfortable chairs sitting to close to them was bad planning.  I believe the owner is a Sooners fan so that game rules over others, even Devils games.  The volume wasn't on for the Devils game, wth.  Waitress was lazy, didn't come by the table often.  Chicken Tenders were good, with sweet and sour sauce.  Sweet Potato Fries are gross, doesn't taste anything like 'em.  I'd go to hang out and not expect much in the future.
5	Good cold brews, hot wings, cheese sticks all the good bar food you have come to love. Plus the girls were nice and very friendly.  Took some friends and everyone had a blast watching the games on many super XX large TV's.
2	Nothing fancy. Kind of a rowdy crowd. I'd consider this more than a bar than restaurant.Service was really friendly, though. Food wasn't spectacular.I was here for a gig, but I'm not sure I would have gone otherwise. I do, however, love when a venue supports local comedy.
5	I'm surprised that I'm giving this place five stars, but it really lives up to all of its promises. I've been in twice, and both times we were treated great. The first time we went and set at a long bar overlooking three huge-screen TV's. We ordered two of the beer towers and some appetizers. Our waitress was great - there when we needed her, not in our face. We were probably a little loud as well, but that fit right in. Our check wasn't bad either, for three people we spent about $15 each. Last Friday, I went in for some afternoon bar therapy and to watch the first few UFC fights. The two bartenders, whose names I forget, were spectacular. They had the bar under control, great teamwork. Overall, it was another great experience, exactly what I was looking for. 5/5 for being everything a Sports Bar should be.
3	How else would you start a mini vacation in the Phoenix area.  Well of course stop off at The Tilted Kilt for a quick drink and a few ok appetizers. Potatoe skins and wings, beer and booze.   Service was great.  It was not too busy but it was kinda late.  Would I go back well only if I have to.
4	Great food, awesome atmosphere.
4	decent food with decent prices. been here a few times and the waitresses are pretty attentative and friendly. service is awesome and makes up for any faults.
4	Great drinks and food. The girls on staff are really cute. The nice thing is the two pool tables.
2	So, all that matters is this -- the babes serving the slop and booze were cute and sexy as it gets. The skirts and revealing low tops are the ultimate fetish. Way better than Hooters. Having said that, I could see the same thing for free by sitting on Mill Av. Why are guys so desperate they will go to dumps like this just to see college aged girls bare some belly? TV screens are all over the place but I doubt many male eyes are focused on sports when the babes are making the rounds.THE FOOD IS TERRIBLE.  It's also overpriced.Whatever you do don't order fried onion rings. Very gross! Most of the food is what you would expect if you went to grandma's retirement village -- except for the fact that her oatmeal would be better than anything TK serves.I had to ask for napkins and silverware. Probably most guys that go to this voyeur palace don't use either so the babes don't bother putting them on the table.If the baby dolls (waitresses) knew anything about the food they served it would help to avoid all the bad food. Expect them to give vacuous opinions about anything on the menu. The babes are very good at one thing -- when presenting the bill they bend down very low to display their firm bosoms. What better way to generate generous tips!Actually if the babes were offered for dessert, I would give this place a 5 star!
1	I loathe this place. Partly because its a faux Irish pub*, partly because the service sucks and the food is mediocre at best. I go to bars for good drinks and good food.  If the staff is hot girls in skimpy outfits, that can be a bonus, not a replacement for the other two.There are places doing the "hot waitstaff" concept much better, find one and go there. Or better yet, find a bar you like that just happens to have a cute bartender, and be a regular there!*True story, was once having a bad day and needed a good Irish whiskey to cheer me up. I asked what their selection was and after ~5 minutes of searching their backbar they found a (singular) dusty bottle of bushmill's. Nothing else... weak sauce!
3	We Got A Piper Down!By The RueFor lunch today was the Tilted Kilt,I arrived in a car and not on stilts,This is not The House That Peter Built,When I play pinball I never tilt! My opinion it's a two star "pub",A lot of T.V.'s and mediocre grub,Take a shower or get in the tub,Maybe the girls will give you a chub.Went with the blackened chicken flatbread,Lettuce, tomato, onion, chipotle spread,Right after I ordered I thought in my head,I should have went with cheesesteak instead.It looked good right when it came out, After the first bite I wanted to shout, "Where is the chicken" I should have spout,But I sucked it up anyway, and I hate No Doubt. It's funny to see all the negative reviews, From all the guys who don't have a clue,Don't get mad when the chicks aren't into you,Go home and pout when you finish your brew.The ice tea was rich and strong how I like,Snoop Dogg called E-Z-E's mom a Frisco Dyke,If you're a stickler for food then you might dislike,The choices here but no reason to strike. It's a much better place to watch the game,Don't even bother asking your waitress her name,They get it all day long you're just the same,Another tool in a used BMW, what a shame. Courtney our waitress was right in stride,Efficient and cute and certainly not wide, To the girl with the huge tattoos down your side,I would marry you tomorrow and make you my bride!!HAGGIS!!!
4	Wow, so this is quite the place on a weekday night!   Lots of TV'S all around the joint!You won't miss a thing. The girls are all nice looking to say the least. Super skimpy outfits.I think it is a lot better than Hooters, The food is so so but, not horrilbe. Give it a try,it is for sure something very different.
4	It's an 'OU' bar because the owners are fans......change the stinkim channel to Pac 12 and turn the sound onto something else and consider the customers wants instead
4	Full bar, good burgers, and cleavage.  What more can you want?
4	My daughter called and told me to meet her and her husband at the Tilted Kilt on a Wednesday night, I didn't even question her as to why, just said ok I'll be their! Secretly I have been wanting to try Tilted Kilt for a while, so meet up with my friend, daughter and her hubby and found out its trivia night, omg how much fun is that?? Found out that happy hour is from 5pm to 7pm and I have to say they have a good selection of drinks & food on that happy hour menu, I went for 2 long island ice teas and some mozzarella sticks. Also ordered some potato skins with horseradish dipping sauce, omg I love love love horseradish sauce and potatoes so it was a win win for me on this dish!Also I have been suffering from an extreme sweet tooth, that sometimes only brownies can satisfy, so I ordered the brownie guilt and asked for extra caramel sauces, and yes that did the trick, cured my sweet tooth for sure! Have to say  it was a fun night, our team placed 7th out of 12 for trivia night (don't judge us haha ) look forward to going back to Tilted Kilt to try some more pub grub, booze and play trivia!
3	Visited this establishment over a year ago and also returned yesterday. Foodwise, the shepherd's pie was not too great as it was poorly assembled and this isn't really a real Irish pub anyway. Chicken quesadilla appetizer had a few good bites and happy hour has only a handful of $5 food specials, more focusing on the alcohol. Yesterday, I enjoyed a large 20oz beer for about $3.50 and sat on the nearly empty patio at prime time happy hour around 5:30pm. Inside was full of men everywhere watching golf and basically a man overload. You can only stare at the Tilted Kilt girls so long - so the novelty wears off after awhile. These girls seem less friendly here in Tempe, but they were all mostly gorgeous so the positives outweigh the negatives. Oh and join the email club and get a free order of Irish nachos.
4	Superbowl, friends, burgers and hot girls!! what else do i need to say?
2	This is not my first time here, so imagine my disappointment when the service sucked this time.  Sad part is that i have family from out of town with me.  Our waitress first off got the beers mixed up, OK things happen, next did not really listen to what we ordered.  My niece ordered BBQ sauce instead of ranch and mandarin oranges instead of fries and when the food came out she got ranch and fries, when the check came we got charged for the waitress' mistake.  I ordered chicken wings with blue cheese and guess what i received ranch dressing, on the ticket i was charged for that also.   I was also kind of surprised that for the price of wings you only get 8.  The parking sucked on top of all this.  I was so embarrassed that i brought my out of town guest to this place and after watching Undercover Boss, very sad.  The owner might want to check out this place himself.  It will be a long time before i go back myself or take anyone else there.
1	I would give tk zero stars if I could. They put on a party for st pattys day. A complete mess. Extra help walking around doing nothing. No service no food and no drinks. If you have a complaint keep it to yourself. They don't wanna hear it. Table was supposed to be 30 minutes. After an hour of asking and waiting patiently I realized the hostess clearly did not care. And it was not that crowded. I will not be back. No reason to deal with the garbage for sub par food.
4	The girls are nice, they know how to make you feel special, the food is good too. I had the bbq bacon burger with sweet potato fries. Moderately pricey but I'd go again if invited.
3	The service was pretty good, the bartender was ok. As I walked in, I noticed that it had a strange smell. I still don't know what that smell was, but it was odd. They have a pretty good happy hour and they also have a reverse happy hour, which is great if you missed the first one. Overall, place is ok. I had fun with my friends the drinks were good.
3	First time at restaurant. Big screen hard to see when seated right in front of it but the overall "views" were nice.  Waitress was ok seemed a little busy and food was normal bar food.
4	A few colleagues wanted to meet up for drinks and it was my turn to meet them on their side of town, so I drove all the way out to this location to have drinks & dinner.  It was around 6:30 pm on a Wednesday and it was pretty busy.  We were able to find a table and settled in.I ordered a BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger & Fries and washed it down with a pint of Smithwick's.  I've never had Smithwick's before, so I was anxious to give it a try.  It wasn't bad....a little lighter than I expected, but not bad.The Burger came out after a short wait and I devoured it in short order.  It was pretty good and the portion is large...filled me up nicely.After dinner, we hung out and watched a little baseball.  It was trivia night and it was kind of hard to follow the game with all of the trivia announcements.  Our waitress was nice and friendly and kept our glasses full.  Overall, a good night out.Return Factor - 80%
4	Maybe it's weird that I am a girl. But I like this bar. The service is always spot on. The staff is friendly and the beer is good and cold. Has a good happy hour menu and it may be swamped with guys but I still like the Tilted Kilt for the fact that you know what your getting!
2	Sunday "football" Funday??? My wife and I went in to have a good time watching the Packer game and have food.  We asked if they would turn on audio to any if the games... The server says,  Corporate tells managers NOT to turn on audio for games and instead to play oldies rock music.  So we left and went to Zipps. It was busy and had a good sports bar enviornment...
1	An irish bar with girls barely dressed, and one of the original corporate locations, on a Sunday at 11 am for NFL football (including the Cardinals game). How could they screw that up?Well, they did. Our table of 4 waited for 15 minutes and never got so much of a look from any of the waitresses. The restaurant was at best half full, and it was a football sunday, so I would expect to get a server when I sat down.The waitresses and hostess, the ones that I could see that wouldn't help us or acknowledge us in any way, were all ugly and looked pissed off to be there.I had seen the owner on undercover boss and thought he was a tool, so I'm kind of glad that I didn't spend any $ there, and I hope you don't as well. There are plenty of places that put service and food quality above whoring their waitresss, spend your money there instead.
5	Just had one of the most awesome burgers ever!  A bit crowded because of college football but still getting great service. Waitress let us know she would be with us in a minute and she was. Beer selection is great and cold. Love the 'rail', feels like sitting at the bar, but faces the big TVs instead. Well be back.
2	Not Good......I have eaten at many of the "Hooters" type of spinoff restaurants. This was my first time at Tilted Kilt Pub & Eatery. The ambiance was okay however the service here is horrible. The servers "Kilt Girls" would congregate around the reception desk, and look board, instead of "up-selling" or even just coming by the table and ask if we are okay. I did notice smiles when our server came to our table, however when our "Kilt Girl" and other servers left their table, it turned into grins, and bared the look of a un-enthused employee. We had to flag down our waitress several times, she forgot things we had asked for and was incredibly slow. The entire waitstaff seemed lethargic and unenthusiastic about their product and atmosphere. The servers represent the product and should be part of the product they are creating. Places like "Hooters" are well trained and confident and energized about their product, along with representation, presentation and theme. The hard critique just comes from over 35 yrs in the entertainment, & service industry...which is a hard thing to sell. This brand is a nice concept and looks nice, and albeit may be okay with the regulars, however with a seasoned service veteran I can see the flaws in this model. It could use improvement  in several phases. I believe the staff could utilize a great deal of re-training with an emphasis on customers service and pride in their brand.Conclusion;  I will not go back, and will visit elsewhere for a "view" and a brew, I left this place feeling heavy, and let down as a customer...
5	I'd been wanting to try one, they don't have a TK up where i am from NorCal. All i can say was WOW. This place made Hooters seem like McDonald's.  First off, the food was very good for a pub/sports bar spot, with an actual menu. The staff was not only beautiful, no attitudes and they actually knew how to serve and take care of their customers. The place had a great vibe and me and the boys will definitely be back! Our waitress was a total pro!
1	Horrible service. Disappointing food. Huge waste of almost 2 hours. We stopped in this afternoon for lunch and to catch up with a buddy. He arrived 10 min before us so I was quite surprised to see he didn't have a beer in front of him, we received our drinks and still he waited. It took OVER 20 MINUTES for him to get his Miller Light, there was no apology, no suggestion for a bottle or a different beer. We just sat there, being ignored. It took forever for us to actually get her attention long enough to place our order as well. The only good thing about our experience was the spinach and artichoke dip we had as an appetizer (it was actually really good, but not good enough to bump my review from 1 star).My buddy, who was quite depressed about the NASCAR race being delayed obviously needed another beer to drown his redneck sorrows but despite telling our server, the beer never came so he went up to the bar and asked the bartender to pour him one. After she poured it, she went and pulled the tickets of all the drinks she needed to pour. There were five tickets, clearly standing there staring at her nails was more important. Finally our food came but we still didn't have silverware, (despite wanting some when our appetizer arrived). Since it's a little difficult to eat a salad without a fork... I immediately asked for one (again) along with more water. Now you'd think grabbing silverware would be on the top of her priority list, nope...chatting (by chatting, I mean flirting with her obnoxious fake laugh) with another table was obviously more important. After sitting there patiently waiting for a while, my buddy got up in search of a fork. One of the other servers brought the silverware over but slammed them on the table with one hell of an attitude. At this point, I'm so over this restaurant. Then I bit into my chicken. It's very possible it was cooked yesterday, left under the heat lamp for a day then cut into strips when my order came back. I've had jerky that's been easier to chew!!Finally our server came over to ask how everything was...well I still don't have my water and my bf would like more coke, but I'm not holding my breath. We spent the whole time waiting and waiting for our server to do her job. It was ridiculous, at one point we started timing her...8 minutes for a refill is completely unacceptable!! She's lucky I wasn't the one paying, there's no way she would have received the 20% tip my bf felt obligated to leave. She didn't deserve it. She was horrible, incompetent and lazy! I will NEVER be back, not just to this location but the tilted kilt in general.
1	I lived in center Phoenix and frequently visited the TK there, is was always a great place to go.  I recently moved to Tempe, and this TK is about a block from my house.  Now, I understand that anyone can have a bad night, but three times??? I gave the place a second and third chance, not friendly, and terrible service.  I feel like it is an inconvenience to the waitresses to have customers.  Very bad culture there.  So, I just looked up the rating on yelp, and yep, this location has the lowest rating.  Funny, since the headquarters sits in the same parking lot.  Avoid this one!  Enjoy the rest...
1	Horrible!  Should have read the reviews before we came here.  A friend wanted to try it.  Teakwoods down the street is 100% better.  Service here is too slow for ordinary bar food.  Not to mention $5.50 for flat draft Bud Light.  If you can mess up Bud Light you could screw up a one car funeral!
3	Not quite what it used to be. Its not bad by any means, its just not great. Food is decent and the beer is ice cold. Not a place that i crave but i'll definitely be back sometime.
4	super fun place for food and drinks. amazingly fiendly staff and super fun atmosphere make tilted kilt a must
4	good beer selection - pretty decent food for a bar. service is random.
4	Chicken club is always excellent - two. Strips of bacon and Swiss cheese on soft warm bun, along with garlic fries is a fantastic meal. The TK wings are the best I have ever had - anywhere. Beer is always very cold and of course the beautiful girls are always easy on the eyes. The huge bar is a great place to sit - lots of tv's with sports and lots of seats. Believe it or not, the food is excellent and is the reason to go there - and of course the girls are great too!
2	Terrible service. Wings were just okay.WARNING watch out for the bartenders writing in/changing tips on your receipts....Didn't notice on my account until a week later, but the bartender took it upon herself to write in a $3 tip on my receipt. I keep my receipts and usually leave a $ in the tip spot(meaning I left cash as tip)  but I can't believe some bartender was so damn greedy she needed to write in a 3 tip on my receipt which easily changed the total from 11 to 14. Smart. Wonder how many times this b!tch has gotten away with that trick. Name on ticket was MARCI, but I don't remember if that was the actual bartenders name. Will not ever be back!!
1	Food Poisoning... I have come to this location a few times. The first two times were good, the food was alright and nothing special. However, the last time I went, about 3 months ago, I got serious food poisoning from the Pastrami Sandwich. It was around 9pm when we showed up and there wasn't too many people there. The service was good but the food was terrible as I spent the next week with a knot in my stomach not being able to eat much at all. The same night I threw up multiple times and other things I won't mention... I would avoid this place and go to a different restaurant. I won't be eating here ever again in fear of going through the worst bout of food poisoning I've ever had.
3	So I've been to three of these (downtown Phoenix, Scottsdale and this one in Tempe).  It's basically Irish Hooters without the pantyhose.  The food is decent, if you're there get the Irish nachos because they're always a hit (fresh potato chips + ground sausage / cheese sauce / fresh tomatoes).  I just feel like here, more so than any Hooters or Twin Peaks I've been to, the girls aren't particularly friendly or attentive.  Of course there are exceptions to the rule, but let's just be honest - most of the time when a group decides to come here it's for the scenery.  Flirty and friendly behavior will almost always equal bigger tips - but I feel like here more than the other boobie themed joints the girls / management don't get that concept.  If you're here for a sporting event, you can get a giant tower of beer that they bring to the table and that's actually pretty cool.  I suppose what I am saying is, I don't like it when places half ass their concept.  If you're going to have scantily clad ladies serving food and drink, they should make an effort to entice you to come back - rather than remind you that they're all aware how attractive and unattainable they are.
2	Ok if you are coming here for the food you will be disappointed.  I had the quesadilla and it was tough and tasteless.  Now the bartender did help my lunch experience my showing off her big rack. But her service skills did lack.  Hooters knock off, kinda but if you want to have nice looking "girls" serve you it's all good. But have no expectations of actually having a good meal.
4	I have to say this was one of the better experiences at tilted kilt. Went here to see game 1 of the finals and the experience was pretty good. The waitresses were quite attractive and definitely we're not shy strutting out their stuff. Though our waitress was a bit slow in response during the game, she did check up on us quite frequently once we got our food. The staff here is pleasant and definitely worth the visit.The food was surprisingly tasty. I had the Cajun fries during happy hour and for the price it was fairly tasty.  There were also a number of vegetarian options including a spicy bean patty for those burger fans.Beer selection I felt was limited for being a pub - but honestly guys are we really there for the beer? ;)Overall a good experience at the kilt. Thank you to all the ladies at the kilt for making this a worthy experience! Look forward to coming back here again. Cheers!
3	Your typical cloned Irish pub/English pub whatever crossover pub. The "enhanced"bimbette was so preoccupied with organizing bottles and convincing management that she had bright ideas, that she left my empty plate of ehh fish n chips linger for a good 20 minutes before she moved it. Yea she's annoying. Thank god for her that the place is loaded with 9-5 warriors. Killer fries. Lol
2	Was hoping to have fun but overpriced beer and unfriendly bartender ( Brittany). Really 6.75 for a beer. Left after one.
3	Ate there for the first time 09/15/14 with a table of 10 from my company.The servers were friendly and my mushroom swiss burger was very tastey.I will eat there again...
5	Great food and great service! We always try to order something different when we go and have never been disappointed. Fantastic drinks and giant screen TVs throughout. Great pub.
1	Well I am somewhat of a regular here but after tonight they may have lost me as a customer all together. I've never had such horrible service in my life than I did this evening, "Danni" was absolutely horrid. Not only did I have to chase her down to place my order after 30 minutes, then she took it upon herself to change my order because she "assumed" I would want it this way. After waiting an additional 20 minutes to flag her down to get my bill she proceeded to serve another table, and sit down at one table to get their order. This was ridiculous! #endrant
5	After a long day at the office, I met a couple co workers and clients after the office to grab some food and drinks. I frequently go to the Tilted Kilt in Scottsdale near my house and I would have to say that this was a way better experience than the one I usually go to. The server was attentive to our table and made multiple trips for us to make sure we always had our glasses filled up. The food was exceptional, cooked perfectly the way a burger should be, lol. The girls here really make an attempt to make the brand what it should be. They always were there joking with us and made my guests feel at ease. Thanks Girls!!!!We will definitely be back to this location when on that side of the valley. Thank you Danille and the rest of the staff for making such a great experience for me and my guests.
5	hot chicks and beer.....
