5	These guys were great! I came from San Francisco to get my private pilot and not only did they stick to their quote, but they made themselves 100% available days, nights, and weekends, which allowed me to finish in 14 days. It was a grueling pace, but worth it.
5	I went to Arizona Flight Training Center (AFTC) for my Private pilot biannual review. They did a great job with training, teaching and completing my review. I would recommend them to other pilots for quality training.     My AFTC instructor was Sean Wall. Sean did a great job with the biannual review. It was helpful, informative and, comprehensive. Sean used a training manual to complete the review. Sean does a great job in classroom training. Sean is a master in the plane. He teaches well in the cockpit and is a very accomplished pilot. When you see someone who is a natural pilot and does a great job you have to notice it and give him some accolades.     Talented flight instructor are a valued resource and I think the owner Rick Rademaker did a great job in deploying Sean Wall to his staff.     The equipment / planes seem to be nice and well kept. They run well. I flew a 172P and all systems worked well.     A good place for flight training in the west valley of Phoenix at located on Glendale airport.
5	I am very happy to have been able to fly with AFTC!  They are very detailed and very honest and caring for future pilots.  Most places that I have gone to in the past have been about taking as much money from you as they can, not really true to training pilots to become pilots.  AFTC is all about training and helping you achieve your goals.  I highly recommend AFTC!  True school!  True flight instructors!  Honest and dedicated to making you a great pilot!  I am recommending them to all of my friends that are in school to become pilots, the veterans administration, veterans and military personnel!Thank you Dave and Rick!  I hope to see you guys soon!Charles
1	ATP applicants WATCH OUT!AZFTC recently lost what seems to be it's one FAA designated examiner who was regularly doing check rides for ATP applicants.  A few weeks ago, I arrived at AZFTC to start my 3 day course.  Upon arrival I learned that the plane I studied for was broken (no advance notice).  We switched to the turbo Seneca - minor differences in systems and airspeeds and profiles - but still, having never flown the plane before, felt a little underprepared to take a check ride in 2 days.  Took a ground school which could have been condensed into about 4 hours, but instead, with constant interruptions and downtime, took about 12 hours.  Did the prep flight the following day and the aircraft broke (gear malfunction) about 1 hour into the flight - so Rick terminated the flight.  Since both aircraft used for the ATP course were now down, the check ride scheduled for the following day with the FAA had to be cancelled (for me and my partner).  I returned home having sunk about $3600 (including hotel and travel) into this process with nothing to show for it.  A few days later, the one FAA examiner doing the ATP check rides for AZFTC quit doing ATP check rides for AZFTC.  Now it appears they are relying on some airline pilots for the rides - but the scheduling seems spotty at best.Because I am active duty military and am deploying in 4 weeks, I asked for my money back... it did not appear AZFTC could provide an examiner to conduct the check ride within the time I had available before leaving country.  Rick refused to refund my money.  I am potentially out just under $3000.00.  Please - military and everyone else - be careful about doing business with this company.  It will be an uphill battle for me to get my money back from AZFTC, and I feel like AFTC is exploiting the fact I have to deploy and cannot effectively assert my rights to essentially steal my money.
