3	The Arboretum is the best shopping center around this area, but that really isn't saying too much, because there aren't many places to shop right outside of Weddington.  They have a nice selection of restaurants though, I would recommend the Cajun Yard Dog, Akropolis, but just stay away from the old 50's style diner.  Of course you have your Walmart and Micheals for all of your sweat shop products, I mean discount shopping needs.  The coffee shop is full of nice folks.  I honestly miss the Arboretum before, when the lake was nice and Ernie's Music was still around with those cheap CD's.
5	I spend a lot of time in this area, and I'm a fan of the Arboretum. There's not a lot of shopping in terms of clothing that is very interesting, but some of my favorite Charlotte restaurants are located within the Arboretum. From Cajun Yard Dog to CoffeeWorks, there's good stuff out here. I also really like the Natural Marketplace as an all-around vitamin and herb and various hippy food stores. So it's not great for shopping, but if you're hungry, the Arboretum is a great place to land.
2	The Shopping center is ok. I hate driving through it though. Too busy.
5	A large variety of stores! Driving through it is a little crazy. But it's got everything you need.
4	I never thought a neighborhood shopping center would warrant a review, but I have to say Arboretum managed to pull one out of me.The amount of food choices is ridiculously good... from nicer restaurants (Mickey & Mooch, New South) to mom & pop shops (Akropolis Cafe, Charlotte Cafe, Sushiya Japanese etc) to chain (Qudoba, Nothing but Noodles, McAllister etc) to fastfood (McD, Chick-Fila, Taco Bell) to dessert (Ben & Jerry, Pinkberry), there gotta be something that will feed your belly within your budget.I stopped by yesterday at 2pm to get a late lunch (teriyake chicken plate at Sushiya for $5), came back at 5pm for an early dinner (gyro at Akropolis for $5.25), and back again at 8pm to satisfy my frozen yogurt craving ($3 at Pinkberry).  And on top of that, I stopped by Walmart to get ingredients for mimosa.  Where else can I stop by 3 times in 6 hours for all these different things in one location?!  Bravo Arboretum, bravo... (and yes, beware of crazy driving and gazillion stop signs that no one follows)
3	The Arbo has a sprawling layout and is rather disjointed with several different buildings throughout the property.  The poor design of the center makes it inconvenient (and just a bad idea) to try to park  in one spot and walk throughout the shopping center. Because it is so busy on the weekends and evenings, navigating the parking lot can be a challenge. I must confess that am a "Walmart hater" (I'm a Target person) so I avoid that section of the Arbo as much as I can. Still, the shops (like Great Expectations Consignment Shop, Vintner Wine Market, Bruce Julian, and the Natural Marketplace) and restaurants (like Le Peep, Akropolis Cafe, and the Cajun Yard Dog) make me a frequent visitor. For the Holiday Season, they have set up a temporary ice skating rink and also are offering sleigh rides.
1	Just an update - do not go there - snotty and un informed staff - not the case a couple years ago  but WTF - avoid at all costs
4	A shopping center that offers food, shops, a movie theatre & a lot more. This is my go-to spot on the weekends, but will say be prepared for the crowds & traffic...a lot of it.
2	Two stars because I drove through this shopping center & didn't die.I remember the Arboretum used to be kind of cool (wait, was it ever cool?) when I was in middle school. These days I rarely venture out here and my most recent visit reaffirmed my utter hatred toward whomever designed this damned shopping center. The layout is terrible & it seems that 90% of Charlotte's notoriously moronic drivers end up shopping here.They do have an ok selection of restaurants & shops but nothing I would risk my life for.. Except maybe Pinkberry!***UPDATE 7/12/14***I just realized the Arbo Pinkberry is closed! Now I have no reason to come here anymore! Yay
3	Driving through parking lot can be like playing the old game "frogger" , maybe should be redesigned with a few round-abouts to slow folks down, not speed bumps.  A lot of food options, Firehouse Subs  and the Walmart (wish it was a super center) are my go to spots
