4	I got my first message in years here and it was fantastic! Michael worked on my back and he's amazing! Very professioal and listened to my concerns. I was able to ask him to lighten up on the pressure during the message when he was focusing on certain areas. My back feels great and I'll definitely be back. The place is super clean and the rooms are very peaceful. The front desk staff was very professional and polite.
1	My technician talked the ENTIRE time about her baby daddy and all her issues. Not very happy with the service. Will never go back!
1	Was a member for two years but the lack of customer service finally got to me. If you go don't be surprised if they loose your appointment an then offer to reschedule (what a joke) and then hang up on you - seems like the motto for this location is "it wasn't my fault, talk to my manager"
4	I have always been skeptical of massage envy. However, today I tried it out. I'm 7 months pregnant and couldn't take the back and leg pain anymore. They were very professional and knowledgeable. I was very pleased with the service. The only thing that keeps me from giving 5 stars is their membership program. It does not make sense to me to pay 50 a month for a "free" massage and discounts. I don't agree with the business plan behind this scheme. That does not have anything to do with the people that work there though and I did enjoy the service. If they ever revamp the "program" I may decide to return.
4	I actually Like this Massage Envy. Their new location is nice. I LOVE my therepist- Gloria. The people are friendly and the massage is fantastic. I cant see why people complain about a $40 massage the way they do... Its $40.......This is not a 5 star hotel charging you $150+ for the same service. Again. Highly recommend Gloria. She is so sweet and for being on the smaller side she sure as heck packs a punch with her massages!! They are great!!The ONLY reason im not giving 5 stars is because of the actual building. We live in such ADVANCED times and I can see why they cant insulate their rooms a little more (they just moved to this new area so its not like its an old building). Also Poor Gloria got stuck in the last room NEXT to the break room. Don't really like hearing people talking etc when i'm supposed to be relaxing (she is nice enough to close to breakroom door, but its not enough). They really should have thought about the room placements better (ie- dont put massage rooms next to break rooms)
5	I've been a member of ME for two years and been to a few locations around the valley and have been to at least ten different therapists before I finally found the best, Angela! She works at this location and gives the BEST deep tissue massage I've ever had. I see her one a month for 90 minutes, but have to book a ways out, for she books up quick! Try her out if you're looking for a deep tissue. Other than her, this location is so-so.
1	Hello to all Christians who read this. In these times we are living where our freedoms are being stripped away by our government on a monthly basis, I urge you to find another business to get a massage.  I canceled my membership as a result along with 7 others due to the harassment I received after a question was asked to get an opinion on a Biblical issue.  This act was unprofessional and terrible service to a loyal customer. How long will it be until your freedom to address an employee's question no longer be accepted??  Will you please stand with us!?
5	I don't believe the women here are weak.  I have been to Bernadette and Lucinda and both women are amazing massage therapist.  I use to manage spas, so I have had lots of massages in the past.  These women are two of the best massage therapist I've encountered.  And..... They always ask about pressure during the massage. Sometimes they don't even need to ask because they can tell how my body reacts.Definitely would recommend booking an appt!
2	I was very excited to get this massage. It had been a while since my last one and my shoulders and back were a wreck. I made an appointment request online for a 2 hr massage for the next day. The receptionist called me about 30 minutes later. She was able to get me in a hour later than my requested time and confirmed my 2hr treatment. I arrived at the clinic 20 minutes early and got started on my paperwork. Once finished, a nice receptionist reviewed my paperwork and made notes for my therapist. She recommended the deep tissue therapy ($12) for my shoulders and it sounded like a good idea. She took me back to the "relaxation room" to wait for my therapist. My therapist greeted me on time and took my back to the room. We reviewed my concerns and talked about my back issues and that I wanted a full body massage. Time for massage!!! It was the second worst massage I've ever received in my life. The therapist paid no attention to the muscles running down either side of my spine, or my lower back. She did the "deep tissue therapy" which consisted of hot towels, warming oil, and biofreeze. NOT WORTH 12 bucks!! The massage on the rest of my body was pretty lackluster. It felts like she was just moisturizing my skin with lotion rather that working on muscles. My sister gets my muscles better and she never went to school for this. I realize she is rushing things, missing whole areas, and not duplicating what she does on one side to the other. Then I realize, no way this is a 2hr session. Massage is over. Thank god. I get dressed and look at my phone and realize it was only an hour. Okay- that's an excuse for rushing. I go to the front desk to check out. Whoever scheduled my appointment did not schedule the 2 hours we had discussed. The receptionist did offer another hour with another therapist, but by then I was so frustrated I just wanted to leave. My goals for this massage were clear. Relaxation, stress relief, loosen up my traps and shoulders, and get a good honest run down. Needless to say, none of my goals were met.   I left disappointed and with no intention of returning.
5	I got a 90 minute massage yesterday from a wonderful massage therapist named Cherelle. I have lower back pain and she definitely paid attention to what I wanted to get out of the massage, which was taking care of the knots and pain. It was a deep tissue massage and it was painful at times but it did the job. Thanks Cherelle!
1	I recently had an hour and a half massage about three weeks ago, and it was wonderful. However, I went back in the other day for an hour massage and was extremely disappointed. My appointment was for 11:15. The massage therapist didn't come get me until 11:20. I then get to the room and undress. She leaves me in there for almost 10 minutes. She finally comes back in and starts the massage. It was so mediocre - it was not satisfying at all and mostly felt like she was just rubbing in the lotion. It was a full body massage and she didn't even go near my feet, which is the best part. She then says she's done and leaves so I can get dressed. I look at the clock--it's 12:15. What the heck?! Definitely not a 60 minute massage, how frustrating. I go to pay and was very shocked to hear that the massage was $79. When I had gone just three weeks before, the 90 minute massage was $59. This doesn't make sense at all! The cashier says that last time I was given the introductory price because I was new to massage envy, which is odd because I've been here numerous times. Doesn't even make sense! This was the worst experience ever and I will certainly not go back. What a complete waste of money!!!
2	I originally went to massage envy for my migraines. My very first massage the lady completely pressured me into doing the membership. So of course, I did. Well the membership is $60 a month for 1 massage per month not including tip. The massage itself is only 50 mins (which was never explained to me) and the contract is 12 months!! The lady who signed me up said I could cancel at any time (which was also falsely explained to me). So now I'm stuck in this year long membership that I cannot afford to pay. The massages are decent. Definitely not worth $70-$80!!! The assistant manager Mara was very apologetic and helpful about my situation & informed me that the lady who signed me up is no longer there (thank god). Over all my experience here is very disappointing.
