5	d my friends just had dinner here...  food was awesome and large portions...  u need to stop by u wont be disappointed. ...
5	I met some friends for dinner at Full House BBQ tonight. We ordered lots of things from the menu and asked them to be served family style so we could share. The meats and sauces were delicious! We enjoyed the side dishes too, especially the fries and baked beans. We were too full to try the peach pie dessert but if it is as good as everything else, you will love it! We will be back for more.
5	Ate there tonight and loved it! Long time Las Vegan and restaurant owner Johnny can really cook. BBq at its finest and great side dishes. Best Ice tea in town also! They just opened and likely will tweak things as they find their niche. I'd suggest a try. Loved every bite of it!
4	A lot of potential, everything here is made from scratch, and the owner is receptive to criticism.We had pulled pork, bbq chicken, fries and corn bread. For dessert, we had bread pudding and apple pie.The ambiance is great, they've really put a lot of effort into the feel of the place. It used to be a new day cafe and it's completely different. The pulled pork came on a plate of fresh slaw, which I'm not a huge fan of slaw but it didn't bug me like it normally would. The pork was smoky and moist, tender. The chicken was a little charred, some people like that, my wife doesn't at all, and I just think it's ok. The chicken was very moist, very tender, obviously had a good marinade, but I thought it was a bit overly salty which I suggested could be helped by a little wash after the marinade. The cornbread muffins were good, not too dry and had real corn in them. Personally I'd have liked to see a little dollop of apple butter or honey butter.The bread budding was fresh. Literally just out of the oven, with little crisp parts and a good custard-like texture. Fresh cinnamon really stood out. Unfortunately, with no fruit and no bourbon vanilla sauce, it just couldn't stand on its own, it needs "something"The apple pie however was amazing, tasted just like my wife's apple pie, tender flakey crust, soft but still individual apple slices. Delicious!The fact that everything is homemade means they can adjust and change, I look forward to seeing what turns up my next visit
5	Awesome cubano sandwich. Great decor and feeling. Its a mim and pop place.. Definately going back.. Its a must..
3	"You got it, dude!" - Michelle TannerThat was my first thought when I saw this new business pop up on my Yelp app. But, rather than naming a BBQ joint after a 90's family sitcom, this business was actually referencing the hand of cards in the game of Poker, which is synonymous with Las Vegas. Opened just a few weeks ago, I came in for some lunch.Located off of Silverado Ranch and Maryland, this place is located in the same shopping center that houses Sushi Mon, Shabu Grill, Tokyo discount, and the Smiths. I remember that the previous business' used to be breakfast joints, House of J cafe and the original New Day Cafe.Walking in, they changed the decor completely giving it a Western/South Western influence. I noticed the saddle when walking in, which was pretty cool. After approaching the front of the counter, I looked over the menu and ordered the 1 meat, and 1 side for 16.99. I sat down and waited for about 5-10 minutes for the food to come out, which wasn't too long of a wait.: Cornbread - It comes with all the combos. I actually prefer cornbread cold rather than warm, so I really enjoyed the one they made here. It was light, and had chunks of corn kernels in the bread. The portion size was very good. It came with a softened butter, which was smart to do. This was my favorite part of the meal.: St Louis Pork Spareribs - Served as a half-rack for the combo. Ordered the spicy bbq sauce on the side as what was recommended by the owner. The portion size again was very good. I liked the bbq sauce and the dry rub they used. Unfortunately, the ribs did have sort of an off taste to them. Plus, they weren't as tender as I would have liked.: Coleslaw - Pretty much a coleslaw. Wasn't soaked to death like how so many other places do it, so I liked it.Well, what can I say? As far my BBQ experience in Vegas is concerned, I would probably put this place somewhere in the middle of the pack. Quality wise, it would be below Rollin' Smoke and Top Notch, but above Famous Dave's and MCB. Price wise, I think it is overpriced. I took a picture of the menu so you'll know what I mean. I'll be sticking to the AYCE at Rollin' Smoke, the best bang for your buck for BBQ in Vegas. I'll conclude with another Full House quote that has nothing to do with this review"Have mercy." - Uncle Jesse
5	Good bbq I'll definitively go back. good service and friendly, the food was good and satisfying.
5	Finally, A very good Filipino restaurant at the Silverado Ranch area! A must try! I will come back again to try other dishes! Great job Chef Alex!!!
5	Under new management. They now offer fabulous comfort foods from the Philippines, Taho, Palabok , Goto, Fish ball,Mami, Siopao and a lot more. I was greeted by Era the lady of the house she was so hospitable I felt that I was transported in my relatives house. She even gave me extra soup for my mami which I had to take home because the siopao was enormous .It reminded me of Ma Mon luk when I was still in school and even maybe Charlie's noodle house in Claro my Recto. If it's true that Pilipino food is the next big thing this is the place to eat and even send your American friends it's clean , has great service and best of all excellent price. I even got to meet the Chef he was a Chef in one of the 5 star hotels on the strip.Very gracious and humble. Next time I want good cooking and great hospitality this will be my first choice. I wanted to keep it a secret but nice treasures like this should be shared. ENJOY !!!!!!!
