2	Swing and a miss.
3	The arcade section is a nice addition and replaces the stage area from the Western, but needs some work. Both pinball games were broken, but only one had a sign showing it was OOO. It's cool they had both Street Fighter 2 CE and Mortal Kombat, also Lethal Enforcers and Rampage. There were at least five more arcade games on top of that, as well as skeeball and darts. Two complaints - the change machine was either broken or out of quarters by midnight. And having one end of the shuffleboard table right next to the arcade entrance means drunks will be bumping into each other.They have a killer selection of beer and liquor, and the combo prices for a shot and beer are almost Westside-prices. Music is somewhat random - I'm guessing Pandora. The problem is the King doesn't have a theme or mission. King of bars? Ok - so what does that really mean besides a different spin on a dive with a heavy history of rotation (Sugar Shack, Grady's and Pal's)? It's cool that they say you can check your attitude at the door, but the high times of the Scottsdale/AZ nightlife are way past that point anyway. I like the general concept of the bar/arcade, and they finally put up neon beer signs indicating there's a bar to the random drunk passerby. I hope the spot does well. If the King's not the place for you, one can head East for general Old Town douchebaggery or go next door to laugh at Howard Hughes at Stand-up Scottsdale.http://www.spike.com/episodes/206c0b/bar-rescue-meat-sauna-season-3-ep-310
5	Pinball?  CheckSpace Invaders?  CheckCheap Drinks?  CheckGood tunes?  CheckSkeeball?  CheckBar food?  CheckThis little neighborhood bar opened last week in the former space of the The Western on 5th Avenue in Scottsdale.  Like a Phoenix rising from the ashes, the latest "Barcade" in the country and the second (1st one would be the Little Woody) that I know of in the Valley, The King is sure to foster nostalgic memories for anyone that loves arcade games.  I recall visiting the former "Sugar Shack" that was a true haven for Steelers fans.  Steve would even play the polka-themed Steelers Fight Song (record from 1979) from the DJ Booth laden with Pittsburgh personalities, vintage Steelers memorabilia and even a Terrible Towel.  Unfortunately, the bar closed and there have been many previous attempts to create a bar business that has staying power.  I believe that the latest venture by co-owners Tucker Woodbury (the Vig, Crescent Ballroom), Tyler Christensen (The Little Woody) and Charlie Levy (Stateside Presents), will be here for quite awhile.Co-owner Charlie Levy told azcentral.com after the Western closed that the goal for the King is to be a place that feels like "it's always happy hour. A fun place to go just to chill.""No one will ever walk in there and say the word 'pretentious,' " he said.We visited last week on opening night and there were a few hiccups, that is to be expected with vintage arcade games like Tetris (which was free and upside down all night).  The King has a change machine, friendly staff, an easy-going vibe and cool decor that even includes a black velvet painting of the original King, Elvis Presley.
4	What a great new bar to have in the area. Went in last night with some friends for the first time and it was great.Although the beer selection isn't he biggest the low prices make up for it, although the kilt lifter was out and they didn't have a replacement keg. Additionally the $1 mystery shot is a great concept, just don't end up with the cow balls. Also the bartender was great, hooked us up with some cheap beers and was a fun person to chat with. The food is also great and cheap. I had the burger and for $5 you can't get a better burger anywhere. My friends had the Sonoran dog and pickles and they both said they were great. Finally the real draw, for us at least, were the arcade games. There are about 15 games in there ranging from $0.25-$1 but unfortunately a few of them were out of order or working poorly. Also the quarter machine ran out of quarters!  If the few kinks get worked out, which I'm sure they will this place will get a 5 star review shortly. Will be back soon!
5	Absolutely excellent. Awesome staff, amazing drink specials, and a killer arcade.  A must stop in Old Town.  So dope.
3	It's a dark, divey, hipster, Seattle/Portland-type bar that either is your thing or isn't. The menu is bar food & burgers. The beer list is fine and you can get a $5 king (beer & a shot of crown) and a $1 mystery shot. I did both, it was fun. Bathrooms were a lot cleaner that I would have thought...I think they dinged the bar up on purpose. We played shuffleboard for free, it's a good table and was available around 6 pm on a Friday when we went in. We also played a never ending game of $5 skeeball which was also fun. Unfortunately I only got to eat half of my cheese tots and grilled cheese because despite the two large napkins with a large note to leave the food and not clear the table, the food was taken and the table cleared in the 10 minutes we were at the skee ball machine. So that sums up the service. BUT the bites I had were entirely satisfying. The bar tender we had has a too-cool-for-you vibe, which of course goes with the divey feel, so that's either your thing or not your thing. Though it's not my thing, I know it's something other people enjoy and the King does it really well.
5	this place is great  some great old games and some a bit more modern lots to keep you busy  beer prices were great for scottsdale cool place to hang out with freinds music selection a bit  dull cool bar cave vibe other than that great place
4	This place was fantastic!! We went there on a Saturday after being at Standup Scottsdale. Heard it had closed about 6 times so we were slightly skeptical but tried it anyway. It's a nice little dive bar with cheap drinks ($11 for 3 drinks), chalk boards all along the walls to draw on, an arcade in the back with classic games from the 80's, free fresh made popcorn. It's a little off the beaten path, but it's worth the trip.
5	My new favorite bar. So nice to get away from your typical Scottsdale bar and walk into somewhere original like the King. The atmosphere at the King rules. I love the leather bar, the taxidermy animals, the chalk board walls, the big booths, and the photos of Elvis. As soon as you walk in you feel totally welcome and everyone is super friendly, even the bar patrons. The drinks are cheap and they have some awesome cheap beers. 64 oz? Old Milwaukee? PBR tall cans? Hamms? Negro Modelo? Check. But my favorite is the brown bag bingo. Mystery shots of whatever numbered ball you roll for a dollar. Once you do a couple, everyone at the bar follows suit and it becomes a fun thing to watch.   It was a Monday night, so skeeball was free, but the pinball was also free and I'm not sure why. We played street fighter 2 for a good solid 20 minutes. On the nights skeeball isn't free, if you get a high score you get a dollar beer ticket. Also, The Mac and Cheese balls are amazing.
5	My kind of place!  A dive bar but not in a dirty way, the old stage from The Western has been turned into game room which is pretty cool.  A very relaxed option for old town Scottsdale, will be back for sure.
2	This place actually looks exactly like the last bar, but worse with no music. They have some lame video games way in the back - an idea that is already been done multiple times and better. The Derby House has games similar and Gringo Star also does this better. The King is a dark, dingy place with fruit flies prancing around the bar and a depressing crowd of not Scottsdale's finest. Of course, I needed to check any new bar out, but this is clearly not a sports bar with two decades-old TV sets in weird spots around the bar. On this Monday night football game, about ten people were gathered, it was more like a funeral than a lively new hot bar in town. It feels like it has been here forever, yet it is only a month old - welcome to dullsville. Place was so depressing, I had to leave at halftime. Now they did have a $7 Burger and 32oz beer special, but the burger you get for that price (Or the normal $5 price) is poor quality frozen meat. I should have known better. The beer was large and the popcorn was free, but this bartender had little personality. He said they were hiring a female soon, so that will help, but otherwise this joint needs to brighten up the place and liven up or soon it will be checkmate for the King.
5	My favorite place!  Killer shuffle board and old-school game room... Skee-ball!  Bartender Ryan is awesome and the food is great  :)  Better alternative to Coach House: *Air conditioning!*  Love it.
5	We had our company happy hour event here on Halloween night, and almost every employee mentioned to me at some point how awesome this venue is. Perfect for groups of 50-100 to have an event. Staff was super awesome, and the food was shockingly good. I have a feeling this place will gain a following with those who are sick of the same old Scottsdale Oldtown song-and-dance.
4	Calling all arcade heads from the 90s! Calling all arcade heads! That's right, I'm speaking to all the kids who wasted countless amount of their parents money in quarter form. If you grew up in the age were "good" graphics were only at the arcade then this place is for you. There are not a whole lot of games, but for what they lack in quantity they make up for with diversity. Here you can a strength boxing game where you hit the bag as hard as you can and then play some classic TMNT (Raphael was broken though). Besides the games this place gives off the vibe that's is a seedy dive bar but it feels clean an atmospheric on the inside. They serve beer, alcohol, and wine. I went there on a friday and the place was in full bloom with customers. Didn't feel over crowded and we had a great time playing the games while we decompressed from the week. There was a moment where I zoned out of conversation though because my mind thought I was 12 years old again... #timewarp, #raphaelcoolbutcrudeStop by for a quick drink and enjoy the time warp to a simpler day.
2	Swung in here with the expectation that I'd have exposure to a crowd in a chill bar-cade environment, but sadly don't anticipate I'll be coming back. There was no one around (except bartenders) when I showed up on an [early] saturday afternoon. The menu didnt seem appetizing and when I asked the bartender for a recommendation, he said "I dont know. People like burgers when they come to places like this. It's bar food." Really?? I'm sure if I came in an inebriated state, with a large crowd of friends, not really paying much mind to where I was at- it would be a great place. For now- I think I'll pass. There are more exciting places to check out in the valley for a chill kind of night...
5	Don't let the exterior fool you!  It's quite a hip dive bar inside.  They play awesome music because they don't waste their time with crappy modern music, they have plenty of games to choose from so you're never bored, and they, and they staff are very friendly.I love coming here every time I'm at stand up scottsdale because everything (except comedy) is of better quality here.  Thanks guys and keep up the good work!
4	Like many others we stopped here after leaving Stand Up Scottsdale. We haven't tried the food but the drinks are decently priced and well made. Nice selection of craft beer but not overwhelming.  Service was decent. A few of the games were broken without any signs so we lost some quarters. It's also kind of impossible to play foosball if someone else is playing darts, due to limited space.  Overall it is a fun experience and worth stopping in.
4	Went here Saturday night before a comedy show. Staff was friendly. Nice clean roomy bar. People refer to as a dive bar. But I would consider anything but a dive. I enjoyed it there, I would come again.
5	If you liked The Lodge, you gotta come check out The King. Laid back, cheap drinks, multiple arcade games, shuffleboard and darts. Has a hipster/man cave/dive bar feel. Definitely coming back!
