1	We used to love this bar.  We would sit and play the blackjack machines.  Never really win anything but $20-$40 would keep us in drinks for quite awhile.  Plus it is near the restroom.  I guess they caught on.  In place of our lovely machines are poker machines.  I lost $20 in a matter of minutes.  Expensive beer.  I guess things never stay the same...
1	Gustav's bar. This is the place that I bought my Eiffel Tower big drinkie thingy at last year.My friends wanted the Eiffel Tower thing too so we went here. We sat at one side of the bar, got comfy, and then the dude says that we can only get it on one particular side of the bar? WHAT THE HECK? It's the SAME FRIGGIN BAR! Can't you walk your happy butt 2 seconds, get the Eiffel Tower thing, fill it up, and bring it over to serve your customers? NO? Well then you get ONE friggin star dude. UGH. They didn't even fill it up all the way! What's with that!!!? They suck that's what.:P BLAH TO YOU!
2	Gustav's doesn't comp drinks if you're playin video poker. Sucks. And service is kinda-really slow!  Not very friendly service. But it's better than the bar near the registration area! Extra star because they pour drinks here a 'lil heavier!
4	I visited Gustav's twice during a 3-night stay and was satisfied both times.  Our bartender was James and he is awesome!  Maybe not 100% genuine but definitely friendly and nice to talk to.The first night we came down for the $15 Eiffel Tower shaped margaritas after pre-gaming, thinking we could pair up and finish them off on the long walk to JET nightclub.  Wrong!  These things are HUGE!  They are way heavy and even with 3 people on each tower and a huge line at JET we still had to pour some out before entering the club.  The flavors are fine - same as any other bar.  They come in strawberry daiquiri, pina colada, and lemon-lime.  I'll re-emphasize that the price is really good.  We paid around $40 for a similarly sized mai tai and $20 for a margarita at the Forum Shops.  Plus 1 star!The next day I didn't know what to get but James remembered me and offered something pink and fizzy (forgot the name, oops!) which was exactly what I didn't know I wanted.  Darling got a spicy bloody Mary and it was intensely spicy and delicious.
2	Whenever I stay at Paris I feel compelled to at least sit here for a beer and video poker. When I sat down, the bartender served us right away and asked if we were playing vp, I said yes and he comp'd us our beers....this usually only happens when you max bet, which drains your money pretty fast, usually before you even finish your drink. So compare 5 bucks to the 50 you might lose before you finish a beer and it seems silly, but hey, at least they were kind enough to offer. I'm usually good after one drink here tho, it's cheaper just to get free drinks as you're playing cards or slots. I'd say 2 1/2 out of 5 but giving it 2 since I never stay longer than 30 minutes.
4	Great little bar inside Paris Las Vegas.  Wonderful, attentive bar tenders.  Fun time!
3	I was meeting friends for dinner and decided to wait for them at this bar.  I sat down the bartender I got was great!I wasn't going to play but my friends were running late so I decided to put some money in.  The first drink I thought I was gonna pay for because I wasn't playing ending up being comped as well as the next two.I didn't win but I broke even so a win win in my opinion!
3	ONE EIFFEL TOWER WILL MAKE YOU STAND LIKE THE LEANING TOWERHusband and I came to Paris to make reservations at the restaurant up top. Once we'd finished, we figured we'd grab a drink and explore the casino a little bit. This bar is directly in front of the elevator for the restaurant. It didn't have a lot of seating and was poorly lit (because this part of the casino has dim lighting). Chris was our server and we ended up craving a frozen drink so we split the large Eiffel Tower full of frozen yummy. The single Miami Vice cost just under $20 but we shared it and didn't even finish the whole thing. And it was pretty strong! Aside from the enormous waste of plastic this monstrous drink is, you can't hold it from the top because that's where it's filled. And when it starts to condensate on the outside, your hand slips up and up the heavy neck of the drink. Really stupid design. Husband actually spilled it next to the bar because he wasn't paying attention. An employee of the casino was there immediately for cleanup and the bartender was nice about refilling the small amount he lost. He said he sees this happen all the time and he was suprised the whole thing didn't break. He also said this is why "he told us three times not to hold it from the top." Um, I wasn't drinking before you sold it to us and I heard you say that once. Don't exaggerate.  I think if a drink container is causing this much of a problem, it should be arranged to be one piece, and fill from the side or something. At least it was tasty. I'd say it was worth the $20.
1	Went to get the giant eiffel tower drinks after midnight and ALL the machines were shut down. Typically I wouldn't complain, but this is Vegas they should at least have one machine working. Instead we spent 24 bucks on watered down drinks....
