4	My NYE resolution was to stay away from fried foods. I tried, I really tried. That was until someone popped the question "What do you want from Sonic?"It was a co-winkie-dink or maybe a sign from fate because I was looking at a Sonic coupon flyer (the ones you receive in the mail) and I was wondering what the burrito with the Frito's tasted like. Sign or no sign I was going to stick to my resolution. I responded, "Nothing, but thank you for asking."As Fate would have it, I received my utmost fave fried junk food in the WWW! A corndog. I scarfed that puppy down, chewed on the crunchy batter that is stuck to the stick in no time flat.I *heart* Sonic's corn dogs!PS - 2pm - 4pm it's happy hour! Drinks half off! Woo Hoo for the Cherry Lime-aide.4 stars because they have great customer service!
5	As we rode in the back seat of the car down a street in Buckeye that I can't remember the name of, I saw a bunch of neon glowing around a building in the distance.  I asked the man driving, "What's that off in the distance there?"He looked slightly confused for a second. "With all the neon?"The neon was pretty much the only thing you could see across the dark desert night. "Yes.""That's a Sonic," he said.Now, I live in Chicago. I see commercials near everyday for Sonic, but there aren't any within 100 miles of here. Why they torture Chicagoans with images of yummy food, tasty drinks, and ice cream desserts that we would have to travel for hours upon hours to get, I know not. Here was my chance though. I could finally have some Sonic. I asked him to stop there, and he did.It's a 50s-inspired drive-in! I don't see too many drive-ins around anymore. You pull into a spot next to a menu with a speakerbox. You place your order. A person who works there brings it out to you on a special tray that goes over your window. Very cool.We got burgers and a corndog and sundaes and other stuff too. It was all good. The service was good. I greatly enjoyed my first Sonic experience, and I look forward to getting to one again on future travels.
3	I asked Siri where the nearest Sonic was and she told me to go to this one. The funny thing is that I kept thinking Siri must be crazy as I drove past cotton fields, horse farms, and what looked like deserted homes... finally I came upon something called OLD TOWN Buckeye and yes, Siri was right.. there is a Sonic there!  I am a huge fan of their ice. I know that sounds really weird, but Sonic has crushed ice, which makes any kind of drink so much better.If you like the old car hop, diner style food, this place has a lot to offer. I would prefer it had a better location, but the service and food were on par with any other location.I like to park and have them skate the food out, I like that they have the little order speaker at every parking spot, so you can be lazy and not even get out of your car. LOL.My fave thing to get is a toaster and tots and if i am feeling very evil, a banana split!They really have some good drinks too.. all sorts of mixtures. I would drop in more often for a slush if it weren't so out of the way.
3	Thanks for having happy hour sonic.
1	Every time I go here there is always something wrong with my order always check your food before you leave I guarantee you will always be missing something or something ain't right.
3	my friend and Ifeel the burgers and shakes were worth the fast, the good staff, and all the hype. The fries were average.
