5	I love Dior, ever since I purchased my first pair of Dior sunglasses.  My sister bought her first pair of Diors and a pair of earrings this weekend.  Her sales consultant (there's no other way to describe her) was genuinely nice and not pushy.  With her help, my sister found a pair of sunglasses that not only looked amazing, but fit her perfectly (size and color).
1	nope.  I was planning on purchasing a pair of boots, and had to interrupt two employees who were too busy chatting to notice I was the only customer in the boutique and wanted to try them on.  the assistant who brought them out was completely dismissive until she realized I was a serious buyer.  she then tried to push the pair off on me even though they were obviously ill-fitting at the ankle... about 10 minutes too late.
1	I was trying on a pair of Dior heels here when my sister shoved her digital camera in my face and told me to look at a photo.  I was simply LOOKING at a photo in the camera, when a salesman immediately came over to me and asked aggressively, "Are you taking a picture?"  I told him no, and he repeated, "Are you taking a picture? You can't take pictures in here.  Where are you from?"  as if insinuating since I'm Asian, I must be from China and came ALL THE WAY FROM CHINA to this specific Dior location in VEGAS to take photos of last season shoes, to take back home to the mainland and make cheap copies of.  Oh rly?As soon as I said I was from L.A., he became all nice and tried to sell me the heels I was trying on.Rude, rude, rude.
5	This is my favorite Dior store. I go here EVERY time I am in Vegas and buy something.The staff is helpful and patient, since I am usually indecisive. :)I have never had a bad experience here and neither have my friends. I think people need to adjust their view of shopping. Dior is not a place to goof around, if you want to play go to a play ground. Remember this place gets a lot of traffic, serious buyer and tourist trying to spot a celeb. Its in a casino not on Rodeo.
5	This Dior Boutique rivals the Paris store as far as customer service. All of the sales assistants are so professional and willing to go above and beyond to get you whatever you need. I went there is search for a necklace and within seconds I had an SA ready to help me. After informing me that the necklace was not in stock she quickly ran off calling multiple stores. She managed to find one in Miami and managed to have it shipped to the Vegas store in two days!
5	I love this store. I'm a huge Dior fan but um...can't really afford it. I had just left Encore Beach Club so I was in my bikini, cover up and flip flops. So many high end stores would look down on you for that, but the Japanese sales associate (she never told me her name but said she was named after something in Kyoto? Haha.) chatted with me anyway.  I think she knew that I just really love the brand and fashion. She was showing me all the new colors, telling me about the history of the Lady Dior bag, I told her it was on my top 5 amazing handbags list and encouraged me to try things on. We also chatted about our hometowns (Tokyo and Hong Kong) and Asian fashion vs American fashion. We talked for about ten minutes and then I left. I'm sure she knew I wasn't buying anything. Maybe she hoped I would win big and come back or she could make a future customer out of me (hopefully someday!). I really felt like she had the right attitude for what she does. That kind of service is what set Dior apart from Chanel across the way (more on that later) for me on that day and down the road.
1	I get my dress shirts from Dior. Very nice store and products but horrible staff at this location. I had over $700 of clothes with the associate who was helping me shop when the boss came up to me pointed to my Venti Coffee and informed me that no drinks allowed in the store. I was stunned and the person helping me was embarrassed. Needless to say I apologized to the sales associate and I walked out with him still holding what were soon to become my new shirts. Silly manager, there are other Dior locations in town, don't be a dick when you see someone about to make a large purchase over a cup of coffee.
4	I am surprised the wait staff here has gotten bad reviews.  I like this location, and I like the staff. I  came here to look at Jewelry last time I was in town and was assisted, my a nice and polite gentlemen.  Who was helpful and knowledgeable about the stock.  This store is a bit better stocked then the other stores since more people tend to just go to Cesar's.
5	Great service. They always follow up after you make a purchase. A thank you goes a long way.  Huge selection at this location. And they are open til 12am. And I have stayed til 1 am in this store and they were super nice. Even know I know it sucks to be there on a Saturday night past store hours
