5	I go to Tiffany & Company because they keep in stock something that I can't find anywhere else and that is Tiffany cologne for Men.  Quite frankly, I don't want to have think about whether I smell spicy, woodsy, or one of fifty other things. This cologne has a what I consider a unique scent.  It is masculine without having to prove it is anything else.   It is appropriate to wear for any occasion and I never feel like I am going to knock people over with the smell of it.   I like Tiffany for Men and that's all I need.
3	Sure the Diamonds and Jewelery at Tiffany are great, but the service here was  kind of crappy.  Just because I am young and don't look rich they treated me like crap.  Thanks making my decision to go elsewhere easier!
1	ZERO STARS, I have many pieces from this this company, and i lost the chain that went with my necklace so i decided to get a new chain, went to the store waited 20 minutes for service, no one wanted to approach me because they think that a college student cant afford to buy anyhing. when I finally was approached, the woman only showed one chain and said that was it, i said ok.. even though I had doubts she convinced me it was the only one they had available so I purchased it..... Transaction was fast.... in no less then five minutes she got hurried me out the door. Didnt say thanks or anything 6 days later I go to to the tiffanys in tucson... the manager heard my awful story, showed me all the pieces and even offered it to me for free.... thats what service should be, not pretentious but friendly and approachable
4	Interesting reading the reviews of this Tiffany & Co location...I have been to this location a few times to buy gifts, have jewelry cleaned and just to browse. I have always experienced great customer service even when I clearly wasn't buying anything. Yes Tiffany & Co is expensive, but it also comes with piece of mind about your purchase.I even showed up after hours one evening to find they had just closed. Their head of security was willing to drop my cuff links off so I wouldn't have to drive back to drop them off and then a third time to pick them up.
5	Nice service. Went here for our anniversary gifts yesterday. Associate was very helpful.
3	OK, so...no -- I didn't buy anything here. My sister had never seen a Tiffany's, let alone walked through one. We did, and enjoyed looking. Of course, my favorite item was a simple pair of diamond hoop earrings...just a cool $12,000.  Other items are the famous Tiffany keys, rings, necklaces, sunglasses, women's bags, bracelets, charms, etc.  All ridiculously priced. I think some of the employees have a built-in Wealth Detector -- the only two people who spoke to us the whole time we were in the store was the security guard (of course) and just one of the employees. All other employees basically ignored us. They better be careful -- I may win the lottery one day and actually have that $12,000 in my pocket.  I'll demand to wear those earrings out of the store.
4	I finally came out from under my rock and discovered Tiffany. It was a couple of days before Christmas and of course I still haven't done the obligatory Christmas shopping for my wife. I mean, isn't a paycheck enough already? So my Daughter clued me in that my wife wanted something, I mean anything that said Tiffany on it.So Christmas Eve I got to the store as it opened. There were about 8 other slugs in a similiar predictament as me. That put a smirk on my face. Fortunately I took a picture of the item I wanted on my phone so I kind of looked like I knew what I wanted. It was hilarious listening to the other guys saying to the salesperson, "I don't know, what do you suggest?" Or "Do you think she's going to like that?"  My salesperson was efficient and I was out of there in about 5 minutes.I know for a lot of guys out there you rather be doing something else. But jewerly shopping for your lady is a necessary evil. I stopped off at another store to get my wife some mop slippers as a gag gift. My theory was that after opening the gag gift, the Jewerly would look way better in comparison, and she couldn't help but love my gift.Well I hid her "Blue Bag" (the Tiffany blue gift bag for all of the uninitiated folks out there) in one of her curio cabinets near the Christmas Tree. To make a long story short she was extremely happy when she FINALLY found the Blue Bag. I scored major points as she said "I always wanted Tiffany". Who would of thunk it.
4	Had to bring my wife's necklace here to be repaired. Service was great, the pretty looking girls were very helpful. In all, we had a very good experience. Looks like we will be coming back soon. Wife had her eyes on something?
1	I bought the Tiffany Somerset Ring $700. Broke in a year... Tiffany wanted to charge me to fix it (the basket weave design started falling apart, ruined two shirts), and all they were going to do was Sauder the ends! I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone! Spend your money at nordstroms!
4	I bought a ring last month and, because there is no size 9 available, this store shipped it by hiring UPS. Here is the thing, UPS lost the package, so I contacted Tiffany, and customer service girls responded as "you agreed to ship it, right?"  There is no sign of commitment in her face, so you know she does not respect customers and just want to shrug off responsibility. I guess this girl has no concept of "business transaction": shipping is part of whole business transaction, either commit if whole process was successful or roll back if any point failed, including shipping in this case. I gave it 4 because there are some very good service other than this event.
5	Tiffany did make a change and this time the service was great! I had a very good memory so bought another pair of rings after returned the first pair. Very good this time!
5	Each year I purchase Christmas gifts at this store & have always had the best service. They are great about shipping out of state which I take full advantage of. I like that they have beautiful things in all price ranges.
1	Five stars for Tiffany's gorgeous selection of jewelry, but if I could give negative starts for the service I would. Let me start by saying that when you purchase anything from Tiffany's, it is supposed to be an exiting and memorable experience. Not only are you spending a decent amount of money, but generally the things you purchase from Tiffany's are for those close to you, and have a lot of meaning. My Tiffany's experience at this location was memorable, no doubt, but not in the heartwarming and sentimental way that it is expected. Firstly, I am a young college student, and I work in management for every penny I make, and trust me, money isn't easy to come by. Upon entering the store, I was not greeted, and had to approach a sales lady to get her attention. Maybe because I look younger, and therefore couldn't theoretically afford to shop at Tiffany's is an explanation for why I was neglected, but nevertheless it is unacceptable as I was perfectly willing to spend money.I came in knowing exactly what I wanted to buy, a pair of cufflinks for my boyfriend as a holiday present, politely asked the sales woman if she had them, and her immediate answer was "Nope!" Not only is that rude, but it is very standoffish. So I proceeded to ask her if she had any similar to the style that I wanted and she said yes, pointed into the general direction, and said "over there." I had to ask her a few times where she was pointing, and finally she clarified. So as I was looking over their smallish selection of cufflinks, she shouted from across the store, "oh wait I found them"Alright. So I took a look at them, and told her I want to purchase them, and handed her my debit card. For a purchase of less than $500 there is no way why my debit card wouldn't be accepted at tiffanys. It had plenty of funds and I didn't go over any daily limits, but somehow, she said she couldn't accept my card, and that "you need to go get cash now from the ATM in order to purchase these" A little frustrated, I said okay and proceeded to go to the ATM and withdraw money, which came out all in tens. Not my fault, not her fault. Then, surprisingly as I walked into the store, the woman was accompanied by her security staff, speaking of me, and saying that she 'needs to be protected'. Excuse me?! I am a young college student  wearing a white dress, high heels, and carrying several other bags in my hand. What on earth do you think I'm going to do to your sales associated that will whatsoever put her in danger? Absolutely unacceptable. But because I'd already gotten my money from the ATM, I decided to purchase the cufflinks anyway. Otherwise I would have left at this point. Seemingly annoyed by the fact that I had to pay in all tens, regardless of the fact that I previously offered her my card, she rolled her eyes and proceeded to ring me up. She shoved my bag to me, and then turned her back to me once I had my gift. No thank you, no goodbye, nothing. Upon leaving the mall, I noticed I didn't have a receipt. I walked all the way back to Tiffany's, only to be confronted by security again. "Do you have a question?" I got my receipt after the sales lady said "oh sorry, I wasn't thinking about you, here" and left. Needless to say, I contacted the store manager directly after leaving.  If you are a younger person looking to buy a little something special for a loved one, I would advise to go to another Tiffany's location or purchase online. Otherwise, if you look like an affluent, typical Scottsdale resident. You should be fine. I will NEVER return to this Tiffany's location. Ever.
3	Story time. I have always wanted the "Return to Tiffany's" Heart Pendant from this store. I am not an extremely expensive person so sterling silver was A-OK with me. Price? Yes I know you are paying got the Tiffany name so that was fine.Since this is the only Tiffany's in Phoenix, my husband and I drove all the way across the valley to pick up my necklace.When we walked in we happen to walk into the gold/diamonds side of the store. Relatively empty and one lady to service clients. She asked what we were looking for and then pointed us off to the other side of the store promptly going back to what she was doing.We found the pendants and I showed my husband what I wanted and took our 2 year old out of the store. Getting the attention of the clerk was difficult but not impossible and it was busy so I will give them that. The clerk was very stoic and cold. Now maybe its just me but I thought it was supposed to be an experience when you buy here. Oh, Im sorry is that the gold and diamonds side only?Finally, I would expect a store like Tiffany's to have a lifetime warranty no matter what you buy from them. Apparently that is not the case either.Regardless I got the pendant I wanted and I do love it, but I have no reason to want a single thing from this store ever again.
1	My Step-Daughter loves Tiffany sterling silver jewelry.  God help, I have NO idea why.  I usually buy it online, but thought I'd give it another shot after a previously bad experience a number of years ago.Let me suffice it to say, it's hard to be glamorous in a cast, wearing the most comfy clothing you can because of said cast, so I was just dreading this visit.Walked in through the 'spensive crap and into the silver area crap.  There were two sales women, or rather, one woman, one semi-woman (girl).  The woman was helping another customer, the young girl standing around.  Did not greet me, did not make eye contact and basically turned her back to pretend I wasn't there.  Needless to say, I scanned the cases for awhile, waiting for assistance or SOME acknowledgement that I was there.  Nope.  Nothing.  Nada.  I'm done buying this crap jewelry for my step-daughter.  Not one more penny is going to this company from either me or her father.  There is much better quality to be found in smaller, mom and pops jewelry stores as well as online.  incidentally, I found a beautiful sterling silver necklace with her baby daughter's birthstone.  She's going to love it!By the way, little girl who ignored me...my wedding ring alone is worth more than you'll make in 5 years!  My guess, had you noticed my ring, you would have been all over me.  I purposely keep my ring turned when I walk into jewelry stores because it draws attention.  I want attention as a customer, not because I have a wedding ring that wouldn't ever be sold in your store because it is one of a kind.  Dang, Tiffany's has turned me all hoity-toity.  *evil laugh*
1	This was not a very good experience for me, my husband, or my daughter.  Made a visit to the Scottsdale mall store and an incredibly rude younger dark haired woman helped us.  I guess she wasn't happy that we were asking the prices.  Maybe she felt our $500 purchase was a waste of her precious bitch time, not sure.  I came over to the counter to help my daughter pick something that she really wanted and not to go for the cheaper closure because she was probably worried she was taking advantage of us.  I was pointing her to something of more quality and of course more expensive because I would prefer she gets something nice that will last a very long time and that she would be happy with.  The bitch actually told me to go take a seat in the man chair because they were close to a decision.  I actually made that bitch more money but I think she may have been too stupid and too impatient to even realize nor do I think she cares about our piddly little purchase.  Normally I would educate a dumb bitch like that but I just didnt need the drama so I walked away. When I first walked into that store nobody knew that I was there with anyone else because I went in a couple minutes after my husband and my daughter.  I was looking in a completely different area and I was actively IGNORED.  The store was not busy.  There was a woman helping a customer at the counter where I was browsing.  After the customers purchase was completed the sales associate did not acknowledge me nor did she look me in the eye.  She walked over to another counter and started to do some type of paper work.  She never looked back in my direction.  I find that very odd.  Dont go to the store in person unless you want them to shit on you instead purchase online.  Better service!  Love the product hated the service.  I almost forgot the only pleasant thing about the visit was the very nice security man at the door that greeted everyone with a very nice welcoming smile and a hello.  This is the guy that needs to replace the dumb bitches that work there :-)If I were the manager here heads would roll and I would turn this place around.  None of those bitches would work for me.
5	I always get a royal treatment at Tiffany's. I get to try on the best rings, get something to drink, get a new catalog so I can browse. Everyone that works there is kind to me. I appreciate all the help and the lady who worked there (I think her last name was Prescott like the city) was really kind to us and explained what makes Tiffany's diamonds unique. I ALWAYS have a great time there.
4	Needed a few silver polishing cloths and Tiffany sells terrific ones- $5 for the small (7" x 5") and $20 for large ("about the size of a kitchen towel"), although the large was out of stock (as of May 8th).  These can be purchased at the service booths at the back of the store.  Many thanks to Service Coordinator Jessica Sampica!
3	I think my boyfriends dreams were crushed lol.So I know my boyfriend has had his heart set on a Tiffany's engagement ring for me. He's been looking at the online website, ALOT. He loves surprising me with a gift from there, he thinks the place is the best. Me on the other hand, it's nice but I don't need such a label ! We decided to go look what he thought I might like. It's always a cold feeling walking in, ( they need to calm down they just sell jewelry ) But a salesman decided to help us.He was nice enough, but you can tell he was very new or just a very awkward person. I kinda felt bad for him.. Perhaps he just knows the silver area a little better? He wasn't personable, and very non informational. He seemed to be just as nervous or more than my boyfriend!I had to get out of there, needed a cocktail watching them lolWell, I didn't care for the styles that were shown to me, just wasn't my style. If I did I would really wanna have my engagement ring experience to be less tense and more informational!
5	I love Tiffany.  In Washington, the Bellevue location has rude and snotty employees.  We wait for our trips to Arizona.  Michael in customer service is a gentleman and very sweet.
4	Just poking around and why not stop in. Standard Tiffany's just like the others. The fun part was being profiled and watched closely by security. It was funny. I just wandered and kept looking and I did spot a wallet. So I waited for the sales gal to finish up with another customer. I kept looking and keeping security on alert. So I was asked how can I help, I pointed to the wallet. She took it out and yes security was close by, I am amused. I look at the wallet and say I will take it. The sales gal was very friendly and helpful. Security may still be looking for me, but I got what I wanted and even paid. I have a Tiffany wallet pinky up.  4 stars to my salesperson.
