5	Ok, get in your car now and go to this place!  This place over 20 different types of specialty flavors of popcorn!Anyone that knows me knows that I LOVE POPCORN!!!!!Plus they have gourmet chocolate, specials oils (think salad and pasta)....oh yes the have gourmet pastas as well.Love this place!
5	Absolutely fantastic business! Debbie is a sweetheart and treats every customer like she spent the day baking for them. Excellent popcorn! And everything else looks good too. I will definitely be back.
5	If this isnt the cutest little quaint candy shop.  I love how you are engulfed with the aroma of popcorn at first, then as you walk further in you feel intoxicated with the chocolate smell.  The place is packed with a great number of every flavored popcorn you can think of, the even have peanut brittle, candied nuts, chocolate covered raisins/nuts/pretzels/marshmallows, cake pops (those lollipops made out of cake) and another showcase filled with all kinds of fudge.  It was so pleasing to the eyes and nose, so imagine how the taste buds would be treated??  Im sure if I had walked in hungry, Id clean out my wallet, luckily I just had lunch before chancing upon this place.I sampled some cheddar popcorn---amazing and still very fresh tastingorange infused fudge---to die forchipotle dip---very flavorfulvanilla fudge with walnuts---divineThe owner even puts together gift baskets for every occasion, and even customizes upon request.  One wall is dedicated to bling, not the edible kind though :) Im so glad I found this place cause Im all for supporting local businesses.  Forgot to mention:  they even serve soups, sandwiches and chili, maybe even more things, but I cant recall clearly.  Check it out, I guarantee you will walk out happy.  Plus the owner is so warm and friendly, which makes it all the more easier to want to spend time and money here.
5	This place is fantastic!  I first discovered them when they sold their homemade popcorn at Trader Marc's.  When I found out that they had opened a store, I was very excited and after visiting a multiple times, I was not disappointed.  Their popcorn is fantastic.  I especially like the Golden Cheddar and White Cheddar flavors.  They don't just "dust" the popcorn.  It's much more flavorful than any other that I've tried, and every few pieces, you'll get one that has some of that delicious white cheddar built up on part of the kernel and that is the best part.  They make and sell all kinds of other treats as well including candied apples, various chocolate confections, and even chocolate covered bacon!  Yep, that's right, I said bacon.  Quit browsing reviews already and just go to Treetz!
5	Wow!  What a gem!Big selection sweets (including gourmet apples, ice cream, dipped Oreos, marshmallows, etc) and tons of popcorn flavors. They have so many neat gift ideas and really creative concoctions.  You can tell the owners pour love into what they make.  They even make homemade marshmallows!
5	The kettle corn is the best I have ever had. I am not a fan of kettle corn under most circumstances, but this knocked my socks off. I have referred all of my friends and they all agree this place is awesome.
5	Yum!  Just moved to Fort Mill and was looking for culinary gems.  This place is just so much fun...and reasonable!  The kids loved the chocolate-dipped soft serve!  And this place introduced me to the joys of...chocolate covered bacon?!?  Believe it or not, it's pretty good!  It's like stopping at a carnival stand without all the hassle of the actual carnival!  Going back really soon!
5	I just visited this store for the first time and I'm so mad I didn't go in sooner!!! This is the perfect place for little presents for the holidays or other occasions. The popcorn is made in small batches so it's fresh and delicious. The "Better than movie theater" popcorn is amazing. I also loved the Chili Lime - spiced just right. The fruit flavors are also good. Their chocolate is also top notch and very well priced. Most of the items are made right there in the store. I told the associate today that it was my first time in the store and she took the time to show me everything, answered questions and even gave me a very nice sample cone. Yum! So many chocolate places around Baxter Village, Ballantyne are so expensive. This is reasonably priced and just as delicious.
