4	I was thrilled to find this frozen yogurt store in a typical Ahwatukee strip mall.  I am more than a little health conscious and their ingredients are not only guilt-free, but actually healthy - live cultures and no fake sweeteners.  It's a great way to take care of a sweet tooth!
3	So I thought I'd drop in for a little afternoon delight. Lots of Yummy Flavors to choose from.I was looking forward to a real sweet treat with lots of candy on top!It's March so I  chose Irish creme mmmmm with almond roca topping.I was enjoying it for about the first 3 bites then all I could think about  was "Twangy Tart"!All this time I thought I loved the Golden Spoon, that is until I let the Ice Tango do a little dance on my tongue! Trust Me once you try the Twang you'll be like Daaaaaang! And Nothing else will ever be the same!Damn You Ice Tango! You have ruined me from enjoying any other Frozen yogurt joint!Golden Who?
4	I decided to give Golden Spoon another shot.  And you know what...It was pretty damn good!!I love that they have the "mini" size, it's perfect. I ordered a mini cafe latte with almond roca (see pics) YUMMY!!They also put the toppings in the bottom of the cup along with on top of the yogurt!They have actually jumped on the Tart Train Woo Woo!Mango Tart anyone??? Different than most tarts your used to but really good nonetheless, it's taste reminded me of something I just can put my finger on??I still can't give 5 stars until they start using fresh fruit instead of that fruit glop though.
1	So Back down to 1 star....THIS LOCATION anyway!I've been here about 6 or seven times since my last update.I just couldn't get enough of the chocolate malt with almond roca!!The problem is they are obviously in denial about the broken yogurt machine............ITS NOT FREEZING THE YOGURT!!!!!I've questioned this many times as my yogurt is a dripping puddle by the time they fill the cup and bring it to the counter. (see pics)I've also sampled other flavors and none of them seem to be freezing properly!"Oh the machine is fine, it's just this flavor""Yes it's at proper temperature we check it all the time"That's funny I thought proper temperature would require frozen Yogurt to be Frozen???I found another location and got the same flavor I always get and it was perfectly peaked and frozen the whole time I was eating it!Soooooo COURTNEY.......BUY A NEW YOGURT MACHINE OR HAVE THAT ONE PROPERLY REPAIRED!!!It's Supposed To BE FROZEN REMEMBER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	I frequent this place at least once a week to enjoy the wonderful affordable AND low cal fro yo at Golden Spoon. I LOVE this place. They have all the standard toppings and even carry seasonal flavors like Pumpkin (my personal favorite). The fro yo does come out soft, so I sometimes take it home and freeze it so it gets icey. All this considered, it still deserves five stars. How can it be that we live in the scorching hot desert and there is only a handful of fro yo possibilities in the area? Of all the strip malls full of nail spas, tanning salons and every random franchised experience under the sun, why are there only a few jumping on the fro yo lovin train?
5	So happy to have not only frozen yogurt in Ahwatukee, but relatively healthy frozen yogurt at that.  The toddler and I come here often and he always lets me pick the flavor (such a gentleman).  I've been to other locations in California and those seem to have eight flavors and ours always has twelve so that's a big plus.  My favorite is pumpkin, they should have it year round, but I've never had a bad flavor.  My dream flavor though would be a tart yogurt, kind of like Pink Berry or MoJo's.  Maybe I'll right them a letter.
5	Mojo, Yogurtland, Yogurt City, Etc Etc Etc ... you can suck it. Golden Spoon is where it's at.Fat Free, Low Calorie, $4 for more than I can cram into my fat face.WINNER.
4	I was wondering where could I get soft serve ice cream and remembered  Golden Spoon while being yogurt, most of the flavors are non tart,  and Golden Spoon is even better ( health wise definitely)! Less calories, many delicious flavors at a reasonable price. I wish they had more fresh fruit. I'm more of a fan of tart yogurt and their plain is not that good, but the pomegranate blueberry was really good, especially with cheesecake bites. When I'm in the mood for non tart frozen yogurt, Golden Spoon is the place to go!
3	I like frozen stuff. Ice cream, frozen bananas, mountaintop snow, icebergs, glaciers, frozen caveman lawyers - all good.A friend introduced me to Golden Spoon this afternoon. What a great treat! They have convenient little portions for the sensible and great big portions for the more gluttonous. It tastes great, costs little, and really hits the spot.
4	If its cold, creamy ,sweet, and I can put many a topping of choice on it and its fat free and low calories, I'm all in. Golden spoon is this and more. Simply delicious flavors and all around good. Need I say more?
3	So I've been back several times and I've tried some other flavors and they do have a weird aftertaste, as in "blech, cough" I need some water to wash it off my mouth!The tart flavors are pretty good and that's what I'm going to stick with from now on. Plus, is pretty inexpensive and instead of me filling a huge cup to the brim with yogurt, they do the portion control for me.
5	Are you a victim of the Fro-yo scam? Have you or your loved ones been harmed by this wallet-devouring, cup-size-deceiving, topping-encouraging conspiracy? Help has arrived!Surely you've stopped by one of those places. Probably at the mall. They're so colorful and bright inside and have some insane number of flavors to choose from. You pick up your cup, try out a few different flavors, then walk by the topping bar..oooh, the topping bar. You make your way to the cash register, and pay up your.. $8.72?! For a cup of yogurt? Yep, they got you. Golden Spoon proves you can get great fat-free frozen yogurt without having to pay a lot. They have about a dozen flavors at any given time and rotate every month. Within that selection are the classic chocolate and vanilla, a few fruity flavors, and rotating specialties, such as peanut butter cup, espresso, and mint. You can try anything, and I encourage you to do so! I make it a habit to try one flavor every time I go in even if I think i'll probably just get one of my usuals. This is how I found blueberry pomegranate- turned out to be my all time favorite! I think the texture of the yogurt here is superior to other places i've been- it's ultra smooth and creamy. I barely believe it's fat free! Some of the flavors (like cake batter) are incredibly sweet, so I've come to prefer the tarts. Usually in the same machine as a tart will be a sweet flavor, and you can swirl them together! You can add on toppings (the employees get your yogurt and add the toppings for you) for an extra fee. They are quite liberal with the amounts when you do pay for them. I've also found them to be quite flexible with letting me getting two different flavors in a container. They have specials on different days of the week- once you establish which flavors you love, Monday is the best! You can get a whole quart for just $4. That's about what one small cup of yogurt would cost at the mall!
4	One word: TOFFEEI have tried, and loved, many frozen yogurt flavors in my day, but not one has stopped me in my tracks the way the toffee low-fat frozen yogurt did today at Golden Spoon.I agree with other reviews, the recent self-serve froyo craze is overrated. Forget the huge portions and all the mixing and matching. All I need is a mini size for a nice, refreshing cool treat on a hot day.This location is close to home, always clean, and the staff is super friendly.  And I love the stamp cards so I can earn free yogurt!  Just a tip, go on Two Stamp Tuesdays and earn double stamps! Wahoo!
5	I went by today and it was closed, equipment and chairs have been moved out. :(
