4	Interesting selection of offbeat household decor- rugs, pictures, hangings, etc.  Great place to find unusual dishes- prices are pretty reasonable.  Good sales in their wine section, especially if you sign up for their email listing.
4	How could you not like this place?Fun variety of kitchen goodies(prepping, and plating), interesting decor, decent furniture. If that's not enough, wander back to the wines, pick out something new(and relatively cheap), then grab a tasty treat(My recent pick? Crunchy Chocolate Hazelnut Spread. Oh yes.). I also enjoy getting the seasonal beer samplers for my beer snob of a boyfriend!I will admit, some items are beyond my meager budget, but you can find a lot of steals, too(Sign up for the emails, like Nina O. said).
5	I just noticed that the address for World Market is for it's old location.   It is now at: 1700 Deming Way which is by Greenway Crossing.  My wife and daughter found this place years ago when they were in West Towne area.   I always thought it was some sort of dollar store because of the Cost Plus name.  Boy was I wrong.   We have found some fantastic and unique gifts here.  They also have some very good international food selections and a ton of wine for good prices.They run some fantastic sales too.  Just for something different explore this store sometime.  There are other nice stores in the area too.
5	I love being able to come and get food from all over the world.  My husband is Australian and was so happy to find a good selection of Ginger Beer and Marmalade.  I love the gift wrapping and home decor section.  I just need to win the lottery now.
4	I know, I know.... Chaaaaaaaaaaaain!But they have some of the best customer service in the biz. Didn't have 8 of the stools I sought? NBD. They ordered them from another store because the central warehouse was going to take too long, and they gave me 15% off for the inconvenience. Solid!
3	Well....hmmm....what to say?  First, think Pier One, extra large....Lots of imports, soaps, incense, unique kitchen ware, over priced weird, yet funky and eclectic furniture....you know you want it, but it's uncomfortable and falls apart because of poor craftsmanship....oh, wait, sorry...it's an import....can't say that :Plolright?I'm sorry, but this place is just over priced.  I think it must be because it is a convenient place located to high $$ wealthy neighborhoods and let's people go on a convenient "worldly" spending spree in an import Walmart.  Okay, that might be a bit harsh...no, checking....nope, not harsh.  Truth be told, it is a lot easier and more convenient to shop here than run around to the little independent import shops scattered around Madison.  So, in reality, this may be your only choice if you want to have something cool, semi-unique, and give yourself cache for that champagne brunch or exclusive dinner partyBetter idea...IMHO...go out and tour the small farm towns, buy locally made cool arts and crafts!  Support our local struggling rural economy....Hint:  This review may be TOTALLY biased, given I live in a little rural community and find the idea of grand-standing on mass-market import kitch second only in pain inducing earaches to chewing tinfoil while drinking lemonade :P
4	A more cost efficient version of Anthropologie? Yes, please! And there is, literally, a wall of haribo gummi. You can't go wrong here. Eclectic furniture, lamps, teas, foods, WINE, WINE, WINE, and all of the kitchen kitsch to make your heart go pitter patter. For the bargain hunters who love color, birds, and snackies...this is the place for you.
5	I love just about everything about this store.  I can cure my food cravings for what I miss from London and Japan, buy outstanding quality fair trade organic rice for realistic prices, taste wines and snacks on Saturday afternoons and pick up killer deals on their clearance items.  Customer service has always been fantastic and the store is always in excellent shape.If I'm headed to greenway, it's for World Market!
4	Whenever I get homesick, I come here. They have rogue beer, Juanita tortilla chips (during certain seasons) and other various things I took advantage of when I was in Washington. My fiance is from Hawaii so I also stock up on products from Hawaii. Great selection of various other ethnic foods, as well as not so ethnic. They have a great rewards program as well as a coffee program. I think if you but 10 bags of coffee,  you get one free. And the coffee is good, a lot of different flavors. A ton of wine and beer. Always a plus. Lots of furniture and cooking tools. If anything, it is worth the stop to just look around. I'm sure you will set least find one thing you can't live without!
5	As a kid, World Market provided Santa Claus with everything he needed for my Christmas stocking. Very unique and fun kids toys. As an adult, I enjoy looking at their gorgeous kitchen items and home decor. I can find eclectic, nice-looking household items in my style and my price range. Ten years ago, I bought blankets, comforters, and dishes there, and they still look great. If you want furniture that will last for 20 years, shop somewhere else. Don't complain if you buy a $700 couch and find out that the frame is made out of pine wood and particle board--most modern furniture is. It's still great value FOR THE PRICE (that's why I gave them five stars). If you can afford to buy a $3,000 couch with a solid hardwood frame, then go somewhere else.I looked at 20 local, chain, and consignment furniture stores in Madison and couldn't find anything under $2,000 that was attractive and comfortable. I found a nice couch on sale at World Market but the color I wanted was only available online, with a $110 delivery fee. I stopped by the store to look at the couch again, and was told that I could have the couch shipped to the store for free, and could pick it up there. I signed up for the shopper rewards card and got an additional 10% off! The employees were friendly, attentive and helpful. They did not pressure me to buy anything. I will definitely be back.
3	One of my favorite stores.....but, how come the cashiers are so slow?  I saw returns being made at the register which slowed everything down.  It took forever to be checked out with just 2 items....  :(  I would suggest figuring out returns and where to do them.  Don't make everyone else wait!
