4	I have used A&M to wrap an offshore boat and also install graphics on my RV.The design came out great and the install was done well. There were some issues with the materials due to installer error, but they sent an installer to my shop and fixed them and have made it right.
5	Andrew had my car wrapped for my law practice and his crew did an outstanding job.  I later needed 2 changes to the wrap and he got me right in and squared things away for me.  His work is top notch and his crew and office workers are the best.  They make you feel at home.  I will be using A&M again when I wrap my next car.  I would not hesitate to use this company.
4	I just had these guys make some signs for the trailer of my new business.  I also had their design department spruce up my logo a bit since I had made it in Microsoft Paint.  :)The design process was SLOW.  Took about 2.5 weeks total time.  That being said, right off the bat I told them to not be worried about rushing the work since my trailer would not be done for 2 weeks.  I just think they got really busy or put me off since it was such a simple design.The printing was wicked fast and my signs were done in 2 days after the design process.  The signs turned out great and EXACTLY to the dimensions we agreed on and the logo is HIGH QUALITY.  I am super happy with my new signs and with the quality of their work.  THANK YOU A&M GRAPHICS!!!I would recommend these guys for sure!
5	These guys are very professional and did an amazing job on my truck wrap. From start to finish I was completely satisfied with A&M Graphics. Their installation team did an amazing job with very high quality. Choosing A&M was a very Smart move! You should too, you'll be happy you did.
1	My experience with a&m was less than acceptable bad communication I left a deposit came back to go over design. I was told they would call me in a week we went back and forth a few times. It took so long I went somewhere else and had my wrap on before they called me. They kept my deposit this was a lesson learned. I hope anyone else has better luck
