5	After having been to the Maui gallery, I decided to check out the Venetian location.  My bf and I have fallen in love with many of Lik's photographs.  I decided to purchase a calendar of photographs from Hawaii as gift for him.  When I went to pay for it, they put the calendar in a bag and told me to keep my money.  Amazing!
5	My book shelf is littered with Taschen's city photography books, Robert Doisneau (my absolute hero of all time) collections - "street photography" stuff; photography of mutable things.That's where my interest lies - photography of mutable things. Even for myself, I prefer to take photos of street musicians making a buck at the London Underground, accordian players on the Parisian metropolitain, the old man selling snacks on the side of Lyndhurst Terrace back home.Scenic photography? I was never really taken.Not until I saw Peter Lik's work at this gallery. So THIS is what absolute beauty looks like. I stood, unmoving, in front of the image of the jetty at dusk for the longest time ever - feeling the real implications of the saying, "a picture is worth a thousand words".
5	My girlfriend and I wandered into the gallery inside the Forum Shops at Caesar's, and I instantly fell in love with his work - so much so, that I have actually gotten into photography myself. His work is so inspiring. It is amazing what he can do with a camera. As soon as I buy a house, I am definitely purchasing one of his works to hang.My only complaint is that I have continually emailed from Peter's web site asking when they will be opening the New York City gallery, since I only live an hour away, and to this date all of my emails have gone unanswered - but that is not a reflection on his work, which is absolutely stunning.
5	PICTURE PERFECT...Have you been to this gallery?  You need to see this gallery.  I was at the Venetian and saw this gallery and walked in and was in awe!  Granted, I am starting to get into photography and one day wish to take photos just like his but you need to see his photos!  I believe there is a gallery at the Ceaser Forum Shops and Mandalay Bay shops!  Either way, I would love to go on a photo shoot with this guy!  His photos are amazing!One day when I am making the big bucks, my house will be filled with his photos!
5	Peter Lik is a tremendous photographer with a collection of work that would excite anybody.  His work is stunning!I have purchased two pieces from this gallery over the years.  The first piece, "Ghost" has appreciated substantially since I bought it.  The second piece, "Tranquility" has also appreciated a good amount.  I did not buy these as investments, but the idea that I might one day sell them for more than what I paid makes me feel good.The gallery itself is very well designed.  The salespeople are likely going to be hit or miss, as is the case with so many things, but I have had pretty decent experiences.  Good enough to get me to spend money...twice.There is quite a bit of lead-time on getting your work delivered, but they tell you that before you order.  I was able to get my works faster than average because the framing studio they use is located in Sausalito.I get emails for events in Vegas and gallery openings around the world.  I have never attended or met Peter, but I am pleased that they continue to invite me.  One of these days...
5	This guy has the most amazing photography.  It's worth the time to go to the gallery to see his art when you visit Vegas.  Prices range from $3k up into the millions but each print is numbered.  You'll be part of an exclusive group if you decide to purchase.  Even if you don't, there's a lot to see.
5	We were strolling around the mall at the Venetian hotel when this gallery caught my eye...the photographs are amazing!!!  I have never heard of Peter Lik but I love his work.  His photographs are all mostly panoramic landscape images.  I saw multiple photos that I would love to have hanging on my wall.  I'm just jealous that I can't take photos like these & get to travel all over the world in order to take them!
4	His pictures are definetly the kind you would want in your home. I'm not an art connoisseur but seeing his work for the first time made me wish I had a blank wall to put up something of his. It strikes you with awes, you could stare for, literally hours. And not cheap at all. 10k is definetly money I don't have for a photo, even if it is framed. Not gunna knock the guy for it though, shoot I would if I was him.  Should definetly check it out though if you have not. Almost seems like you're checking out great works of art at a museum. Just without the educational part, perfect if you hate to read. Just look at the pretty pictures.  Hey even go to check out their furniture, it's for sale too. You'll walk away with at least seeing some things you otherwise would never have. Ever.
4	We strolled around his gallery admiring his photogrpahy.There is no doubt that Peter Lik is an amazing photogrpaher. At his gallery most of his works were landscapes and nature. The captures were artistically composed and looked stunning.His work is definitely expensive, this particular store had his work available for $5000 and up!
4	Very pleased with my experience here.  Peter's work is so beautiful and extraordinary.  Having great, attentive, non-pushy, honest sales staff helps make an expensive purchase easy.  We were constantly offered any beverage we wanted.  They even ran out and purchased me Starbucks to make me feel at home.  I am a small fish in the high-roller big fish pond, but they still put in a few hours of showing me any work that I wanted.  This is how you should be treated when purchasing something expensive.
3	This was the first time seeing this art and I was so impressed. The display of the art and very soothing to walk in after being pushed around the mall area with all the noise and jostling.
5	All the Peter Lik photos are beautiful and very well displayed in all his galleries in Vegas. The only gallery I wasn't impressed with was at the Cesar Forum shops. They just aren't as friendly there. Anyways, I have collected three and so far, each time I go they like to load you up on drinks for free and let you sit in front of the piece and get to know it intimately. The works speaks for itself. I am going through a really hard time and need to sell my pieces. I own a 1 meter Aquamosaic in a plexiglass raised invisible frame, Genesis 1 meter w/black matte and dark brown frame, and Icy waters, also 1 meter, black matte with boxed brown frame. Please message me if you have seen these in the gallery and are interested--name your price.
5	I've been to this gallery SEVERAL times, and I've seen the positives on the table. But people will say "It's photoshopped, so I don't want it". This is one of the most IGNORANT statements I've heard. Photoshop is what use to be the darkroom back in the day. You might as well say "This was shot on a digital camera, I don't want it".Photoshop is ESSENTIAL to digital photography, if you want Quality. First of all, RAW format. What is RAW format? It's exactly how light hits the sensor. Doesn't allow any alterations from any processing done IN-Camera. What does this mean? Color is most likely inaccurate. Why? Because the sensor is not balanced for the particular color, let's say, inside a canyon. On a rainy day. In broad daylight. White will appear grey, and black will look washed out.It's also saying "I will not purchase any of Ansel Adam's Work because it's been post processed." YES, even the great Ansel Adams manipulated his work to hell. He did his in the darkroom though, because photoshop didn't exist! Now if Peter Lik Photoshopped in clouds, some horses, that would be a different story. That would be a composite, and should be advertised as such. Photoshop = darkroom processing back in the day. You dodge, you burn, you change the tones, you push, you pull, it's literally, the same as Photoshop without the chemicals.Now, if his "sales team" mislead people on what Photoshop really is, and what it does, then okay. That's the sales team problem. If anything, modern photography is EASIER when you use film. Especially color photography. Why? because you don't need to "develop and Post-Process" your images. Somebody does them for you. Digital Photography, you would have to do this yourself with the means of Photoshop.
5	The finish on his work are all through his exposure process, the type of paper they use, and the type of camera he uses. Judging from a man who has carried a camera since he was 8, I think most of his exposures and shots were all mastered by technique. Tranquility was used with a very slow shutter, overcasted weather, and proper natural lighting. I believe a couple of his canyon pieces he worked on took a few days because he had to keep coming back and sitting around for hours to capture the proper lighting for it.  Any photographer knows the cost and expenses for exposing their own work on paper and in a dark room, so you can only imagine why his work is marked at high prices. He just doesn't print these pictures out from a printer. The galleries are remarkable. The staff is usually very passionate about their work, and regardless if you are looking to buy or not, they are always willing to show you their light demonstration. Definitely stop by to see their light demonstration even if you have nothign to do or want to do something, or even impress a date! They take you to a dark room which displays one of his work and they put it under studio lights. They then change the lighting from dim to bright and you see the difference of the lighting affect the photo by the skies adjusting from afternoon bright sky to sunset. It'as pretty fascinating and different. I think it's an experience and a must see. Rest assure that you can leave the gallery without a judging eye lurking at you for not buying.
3	I've traveled the galaxy over.  I know beauty when I see it....hell, I bagged Natalie Portman when I was 11 and didn't even know how to act, right?  And the Deathstar?  It was breathtaking until it acquired that big hole in it from when my idiot son shot a damn bomb into one of the vents.  Oh, don't act surprised that it wasn't completely blown up - like that screwup could have ever created the totality of destruction shown in the movies.  The ship was fine.  It just took a lot of post-edit Photoshopping to make it LOOK different than it was....you know, kinda like the stuff in this gallery.Anyhow, I wanted to spruce up my lair a bit, so the Lady Vader and I headed to Vegas to acquire some art for the walls.  Stopping off at the Lik gallery revealed 2 things to me:1)  His work is visually stunning and2)  It's also 80% fake unlike some other talented photographersI liked what I saw there, I really did.  But his big new "reveals" - a bunch of moon shots...look, I've traveled all over and I can tell you beyond a doubt that when the moon is actually IN FRONT OF clouds and trees as they are in his latest "masterpieces", the world is in a whole lot of trouble - because, guess what?  The damn moon has just breached the atmosphere and is about to crash into the planet.  Any claims that these pieces are not so heavily Photoshopped  so as to not even qualify as photographs anymore is ludicrous.  Besides the cloud/trees somehow ending up behind the moon, there's also the issue that even if the newest piece WAS at one time a photograph, it would have to be at least 2 overlaid on one another, because there's no way to get a telescopic view of the moon like that AND capture a tree in the background.  It's an either/or proposition.  A lot of his water pieces are so heavily filtered and smoothed that they look cartoonish.  The only pieces he had in this entire gallery that looked remotely honest were pieces that were, frankly, a little lackluster.  The best piece in the entire gallery?  Was a picture of an elephant headbutting a tree - and it wasn't even his picture!  It belonged to his girlfriend or something which, somehow, still merited a Lik-like asking price of $15,000 for the image, even though nobody's ever heard of her.  The Lady Vader heard that asking price and inadvertently used her limited Force Powers to Force Throw the sales rep into a viewing room.I get it.  He's the most collected artist on the planet right now.  Hell, Han makes a fortune smuggling his pieces to Lando's casino-planet.  He issues a run of 950 prints, and it sells out in a matter of weeks.  But you watch his show on the Weather Channel and he tries to make it look like he's hanging off of canyons and jumping off of waterfalls to capture nature via photography, and that's just not what's going on here.  He's an artist, no doubt about it - he's just not a photographer, as much as it pains me to say about one of my countrymen.Digital photography has its limitations - that's why so many top photographers don't use digital.  I'm sorry, but if I'm going to embezzle from the Empire's accounts and risk Palpatine punishing me by giving me a backrub with those clammy, wrinkly, gnarly ass hands of his - and make no mistake about it, I have acquired quite a bit lately - I'm going to use those dollars on someone who's images are at least pure and untouched - someone who will go to the ends of the Earth to capture an image and present it as it was taken, not after a team of computer nerds brushed it up.  Peter chooses his medium, which is still inferior to film.  He needs to accept those limitations instead of trying to cover them up. There's a Rodney Lough, Jr. gallery just up the road at the Crystals in City Centre.  The 2 of them have amazingly similar offerings - sometimes from the same location from the same angle.  The difference being, I know that when I buy a Lough piece, I'm getting a photograph.  When I look at a Lik piece, I know I'm buying CGI, and that just ruins it for me.  If I want CGI, I'll just use a point-and shoot camera to get some shots and have Lucas put in some iLightsabers and a space battle overhead.  And, to be perfectly honest, even with all that Photoshopping done in Lik's works?  Frankly, Rodney's still look better.  There weren't many Lik pieces we saw that we were even remotely interested in.  Rodney's?  Our biggest problem was whittling down which pieces we wanted.Sorry Lik, but Lough's got you beat.  There's a 50 year old man out there humping around 4 times as much equipment and who is limited by how many sheets he brings with him as opposed to a bottomless bag of flash drives, who doesn't brush up his images in any way, and he makes it look better than an entire team of Photoshoppe experts.3 Deathstars.
5	I am not a professional photographer nor am I an expert at photo editing but it doesn't take a genius to see how great Peter Lik's works are. I was taking a friend from out of town around the forum shops when this picture of a giant moon behind a leafless tree caught my eye. Thankfully, my friend didn't mind accompanying me inside where he enthusiastically asked the staff questions with me and looked into a couple of shots we suspected were photoshopped (not like it's a big deal anyway, we were just messing around)One of the pictures was probably from the Grand Canyon in Arizona. The camera snapped an out-of-this-world shot of a sunrise within a rock arc and for a moment, we were both in total awe. The staff, who were really friendly, took us to a counter to explain how much the artworks were. $300,000 for a limited copy! We were chuckling sarcastically at the price range and gleefully told the staff we were only coming back after we graduate. I guess, ultimately, people visit the gallery because they aren't really in it to purchase the works but to savour nature through Peter Lik's lenses. I'm definitely going back, hopefully with a galpal, soon because people in this city need more exposure to culture and art! 5 Stars!
5	I didn't know who Peter Lik was until I saw this gallery while perusing about Caesars palace. As we were passing by, I noticed the gigantic photos taking up the entrance and felt compelled to go and check it out. We walked in and i was blown away by the photos. They are right there all up in your face. He really captures the beauty in things. It sounds cheesy, but it's true. The pictures he takes are amazing. We even sat inside one the demo rooms with selected pieces and had the lights dimmed slowly. The way the photos are developed and the high quality materials that are used, produce a high-res image that make the viewer feel like their actually there, like watching a blue-ray movie. When the lights are slowly dimmed, you can still see all the little details as if you were really staring into a fading sunset. I also like the fact that they hook you up with free booze while you're viewing. Peter lik's photos sell for a lot o money too. Check this out: http://www.artbrokerage.com/artist/Peter-LikI'm now a fan and bought a piece for myself.
5	Absolutely breathtaking definitely worth seeing.
4	I had no idea who Peter Lik was prior to entering this gallery.. I was taken aback by the stunning beauty and art that was portrayed.These are huge photos of natural settings that will take your breath away.The one of the pier literally looked like you could walk out onto the pier.This is a must see gallery!
4	Another free thing to do in Vegas. One of the nicer art galleries to check out. There are several around so it's worth stopping by and checking it out.
4	Amazing photos! Love the 3D affect they take in different lighting. Simply stunning!
5	Came across the gallery on a walk around the shops. The pictures completely drew us in. They are absolutely stunning. We were worried that there would be pressure coming in, but the staff was completely welcoming and non pressuring. They let us walk around, take in the beautiful pictures and walk out. I will someday be back to purchase a picture once I have a house to put it in.
5	Truly stunning work! I had never heard of Peter Lik, but was literally drawn into the studio with Howe eye catching his work is!
5	I am an avid Lik collector with 16 photographs. The bulk of them are hung in our offices, and no visitor does not spend at least five minutes talking about them. It has been good for business and it makes me smile every day I walk into work. The employees love them, and invariably compliment the company on the pleasant work environment.
5	Do you know who Peter Lik is?  Well if you saw the movie "life of walter mitty" starring Ben Stiller, he seems alot like the photographer Sean Penn played in the movie.Peter Lik takes astonishing 3d like photos of nature scapes in all of its profound glory.  One of his photo's sold for $1 million dollars!  Peter normally releases a proof set of 45 and then a limited set of 950 of each photo he releases. Every time 100 of the 950 prints sell the price goes up on the remaining prints.  At the end of the print run the price has basically doubled from around $4500 to $9000.This is Peter's largest gallery although he has several in Vegas.  He also currently lives in Vegas and was described as being ADD even though he must be extremely patient when taking his breath taking photos.It is impossible to describe the depth of colors and beauty Peter captures in his photos.  There is one photo of a zebra which I would swear its eye lashes were props applied to the photo, that's how crazy astounding these photos are. The prints are also made on special paper which contains silver which reacts according to the amount of lighting on the print ie the print changes its look according to how much light is on it.  Pricing also includes custom framing, matting, uv protected glass, tax and shipping.While the big prices will keep some people from making a purchase here, I highly recommend visiting to admire this breathtaking work.
