5	I can't speak for everybody on staff, but my guy, Mike, is Picasso with the shears.  He is methodical and precise, and always knows how to interpret my failed attempts at describing what I want my hair to look like.  The guy is simply skilled.  It's a $20 haircut - which includes neck shave, shoulder massage, and face steaming.  I always leave here feeling refreshed and ready to take on the world - what more can you ask from your barber?
4	Great Barber, very friendly and talkative. the place is very clean and they get you in and out pretty quickly.
4	I went in a scalawag and came out a king. SportsTV from the chair, hand razor used on my neck hair, finished with a massage buzzer and a face cloth.
5	Jack is the best barber in town.  I have been going to him for going on two years every other week.  Gotta keep my hair clean and tight,.  What can you say, he has been in the business for years and knows men's hair.  I like that for $20 I get my hair cut (correctly), hot towels, a neck shave and message...  Why would you go to a crapper-cuts and pay 15 for a run of the mill cut when you get so much more, mainly quality, for an additional $5....About once a month I take my son with me and we get a discount for the father/son combo, so it is $34...  Jack's days off are Sunday (closed), Tuesday and Wednesday, so I try to get in on Mondays.
5	This is a classic style of barbershop.  This is the kind of place that you go with your dad, get haircuts, a hot towel, and leave feeling great.  Highly recommended.
5	I've been going out of my way to go here for over five years. Any one of the barbers here will do an exceptional job, if you have a beard or whatever that needs shaping or trimming, ask for Jack.Simply put, I have found none better. A true barber shop experience. My wife can always tell if I go anywhere else, that should tell you something!
3	I'll start by saying that I'm an Army veteran and am picky about a proper haircut- lines, fade/transitions, etc, make or break whether you look like a professional or a college student who paid $5 for a cut from the beauty school on campus.My first experience here was mediocre at best. My fade wasn't even on both sides, and I really wasn't totally happy with it even after asking to have it fixed,Since I'm a reasonable guy and had just moved to town, I gave them a second try a couple of weeks later. Unfortunately it was a similar experience with a second barber, which meant I wouldn't be returning anymore.I'm sure there are good barbers at every barber shop, and it's possible that I drew the short straw and got the two newest employees there- but I'll take my chance elsewhere from no on. Matter of fact, I'm writing this review two months later and am happy to report that I tried two other barber shops in north Phoenix and had top notch results. I won't name them just to make sure that those reading this review don't think I'm biased toward any one in particular.
5	Great cuts!  Vadim is really good.  Got me to come back!
5	I try good barbers everywhere I go and I have to say this was one of the best. Mickaiel (sp?) was a great barber, clean shave and cut.... Ready for another day!
5	Absolutely the best barber shop I have been too. I got a cut and a shave from jack (who has been cutting hair longer than I have been alive) and it was just how i wanted it. They take their time and do it right and make sure you leave feeling like a million bucks.
5	First time coming in today. Met Jack as soon as i walked in and sat right down. Told him the gist of what i was looking for in my cut and gave him free range and he did a great job. The quality and time you get here plus the little extra's makes it worth the extra couple of dollars your spending. I highly recommend Jack and the shop itself.
5	I have been going to Vadim for five or six years now. He is one of the best barbers in town. Liked his skills so much I followed him over to this location from the Kierland Scottsdale location and drive 30-35 minutes out of my way every 2-3 weeks.
4	I am a single mom of a 10 year old son and his hair grows out so fast. I hate the quality of the cheap hair cut places we all know the names of them. Anyway, I wanted my son to have good hair cuts, preferably like military style. Being a girl I knew nothing of barber shops really, but I went to Beauty Brands myself and loved it. Next door was a cute little barber shop, very clean and classy looking, so I walked in with my son and even though I a got a little bit of looks for being a girl and walking in to a barber shop, where men usually expect a break from the female species, they were still completely polite and fast. Usually within 0-5 min my son was in a seat getting his hair cut. They were professional, great at cutting his hair, and even started remembering us after a few visits. The 15 dollar price for a kids cut was a little more than the cheap places, but not unreasonable at all, and well worth it. Each chair had a separate TV to watch and mostly they would change to cartoons for my young son (we've been going since he was about 3). The atmosphere was awesome for a "man" business, they have a pool table, and games to play while waiting. They do the whole hot towel and straight edge shave for the men, they even did the hot towel and shoulder massage for my son if he wanted. I can't say enough of how great they treated us, how great the hair cut always was, the atmosphere amazing, and price totally reasonable. Honestly I would have left 5 stars, but in the past few years they hired a female to cut hair, and an older gentleman. Neither of those two were as good at cutting hair. But still V's is amazing and I love them and never want to go anywhere else. I just request the guy I know is really good and our experience is always awesome! I am constantly telling people to go there.
4	Came here a couple years ago with my cousin for his haircut; so it was the first place that came to mind that was nearby when I needed my own cut.Was around Noon on a weekday when I walked in and was able to sit right down and get things going. Marina asked me what I wanted and got right to it. It turned out very well.I really enjoyed the foam and straight razor to trim the neck and sides. The little massage at the end was pretty great as well.I've been shaving my own head for about 10-13 years. If I continue to keep the hair growing, I'll definitely be coming back.
5	every time i go into V's, its a great experience. Vadim and his wife do a fantastic job on my hair and I never leave unhappy.I wouldn't try anywhere else. This place is great!
4	I keep coming back. The experience is great. I've had one bad experience, but that was mostly my fault. I came in on my wedding day to get a professional shave, and left looking like I got attacked with a machete. I failed to tell them that I have a few skin tags though, so it was my fault in the end. Overall, this is a great place.
1	For black men's hair, this is not the place. Either I went to the wrong guy or something. All I asked for was a fade and to leave the top and he confirmed that he heard me and started to cut all the hair off the side. Not only that The best part is when is that he was more concerned with working the cash register than cutting my hair. I had a better cut at super cuts. I still struggle to find a barber in Phoenix that knows how to cut black hair.
5	Vadim always takes care of me. The setting is old school with a new school flair. I have a very tight schedule and they always get me In and out quickly. The prices are way less then the customer service you receive. I would and do recommend to everyone I meet. Vadim makes me feel like family as soon as I arrive and makes the whole experience seamless and professional. If you want a great haircut and shave go see Vadim for sure!
5	Have been coming here now for almost a year and will continue to be a customer as long as they are open. Vadim knows exactly what to do with a guys hair-- especially those of us who are a little thinner on top than we used to be. Whenever I come in I get my hair cut and my mustache and beard trimmed by Vadim and he has always been perfect! And it's also good to have a 'guy' place to go. However, my daughter got her hair cut here by Diane and she did an excellent job. My son even got his hair cut and liked it.
5	After getting cuts from all the guys at V's I had a chance to try Marina. She is friendly and efficient and makes recommendations she thinks might look good on you. He consistent cuts keep me comming back.
4	I've taken my 8 year old son here 3 times now.  He went from longer hair to a regular boy cut and now to a buzz cut and each time they have been wonderful!
5	I would like to recommend anyone in there, anyone but Jack. I have going there for several years, and when Jack is not there I have to use someone else. They are all great. Just stay away from Jack. That's MY barber!
1	My husband called this morning and made an appointment for 12:30 for a father/son special for him and our 4 year old. We were so excited cause it's was going to be our son's 1st time getting his hair cut by someone other than Grandma. We show up for our appointment @ 12:30 and all 3 barbers were busy with clients. Ok, that understandable. One of the guys tells us to just take a seat in the seating area so we do. 10 minutes later we are still waiting. As soon as one guy finished up, a regular walked in and sat right in the empty seat and started to get worked on. Here we are, still waiting and wondering what is going on...So my husband asks the assistant lady who is cleaning up and mentions we have an appointment and she said "Oh well good thing you told me now." And proceeds to tell the barbers we have an appointment, only for one of them to replay "Good for him!"We had heard such great things about this place, and felt completely disrespected the whole 20 minutes we were there. There was NO customer service on our "experience".We made the drive out to the V's Barbershop at Happy Valley & I-17 instead.
