5	Hooray for Dozen Bake Shop opening a location downtown, nestled between Crazy Mocha and Harris Theater.  A great, locally owned option for bringing treats to the office, or for treating yourself!
2	Dozen's cupcakes are okay. This location is super small. More than six people and it's really crowded! I have had much better cupcakes at Oakmont Bakery. I do really like they're brownies though!
4	I loved the red velvet cupcake. It was really good and the service was friendly and personable. However, they do not have seating and on a hot day, it would have been great to enjoy my cupcake in the air conditioning.
3	Nice people work here & a welcome addition to the bland downtown lunch scene. Kinda expensive & cramped but that's ok
5	My girlfriend and I took a vacation to Pittsburgh, and found this little cupcake shop while we were exploring.  She had a red velvet (which was insanely delicious), and I had a lovely cupcake called the Elvis.  It was banana cake, filled with chocolate & peanut butter frosting.  They were friendly, cheap & delectable.
4	Okay...I think I might faint....Dozen Bake Shop sells a "cosmopolitan cupcake" with vodka infused inside?  For realz?  Can I order them by the case???Thank you Dozen Bake Shop, for being so creative and ingenius with your cupcakes!  And adding alcohol!
2	These two stars are for the interesting flavor combinations, but to be completely honest, the cupcakes are overpriced and dry. I keep going back hoping that this time will be different from the last - maybe I got a bad batch or something - but no I always feel disappointed in the end.  This review is for the Murray Ave. location, I have never been to the one on Butler St. so can not comment on it.
3	This is a tiny bakery in downtown Pittsburgh. Be warned that they don't have any seating so expect to walk in, get your stuff and leave. It's a shame because I was looking for a place to chill.In any case I got their vegan cupcake of the day ($2.50) and a vegan molasses cookie ($1.50). They normally have at least two vegan items such as these.The cupcake was excellent: moist; soft; with subtly sweet strawberry frosting.The molasses cookie wasn't as good. It was rock-hard and, while 20 seconds in the microwave made it much softer, it just wasn't that tasty. I mean, it was okay, but I felt bored after a couple of bites.Dozen should stick to traditional flavors (chocolate chip, peanut butter, etc.), because vegan food is already "out there" and the last thing it needs is more differentiation from the norm.
2	This location is now closed. No business seems to make it on Liberty Avenue. Big Mama's House of Soul is gone, Chick Boutique is gone, The Cordon Bleu Culinary School is closing, The August Wilson Center is having money issues and now Dozen is gone. If Sweetlix closes next I will be pissed!I wasn't a fan of their dry, stale cupcakes, but I never like to see a downtown business fail. We don't have much there now.
