4	Slice of meat-lover's pizza tastes great at 2am after a night of drinking. It's a large slice, and only $4. Best deal in the MGM.
3	you can't really mess up pepperoni pizza at 1am....they also had a 'garlic knot' think Round tables 'garlic twist' in a ball. With some marinara sauce that was to die for....at least at 1 in the morning.
2	The only positive thing about Bonanno's is its availability after 2am.  Sadly, it's a pretty awful excuse for a pizzeria.  Even Sbarro's would have been more desirable.  Once again, dining by necessity.  [Original Visit: November 6, 2010]
3	morning after is delicious however day of is only ok... a little pricey though...
1	Ugh... was last choice but the lines were ridiculous every where else I looked.  Also wasn't going to pay $22+ a plate for the fresh asian fast food place next to it without a line (wonder why LOL).  I should have just sucked it up and stood in the line at Witchcraft and gotten a good sandwich to eat.PositivesPizza is made fresh there.NegativesFood quality sucks.Way to expensive for the quality.I had very low expectations and even then they couldn't meet them, in fact I got sick off my one slice of pizza.  I dont need my quality pool/drinking time interrupted by bathroom trips thank you!  Also I expect pizza to be greasy but my slice was so greasy the toppings all slid off and several puddles of grease formed on my plate while I attempted to keep it all together.    Never again!!
2	Overpriced for the quality and size, but it's just so convenient to be able to grab something to eat in the food court. If any of the other places had vegetarian options, I would go there, but pizza it is. The garlic knots look good, but I think they have a funky flavor to them. I've had the greek salad twice and both times the lettuce was pretty wilted. If I'm staying at the MGM I don't necessarily want to eat here, but it's convenient and cheap compared to everywhere else, though it's still overpriced for plain cheese pizza.
1	Did I seriously pay like $8 for a slice of crappy pizza?
2	greasy pizza.  after patting the pizza down the taste wasnt that bad but not worth the money.  their side salad was absolutely DISGUSTING. no taste and soggy.  we were there at like 10 at night and they only had pizza and no pasta.  lame.  i wouldve rather have gone to the mcds next to it or even hot dogs.  eww. pass.  plus they had pizza sitting out.  then im assuming it was cold so they placed it back into the oven.. errr idk how i feel about that i guess it was still good and all but ehhh.. makes me think that it was old. eww
5	There are 3 locations of this restaurant.....MGM, Flamingo, and upstairs by Coyote Ugly at New York New York. The one at NYNY is Called NYP. This is my favorite pizza on the strip by far. They usually stop serving pasta at 10pm.
3	Would I rather pay too much for mediocre hot dogs or mediocre pizza? Count this as another winning data point for mediocre pizza.
4	Not the world's greatest food, but my friend wasn't feeling well so we took a quick break. I grabbed some meatballs and promptly dropped them on the floor, myself, and another customer. Clearly my fault, but the staff were cool enough to replace them for free. Customer service may not feed me, but it's still important, and they took care of my hunger pangs.
2	Super disappointed. Really expensive and they messed up my order. Pizza was ok, pasta was cold. But make sure to open the box before you leave. Really nice people but really bummed they mess up the order. I never complain so just giving you the heads up
2	Not bad- for a food court pizza.  I could barely taste the pepperoni on this pie, but the overall flavor was decent.  The price was rather excessive- $5.95/slice. I guess Bonanno's wants to provide a real Big Apple experience: NY-style pizza and a mugging at the cash register.  Still, it beats the hell out of starving.
4	Every review is tinted by circumstances.  In reality, this is probably an average fast food joint, but after paying more than $40 for a lunch at Rainforest Cafe earlier in the day and having to make a couple of emergency stops at random restrooms afterward, it was reassuring to have flavorful food that allowed my stomach to remain calm and my wallet to remain thicker.
3	Almost forgot to give a review on this place!!  Came here in early February on a party weekend with some old buddies.  I was rolling through MGM on my way to the last tower and dying for some food, so I decided to try Bonanno's.  The pizza was ok, somewhat New York style, but a cheaper version.  As I always say "A Good Pizza is Always Based on the Sauce and Size of the Crust."  Now these guys delivered on the crust, but still lack on the sauce.    If your in a hurry and just need something to eat, then go for it, but if your looking for die hard New York pizza, go elsewhere.
3	If you're looking for a cheap bite to eat while at the MGM Grand, this may be the least expensive choice.  A slice of pepperoni will cost you only $6, which is a bargain for this area.  The food tastes OK, and the service is pretty quick.  Sure, you can find better pizza in Vegas, but you won't find anything quicker or cheaper.
4	I don't know if it was the booze or the fact that we were starving, but i thought the food was great.  It was cheap, the slice was huge and the service was great.  I agree with other reviewers, it is not the best pizza in Vegas but it serves its purpose beautifully.  Yup, i'm a fan.
1	Over priced and low quality. Normal Vegas markup so everything is overpriced but this pizza is worse than frozen generic store brand
3	Pizza was OK, but hit the spot at 4am after a night of boozin!  Quick service and priced for strip!
3	I ordered the tomato and basil pizza, and was pleased with the large size of the single slice option. The crust was good, the sauce was OK, but I certainly have had better tasting pizza. Other than that, it's a good quick option if you are on a budget.
3	This place was alright. The portion size was pretty good. There wasn't that much cheese on the pizza. The crust was pretty decent. Something to get fast when you are drunk.
4	I was going to bitch about how expensive it is but this is on the strip. Actually at $6.95 for a specialty slice it's not bad. The slices are huge, btw I ordered two. One mushroom and the other who knows looked like a meat lovers type. The two slices filled the med. pizza box. Also I got a large coke @ $3.95 now that's a ripoff.The pizza's were good the meat one was alot better. Open late night is always a plus. This wasn't my first time and def won't be my last.
2	A Sbarro by any other name ... Located in the Las Vegas MGM Grand, I was expecting above average Italian fare. I think my $4 soda was the best part of the meal. Garlic knots were okay. Pepperoni Stomboli? Meh.
2	Meh. This place is okay. The pizza is okay, not great, but not sucky either. Pricey though, but what do you expect when you're in Vegas. The only upside I can think of coming here is after a night of clubbing since it's open 24/7 I believe. Overall, I have had better pizza but it's convenient eating here especially if you are looking for some quick food.
4	A friend and I stopped here for a preconcert snack before seeing Cheap Trick and Aerosmith in concert at the venue next door.  They sell a variety of flavors of pizza both by the slice and as a whole pie as well as salads and drinks, even beer.  You can even order pasta and chicken dishes.Prices for pizza by the slice were as follows: Cheese $4.95, Pepperoni $5.95, and special flavors $6.95.  I ordered a slice of BBQ chicken with red onion and it was huge.  It was delicious and filling, and so was the rather large salad I ordered.I understand this place is open pretty much 24/7 so it's great for those middle of the night munchy runs that seem to be so common in Vegas.
4	I don't remember how I got here, but my slice of cheese pizza at 4 in the morning hit the spot.  No, it wasn't artisan pizza.  But I wanted a greasy slice to fill me up, and I got what I paid for.  And $5 and some change?  Not bad at all.  A way better alternative to the McDonald's next door.
1	Sick nasty. I had heard of a pizza place in MGM and silly me, I thought this was it. WRONG this is nasty old Sbarro rejects sitting waiting for drunkards to gobble. Cheese wasn't melted, taste was blah, crust flavorless. I will always pass up this. I hear the pizza in the basement on the way to the parking garage is excellent. The more you know!
4	Around the corner from the CSI Experience we visit a food court for a slice of NYC style thin crust pie and some garlic knots at Bonanno's New York Pizzeria.  Garlic knots are pieces of moderately soft baked bread which are twisted into a knot shape and have garlic, basil or other herbs, salt and grated parmesan or Romano cheese sprinkled on them.  The pizza crust is quite thin and crispy.  The tomato sauce is lightly applied and the cheese quality is pretty good.  Afterwards we head back to the room to relax for a bit.  This isn't nearly the best NYC pie I've had...have to go NYC for that...but this makes very nice thin crust pie eating.
1	Overpriced and flavorless pizza. $4.00 drinks n the stuff looks n tastes like it's been sitting out for hours. Should have gotten a cheesesteak next door.
3	Not really the greatest pizza place. The marinara doesnt really taste like marinara... But overall not bad... Dont know if I'd come here again tho...
3	I'm surprised this place has such bad reviews. Sure, I'm a little bummed that I didn't yelp it and get to eat at the higher rated pizza shop, "Project Pie" downstairs, but I didn't think the pizza here was bad. My boy and I were coming back from a concert at the MGM Garden Arena and saw this place open around 11. We thought we might as well go here over "Nathan's." We weren't sure if we'd be able to find food elsewhere. We were tired and ready to go back to our room. FYI this place is located in the MGM Grand, so if you are staying here it's a good option for a quick bite to eat if you don't want to walk out onto the strip. FOOD: (4 stars)I ordered a slice of Pepperoni Pizza.-Thin and crispy crust.-Flavorful, cheese seemed good quality.-Pizza came out at a good temperature.-This pizza tasted better than Sbarro's to me (has thicker crust and crappier ingredients).PRICE and OTHER THINGS: (2 stars)-Vegas Prices, Expensive ($20+ if you want two entrees and 2 drinks) I think the slice of pizza was about $6-Could not find the utensils. Maybe they were all gone at the food court condiment bar by 11 pm. I had to go to "Nathan's" to ask for some. -food court ambiance- enough said.Overall, I think the pizza tastes pretty good, was quick, and was our cheapest meal in Vegas. Perhaps, there are better deals out there for pizza, but I don't go to Vegas often, so I didn't know my options.
1	EWWW Line really long looks like all pizza was pre-made and reheated and then reheated again. My pizza was luke warm so I went back to reheat it and it turned into a huge blob of grease. also not cheap each slice is $4.95 and they charge $3.50 for a fountain soda ! I actually did not eat the pizza because it was just way to greasy.
5	I had the Stromboli which is kind of a baked sandwich made of a dough similar to pretzels. Amazing sandwich. The pretzel-like dough was nothing I had had before. Also had a slice of mushroom pizza. When I first bit into it, a small explosion of flavor filled my mouth and was unexpectedly amazing. A normal, unassuming slice of pizza did not look like it would contain so much flavor. It was really greasy but a few napkin soaks and it was all good. Would highly recommend this place and will definitely go back.
3	Not every meal in Vegas is going to be over the top. Sometimes you just need a quick bite to eat after laying by the pool all day. Bonanno's is located at the Food Court in the District. It is convenient to the MGM Pool Complex. Also, they are open late(maybe 24 hours? They do serve breakfast)Just had a quick slice of pizza, but it was delicious, cheap, and quick. Exactly what I was looking for. Great option for a late night snack too since most places in the area stop serving food around Midnight.
3	It's pizza and it's decent, not the best and not horrible. The thing is horrible is their service, it's TERRIBLE SERVICE even for food court standards!
3	Nothing amazing but it's a perfectly okay slice of pizza and they're open late so you can get a slice after seeing a late show. It can be greasy but blotting with a few napkins takes care of that (my wife is from NY and claims that's sacrilege).
3	Decent Pizza and pasta. My go to spot for a quick snack to hold for dinner. The side of meatballs are quite tasty too.
4	This is perfect night cap grub! If your stumbling out of Hakkasan or find yourself ravenous wandering around the huge MGM grand gambling into the wee hours of the night, keep wandering down to the food court for the most wholesome decision you've made all night. Huge New York style slices with a variety if drool worthy toppings.  I tried the mushroom spinach, one slice is more than enough and with one set you back about $6. Take your huge slice and sit in the food court devouring your pizza and being glad that you let carbs back into your life.
4	First, the employees were SO friendly! They made small talk with me while my pizza slice was heating up in the oven. That's so refreshing!Now, the food was good - not the best, but it's a good, quick slice of pizza. I got a side salad, as well. It's supposed to be a small ceasar salad, but I can't have ceasar dressing. They were nice enough to give me a side of ranch dressing! (Thank you!) So, for a slice of cheese pizza, a side salad, and a regular beverage, it was a little more than $12.
3	Way too much for what you get. Especially when there's another one (much cheaper!)on the strip. Service was okay, nothing special. The food was good, just not worth what they ask at this location.
1	The absolute worst pizza in Las Vegas.  We paid over $30 for 4 slices of BURNT BLAND "pizza."  The staff was careless and cussing at each other and clearly didn't care one bit about the quality of their product.  Seriously, the bottom of our slices was jet black and tasted like charcoal.  This was the worst part of our vacation.  Made a Yelp account just to review this horrible establishment.
3	Bonanno's serves New York style pizza in the food court of MGM.  Pizza by the slice is usually my selection for something cheap and quick when I am on the run.  This is as cheap and as quick as it may get in Vegas.  Pizza is about $6 a slice and they focus on specialty slices.  If you add a couple bucks you can get a side salad to go along with your slice of pizza.  A whole pizza is ridiculously expensive but again I don't think anything is cheap around here.  The line was long and the pizza was ok.  It was cheaper then fine dining but by no means a budget cutter.
3	Easy cheap late night meal. Good affordable vegas food. Recommend staying with pepperoni. Line can be long late night. Great customer service
3	Want comfort food and greasy pizza well stop here. Pizza was okay, but I have had way better regardless if it was new york or los angeles pizza.Ordered two large slices, meat lovers and pepperoni. Each slice was about $6.50 plus a small drink was $3$18 dollars after I was enjoying decent pizza and a drink before attending fights at the MGM Grand.Well I come back again I doubt it.
