4	This is a very decent place.  It isn't right downtown but it is in a nice location adjacent to Scottsdale airport and near the freeway.  Staff is very nice and the rooms are comfortable.  I would stay again in a minute.
4	Stayed here on the tail end of a 2-state 3 hotel trip and LOVED it.Location is great, right off the 101 Loop, they're also near Scottsdale Healthcare (I'm pretty sure folks getting outpatient treatments use the hotel for the location). It's also near a grocery store, some shopping and mid range restaurants. Amenities, free wi-fi, complimentary breakfast, fridge and microwave in the hotel room (and since it's near a grocery store, all the better). They also have a shuttle that they run more like a taxi service that takes you w/in 5 miles of the hotel, I  used it once while there and really appreciated the extra convenience. Oh, I forgot to mention CHEAP ON SITE LAUNDRY MACHINES!!! You have no idea how nice that was to have on the end of a long trip.The furnishings aren't top of the line but the bed was comfortable and they have LCD TV's with most of the basic cable channels. It's not a 4 star hotel but it's homey and comfortable (and beat the hell out of staying with relatives).I'm almost certain if I go back to visit the fam, I'd stay there again.
2	You get what you pay for - no-frills basics but it works. The night staff could use some customer service training.  I have no excuse to stay here again and certainly would pursue other options if looking in the area.
5	Really nice hotel.........  Great staff, great full "FREE" breakfast, shuttle with in 5 miles and a nice big heated pool.  Looked like the hotel just got all new carpet, the place is really fresh and clean.    Just what our group needed.  This hotel is great for Sport teams.  Great places to eat right in the parking lot.  Only a few miles from a big casino
1	If I could give it a zero, I would.  Time was, I would have given it a four star rating mainly because of the courtyard right outside of the suites.  However....  They have recently changed the management team and much of the staff.  The new staff and management are unbelievably rude and nasty,  We used to stay there while in AZ (I mean for 2 to 6 months at a time, yes, that long).  Mainly because they do take dogs and our dogs liked the courtyard area.  This last time, I had numerous run ins with the staff i.e., one morning the guy next to me left his alarm on when he left.   At FIVE A.M.  The front desk refused to go shut it off saying they didn't want to disturb him if he was still there.  I'm like "if he's still there, he's dead, because the alarm is REALLY loud".  They would not call him, knock on his door or anything.  Finally at 7 am I asked housekeeping and they said they'd take care of it.  Nope.  Finally at 8 a.m. I found someone to shut the alarm off.  Another time my dog and I got sick after being in the grass there.  I asked if they spray pesticides or herbicides there.  They assured me they don't.  A week later I see a maintenance guy walking around with a can of herbicides, getting ready to spray.  So I call the manager to complain about being lied to and to ask what the story is.  She would not return my calls.  Not only that, but if you complain about anything, the employees will all gather around you and give you dirty looks to try to intimidate you.  Another time I could not find ANYONe to take my dirty towels and give me clean ones.  So I went into the laundry area and called out.  Nobody.  So I dropped some of my towels off.  THEN a man rushed in and demanded to know what I'm doing in there.  uh, stealing dirty towels?  Yeah, right.  He was really nasty and lectured me.  This place USED to be very customer oriented.  Not anymore.  Considering it isn't "all that" anyway, I'd pass it by and go elsewhere.  Even next door to many of the other customer oriented places.  Also, the clientele is getting more and more questionable.  I had crack addicts stay next to me for a week last time.  And they let their employees live there, so it's like a soap opera with their kids running around unattended and moms and dads fighting and having the police out.
2	This place is pretty dumpy.Work sent me to Phoenix for a couple of days.  I had a suite, but it was not very sweet.  The bathroom door didn't shut, and swung open into the middle of the room.  When I got up to go to the bathroom at night, I ran into the door.  I can only blame Country Inn and Suite for the first night, the second night when I bumped into the bathroom door in the dark, I blamed only myself.The bed smelled like my old roommate's closet... musty and dirty.  Two of my towels were stained with something yellow, I am hoping coffee and not urine...I didn't really expect better, but that's my review.
1	Unbelievable.  The manager of this place actually claimed to Carlson that I so trashed their place that I shouldn't be allowed to stay at any of the Carlson places AFTER I placed the former review.  Before that she said she didn't want me at "her" place, but referred me to a couple of other Country Inns, and even had a receptionist call to reserve our rooms there.  After this review, she claimed (to Carlson) they had to replace the carpets and furniture in their hotel due to my dog.  Really?  My dog stayed in the entire hotel, went into every room and hallway and peed so badly on everything that the hotel had to change the carpeting and furniture throughout the whole three story place?  She must've been one active little chihuahua while I was sleeping.  This just proves what a nasty, vengeful person this mgr. is, and that my assesment of her is correct.  People like that should NOT be in the SERVICE industry.
3	My friend and I stayed here last spring when we went out to AZ to visit our friends.It was pretty standard as far as hotels go. We had a double queen room and it was clean and kept clean. The hotel's near a bunch of businesses including a grocery store across the road and was conveniently about ten minutes from our friends' apartment. I didn't specifically choose this hotel- it was part of a flight package on Travelocity. But I'd stay there again if traveling to Scottsdale. It was affordable and convenient!
5	My home away from home.  I used to live in Scottsdale, and many family members and friends stay here, always happily.  I will be going back again next week.  It's true the rooms are basic, but they are always clean.  The breakfast is huge, and the shuttle service is wonderful.  One Saturday night the guy called in sick and I had ordered it for that evening so the front desk young man paid for a taxi without a blink.What makes this place work is the staff, many of whom have been there for many years.  It is like a family.  The competition right next door is more aesthetically pleasing, but the staff is terrible, and that means a lot.these people really care, and it shows.
5	The staff if superb, the rooms are very clean, and just about everything in this hotel is amazing.
3	Pretty basic room with a flat screen TV. Beds were not comfortable but the room was clean and not bad. Only one elevator and you have to go through the main lobby. Would try to find a better place before staying here again.
3	This place is a good value.  Everything is "good enough" - not spectacular or memorable but the price is right - we stayed for $79.  The free breakfast is pretty standard but the salsa is actually good.  There's also a Chick-fil-A next door - sweet!
5	The only thing that annoyed me was that the hair dryer didn't work.  Other than that, everything was perfect! Wonderful location (it's across from a hospital, which is good to have when you're in an unfamiliar city), and it was convenient to the highway.  The room was clean and comfortable.  Great internet speed (WIFI was a big priority for me).  Even though the hotel is considered "pet friendly," we didn't want to be in a room where lots of pets had been, so we requested a room that was considered pet free, and they were able to accommodate with less than 24 hours notice.  We were also able to check-in early.  Good price for 2 adults and 2 kids.  Swimming pool was enjoyed by all.  Lots of restaurants nearby as well.  Great value.
5	Conveniently located across from the hospital. I'm not the only one who stays here when we're going to see our medical specialists.  It's very comfortable and you can literally walk to the hospital across the street.   The room was comfortable and exactly as advertised.  They were very accommodating to our special health needs, including ensuring we were placed in a room that was reserved for guests without pets, as we have numerous allergies and breathing issues.  Internet was really fast, exactly as expected.  Clean, comfortable, inviting, good location, friendly staff.
3	Nice place but we got a handicapped room, maybe that's why there was no place to put your toiletries in the bathroom. Room for a toothbrush only. This annoys women.The hangers were too low to hang a nightgown. It is pet friendly, barkers allowed, fortunately with the AC on you can't hear them. Nice breakfast great pool.Wish they would use sheets over the blankets instead of bedspreads.
5	This is not a 5-star hotel, but it deserves 5 stars because of what it offers for the price (about $78/night): Spacious, clean rooms. Great customer service, seriously everyone on staff was fantastic. A big heated pool and hot tub, along with lots of towels. Free breakfast buffet that was better than expected and much better than what I got recently at a more expensive hotel for $19. Free internet that's fast and works even in rooms that are distant from the lobby. Our room had a mini fridge, microwave and coffee maker. And right in the middle of a lot of convenient shopping. Simply excellent across the board. Definitely plan to stay again when visiting family.
