5	Here is 1 of the local casino that I love playing when I come visit.  I never stayed here so my review is about the rest of the casino.  They have the machines I love (I play the 1 cent) and usually someone in my party wins something there.  Not always a huge amount but at least they win.  As for the tables, they're not bad either.  It's a lot cheaper here than playing at Green Valley or on the strip.  The Hooters here is like any other Hooters in CA.  The buffet is decent.  It's not the best and it's not the worst either.  Most of the time, we either at the buffet, fat burger, or at Sunset Cafe (which is open 24 hours).  Some of the cafe food isn't good like the cornbeef hash, but their steak and eggs are just like everyone's else steak and eggs in the other casinos.  Plus if you're tired of gambling, there is a shopping mall across the street.
5	Best local casino by far! Sunset has everything from a bowling alley to bingo to a movie theater. The players club is also the best in the valley. They always have free slot play every month and sent great coupons in the mail. The casino is very clean and spacious. The best secret are the late night specials (10pm on) at the cafe. You can get a full breakfast for 2.99!! The buffet is alright, but I'm not a huge fan of buffets. Sunset station is where the locals play, and for good reason.
4	Well I'm leaving the hotel tomorow morning so I guess I'm technically still a guest, but oh well haha.Beds are pretty comfortable, the shower has decent room and water pressure [I hate when hotel showers just drip, it's annoying n difficult], n my only complaint is that they have the cheapest toilet paper is the world--wtf is that about?To get to the pool, get in the side entrance, n use the elevators requires your room key. Kinda weird in my opinion but I guess that's a good idea so random people can't just wander into the hotel or pool area. So safety-wise, a plus.Oh, n there's a Starbucks on the Casino floor sooooo there are NO coffee pots in the hotel rooms and NO refrigerators. Kinda random. At least you have one of those ice cups if you wanna run down the hall to get ice for an ice chest or somethin.Buffet style eating here is pretty good. They have a whole section for sugar-free deserts if you're concerned about that kinda thing. The buffet line is split into each type of food: Asian, Americana, Mexican, n Dessert!Our hotel room was on a non-smoking floor which was nice. But there are also floors that allow smoking.....but if you smoke on a non-smoking floor there's a sign that says there will be a $100 violated fee haha so don't do it.The pool in the back area of the hotel is about three feet deep but it's designed pretty cool almost like the edge overflows kinda like a fountain.Hooter's, Regal Cinema's, n a bowling alley are attached to the hotel/casino. There's plenty of places around like Walmart n Target or Walgreen's to go get anything you might need outside of the hotel close by. Convenience is always great.Overall, it's a good place to stay. Good for families n whoever else wants to stay. Oh n by the way, the downstairs casino area is decorated like it's outdoors---reminded me of an old Disneyland ride lol fake sky n etc!
4	This is my new favorite casino.Very quiet, very nice-looking casino.  Low minimums on blackjack and craps ($5).  Friendly dealers.  And it has many of the slot machines I like:  Invaders from the Planet Moolah, Star Trek.They have a card system that gives you money to play with as soon as you join.
3	This sation casino is outdate for me. The good think about it is what it has to offer locals. There the movie theatre, the bowling alley and my favorite thing, club madrid. On fridays it used to be you could see The WHIP its who are the coolest 80's throwback band. And yes you vant to touch his Monkey. :) :) Other then that i feel like i should be 50 years old in here.
4	My husband and I spent a few nights here before he left for Iraq. Since the military footed the bill, I cannot say anything about room rates. The room we stayed in faced a parking lot, but was on a high enough floor to still give us a great view. The windows in the room were huge! Not like the fake ones you find in a cheaper hotel, where the curtains make you think there's more window than there really is.The casino area was bright and roomy. It made me feel like we were outside in the sunshine, even thought I knew it was already dark outside. We tried two of the hotel's restaurants: The Sonoma (Cellar?) Steakhouse, which is on the very expensive end, and the cafe that served breakfast at a decent price. I can't remember the name, sorry. Breakfast was great though. I know the hotel has a pool, too, but we didn't try it out. We spent alot of time in our room.Another great benefit to the hotel, is that it's so close to so many things to do. One of the malls is just across the street, and Last Shot Tattoo (great place, too) isn't far either. All-in-all, I think this is a great place. :)
4	You can't beat $40 a night on a weekday with a stick.  The room was clean and attractive, the exercise room is sufficient.  The buffet is an awesome deal, $14 for dinner (cheaper if you join the club) and the food was decent enough.
3	Soo, I met the bf's parents we went to Vegas and this was our first stop! After the parents picked us up, they drove us to this hotel. I really liked this place because it's newly renovated, clean, and cheap! They had a lot of slot machines that were the nickel machines and they were loose, too, compare to the fancier hotels at the strip. I noticed the tables had low minimums, too!  Although this hotel is away from the strip, it wasn't a bad drive if you want to stay here over night. Stay away from the buffet, though.. it wasn't that good! Get their Preferred Card, you get points and win some cool prizes! I didn't get to stay for the drawing, though.
3	I canot comment on room...did not stay...but after bad experience at hotel I stayed...may consider next time....oh wait a minute there's a $10 "resort" fee added to room per night...probably will pass.Did gamble quite a bit...went for Monday night football for third year in a row when bears played vikings....$1 dogs and beer....good deal....went back 2 nights later to bet sports and play craps....dealers were friendly and won $200...cocktail servers at craps were efficient...but one at sports book on Monday I tried to get a beerr but she wouldn't serve unless I had a drink ticket...she called me honey...you're not my honey you don't know me....my bad lesson learned for next time.This was my base casino when my friend lived there nearby..he moved away...very good poker machines and craps and not near as crowded as strip or downtown....joined Station players club 2 years ago
4	Been going to Sunset for years now and consider it one of the best off strip resorts in Vegas. Sure; Green Valley Ranch, Red Rock and M are a little newer and appeal to the young crowd but there will always be something about the relaxed decor, buffet, Ben & Jerrys, and Regal movie theatre that I will always enjoy.
4	This place was great!!! I was there this past weekend and enjoyed every minute spent at the location. The buffet is awesome, affordable and delicious. We had a suite on the 8th floor, rm 827. Very affordable, great service, nice clean rooms. Will re visit in December!!!No 5 star rating because there was a convenience fee and it was not on the strip other than that a definite place to visit.
4	Rosalita's Cantina @ Sunset Station Best Mojito I've ever had!!! We went on a Sunday for the happy hour at Rosalita's Cantina. Our bartender "Sosa" was top notch. He had a great sense of humor and establishes exceptional rapport with the guests. Being a Cuban native he smiled when I asked for a Mojito....and said "you make me feel at home, this is our drink! " It truly was his drink!! I've had Mojitos in some of the best Cuban and Caribbean restaurants in NY, and his topped them all. I look forward to going back for happy hour.
2	NOTE: THIS IS A REVIEW OF THE HOTELOur room was in a far wing of the hotel and once you got to the Coco's Restaurant (which was nearly always empty) you could actually kind of breathe and not smell the cigarette smoke that casts a pall over the entire lobby/casino area. Just about the only things I liked at the hotel were the Tarocco Sicilian red orange toiletries (Shampoo, conditioner and hand cream) in our room, the room's decor (tasteful and not quite dated but clearly from the 1990's) and the fact that they had a decent movie theater.The cigarette smoke in this hotel choked us every time we entered. The pool wasn't heated and was an outdoor pool, though it looked like it would be nice if it were warmer weather. It was closed the first night we were there and too cold to get in the next day based on other guests remarks.Our bathroom smelled like cigarettes on our last day there, like the odor was seeping through the ventilation. The beds were some of the most uncomfortable I've slept on. I woke up several times in the night with pain in my back from the sagging mattress. The 2nd night I took a sleeping pill just so I could be knocked out and get some rest it was that bad. The buffet was pretty much inedible, unless you like doughnuts and strawberry yogurt. Lots of variety, all kinds of food - but lacking in flavor of any kind. None of us liked it and teenagers will eat anything, so that's saying a lot.It was especially sad/pathetic to see so many elderly people mesmerized by the slot machines spending away their Social Security checks, yikes! I wouldn't stay here again unless I had to, I'm sure there are nicer places in Las Vegas.
4	So.... I'm reviewing this place based on the event held there... Punk Rock Bowling. First off, I would like to state that they really seem to appreciate their guests and their security is quite resonable... even with punk rockers shinanigans and I think they understood many things were in silly fun.Their night manager was superb! He assisted me with a matter and assured me that the problem would be dealt with any means possible and I was EXTREMELY satisfied with the service! Every member of the staff was there if I had any needs, everything from management, security, room service and even the maid staff!I enjoyed the ability to drink and smoke at leisure and not feel bogged down by extensive rules... although my only negative expierence was while exiting towards the bowling alley, the area suddenly becomes non-smoking, which I was not aware of. I saw several old friends and starting chatting when a security officer told me it was non- smoking. I said okay and started walking into the bowling alley to put out my cigerette in the trash can, which he followed me then told me that I had to leave the building cause I had smoked... despite that I was walking to throw my cigerette away and it was already in the trash. It was so stupid. So instead of grabbing my friend from the bowling alley, cause I was rudely told that I had to leave that second, I ended up leaving by myelf cause I couldn't get my friend. But since I was staying in the hotel it was dumb and only this one person with a bug up his butt.All and all... this place was cool for PRB. The buffet is sorta gross and WAY over priced at almost $17 bucks. Nothing was good, but if you needed to soak up alcohol with large amounts of food, then this is the place.I wish the bar had cheaper drinks. I ordered 3 shots and my friends were blown away when it was over 22 bucks and he charged me 2 bucks for a chaser.
4	I went there this weekend for Punk Rock Bowling and it was Awesome! It is pretty big but it is not that crowded. Everything you need is around the Sunset Station. You have a huge choice of restaurants to choose from. There is a mall across the street and there is also a Wal-Mart and Best Buy. The Casino has about everything you want and if you do want to go to Vegas it is about 20 min away. So your good no matter what.
4	Buffet attendant brought out fresh prime rib for me, and it was the most juicy, tender, and generous cut I've had in Vegas yet.  The $15 price was covered by the cut, mashed potatoes, and broccoli alone.
3	REVIEW OF: MOVIE THEATERI went here to see Prince of Persia. Got there and the line was like 12 deep with one guy working the register (slowly...lol) I could tell we were going to be there a min but it was ok, the company more than made up for the long wait. We got our tickets and moved to grab a bite of something...We ordered the mini dogs but for some strange reason they had to call a "manager" before they could tell us if we could order them...ok, no prob. Let's just do the regular dogs, ok?  "Ok....wait is it ok if I microwave one, because we only have 1 cooked now?!" LOL... Ok, sure, I said (I was hungry, and we just wanted to watch the movie) so we got that and 2 drinks and luke warm cheese sauce. I was looking for mustard, relish etc. Finally I found the cart of packets..lol. No straws anywhere....had to ask them for 2 and finally just grabbed 2 from a stack because they were not paying attention. Off to the movies =) we get to our theater and go inside....WOW - This is a small (no tiny) theater! I mean like 10 rows on top (if that) and 5 below. It was packed too. We got a decent spot to sit in, but the seats were horrible. My back was killing me the whole movie and then some. The movie was great but if it had not been for my company and the movie being as good as it was (I am a fan of the game and this movie was killer imo) I would not have been able to deal with the experience. 3 stars is the most I can muster up folks.P.S. The walk through of the casino was nice, the only downside for me, was all the damn smoke. LOL. And getting a cab was rather quick.
4	BEWARE of the hidden amenity fee. At first look, the rooms seem so cheap, but then also add onto that price an addiitonal $16 for an amenity fee that they automatically charge you even if you don't want to use their internet. That's the only reason why Sunset Station gets 4 stars. Other than that, the rooms are very clean, new looking, and nice. The casino tables have low minimums which is nice.Also, the hotel is huge! It has a movie theater, starbucks, and tons of restaurants. I would definitely recommend this place if you want a quieter place to stay away from the strip
4	I go here to Cash my paychecks and with most Station Casinos the Cashiers are friendly. The Valet's were friendly though over worked because they needed more of them. Having not been to the buffet in a while. It was good and they redone it. I recommend it to people. They have Gelato which i didnt try but the desserts were good. Bread Pudding was awesome.
5	Let me begin by stating that the Sunset Station is my home away from home...literally. I once spent 3 weeks in a row here while on an extended business trip. With that said, the Sunset Station has plenty to offer and kept me entertained , even while couped up in the same hotel for almost a month. The rooms are nice and big, though a little dated (The hotel hallways feel a little like the lodge in the movie "The Shining" to me. I fully expected to see those creepy twins pop out at any time). The price for rooms is very reasonable, especially during the week. Do be aware of the "Hotel Amenity Fee," which is automatically added to the room price. It is usually in the neighborhood of $15 per night and will give you access to the hotel Wi-Fi in your room among other things. The casino is great in my opinion. It has one of those fake sky ceilings, which gives the whole place a more airy feel. The look of the place is modeled after a Spanish/Barcelona setting. The best part is the Gaudi Bar in the middle of the casino, where all the table games are located. Modeled after the architecture of its namesake, it creates a very pleasing environment to lose money.  The dealers are very friendly.The Sunset Station is more than a casino, with several restaurants, a movie theater, bowling alley, and even a huge play area to drop the kids off at while you go gamble away their college funds.I recommend this place to all my friends and family when visiting the Las Vegas/Henderson area.
1	This is a review of Coco's in the Sunset:..OMG just stay away. First you have to walk thru a smoke infested casino.  This is just a dated casino coffee shop, re-branded under the Coco's names. It's not been updated or cleaned since the casino was opened. Coco's menu nice with lots of selections, nothing complex as far as offerings. Service here it gets really good! Basically a non-inolved staff, just putting in time with an attitude. Clearly our waitress didn't want to be at work. Kept breezing by saying our order is due up any minute....Finally arrives 45 minutes after taking our order. Stated it just came up on the serving table. Order was cold, slab of curled swiss cheese on my omlet, cold toast. We just got up and left. Before we left asked to speak to manager...Ha...explained situtation to another wait staff member...she blantly stated they couldn't do anything thats just the way it is...Don't waste 1 hour of your life..lots of other choices in the area....give Marie Callendars a try, right down the street.
4	This was probably the first thoughtful Stations casino designed with an artful eye- showcasing elements not usually found in your typical casino.Beautiful spanish/mediterranean tile- I love this the most about this casino. The colors are gorgeous. The restaurants: Hooters- ate here once, the shrimp is delish, Oyster Bar- very good- ate here many many times, the Buffet- just ok for me, Ben & Jerry's- yummy combinations, Fatburger (my favorite fast food burger place). The amenities: Amphitheater- saw an all-star Jazz concert featuring Dav Koz and friends; general admission- had a great time here with my co-workers/friends, Cinemas- watched many movies here, the Lounge- small but fun- saw the Spazmatics here. It's a very good casino in the Henderson area with lots to offer.
4	I think this is about 15-20 minutes from Las Vegas strip or airport. I stayed here for a business trip. I got a super sweet upgrade to a suite...way more than I expected. The room was pretty cheap too, but beware of amenity fee. ALso has a hooters, movie theater and bar in hotel. Had fun and I will remember this place when I come back for fun not work.
4	CASINO: This casino is about 3-4 mintues from my house so as you can imagine this is the casino we frequent most often. They have beautiful artwork here (same guy that does the glass @ the Bellagio does it here but you cant take pics of it b/c they think ur cheating somehow? There goes a star!ENTERTAINMENT: This is a pretty big place and it has within it a daycare, movie theatre, bowling alley, and Club Madrid that never has a cover charge and has weekly night live bands. I saw Nawgahyde here which was awesome (almost as good as the 80s tribute bands @ Fortune Casino on Racetrack)RESTAURANTS: hooters: u already know themGuadalajara Bar & Grill: the best mex. restaurant you've probably never been to. I'd been to Sunset about 50x before I ate here and boy was I wow'd. See my review for them separately under the rest. name. I went here to celebrate my 1st A in Anatomy & Physiology. TIP: order the Cadillac Marg. its worth it for the extra $3. Dont go for quantity go for quality. and be sure to try all the salsas available.viva salsa: my bf liked it. fast food type- order @ the window & eat in the courtyardOyster Bar: had a great caesar salad here but dont get shrimp - its that nasty $4.00 big bag of the tinest pink shrimp uve ever seen. nasty. better to get the chowder.Italian place & wine cellar place - never had it either oneCOCO'S: Great breakfast. WAAAAY BETTER THAN IHOP & DENNY'S COMBINED.  i liked it better than omlet house b/c it has a healthy fare section w/ dishes under 500 calories!Subway: brand new - they closed the quiznos for this - smart move!Panda Express: standard fareFatburger: it was good the 1st time I had it but 2nd time just too greasy for my tasteSbarro: standard fare - just not my dealThe Feast: This is where I spent my Thanksgiving in line for a . long. time. Didnt have a watch but it was worth it once we got in. The 2 of us ate thanksgiving w/ no left overs to tempt me - and it was delicious. they even had menudo! Desserts werent great i'll admit- only the pumpkin pie was worth more than 1 bite. This place was almost as good as the Orleans... almost. I'd defintely go back provided I went jogging earlier that day. for a few hrs!
4	Im a fan of sunset station :) I have to admit I was a little sketchy on staying here for the first time.But the rooms are pretty big :) I like that the sink area and the shower/toilet is seperated. The beds are nice as well :)The negatives, the shower is not to my liking. I can see that they are using the shower heads that save on water usage, but it's set to low in the wall. I have a hard time trying to take a good shower :( Also the toilet sounds like its going to suck you in when you flush haha :)Another negative I saw was the lighting in the room. When I first walked in I turned on the light switchs next to the door, and it only lit the bathroom area. And it was very dark in the bedroom side. Had to scrounge to find the lights for the bed area. 2 switches next to the bed, a lamp in between, and a lamp on the corner by the window. I think the lamp by the window should be connected to the light switch by the door. Or atleast have another light switch by the entrance into te bedroom to turn on some lighting.Other the that it was great :) great facilitys like the bowling alley, the buffet, and the oyster bar just is the icing on the cake :)Looking forward to staying here again in the near future :)
3	It's close to home, it has food, gaming and movies. Yeah, we go here to rock our socks from time to time. Its nothing special when it comes to Las Vegas Casinos. Nothing fancy or shiny. Its like an old car, still works, still gets the job done without all the bells and whistles. They have a lot to do and plenty of places to eat. We often stop for icecream or a Fat burger. We usually always go to the movies at their regal cinemas as well. Sunset Station to me is like the weird friend you had in high school that you wish no one knew you hung out with from time to time...especially since you enjoy your time together. Yeah, thats how I feel about Sunset Station. Hahaha
3	great for games
4	me and a bunch of friends met there for Sunday brunch. we have the boarding pass cards so it was discounted. i believe it came to like 10 bucks. the place was spot on clean. the waiter was right on with more Mimosa's. the food was great. and we spent maybe 15 min in line. maybe. i would highly recommend this to anyone. the other thing i love is that it is only a 10 min drive from my place. i have gone to the theaters there and a few of the other restaurants. i am still impressed with the stained glass above the table games.
3	Every once in a while I'll meet my Henderson friends here for a drink or three.  We enjoy meeting here because it's a fun place to meetup.  We'll head to one of the bars and have a Beer and for the gamblers in the group, they enjoy the huge selection of Video Poker machines offered.Since I don't gamble, I stick around the bar area and people watch....good times.The casino is always kept clean and the employees are mostly friendly.  The only thing I don't like is parking....I prefer the parking garage in the back of the property rather than the surface lot, which seems to be a magnet for road ragers.Return Factor - 40%.....only because I live on the other side of town.
3	The hotel room itself was excellent, large, roomy and clean.  The meals at the buffet was average but the coffee shop meals were of good value and large portions.  The hotel front desk was of no help, even though my reservations had the room and breakfast included.  They would not honor the breakfast and stated that it was my problem to solve with Hotwire whom I made the reservations with.  Even when they printed out my reservations at the front desk, it stated with meals.  This I thought was a little under handed by the hotel to accept the reservations and then to spring it on you when you check in is a bit unethical, in my opinion.  To rub salt in the wound, they charged me resort fee of about $17.00 per night and didn't get anything for it because I didn't hang around the hotel too much.  Still manage to have a good time here because we were determined not to let anything get in our way of having a good time.
5	This is a great place for locals. Tourist may not enjoy it as much. It is a good place to gamble. I usually either win or break even, but I don't go crazy gambling either. Everyone is nice from the waitresses to the table dealers.
4	Great place to stay. This was the best lodging I have had since traveling to Las Vegas for business. Large rooms that are more like a suite than a hotel room. There was no smell of smoke in the room or casino. The only complaint would be the wind whistle from the window that sounded like a haunted house sound track.
4	The Cafe in Sunset is easily the best of the Henderson area. The shrimp cocktail inside is a must. The Mexican restaurant is great as well with the massive salsa bar. I've never had any problems with the casino.
3	This is my old stomping ground...The bowling Alley is amazing, I think it's 72 lanes...the buffet was renovated and looks better, the food is like any other buffet.  The movie theater is a convenient place to go, they have iMax but not TRUE iMax. The table games are nicely placed in the center of the casino and have nice local limits. The dealers are real nice and friendly.  Kids Quest helps parents babysit their kids if they want to gamble.
3	The buffet at this casino is pretty damn good! As for the slot machines and poker machines, they are so tight I think they squeak when I walk by! My aunt and uncle are Million Point members and have way too many points that they can ever think of using so we always end up eating here when visiting the family in town. The food is always hot and in constant rotation. I have yet to meet a dry piece of chicken. Their salad bar is really fresh and clean. I like the dessert bar the best as it has Caramel Creme Ice Cream. The hubby got a scoop and I almost had to knock him out to get another bite. It was that good! I really like that they have an "international" flair to theif buffet because then it doesn't get boring.I am sure that I wil be back for a buffet next time I am in town as my aunt and uncle will not eat anywhere else.
5	Great gambling and great affordable restaurants and friendly staff and gorgeous cocktail servers. Buffet is great !!!
4	Enjoyed my stat in the hotel. Pool was nice, casino staff was nice and fun. Buffet was pretty good and the two free drinks at the main bar were a perk. The amenity fee is absurd and that's why it only gets four stars.
4	Review is for the casino/sportsbook only:This place is quite nice.  On the inside it reminds me of the Paris with the "sky" designed ceilings.  The video poker here is pretty decent (comps are lame just like most Stations Casinos) and for me.....the Sportsbook is the draw.Unfortunately, with as much as I like about it.....the distance from anything stinks.  It's a nice drive from Green Valley Ranch, LV Blvd, Downtown and 10+ minutes from Boulder Highway (Sam's Town, Boulder Station, Eastside Cannery).  What makes up for it, is that it is quiet and cosy.  The Sportsbook is one of my favorites now due to the comfortable leather seats (better than some sportsbooks on the strip/near strip) and the posted odds aren't half bad.  They have better lines than MGM Resorts sportsbooks do.If you're a local this is a place for you, if you're driving by as a tourist.....stop in for a few minutes.  It isn't as nice as Red Rock Spa & Casino or Green Valley Ranch, but it's still on the decent "tier" of Stations  Casinos.
4	On one of our trips between Phoenix and Reno we stayed here. It would not have been the usual stop for us but we had business with in one block and figured why not.We were very pleased with the hotel and casino. Reception was polite and had a room ready when we arrivedThe room it self was a decent size and decor. All areas were clean and comfortable.I am one of those who dislike being presented with a resort fee. Everyone is doing it, but I still find it unacceptable. I use nothing that would fall under this fee as stated, so we are paying for what? But we got this room so unbelievably cheap It really did not matter.
2	This casino is a bit ways from where my brother and sister live. So we only went to this casino once only because we went to the mall down the street and came here just so we can wait till traffic dies down. Anyways this casino is a bit small and had the feeling of an old casino not much of the hotel/casinos on the strip. I played a little bit of paigow here but didn't feel a bit comfortable playing their one bit. I wasn't too sure what it was but it just kept me from rating this well.This casino did have a Kids Quest, but my son said it was small and boring compared to all the others he's been too. So I guess this isn't the place to take your kids if you had a choice.
2	I received a deal to stay at this location and was very anxious for 10 great days in Vegas. We had three issues. 1. They put us in a room and made use move a day later because they had scheduled maintenance for the 21st floor. They had to paint all the doors. So we had to pack all our belongings and move 4 floors down. We were not told about this on check-in.  We got a message on our phone on the second day.2. They have WiFi, but you can't access it in the common area's unless you're at the hotel for a conventions. I work and it would be.great to access the Internet anywhere in the hotel. I don't mind paying extra, but it isn't an option. I turned off WiFi on my phone and computer and used my phone as a mobile hot spot. 3. They close the cafe every Sunday from 8PM to 11PM at which time they move the menu to another location in the hotel. Why don't they move the menu first, then close the cafe for 3 hours? Overall, the employee's are very friendly, but management sucks!  I tried to contact management at least 3 or 4 times and they weren't available, so thats why I'm warning everyone on Yelp.
4	I happen to like the Lomi Lomi that is offered at their buffet. The Lomi Lomi is prepared using fresh salmon marinated in authentic Samoan style.  Someone actually pays attention to authenticity!The locals know the machines and which ones pay off.  They literally own the seats in front of those machines.  Table games are the only game here.I did find one video Jacks or Better that pays 9/6 which is rare in Henderson or in Las VegasRooms and accommodation. Don't look for anything great unless you pay for the suites.  Over all, this is a budget hotel casino.
4	I couldn't deceide wheter to give this hotel a 3 or 4 star.  Let's say it's a 3,5 star.We come here for a couple of years now and there are a few reasons why we keep coming back:1.  We hate the strip.  We love the greater area of Las Vegas, but just avoid the touristy, fake, want to take all your money strip as much as possible (there are some places to eat we love though).  Sunset Station is far far away from all that sh....2. We started to hate downtown hotels to.  Years ago, Fremont street was a good alternative to stay.  It wasn't as busy, especially during weekdays.  Hotels were cheaper, well just a good value.  If you know where to go, you can find good eats there.  And when gambling you don't spend as much as you would on the strip.3. Even though you might think it's rather remote, it really isn't.  It's minutes away from the airport and car rental terminal.  Using the highway you're pretty quickly downtown.  It's close to the outlet mall (formerly known as Belz).  Galleria is accross the street.  Not to far from downtown Henderson, where the absloute cool bar 'Gold Mine Tavern' is located.  I think you get the point here...4. Plenty of activities under one roof: there's bowling, movie theatre, Hooters (is that an activity?), of course gambling (still 1c video poker), a pool...5. It's a bit more expensive then Downtown hotel rooms, but a lot cheaper then a room on the strip.6. Plenty of places to eat in the surrounding area.Now for the downsides:1. You need a car.  I know most people will have a car, but I do now that there are Europeans who come to Vegas the first time will not rent a car and getting around in cabs.  It's simple: if you don't have a car, don't stay here or you will spend a fortune on cabs or spending your entire vacation in this hotel.2. We come here for several years now (twece a year) and the hotel is showing some 'age issues'.  It's still OK, but they should consider renovation anytime soon.3. Don't forget there's a RESORT FEE of 14,95$ a night no matter how you book your room!!!  Every website mensions it, but it's easy to miss.As you can see, we have more reasons to come here then to book some place else.  Wheter you want to book a room here or not depends on what you expect from a stay in vegas and what you expect from a hotel room.
5	There is something about coming to this Station Casino that I love. It could be because it's just walking distance from me. It could be because every single time I go there I always have a fantastic time. It could be because I love the Station Casino commercials. All I know is, whenever my visiting friends and family come here they always enjoy this place more than going to "strip" casinos.
2	A decent hotel at a reasonable price.  The pool is set up for kids (not very deep with a very shallow, wading pool end).  The only problem we had was smoke odor.  It was coming into the bathroom from the vent.  My brother had to switch rooms at first because the odor was so strong.
3	This is a "We Love Locals" casino, and what they really love is very old locals, not that there is anything wrong with that, if you're really old or enjoy the company of the really old.  I'm pretty old, so I'm comfortable with that.  The casino is deceptively large.  I was with my wife, and when we gamble together we play slots.  Most of the slots here are the kind that cost a lot of pennies and have about twenty-five odd characters on the screen.  Also,  there's a huge percentage of video poker machines.  We enjoy the games that have the diamonds and standard slot icons, oh, and also butterflies.  There were very few games that we played there, but we beat them pretty hard and didn't win.  Poker room looked nice, but I didn't go.  Best part of the casino was the cocktail service - adequately staffed with hard-working friendly waitresses who kept them coming.  The hotel was okay.  Front desk staff was outstanding, friendly, and competent.  We had a comp room and upgraded it online to a deluxe room.  It looked nice but instead of a king bed we had what I assumed was two queens.  It wasn't until I fell into bed with my wife that I realized they were double beds.  So for an extra $20 a night, I got a half a bed.  (Not complaining, Honey)  Other important room amenities passed the test. There were two vanity areas in the bathroom, on opposite sides of the room, so you can stare at your roommate's back side through the mirror while you're brushing your teeth.  Shower head and water pressure were good (important to me).  Toilet had a hydraulic power-flush (TMI?).  Restaurants.  We had two breakfasts at the buffet.  Buffet is incredibly inexpensive and certainly a daily stop for many locals.  Breakfast was very adequate and comparable to more expensive alternatives.  We had one dinner at the Italian restaurant, and I thought it was great.  The waiter was cool, knowledgable about his wines and the menu.  Food and wine were excellent and relatively inexpensive.  I would eat there again, but I probably won't stay there again soon, so I guess I won't eat there again.  The pool.  This was kind of weird.  They have a huge pool with a very intricate design, like a big fish.  Couple of negatives here, however.  The pool isn't heated, and there is no jacuzzi/whirlpool.  Bummer. They have a bar set up in a palapa, and the drinks were inexpensive and the bartender was very customer friendly.  Overall, the Sunset Station is pretty good.  It's not really a fun place, but it is an inexpensive place to eat, drink, and sleep.  I may give it another go in about, say, ten years.
2	I'm rating this a three star for my overall experience with this casino in general. The first time I've ever been here was just for the buffet. The BF said he's come here since a child with his family and they had the "best" buffet. EH, yea, I'm sure it was back in the days!! It was mediocre. The reason why I'm giving it a three star instead of a one or two is because they had these two amazing ladies who helped us sign up for their rewards program. They were so attentive yet not pushy like the other "younger" strip casino waitresses. Besides all of the above, I would not stay at this hotel again. I only stayed in Vegas for one night, it was cheap, but saving the extra $40 wasn't worth it. The bed was HARD, the room service and front desk people were not friendly whatsoever. I mean, what happened to those two ladies a year ago?! They also never explained what the room charges were. There were two different taxes, the $14.99 amenity charge which were DID NOT use - asked them if they could waive it because their WIFI didn't even work!! it was SLOWER THAN A SNAIL..... OH their shower head leaks and sprays water EVERYWHERE and if you didn't know what the hell to do, you're basically SOL (you had to turn the shower head left and right so stop the spraying. As for LADIES, beware, they have the worse lighting to do make up - it's a incandescent light which makes it yellow, but it was the worse one ever to where, you couldn't even tell if your foundation/powder blended well, so that was a total bummer to go out without knowing if my make up was ok or not. The only reason why we really take this 20 min drive out this way, is because we like the outside environment. It makes it feel like you're home because the grocery store, CVS, local restaurants are all down the same street. Beats spending a fortune for one meal. Although, I wish they had a microwave/fridge in their deluxe rooms. EH, like I mentioned before, this was a BUST. Will not stay here again..AND I change my mind, it's now a 2 instead of a 3. That's how sad I am about this place. Such a disappointment.
4	Yes I am still a fan.Sitting in my room right now and learned that if you care to have quiet DO NOT LET THEM GIVE YOU A ROOM WITH A CONNECTING DOOR,,,, EEEE GADS.
3	Its a vegas casino, there is really nothing special, it has a movie theater, some average casino food and an average vegas hotel.
2	Buffet only review.   Horrible food.  Really dreadful.  It gets 2 stars because the place was acceptably clean, and it was cheap.  The casino is similar to other Station casinos around town, but parking and way finding here is not quite as good as Fiesta or Texas Stations, which are similarly suburban locations.
5	I came here with my marching band like my school's MB does every year they go to Vegas and I loved it! The food at the buffet was excellent! Even the other fast food places downstairs were great! There's even a movie theater and an arcade, it was great when we didn't have anything to do. The rooms are nice for the pricing! Would rather stay here than anywhere in Vegas (on my budget haha)And the parking lot was huge and empty! We made a fake football field out there and rehearsed out field show.  I really liked staying here and I'm coming back with my family!
2	i tell my staff you can't be number one if you treat your customers like number two. (that is number two as in poop). well sunset station definitively treated a bunch of us like number two last week.i am very disappointed to make this update to my previous review but the events of last weekend and this week have prompted me. my daughter was married last weekend and we decided to have everyone stay at sunset, even mom and i spent four nights there (so we would be close to friends and family and didn't have to do extra driving.) we booked about 12 rooms and for that they upgraded my daughter and husband to a suite...well actually a jr suite which is really a regular room with a couch instead of a desk.  edc was going on and the hotel was sold out so for the rooms we rented and everything else we did at their property they gave us $2 off per room and a $35 upgrade to my daughter, big deal. their motto everywhere is "we love locals." are you like me, can you just feel the love here with the $2 discount? you know....seriously, i tipped the room cleaning staff more than that. you know i accepted that going in but i guess the the frustration came from the past five days getting the bills correct (was surprisingly hard to get the $2 that was promised) there were a few other issues on the bill but it was way more work than it should have been to get corrected. along the way i even got a "sorry that's not my job" email from one of the staff. okay from the beginning i felt that $2 off per room and a $35 upgrade to a jr suite (not a real suite) for my daughter was a little cheap of them when we were renting a dozen rooms and staying on property. maybe i am wrong but i don't think the edc crowd does a lot of gaming, i know our group did, as well as eat and drink on property. (i think the bill at hooters alone was between $500 and $1000) the treatment i received was certainly not indicative of an organization that really does love locals. ever feel like a chump for recommending someone or something then they treat you like crap? yeah, well that is me right now.i will say that when i escalated the bill issue to the gm it did get handled immediately and for my inconvenience they offered my daughter a two night stay with free buffets....yeah right..NOT, my time working through their errors and screw ups is worth nothing to them. they love locals....bull crap. that is just someones brain child in marketing that looks good on all the signs and makes everyone feel good while they take your money. I am really ticked off about this for a couple reasons, first is well obvious...they tried to screw us over and made us feel like more of a hassle than a valued guest. but the main reason i am ticked off is that i really like this property. it is nice open clean, modern and fun. it is sometimes tough to find a "good" blackjack table but i have met with a fair amount of success. their buffet is a great deal with surprisingly good food. they have ben&jerrys, hooters, fat burger, bowling, lots of stuff. we have in the past recommended them to friends and family who come to town looking for something accessible to the strip but quieter. it is an easy trip from sunset to the strip via freeways. i am not sure if i will continue to recommend them. i dropped my rating from four to two just because of the treatment we received.previous review: Nice place off the strip....way off the strip. Nice rooms, go for a suite if you can. Lots of stuff to do if you don't want to gamble, they have a bowling alley and theater. (even an imax but not sure if it is a real imax.) Short walk across the street to shopping. And for the adventurous, a long walk down the street to Costco. They have a nice food court area plus Fat Burger, Ben & Jerrys and Hooters.Have had good luck at blackjack here but i think you need to start a fire to get cocktail service. But when you are winning it is not so bad when you have to wonder over to a bar and purchase a brew.
3	This is an average Las Vegas locals casino in the Southeast part of the city. It's one of Station Casinos "mid-tier" properties, with more upscale decor than the Henderson Fiesta location, but it's not as nice as Green Valley Ranch. This is a good thing if you want a slightly upscale experience yet don't want to pay out the nose for it. Many of the restaurants, the buffet and amenities are reviewed individually on Yelp so I'll skip over them with this review. If I don't want to drive to Fremont Street but want to play some slots, this is a comfortable place to go. Service is attentive, they have a wide variety of slots including some new stuff I saw at the Global Gaming Expo that they rolled out fast. I haven't played table games here so I can't touch on them. Overall, it's just a good place to go in and chill out for an hour playing slots and having fun.
1	Regarding THE BUFFET, I was impressed with it when I was there in November, therefore I made it a point to return. Boy, do I regret it. It was totally disappointing. The staff was not friendly, they actually had attitude...the food was horrible, and the presentation was horrible. It was sloppy and dirty. I spoke to a manager and complained about the guy at the carving station. When he finally decided to return to his station (from the back) he didnt utter a word and helped the lady behind me, when I was first in line. All of their attitudes suck, and they act as if they hate their jobs. NEWS FLASH: TO ALL BUFFET EMPLOYEES WORKING THE LINE...If customers like us dont frequent the buffet, you wouldnt have a job!!  something to think about! The only nice person I came across was Ray behind the dessert bar, he was friendly, and actually enjoyed his job. Ray you can do better than that, find another hotel/casino that will appreciate you!
4	I'm pretty easygoing about hotels & hotel charges. I read the fine print. Yes, their rates are awesome & yes there was a 'resort' fee, still pretty decent pricing.Our stay here was pretty awesome. If you didn't want to leave the casino, you didn't have to. It was CLEAN (big points for that!) and the casino didn't smell that bad of smoke. Hungry? So many restaurants to try. Most notably the Oyster Bar where I had the best cioppino of my life. Thirsty? Margarita specials in the middle bar for $2. I jumped on that.Back to the room itself, it was a king sized comfy bed, pretty spacious and had a view of the desertous mountains. It was clean and I have no complaints at all about the room itself.One of the main things for staying in Henderson was to be close to the Hoover Dam and all the shopping. I'd come back here in a heartbeat!
4	Cool Spot for gambling and family night out. Bowling, Movies etc
3	The casino is pretty small and in some places really smokey.  The air system doesn't seem to push the smoke very well.  There were some places that was hot and other areas where you would freeze your a$$ off.  The dealers on the tablle I didn't like very much.  They saw that I was a platinum boarding pass holder but asked me where I play.  I usually go to Green Valley Ranch and they kept making comments of me finally getting smart and playing at Sunset.  Not very professional when it's a sister property.  Joking I get it but to say it over and over again for the 20 mins I decided to stay at the table was very irritating.  I finally took my money and left.  I don't plan on doing any gaming here in the future and will come back for bowling only.  The amenities the hotel provides is a plus however.  They have a kids area where you can drop off for a few hours, movies, bowling, etc.  That's the only reason I gave this hotel the 3rd star.
3	My guy and I stayed here last Thursday night on our way to the Laughlin River Run.  I was impressed with how clean and fresh smelling it was.  Our room was very nice.  It looked as if it had been recently decorated.  Beautiful tile on the bathroom floors etc.  We had a great meal at the Oyster Bar (already reviewed on Sunday).My only issue was with the price we paid.  I booked on line.  It said the rooms were $38.  By the time I paid, it was $50.03.  I was expecting this as I am familiar with hotel room tax fees etc.  And our room was certainly worth fifty bucks.  The problem for me arose when we checked in.  I am not familiar with resort fees as I don't normally stay at hotels here in Vegas as I live here.  We were told we had to pay a $15 (plus tax) amenity fee.  Seems to me we should have been told about this fee when we booked our room.  Now I'm not saying the room wasn't worth $65.  It was.  I just felt bilked.  The amenity fee covered local and long distance phone calls (I have my cell phone with me, thank you very much) and in room internet (didn't bring my lap top) and children under 10 can go bowling for $1 (didn't have any kids with me, they won't fit on our Harley) and VIP passes to the Feast Buffet (sorry, I ate at the Oyster Bar) and unlimited use of the fitness center (now I might have brought work out clothes IF I HAD BEEN INFORMED OF THIS IN ADVANCE) and a copy of the Review Journal as long as it wasn't Sunday.  The only thing I used of the mandatory amenity package was the newspaper.  I actually get home delivery of the paper so I knew one would be waiting for me at home but I figured I should at least get something for my $15 plus tax!  But a $15 newspaper?  That's a little steep.
3	GREAT PRICE, BUT SMOKE FROM OTHER ROOMS WAS COMING INTO OUR NON-SMOKING ROOM.SMOKE IN OUR ROOM:The room, the hotel, and the amenities were all very very nice but a huge problem was that even though we requested and got a non smoking room, there were times (most of the time) that we could definitely smell smoke in our room due to it coming through the ventilation. I really don't mind smelling some smoke once in awhile in public places where it is appropriate, like outdoors where it is mixed with a little fresh air, but the air was smokey so much of the time that we were still smelling smoke even when we were not inside the hotel or even near smoke. This was a major thumbs down since this hotel is also a casino and everywhere else in the hotel was constantly filled with smoke, so our room was really the only place we could get away from the smoke while we were inside the hotel- yet it really wasn't._______________________________________RESTAURANTS / FOOD:Also, even though some of the places to eat in the hotel were non-smoking, they shared the same space as the casino and were also constantly filled with smoke - like I said, don't mind smelling some smoke outside, but these restaurants had no outside seating, which made it very difficult to enjoy the food. At the buffet some of the food was good, however some of it was just downright awful - and I am not at all picky. Unfortunately the bad tasting food stays in mind more than the food that was good._______________________________________IN GENERAL:Great amenities; really fun huge bowling alley, nice outside pool, lots of restaurant choices, movie theater in hotel, and literally right across the street from shopping mall. The price of the room was exceptional and the service was also excellent, except they didn't offer to do anything or compensate us in any way for the smoke being in our non smoking room - Is this the price you have to pay for getting an inexpensive room? It shouldn't be. We actually decided to come home a day early because we were tired of smelling smoke all the time.__________________________________________________________________________________________MY RATINGS ON TRAVELOCITY:Value for Money: I would have marked 5 out of 5 except that I don't think getting a good deal on the room is an excuse for having to tolerate smoke in a non-smoking room.Staff & Service: were excellent overall and I would have marked 5 out of 5 if they would have offered to do something to compensate for the smoke in our room as well as if the food at the buffet had tasted better.Room Quality: The room was very nice for a 3 star hotel, in fact nicer than expected - more like a 4 star hotel room. If it weren't for the smoke in our room, I would have marked 4 out of 5.Cleanliness: Also would have marked 5 out of 5 if we didn't have to deal with the smoke in our room and the buffet. Because cleanliness also refers to air cleanliness - other than that, the hotel was spotless the whole time we were there.PROS: Wi-Fi, friendly staff, great amenities, close restaurants, exceptional rate, pet friendly.CONS: smoke in our non-smoking room, smoke in the buffet, and there is a resort fee/amenities fee that is charged per night.
2	Stayed here for Punk Rock Bowling a few years back and, as nice as it was to have everything in one location, I'm really glad that the PRB location was never Sunset Station again.Startings when we were checking in, the staff was kind of rude. We had booked 4 rooms with two double beds and two of those rooms ended up just having one King in it... for four people. When we expressed confusion as to why we weren't getting what we had reserved, the woman checking us in was very brusque and uninterested in resolving our issues. We also had security staring down every punk walking towards the poker tournament that first night. I think a LOT of people complained because the disdain was much more subtle for the rest of the weekend.Next, the elevator situation. There were four elevators. Four. For the whole tower. They were located right inside the exit to the festival. They were broken. A lot. I don't really remember any other specifics but I know I didn't care for the place.
1	Sneaky "hotel amenity fee" of 14.95 which I actually think is a good deal, but it's only when you check-in that it's communicated in the room key folder.  Furthermore, asked three times regarding internet and was told it's free.  If you pay for something, it's not free.  So, was charged another 9.99  for additional device.  Questionable business practices, but then again, what would you expect from a casino.  Definitely not returning to sunset.  Texas station was my long time favorite, but if they play the same game, not taking my business to any station casinos.
4	i love it here. Came to get dinner, gamble, and watch a movieI will return
2	(My fiancee and I stayed here 3 1/2 weeks ago. I'm just going to be brief and go over the pros and cons of the place because it was nice, but not "great"; we'll probably stay here again if we can't find a better option-)Cons:1.The Weather: Be warned! Vegas is a *desert*: We went in May thinking it's be cool-ish and mild-ish: It wasn't!! It was very muggy (It rained) and very, very windy-felt like the inside of a hairdryer every time we went outside; the hot, high winds (Gusts up to 60+ mph) made "walking the strip" very unenjoyable. Our bad and we'll more than likely not go there between the months of May-August next time, but still; I hate being cramped up inside! :/2. Our Trip (Cut Short due to the Weather): 2 stars offMy fiancee and I were booked here for 4 days but ended up leaving a day early due to inclement weather. I know it's not fair of me to take a couple of stars off, but we had really been looking forward to relaxing poolside and getting a cabana each day, only to find the pool open only 1 day out of what would've been 4: Blah. :/3. The Weird WIFI and "Fine Print Resort Fee" Charges: 1 star offAdditionally, they have this Game that they play where they "say" you get "Free WIFI" in your Room but you're charged the fee for it and it's "taken" out of your Resort Fee at the end...something like a charge-back it was explained to us..Yeah, okay, sure sounds shady...BUT I want to clearly state that after looking over our statement after our Trip, we were charged-back the WIFI fees..but we had this nagging, in-the-background-uncomfortable, "will they charge it back or not" feeling, which put a small damper on our enjoyment. I also think that they should've been way, way more "upfront" about the Resort Fee vs. making it a "fine print" item that you kind've..discover upon checking in. :/Pros:1. The Oyster Bar: Pretty decent, I've had better, but not bad for Vegas.2. No nasty smoke smell3. Clean, quite rooms (Albeit slightly worn down)All in all, my fiancee adores this Casino and wants to stay here again. Me, not so much; there's plenty of other places to stay that I'd like to check out...
1	Sunset Station Amphitheatre Concerts.What a horrible experience.  I will never go there again.  Here is the scene. 103 degress at 8:00PM at a Kenny G Concert. Okay I know this venue is in the desert, but please. We paid top fees (about $100 per ticket) for presumably the best seats. They set up the lawn chairs so close that you could barely get your leg in the row. Everyone had to empty the row to get a seat. The chairs were zip tied togther so close that even the skinniest person had to sit sideways to sit.  The leg room was much less that the worst airline seat you have ever seen.   It was on the lawn and they didn't care that there were ants all over the place that were biting everyone. I would think that should have been sprayed before hand to get the ants out of there. No misting machines, no fans, cramp everyone with a good seat together like sardines in a can. Just to make the most money.  Shame on you Sunset Station.  You could not even bring a bottle of water in. Oh but you could buy 6 ozs of water for $2.00 inside. It was quite interesting that the cheap seats had plenty of leg room.  Duh. We could not even enjoy the concert and had to move to the back rows so we would not faint. We would not recommend the Sunset Amphitheatre. Avoid it all costs.  I just don't get it.  Why wasn't this inside?
3	Not the encore, but I like this place.  Plus I usually win, always a plus
1	We flew to Vegas on September 7 to attend the Gary Allan concert being held at Sunset Station.  I reserved a King Suite, spending approximately $675 for two nights using their prepay option which offers a discount.  Upon arrival I was asked if I had reserved a smoking room.  I had no idea that smoking rooms in hotels still existed and I told Ms. Irwin, the desk clerk, that I didn't want a smoking room.  Our "king suite" turned out to be Room 223, the hospitality suite located on the second floor near the meeting rooms.  For $675 we had a view of a wall on one side and the employee smoking area below the bedroom window.  While the room was spacious, the housekeeping was suspect.  Upon running a clean tissue over the floor I must have picked up hair and lint from the past year.  The employee smoking area below the window was somewhat noisy at night.  The casino being a 24-hour operation, there was always someone out there and I don't think they knew how well their voices carried. Upon checking out, I presented Ms. Irwin with the aforementioned tissue in a plastic bag and a list of things that just didn't seem right.  She said that I had stated I had wanted a nonsmoking king suite, implying it was my choice to take this second floor room.  I told her that I didn't think that room was often used for overnight guests, but received only minimal upkeep for hospitality functions.  She said that they could contact housekeeping and tell them they weren't cleaning well enough.  But she was clearly not going to do anything for me.  I think Ms. Irwin should have immediately contacted the manager.  I was somewhat frustrated and just walked out since there was a line of people behind me wanting to check out.  I somewhat expected a phone call within a couple of days of checking out, but I think "quick in / quick out" is the method of operation at many of these casinos.  Databases and frequent player cards have taken the place of customer service. Needless to say, this wasn't value for the money -- you can get a fairly nice room on the strip for $675 a weekend.  A clean room.  With a view.  Without a smoking area directly below your window.  But the Gary Allan concert was terrific and we learned an important lesson.
4	nice decent hotel, haven't stayed here but played the games, ate at the buffet and watched a movie here!!
5	Far from the crowds on the strip or downtown. This casino/resort caters to locals in a good way. The buffet is tops. I've stayed here several times while in LV. I love the look and feel of the casino floor, very chill and relaxed. The room are fabulous and well worth the rates, which BTW, are some of the best in the valley. My only downside with the rooms are there are no safes. But at the hotel desk they offer free safety deposit boxes. Problem solved.
5	I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this hotel - I stay here everytime I'm in Vegas. SUPER NICE rooms, SUPER CHEAP deals online. I don't gamble tho, so I can't speak to that - but for a GREAT deal on a place to stay THIS IS IT
5	This is a nice place to win some pocket change. Get some snacks and even get a cool room to stay over night. I love the slots! And the poker room :)
2	Can't complain, $4.99 for a breakfast buffet. I feel like I'm back in the 80's, yes I'm that old. I remember breakfast buffets that cheap. Food was mediocre, c'mon it's a buffet, what do you expect. I'm not a buffet person, but  for $5 why not. Good thing is that a mimosa was only $3, score
1	I do a lot of traveling for work and pleasure.  This hotel is the least customer service friendly place I have ever stayed in!  I will make sure that my company and friends find a better place to stay whenever visiting Vegas.  Please tell your employees they are not actually doing the guest any favors.  If guest stop coming here they (your employees) will be out of a job!  The front desk staff is especially horrible & that's your first experience!  Trust me it doesn't get any better.  There are other nicer, up to date inexpensive hotels to stay at in Vegas.  If you want a good experience DO NOT stay here!
3	My new favorite off the strip casino. Has it all, good food, bowling, movies...
4	I dont think 3.5 stars is very fair. This is a favorite local casino, and one star reviews seem to bewritten by disgruntled out of towners who dont understand how vegas works. Yes, we have smoking hotel rooms. This is not california.  You stay off-strip for cheap, so dont expect strip amenities. Still, service is always great, sonoma cellar and oyster bar are excellent dining experiences, theres a movie theater and bowling alley, i often win at least something at poker, and, most importantly, theres a KIDS QUEST thatll babysit the rugrats while the adults go get some time to themselves. Yes, ive stayed at the hotel. No, its not ceasars palace. But its not motel 6 either and Ive gotno complaints.
5	A good friend lives in Vegas and decided to take me here when I was visiting.  I was honestly a little annoyed that it was a 20-30 minute drive from my hotel but upon arrival I was happy she made me go!  As far as casino's go there's about a million and one of them in Nevada, right?  There really isn't anything that stands out about this one over others, except that it's not jam packed with people.  We ended up going 2 different times on my short trip.  The point system by using a member card seems to accumulate quickly, we both ate 2 meals there without paying a dime, all points! I didn't stay here so I don't know what the rooms are like.  If it wasn't so far from the happenings of Fremont or the strip I would check it out though. I can see why the locals would like this place, we spent several hours here and I'd do it again!
4	I've always been a fan of Station Casinos. The Sunset Station is is spacious, clean, and has a nice Sports Book.  I didn't drop a single dime here, but based on what I witnessed I recommend if you're in the area.  Parking is also abundant.  Reason I give this place 4 stars is because this is exactly the type of casino that my parents love to play at.  My parents swear that they win at Station Casinos or local type casinos.  When they're happy, then I'm happy.  When they visit, I will probably take them here.  Also located across the street from Yummy Sushi and in the same parking side as Thelma's.  Can't miss with those two restaurants nearby.
2	Terrible I will never ever stay here again there is no way to keep my baby milk cold nor warm it up and the people working here could care less about it had to switch rooms because there was cigarets ash on the floor the switched up to the wrong room and was to tired to switch to a third room so spent the whole time here uncomfortable there was also porn on the floor ughTerrible I will never ever stay here again there is no way to keep my baby milk cold nor warm it up and the people working here could care less about it had to switch rooms because there was cigarets ash on the floor the switched up to the wrong room and was to tired to switch to a third room so spent the whole time here uncomfortable there was also porn on the floor ugh
2	One would think that there are only casinos on the Las Vegas Strip or Old Downtown Las Vegas. Guess again!!!!There are several casinos outside these areas, but they aren't as "spectacular" in the typical "LV scene" as one might think. So all in all - not much to expect from here other than the gambling.What has gotten worse about the casino is that it has gotten a bit "cheese-y" with the decor. It has no theme. In addition, the ventilation has gotten worse and you know how you walk into a Korean BBQ and smell like that after you've eaten there? Well once you walk through this casino for a good 5-10 minutes, your clothes will possibly smell like you've smoked a pack. Just sayin'.....................**CONFESSION**I'm not much of a gambler. I'm even scared of loosing $1 on a slot machine! I always feel that if I'm going to spend $, I should benefit in some type of rewards wether it is in a form of retail therapy or indulging in meals. So I cannot attest to the casino level of Sunset Station nor the Hotel since I didn't stay here either. But I would imagine it would be a lot cheaper since you're not staying on the strip. You'd just pay for the commute. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~So why am I writing a review about this place if I didn't spend the night here nor contribute any losses on the slot machines?It's because if I'm in the area (Henderson) and visiting my grandmother, we would watch movies at their Regal Theaters. I can remember watching movies here since I was in elementary school. Yes the place is a bit dim, carpet sucks, bathroom needs an upgrade, but for some things that they have improved upon are the seats in the theaters and the screens. Overall, you won't get the razzle-dazzle-ness from the typical casino, but you can watch a movie here in peace and serenity. Just be cautious you'll smell like cigarettes after you've watched a movie........
3	Went here for bowling.  I thought they had plenty of lanes, the service was good and they accomodated a pretty large group of 20 people fairly easily.  We ordered pizza and drinks which was of average quality but about what I would expect from a bowling alley.  It's not as nice as some newer lanes in the Vegas valley but it's convenient and usually not as packed as some of the other lanes.
1	1st time staying at Sunset Station despite visiting it many times over the years - family in the area. OK room but noisy adjacent room plumbing kept us awake all night -bit like staying in a cheap motel.Beware the Resort Amenity Fee aka hidden taxDoesnt matter if you use any "amenities" or not - the "fee "( $17 per day! ) is always added making a marginal value very much less so.Station Casinos must be feeling the pinch as their other more upscale properties (Green Valley Ranch and Red Rock ) have also instituted tricky "fees" , reduced service and lower payouts.We "Love Locals" too - we dont love being ripped off so this was definitely a first time last time stay.
5	This was my first time here.  We chose it because it was the cheapest reputable hotel on a last minute trip. WOW!  this was perfect.  Clean and large enough for the family.  We have kids so we can be kind of picky.  We will for sure be back.Even though this place is off the strip, it was nice because it is close to everything you need.  We found little ceasers, walmart, target and filled up gas at the costco. all within just a mile or two.My family felt safe with the security guards at the hotel elevators. I would highly recommend Sunset Station to anyone.
2	So not impressed!  Had to stay here because everywhere else in town was booked for the CES and the Miss America Pageant.  Big disappointment.....small rooms, casino was way smokier than most.  There were no deals at any of the cocktail lounges.  In fact, it was a sport just trying to get the attention of one of the so-called bartenders.  No personality at all.   Not one of them!  I did like the fact that you had to insert your room key into the elevator to get to your floor, because the place was crawling with vagrants, and I made sure there was nobody getting on the elevator with me.  Not in that bad of an area, but I still didn't feel all that safe.  The one and only saving grace was the Pasta Cucina restaurant.  Awesome food, service a little slow, but worth the wait.  And reasonable.
3	I haven't been to Sunset Station in years.  I went to a concert there last night and I took the opportunity to walk around and see what it  looked like again.The aisles are wide, navigating the place is easy, and it's not nearly as large as I remembered it to be.  Bathrooms are convenient to the Club Madrid area as were bars--although outside drinks weren't allowed in the club. Tip for Yelpers:  I parked in the back near the bowling alley entrance and I found places close to the door.  It was an area that made leaving the property after the concert and easy and quick one.  In no time I was back on Stephanie and then on the 215 heading for Summerlin.
1	Found a clump of long black hair on the bathroom floor, then found a black pubic hair in bed along with a blood stain that was not fully washed out of the sheet.I called to let the staff know about the problem at 2 pm and it was not fixed. After waiting an hour we finally just walked down to the front desk to let them know what was going on.Then after being promised it would get fixed it wasn't. I had to physically take the sheet to the front desk at 11 pm, and at that time I was called a liar and told that I only wanted comped and I could have gotten that sheet anywhere.I only wanted the bed fixed.Finally someone showed up with a clean sheet and I made the bed myself.Also, the property itself was dirty, toilet seats in casino bathrooms were rotting and staff unfriendly. Won't be returning or recommending.
4	I totally love Station Casinos!  Bowling alley, movie theater, and gambling all in one place.  What a concept! Sunset Station is in a great location surrounded by a ton of shopping so sometimes we find ourselves just stopping in.  We came by with my folks who were visiting and my mother, who will only gamble on ONE type of slot machine lol, stopped an employee to asked if they had any of this machine.  She went out of her way to walk my mother to the other side of the casino to the slot machine she was looking for.  Knowing that I was a local (my mother told her) she asked if she could sign my parents up for their own Boarding Passes so that I could get credit for it under mine. She took each of their ID's, walked away for less than 5 minutes, and came back with their cards.  That was really nice and I got extra points for them signing up... The casino (and bathrooms) always seem clean, albeit a little smokey, so I knocked a star off for that.  But otherwise I really like visiting this place!
3	A fun place for  local hang out but the hotel does need some love in the hard goods area.
4	This is a Locals casino and I would definitely stop in if I was again in the neighborhood. Wouldn't be in a hurry to leave the strip for here though. Great gambling with alot variety in games but didn't seem too much like a party casino. They had automated Roulette machines with $3 buyin's They had Deal or No Deal MachinesGames were pretty affordable and had a decent payout. I mean you win more here than on the strip. Also the biggest draw to this casino was their Buffet. Really affordable at around $10 with good food. Better than Circus Circus I can tell you that.
2	What gets me is that $14.99 resort fee added to your daily bill. Why not just put it in the overall rate?  It is a shock when you think, wow, what a great room rate until you add this on along with taxes.  I can get everything at another upscale hotel with breakfast for the same price or a little less!  When I called to see if this could be waived, they said No! So if you don't need the casino and smoke..... There are some fantastic hotels waiting.
4	Sam Riddle brings country to Vegas!  We have seen him a couple times over the year and he always delivers a fun show.  I would say he has the charm of Kenny and the action pack show of Garth!  Look him up when you are in Vegas and I promise it will be a great show!
5	My grandma invited my friends and I to the buffet here after a long drive from LA. This place is pretty damn huge.The buffet is impressive. They have different section of different types of food like Italian, American, International, etc. Not to mention the food was on point.Definitely recommend this place.
4	I definately enjoy coming here having a few drinks and watching my husband do a little gambling.We enjoy coming here because its right down the street from us. It does seem like we have better odds here to win then on the strip and 100.00 goes a lot longer here. We have also tried a few restaurants in here and one place we love which I will.review on shortly.Sunset Station is a wonferful and conveniently located!!!
4	This year we stayed at Sunset Station with relatives for 5 days, 4 nights.  We've been coming here for years and always enjoy the ambiance and the slot variety.  The rooms are aging a bit and we had trouble with getting hot water late at night.  They've improved their check in process from last visit and we were able to get into our room early without standing in long lines.Prices for buffet meals are very cheap with $4.99 for breakfast and $9.99 for dinner.  You need a slot club card but it's only takes a few minutes to get one.  We even like the small taco stand next to the Mexican restaurant.  The buffet food is standard but choices are many and you won't go hungry.  I've never had a problem with excess smoke in the casino so I find that complaint puzzling.  I don't smoke so I notice things like that right away.  Of course sitting next to a bunch of smokers will do it but I move away and I'm fine.There are some annoying features like the $14.99 "service charge".  You have to ask for a refrigerator, we have a diabetic, but it was taken care of immediately by housekeeping.  The Grand Cafe says it's open 24/7 but it isn't.  From 10pm to 6AM there isn't anyone there at all.  10PM seems a little early to close.  Starbucks closes at 10 also so if you want something have to get there early.  The interior is very nice and spacious with high ceilings and a magnificent central bar designed by Gaudi with lots of beautiful stained glass.  If you walk all the way around and back to the hotel tower, it's a major trek.  Lots and lots of slot machines everywhere, bingo room, kid's quest area for the children, movies, fast food like Fatburger and Ben & Jerrys, and even a giant bowling alley.  We've enjoyed the oyster bar in the past.  Never have done the steakhouse  though.  You can earn points quickly here in the slot club.  This trip our room was comped all four days.  You are away from the strip if that bothers you.  It's a very short drive on 215 to anywhere on the strip by car and only 17 minutes to the airport.  I know cause I had to drive there a lot to pick up people and take them back.  And for you shopping fiends, there is a giant mall right across the street from the casino.One side trip down Sunset Road east from the casino was to Ethel M Chocolate Factory and Cactus Garden.  It's FREE and has a giant chocolate gift shop, go figure, with any kind of chocolate you may want.  We have photographers in our group and they loved the garden too.  So it's worth a trip for you chocoholics.The service isn't as good as say Harrahs in Temecula but we still love the place and the rooms are very reasonable for our out of state visitors.
4	Is this the swankiest place in Las Vegas? no, but it is a bit of a hidden gem. Great restaurants and a great location, not to mention a bowling ally and movie theatre. So it's a little dark, so the decor is a tad unusual. It is still worth checking out. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Yes, there are people with mullets roaming the floors.Yes, the average age is probably 70.Yes, you are waaaayyy away from the strip.But... where else am I going to get upgraded to a HUGE suite for $87? That's right, I said $87! I mean, the place was bigger than my apartment. It even had a jazuzzi! I should have moved in...Upgrade aside...- If you play in the various soccer tournaments held in Vegas / Henderson, this place is super convenient, like 5 minutes from the fields. - Nice family-friendly pool...with a bar, of course! - Penny slots. Try finding that at the Ballagio!- Easy parking.- 80's cover band (we didn't see them play, but a reliable source said they were good).- Grand cafe is old school with cheap prices and decent service.That is all. I'll take that upgrade again now...
1	It saddens me terribly right now to give such a low rating to this hotel, when the hotel was actually awesome. The rating is so low due to the customer service my friends and I received from the pit boss during Sunday morning (6/2/13) blackjack session. My softball team and I all stayed at Sunset Station for a softball tourney that we had about 10 miles away. The price was right and we had a teammate who was a high roller at this casino. The food and service the restaurant was great, and the customer service in the gift shop was excellent as well. The problem arrived when 3 friends and I sat down early Sunday morning, money and drink in our hands to play $5 blackjack. The dealers Nana and Leissle were happy to have a change of pace and to play with 4 girls excited and eager not only to tip but to celebrate our winnings together. The cocktail waitresses also enjoyed our company. We sat at this tableFor at least 3 hours while the pit boss Ralph continued to tell us we were too loud?!?!!?! As the 4th hour approached us, my friend and I hit a 3rd blackjack in a row betting a $25 hand and we all screamed in excitement. The PitBoss Ralph- then decided to kick myself and my friend out for being too loud! When I asked for a manager, they brought over a large security guard named Mark to escort us out. As we tried to reason with them, I kindly and cooperatively asked to speak with a manager. They denied me the rights to speak with a manager then Mark put his hands on me and told me he would call the cops. I then asked to speak to his manager. After two more security guards came over and our friends were in tears and we had all been denied the right to speak to a manager they denied us yet again and asked us  to fill out a comment card! Even one of the cocktail waitresses walked over to explain to the security guard that we were doing nothing wrong. The security guards then warned us they had called the police and they were on their way. We exited the casino immediately after that. I will never stay here again, nor will my team or anyone I know. I will be calling to speak with a manager and because I left my name and number I am expecting ad waiting for someone to call me!!! Worst customer service and Las Vegas and overall casino experience I have ever had. Be aware and do not stay there. The rooms are cheap, but at what cost!!! You have no rights, and no respect!!!!!
5	We had dinner buffet here and it was excellent, lots of international dishes and all sorts of delicious dessert.  The price is excellent for the taste of the food.  By the way there is also a regal theatre inside the casino.
1	this is the worst casino i have ever been to in neveda, i was there on 6/4 1:30 pm playing craps after losing more than $65,000 i was very upset so i went to the bar to get intoxicated and ended up being kicked out, the security guards rushed me like abunch of ninjas and were very rude. they wouldnt even let me finish my beer
4	I loved this place. The bed was comfortable. The room was clean.  It would be a great place to bring a family. It's nice being outside of Vegas and close to Lake Mead. We had the best breakfast and coffee at the Sunset Grill. We had all of our meals there and everything was great. We also had great luck with the slots. My husband did great our first night and I did great our last night. The negatives:Good luck getting help with your luggageThe parking is out in the open, hopefully patrolledThe walk from the casino to the room elevators is the longest I've ever seenNo coffee station in the roomsNo safety rail in the showersI never could connect with the free wi fi
3	It's geared towards and older crowd or a "family friendly casino"  there is a bowling alley and a food court and a children's play area. It's like a corner of its a mall and the other end cheap dining plus casino.it was okay I probably won't go back again.
5	My favourite of the Station casinos. Room was nice and tight  with a 42" flat screen. Pricey resort fee, but paid 33/night. The pool looks as if it was recently renovated. No ghetto gangster people hanging around. Another great thing about this place is the location to Wal Mart and the mall across the street.
5	Best place to gamble if you're going to gamble at the blackjack tables because everybody is in a group usually and they do not want you to screw up their hands so they will help you so they all win at the table and so you win..  best hamburger joint is here an unbeatable prices compared to the country I used to come here just for the hamburgers the best
3	Well, it has been a very long time since I posted any reviews and we have been back to Las Vegas many times since my last one, so I have intentions of catching up!We found Sunset Station in our constant quest for good video poker.  I had a hell of a run here, a winning streak to end all winning streaks.  We thought the place was beautiful, the casino clean and cocktail service was great.  There are good food options and we had a damn fine time.So we decided to stay there the next time we came to Las Vegas.  This is where it gets somewhat interesting.  Of course after my huge winning streak, we were offered a free stay.  So we book it and head out.  $20 at the desk got us into a suite.  Awesome, yes?!  Not so much.  Well, it was clean.  And HUGE.  I have had smaller apartments.  MUCH smaller apartments.  But it all seemed just a little dated, except the master bath, which was huge and totally decked out.  It was nice, don't get me wrong, it was just short on windows and short on that cool hotel feeling.  Also, like many Station casinos, there were a lot of kids.  BooooooBut what wrecked the stay was the fact that the good video poker was GONE.  As in machines GONE.  We were so disappointed that we barely spent any time in the casino, opting instead to tour every single casino in a five mile radius.  Review of THOSE  will follow, for those who are interested.So here's the takeaway:  the place is nice.  We love to split our stay between the strip and an outlying hotel and Sunset Station seemed like a great place to do that.  We will check back on the whole video poker situation because that is, after all, one of the big reasons we are in Las Vegas to begin with.  So if it returns, we will give the place another chance.
4	Never stayed off the strip cause I didn't want to stay in a rundown smoke filled room.  This place was great.  Big enough hotel that you can do a lot of different things.  Got coupon book booking through Expedia.  Rooms were clean and nice.  Staff was helpful and my room did not smell like smoke. Id stay here again.
4	bowling alley,movie theater(w/imax),nice bars and restaurants. Fatburger in the food court,slots that actually pay out! I may stay on the strip but I start my Vegas trips with a couple of nights here when in town for supercross or monster energy cup! Also i can see my vehicle from my room and security is always patrolling also.
4	I'm going to get straight to the point. This is one of my favorite station casinos. I've won nice sums numerous times on the slots and today was my first time playing a sport's wager. It's a very welcoming casino and definitely has the local feel to it. I also love the Feast Buffet's Sunday Champagne Brunch! But I'll leave that part to another review. The only reason I am giving this casino 4 stars is because it lacks some of the bells and whistles that the Strip casino's have to offer. But hey if you're a local you should love it! Peace.
2	If you're tired of the strip hotel/casinos and don't mind extremely poor air quality, slow service, staff who just go through the motions, dated/dirty hotel rooms, and cheap (cost and quality) buffets, this is the place for you! Station, the Walmart of the hotel/casino world strikes again with this yawner of a property.  Watch the kiddies well in the pool, since the lifeguard will abandon his station to schlep booze and towels and food to the cabanas whenever summoned by the wait staff.  Don't bother informing the front desk your non-smoking room reeks of cigarette smoke -- your next one will too, and oh by the way, all rooms are centrally ventilated from the 4th floor, which happens to be ... wait for it ... THE FLOOR WITH THE SMOKING ROOMS ... gotta love it.For the price, amenities, staff, food quality, etc., there are better experiences and better bargains with other name-brand hotel/casinos.Anyway, enjoy your Station experience *cough cough*
5	Haven't had a chance to check the rooms out here yet, but everything else is awesome!Huge, winding casino with great payouts.The on-site Hooters restaurant is excellent, easy on the eyes, and seems to be a step above the mainstreams.The bowling center is huge, is open 24 hours a day, and has some great specials running after midnight.The location is great - directly across from a huge mall and shopping center, with lots of restaurants and big-box stores in the mix.Definitely recommend.
4	THIS IS MY NEIGHBORHOOD CASINOI do remember when this hotel & casino first opened and I couldn't get enough of the interior with its romantic colonial Spanish design integrated with the mimicking of Spain's infamous son and artist Gaudi. Built way before Green Valley Resort Hotel & Casino, this was a Station Casino Group statement that locals' casinos can be more than just a storefront of slot joints. Included are restaurants (unfortunately none are my favorites), theaters, bowling alley and a complete array of gambling facilities to essentially satisfy the die hards.Even after all these years, I'm still awed by the terracotta and Spanish tiled flooring and interior structural facades, stained glass windows and the overall openness. Yu-go chauffeur drops in to watch his favorite professional sports team while I try my favorite slots. Fun is when I find my husband watching his game and I'm showing off that made a few extra bucks to boot.  LoL
3	Love their bartenders; Brenda and Sosa. I used to go here every Friday to gamble a little and drink but they added different bands to the bar over by Starbucks and I do not enjoy any of them. (I gave it a couple tries before changing bars.) They have the casino music and the band playing at the same time. And honestly, I would prefer the casino pop/rock music. The live band is annoying, when they leave I'll come back. Sorry.
5	Great locals casino and the buffet is fantastic and well priced
5	Sunset Station is located near Sunset and the 95 which makes access quick and convenient.   This is an ideal place for locals to eat and gamble.  If tourist knew about this place the strip would be in trouble.https://sunsetstation.sclv.comIt has a great selection of slot machines and all kinds of video poker as well as all the normal table games.   Nothing is bad about this casino but there are two things that set this place apart from other casinos.   The buffet not only has an outstanding price and great food but it has outstanding employees.  I couldn't recommend it higher especially during the mornings when John is in charge.  It is amazing to me how all the help is smiling and working together to make sure everyone is satisfied.  https://sunsetstation.sclv.com/Dining/Feast-Buffet.aspxAlso the sports book is one of the best that I have been in.  The employees are very helpful and knowledgeable.  It doesn't matter what you want to bet on horses, football, baseball etc. they have it all.  The director Chuck and manager Brian are always available and willing to help in any way.https://www.sportsconnection.com I'm sorry I can't rate them higher than 5 stars.
1	Everything seems great except you have to pay for internet which I think is really stupid. I would rather stay at a hotel without a casino than stay here.
4	Stayed here for a 3 day weekend baseball tournament with my sons team. Check in was fairly stress free process. Getting our stuff to the room was little hassle as the hotel is a walk from the front desk. However if you park next to the hotel entrance, there's no ramp to roll your luggage. You have to present your key to the security guard to enter the hotel & use the key to activate t he elevators. The room was decent, a little outdated & stale smelling. Housekeeping was awesome thought kept the room stocked & clean.  This hit is super kid friendly. Bowling alley had glow in the dark bowling on the weekends & the kids loved it. Movie theatre was over priced. Kidquest childcare $9/hr was super convenient with the Mouse maze & games. Kids if all ages found something to do. And parents could hangout til 2 am. There were a lot of dining options from Sbarros, Subway, chinesefood, Ben & berets, oyster bar, Italian sitdown, buffet, Starbucks, etc. Staff was friendly. Would definitely come back.
4	I was surprised by the price and location that this was a very clean and nice. Beds were soft but the towels and shower were a bit lacking. I did eat at the oyster bar and the salmon was very good so over all this is a good hotel to if you were not wanting to stay on the strip.
3	Nothing really stood out, they do have a Buffett but the section I had was nothing to right home about. They did have a nice salad/fruit bar. The casino section was clean but just seemed ordinary
5	I love this casino. I always have a good time and I don't often have to wait long for drinks. Plus it has plenty for kids to do, such as Kids Quest which my daughter loves. It's a bit noisy since they have the radio going plus the jackpot announcements AND live music all at once. Other than that, I have no complaints.
5	Great customer service! ;) I always bring my ca friends here! They also love the place as well.. great price for the buffet too!
4	I love the hotel and the casino. Beds are comfy, pillows stink. For $250 a night you should have "Oprah's Best". But over all I love this place.
4	I love this hotel and casino! The Station Casinos brand is geared towards locals and they do a great job of taking care of us. I love cashing my check here I'm getting a free drink or free food out of the deal. The buffet is pretty good for the price, there's a good Italian restaurant, Mexican place, steakhouse, and oyster bar.I always enjoy the table gaMes and nickel video gaMes too.  They have kids quest dAycare too and a  awesome arcade and theater.
4	We came here for the lunch buffet and were happy with the service we received. The price was great and the food was what we expected.. nothing overly exciting but not poor quality either. We came on St Patrick's day and we're seated right away. Our server went out of her way to ensure we were satisfied at all times.
3	We enjoyed our stat at Sunset Station Hotel. Although we aren't gamblers, the area met our needs as Hoover Dam is close by.As far as this hotel, there was so much we didn't understand, and no one explained how things worked. We self-parked only to find out it's difficult to carry a lot of your travel gear into the hotel.  And, we got a free players club card and at first glance I said no thanks. Turns out, it would have had money on it (From $3 to $500).The food wasn't that great, but as always, we pack our own breakfast and lunch.On the plus side, the room was great---this is a non-smoking room that is truly non-smoking! comfortable and very, very clean. We got a great deal on groupon and opted to upgrade for a Junior suite.
5	Beautiful decor and layout!  Cool bowling alley, movies, arcade, lots of restaurants. Located in a great area of town.
5	This is a great hotel. They have an awesome pool. It is in a good location. The maids are always nice and clean the rooms well. The rooms are nice and comfortable. I have come here with my family 3 times and it has always been great.
1	Dinner here tonight at The Feast Buffet was a joke...Server was slow as hell I know its 5 of us keep the refills coming not 1 every 15 min....Our server jose did more fist bumpin' with the homies that work here than anything.   REALLY!!!!
5	Had a great weekend here!. We have visited a number of times without staying. (We have family in the LV area that we usually stay with). We had a great stay here. Initially our room was not as promised. (we were promised a mini-suite with a king bed).Management went beyond the call of duty to correct the situation! We truly appreciated it. Room was outstanding - service incredible - and the buffet was amazing!Thanks,
4	This place has it all if you don't want to leave the hotel during your stay... 24/7 bowling & cafe, movies, arcade, child care, several fast food places ETC !!! Customer service was outstanding ( got to check in 4hrs early) had xtra towels sent up as soon it was requested, security presence 24/7 inside  and outside of hotel ! Breakfast, lunch And dinner selections at the buffet outstanding !
4	We have been here for a day and it's a wonderful hotel. All of the employees are so friendly and accommodating. Security helped us out so much with an issue we had after check-in. High praise for both Rod and Terrence. From anyone answering the phone, check-in, housekeeping and security the employees are top notch. Been the best experience I've ever had at any hotel.
2	I took my daughter for the buy 1 get 1 free buffet. I purchased it. the cashier asked the people behind us to go in front of me to the cashier,tried cutting in before they paid. I let the host know who is Rude. my daughter got the spaghetti and the noodles were Cold,the prime rib I got cut was luke warm,but we ate it and went to the gift shop,they gift shop is very nice,and we found earrings to match for under 20 bucks. Than I went to the taco place to get my brother a quesadilla to go,than we stopped at starbucks there, the cashier is Very Yound and RUDE as well (its so hard to find customer service in this town),and other customers need to learn to shut there Mouth and mind there own business quit Lieing. Security is very Unprofessional,and will call corporate on them also. BAD EXPERIENCE all the way around for being a Saturday night of what was suppose to be a fun night out!!! :(
2	If u want to lose all your money and be treated so so then u should stay I live in Vegas I would recommend any casino but this one. They say they love locals that's total bulls$&@t.
4	Sunset Station is a fine property. The Casino is large and has everything you would need without leaving the building (Movies, Bowling, etc) The buffet I ate was very good.The Pool area was nice and large, large enough so you felt comfortable and relaxed. The pool was open later than most properties too.The Staff were all friendly and helpful, and it was obvious they really wanted you to be aware of that.The room was clean and decorated nicely, everything was in great shape and made for a comfortable stay.I'd recommend staying here for anyone looking for a quiet place to get away
1	I gambled $2,500 & lost it. So, I thought about calling it a day. I requested the pit boss for a 1 night room comp n dinner for 2. Apparently,  there was no host in the building at 2pm on a busy weekend. After a half an hour wait, the host shows up n denied my dinner Comp request but promises to honor my room request. As I stated, I show up 3 hours later to check into the room they promised. The reservation was no where to be seen. I highly doubt I'll be back to play here.
5	Great hotel casino. Especially great service at the pool.  Best bartender ever is Erica! She makes sure to be attentive and talks to you as though you're a long lost friend.  The other bartender the day before just gives you margarita without asking you anymore questions. Erica asked if you want it on the rocks, with salt and either clear or gold tequila. Wish she was at every bar.
1	took the offer stayed there tues. HORRIBLE ! first the pool waitress decided to help her self with extra tip out of my change , whatever. next , apparently they are  in the public pool bizz now. allowing non guest to pay ten dollars and bring their section 8 brood of kids to pollute the scene. bad move ! next the buffet was UNEATABLE  worst buffet i've been to in ten yrz .  i mean it was terrible . low quality frozen microwaved crap , prison food .the final straw and capper was got up to take advantage of the breakfast specials 5.30 am and the coffee shop was closed . went to my room packed and took my bizz out of there . this is a nice looking joint but as true to stations reputation the place sucks. they don't love locals,  just their bottom line.  NEVER AGAIN !    they can keep their chezzy crappy offers and bait and switch operation . DO YOURSELF A FAVOR STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE !
5	We booked a regular room with one king bed for the Wednesday evening we flew into Vegas. We arrived at the hotel just before midnight. Check in was quick and friendly. We were told we were being upgraded complimentary to a King Suite. It was gorgeous and we still only paid $30 bucks total. We've stayed here a number of times while in Vegas and it's always been great.
4	So here's the thing at first I thought I wouldn't really hang out in casinos outside the strip when I moved to Vegas, but I tell you I find myself at sunset often and I really enjoy it! It's a one stop shop for a night out with my boyfriend. We went to eat at feast Buffet which was perfect for the price, then gambled on the slot machines and then went to a movie! The theater is nice, the buffet has a nice atmosphere, there's sometimes bands in the casino which is fun, and they have a great selection of slot machines. Honestly I'm kinda falling in love with coming here it's always a good time without all the craziness of the strip.
2	We stay at sunset station hotel, the hotel is very clean, the room is clean, but their is no safe box in the room, and when we went to the pool they didn't have enough chairs. All the chairs were taken. Unfortunately I will not stay here again.(first time and last).
1	Just an FYI the AGM Mark Seligman is terrible. He couldn't care less about the guests who stay at his property. He makes it very obvious he uses the "do as I say not as I do" method with his employees as they show more professionalism than he does...how sad. I'm sure he's not in his position due to his exposure to true hospitality positions or has forgotten what its like to leave his office. Seems as though the GM condones his actions also.....im not done exposing him yet.My hotel stay on the other hand was still good despite this joke of a manager
4	This place has a movie theatre, food court, buffet, cafe, concert and club venue, bowling alley, seconds away from a mall and plenty of gaming options for those of you who have a itch in there hands.  By the way it is just minutes away from its sisters Green Valley Ranch and Fiesta Henderson.
4	We stayed here for four nights and had a wonderful time!  The place is beautiful and even though it is casino the hotel rooms were free of cigarette smoke which is really important to me.  I am not much of a gambler but decided to try my hand at it twice and had a wonderful time.  The dealer and the folks at the table were really patient while I learned.The only negatives were as follows...1.  We had registered three people to stay in the room but they only put two sets of towels in each room.  It was an annoyance to have to ask for towels and washcloths.2.  There is a $16.95/day fee.  It is a resort fee but once you have walked around and looked at the place I am not sure what you are paying for.  There is a movie theatre which cost $8.50 per person and the bowling alley... You do get a free game if you are buying others.  The only other things are restaurants and slot machines.  WiFi is even an extra cost.
5	This is not a 5 star hotel luxury wise. I am giving it 5 stars for what you get for the price. Sunset is clean, fun, and has excellent prices. From bowling alleys to a movie theatre to slots, you can't go wrong staying here!
4	A very clean comfy room. Staff was very friendly. We actually left a free room DT to stay here for the bed. The pool was a nice relaxing experience. Natalia and Amberly were both really friendly. Amberly is very helpful and gives great suggestions. Don't question her, just follow her lead. ;-)The tables were friendly as well. Never had a cranky dealer and the other players were usually nice. Restaurants were yummy. My favorite is the oyster bar. We also enjoyed the steak house $29 petite filet and lobster tail were a hit. Not sure why we got a B-day cake. But it was sure a nice treat.
5	Love this hotel, very clean & rooms clean also   & friendly staff & kid friendly too.. Lots of thing too do for kids .. & there buffi great also.. We will be here next year with our whole basketball team!!! For Fab 48 tournament .. Thanks. Sunset for making us feel welcomed ...
1	The absolutely worst hotel stay I've ever had! It started at check-in with "come back in three hours our system is down". No apology, just a statement. Like I was annoying him with my presence. The next morning it took 15 minutes for the cashier/greeter to acknowledge our existence and another 10 minutes to have a waitress appear in the cafe. There were only about 10 people in the place ( 4 tables) so it's not like they were busy. On my last night the people in the room above me sounded like they were playing football. I called security at 12:30AM and 2:30AM. Both times they said they would "investigate" and get back to me. No calls and the noise went on until 3:30AM. I truly thought they were doing construction in the room! At 4:30AM I checked out of the hotel. I requested to speak with a manager but none was available. The clerk said he would e-mail a manager and have them call me the next day. I have yet to receive a call. Also,, the "prime rib" at the buffet was so tough it was inedible!
5	Sunset casino is my favorite local casino. The slots are fair, the live shows are frequent and ever changing( many times also free!) the buffet is busy so be prepared for a possible wait time for chow. The movie theater and bowling make it a fun place for date night and they have quite a few places to eat if the buffet isn't your style. Oyster bar, Mexican cantina, nice cafe, and " mall food" Sabarro, Panda Express, Fatburger, and a Ben and Jerry's near the theater.
2	The casino is very nice as is the pool. The dealers are friendly and inviting. The hotel on the other hand was sub par. The room smelled of stale smoke even though it was a no smoking room, the hallway constantly reeked like cheap cologne, there were no amenities in the room such as a fridge or coffee maker and the ac turned on and off every 5 seconds. The room never reached a cool temperature. I recommend playing here but not staying here.
4	Really enjoyed my stay. Staff was very friendly, it has every amenity. Enjoyed that there is a kids daycare and is very affordable. The restaurants are decent taste. Theres lots of options from dinner setting to panda express.Took advantage of the 1.99. Breakfast.  Is a great size casino with lots of machines and tables to gamble. There is a whole plaza right in front that is very convenient if you forgot to bring things. They have a Walgreens, Walmart, fast food place even a gas station. Found this very convenient.   My room was spacious and clean. Loved the view. The only reasons I didn't give 5 stars is because is really not a 5 star hotel, it has everything and is very clean but doesn't compare to the hotels on the strip, also not enough pillows and blankets, there is a hotel fee $16.99 which even if you don't use the Internet, pool or gym you still have to pay it per night. I do recommend to stay here. I found that Expedia had the cheapest price. Other websites were $20 dollars more per night and I was able to use an Internet coupon which saved me $60 in total.
2	I used to live in Vegas and this has always been a locals casino.  Out of town guests looking for the true Vegas experience should stay on the strip.  South Point Casino offers the same amenities (movies, bowling, huge pool and hot tub) for very reasonable prices. if you are on a budget but wanna do Vegas south points the way to go.  Sunsets for locals.  It's cheap, but far away from the Vegas you are looking for.Pros:  nice room, clean, no crowdCon:  no crowd, older crowd (65+), far from the strip
3	Older hotel, but fairly clean.  Just needs some TLC.  Staff and security friendly, restaurants have good food.  Service good.  Games are decent and I didn't feel like my $60 spent on gaming went too fast.  I enjoyed myself.  I'd probably stay here again.  Their $35/night is, of course, loaded up with resort fees, incidental fees, security fees, and taxes.  The cost to stay here is only pennies lower than non-casino hotels.  Just another piece of information.
2	What a difference a year makes. Decided to go to the buffet tonight and get some "we love locals" service. The Feast Buffet was on par with a high school cafeteria. The staff were indifferent and no smiles. Our server had an argument with another server over whose section our table was in. It was not a bad thing as it was the only part of dinner that was not bland. The meat carver was having a discussion with one of the prep cooks on the prospects of their favorite college football team this year. He turned around to see a dozen people waiting for meat but turned back to his conversation and left us standing there. I can't comment on the rooms as I live here in Henderson now but I would much rather drive to any of the other buffets in Vegas where we get a locals discount.
4	Been coming and staying here since 2002. We live here now and enjoy staying at the hotel. Me and my kids booked a junior suite and as always, are enjoying our time together here. So many choices for food not to mention Starbucks is onsite as well. Love it here.
1	Welcome to the Wal Mart of casinos. This casino aint done nothing for nobody nowhere.
5	My new favorite place to stay in Las Vegas/ Henderson area. This place has a bowl alley , arcade and a movie theater for the kids. Room were very clean . Customer service was fantastic.  Sport book was a great place to kick off week 1 of Nfl season
3	OK, so check this out.  I know I have been long dormant with the Yelp reviews (bad girl, BAD GIRL!), so to make it up to ya'll, I am now embarking on a casino-by-casino tour of my new hometown of LV, NV, and will include reviews of each as I tour them.  Now, these will not include room stays, but just schlepping around the premises - eating, drinking, and checking out anything that moves or doesn't move.  Got it? OK, let's proceed...Review #10:way out east in Henderson; definitely catering to the locals & elderly, with miles & miles of slot machines, plus a huge bingo room, a 13-screen movie theater, and a massive 72-lane bowling alley; the kiddos are also accomodated with multiple arcades & an amusement rides area; the hotel portion is really set off to the side, so much so that I didn't even realize there were hotel rooms here initially; nice motif throughout the casino, especially the faux-balconies near the restaurants; they also have a very nice & quite large sports book that invites lingering; restaurant & bar choices are pretty basic, but the Oyster Bar is a cut above; overall, would have given them 3.5 stars if I could; best craft beer bet = the Oyster Bar for sure, which recently added about 10 good beers in bottles
3	One of the older station casinos I enjoy going to. It's close to my house which makes it a sought after place for gambling, eating or bowling. Parking never seems to be an issue since there are lots around the entire casino and a decent sized parking garage.The eateries are nothing spectacular in my opinion. I have tried a few places but never returned with all of the other options in the area. I will find myself having a small bite in the " cafeteria " are with fast food options for a quick or to go meal.I mainly come here to play the slot or bingo from time to time. I like the layout of the slot machines and the fact that they are not right on top of one another. Being so close to where I live I will come back from time to time but I usually drive a little further to GVR for my local place to play.
4	I enjoy coming here for many reasons. Its a beautiful neighborhood, not too busy, & close to everything. Close distance to the 95 and 23815am freeway as well. They are just about an all In one casino. Nice bowling alley with cheap games during the week and moonlight bowling on weekends. 2 pool tables are also available in the alley, and an arcade with air hockey, racing, phototbooth, etc, which is a plus for me and my boyfriend. Three things we love in one part of the  location. On top of that they have a nice sports book, a bit busy on sunday but the players club den is open which is perfect. Players club consists of three huge tvs and five large ones straight ahead of seatibg, which allows you to watch multiple games at once without being far away or looking up. There are booths, or tables to choose from and you can upgrade to comfy recliners in the front. Though initially it is free to get it and you dont need to purchase anything, there is a waitress available for drinks and food service buffet style on the side. They have a 24hrs cafe with delicious spicy wings, & eggs Benedict but not many other options for people who dont eat dairy like us. There are quite a few restaurants to choose from though ranging from high to low pricing. The buffet is my least favorite aspect of the casino. Horrible for us with food options, just about everything has dairy and many things pork & beef. The price was super xheap though. $9.99 each for dinner and they sent me coupons in the mail buy one get one free. So even though we didnt enjoy the food we were glad it cost us only $5 each to eat. There is a 24hr subway as well. Though some workers there take produce off of a sandwich they put on by mistake and back into the containers. I was getting a veggie aub and had to have them change the spinach bc it was just on someones else sandwich full of cheese which i dont eat. They thought i was crazy for saying something. Also there's a movie theater but man the tickets are $15 a person!  Way to high but matinee hours I beleive they are $6. There's always a plus to the minus here. Employees are usually pleasant, though some working in the sports book are dingy when it comes to sports. Overall a great place I come here all the time. The weather is beautiful for a perfect bike ride here since I live close, and conveniently there's a bike rack outside right by the bowling alley.
5	Spent the 29th and 30th of September here, the rooms were great, comfortable and cheap, the buffets were pretty good, but the circle bar( I don't know the name) was great, the bartenders were friendly and nice, and generous with comped drinks. Laughed with them watching Monday Night Football and the next night baseball playoffs. A great and relaxing couple of days at Sunset Station.
4	got  free 2 night  stay here and free slot tournament entry . the hotel is one of the older hotels , but if you get your rooms in the tower , it's still nice.  lots of different promotions and offers everyday to win all kind of things. it's also right across from galleria mall . very convenient .if you have a rental car and don't mind being away from the strip , this place is a good choice
5	Friendly team members, good food, lots of table action at the craps table. Great promos and tournaments. Close to shopping and you can't beat the room prices. If your out of state sign up for a players card and receive room offers plus get a discount at the buffet. You can't go wrong.
2	I hate to say this because I love sunset station (the casino). But the hotel stinks. Literally. It smells. It's smoky, makes it worse by covering it up with cheap deodorizer, and that ruins an otherwise adorable place. Stop letting people smoke in non-smoking rooms. And if they do, then fix the damn problem.
1	Just two words...BED BUGS!!! I've had the same room within 3 weeks. On both occasions, the hotel claimed to have hired an exterminator and found no evidence of the little critters. I caught one, put it in a bag and asked a manager to call me. A month later, still no call. Unacceptable.
5	These guys upgraded me to a king suite.  They didn't say why but I think it is because the front desk noticed I was a veteran. (My driver's license states it.) Either way it was cool! Thanks!
5	The Sunset Station is a really good hotel, with many amenities for the entire family.  The rooms are spacious and clean, and the bowling alley and kids quest day care are perfect for the kids.  But what makes this place great is the food.  The restaurants are amazing!  You must try the Oyster Bar and the Italian restaurant, too.  The prices are reasonable, and the service is excellent.  Overall, for the value, this is a terrific place to stay in the Vegas area with the family.
1	Well to start when I checked in at 3:45 I was told that my room wasn't ready because I was only staying one night, although check-in is at 3PM. So, after my husband argued with the lady they suddenly had a room available....and it was  not very clean. Bought some bleach for tub because it looked pretty gross and I sanitized surfaces. Never again will I stay here...I'll stick to the higher end hotels, not worth the savings. Thank goodness it's only one night.
3	Nice location. Hotel has a bowling alley an theater. I gave it a 3 star on based on my room. Wall paper peeling in bathroom. Our sink was backed up. Bed was lop sided the frame was to big for box spring so the staff came and slid a board under bed to hold it up. Lock on bathroom door broken, lock on front door had loose screws. When I looked under bed to investigate the box spring I found some trash.  Room 810
3	I've stayed here twice now and I've had better experiences at hotels. Room: SO DARK. There is hardly any lighting and the bulbs are very dim. This isn't much of a problem during the day but at night I kept bumping into things because I couldn't see very well. The electric sockets were also loose so it took a long time for my phone to charge. As far as the bathroom goes, the sink was clogged so the water would drain very slowly and there were some rusty parts of the tub which weren't too aesthetically pleasing.Casino: I don't really have any complaints as far as the casino goes. There seemed to be a decent amount of slots and tables. There could have been a little better ventilation for the smoke but it was manageable.
4	I came here 2 years ago, I got a non smoking room and they gave me a smoking room and I complained some lady came and spraid something in it to kill the smell I was not happy at all.Now i am back here this time I got a nice room on 16th floor that doesnt stink and the casino is not bad I lile it.
5	Yvette Herrera is the best waitress at the Casino Buffett.  She is very attentive to all of our needs.  She has great energy and a great smile that lights up the room.  She is the reason we go to the Buffett everyday.  I would recommend anyone the opportunity to experience the excellent service and commitment to help her customers.  Great job Yvette.  Thank you...   Tim Bodus  5882311
5	The Buffet at Sunset Station is Excellent!!You Will Find a Variety of Selections from all Corners of the WorldNot only are the Selections Excellent, The Cashiers, The People that assist You to Your Table ( Justin) and the Servers/Wait Staff ( Manny and Will) are Very Friendly and Courteous I Highly Recommend the Buffet at Sunset Station not only for The Food, but also All of The Excellent Staff Members that Work so Hard to Provide an Excellent Experience
5	Went to the buffet here recently, I had never been here, and have been raving to my friends and family about the service and food! I will definitely be going back for the salad bar and those amazing omelets!! Our server Yvette Viator was so great, she was on top of everything! If you go there, ask for her section! You won't be sorry! Great job! Can't wait to go back!
3	Overall this is a pretty good place. It's located off the strip so it seemed to be a more local crowd. We ate at the buffet which was very good as far as casino buffets go. It had a variety of food, all of which was pretty good. The place also has a 72 lane bowling alley, arcade, and kid area.
4	The buffet at sunset station Is excellent,Super inexpensive for 9.99$ per person.Everyone in the service team was excellent.
5	This is the third time I've stayed here. While it isn't necessarily 5 star diamond accommodations I'm always pleased with the service and quality here. The staff is always extremely service oriented and helpful. The live entertainment here is also always a pleasant surprise and terrific!  Restaurant choices are good and equally affordable. Last night for NYE, they gave out free champagne to EVERYONE!  Very cool. No spa here or anything like that and I'm not a gambler so can't comment in that aspect but if you're looking for an affordable get away, I would recommend it.
1	Awful room service! I've never had this happen until last week... and I will never go back now. Last Sunday we had a room service attendant walk right into our room without even knocking while the "Do Not Disturb" sign was on the door. We politely told her we do not need service. So I called down to the front desk and asked that we not receive room service for the duration of our stay (stayed a week) and told them why. Of course.... the following morning, we had a lady, by the name of "Luz" shortly knock on our door and walk right in, while we were there. I told her about the sign on the door in big red letters that read "DO NOT DISTURB" and she completely ignored it and asked if she should change our trash. She did not have a room service cart, just a clipboard, which completely concerns me for when I'm out of my room the remainder of the time and what they are doing in there. If I had not been there to tell her we don't need anything, what are they doing in our room when it reads "do not disturb" clearly and means nothing to them? The first time was a completely awkward, inappropriate situation as it was, but for me to call and complain and request no more room service, and for them to walk in the room the very following day, I'm ashamed to have thought we would have received better service. Shame on Station Casinos for allowing this to be acceptable service, and I will not use them again (as a local) or recommend any of my visiting friends to stay there.
2	I came to the buffet for salad. They had spinach and good dressings.  I was pleased with my salad. Anything else on the buffet looked like it was 20 years old. Dry gross and gross.  However, the crowd didn't seem to be starving -- at all.  So no one missed a calorie and I guess all is well that ends well.
4	Great casino and buffett.  Great value for your money and good selection of machines, lots of $5 Blackjack tables.
