4	Good casual bar atmosphere,  The layout is a little goofy, I think the building was formerly a ski and sport store, but that does allow you find some privacy if you want.  Good sandwiches (try the Cuban, very nice), wings and ribs.  The bar area gets busy for Steelers, Pens, Pitt and WVU games.  Prices are typical for both food and drinks.  Service is good, great if they're not packing them in.  Nice big parking lot.Surrounded by Scott Township and Mt. Lebanon, close to Green Tree, and Banksville Rd.
3	Stopped by for lunch.  Have driven by hundreds of times and ended up there because a friend said to met him at Dukes Station.  The bar and dining area were bright and very nice.  The waitress was very friendly and quick to seat us.  Service was very good.  My friend had the ribs and shared one with me, it was cooked perfectly so it was ready to come of the bone and the sauce was a nice sweet and tangy combo.  Had a pork sandwich that was very good with a nice sauce that also was sweet and tangy but not to sweet.  French fries came with the sandwich and were very good. Must have liked the fries, because kept eating them ever after I though I had finished.
4	Fish is. Very good....nice casual place for good food
4	I had a great cut of steak here the other night with some awesome mashed potatoes. It was grilled and charred perfectly. Dessert was just ice cream with Oreo pieces in it. The service was fine, but the place is a little loud.
1	Had take out for four adults from here. The portions were sad. The food was cold. Fries were limp and soggy. Each item was in a separate oversized styrofoam container and worst of all, three of us were sick the next day. Epic fail.
4	I am a fan of Dukes rib house.   It is always crowded and the staff are always pleasant.One of the better BBQ's in the area.   I enjoy the ribs (Capt Morgan Spiced Ribs) but my favorite item is the burgers.   I think they cook them on the same grill the ribs are done.I  waiting like some other burger joints where they marry the pulled pork and burger - see flip daddy's review from Miami.  Awesome!Sides are awesome too... Try the twice baked potatoes :)
1	No one in the place under 30 and have the worst DJ ever playing club music. This place has potential, but is an embarrassment. The cliental could have done a better job with the juke box.  Crappy DJ hasn't played a single song I have ever heard. And the crowd isn't even reacting to the music. Pitt game is on now and its on 2 TVs out of 20.  Baseball playoffs is in the 14th inning and its on 1 TV. They prefer to play the UNLV vs San Jose St game that is a blowout and no one cares about. Plus all girls here are built like bowling pins.
