5	Fantastic!  I've tried a few different yoga studios around the city and this one is by far the best.
5	I was a member for a month recently.I greatly enjoyed hot yoga classes from Nicolas and Kimiko. Karate classes were also fun.Very clean. Really nice and knowledgeable instructors. Friendly and Eco-friendly I just wish it was cheaper and easier to get to.If you bike, bixi station is right next to the studio.Had dozen yoga teachers in past, Nicolas is the one in a million kind yoga teacher. During corpse position (the last relaxation pose), I often notice that he gently massages students' shoulders. He is so caring, and the class is so profound. (more about him here http://www.nicolasadeline.com/ )
5	I've been going to Studio Breathe now for almost 3 years, on and off, and consider it my "home" studio. Considered a "boutique" studio, Breathe does not just offer yoga, but also Pilates, kick-boxing and sculpt classes.Spacious, clean and very friendly staff, the instructors at Breathe, particularly Kimiko, Gen, Xavier and Nicholas, all helped to make my experience of yoga a positive one. Alain and David are also great fitness instructors.With fantastic and roomy shower facilities (always a plus for a hot yoga studio) and lockers,  I don't feel cramped at Breathe like I have in the past at other places. I also like the diversity that Breathe offers, unlike Moksha or Bikram where it's the same routine and sequence all the time.There are a lot of stereotypes about the demographic groups yoga attracts (I will never, for the life of me, understand why someone would wear a full face of make-up to a HOT yoga class...) but if you're not doing it for the trendiness factor and just mind your own business and focus on your practice, this is a great place to do it.They have specials on their prices often so if you're not sure about trying yoga, grab one and see if it's something you can really get into.
4	I see there have been no reviews since Studio Breathe relocated to its new premises on Notre Dame and Charlevoix, so here's the update.Firstly, you should know that I hate gyms. Studio Breathe isn't one. They promote a holistic approach to living better and being more zen, i.e. going with the flow. I like that. They do yoga - especially hot yoga, pilates, kick-boxing, karate, but also meditation and a bunch of kids' classes.When I worked downtown, my company offered free yoga classes twice a week and, afterwards, I enjoyed nothing so much as my Liquid Nutrition smoothie from the downstairs food court. A post-exertion smoothie, that picks you up without weighing you down, is available to me once again with the opening of Le Kitchen adjoining the studio. They appear to serve vegan food (it doesn't say it, but it looks like it is), which smelled amazing and looked delicious - salads and soups as well as smoothies. It does say "gluten-free" on the window.I loved the old premises in the Nordelec building which, as other reviewers have said, were spacious and clean. The space itself promoted a certain "zenitude". However, in the months before they moved, things had become a lot less zen, mainly due to the success of certain Groupon-type promotions. The changing rooms had become way too small, with not enough locker space or shower room (though most people shower at home).The new premises are very different. There are many more lockers (but much less pretty and you have to bring your own locks now), and more showers (much better as they have an ante-cubicle for changing). But the main changing room is still cramped, in fact more so as it now serves as a thoroughfare, which wasn't the case before. Overall, it's less classy than it was, but they still have nice touches like the hairdryer.I only saw the hot yoga room, which is a nice, airy and light room, and I believe the Dojo is underneath it. It would appear that there are actually now fewer rooms, though I think more classes are being offered.The service is great. I hadn't been for ages and wanted to pick up my previous card of classes. I sent an email and was called with an offer which suited me nicely. When I turned up at the studio for a class, the welcome was warm and friendly and everything was explained very well.This is a young Montreal business, run by people who seem to really believe, and I encourage you to do yourself some good and support them.
5	IIt only takes a few simple words to say that this is by far the BEST YOGA AND OTHER  GROUP PHYSICAL ACTIVITY STUDIO I have ever been!The location is prime, the ambiance is exactly as it sounds, and the staff/teachers and cooks are one of kind!You would be a fool not to give it a try and even get an  unlimited yearly membership as it is nearly impossible to find such a charm in the city any where else!P.s. they specialize in hot yoga, yoga of various other types and for people at different levels , Pilates, sculpt, kick boxing and karate and even for kids!
