5	Valerie is Amazing with my dogs.  I've been taking them to her for years and wouldn't think of going anywhere else even though it's a 20 minute drive from my house. They absolutely love her.  If you need grooming for your dog or cat, this is the place to go. Thank you Valerie for your ongoing services.  You are simply the best!
5	I found this place thanks to yelp and I'm so glad I did! I took my Maltipoo in to get groomed,she's very attached to me and was scared to go back with them but they were so sweet to my baby and made her feel at ease and I'm so glad! I just explained how I wanted her cut and she did a great job! And prices are average it was $45 for wash, cut and teeth cleaning. I will definitely return!
5	Valerie's Paw Spa is without a doubt the best grooming salon for your dog or cat. Valerie has been grooming all of our pets for over 5 years. We will only go to her. Brigette and Laura who also groom with Valerie are also exceptional groomers. The level of care they show all pets is second to none.
5	Valerie is an amazing groomer!! My dog loves her and looks so great!! I recommend paw spa to anyone who loves their dog!! The price for great for the quality groom! We will only use Valerie for our dog.
5	I was a walk in, and have to say it was very nice to see people I was familiar with from walking my puppy working there.  My puppy tends to whine when he gets a bath (though he loves getting dry), but they said he gave them no trouble, and after having him get his nails filed, the puppy bath, and his teeth brushed, they only charged $20.  What a great deal, and great to know that my puppy was comfortable during the whole process.  I expect to be a regular customer for many years to come.
5	The staffs are friendly and the place is clean and simple. Extremely satisfied. Reasonable price for a 4 month old puppy. Will definitely be returning. I should have taken a photo of their menu. Lots of other services that they offer most place doesn't (Dog Paw-Lish etc.).Also, love the fact that they open at 8am. Perfect for me bc I'm such a busy person and would like to get this out of the way first. They are fairy new and booking an appointment isn't so bad, but I know they will be super busy later bc of their excellent work.
5	Valarie is the best! She takes care of my dogs ( all 4)  as if they were her own. They love going to her and I feel very comfortable leaving them! If you know Corgis they shed. She trims them and fluffs them. And they love her
