5	I had a pedicure with  Dustie. I had never been there before. I really loved the pedi and Dustie was very nice too. Wish I would have known about her months ago!!!
5	Stepahnie G. does my hair cut and color. She is great and I get lots of compliments on her work!
5	I visit Tyson Bunker at Posare Salon. I was referred to him by another blonde client of his, who I complimented her hair at Target. My hair had been breaking from a previous hairstylist and I have been going to him every month now for a little over a year. I have NEVER been happier with the color and cut of my hair, he does NOT over lap the bleach and my hair feels as thick as it did when I was 18!
5	Just had a hair color here by Stefan.  Was great.  He has 30 years of experience, most of in Europe.  His expertise really showed and my hair looks great.  Would definitely recommend him.  SH
5	Laura O is the best!! I've been going to her for a while. I always get compliments on my color. She is the best in town! I would not trust my hair to anyone else!!!
5	Just had a Brazilian split end repair by Laura! She really does great hair. If you are looking for a great hair stylist in the Vegas valley, definitely go see Laura. I've been going to her for years and have never been disappointed!! She really does a fantastic job!!
2	This was a very underwhelming experience. The girl who did my hair was clearly inexperienced because she took all the safe routes in order to not damage my hair. Well, not only was my hair damaged, but it was also very orange even after toning. The overall five star rating must be for services other than hair color. The girl was nice and personable, but unsure/insecure in her abilities thus the sub par result. I ended up with a bright orange band that later had to be fixed by Angela at Mosaic.
5	I get my nails done by Kayla they are absolutely amazing every time! She listens to what you want and takes her time to make sure they are perfect which they are 100% off the time.   She is so personable and professional! I recommend every one go to her and you will LOVE your nails once she is done with them!!!!!!
1	Horrible, Unpleasant Experience... I was talked into getting highlights by Tiffany Amenta. She ignored everything I said to her about how I wanted process to go, she doubled booked my appointment time so she could do a friend of hers while I sat processing longer then necessary and only returned my calls about how unhappy I was about it all after I asked for a refund via text.Through a clinched jaw and with a super hostile vibe, she offered to color over the highlights but at this point there was no way I would ever let her touch my hair again. Out $75. Learn from my mistake... Do yourself a favor, find a hairdresser who takes pride in a job well done, cares about all her clients and isn't just looking to make money off of you.
5	I found Posare on Groupon and bought the gel mani pedi for $60. Kayla did my nails and I have never been happier with the result! The appointment was easy to make and she was very accommodating, she was so sweet and very patient while I took way too long to decide on colors, she finished in less time than I was quoted, my nails looked flawless, and she even gave me some really amazing hand and nail oil to take home as a thank you. I felt badly I only had $10 to tip her she deserved way more! The fingernails didn't start chipping for 2-3 weeks and the toes still haven't chipped (only grown out) and I had them done nearly two months ago.
1	Remember that saying if you have nothing nice to say don't say anything at all...well let's just say THAT'S NOT GONNA HAPPEN!!! Keep in mind, I never had gel nails before this is my first experience. I wanted to get my nails done for the Halloween Costume party that we were going to on 10.31.14. I was going as "Alice" in Wonderland. So I wanted to get my nails painted light blue with white tips. So I went on Groupon and found a deal with this place. I read the info on how they have a Pink room, where patients undergo cancer treatment while enjoying complimentary salon service. I thought "AWWW that's so sweet". Then I looked at yelp reviews and they only had 9 which was a hit or miss. I figured why not.There are two entry ways to this location. Prior to me buying the deal. There was no receptionist on either side. We stood there for 5 minutes and I heard a lady helping another customer so I decided to approach her. She gave me the card to the nail person and told me to text her. I was like huh? Text her. That should have been my first warning.I text the lady and asked her if she was available to do my nails. Her first response was "Is it a groupon? If so which one?". I took a snap shot of the deal and sent it to her. Her response "I won't be available but let me see if the other nail tech will be in tomorrow". I don't get it. It's either yes you are available or no. Asking me if it is a groupon deal made me feel like she didn't want to deal with me. She booked me an appointment with Jahara. She was a sweet lady, but the work on my nails was horrible. She didn't clean around my nails. She only cleaned the nail itself. It took 2 hours for my nails to be done. I've gotten acrylic nails before and that doesn't take 2 hours. I couldn't' understand why gel nails would take longer than acrylic. I told her if she can do nail art and she said yes. So we decided on the deck of cards (i.e. hearts, clubs, spade and diamonds). Lets just say she couldn't do the club, so she left me with 1 heart, 2 jacked up diamonds and 1 spade (which was actually nice). When she said she was done. I was like no way. The edges were still rough. I mentioned to her is this how it's suppose to feel, rough? She sanded it down more. Why didn't you do this in the first place?After 2 hours, I was done. I just wanted to go. She mentioned gel nails last longer than regular manicures. Approximately 2 weeks. Wake up call, peeps!!! It lasted only 5 days and on the 3 day, one of the nails are ready cracked on the side. In the end, lesson learned. Will not get gel nails again!! You make the call. If you have 2 hours to waste in Vegas and willing to shoot out $50 for gel nails, which will only last less than a week. Then by all means have at it!!
5	Wife love her nails... Kayla is a Yelper!! Wife loves her and will be coming back she has discounts at her chair for yelp! She has a nice space and clean space. Great experience!
5	If you've been in a similar situation like myself...on a never ending mission...just trying to find "The One" Stopping in at every nail salon on every corner...just hoping...only to find out that they are ALL the SAME...unpleasant, feeling unappreciated and down right poor quality service???? Well I've got news for you....Go see Kalya!!!....This girl is truly talented, polite, professional, and just a down right really nice person!!!! I feel sooooo blessed to have FINALLY Found "The One"
