5	LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!  I love the chicken corn tortilla tacos...along with a big cup of iced tea!  I always get in and out of this location! Good job!
5	Chipotle has paleo food!  To most people this doesn't mean much, but to me it is very important!  When I am following my diet strictly this is one of the only restaurants I can eat at and on top of that I love the food.  I am so happy they use local ingredients when they can.  Perfect lunch place for me and it always feels like a treat.
5	Very great customer service,  Amazing food,  Wonderful design layout,  Everthing 100% recycle, Extra condiments,  Acholic drinks served.  Wonderful place for a good time.  Please consider this meixcan dine in for your next visit for food.
1	Burrito, after a few bites I discovered I had been chewing on a piece of what appeared to be plastic like cigarette clear wrapping the size of a playing card, the food is always cold, between the food being cold every time I get a burrito there and now foreign objects in the burrito! Come on, its Arizona, there's plenty of better places to get your burrito fix...
5	I LOVE Chipotle!! I eat it and dont feel guilty. I know the products are fresh and come from farms that dont inject a ton of antibiotics in the animals. It is a fast food chain, but comes without the nasty feeling of going into one. Have you tried their guacamole? It is the best! If you are really hungry get a burrito. If you are just a little hungry get a bowl. You can decide how many calories you want to consume when selecting what you want in your meal.
5	Great staff, food is always hot and tasty. We go once per week on average.
5	My thoughts are only on the Barbacoa, it's the only thing I eat here.  I LOVE IT!!  It's spicier than some of the other options.  I get extra rice, double tortilla and the hotter green salsa.  This is one you craze if you don't get it enough.  :)  The barbacoa may not be your favorite but there are lots of other options, my husband like the burrito bowls with chicken and guac, etc...  It's like a subway for Burritos  enjoy.
5	Found this Chipotle after the one on Baseline and Val Vista ticked me off for the last time. The workers here are extremely friendly and got my three burrito order cooked in done in under 5 minutes!
5	Perfect spot for a filling lunch. Its quick easy and not to mention the food is fantastic. I rarely meet people that dislike Chipotle and if I do I assume they're crazy. The service is fast and the workers are really friendly. Definitely one of my favorites for a lunch on a tight schedule.
5	i love eating at this location!  All the staff are SO nice.  They really seem to enjoy working there which keeps the atmosphere light and positive.  The food is fantastic... always fresh.  i love it!
3	I kind of have a love hate relationship with this place. I hate how much the food cost just for a burrito but I love not having to spend three hours in the bathroom afterwards. I hate the overly yuppie vibe but love the clean look of the restaurant. I.... well you get the idea! Growing up in the valley I was surrounded by mexican food places so I always wondered why someone would pay almost 7 dollars for something you could get for around 3? I guess it is the not having to worry about being shanked by someone in a parking lot in south phoenix or finding grandma's hair in your combo platter( it will make you wiser). All I know is that for me it is nice to have a place to eat if you do not want to gorge on a McNasty burger (I'm hating it!). Just wish they would dial back the hipster thing to 1995 GAP store levels (no I will not sign your petition!!) I get it you care about the earth, now can I please eat my food?
5	the Staff here are amazing, and the food is always great!!
5	I eat at this location nearly every day and the other comments here about the friendliness of the staff are spot on. They are both having fun and providing excellent service. It really does make a difference! I found chipotle after discovering I have a gluten sensitivity. I find that I have no bad reaction to the food here even without asking for glove or utensil changes. Nothing on the menu except flour tortillas is off limits    If you are celiac you may consider asking for allergy precautions of course. Also, other locations may no be as good as this one about such issues. The chipotle chain like any other has weaker and stronger locations. This chipotle is absolutely tops in my book.
5	Food and service was excellent! First time here and as I was deciding the worker never made me feel rushed. He welcomed the guest behind me as I continued to choose between beans or no beans. After he was finished with me, he instantly gave them the save positive attitude he gave me and apologized for the delay in assistance. Great service, great food, great price! COME TO HAWAII!
5	If you want a lot of food then this is the place  to go. I always have leftovers. However, I ask for almost everything in my burrito bowl so it is full! If you only like meat, rice, and bean you're bowl won't be as full. Also depends on who makes your bowl. Some times I have people who are very gracious on portions and others are stingy. I have had very good luck with this particular chipotle though. We also like to get chips with our burrito bowls... They give you very few chips in a bag. They used to give you a lot :-/ kind of a bummer.
5	I will eat at this Chipotle any day of the week. The service wad awesome. We came in late last night and they made us fresh steak and chicken and they were happy to serve us. Not like the one in downtown Phoenix
1	Used to love this location.  Not anymore.Two new faces recently joined the familiar, pleasant employees and it hasn't been a change for the better. On a recent visit I was ordering two bowls. They began one and then in order to catch up on a phone in order that was seemingly overlooked by the girl peering slyly over the cook station, the male who must be seeking brownie points with said coquette, shoved this order in between my two bowls. In an attempt to let him know that my other bowl would not be ready when I reached the register I said "That bowl back there is also my bowl" indicating the bowl that was now third in line.  He said in a nasty dismissive tone "I GOT this! " The next person in the prep line then asked me what I wanted on the NEXT bowl, which of course was not mine.  I replied "That isn't my bowl...THAT is my bowl" pointing back 3 places in the lineup.  Again the arrogant guy said in his nasty way "WE GOT THIS!"  I shrugged and stood there.  He barked out the toppings order on the to go's order and closed them up.   While I stood there unable to finish my order or to pay.Eventually they had all four bowl sealed up and the register lady said "These are your bowls?"  Indicating the bowls sitting on the counter still as arrogant guy had begun bagging the other two.  I said "I don't believe so" The arrogant whips around and says "Yes, they are"  And I said "Then what are those?"  Indicating two sides of liquid sitting on top of the bowls.  He says "That's your salad dressing"  I said "Great, but I didn't order a salad".  No apology, no nothing he just grabbed the two dressings and put them in the correct bag for the lady who had been waiting for her order.  Once he removed himself from the line up the rest of my order went well...excepting for the fact that he seemed to find it necessary to turn his back to me and to whisper his accounting of events to two very uncomfortable looking employees (they were embarrassed that he was talking smack about me but he must be the supervisor so all they could do was shift nervously and keep their mouths shut.  The little honey the male seemed so eager to placate stared out from behind the prep counter with a smug expression.  Man do they have trouble brewing at this location with this damsel and her gallant knight.
5	Love this place best service ever. Didn't know I could get a side order of tortillas until the other day. Now I do it all the time.
5	Come in it's chipotle you shouldn't need to read a yelp review to tell you it's good. I mean everything here is awesome. You can be healthy if you want with a salad or just got all out with a burrito. What I would say to do is get a quesadilla and have them wrap the burrito with the quesadilla. Wonder how that will be.
4	Fast, friendly service and the same high quality ingredients you'll find at any Chipotle. We were here on a limited time schedule for lunch, and we were in and out with plenty of time to spare!
2	Not the best chipotle location!  They give you small portions compared to other locations. And when you call them on it they get all butt hurt. I'm a fan of chipotle but  not a fan boy that thinks chipotle could do no wrong.
4	Chipotle!  What could be bad????  We went for Teacher Appreciation Night and what an awesome thing they do for educators!  BOGO!  We tried the sofritos which were amazingly good!  (Especially for meat eaters like us!!).  This location was BUSY for this special night but the line moved efficiently and everyone was really friendly and greeted us with a smile despite the crowds.  We'll definitely be back!  Only wish they were bigger!!
5	My kids and I love this chipotle! We are always are greeted by the nicest people and everything we get is delicious!!!
4	Stopped in last night for dinner....around 7ish...so a little busy, not crazy, but steady.  We ordered a chicken bowl and burrito....  He told us it would be about 6 minutes for chicken...so he asked us just to go to the front of the line for a couple pops and they'd let us know...  So we took our free pops and had a seat....sure enough about 6 minutes later a gal came out and flagged us over.  I appreciated that the guy gave us a time frame and also didn't try to talk us into another meat option.  The free pops were also appreciated.  We will be back, thank you Chipotle!!
3	Update:  Well, I still go to this location almost every day, you guys know who I am :).  I understand that places go through ups and downs, at this very moment, this location is not at its best.  Rushing on the service line has lead to some messiness -- I saw one associate put a piece of chicken that had fallen on the counter back into someones bowl.  Another time, a different associate was talking while flinging guac on a bowl and proceeded to get it all over that bowl, the counter, and the outside of my bowl that was in line behind... yuck!  The quality of the food on the line especially at opening time is spotty -- some meats are cold, no fajita veggies, sad, dry looking sofritas.  I get the impression that they don't really try anymore to be ready to serve the best food right at 11am.  I have seen some faces change, including managers, and I assume that these personnel changes are the root of the problems.  All this said, Chipotle is still miles better than most fast food in my book, and the staff here on the whole is still provides friendly service.  I hope someone reads this and tries to get back that total excellence this location had mastered in the past.
5	If you haven't been to a chipotle you should. And if you're looking for a good one try this one! The staff has always been top notch and the food prepared exactly to specs. The times I have put in online orders they were always on time and the one time that it wasn't they gave me a free drink while I waited! The manager and employees all seem to enjoy their work and that always shows in a meal. Nothing but good things to say about this place!
5	By far, the friendliest Chipotle I've been to. Awesome staff, above and beyond service. Thank you guys for being so awesome here!
5	Same as every other Chipotle I've been too. Friendly employees. Busy at peak hours and deserted at others. Roulette game as to your portion size. Just something about it though.
3	This has always been my goto Chipotle and great until recently my online orders were getting messed up. Missing tortillas on the side and guac. Not sure if there has been management changes or something but also  a lot less chips are being given in the bag. $1.30 for 25 chips? Might as well go to the store and buy a whole bag of Tostitos instead. Disappointed in recent experiences here when i order at least once a week :(
2	Let me preface this review by telling you, I'm the biggest Chipotle fan there is.  I visit them whenever and wherever I can.  I love it so much that I've been a long-time (small) shareholder of CMG stock.  So it pains me to say that I'm not sure what the deal is with this Chipotle, but the staff here just seems a bit off compared to other locations.First, nearly every other CMG I've been to around the country takes great pride in cleanliness.  On my last few visits to this one I've had to wipe my own table clean on more than one occasion.  Second, they just do not seem well-trained.  My wife made the mistake of ordering a margarita one night and the guy working had to scrounge around for the materials and even ask a co-worker how to make the drink.  Another example, yesterday, my son ordered a cheese quesadilla and the crew basically forgot about it and what resulted was an overcooked crunchy slab of goo.  Lastly, their speed lacks a sense of urgency you find at the other stores.  Again, on yesterday's visit, the guy working who was our first point of contact..you know the guy that grabs the tortillas or bowls based on your order?  Well, he had to change out the bean containers with fresh beans.  This process caused a huge bottleneck because none of his co-workers down the line from him felt the need to jump in and help him either with the beans or with getting us started.  What was a relatively short line of maybe 6 people quickly grew to one reaching the door for no good reason.  I would hope Mr. Ells makes a visit to check-in on this location and somehow rights the ship.  Until I hear different, I'll stay away from this store and go to the one at Power/Ray or Val Vista/Baseline.
