5	Best barber shop in the valley!  High quality cuts, cool staff and a really nice set up.  I've been going here since they opened.  Friday and Saturday get busy with walk ins, Tuesday - Thursday you can make an appointment. Highly recommend a trip here.
1	Cons: Horrible customer service! Dropped by 2 days in a row. The first was Thursday September 2nd 2011 (I remember, it was the day of the Sade concert). I was in a rush and didn't have much time, but that didn't stop KJ, one of the barbers from picking an choosing the customers he wanted to serve at random. I remembered that I have called him on his cell before, and was told he doesn't take appointments. This was not a huge problem, so I left and went about my business. The following day...Saturday September, 3rd 2011, I returned at approximately 2:00pm. Every seat was occupied accept for a bench in the back by the restroom. The barber I just mentioned KJ's chair faces this bench, and his customers typically wait for him here although there is only space for 2 people. This is the bench where 2 customers came the previous day and were given advanced service while I and others waited. (They gave him a fist jab, maybe this made the difference...who knows) On this visit he pulled customers from the main waiting area, ignoring me. I grew skeptical but remained calm for a little over an hour, until a gentleman entered the barbershop and asked KJ if he was available, to which he replied "I'm booked all day, sorry". I thought to my self "I have been personally told that he does not do appointments, perhaps he's changed his policy since I last asked". After he takes a break to read a book, he serves 2 more customers and sweeps the hair from his area and organizes the products and equipment around his sink. He walks over the owner of the shop (Chris') chair and whispers something to him, casually strolls back and says with a condescending grin "there some seating open over there, man" before sitting down in his barber chair to finish his book. I return to the main waiting area and notice there are only 2 people waiting, me and another customer. I was appalled, every single customer who arrived before or after me had been already been served. I was pissed at this point, but desperately needed a haircut so I waited. After the last customer leaves Chris' (the owner) chair, Chris nods me over, I stand up place my magazine (which by the way I finished while waiting...every single article) then the other customer starts to sit down. He tells the customer that I'm next, and after a brief exchange, Chris shrugs his shoulders and says nervously "I don't know who is was here first". I say it doesn't matter as I get up and walk out of the door. Just so you know, I always tip-- for me and my girlfriend (who gets her hair styled there as well), and I tip well! The female hairdresser there even recognized me and asked me about my girlfriend, who by the way is also no longer a customer. Worst experience of my 28 years of getting haircuts, if you're new in Arizona and need a Haircut, go to the Hair Society in South Phoenix (it's well worth the drive and cuts are on point)! Pros: Talented hair cutters.
