4	This is a pretty nice, well organized grocery store. The prices are pretty competitive. They're not quite as low as Aldi but they carry a lot more items so it's a good place to shop. The service is pretty good and they have everything you need when it comes to groceries.
4	Known to us long-time locals as the "Taj-ma-Teeter" because of its grand size and themed "worlds" complete with custom signage and props, this is the local grocery you've got to see.  Where else could you go and visit the frozen tundra to get your frozen items?  Who else offers up your meats and veggies from a "farm-land" inspired group of aisles?  There was a time and place this store was considered the brand flagship.  I'm certain those days are past, but the huge selection and colorful signage still make this a destination grocery store, if such a thing exists?!Bottom line is this:  this is a Harris Teeter grocery store, which is pretty much the gold standard around here for getting your weekly food shopping done.  Produce, meats, seafood, deli, bakery, etc.  It's all here, just like you'd find a pretty much any HT.  The only difference is there is a bigger selection at this store and they tend to carry some harder to find ingredients and products that smaller stores would skip if for no other reason than a lack of shelf space.  For example, the deli cheeses are more than just Boar's Head selections.  This store also carries it's own dry-aged meats if you are looking to impress.The wine and beer selection is also impressive here- better than average for a grocery store.  Also, if you are attending any outdoor events around Southpark, don't overlook their prepared-foods.  Lots of pretty good picnic-style food ready for purchase and all made in store.  We tend to stop in before outdoor concerts, when in a rush.Price-wise, not always the cheapest around, but then who wants that your your fresh foods? Do watch their sales, the loyalty-card savings can really tally up if you shop regularly.
4	Dare I say that I dig this HT more than the Taj MaTeet @ South Park? This one is more compact however always has easy to spot employees who are happy to help not to mention this HT is loaded with free samples! I can get samples of soup, cheese, meat, soup, sweets, bread and more therefore curbing my appetite which in turn helps me spend less money which is always the objective for me! Their pasta bar and hot bar are pretty awesome with a tasty selection of items and the sushi looks and has always been fresh. When I want to get Teeterized, this is the Teet for me!
3	Not a huge fan of this HT location.  It is pretty convenient though and that's why I don't like it as much since it always seems super busy and the parking lot is a deathtrap waiting to happen.Death and destruction in the parking lot left aside, the inside is pretty well planned out for the space that they have and it's pretty easy to get in and out in a few minutes - usually this is my goal since I'm in a rush somewhere and just need to grab wine or something.I haven't seen any U-scan machines in this store, but I always rush in and out without noticing the front line of registers midst all the impulse buy options of magazines and candy.
3	I'm giving this place 3 stars because I like the layout, the convenience, and the overall setup, BUT there is one problem I have with this location, and that is that I've experienced rudeness on a couple of occasions from the employees.  The first incident wasn't really rudeness as much as ridiculous micromanaging, as one of the employees told me to go to another check out line that would be "shorter," but the first line ended up being way quicker and I actually experienced a longer wait because of being told to move.  The other occasions involved cashiers giving me attitude, such as telling me to use the self-checkout instead of waiting in line for her to do her job.  I realize that a lot of cashiers are 16 year olds who have never held a job before and who are probably more concerned with hanging out with their friends than selling me beer and toilet paper, but this stuff is happening often enough that I've noticed it, and no place of business wants that.  Time to give the employees a refresher in customer courtesy.
4	Massively huge Harris Teeter. I mean, I've been in a Wally World SuperCenter and this place seems just as large. And here, it's all groceries and stuff. Friendly staff, carts that have four working wheels, shelves that are fully stocks. If you're used to Wally or Aldi, you're gonna go into shock here!Prices, well. Prices are a little higher. But you're paying for a better shopping experience.Open 24 hours.
3	This is my local grocery store, and I'm a big fan of Harris Teeter, but lately a few things have bugged me about it.Like other reviewers have said, the parking lot is a bit of a nightmare.  It's a small store (by HT standards) and daytimes can be pretty busy.  I personally LOVE to shop late at night, and frequently visit after 9 p.m. to avoid the crowds.Be warned... Thursday is senior citizen day, and it's hard to maneuver the aisles with how busy it is, and slow moving the customers can be.As it's a smaller store, it seems they don't have enough room on the shelves for some items, and they run out.  They never have Diet Sun Drop!I had a pretty negative experience today with customer service.  I get the HT emails, and frequent their website looking for sales, etc., and the website has all of these mentions of special orders, etc.  So I figured I'd ask customer service about why they discontinued my favorite fake-meat sausage product (don't mock me!  it's good!) and they seemed annoyed that I was asking, and causing them a hassle.  Overall, the two employees working behind the counter seemed bothered they had to help me at all... not a good impression!
4	Just came to this HT for the first time last weekend.  I normally go to the one on Central (which is much smaller and cramped in comparison).  I believe this will be my regular store from now on.  This location is HUGE!Things I love about this location:1. Very clean.  I was there on a weekend, and it still looked pretty great.2. Large selection of produce.3. Open 24 hours - hurray!  4. Friendly staff.5. They have a whole bread counter for their artisan breads.  Awesome!6. Very well organized.  I think this store makes more sense, because it has the produce, bakery, deli, and all that near each other.  I liked that a lot.7. Great selection of quick items.  I love their pre-prepared meat dishes, that you just take home and bake.  They are convenient and delicious, especially when you catch them on sale.The parking gets a little difficult on the weekend, but more because of a general increase of traffic in the shopping plaza than actual business at HT.  The prices are about standard HT prices, which even I admit are higher than some of the other area stores.  However, you get what you pay for, and them items are higher quality and easier to find here than some other stores.
4	Is it normal to LOVE a grocery store??? I mean seriously... I HATE grocery shopping, but it doesn't bother me one bit to walk into the brightly lit foyer of a Harris Teeter. I'm not from the south, so this place is brand new to me and I had to ask myself ,'What have I been missing all these years???" As soon as you walk in to the left side is the produce area and my boyfriend even said that he isn't a fruit and veggie kinda guy, but he noticed just how colorful and appealing the produce section in any Harris Teeter always looks. Since I've moved here I decided that I'd like to be more healthy and I have to say... it's MUCH easier to eat healthier here than in my hometown. They have both locally grown and organic foods and the cheese wheels in there are like nothing I've ever seen. I'm probably the laziest person on earth when it comes to cooking, so you can imagine the happy dance I broke down into when I realized they had pre made dinners... and they are REAL dinners, salmon with pasta, lasagna, salads, sushi... etc. I told the boyfriend I was going to surprise him with a candle lit Harris Teeter pre made dinner one night, ya know, because I'm so romantic and all. haha :) It's just a pretty store. Yes, pretty. I never knew that was possible of a grocery store and I am in love with it. They are open 24 hours here too so BONUS because I live right down the street. The selections of food, wine, beer etc is just amazing here. Did I mention I love this place? Like, alot???? Cause I do.
4	"This place has everything!" I can guarantee you'll find what you're looking for here. It's always a pleasure to go to one especially since the sell out to Lowes Foods in surrounding areas outside of Charlotte. I will warn you that this place is busy - is it the only grocery store in the Cotswald area? The traffic inside is as bad as the traffic outside for folks trying to get a parking spot. We got lucky and snagged one just as you pull in on the side of the store. I don't have a huge list of pros and cons. It's a Harris Teeter. It is definitely on the higher priced of grocery stores, but they do have the best produce out of any of the chains. The only store that tops them is Ingles if you feel like taking the trec to Dallas, NC off 321. Now that is a grocery store that is about the size of a Wal-Mart with some of the best selection. Bi-Lo is a close second to Harris Teeter in produce quality.I think the only turn off for me is that the smell of fish is a bit over powering. Good seafood rarely has a stank. I've purchased their shrimp before, and have been thoroughly impressed. Remember that with most grocery stores, you can't even get fresh. Flash frozen or frozen for months or not at all are normal for most other groceries.
3	I do not get to this store often, mostly because I don't live anywhere nearby, and if I'm in the area, it is not to shop for groceries. If I should happen to be in the area, the traffic can really scare one away. It is bad even though the parking lot is one of the better examples in Charlotte - no angles that are particular nuts or anything. But the traffic can really drive one bonkers.Though the store itself is on the older side, it is nice. Staff is very helpful, and generally do a great job of getting you where you need to go (within the store that is, and that can be a difficult task seeing the size of the place).
5	Great store just toooooo busy!
4	I like this Harris Teeter a lot but not the best.  It is hard to find some items in the store  especially if your new to the Harris Teeter.  It is very busy in the store.  The cashiers are nice and sweet.  It was clean and nice.  Had 95% of the items I needed.
4	I love this teeter!!  Recently moved our office to this area so I stopped by to check it out.  The salad bar, hot food bar and olive bar are amazing!!!  They always have a quinoa option that is full of flavor and just a wide variety that will please anyone.  Friendly employees and smells of fresh flowers when you walk in.  Definitely a fan!!
2	Of all the Harris Teeter that I go to; this is my least favorite one. The parking is a pain and the workers here are rude. I never have a good experience here. The managers here are bitter. So many of them don't even understand coupon policy here and are too lazy to figure it out so they will tell you if it don't scan they are not able to do anything about it. Yet the same coupons scan or were override at a Harris Teeter just down the street from them. Don't go here if you're already having a bad day.
1	From the north and looking for a good grocery store?  Stop wasting your time.  There is a grocery store where I grew up in NY called Wegmans and it is continuously voted #1 in the country every year, and not by a hair, it's a long shot.  So, I am not holding Harris Teeter to the same standard, but HT is terrible by any standard.  I don't know if it's the lack of food diversity in the south or HT's fault, but I have a difficult time finding many ingredients I need for cooking at home.  The prices here are higher than those of Wegmans in NY...that's right, higher than the #1 food store in the country in one of the most expensive states in the country.  The prepared foods section at HT is awful.  There are no decent hot meals; terrible taste and variety.  The bakery is no good either.  I have bought 4 different pies and returned them all.  Visit a NY bakery and learn what good is.  Deli?  Forget about it!  The standard is far below what it should be here.  I think the corporate QC people of this company need to visit some other high rated grocers around the country to learn where they're lacking.  Food Lion and Bi Lo are crap and pretend to be nothing better.  The annoying part about HT is that they charge out the roof and anyone who has never left Charlotte thinks this is the greatest place on earth.  And one last thing, what the heck is with the check outs?  They're backwards!  You hand your cart to the checkout person, they slowly unload it, the bag dispenser is on the rotating track the groceries are supposed to be on, while you're waiting to pay there is a checkout person 2 feet behind you unloading a cart and bumping into you, and you're left feeling like you just fell into an episode of the twilight zone.  The only thing I dislike about Charlotte (besides terrible drivers) is the lack of quality food and grocers.  I wish a better grocer would merge or buy HT.  Better yet, I wish a better grocer would move to Charlotte and kill HT in market share.  If you follow commercial real estate, you'll notice that HT buys prime locations where competitors make locate, and sits on them.  This is their tactic.  Don't compete in the market on quality, put up barriers to entry.  Scum bags.
4	Harris Teeter is overpriced; no doubt about that, but I continue to shop here because the service is great and the selection is good.  All of their team members are helpful if you need anything. The Cotswold location is one of the best I've been in. It isn't as pretty as some of the others but it's nice nonetheless.
