1	If you're into the very loud electronic music club vibe on the water and care not for quality of food and drink then this is your place. I'm not sure who in my partner's family picked this place for a wedding rehearsal dinner, but I feel like I should blame the wedding planner who missed a lot of details re the wedding itself (then I can keep the blame outside the family).We were trying to have a dining/family/celebration experience in a restaurant, but it felt like a nightclub. And the food was insultingly terrible. Who's this Apollo guy? Hopefully not a famous chef. OK, so the food was edible. Nothing was inedible. But it should have been WAY better for the price. I make better risotto in my sleep.Another waterfront/riverfront place that thinks it doesn't have to be good because it attracts business based on its location alone. I'd avoid.
5	My husband and I held our rehearsal dinner here in June and we were very happy with our choice. The staff were wonderful to deal with and catered very well to our needs.We had a large group of about 35 people. We had originally planned to have it on their beautiful patio along the river but due to rain they set us up inside (which was still very nice). We had a private section of the restaurant with windows surrounding us looking onto old port.The service was wonderful, nobody had to wait on their food and wine glasses remained filled. We had four courses, each unique, beautifully plated and full of fresh, local flavor. The first course was a tartine de chevre with proscuitto, figs and arugula. The second course was a hake confit in rosemary oil and yellow beet salad with mesclun and candied walnuts. The third course was a perfect veal steak with truffle oil and asparagus that melted like butter in your mouth. The fourth course was a lime mascarpone mousse with strawberries. The vegetarian option included a wild mushroom risotto.Everyone at the dinner really enjoyed their meal and the atmosphere, many of which said it was the best meal they had in years (including several of my chef friends). We had a few vegetarian friends at the dinner and I had coordinated with the restaurant to create a separate menu for them which all but one vegetarian really enjoyed. Out of the 35 people, only one person did not enjoy their meal or experience but she is a very picky vegetarian who won't drink ice water because it gives her bad feng shui and will bitch out any waiter who accidentally gives her ice in her beverage. She wanted "to stab whoever in my partner's family picked this place". Not a normal person's reaction to a free four course meal. But hey, I'm Canadian so I may not understand the stabbing threshold of someone in Oakland. Overall there is nothing I would have changed about our rehearsal dinner experience, except maybe the guest list.
