5	Ever since I was a food judge at the Culinary Festival and tasted the frozen yogurt from Yogurtology, I've been waiting for the day they opened a location in Old Town. Now that they have, what do I have to say? "The snosberries taste like snosberries!" Yes, I definitely felt like I was acting out a scene from Super Troopers when I ate this frozen yogurt. Why? Because the yogurt here actually tastes exactly like the flavor they claim it is. I'm not talking about these flavors tasting like the "frozen yogurt version" of the flavor, I'm talking about the "close your eyes and you would never know the different from the real thing" frozen yogurt flavors. As I describe the following tastes, I note a disclaimer: It reads silly that I say the flavor tastes like the flavor, but just go and taste this fro yo yourself and you'll see what I'm talking about. The oatmeal cookie tastes like you're biting into a cookie. Not frozen yogurt, an actual cookie. The peanut butter tastes like you took a spoonful of peanut butter and put it in your mouth. The rootbeer tastes like you took a sip of rootbeer from a straw. You get the picture. In addition, the toppings here are some of the most massive ones I've seen anywhere...and I have seen my fair share! They have full twix bars, chunks of Snickers, S'mores size marshmallows, jumbo gumballs, sour gummy straws ... the list goes on and on and on!
4	Was visiting Arizona and stopped by the mall and enjoyed some yogurt.  Fresh fruits and good selection of frozen yogurts.
5	Ah-friggin'-mazing yogurt!My fro-yo pet peeve is when the yogurt tastes sickly sweet.  The Pink Grapefruit Tart flavor was actually tart, with the perfect amount of pink grapefruity sweetness.  They have an incredible topping selection too.  White chocolate Kit Kats, baklava, dark chocolate raspberry cups...whaaaa?  The fruit toppings are fresh, too.  45 cents/ounce.Bring this chain to New York!
4	So I used to be an loyal Yogurtland fan but Yogurtology has changed me.  This is now my #1 favorite yogurt place.  Their fro-yo is so good.  The flavors are amazing and a great variety.  Oatmeal cookie is my fave.  They have a huge variety of toppings.  Make sure you ask for additional toppings they keep refrigerated.  I almost missed out on the cheesecake pieces one time because they dont keep them out.  Downfall, its significantly more expensive than other places.  I would give it 5 stars if it were comparable to other places but its guranteed that I spend $5-6 here where I'd get the same amount for $2-3 at other places.  wah wahhh.  I will still go here almost everytime I am at fashion square however.  Which is a lot.
4	I have always had a good experience at Yogurtology, and this location does not disappoint. I usually go up to the location up at Shea and Scottsdale, but this one recently opened, and it was closer to my house, so why not?The topping selection is just as good as the other locations, and the yogurt flavors are on par with Shea. I really like Pink Grapefruit and of course Oatmeal Cookie.The only thing that sucks about this location is that it is inside the mall. Great if you are shopping, but sucks if you only want yogurt.
5	I LOVE frozen yogurt. I'm not a huge ice cream fan, but I could eat yogurt round the clock. I love the tart flavor and the guiltless enjoyment of this less unhealthy treat. So I wasn't all too surprised when I gravitated toward Yogurtology's beautifully modern store front at the Fashion Square Mall. I walked into the tidy little operation and was warmly welcomed by a greeter and instructed to sample all the flavors my heart desired... and that I did. The yogurt and toppings (a veritable buffet of choices) are all self-serve. Of course, they're hoping you're eyes will be bigger than your stomach. It's brilliant!I decided on a delicious mix of chocolate and vanilla covered in a sliced strawberries. blueberries and granola.  That's my go-to concoction. Once you complete your cup just the way you like it, you take it to the register to be weighed. I think mine costed about $3. Not bad for dessert just the way you like it.
4	I'm a huge FROYO fan and was surprised to find this place inside the mall. It's right next to the food court.It's a self-serve froyo joint with over 20 different toppings. The fruit is fresh and they have POPPING BOBA balls  in their toppings section too (Strawberry & Mango flavors). The mochi wasn't the best (had a slightly harder consistency than I'm used to but didn't taste stale, so I wasn't completely disappointed).The original tart was a bit icier than Pinkberry's froyo but overall wasn't bad. They have the typical flavors from like chocolate, vanilla, some fancy peanut butter and seasonal pumpkin, but also serve non-dairy flavors too.The toppings bar was very clean and all containers were fully stacked.
5	No cookie crumbs or candy dust here.  It looks like they pretty much cut them in half and call it good.I had Snickers, Reese's, Butterfinger, and Nestle Crunch.  And about half a brownie.  I'm assuming the yogurt was fine, but it was hard to tell.  I'm pretty sure I had about 39 cents of yogurt in my $6 cup.5 stars for toppings, cleanliness, and friendliness!
3	Yogurt was great and love that they had FULL twix bars to put in yogurt, BUT I was seriously annoyed that I had to wait for an employee to give samples. There were about 5 people asking for tastes at the same time and I just didn't want to wait. Seems like a money-saving tactic to me- just a cheap thing to do when you charge those prices.
5	Just love their yogurts! Very good selection, with gluten-free, fat free and sugar free options, plus it's self-service, so you can put the amount you want of anything.
5	I have not had frozen yogurt after McD's replaced soft serve ice cream with frozen yogurt.  OK, so a freaking long time.  So, I was a little bit not sure when our group wanted frozen yogurt.  I saw all the choices for frozen yogurt and starting to imagine the possibilities and then I saw all the toppings.  OMG!  Got the oatmeal cookie and vanilla frozen yogurt.  Toppings - mochi mini-balls, snow caps & dark chocolate chips.  Love it!  The oatmeal cookie was SO SO GOOD.  There are over a dozen selection of frozen yogurt and over 70 toppings.  WOW!  Everything is clean and fresh.  I am hooked now.
4	Blackberry. Blackberry. It is all about the blackberry. The only problem is: They rarely have it! It really needs to be a regular flavor.
4	This place is sinfully dangerous!  The world of sweets collide with fro-yo.  They offer so many toppings and flavors of fro-yo, the combinations are endless. The fro-yo flavors are true to taste.  I love the various chocolates, candies and fruits they offer.  I was on my way to the movies and felt that I deserved a nice treat.  I filled my cup with a brownie, No Sugar Vanilla and topped it off with Carmel.  Oh my I was in heaven.  I ate the entire bowl before the previews.  Thanks Yogurtology for a somewhat guiltless treat.
4	What impressed me was the toppings at this place. They had the mango, peach, blue berry and apple boba bubbles. I just happened to love boba bubbles. The other yogurt place only have mango. The flavors are pretty much the same as the other yogurt places like Zoyo and Mojo and etc. Except for Yogurtland because Yogurtland have like 15 flavors in stock at all times with new seasonal flavors every month.The place was clean however, the sample cups are not easily accessible. You have to ask the clerk and the clerk goes and pours a sample for you. It felt a little stingy for a place that is supposed to be fancy and all. But whatever, I just used the same sample cup to try other flavors.So if you are in Fashion Square and in the mood for Yogurt, this place is the place to go. Actually, I think this is the only yogurt place in the mall. Unless you want to walk across the street. There's a Yogurtland on the NE corner of Scottsdale and Camelback. :)
5	Good location, friendly employees, good service and experience overall. You don't really know that the store is in the mall which I wish it wasn't really hidden in the corner but that doesn't make the place any lesser. Loved all the sugar free choices of yogurt and just all of the yogurt flavors to pick from! So many which I love! also tons of toppings to choose from! Way more toppings here than any other yogurt shop i've been too. Definitely will be coming back here when I come to the mall to get my yogurt fix and try more of the flavors!
4	I got a 2 for 1 coupon from the concierge at Fashion Square so we thought that we would grab a cup of their tasty fro-yo.  I had had some of the Oatmeal Cookie at a different location a few days earlier and wanted a repeat performance but decided to change it up with Peanut Butter as my second flavor. Loads of topping options but I selected a little toasted coconut for the Oatmeal Cookie side and crushed peanuts for the Peanut Butter side. Definitely a winning combination! There are complimentary sauces at the cash register for you to use too (hot fudge, caramel and salted caramel) if you are so inclined.When I presented my coupon they looked like they had never seen one before despite the fact that the concierge is literally right outside their front door no more than 25 feet away. After a little convincing that I don't manufacture bogus coupons to scam fro-yo shops they accepted the coupon and we went on our merry way.
3	It's not too bad.  I've had better but they do have a good selection of toppings.  They even have a separate set of "toppings" you put on first before the yogurt and THEN the "regular" toppings.  Clever!  The yogurt here, IMO, is creamier than other places.  Not good or bad - just preference!
4	I really like going to yogurtology for business meetings. I experienced really good customer service from a yogurtology employee, Victoria. Good flavors and toppings here.
5	The froyo is only 90% as amazing as at the Yogurtland across the street but:1. 90% as amazing as Yogurtland is still amazing.2. The place is in the food court at Fashion Square, so it's excellent for soothing shattered nerves and a wounded spirit.3. It has fixings for making a sort of brownie sundae with various cookies on the bottom of the yogurt cup, if you like that sort of thing.4. Gingerbread froyo was not immediately banished after Christmas, and gingerbread froyo is a good thing.5. The staff is relentlessly cheerful.6. Some store's free wifi reaches to the tables out front, so you can geek out with a cup of froyo and pretend you're not stuck in a terrifyingly large shopping mall full of roving gangs of teens, tourists, and trophy wives.
1	If you enjoy running melted fro yo, being treated like you're 5 years old and FRUIT FLIES on the fruit than this is the place for you! Save your hard earned money and go across the street to the fro yo by Sprinkles. It's way cleaner. Their machines all work and they trust you to get your own samples..
2	This visit was okay. Could have been better.  The yogurt was way too soft! It was a Saturday and I'm thinking that they must have had a lot of traffic through there that the freezing mechanism wasn't able to keep up.  I'm no engineer nor do I know the whole process of dispersing yogurt from those taps.  A young lady was cleaning the "squeeze" glass where the toppings were. As I approached, you would have thought she would have stopped, gave me precedence, and continued after I chose my toppings. Oh, no. Not in this establishment! Customers are NOT priority here. The young lady continued to stray a liquid (I'm hoping water) on the glass and wipe. I maneuvered around her to get strawberries. Then to the blackberries.  Fruit flies (eewe!) came out of them and I opted to take my chances on the strawberries only. I payed ~$5 for my purchase and basically throw the runny concoction away as I walked past Brookstone. (Disgusting!)
