5	Excellent!  I can not believe I am the first to review this business.  I needed to start a new life insurance policy.  I found out my current policy was only accidental death.  Being uneducated on all of my insurence options, Dave Markus took the time explaining different plans and helped me make a decision that would best support my family and pocket book. I found Dave Markus  Agency from a friend. The office has a comfortable clean environment, with a very friendly staff, and central location.  I have peace of mind that I have the best policy for my family.  I look forward to moving all of my other policies over!
5	Dave, is the best Ins guy out there. He always has your best interest and is will to go the extra mile. My engagement ring fell apart (soft stones) in the first yr I had it, he made sure I got it fix and took care of EVERYTHING!!!  Go Dave Markus !
5	Dave Markus is an asset to American Family. He will do what it takes to take care of his customers. He is a great teacher, knowledgable resource and a gunuine person. His staff is quite resourceful and always available. Thank you AM FAM for the excellent service.
5	Dave Markus is extremely professional and informative.  He is very detailed in his responses to any questions or concerns that I have, and he shows a genuine interest in making sure I am getting the information and coverage that I need.  Get in touch with Dave for your insurance needs.  You'll be glad that you did!
5	I have had the pleasure of working with the Markus Agency for many years now. I have gone through several houses and many a car. They have ALWAYS been right there for me and my family. Dave will always offer every option there is available for you as a consumer. That's right we have options as consumers! Many other insurance agencies tell you what they have that  best suites you. The Markus American Family agency will not only tell you what is available, but will tell you why, how, when, any everything in-between on why this is the best option for you! Thank you again for all the years of dedicated service to you and your staff!
