3	Pets! Pets! Pets! Pet Smart! Pets Mart!  PetSmart! Wow, the possibilities, and that's just in the name! :) PetSmarts are indeed a chain but like most big business chains the stores can be completely different from location to location.  Craig road PetSmart is definitely stocked with all the regular items you usually come for to care for your furry, or not so furry (reptiles, hairless cats, birds, rocks, etc.) friends.  However, I find this location to be just plain average.  It's like the store isn't trying to be anything more than just the minimum.  I know, I know, well what do I expect, it is a chain after all.  But, when you compare this location to some of the others in town you definitely can find a difference, and where you find differences you find expectations, and expectations leads to having favorites!   We all know what having favorites mean...it means you end up visiting that particular location more regardless of proximity.  The store isn't as big as the others ones in town I've been too (North 5th/Deer Springs and Rainbow) so the layout and floor plan seems crowded and scattered.  It also isn't as clean or well kept, and the store is just poorly lit.  I don't know if they're trying to save money on electricity, but some efficient lighting would be good here, especially since you'd like to see where you're walking and avoid any pet droppings leaving with you after your visit.The upside: This location did have really friendly service.  Most PetSmarts are notorious for saying hello and welcome, etc.  But, this location seemed to have employees that were a lot more genuine and just plain happy.
3	This petsmart is clean and is very well stocked. My only compliant is that I get all these weird looks coming into the store and going straight to the cat section. I was completely ignored. It was an awkward experience to say the least.
4	Very clean and well kept. I went there to get my cat some christmas toys... I loved their selection.
4	Not an extraordinary store to purchase pet accessories, but it's close proximity to PetCo will make sure you get what you're looking for.
5	I must say I was very impressied with April's knowledge and expertise. I've been in numerous times and they never disappoint. Other Petsmart locations are good, but this has been the best so far. Recently lost a reptile (RIP Rosebud) and went to browse for another. Left with a new snake. April was fantastic and knew her stuff. She was very friendly and helpful, as was the rest of the staff. This is not the most convenient location for me, but it is totally worth a small inconvenience. Definitely will return.
5	I went with my daughter yesterday to get her first fish and was surprise by the great workers. They were nice staff I was greeted and attended very nicely .Thanks for helping me find a fish for my daughter It was clean , stock up on merchandise and the cashier was very polite .
