3	I come year once a year when I visit my Aunt.  Food isn't amazing, but they have low prices (even lower if you get there before 6pm).  Live music on Monday nights, and it's always fun to watch the Sun City locals dancing!
3	Tivoli Gardens is a favorite restaurant for the Sun City crowd and the menu reflects that with items and tastes for the more 'mature' palate.  It fills up at dinnertime and it seems like a lot of the folks know each other.  I had the Thursday special; Corned Beef & Cabbage. It was very good and a good large portions for $9.99.  It came with carrots, potatoes, rye bread, cole slaw and dessert.Service is adequate. Prices are decent.  Not my favorite kind of place, but it's not a bad place at all.
4	I had a great time at the Tivoli Gardens. On Monday night there is Karaoke. I went with some friends and we all enjoyed ourselves. The food was good.  Ihad a roast beef sandwich with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and pickles.  There is much more for dinner but I never can finish a big meal.  There are specials that come with dessert.  I tried Karaoke for the first time and was really scared cause I am tone deaf.  It was fun!!!!!
2	"Tivoli Gardens"-- how the heck did they come up with that name?  The only Italian food in the vicinity might be a traumatized meatball hiding underneath a booth.  And don't be looking for any gardens-- anything that might be growing outside in the scorching heat would only be there thanks to water stolen from another state.  Anyway, the food was barely mediocre, but service was terrible.  The waitress' limited attention span seemed mainly diverted to the needs of the herd of elderly gentlemen who had commandeered the "special functions room".  The kitchen staff also seemed incapable of coping with the onslaught of senior citizens, which one could probably have anticipated, given the locale.
2	I've been here twice, probably won't be a third time.  Both times, the wait times here were really bad and the service is lackluster.  My entree really sucked the 2nd time I went, too.
2	Not thrilled and not going back.  Met a fellow church member there to discuss an upcoming event and decided we'd meet over breakfast.Waitress came by for drink orders.  I ordered iced tea and water, my friend ordered coffee and water.  Drinks came quick but no ice in the water.  They provided a full carafe for my friend though.Now, for the food.  The toast was good.  But that's it.  The two strips of bacon were cheap.  Bottom of the barrel type bacon.  Not the good, thick cut bacon.  The hashbrowns were off as well.  Too much butter or oil made them soggy.  But the worst part was the scrambled eggs.  They are obviously not made to order.  This tells me they make them up dozens at a time and let them sit.  The coloring was horrible and the eggs were filled with very hard chunks of "egg".  Couldn't even eat them.
1	If you are in the 75 and over age group you will like this place (if you're not picky). Formerly located in Sun City, they actually have busses to take people to the new location on Bell. I've eaten there 3 times and found the food inconsistent. My third time was to schedule a group of 20+ diners. Lou (owner) himself assured us we'd have a private room if we had that many; I even got it in writing. We had 22 people and when we showed up on a Sunday early evening Lou was conveniently nowhere in sight and the staff claimed they didn't know anything about a private room. We were crammed in a side room with other diners, all of us pushed up against the walls at long tables. As the dinner coordinator I was furious but there was nothing I could do at that point  Lou I think counts on that. When I caledl the restaurant afterward, again Lou wasn't there but the Manager who met us that Sunday night said he had told Lou about our situation and Lou claimed he told us we would NOT have a private room (remember I got it in writing).  I have never trashed a restaurant on Yelp because I know how hard owners and their staff work especially in this economy. But  Lou is a very cagey operatior and he will deceive you to get your business. Over the years, he's learned how much he can get away with - and he'll go for it every time.- customer be damned.
1	Thanksgiving at my Mothers request.... read the reviews on Yelp said ...  cant be that bad..............WRONG  Thanksgiving and all Holidays should be your Super Bowl... Best service best food............This place had the worst service I EVER HAD EVER..... The food was mediocre at best... i guess thinking we were with some seniors we would not notice....Wrong..... I cant give this no stars but would..... Stay away... FYI I hate bashing a place I waas in this business for years but...... Time for a reboot
2	Ehhh. It just serves its niche clientele. if you are older and are accustomed to that style of food and service go and enjoy. Do not expect too much
1	I don't like to trash restaurants either but 2 times here was two times too many.  Dinner was forgettable at best (a plastic container with canned fruit cocktail?really?).  Breakfast was ever worse! Have they heard of HOT coffee? How many times do you have to ask for cream? When you order a bacon & cheese omelet, who the heck just lays 2 pieces of whole bacon in the omelet & just folds it over AND then doesn't bother to finish cooking the omelet?  Greasy overcooked hashbrowns, toast drowning in butter & that godawful fruit cocktail again. This place is a heartattack on a plate.  Service is HORRID! The over 75 crowd that frequents this place has obviously decided they don't deserve good, fresh & tasty food and has just given in to CHEAP.  How does a place like this stay in business?
3	Something non chain on the land of the walking dead. Average. Blue hairs like the one price for everything deal, requires less thinking on their part. Instead of a coat check room they have a walker check. Live music on some nights
4	Very good fish fry. Our waiter was excellent! Nice place with inexpensive food but tasty.
5	Ate there for the first time in a while. Many people I know, like the place, others just don't. We've never had bad food there. During busy season, expect to spend 90 minutes from start to finish. This is not a service problem, but a kitchen issue. The orange roughy was not good, it was SUPERB, and the chicken stir fry, very good. Food was served warm, and the service provided by Jeff was exemplary. There has been an influx of younger servers who are extremely effective, accomodating, and polite. You get a big bang for your buck. Based on our experiences, it would seem that the negativity is unwarranted.
2	Went here with my kids this week for dinner as invited guests.  We were told many good things about the place prior to this, so were happy to check it out.  I am really only writing this because the restaurant info says it is good for kids, which is a big stretch of the truth and because of the really poor service and some subpar food.It does not have a kids menu, does not have kids items on any menu, and when I asked the waitress if they had a kids menu, she looked annoyed, showed us the appetizer menu and said they could order off that.   Not really what I expect from a restaurant that says it is good for kids.   The live music was actually pretty good.  It wasn't my type of music (catering to seniors), but the guy had a good voice, was a good musician and it was fun to see all of the people dancing.Our friends and family enjoyed their food and although my kids ended up having $11.00 and $12.00 entrees since they had no other choice, they did like their meat but not the veggies or sides.  $23.00 for them to have a few bites of chicken was not what I am used to paying at a casual restaurant. The free ice cream at the end of the meal was also nice, although they charged me for mine.  The biggest issue I had other than no kids food was the service was very slow and all around just bad (not sure we ever really had a waitress/waiter since a couple different people waited on us, but for the most part ignored us, acting too busy).  After talking to the owner (a very nice guy), it improved.  My corn beef sandwich was the only really bad food of the night and was borderline edible.  I got down half of it because I was hungry, but It was some type of strange pre-packaged flat lunch meat that I have never seen before and was a little wet and weird tasting.  I have had reubens and corn beef at a lot of grills and restaurants, but none has ever looked or tasted as weird as this meat.   If I were the owner, I would immediately change the corned beef brand.  I did ask more than once for a to-go box, so I could take the other half back to my doggie, but never got one - due to the poor service.  I ended up having to leave the other half of the sandwich on the table.Since their clientele seems to be at least 90% seniors in the nearby retirement communities, I would say not catering to kids is kind of expected, so please don't say you do on your restaurant info or you could add some kids items on a cheap paper menu that you can print-out in your back office.  This wouldn't take long and you could actually make some parents and grandparents happy.
5	My wife and I have gone to Lou's now for several years and still can't get over what a great value it is! Most meals include desert and beverage for a modest price. The best little secret in town is the Thursday night happy hour with half price drinks and appetizers. We also were impressed by the Thursday night entertainment. His sign said Eddy J and wow can he sing. We stayed and danced until closing. Don't miss this one!
1	Absolutely the worst place ever. The OWNER has a disgusting mouth to his customers. Told me to "lick the sweat off his balls" in front of my 80 year old mother!! Way to go "Lou"....The man needs to get a grip. Can't treat people like that. PLEASE DONT PATRONIZE THIS BUSINESS !!!He actually wanted to fight me cause I told him he was being rude to my mother and should apologize. Fight me? He tried desperately to goad me into throwing a punch so he could POUNCE!! Vicious man. Crazy??The man is a joke to the Surprise business community.Please don't patronize this jerk!!
2	The wife and I used to come here on a regular basis for the past 2 years and really liked it. So much in fact that we brought others with us. In that time there was once that we sent our food back because it was so overcooked the egg was hard as a rock. When Lou came over he could have cared less. So we just let it go and figured he was having a bad day. Skip to about 2 months ago...we were at breakfast again and ordered our usual eggs Benedict. The waitress was Priscilla.  She was quite pleasant but little did we know.And we ordered as we always did...very softly poached eggs. We'll the eggs came again hard as a rock.  We told her and she said she'd get the owner.  Out come Lou and he proceeds to tell us "we'll that's the way you ordered them". He was such an angry SOB and took no responsibility for anything.  Priscilla comes back and proceeds to say to me,"do you need anything pops". I looked at my wife and we were so shocked to hear someone speak to me that way. What a smartass she was. We vowed then we would never go back. As we were leaving, I voiced my opinion to the gal at the front door.  And what do you think she told me....Priscilla was Lou's sons girlfriend. Now it all makes sense. Lou takes absolutely no responsibility for any wrongdoing in his restaurant. There is no way in hell he would comp a meal let alone apologize for the mistake. He is an ornery old man who needs to retire....he is not a people person and is a horrific example of an owner.
4	We took our pre-teen granddaughters here before the Pageant. Food was good and generous. Service was attentive. Nice music combo in the background. Have to say, the place doesn't wow me. However, for this kind of venue they do a nice job and is worth it for a convenient before the Pageant thing.
