5	Dr. Grant makes going to the eye doctor a very positive experience for your kids.  She is very detailed and makes sure your kid gets the best possible results.  My oldest daughter had undiagnosed "lazy eye" which, when I took her to another doctor who used patching, barely improved. After just a couple new eyeglass prescriptions (refilled for free at Wal Mart), the eyesight in her "bad" eye is now approaching 20/40 and we haven't even started vision therapy yet.  It was at 20/80 with glasses before I switched my daughter to Dr. Grant after I was told they couldn't do anything else to improve her vision.
5	Dr. Mary Grant is absolutely AMAZING!! I took my almost 3 year old there to get his eyes checked after our pediatrician was concerened with his eyes. Dr. Grant is wonderful with children. First off, I called to make an appointment and she fit us in because she cared that day. WHAT FANTASTIC SERVICE.  Her sweet assistant sent us the paperwork and we got to fill it out before going in to the office.  My son wasn't sure about seeing anyone and she was awesome. Dr. Grant had SEVERAL different methods to getting the tests that she needed completed. Lots of toys, lots of prizes, and a very sweet voice got my sweet boy the results we needed. We found out that he needed glasses and while she has wonderful choices of glasses, she didn't make us buy any of them and gave us suggestions of where to get some that would fit his cute tiny face. Dr. Grant's assistant, Nati, was awesome too. I was impressed with her patience with us and her care for our son. To make things evern better, if it was even possible, she looked at my son as a whole She noticed that his skin had eczema and I told her I have been struggling with this his whole life and we haven't found the right doctor for that. She gave me her doctor's number and called me the next day to see if we were able to get in. I love doctors like this. She didn't look at him as just as another patient, but as one of her patients and made us feel great. If you ever need an optometrist for your child Dr. Grant is the one to go to. She's incredible and we will be going to her for ever. Thank you Dr. Grant for all you have already done for my son and our family. We love you!
5	I LOVE AND HIGHLY recommend Doctor Grant. She is skilled, and does not sugar coat things.... If you aren't doing the right things to maintain or IMPROVE the health of your eyes.... SHE WILL LET YOU KNOW, and you may not like it...... I know I haven't exactly loved all the things she has said to me over the years, but it's just my pride.....I've been reading all these other posts, [[[[city search]]]]]] about how she doesn't keep staff, or that she isn't "sociable", or that if you aren't on time for an appointment she won't see you. But the thing is, when you go to the eye doctor, you aren't going over to your friend's house for cocktail hour.... she doesn't have to chit chat with you. This is HER business. Her keeping staff, or not, is really no one's business, and no one really knows how that employee acts. Who she chooses to employ, or how she runs her office, is not your choice. An appointment is exactly that, an appointment. Any one's time is valuable, and you should always leave early, in time to get some where that you promised to be. I've been going to her for years, and she plans a schedule to get in patients. There is ALWAYS someone leaving when I arrive, and when I am done with my check up, there is someone ALWAYS waiting in the lobby, unless I get the last appointment. There are laws that Doctor's have to follow, I know that every year, whenever I go to a doctor, whether it be doctor Grant, my OB/GYN.... I HAVE to re-fill out the paperwork, even though my insurance, address and phone haven't changed in ten plus years, but I don't hold that against the doctor. Dr. Grant is just that, A DOCTOR. Her and I have had mild conversations, nothing too deep, but she has always been polite to me.I can, sometimes see how she can come off a bit cold..... but, please, don't take other people's personality clashes as a reason to not see a skilled doctor. You don't have to be friends with her and go out for dinner afterwards. I have been going to her since I can remember, and I , along with my family.....am ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS taken care of. So, basically, if you want a doctor, go to Mary Grant, if you want a social butterfly.... good luck and keep looking.
