5	a BIG THANK YOU to Jim at this Henderson location for really helping me out of a jam this weekend. I have another review for Desert Tint on the reason i had to show up at Safelite in the first place to have my Fluster Cluck remedied by the great technicians at Safelite. My long story on Desert Tint was a huge mess that they made that really needed to simply be repaired by uninstalling my windshield, cleaning up the mess they made with their cheap urethane adhesive and properly setting and installing my windshield on my 05 Acura RL. I showed up at the shop and was greeted by Jim, nice gentleman that welcomes you with a handshake which i love. Assessed my mess for a moment and pulled it into the shop, which happened to be very clean well kept and very professional looking and to the point. Long story short Safelite saved my ass on a Saturday afternoon. No other windshield place was open but im actually glad because i probably wouldnt have run into these fine people in Henderson who helped me out. My car is perfect now with a new windshield installed very nicely and professionally. I will tell anybody every single time there is no other option for this service than Safelite of Henderson. People DO NOT go to a tint shop to have your glass installed, go to the pros you will be glad that you did.
5	I use Safelite even though they are not in my insurances network. I have had to use them 2 times in the last month to repair rock chips on my front windshield. Once mobile to my work and once at the Henderson location. Both times the employees were very professional and the work was completed fast. My windshield looks great and I plan on continuing to use Safelite for all my vehicles window needs.
5	Both of our cars had little surface nicks to the glass windshields so we called the office up, upon getting the referral through our insurance company; an appointment was scheduled, and the csr showed that following saturday. The rep was really nice (so pleasant, friendly, and genuine), and she took care of our nicks in a relatively short time. There was no charge, since the insurance company took care of it. We were pleased with the outcome.I would highly recommend this company to anyone- dependable, fast, customer- service oriented, and a reputable company.
5	Wonderful company! Came to my work and fixed my window which was smashed in by some jerk. Replaced in 45 minutes.
5	Very friendly employees. The technician who replaced my windshield was on time and very professional. They came to my home and fully replaced the windshield (which I was surprised they had in stock as I drive an older car.) and vacuumed all the broken glass from my car in about an hour. Price was fair. Lower than I expected. All in all, I would definitely recommend this company to friends.
5	After a Colorado Dept of Transportation snowplow covered my car in snow and rocks and cracked the windshield beyond repair, I cringed at the thought of getting the windshield replaced. High prices, rude people, "we gotta order that in" comments, all are things best avoided. But when I called Safelite in Henderson none of that happened. What did happen was all a very pleasant surprise and experience! Safelite had my windshield in stock and they physically walked back and checked their warehouse inventory to make sure while I was on the phone. They setup an appointment time, their mobile truck arrived within 90 seconds of when they said they would. The work took them a bit longer than expected as my previous windshield was not installed correctly. They made sure all of the old sealant was completely removed and they used top of the line sealant for the new glass. After the glass was installed they vacuumed out any dust and debris on my dash, put primer touch up paint on the previous scratches that they didn't cause, and they cleaned my windshield to boot (and their new glass had people saying WOW, it's like seriously clear!) Oh and they left me a can of their awesome glass cleaner too. They were not the cheapest by about $10. But the service was top notch from start to finish. Car repairs make me very grumpy but when Safelite left I wasn't dancing in the driveway but I was smiling over the quality of the glass, and that my debit card wasn't glowing red from being overextended as the price was perfect. 5 Stars: SERVICE, Glass Quality, Sealant Choice, Professional tools and Technique, and yes 5 Stars for price. And their glass cleaner is miracle stuff. Got a glass table top in the house and a 2 year old with popsicle fingers? Their glass cleaner makes cleaning up a matter of spray, wipe, and go. Dang good stuff, worth seeking out to buy on it's own.
1	Highly disappointed with this business. Was told that the technician would arrive and perform work between 8-12 by a customer service representative. Windshield replacements are estimated to take between 1.5-2 hours, so I expected someone to come by 11. I called at 11 and was told that the technician would only show up between 8-12 to perform the work. 12 comes and goes, 1 comes and goes, 2 comes and goes. At this rate I am going to wait 6 hours plus 2 hours for the service, that is 8 hours, my entire day! I spoke to 3 different managers to try to get an update on where the technician was. All 3 said they would call me back immediately and never did. I called back again for the 5th time and all the managers left the office at 1:30pm. The only answer I received was the technician said he called me and I rescheduled for the afternoon. I never spoke to a technician and certainly wouldn't reschedule after waiting 6 hours. This company is in-policy for me and I still wouldn't waste your time. This seems like a scam business like many others I have encountered in Vegas. Don't go off 5 yelp reviews, get a personal recommendation from someone who has actually used the service and seen good results.- Will add that after a threat to report to BBB a manager named Steven rescheduled my service for Tuesday and offered to drop the cost (it was already free though). Said the driver had a mental breakdown? Still doesn't excuse a no phone call from the technician for being late, wasting 6 hours of my day and not getting a new windshield, and wasting even more time playing phone tag. Glad I am finally getting what I ordered tomorrow but not worth one bit of the trouble.
5	So, this is the 3rd review in a row that is car-related, but it's just been that kind of month!  After a rock came flying out of nowhere while I was innocently driving on the 95 South to a baby shower one recent Saturday, it hit my windshield and left two small holes--aarrgghh!  Safelite works in conjunction with my insurance carrier, Farmers, so I made an appointment on-line last Thursday morning.  The tech showed up at my job that afternoon and fixed said holes.  All I had to do was meet him out in the parking garage where my car was, unlock the vehicle, go back inside to work, and 25 minutes, later, voila, the offending holes were sealed.  This, unfortunately, is not the first time a rock has done damage to my windshield, and probably won't be the last, but at least I know Safelite can be relied upon to come to the rock rescue!
5	Safelite is a great company.  Unfortunately, in the past, I have used Safelite 4 times.  Each time they were the cheapest and absolutely professional, prompt and did a great job.  I would like to add that thru my insurance they put you thru to their glass company, who wanted $200 for my windshield in my Explorer.  I declined and phoned Safelite direct because I have previously used them.  They accepted my insurance and I had to write them a check for $15.00.  So if you have glass coverage, decline the company your insurance wants to send you to and call Safelite direct.  Also repair was done the next day, at my home and on time.  You cannot get any more convenient than that.
5	Today was my second time using Safelite within the past two months due to flying rocks on the freeway. The first incident occurred in the San Bernardino, CA area and the work performed at the Redlands,CA shop. The second incident occurred in the Las Vegas, NV area and the work performed at the Henderson, NV shop. Both times I was completely satisfied with my overall experience. Scheduling an appointment at the shop over the phone - using the 24/7 Safelite call center - was super fast and easy. Both times the agent scheduled my appointment and had me off the phone in roughly five minutes. Both times they squeezed me into that afternoon's schedule. The customer service at both locations exceeded my expectations. The repair techs at both locations were friendly, personable, professional, and thorough. I can tell this company has successfully ingrained great customer service in its employees at Safelite because they practice it consistently...at whatever Safelite I visit!
5	I made my appointment to go to their location in Henderson Nevada. I was nicely greeted, and the tech was right on time. I had two long windshield cracks that had already started to spread about 3 inches coming out from the top side of the windshield glass, and I really didn't think this could be repaired. Within about 45 minutes the cracks and lines were fixed, and I really had to look hard to see where the cracks "had been" as the repair was "seamless." Absolutely PERFECT Repair Safelite AutoGlass!!
5	I called them yesterday to get a quote for a little crack my car got from a moped throwing a rock up at it lol, who would've thought, a moped! I don't remember the guy I spoke with on the phone but he was professional and was able to give me all the info I needed, $89 without insurance and with my AAA insurance, $0! Whoo! Everything is better free haha. So he offered to make an appointment same day but I had some errands to do and made the appointment for today at 8am. I was greeted when walked in and everyone was friendly and they gave me a 30-45 minute time estimate. And right on time, they finished it at 8:27. I could barely notice that there was even a crack! Awesome! The guy also wiped down all my windows and vacuumed the front area of my car! How nice is that!  He also gave me a free huge can of window cleaner! He let me know that there was a lifetime warranty on the repair and to come back if anything happened with it and they would fix it free of charge. Great experience and customer service, I definitely recommend them!
5	We called and were able to set an appointment that same day. It took about an hour to install a new windshield. All of the staff was friendly, the call center, receptionist, and mechanic. The place was clean. Overall it was a fast and easy process. The windshield comes with lifetime warranty, would definitely recommend.
5	After some drunk idiot decided to walk on my car on St Pattys Day, I was left with a 1ft crack in my windshield (show prints included). Of course I procrastinated and the crack extended to 2ft until I decided to have it repaired. I drive a '12 G37 and had no idea the cost. Somewhere in internet-land I saw a quote for $900, while a local shop quoted $400. Then I heard a jingle on the radio "Safelite Repair, Safelite Replace" and decided to get more info. I was surprised to find out that if I submitted a claim thru my GEICO insurance via Safelite, the total cost was going to be $50 flat. I was able to schedule an appointment the next business day to have a mobile repair man complete the work in my driveway, while I spent the hour watching Law & Order SVU. Completely satisfied with this service and will recommend to everyone.
2	Took my vehicle in and had a pleasant experience at first. After about 10 minutes I could hear the techs screaming and yelling at each other, laughing, and honking the horn of a customer's vehicle. I would not take my vehicle here again.
5	I came here to get my side mirror glass replaced because it was only $50, and it was very quick service- also, the glass looked like the original.  Unfortunately it fell right off within a month, which I was assured from numerous people that it is very unusual.  I believe that!  I spoke with Jim on the phone numerous times and he was a pleasure... they were able to replace it again for free and squeeze me into their schedule as soon as the glass came in.  Thanks!
5	Amber- I posted the review to the specific location, of course.  Jim at 1251 American Pacific Dr, Henderson, NV 89074.
1	This review is strictly regarding customer service and specifically about one representative at this specific location. I took my 2012 E350 to this location back in April, 2014 to replace the cracked windshield.  I visited on a Saturday, and the two gentlemen there were very helpful.  I had intentionally wanted to pay out of pocket, but the gentlemen suggested that I file a claim and helped me with the claim on site.  They were professional and courtesy and genuinely were happy to be there to do their job. I returned today due to another crack that requires another replacement.  I am pretty sure it was not the integrity of the windshield since the windshield had to be special ordered from the dealer.  I arrived well before my appointment, and the office was not busy at all.  Teresa was behind the front desk, and she looked confused as I explained to her that I am here for my appointment.  She found my paperwork and continued to look confused.  I explained to her that I am here for an inspection to see rather the crack qualifies for a warranty-repair or a replacement.  She reluctantly got up from her seat and returned with another gentleman.  The gentleman was very helpful and explained to me that a replacement is required.  I went back inside and explained to Teresa what the gentleman told me and asked if she could file a claim for me since my insurance information was previously given during my visit in April.  She was rude with her response and did not seem like she wanted to help me file a claim at all.  She gave me several dirty looks before  I politely asked again if she would call and file a claim while I am there with her.  She finally called and was placed on hold. In the meantime, I asked if she would need to order the windshield since it was special ordered from the dealer last time.  (I thought it was a very legitimate question to ask as I would schedule my appointment with Safelite accordingly.)  She gave me yet another dirty look and said that she would have to check and continued to look displeased by simply sitting there.  By this time, I realized I could be paying the Mercedes dealer the same deductible and receive MUCH BETTER customer service than I am getting with Teresa.  I am sorry, Safelite, I would have happily returned as a happy patron, but due to your ONE representative who cannot do what she is hired to do, I will not recommend this business.
5	Great experience with these cats. We recently had our entire windshield replaced after a rock sprung up and hit it on the highway. It started a giant crack all the way across the bottom middle. Scheduling was simple and very convenient. They came right to our apartment complex and did everything under my covered parking spot. Our technician, Jason York, was awesome! If you live in the Las Vegas area, request him! He was super friendly and nicely energetic. He did everything in an hour. When the windshield was done, he cleaned all my windows, inside and out, vacuumed the entire vehicle, hooked me up with some top notch glass cleaner, AND got my car extra fresh with a new febreze air freshener. Nice perks I totally wasn't expecting!
1	Horrible customer service!!!! Called their 800 number on a Saturday morning to schedule a mobile windshield replacement. I told the customer service lady I needed it today. She schedules me and tells me they'll be there between 9am and 12 noon. So of course 12 noon passes by so I call her number back. A different lady answers and I tell her the situation and she looks my information up. The other lady scheduled me for the next Saturday. I tell the lady I'm talking to to cancel the appointment and before I say anything else she hangs up on me! It's sad because I'd rather deal with the particular store myself but you have to call their main call center. Just bs.
5	Great service! Made my appointment last night online; they were expecting me when I drove up this morning. Car was ready 1 1/2 hours earlier than expected. They even cleaned all the windows, and vacuumed up any mess they might have made.
