5	I've been a client of Jenny's for nearly 2 years now. She is absolutely wonderful at what she does and can seriously recreate any design you show her. Her salon is extremely clean, sanitary, orderly, and Jenny has literally hundreds and hundreds of gel colors to choose from. My nails last for at least 3 weeks and always look great even after that long. You will not regret coming here!!
5	Jenny has been doing my nails for the past 8 months and I have found the one person who is just as obsessed about nails as I am. I honestly have not had any negative experiences since I started with Dreamy Nails
5	"Ohh, your nails so pretty!" "omg,I love your nails!!""You always have the best nails" Those are the few reasons why I've gone to Jenny for 2 years now. With each new manicure, I get a ton of compliments from friends and strangers. She truly cares about nail care, cleanliness, sanitation and making the client happy. I'm very picky about sanitation, I was a microbiologist for 6 yrs.  Jenny constantly checks to make sure I'm 100% in love with the design and is VERY patient with me when I change my idea (it happens A LOT ). She also gives suggestion depending on what you like. Every time time I go to her, I come out with 3 new ideas that I'll want to try later...The salon itself is very quaint, relaxing and girly. It's just her so you spend a lot of quality time with her without distractions. The quality of her work is awesome. You get what you pay for. It last at least 3 weeks. My friend who has a lot of experience with nail says that Jenny must be really good cuz my gel rarely peels from the back. YUUP, Jenny's awesome!!If you want to get complimented by people, and u smile every time you look at your nails, go to Dreamy Nail.
5	Love Jenny! She is does great nails. All gel so no fumes Awesome designs Her nails last She is very efficient and flexibleSuper cute roomVery private and comfortable Gel pedicures are amazing Follow her Instagram for design ideasShe can pretty much do anything :) Text her for an appt! And refer your friends for a discount
5	Jenny is extremely sweet and very detailed. Always does the best job and trust me, your friends will notice. Compliments everyday on my hands and feet. She just cares so much about her work and your happiness. Love you Jenny!!!
5	I love Jenny! She's the best nail tech that I've ever had. I live across town and travel just so she can do my nails! Loyalty all the way  So encourages me to get out of my comfort zone!
5	I love Jenny! She always does a phenomenal job! Always encourages me to get out of my comfort zone! She's the best nail tech that I've ever had. I live across town and travel just so she can do my nails! Loyalty all the way! :)
